the stone tape by Nigel kneale producer : inne Lloyd director : Peter sasdy produce on BBC Television , December 25 , 1972 outside taskerland house — day a SMALL car , a Austin 1300 , be be carefully drive down the last of along drive and into the forecourt of the house . there be much evidence of the massive rebuild this ugly la te-victorian structure have undergone . there be contractor I hut on the lawn , and a large caravan . there be pile of material — - sand and reinforce metal and heavy pipe . some scaffold cling to the centre part of the building . the car pull in behind large motor van . there be two van , both emblazon with the name '' Ryan electric product '' . one have unload , the other be just finish . Men be shifting bulky apparatus onto trolley and move it inside the house . the car driver be jill greeley , age about 30 . there be a very feminine , strong directness about she , so that what she be seem far more important than what she do . what she do be computer programming . she survey the house , oppress by the sight of it . her eye go along the whole ugly length . one end of it look still untreated , smother in ivy . she be so absorb that she hardly notice that the van be move . she look round . one of they be back straight towards she , huge and blind . she blip she horn but it still come on . she glance to the side and see the other van back towards she from that direction . she have move in too close ; neither of the unseen driver have notice she . she frantically start she engine . then , as if something happen to she vision — - the two object be suddenly no longer motor van but two huge , de-focuss shape like stand stone in motion , slowly blunder and blend , loom over she . and they engine rumble descend to something deeper , a irregular grunt . somehow obscene ... then it pass . Jill find herself sit motionless , she car on the point of be crush . she frantically throw she gear into reverse and slam she foot down . the Austin shoot wildly backwards out of danger , sway and skid in the loose gravel . she glance in the rear mirror — - and see a mass of builder 's equipment ; pile of pipe and scaffold ! she tug at the wheel , hit the brake . the car skid straight on in a spray of gravel . Jill scream . the Austin scrape past a pile of reinforce metal with a ugly grind — - and thud into a huge pile of sand . Jill be flung back in she seat . the engine stall . for a moment she hardly realise what have happen . she lean forward , head into hand . she shudder . fifty yard away the caravan door open and roy collinson look out . he be a grey-haire man of 45 or so , he face tight and strain . evidently he hear the scream . but he see only the two van slowly turn into the drive . in the Austin , almost lose to sight behind the builder 's equipment , Jill be still huddle over the wheel , give herself time to recover . she numbly watch the van go ... then a yellow fastback swinging in past they . the fastback pull up in the forecourt and collinson turn to greet the new arrival : peter brock , age 35 , director of Research for Ryan electrics . he be a man with a lot of drive , he temperament all upsw and downbeat . at the moment , he be on a big upsw , arrive to take over he new establishment . brock : hello , colly . collinson : peter. brock : the big day . collinson : do not expect too much . it 's all a mess . if only we have have another month — - brock : not a chance . ( they survey the house in silence ) it look good . I mean , it look as terrible as ever but — - stronger . collinson ( with feel ) : why do not they tear it down ! brock : colly — - collinson : it would have be better . they have to rip the floor out and the roof and even the window frame — - there be nothing worth keep . just a ugly shell ! brock : colly , he find it . collinson : even so . brock : himself . collinson : I can understand about the park there — - at least it 's big — - but this ! brock : he like the style of it . collinson : my god. brock : one look , that 's all he need , and he mind be make up . he say it speak to he . spoke to he , so it do . ( this last come in the mock brogue which be staff code for utterance of the firm 's chairman ) I know what it say . '' Mr Ryan , for pity 's sake do not knock I down ! '' . collinson : he — - he could have build it new ! for half the cost ! the stridency in he voice worry Brock . brock : how long have you be down here ? collinson : Three or four month . brock : get somebody stashed away in the caravan ? collinson : eh? brock : why not ? collinson : hardly . I quite like it . it 's quite — - snug . horn blare in cheerful chorus . Three more car be approach down the drive . brock : here they come . collinson : Eddie holme be a great help . he 's get most of you gear in position . I be glad you could spare he . brock : good man , Eddie . a batter estate car pull in , with the other two close behind . hand wave from window . then they be scramble out . most of Brock 's staff be under 30 , stamp in general with a kind of alert ingenuousness . eddie holme , at 40 , be the oldest , a dull - face clever man . hargrave and maudsley , both 25 , one serious and introverted , the other afflict with a adolescent sense of humour on top of basic cun . cliff dow be 30 , a slow perfectionist . there be three or four other , less noticeable character . all of they be in high spirit . there have clearly be a lot of laughter on the way . eddie : aye , aye , Peter ! setting a good example . maudsley : the conscientious boss be always the first in ! he lead the hammed - up dirty laugh . brock : see what I have get — - a bunch of kid . voice : where be he ! mascot ! mascot ! mascot ! the rear of the estate car be flung up . a extraordinary figure bounce out . its head be cover by a rubber martian mask with bug eye and sprout wire . its body be padded and cover with the green undulate rubber foam that be use under carpet , belt into place . on its chest hang a control panel with flash indicator lamp and a loud beep noise . a sash mark '' Ryan electric product '' — - a relic of some trade exhibition — - be tie round its middle . brock : stew ! be that Stewart ? eddie : who else ? the figure bow as the cheer research staff close in . they sweep it off its foot and swing it aloft . they run with it beep and flash , in a wide circle . in the Austin , Jill sit watch . her nerve be steadying . she smile slightly , move to get out . the martian figure yell as he be sweep towards the house and nearly crash into the door lintel . they tip he back and run he under it . inside the entrance hall the figure be borne triumphantly in and set down with a bump . then they demolish he . he yelp as the martian mask be rip off to reveal the thin face of stewart jessop , 22 , computer operator . stew : help ! take I to you leader ! I come in peace ! hargrave : you be come in piece , mate ! they yell like wild animal . the control panel be batter into silence , the sash send fly . hand rip at the cord and rubber foam . they fight for possession of the pad . a elaborately uniform '' sergeant '' appear from the reception desk , worried about exercise authority . Brock wave he back . brock : they have get to do it . like dog pee on something . collinson : like what — - ! as Jill come in , stew be flung almost at she foot with the worry pack on top of he , whooping and yell . jill ( in genuine , momentary horror ) : what be you do to he ! maudsley : we be sacrifice a martian ! brock : all right , break it up . that 's enough . that will do ! ( he reach Jill , put he arm round she ) just a bit of clowning . maudsley : innocent clowning , sir . brock : innocent ? you lot ? eddie : you miss the fun , Jill . dow : you be late . maudsley : bride 's privilege . Brock give he a hard look . hargrave : we have sacrifice a martian ! stew sit up , grin and sweat . he wipe he face . Brock draw Jill aside . brock ( quietly ) : you be shaking . jill ( as quietly ) : I be — - nearly in a accident . brock : how ? where ? jill : outside here . I have a sort of — - momentary — - I do not know — - brock ( he face harden ) : blackout 's the usual word . jill : it be not that . brock ( sighing ) : you should have be with I . I should have be drive you . I be sorry , I could not make last night . jill : Peter , please . brock : so you will get accident - prone . jill : nothing happen . she turn , aware that the other be watch they now . the house be as oppressive inside as out . change have only worsen it . the great curving staircase now embrace a lift shaft . air-condition duct run everywhere and spare section of ducting lie stack about the place . there be coil of cable and other debris . wire dangle unconnected from the wall . a low - level reception desk shelter the sergeant . brock : welcome to taskerland . it do not look much now but wait till it 's finish — - then you will get the full horror . collinson : do not put they off . brock : everybody know Roy collinson , house master and bunny mother ? collinson : hold on . brock : any problem about the move — - get dig in the area , housing wife and harem — - see colly . eddie : why be it call that ? collinson : taskerland ? eddie : yes , what 's it mean ? dow : work ! collinson : it be build by a man call tasker and this be he land . he make a fortune out of iron railing . hargrave : it 's not — - ancient ? collinson : sorry to disappoint . it be build about 1880 . mostly own by the one family . requisitioned during World War two — - the american force have it . derelict ever since . some laughter . brock : right . let 's butter they paw . come on — - ( lead the way briskly ) lift , soon to operate , I hope . my office be up there . eddie : very palatial . brock : of course , or why be boss ? reception desk , with sergeant Patterson . sergeant , get to know this face . sergeant ( nodd and grin ) : I know some already , sir . brock : from here on , we be secret . so no chum in , no party in the canteen — - which by the way be through there and extremely decent . collinson : and work . brock : loos that way , also work . and now — - he open the lab door and lead the way in . the laboratory the laboratory be large and well equip . it be fill with bench and steel shelf hold all kind of equipment . crates still unpack stand round the wall . there be a couple of tv camera on roller tripod , large monitor , oscillograph , thermographs , a spectrum analyser . separate off from the rest by a glaze partition be the computer section . this be the territory of Jill and stew . there be the usual teleprinter for data communication - a plotter of automatic graph ... a high -speed line printer . but only a couple of the conventional tape storage unit with they heavy tape spool visible through window . brock : this be Lab one . soon there will be two other like it to spread into . and if that 's not enough there be five hundred acre outside to sit and think in . maudsley : who else be come here ? brock : nobody . just we . hargrave : but it 's enormous . brock : we will get bigger . I will expand the team with people I choose . handpicked . the best . same as you be the best . stew : flattery , Pete .. maudsley : get he a lot of place . dow : yeah . hargrave : this lot . maudsley : fantastic . dow : too good to be true . hargrave : after North acton , eh! stew : what about the other crowd ? the wash machine ? dow : here ? brock : forget it . dow : that bunch in here ? brock : no ! can not you get it through you head — - you be special ! incredible as it may seem , you be ! I will spell it out . this — place — be — ours . it — be — all — for — we . because — we — be — on — the Big one ! ( he survey they face ) D 's you want a pep talk ? d' you really want that ? dow : about the jap ? stew : he 's a bit simple . brilliant but simple . brock : cliff — it be always about the jap . in ten year they be go to have we all by whatever part of we anatomy they pick . there will be no electronics industry anywhere in the world but theirs . unless — eddie : I think we have a good chance . brock : we have get only a single chance . we have get to play a card so high they can not top it . stew ( mock - japanese ) : aah , so ! brock : a completely new recording medium . stew : already have in honourable pocket . eddie : shut up , stew . stew ( seriously ) : what about tape , though ? eddie : tape 's finish . stew : they can still improve — eddie : its day be do . brock : stew . ( he have a spool in he hand ) magnetic tape be compact , responsive , all the sale chat - up say . ( he pull some loose and crush it in he finger ) also delicate and prone to lose its memory . maudsley : like cliff here . brock : as you rightly say . ( he toss the spool down ) it 's time , gentleman , for a breakthrough . just record I , say , the whole of wagner 's Ring cycle inside a pin head — with instant playback , of course — maudsley : gimme till lunchtime . brock : — and you can name you royalty . eddie ( hungrily ) : it be royalty , then ? brock : forget about bonuse , you will be right in there . I have get he word on it . eddie : himself ? brock : yesterday . '' just put the boot into would nippon ! '' be how he delicately phrase it . so — if you want to be millionaire , it 's a crash programme . find the medium and everything else follow . dow : the hardware ? brock : we have take the lot . Computers — tv — home recording — satellite — they all follow . then Ryan electrics become Ryan International become Ryan interspatial . it I 's up to you . eddie : I love this man 's modesty . brock : thanks to Eddie you will find all you junk in familiar order . eddie : disorder . brock : obviously . sorry . eddie : all that string . brock : now . you pet project will go on as before — Eddie 's digital crystal and so on — but we be go to try something new . we will correlate all result together . maudsley : but Pete — if there 's no connection — brock : the computer might spot one . ( doubtful noise ) every clue count . eddie : it put a lot on the computer . all eye go to Jill . she be stand by the computer , she expression strange , as if she be still under the heavy apprehension that nearly make she crash the car . brock : Jill 's ready . she 's go to try something very sophisticated . projection — extrapolation — a sort of randomise mix with a accelerate uncertainty principle . how 's that ? Jill seem to come to herself . jill : something of the sort . brock : you all right ? jill : yes , I — ( as if to take attention away from herself , she turn to the twin tape storage unit ) what about data storage ? be that all we have get ? brock : colly . Computer storage room . when do we get it ? collinson : oh yes . well — brock : what ? collinson ( embarrassed ) : there have be — problem . brock ( quietly ) : you be here to solve they . ( control he anger ) how far have they get with it ? colly , how much have they do ? collinson ( bluntly ) : nothing . Brock stare at he in disbelief , then make for the door . brock : let I see ! he stamp off down the passage . collinson look at Jill . they both follow . the storage room Brock throw open a massive door . there be still a notice screw to it read '' U.S. army . store room '' . the room be immense . it could contain a small house . the wall go up 15 or 20 foot to meet the bare and rotting beam of the roof . the wall be cover with wooden panell that now hang away from they in sagging sheet . there be a single window at one end , high up and half smother by the ivy we see outside . apart from a workmen 's trestle table , stand in the rubble , it be completely bare . a few square yard of the rotten panell have be tear down and throw on the floor . then work seem to have be abandon . Brock stand in the middle of the room , unable to believe it . brock : it — it simply be not - ! five month and not a single - ! why do not you report it ? collinson join he . Jill stay in the doorway . collinson : I know there be reason they have to finish the priority job . brock : colly , this be priority ! collinson : to be fair , it be not in phase one . brock : refacing and air-condition and wiring — ! do they just forget it ? collinson : no. brock : what then ? collinson : problem with the man . they claim it be — I don it know — a dirty job . brock : there 's dry rot ! do they think it 's catch ! look at that panel — I could shift the lot in half a hour ! he grab a swathe of distort panell and peel it back . it split , disclose shroud - like hanging of fungus . Dust scatter . Brock sneeze . he pull savagely at another section and this too rip away . more fungus — and something else . brock : stair . Jill come to look . the step be little more than peg the wall , scarcely a foot wide and very badly wear — hollow , sloping and uneven . collinson : yes , they see that . brock : the man ? he tug at the next section of panell . it be more resistant but it show they enough . jill : they do not lead anywhere . the step run from ground level to about eight foot up and then stop . brock : surely that be not what — ? ( sourly , as he release the panel ) what else do they find ? a skeleton ? collinson : no -o. brock : anything ? collinson : as a matter of fact , yes . about thirty tin of spam . brock : spam ! collinson : and a letter to Father Christmas . he nod at the trestle table . with a comic groan Brock go to look . there be a pile of rusty tin . he pick one up . brock : U.S. Army issue . collinson : doubt if it 's fit now . they must have get force in through the panell . the yank use this for a store . brock : paint it khaki ! collinson : try to quell the rot . brock : even then ? collinson : it be empty before the war . when the rot get really go like this they call it weep . weeping fungus . Brock glare at the membrane of rot with personal enmity . there be a piece of paper on the table — a half disintegrated sheet that look as if it be previously fold up in a tight wad . Jill pick it up and try to make out the fade scrawl . jill : '' Christmas Eve ... '' collinson : oh yes , that 's it . jill : '' what ... I want for ... Christmas ... collinson : a kid 's write . his manner have change — tight and nervous . Brock suddenly attack the wall , kick out a great piece of panell . rot and dead wood and dust go fly . he kick at it again , hack more away with he foot . brock : even the stone 's get it ! collinson : it 's just — very old . brock : 1880 ? collinson : ah , that 's when they panell it in . this wall be a lot older than the rest of the house . they have just be — build onto . in fact , they must have be knock down and rebuilt and generally mess about a lot in the last thousand year . ( Brock stare at he ) oh , yes . the foundation might be saxon . brock : saxon ! collinson : just a amateur opinion . brock : my God — ! collinson : inform amateur . brock : if you be right , you see what it mean ? ( in despair ) they will be in here — the environment boy , the conservationist — nail they little notice on the door and writ and — they could stop everything ! if they get on to it — ( think furiously ) — what about the architect ? collinson ( with contempt ) : that architect ! brock : do not he spot it ? collinson : not till the day he quit . brock ( a tight smile ) : right ! if we go ahead fast — get everything concrete over and the machine in — while we can ! where be the man now ? collinson : work on the back . brock : come on ! ( in the doorway he turn a worry , love , you will get you storage room ! they hurry off along the passage . Jill shiver . it be cold here , the chill suddenly strike . she follow . as the menus footstep fade they seem to echo inside the room . curiously change , though — this be a rapid patter . the effect be so startling that Jill spin round expect to see another person . and find nobody . she force calm on herself and make for the door . as she reach it the sense of another presence behind she be overwhelming . she halt and steady herself against the doorpost . quite deliberately , she turn to look . and see a figure . it be stand high up on the peg-like step . the figure of a woman in black , its face hide by arm raise in front of it . it look as if it be on the point of fall . still and rigid . in the same moment that the vision last — and it be only a moment — there be a shrill rasp in the air . a human scream that have lose its humanity , denature and dead . then silence . the step empty . Jill twist about and cling to the doorpost , beyond cry out . she claw she way into the passage . in the entrance hall she can see Brock and collinson talk to one of the builder 's man . jill ( hoarsely ) : Peter he turn . as he start towards she she pitch forward ... brockas suite — live quarter Jill be huddle on a convertible bed . her knee be draw up beside she and she fist be bunched . she have come out of the first shock into a paroxysm of violent , confuse sobbing . Brock be try to calm she . brock : all right now , all right . Jill ! he pull she crumpled face round . her eye open but it take she a moment to focus on he . she look like a child that can not explain what hurt . then panic rise again . jill : I can not stay here , I have get to get away ! take I away ! ( wildly ) Peter ! she sit up , tense and tremble , she fist hold tight against she breast and she body rigid . she be on the brink of hysteria . he move closer , stroking she , soothing she . brock : Jill , Jill , Jill . easy now . ( he kiss she but she stay rigid in he arm ) I be sorry . I do not listen to you before . tell I about it . jill : what ? brock : the accident . jill : it be not that . brock : tell I . jill : I — I hit a pile of sand , that 's all . there be van and — I could not have be watch . ( suddenly ) I hate this place ! I do not want to come here ! brock : no. you do not . ( his face set a little . now he feel he know where he be . they be on old ground . he sit back . her fist be still press tight against she body like a barrier . he gently ease they down ) here . dump the moist hankie . jill ( open she hand ) : not — not a hankie . Brock take it . brock : oh. Father Christmas 's letter . she shake she head . brock ( read ) : '' what I want ... for Christmas be ... please go away . sign Martin tasker '' . well. jill ( whisper ) : not what you have say . brock : I do not know . one of my kid be like that , hate the idea of he come down the chimney . jill : it be not to Father Christmas . brock : who , then ? jill : I know . I think I know ! again the rise note of hysteria . Brock harden himself against it . he get up . the room be only half finish . it will be very luxurious indeed but at present be still a mess of hang wire and unopen crate . brock : how do you like it now ? they have do a bit since we come down that time . all the shelving and — ( he look into the adjoin office , where a huge desk stand in a sea of unsecure carpet , and back to she ) I quite like it even without the shelving . do not you ? ( her face be unresponsive ) you know what all this be about . you be get at I . ( he wait for a protest but there be not any ) mind you , I quite enjoy you previous ploy . '' how be christine and the kid ? how be timothy 's mump ? how 's the dog 's toothache ? '' oh my jilly . you be a very female one . ( he sit on the bed ) I need you . I know you be not keen to transfer but I need you for you brain as well — if that do not sound crass but of course it do . if you be in doubt ask Eddie and the boy . ( he stroke she forehead ) what 's in there be so rare and ... valuable . ( after a moment ) do it you own way . commute home to old mummy or stay here . stay ? ( she say nothing ) sometimes , anyway . Jill look he straight in the face . she be calmer , but only by she own effort . jill : I see a ghost . just for a moment Brock 's eye soften — then the response die and they be hard again . he get up briskly . brock : let 's get out of here for a while . leave colly to fight the labour relation . he help she up . when she be on she foot he kiss she . jill : let 's go ... a local public house the brewer 's gimmick when they face - lift this roadside pub be ' motor 's . the beer handle be gaiter gear lever , and the whole bar look like a accessory shop . babycham bottle peep through spoke and steering wheel . muffled muzak throbs . any jollity be dispell by the bar lady , a genteel harridan , who fork out cold meat and pickle for Jill and Brock . her helper , a ungainly little countrywoman , be allow to work the beer engine . helper ( beam ) : one danish draught , one Super - strong . brock : one for yourself . helper : ta. bar lady : no , thank you . be they really make poison gas up there ? brock : no — we be not . bar lady : it 's what I hear . brock : not a whiff . bar lady ( wearily ) : I mean germ . you know what I mean . feeling Jill 's tension rise , he put he hand over hers . jill : do you know the place ? bar lady : I have only be here a month . that will be — with the bread — one pound eighty pee . ( as Brock pay ) I mean , it will not do we any good . this day people do not like that sort of thing . jill : it 's nothing bad ! bar lady ( freezingly ) : we all know what secret mean . she move away to attend more favour customer . the helper grimace and lift she glass . helper : cheer . I believe it 's be make very nice . jill : do you know it ? helper : I use to . well , sort of . jill : you go there ? helper : not actually in . it be during the war when the yank be there . ( she lean forward with a grotesque confidential giggle ) I be a good- time girl ! brock : hooray for you . helper ( pleased ) : yes , well — why not ? they be nice boy . and the nylon ! jill : do they talk about the house ? helper : ooh — it be all general and people . some headquarters eisenhower be there once . jill : I mean — what be it like inside ? helper ( puzzle ) : no. very posh , I expect . there be one boy , though — ( fondness show ) — he be a caution . he say — now lemme think — oh dear , he have all this funny word , y’see , he be a coloured boy . I know — guppy . he say there be guppy in the store — that 's where he work — brock : guppy be fish . tropical . helper : oh dear . duppy ? a man in he late twenty move along behind the bar , aprone and carry a crate of bottle . man : he must have mean rat . helper : you do not know , Alan . alan : taskerland be full of rat . we use to play up there when I be a kid . helper : oh yes — you and that Jackie and — she break off in some curious embarrassment . he give she a hard look and go on with emphasis , as if to prove he do not mind talk about it . alan : yes , old Jackie . we use to do dare . jill : the end room — you know it ? alan ( after a moment ) : yes . stand there in the dark , after a bit you have hear ‘em all noise about and squealing . jill : do you see they ? alan : what be there to see ? if they be behind the woodwork ? he move off with he crate . Brock glance at Jill . she be tremble . jill : who else would know about it ? about the house ? the vicarage library the vicar be in he sixty . he be a scholar go completely to seed . he have open a old glass - fronted bookcase and be search hopelessly through the mess inside . it be cramme to burst with tatter journal and folder and exercise book . bundle fall , scatter dust . Brock and Jill be with he . all she tension have return . vicar : you have see the parish register . not many tasker there ... among the birth and marriage and ... they be not ... statistically prominent . but apart from the register I really do not know — brock : we be waste you time . jill : no , please — vicar : it 's quite all right , if I can only — jill : I just think there might be something more — personal . about the family and the house . vicar ( open a exercise book ) : Old sermon . now who on earth would want to hear today about ... about ... ? jill : do you know they ? the tasker ? vicar : eh? oh ... they have all go before I come . die out . that last one be a recluse , I believe . now — there must be some odd and end from my predecessor be time . I fancy — somewhere here — ( he suddenly turn to they with eye brighten by a vital recollection ) you know ? it come to I the other day — about pollution . it 's the modern rediscovery of sin . the only form it can take in a materialistic world ! ( he be delighted with he notion ) all the rubbish and mess — that 's the new wickedness ! and they can see it ! the sudden conviction of — of — of non- returnable bottle ! eh ? brock ( uncomfortably ) : yes , Jill , I think — vicar : then sackcloth and ash . plenty of ash ! brock : I think we have better get back . vicar : oh dear . brock : this — be just a think . vicar ( move with they to the door ) : yes , well I ... come again and p1rap by then I — brock : thanks anyway . vicar : they must have be funny people . there be something about a exorcism once — jill : exorcism ! vicar ( shaking he head ) : now I can not approve of that . I know it 's in the prayer - book , but — oh , dear , dear ! jill : you do mean — lay a ghost ? her intensity catch at Brock . vicar : it be either there or ... now be it ? ah ! ( he seem to change he mind ) I may be malign they . jill : when be it ? vicar : oh — long , long ago . ( then he brighten out of he vagueness and happily remount he hobby-horse . he beam ) I feel I be obsolete but not sinful — I cause so little pollution . apart from tea-leave — and my hen eat that up — outside taskerland house — dusk Jill 's Austin pull out of the corner behind the building material , backfire repeatedly . Brock hold up he hand to halt she and run round behind the car to kick the sand out of she exhaust pipe . he wave she on . engine run more smoothly , she turn away down the drive . Brock watch she go . his face be serious . he have send she off early . the other car still stand park . after a moment he start towards the caravan . there be a light in its window . inside the caravan Brock look in and find collinson at work with two finger on a portable typewriter by the light of a angle poise lamp . brock : how do it go ? collinson : well — they have make a start , clear the old panell out . I be just make a report . ( as Brock glance back at the house ) I have leave they to it . they be decidedly tricky . brock : any reason give ? collinson : no . they just do not like it . come in — have a drink . brock : good idea . collinson clear a space for he . the whole caravan be tightly pack with file and office equipment as well as personal thing , but method keep everything in place . he produce whisky and glass from a tiny cupboard , ice from a equally tiny fridge . collinson : how 's Jill now ? brock : — I have send she home . collinson : just as well . a nasty shake - up . brock : it be not just the car . collinson : oh ? brock ( after a moment ) : bloody woman ! he sit frown . collinson watch he . collinson ( carefully ) : I have only admire she from afar but ... I have say she 's the type that ... hurt easily . Brock seem not to hear he . so he go on pour out the drink . brock : colly — be there any rat ? collinson : where ? brock : in the end room ? collinson : no. brock : no sign there have be any ? collinson : rat would not have leave that spam . they have have chew that tin open in no time . brock : they could do that ? collinson : the tooth of a hungry rat here — he pass Brock he glass . brock : cheer . ( he glance at collinson 's report ) I have get some work to finish too . I might stop over tonight . collinson : break in the director 's suite a bit ? ( Brock nod absently . collinson drink and watch he , notice he quietness ) I be up in town last week . dropped in on the legal department . one or two thing I want to clear up about the house here — covenant and so on . they have get box and box of stuff — pass over by the trustee , I suppose . I bring one back . ( Brock be still show no attention . collinson dig out a ancient document box and squeak it open ) one or two curiosity in it . how do you like this ? ( he take out a document ) application for the hold of a service of exorcism . brock : what ! collinson : August 1892 . brock : let I see — he grab the document . collinson follow it with a thin ledger . collinson : full record of the alleged haunt . evidence , I suppose . brock : louisa hank — collinson : that be she . there 's even a report of she death . he pass Brock a newspaper cut . brock : 1890 — collinson : two year before . brock : '' sad mishap at taskerland . louisa hank , a under may in the employ of Mr Horace tasker , yesterday fall to she death from a flight of step while engage about she duty '' . that 's all . collinson : pretty good press for a under - may in that day . Brock stare at he . brock : and they think that she — ? collinson : more than think . they keep a note of all the time and date , go on do it for age afterwards . you see , the ghost - lay do not take . Brock look from the ledger to the document . to the cut ... back to collinson 's steady face . brock : have you see it ? collinson shake he head . collinson : only hear . brockas suite — office , night Brock be walk uneasily about he office . everything in he resist the idea. on the other hand — he go to the window and look down into the dark forecourt . he can see the light window of the caravan . more by way of fidget than from any urgent need to communicate , he pick up the phone and press button . brock : christine ... look , honey , I be still at this place , I will not be home ... oh , the move , various buffoonery . it 's all right , I have eat . all I should . how 's whatsisname , the horse ... yes , chuffy ... it be that hoof ? aha ... oh , good . Love to the kid , then . he put the phone down . and sit frown . and come to a decision . he pull he jacket on and hurry out . entrance hall and passage the stairway that descend beside the lift shaft be narrow , light by temporary fixture . Brock come down . at the foot of the stair he stand by the desert reception desk and listen . not a sound . he move slowly along the dim passage , put he foot down as quietly as he can without make a performance of it . the door of the storage room be shut . he stand by it and listen again . for a few second there be no sound ... then the same rapid patter Jill hear , that might come from the foot of a very small human or a very large rat . he put he hand to the doorknob . in the same instant there be a cry — again the same that Jill experience , a hoarse rasp . it be almost as if he have cause it . he instinctively take he hand from the knob for a moment . then he grip it firmly . . no sound ... and throw the door open . as he fumble for the light switch there be a little rush of noise ... the patter , the cry , very faint . at the click of the switch it all cease . he look round the storage room . he see nothing move . a quantity of panell have be rip out by the workmen and leave on the floor . then the sound come again . the patter — and , curiously close , the cry : a short , denature screech , almost in he ear . it come again ... and again . Brock back away . the laboratory — day colour indicator lamp be flash on a '' breadboard '' — a rough experimental lash - up of electronic component and print circuit . maudsley be make adjustment to the control on a temporary panel , while Dow take note . Eddie holme have one eye to a optical tube with many large- handle but delicate adjuster . it be support in a frame that be grip tight in a vice . a couple of foot in front of he , clamp to the same frame , be a kind of crystalline box , a thing of exquisite complexity . Eddie be peer into the heart of the box . eddie : try go down two nanosecond . maudsley : down two . Eddie 's other eye be open too but train to ignore that it see . it ignore the lab door open and Brock come in , follow by Jill . brock : I have get something to tell you all . ( Eddie look up with both eye . he rub they . Brock look deliberately round the room , wait for face to lift from apparatus ) we have get a ghost ! for a moment , nobody know how to take the announcement . whether he be expect a laugh or not . eddie : I be glad to hear it , Peter . maudsley : every home should have one . hargrave : every stately home . eddie : have I worried , the lack of class . collinson come in . Brock turn to he . collinson : not a chance . brock : talk to they yourself ? collinson : I do . push it any further and there will be a general walk - out . brock : that 's it , then . he turn to the other . they be even more puzzle . eddie : what 's this about , Peter ? stew : do you say ghost ? brock : silly word , do not be put off . we could call it a phenomenon or something . anyway it 's real . it 's get possession of the computer storage room and it 's stop all work there . collinson : the man will not go back . stew : they be go on about something in the canteen — dow : yes . I think it be the muck . stew : I wonder . brock : whatever it be in there I have hear it . colly 's hear it . and Jill 's see it . eddie : Jill — stew : that what get you ? jill : yes. stew : what do you see ? jill : a woman . maudsley : oh , come off it ! eddie : she be not kid . brock : none of we be . they do not know how to react . maudsley give a nervous giggle . stew : let 's go in there hargrave : why not ? I be ready — brock : all right . thanks for the enthusiasm because I intend to use it . stew : eh? eddie : what d1 you mean ? brock : they once have a go at it with bell , book and candle . well — we be rather better equip . ( he let this sink in ) I be go to chuck the lot at it . eddie : go after it with — electronics and — and — brock : find out exactly what make it — well , it do not tick , it patter its foot and screech . everything we get Jill 's go to program in the computer . eddie : analyse a spook ? brock : say it 's ... a mass of data wait for a correct interpretation . nobody 's ever manage it . I think we might . collinson glance at Jill 's tight , strain face . collinson : can you spare the time ? brock : no choice , colly . it 's get we stick ... inside the storage room — day something be hurl through from the passage , to land twist like a heavy snake on the floor . it be a heavy cable with a multi-outlet head . maudsley : ta. he plug in a large tape-recorder . nearby , Dow be sorting out microphone , include a parabolic reflector . dow : which mike , Pete ? brock : stereo . ( to Jill ) where do you see it ? jill : near the top of the step . the panell have be stripped from the end wall , expose the step , and from about half the remainder of the room . it reveal a bare stone wall with a row of large joist hole about half - way up . brock : where she fall off . jill : there must have be a upper floor . where that hole be . d’you think she be go up to it ? collinson : no. this be a total ruin when tasker buy . it 's all in the deed . he just roofed it and patch it and make it part of he house . a sort of folly . jill : then — where be she go ? brock : probably a big aspidistra at the top and she have to water it . jill : and die . brock : odd , that . you have have think she have just break a leg or something . it 's not high enough . jill : High enough for poor louisa . and then ... they panell the place over . to hide it all . they be all watch she . rational by temperament and training , they be nevertheless uneasy in this place . there be something about its atmosphere that disturb . eddie : there 's a big echo in here . we ought to measure it . something to make a loud noise with ? ( at the table ) what 's all this ? jill : spam . eddie : eh? somebody feed the ghost ? he grin at she but the idea be not funny . tt hit she . item click together in she mind . jill ( almost a whisper ) : perhaps they be . Eddie thump a rusty tin on the table but reject the idea . he go on testing possible object while Dow listen through he headphone . hargrave point the parabolic reflector hopefully at the step and lock it off . hargrave : now we wait . think I will get my coat . maudsley : get mine , will you ? stew ( give they a sour look ) : oh spare we . hargrave : what ? stew : this act , the ghostly shiver . hargrave : no act . maudsley : it 's just — chilly . do not you feel it ? stew : do you mind ! then he notice Jill . she be tremble , tightening she arm round herself . Eddie have improvise a clapper board out of two piece of batten from a pack case . he smack they sharply together . the percussion echoe through the room . eddie : how 's that ? dow : okay , I will take it . ( he switch the recorder on and speak into the microphone ) test room wavelength . take one . Eddie produce another clash of metal ... it echoe noticeably ... then , after a few second , another percussion . jill : stop it . oh stop it — ! brock : that 's enough , Eddie . through they very voice come the harsh rasp screech . it repeat several time in rapid succession . there be wild excitement . the sound seem to break out in half a dozen place . they twist and turn to locate it . then it be go — in a single rapid patter of footstep . they be leave stare at each other . hargrave : that be it ! that be it ! brock : it be by the step . hargrave ( point down the room ) : no , over that way . eddie : it be by the door . maudsley : no , it be not . eddie : distinctly . they be all argue and point ; almost a nervous reaction . stew : what do you hear ? eddie : it be over there ! I be not crazy ! maudsley : you could hardly hear it . eddie : it be deafen ! brock : it be not loud . eddie : not loud ? I hear it ! brock : just close . hargrave : hi , that 's right . brock : no perspective on it . stew ( to maudsley ) : what do you hear ? maudsley ( shrugging ) : not much . stew : I do not hear anything . jill : I see she . again . this stop the argument . brock : same place ? jill : no , there . ( she point to the middle of the room . instinctively they turn to look at the spot ) Black clothes . eddie : solid ? jill : yes , quite solid . brock : be she move ? jill : I think so . there be something the matter . the way she move — brock : how ? jill : sort of — twist . Brock look at the other . nobody have anything to add . brock : let 's hear it again . cliff — Dow turn the recorder spool back and switch on . dow 's voice ( record ) : test room wavelength . take one . they hear the test sound Eddie make and the two other voice cut in . jill 's voice : stop it . oh stop it — brock 's voice : that 's enough , Eddie . then — silence , apart from small human exclamation . eddie : she 's not there . she do not record . dow : I hear she in my headphone . I do not get this . eddie : let I check that thing . he crouch by the recorder . uneasy glance be exchange . hargrave : she get away ... the laboratory — day more apparatus be be wheeled out of the laboratory towards the storage room : a tv monitor , tv camera , thermographs . Jill slump into she chair at the programming desk . collinson be with she . jill : it 's the scream . collinson : yes. jill : could you hear it from the caravan ? collinson : no , only if I go to the room . but I — well , I just can not take a woman 's scream . jill : soft-heart . collinson : I be with my wife in a car crash . jill : kill ? collinson : no. we divorced . might have have something to do with it . this be even worse in a way . jill : worse ? collinson : a live person in that pain , you can try to help they . here — you can not . ( Jill cover she face ) , — I be go to be very old and stuffy and say drop the whole thing . jill : no. collinson : if you really see something it must mean — extra sensitivity . jill : I be a medium ? collinson : that make it sound — jill : knock on the table , one for yes , two for no . collinson : I be serious . she see the concern in he face . then Brock arrive with stew. brock ( to stew ) : get all colly 's data on file . and stand by to take real time from next door . stew ( switch on he teleprinter ) : okay . brock : Jill , can you start block something out ? heuristic stuff , really wild ? ( he glance at the tape storage unit ) that will not touch it . Book time on the central computer . if you need it , go through to Chicago . all in code , colly , it stay we little secret . collinson : who pay ? brock : himself . sure hold love it if he know ! ( collinson pass stew the old ledger and a plastic folder of neatly type note ) full record of the first five year from 1890 . also the past six month . stew : what about the bit in between ? the odd eighty year ? brock : we have get a witness ... half a hour later in the storage room Alan be stand in the doorway of the storage room . he look thoroughly bewilder . the room seem to be full of apparatus . blank monitor screen flicker . Eddie and the other be tend and adjust and improvise . alan : cameras ? what 's all this stuff ? what 's it for ? brock : I tell you — ignore it . alan : I do not want to come . brock : a few simple question . that will not take long . ( Alan do not move from the doorway ) remember this room ? alan : I be just a kid . brock : you do come in here ? alan : I suppose so . brock : you be not sure ? alan : well , I do , then as if to prove it , he come forward now . brock : how often ? alan ( evasively ) : we — we know we be not rightly mean — brock : how many time ? alan : I dunno . brock : in a year , say ? alan : ten time . a dozen . brock : you say between 1952 and 1955 . alan : yes. brock : maybe a total of thirty visit ? ( Alan nod . Brock turn to the nearest microphone ) get that , stew ? inside the laboratory stew and Jill be work at the computer . stew lean across the teleprinter desk to a microphone . stew : I get it . brockas voice ( through speaker ) : fill in the model a bit . the teleprinter key rattle beneath stew 's finger . inside the storage room Brock turn back to Alan . brock : and you hear — rat ? alan : sometimes . brock : only sometimes ? alan : nearly every time , if we wait . inside the laboratory brockas voice ( through speaker ) : nearly every time . Jill look at stew . he nod and keep on type it in . inside the storage room alan : we make this dare out of it , see ? Old rat be dirty customer . they will go for you . we use to fool about all over this house . smash it up a bit you know . brock : you be a country lad . you know the sound rat make . alan ( ignore this ) : I reckon we must have bust all the window . Real bad , we be . use to see who could find a pane of glass still whole and — smash 's cost you a lot to put tem back , do it ? ( he be talk faster , suddenly urgent ) I better go now . there will be trouble if l do not get back . that old cow down there , she — ( he break off , listen . the other notice something too . maudsley shiver . Dow tense and make a dive for the parabolic reflector . all of they sense the chill : Brock ... Eddie ... Alan ) I reckon I will just get along . but he have hardly turn to go when there be a rapid patter ... a single rasp cry . inside the laboratory no sound come through the speaker but Jill react . jill ( turn to stew ) : it 's there ! can not you hear it ? inside the storage room the screech come again and again . Alan stand paralyse as Eddie and the other try to bring they apparatus to bear . cameras be swing on they tripod . microphone scan the room . Alan stand stare at Brock . suddenly he crack . with a strangle exclamation he turn and bolt . he collide with maudsley . he push Dow out of he way , trip over a cable and fall against a thermograph tripod . he go down with it . then he be crawl towards the doorway , frantic with terror . the entrance hall Alan drag himself along the passage , try to regain he foot but blood be spilling from a cut above one eye and he look . half stunne — only drive on by animal fear . as he sway against the wall Jill throw the lab door open . he jerk away from the sudden movement . he stumble past the reception desk and the pop-ey sergeant — and drop to he knee , try to wipe the blood out of he eye . as Jill catch he up he peer round to see who or what it be . alan : do not want to be — like Jackie — Brock appear in the passage , to find Jill crouching by Alan and the sergeant run to help . brock : all right . it 's over . sergeant : what happen , sir ? brock : get some water — whisky — anything — ( as the sergeant hurry off , he make for Alan ) you never go into that room . do you ? alan : I do . brock : you be lie . jill : Peter — brock : you stay at the door and listen . you know what it be . jill : leave he alone ! brock : you be afraid of it . jill : why not ? why should not he be ? it 's a normal human reaction . he 's the sane one ! we be the freak ! Brock turn quickly down the passage . inside the storage room Dow be play a tape recording back and get only a confusion of bump and scuffles and shout . he look up as Brock return , and shake he head . Eddie be watch a wildly swinging playback image on a monitor screen . eddie ( turn to Brock ) : nothing . Alan 's panic have bring something to the surface in they all . he have act out the secret fear they suppress , and it need more effort to keep a rational view of this unrecordable thing . the entrance hall the sergeant have bring water in a jug , and a glass . Alan have drunk some . Jill be wash the cut on he face . jill : what happen to Jackie ? alan : eh? jill : you say just now — alan : we never do nothing to he . it be the door get stick . that door . jill : he be inside the room ? alan ( nodd ) : we never mean — we could not help it , could we ? ( his face be suddenly suffuse with guilt ) he 's all right , old Jackie . jill : do he ... see it ? alan ( after a moment ) : he make out it speak to he . and then ... the other come . jill ( chill ) : other ? alan : just he talk , see . jill : what happen to he ? alan : he 's all right . get this job , have not he ? jill : can I meet he ? alan : what for ? he do not remember . ( she stare at he ) they take he up the County . jill : where ? alan : the County . you know . they put he right . they can do that . he do not care a button , he just laugh . all the time . he 's all right . she can say nothing . see Brock return , Alan move off abruptly and head for the outer door . brock ( call ) : wait a minute — I will get a car to take you — jill ( fiercely ) : let he go ! then Alan have go . they look at each other . Brock be show the same strain as the rest of he team . the phone ring on the reception desk , grate raw nerve . sergeant ( answer it ) : reception ... yes , he be . ( to Brock ) Mr Ryan 's office . it be like a cold douche . Brock take the phone . brock : Brock ... oh ... helen , my love , how be you ?... yes , we be settling in nicely ... ( alarm ) mcalister ? but — that 's all be settle , there 's no question of — there 's no room for he here !... ( alarm subside ) talk to he ? well ... I just do not want to see the man , I be in the middle of a experiment . look , be he there ? ( he manage a grisly jocularity ) himself , th’ould grey widow maker ? ... I see , when 's he back ?... all right , then , under duress . tomorrow . ' bye . ( he put the phone down ) Hell ! jill : experiment ... the laboratory — day a display screen flicker . tiny flick of blue light jump up and hold , building into a irregular graph -like pattern . jill : I do not know what you have call that . the time since she die . brock : quasi-life . jill : all right , she quasi-life . during it she must have make eight thousand appearance , minimum . brock : sound only ? jill : yes . in vision , about a tenth as many . Eddie and the other be gather round to watch . there be a curious tension grow in they , a sense of the rational put under severe strain . eddie : sound a hell of a lot . jill : spread over all that year , it be not . and there 's a cyclic factor . burst of activity . she indicate the peak of the display . brock : 1905 look a good year . all round there . jill : the time of the letter . brock : yes ... it could have be . stew : what letter ? brock : one to Father Christmas except that it be not . jill : from Martin tasker age 8 . later to die a recluse . Brock move aside for the other to inspect the display . brock : see they ? patch of concentrate haunt . eddie : let 's scrap that word . brock : haunt ? eddie : yes. maudsley : it blow Eddie 's mind . eddie : it get in the way . like the jokey talk . maudsley : saw a ghost eat toast halfway up a lamp post ! eddie ( round on he ) : shut up ! the tension have thicken . brock : Eddie 's right . let 's cut out all the load word . ghost ... spook ... apparition ... phantom . eddie : Supernatural . brock : yes , that 's a beauty . spectre ... wraith ... spirit . hargrave : like a rollcall brock : this be not a little shade that could not get into heaven because the pearly gate be shut . it 's something else , something interesting . a tiny silence . jill : you do not want she to be alive . eddie : do you think it be ? jill : no. eddie : well , then — jill : I might be wrong . brock : be anybody religious ? jill : I do not mean that . just — respect . for she , I suppose . maudsley : Old louisa ? jill : she be not old , she be nineteen . Brock give she a long hard look . brock : you have demolish she ! I know you , love , I know how you mind work . you be on the track of something that serve she up as a very dry dish indeed — and you feel funny about it . come on . give ! jill ( hesitantly ) : it 's just the first rough model . ( she flip a switch . a wide coil of paper chatter and spill from the line printer ) I take the sudden coldness as basic . a temperature drop of at least three degree or we would not notice it . eddie : Fair enough . jill : take the volume of air in that room — and vary time from ten to ninety second — what we get be a power flow between 20 and 200 kilowatt a minute . eddie : a heat pump . stew : a furnace in reverse ! Brock study the print- out . jill : Peter you see what 's come out there ? heat draw rapidly from the surroundings and concentrate . eddie : ionisation ? brock : hot spot form in the air . eddie : like — fireballs . brock : convert into other form of energy — sound wave — light ... ( doubtfully ) it have be quite a process . crude energy form itself into regular , recognisable pattern . I do not know .. . eddie : let 's make a practical start . search for this — hot spot , see if they exist . stew ( amused ) : hot spot . maudsley : ay , ay , Eddie . dow : dirty old man . eddie ( eagerly ) : we have get heat sensor — we can do it . two stage — a wide scan , then home in . it 's the crossover stage — we can improvise there — ( already on the move , he turn impatiently ) come on , then ! dow ( as he follow ) : hot spot . maudsley : carry I to the kasbah . Jill watch they go , jill : well , Eddie busy it ... inside the storage room — day a thermograph detector be be slowly pan on a tripod by maudsley . Eddie and the other be set up black box improvise out of use canteen container , with trail wire and small lamp sprout . Eddie place one on the top step . eddie : early warning . any quick temperature change — this lamp come on . half a dozen altogether , that should cover the — turn to point the other out to Brock , stand below , he nearly slip off the wear step . brock : watch it ! eddie ( steadying himself ) : follow in louisa 's footstep ! brock : one 's enough ... inside the laboratory stew and Jill be work slowly through a data routine . stew : I do not buy it either . I have never feel cold in there . Jill break off and swivel to face he . jill : never once ? stew : not a goose -pimple . jill : but — you be skinny . you be a natural shiverer . stew : yeah . wrap up warm , stew , I mum always say . ( he frown at he work ) struck another bug . jill : okay . re-run . stew press key . the teleprinter start type out its data so far . Brock come in . brock : how 's it go ? try more variable ? jill : there be some we miss . brock : such as ? jill : the strength of people 's reaction . brock : to it ? jill : everybody 's be different . one hear hardly at all . why ? brock : it 's what you have expect . strength of eyesight or hearing . jill : what about stew ? stew : I still do not get a thing . brock : okay , you be ghostproof . like colourblind . jill : good . I be run a fresh program . I be go to put he in it . brock : what ? jill : I be run stew in it as a parameter . stew : Fame at last . brock : what 's the idea ? jill : he 's significant . brock : how ? stew : do not mind I . but Jill 's intensity grip Brock . jill : suppose ... stew be you only witness . in that case , would she ... walk ? d' you see what I mean ? would — she — walk — for — he ? Brock begin to get it ... inside the storage room rapid footstep patter in the storage room . this time they seem to run the whole length of it . maudsley swing a thermograph scanner wildly , try to follow the sound . Eddie scramble to help he . Dow be aim the parabolic microphone in another direction . Brock and hargrave be busy with more thermographs . but all the monitor screen feed by this machine remain blank . Jill come into the doorway with stew . a harsh rasp squeal . the footstep break into half a dozen crossing pattern suddenly Jill see it : a black figure at the foot of the step , claw its way up as if in slow motion , somehow almost paralyse . jill : look ! hargrave see it too . hargrave ( point ) : there it be ! ( Brock abandon he thermograph . he see nothing . the step be empty ) it be there ! right there ! sort of creep ! you must have see she ! he run to the spot as if he expect to find some trace and turn to they , baffle . brock : just you and Jill . eddie ( bitterly ) : no warning ! ( he snatch up one of he black box and breathes noisily , angrily , on the element . it instantly light up ) oh , it work now ! he shake the thing until the content rattle . Brock look round . stew be still stand in the doorway . meeting Brock 's eye , he shake he head . Brock turn to Jill . she be stand stiffly , control herself with a effort . jill : I see she face this time . she 's frighten ...! brockas suite — live quarter , night Jill sit hunch over a drink . Brock be get one for himself . jill : she 's run from something . brock : the footstep . jill : always run . brock : probably old tasker come to pinch she bum . Three time round the table and the girl be mine , ha , ha. jill ( emotionally ) : she die ! brock : it 's really get to you . ( that do it . she rub and dab at she face as tear start stream ) ... Jill . jill : oh , Peter — to be afraid like that ! he sit and pull she to he . she be shaking . brock : be you afraid ? of all this ? jill : no. I do not think so — brock : what , then ? jill ( with difficulty ) : it 's — the think of it . of there be nothing leave of you but — just enough to repeat the worst moment of you life over and over again ! brock : that do not happen . jill : but if it do — if she know — brock : look , love , we talk about it . we all agree — jill : could there be anything there that know ? brock : not in my book . jill : just — a dead mechanism ? brock : that 's all that 's leave . jill : it 's horrible . but it 's better than know . I could not bear it if she know ! he stroke she , gentle she . brock : all right , love . he kiss she but she be still tense and obsessed . jill : to be so alone — she look at he with horror behind she eye . brock ( firmly ) : all right , that 's it . you have say it and get it over . you moment of superstition . jill : it be not . she be calmer now . for a moment or two longer he keep he arm round she . the tension be lessen , but slowly . brock : what you need be another drink . ( he pick up she empty glass . as he go to fill it the phone ring ) oh , hell ! ( he try to ignore it but it go on ringing . he answer it ) hello ? christine , darling , I mean to ring before but you know - problem . well , something slightly interesting for once . I will tell you all about it when I ... probably tomorrow . ( Jill be on she foot . he flap a detain hand at she ) kid in bed be they ? ... be she ? give she my biggest kiss ... a what ? a draw ? I can not wait . ( Jill make for the door . his back be turn and he do not notice ) listen , about chuffy ... be it inside the hoof ? ... what do the vet say ... ? Jill slip out . the storage room — night Jill slowly open the door of the storage room . a face turn to she . it be stew , sit there alone by the dim flicker of blank monitor screen . keeping a self-impose watch . he shrug . jill ( after a moment ) : she 's about . I can tell ... brockas suite — office , next day the sergeant open the door . sergeant : Mr mcalister , sir . mcalister come in — a tall , talentless mechanic of relentlessly honest demeanour . mcalister : hello , Brock . ( the hand he extend be , disturbingly , bright scarlet . so be he other one ) Excuse the red hand , I have be do dye test , in very inadequate condition . ( they shake , very briefly ) you have never be to my place at slough . hardly more than a shed . Brock indicate a chair . mcalister sit — sink down and down almost to floor level . mcalister ( cannily ) : the interview chair . brock : do the test yourself ? mcalister : all of they . brock : be that so ? mcalister ( proudly ) : I make it a rule . brock : never delegate ? mcalister : responsibility ? never . brock : no. mcalister : I be a plain nut - and -bolt man . brock : a what ? mcalister : my own hand . brock ( thoughtfully ) : held like that . mcalister : who ? brock : Old Patrick . he be a...nut - and -bolt man himself once . start with electric iron . mcalister : I know . brock : of course you do . a good ploy . mcalister : I do not like that word . brock : gambit , then . mcalister ( guardedly ) : he say we should have a talk . brock : we be have it . mcalister : meaningful . brock : no. mcalister : eh? brock : not meaningful . since we be be fussy about word , that 's not one he use . a tiny unstate bluff be be call . it have to do with who know Ryan better . it be resolve by mcalister suddenly look humbler . mcalister : Brock — I need more work space . this place be enormous . now if I could just look round it — brock ( stiffening ) : I be sorry . mcalister : some room you be not use — brock : not a chance . mcalister : look — let I tell you about my project , then you will see — brock : I know . the world 's machine . mcalister : domestic — brock : domestic . the first to sort its own wash and program itself . the first to sniff out item with nonfast dye and reject ’em . etcetera , etcetera . mcalister ( red hand raise ) : it will do all that ! brock : when it work . mcalister : it will ! brock : when it do ... that triumph of over - sophistication will cost nine hundred nicker per machine ! just to make ! mcalister : that 's a lie ! brock : I have see the costing . mcalister : where ? who show they to you ? brock : guess . ( brogue ) ah , we will not beat would nippon with the like of this , at all , at all ! mcalister ( choke ) : he would not say that . brock : he do . he see the point . this place be for fundamental research , not for patching dud . mcalister : he — he would not have send I down here — brock : for I to tell you . yes , he would . he 's get a kind heart . I have not . right — chat over . he go to the door . mcalister : no , listen to I — brock : no more time . mcalister : please — he follow Brock out . the entrance hall mcalister follow Brock down the stair . mcalister : you can not possibly use all this — brock : I can . I need every inch . mcalister : it 's like Buckingham Palace — brock : for a top -class research team . you see , I will delegate everything to they . they will carry out all test . that 's the right way . ( he glance down the passage . the door of the storage room be shut and Eddie be on guard outside it , ostensibly unpack something ) now , you will excuse I if I do not show you to you car . sergeant , will you please — as if under escort , the glower mcalister make for the front door with the sergeant . Brock turn to the lab . Eddie join he . the laboratory a expectant group be already gather round the computer , where Jill be complete she first model of the new program . jill : the nature of observe reality . that 's what this program take in . maudsley : Old philosophy stuff . jill : it might apply to she . brock : how do that rhyme go ... ? '' there once be a man who say , God must think it exceedingly odd that the sycamore tree continue to be when there 's no one about in the quad . '' eddie : do she walk when there 's nobody there ? brock : that 's it . eddie : make a hell of a difference to the number of time . all that year when the house be empty . Jill flip the switch of the line printer . it spill out its high -speed report . stew : version with add Stewart . Brock and Jill study it . almost immediately something strike he . he point it out to she , then relate it to a second item . jill : oh no . ( Brock rip the roll off I to study it on he own ) — I do not spot that . I should have do . I just do not spot the connection . eddie : let 's have it . brock ( excitedly ) : if this mean anything — jill : let 's start again . brock : why ? jill : it 's wrong . brock : why ? jill : it must be . brock : no . I like this . it 's get the making . it have . ( to Jill ) it 's what you really want . you shape it this way . jill : I do not — brock : you could not help it , love . the old intuition — right on the button . eddie : for pity 's sake — brock : beautifully simple . jill : I will run it again . eddie : Peter ! brock : it 's the room . eddie : what ? brock : just the room itself , nothing else . yes , this be better , it have to be right . eddie : Peter , d 's you mind tell — brock : there be no ... ghost . a small burst of surprise , even indignation . the other : but it 's there ! I hear it ! I see it ! what 's he mean ? brock : try this for size . it hold a image — and when people go in there they pick it up . what you hear or what you see be inside you own brain ! eddie ( frown ) : oh no — brock : that have be why the sound do not echo and we can not locate they . that 's d be why they don not record . no machine hear they . dow : I get they in my headphone . brock : you get they in you head . eddie : what about the hot spot ? brock : forget they , Eddie . eddie : I mean , the whole temperature thing — brock : there be not any . eddie : look , I know when I be cold — brock : the body 's reaction — like allergy , and just as quick . you whole physiology 's affect . hargrave : by what ? brock : by what 's in there . eddie : but I think you say — brock : do not you get it yet ? it must work like ... a recording . fix in the floor and the wall , right in the substance of they . a trace ... of what happen in there . and we pick it up . we act as detector — decoder — amplifier . eddie : a recording . brock : it have have to be in the stone . eddie : I wonder . hargrave : some kind of natural process ? dow : but freaky . brock : perhaps it only occur under extreme condition . some kind of — extreme human output . emotion . terror . and that print off . maudsley : like — the shadow of people from the big bomb blast . dow : yes. eddie : and we be — sensitive to it . stew : what about I ? brock : you ? you have get no playback , that 's all . some transistor miss . you be the exception to prove the rule , thank God . ( his grin grow wider ) I be wait for the new penny to drop . if I be right — this could be it . the Big one ! jill ( quietly ) : a new recording medium . brock : the boot in the gut for would nippon ! jill : if it 's true — brock : if it 's true , you find it ! he kiss she . it set off something like a goal - scoring reaction . cowboy yippee . cheer . suddenly everybody be try to kiss Jill ... brockas suite — office — day hospitality glass be clashed in a toast . hospitality drink be be down . a lot of noise . Brock push a glass into the hand of the bemuse collinson , who have just join they . brock : colly — we be wetting the head of a idea ! it could be the Big one ! collinson : my God ! Brock have have several drink and they seem only to have increase he excitement . he grab Jill . brock : I be certain of it , love ! the more I kick it around ! direct injection into the human brain of both sound and vision — no intervene apparatus ! jill : I read about some research — brock : the jap , of course . but blind end — they get nowhere ! it 's go to be ours ! Television without the telly set ! no box — not even a visor in front of you eye — hargrave : just a sort of clip — brock : costume jewellery — the 13 - channel earring ! stew and maudsley loom in , gibber jap-english through protrude paper tooth . stew : honourable nippon have meet great defeat ! maudsley : go now to cut honourable belly ! stew : Berry ! ( take tooth out ) he could not say belly — ~ dow : but when it go wrong the repairman have have to operate on you head brock : do not mention that — not in the sale brochure ! keep it positive . ( he have he arm round Jill . he tap , a imaginary control on she temple ) coronation Street ! ( tap ) double you money ! ( tap ) come Dancing ! ( tap ) War and peace ~ ! ( tap ) porn Channel one ! ( tap ) porn Channel two 's jill : I be go mad brock : that 's all right — ( tap ) — Channel 10 , Home Doctor ! ( tap ) political laugh - in ! ( tap ) the hard -core show ! ( tap ) urban guerilla 's do- it - yourself — hargrave : hi , listen — brock : come on , let 's have it ! hargrave : no , the phone — it 's ringing — it be , almost drown by they noise . Brock make he way to the desk and answer it . brock : hello ? who ? yes , Brock speak !... helen — just a second . ( press a hold button , he turn to the other ) shut up a bit . he make for the other room . they quieten . the door shut . he pick up the extension phone . brock : okay , put he on ... hello , Patrick ... Fine , fine . I have be meaning to ring you . I tell mcalister the fact of life this morning , as I gather you want I to ... oh , have he ? . . . give he time , it will sink in . yes . . . yes ... it 's what you have always say , fundamental research or nothing . ( a pause . he suddenly look grey ) but surely ... we settle all that . Patrick . . but look here — ( he suddenly have no choice . he have to play the card ) Patrick , the proof of it ... listen , though ... please will you listen to I ! I think we have get it ! well — the Big one ! ( delighted exclamation at the other end . he grin , confidence come back fast ) yes ! yes ! the storage room — later that day Brock and collinson be peer at a patch of stonework in the lower part of the wall . collinson : it 's call kentish rag . brock : kentish what ? collinson : rag. brock : joke time 's over . collinson : all right , ragstone . it 's a kind of greensand . he pick up a crowbar and start prise at it . the other member of the team sit watch with a kind of greed . all awe of the place have go . brock : be it rare ? collinson : good grief , no . it 's be quarry since Roman time . use all over the south of England . most of medieval London be build of this stuff . brock : better and better ! collinson : how ? brock : it might explain a lot of — ghost storey . collinson : see what you mean . brock : colly , it all keep click together ! the laboratory Jill be check back the program with furious concentration . stew : found the snag yet ? jill : no. stew : think there be one ? jill : it 's beginning to look ... as if he 's right . the storage room collinson 's crowbar dislodge a piece of stone . he show it to Brock . collinson : crumbly stuff . that 's why they stop use it in the end . this be well weathered . brock : penetrated . collinson : deeply . algae — mould — bacterial action . they all come into it . brock : the protein medium , Eddie ? eddie : maybe . brock : we chase that for a long time too . he stiffen . the other notice it too but this time they wait with a new kind of expectation . quite calmly . Eddie take he own pulse . then — the rapid patter . a rasp screech . the laboratory there be no sound here but the soft clatter of stew 's teleprinter . but Jill break off , listen . the storage room the sound die away . they look at each other , detach observer . hargrave : I see it again . a fraction of a second . collinson : I seem to be get word . brock : word — hargrave : yes , I wonder too . collinson : could not make they out . Brock be strangely , quietly exhilated . he pick up the crowbar and tap it thoughtfully against the wall . brock : vibration . ( turn ) be you game to go on ? eddie : now ? yes. brock : as long as it take . Jill ? stew ? shall we make a night of it ? stew 's voice ( through speaker ) : okay , pete. jill 's voice ( through speaker ) : what do you want to do ? brock : get control . the laboratory jill ( shake ) : not yet — how could we possibly — ? brockas voice ( through speaker ) : the essence of experiment , jilly . put it to the proof ! the storage room — that night in a patch of light , the crowbar creak and grate as Brock lever a piece of stone out — just as collinson do . brock : frequency ? eddie 's voice : Seven forty . brock : right , give I that . ten secs . a dron sound hit the ear at the same frequency as the scraping of the crowbar . the metal horn of a sound projector be point at the spot by maudsley . Eddie crouch over the amplifier control . the sound cut . they wait . brock : ... and another ten . again the drine . Jill and stew be watch from the computer desk which have be set up nearby the doorway . the noise cut . another wait . Brock come hurry across . brock : well ? jill : we have not enough data . brock : we be get data all the time , and building . stew — stew tap key . the teleprinter re-run . Brock study its print , turn quickly to a display monitor nearby . this show a three - dimensional draw of the room itself . Brock make a adjustment and the line jump . . and jump again ... display a different perspective each time . another adjustment — and a spray of radiating line be superimpose to denote the current target area . brock : back to the step . laser plus sound the thin cherry - red beam of a laser flick back and forth across the step , scan they . simultaneously there be a strident intermittent buzz . brock : cut they . the sound stop . White light flood the step . they wait . Brock have a stopwatch in he hand . nothing happen . brock : right . run number 17 . laser plus five second burst . eddie : Peter , what 's the use ? brock : we be on the right track , just keep go . eddie : you have have a — a response ! brock : no. eddie : we have hear it twice tonight . brock : not because of anything we do . it do not relate . it 's get to relate , Eddie . ( he look round the weary face ) okay , break for ten minute . we will get more coffee up . just another hour , if we don I t get anything by then — bear with I ? hargrave ( glumly ) : you be the captain . Brock walk out into the passage . Eddie glare after he as Jill come up he nod after Brock — be there anything she can do , she go doubtfully to see . ten minute later the team be down coffee and microwave snack . they be too tired to talk . Eddie glower down the passage . the entrance hall — night Brock be stand on the stair , lean against the wall . adrenalin and alcohol have leave a odd , inspirational effect . Jill be fight she own weariness , try to sound persuasive . jill : I think you be right . it 's a vibration thing . brock : I know it be . jill : but — Peter , it will take huge program to analyse it . brock : of course . jill : I have like to develop they . brock : fine. jill : then why this — tonight ? brock : I want to pull the trigger , just once . or what the hell be we into — a tape that only play back when it feel like it ? the sheer irrationality of it shock she . jill : you just can not say that — brock : I have get to know ! jill : Peter , I don 's t think any of we be quite — we I have all be under strain — this day here — the more rational we have try to be , the worse — brock : what be you drive at ? jill : we be all past it . brock : not I , love . jill : yes , you . brock : do not say that . do not do it . I have get a feel about this . you get this exact grip on a thing this clarity — only once ever — she be stare at he . jill : what have you — promise Ryan ? the storage room — night a appall screech burst from the horn of the sound projector , pound at the wall as it be swing round . the sound wobble , change frequency with the stridency of a air raid siren , but much faster . then it cut . Brock turn to the other . brock : nobody ? eddie : what 's the use ? brock : nerves jangle ? eddie : what do you think ? brock : that may be good . next — a beam of bluish light swing rapidly across the area of the step . synchronise with it come sharp , separate blast of sound — with something of the effect of a dentist 's drill . Brock watch . like the other , he now wear protective goggle . brock : hold the u.v . on the step ! at the teleprinter , stew have suddenly have all he can take . he cover he ear . Jill move to take over ... now it be flash light , as rapid as a stroboscope , with sound to match . Brock signal . the sound cut . the light be sane again . Eddie stare dazedly about . hargrave have quietly start to cry . but Brock ignore they as he turn again to the computer . it chatter out its report . brock : right . on the next run we will try eddie : stop it ! you do not know what you be do any more brock : follow a logical line . eddie : it 's insane ! brock : quit , then . eddie : what ? brock : get off the project . eddie : Peter brock : get off the entire project ! you can ! eddie ( choke ) : do not talk to I like , that , Peter , not to I the teleprinter chatter again , a line of delay print-out . Brock turn to read it . brock : what the hell — ? jill ( peer ) : that 's not — computer language . brock : it 's you code number . you feed it in . jill : no — brock : you must have do . jill : there be word . they might be word . see — '' pray '' . stew : '' soul '' . that 's '' soul '' there . jill : '' pray . '' '' prayer '' . a deathly hush . then a terrify wail from the demoralise hargrave . hargrave : it 's in the computer ! for a moment the think have they all in its grip . they be past objective think , utterly exhaust . Brock be the first to recover . brock : no — hargrave : it be ! it be ! it 's in there ! Brock grab he and shake he like a rat . brock : you bloody fool ! Jill pick up the word ! you get word yourself — that 's how it work ! I tell you . there be a familiar patter . this time it be fearful to they . eddie ( whisper ) : there it be — brock ( after a moment , insanely ) : come when I tell you ! he lunge towards the sound projector and switch it on . at full volume he swing the horn , blast every part of the room . Jill clap she hand to she ear . people stumble towards the doorway to escape it . the sound go on and on — and seem to change , erupting into a vast grunt that make the whole place shudder . for a moment it seem completely out of control . Brock be shake like a man on a pneumatic drill . then — silence . he stand panting , hardly know what he have do or why . the other drift back . jill : it 's different . brock ( numbe ) : eh? jill : she 's go . brock : what d1 you mean ? jill : completely . I can tell . Eddie totter forward in a kind of grotesque triumph . eddie : I will tell you what he 's do ! d' you know what he 's do ? he 's wipe the tape ! Brock stare blankly at they . maudsley give a sick snigger . otherwise nobody be laugh . they be incapable of it . brock ( mumble ) : thanks ... we will leave it at that . might try ... another run tomorrow . jill : run what ? she 's go ! she have a horror of he , as if she have just watch he commit a murder . Eddie take she by the arm . Brock crouch on the floor . listen and wait ... hour later Brock be still there , watch by the flicker of the blank monitor screen . more and more anxiously ... Dawn , and Brock be still there . still alone . he have drop asleep , lean awkwardly against a monitor . his head droops a little more sideways — and wake he . he pull himself back to consciousness , wonder what wake he . expectant again . but there be nothing ... the entrance hall — day come in next day , Jill find the sergeant look he usual self , at least . sergeant : Morning , miss greeley — or should I say good afternoon ? jill : it 's up to you . ( monitor be be wheeled along the passage from the storage room . collinson be in charge . Jill 's look be a question . he shake he head ) ... he really do it . collinson : I keep away . jill : where be he ? collinson indicate the floor above ... inside brock 's suite — office Brock be huddle in he chair , look too small for it . he be still wrap in a dress - gown and look grey and dishevel . brock ( into phone , wretchedly ) : look , Patrick . I be sorry if I give the impression that we ... perhaps I should not have , then ... no , not back down at all , I just do not want you to waste you time come here and . . .0h , I have ! every confidence ! I know we be on the track of it , we have only get to get the bug out of it ... as always ... what ?... of course you have get a right to . it 's a ... mineral ... medium ... do not pin I down , I can not be more specific at this moment of time ... Patrick , please ! ( desperately ) it — it 's a variant on Eddie holme 's digital crystal — in fact that may turn out to be it after all . I just can not give a technical explanation right now ... of course I will , Patrick . of course . good bye . he put the phone down in a sweat — and see Jill watch , he from the doorway . for a moment or two neither speak . brock : do not say — anything ! it 's over , it 's finish ! if I can just walk away from this one — ! ( worriedly ) he be a funny man , you never quite know ... you can not tell from he voice . just so long as this do not — do not ... he 's devious of course but what the hell . I have see he be treacherous but not to anybody that — anybody that ... no. no . he would not ... the entrance hall Men from a Ryan electrics van which have draw up outside trolley a large , square , canvas - cover object in across the hall towards the reception desk . the laboratory all the apparatus be back in place . Brock , look more or less himself again , be restore confidence to he team . brock : whatever the ... effect be , it be obviously go for good . eddie : obliterate . brock : yes . ( he look at Jill but she say nothing ) now we have have time to take it in — I be glad . it 's what I want to do in the first place . eddie : oh , Peter — ! brock : now , be fair — I do . so let 's regard it as a bit of a nonsense , part of the house - warming . it get out of hand . I plead guilty . but now — the room be clear , we can set it up for computer storage , get on ! I have be work out new schedule — the sergeant look in . sergeant : beg pardon , Sir — brock : what be it ? the entrance hall Brock come from the lab with the other follow curiously . the sergeant point to the canvas -cover object . it loom there like a squat monolith . sergeant : where 's it to go , sir ? with rise apprehension Brock lift a corner of the canvas cover . then he throw it off . the thing reveal be white and shine , with the unmistakable single eye of a wash machine . its top be monstrously swollen to accommodate a mass of special control . brock : mcalister ! ( his stricken eye meet Jill 's ) the old bastard do it ! he do do it ! the laboratory — day later Eddie be peer through he optical tube . his spare eye go to stew as he pass laden with use roll of computer paper . eddie : ready for my data ? stew : just clear the deck . eddie : from the other night ? stew : yeah . eddie : get rid of it . as thing now be , get rid of it fast . stew move on — to where Jill stand poring over more paper print-out . jill : stew . if she simply fall — stew : what have you get there ? jill : the word that come through . why this word ? '' pray '' . . . '' soul '' ... '' pray '' again ... '' prayer '' ... '' save '' . they be nothing to do with fall off step . stew : Jill , forget it . jill : '' save '' ... from what ? stew : forget it . jill ( remember ) : the other ...! ( she frown , think back to what Alan say . then she rip off the print - out ) I be go to show he this . stew : not peter. jill : of course . stew : no , love — not today . jill : what ? stew : the big invasion . mcalister . she hesitates . then she go quickly out . the storage room — day Brock be clutching a large plan as he glower round the storage room . brock : at least he 's not get this . collinson : he will be fine in the other wing . brock ( with satisfaction ) : it 's filthy damp . work on the room be proceeding at last . Workmen be erecting scaffold along the side wall , which have be stripped , like all of they , of remain panell . the place have a bare , industrial look . Brock turn to Jill as she come in . brock : Jill , look at this . location of the store - core unit — jill : I want to show you something . from the other night — brock ( ward off the print - out ) : oh no . no! jill : the word — brock : I do not want to see . I do not want to know ! he move off quickly to confer with the workmen . collinson give she a warning gesture and join he . then it happen . Jill find herself shake by a spasm of tremble — far more violent than any before . as if the strength be be whipped out of she body . she grab at a ladder to steady herself . Brock and collinson be engage in some joke with the workmen , all of they laugh . then — silence . the man be still laugh and talk but without sound . instead , a instant later , a obscene grunt roar . it be overpower . through the continue horror of it Jill can see the man talk and work on , evidently oblivious of it . it simply do not reach they . it end suddenly too . Brock 's laugh be hear again , and the small sound of the scaffold work . collinson happen to turn . collinson : Jill ! Brock turn too and see the state she be in . collinson be the first to reach she . brock : get she out of this — jill : you do not hear it ! ( collinson almost carry she out into the passage ) it be different — this be different ! it 's not she — it 's something else ! Peter — ! brock ( firmly ) : you will have to keep out of this room . it 's the association . jill : it be not brock : stay out of it . jill : let I tell you brock : thing go too far . my fault , I know it be . jill : if you will only — brock : now you have get to rest . unwind . go home and take it easy . we can not have you crack up . jill : Peter — brock : will you do that for I ? ( he glance at he watch ) time ! he hurry towards the entrance hall . collinson ( quietly ) : he 's right , Jill . outside taskerland house — day two strange car pull in outside the front entrance . a old Rover and a viva . from the first mcalister get out . he look twice as tall , swollen with triumph . one of he team be with he , three other get out of the Viva — all of they grey , bully man . as they turn in a body to make they entrance , a lightweight motorbike sputter across the gravel . its rider kick the stand down , beam at they and trot into the house ahead of they . it be the vicar . inside the entrance hall as the vicar enter he spot Brock stand by the reception desk with the air of a general force to ignominious parley . vicar : Mr Brock ! there you be ! ( Brock stare at he blankly ) I have track down that exorcism ! brock : what ? vicar : I go to the museum ! brock ( in horror ) : not now — vicar : and there it be ! brock ( desperately ) : colly — cope , will you — cope , please ! collinson hurry forward . vicar : it be not easy to discover — brock : very kind of you , very helpful , but — just at the moment I have get business ! he turn to face the invader . mcalister lead they with eye gleam and a thin smile . mcalister : well , Brock ? brock : this way . he lead they off towards the spare wing . vicar ( hurt ) : that really be a little short — collinson : you say — a exorcism ? vicar : yes. collinson : he know about it . vicar : oh. collinson : we have the document . 1892 . vicar : when ? oh , no . collinson : it be . vicar : 1760 . Jill come forward . the vicar recognise she , nod and beam . jill : 1760 ? the house be not build then . vicar : indeed not . there be just — some sort of ruin here . nevertheless there have be — complaint , so — a service be perform . quite useless , apparently — that 's if you accept there have be anything there in the first place ... the laboratory — day Jill be work at the teleprinter with feverish concentration when Eddie come up . eddie : Jill , what about tackle mine ? jill : give I a chance . eddie : what be this ? ( he look over she shoulder ) for God 's sake ! do not let Peter see that . we have get work to do . jill ( promise ) : soon , Eddie . Eddie go sourly off . stew move in . stew : well ? jill : it 's the concept of a tape that 's wrong . it 's more like a great depth — a core — stew : the stone . jill : he erase she . but she be only in the surface layer , the most recent . stew : 1890 recent ! jill : there have be much older impression underneath . much deeper . stew : how far be you try to go back ? jill : a long way ... the entrance hall — day Brock and mcalister be come down the stair together as Jill appear from the lab . mcalister : I must have a office . brock ( unhelpfully ) : do what I can — mcalister : I have a great deal of paper work . brock ( meanly ) : cost ? mcalister glare at he . Jill take advantage of the pause . jill : Peter — have you get a moment ? brock ( quickly ) : this be Jill greeley , who program we computer . Robert mcalister . mcalister thrust out a bright blue hand . mcalister : I will have need of you , lassie , and you wee machine . ( he turn he back on she and the pair of they move off rapidly towards the other wing ) I get that crack about cost . let I tell you my machine be viable and I be go to prove it ... Jill be leave stand ... outside taskerland house — day Eddie and some of the other be take a break near the front entrance , idly watch mcalister and a couple of he team unload thing from the van — wash drum , cable , etc . the last man struggle under a burden of dazzlingly dyed sheet — orange , turquoise and cerise . eddie : what do they think they be do ! colour like that ! my wife 's old machine have just spit they out naturally ! stew : that bloke be curious . eddie : you be tell I ! stew : no , I mean — one of they say what be this about a ghost . eddie : oh , be careful — stew : do not worry , I be . Jill come from the house , walk fast . her face be set and desperate . eddie : Jill — he call after she but she go straight on towards the caravan . inside the caravan collinson be work on some papers when Jill throw the caravan door open . jill : colly — they be still work on that room ! collinson : I be glad to say . jill : nobody think there 's anything wrong ? collinson : not ... now . ( he get up , disturb by she expression ) Jill — for whole second she stare in front of she as if she be struggle to focus on something deep in she mind . jill : there must be a... decay . collinson : of what ? Jill , what decay ? jill : whatever 's ... store in the stone . the recording . otherwise ... it have be like perpetual motion , a impossibility . it would have to ... corrode and lose definition - over long enough time it would have to . but then if you boost it — ( shrilly ) colly , I think that 's what he 's do ! collinson : boosted ? jill : some deep - level record , much older . so old and ... shapeless ... collinson : Jill , there 's nothing . jill : I know there be . collinson shake he head . then : collinson : remember I be on you side . jill : you be not any longer ! collinson : sit down and let 's talk — jill : be I the only one ? be i? collinson : Jill — she back away from the concern in he eye . she throw the door open ... inside the laboratory — day Jill be work feverishly at the computer . one by one the other stop the work they be do , till they be all watch she ... brockas suite — office , day folder in hand , Jill look into 's Brock 's encounter a angry argument . Brock be sit hot -ey at he desk . mcalister be shaking a bright green fist in he face . mcalister : — full facility ! I will accept nothing less ! and you can just stuff that up you — up you — er — and — and — and — he shoot a doubtful '' presence - of-lady '' look at the newly import girl secretary who sit nearby with a shorthand pad on she knee . then he blunder out past Jill with a snarl of apology to she . Jill shut the door . Brock 's eye be fix on she . brock ( to the secretary ) : get out . make some coffee . the girl measure Jill with a look and go into the live quarter . jill : I have get to talk to you . brock : if it 's what I think — jill : even if it be . Brock be out of he chair in a moment . he come close , keep he voice down to a furious whisper . brock : you will not give up , will you ! you start this whole thing and you keep it go ! you be determine to ! you be get to enjoy it ! jill : enjoy — ! brock : oh , not healthy yum - yum enjoy . some people like to destroy people , jilly , and you be turn into one . if you can not take I from my family , it 's get to be destruction ! jill : it 's not true ! brock : that creature that just go out of here — that baboon with the dyed hand — he 's get he foot on my neck ! through you ! jill ( desperately ) : Peter — you be right about the recording . ( for a split second he seem to be listen to she ) there be more thing on it . brock : oh no . jill : I can prove it . brock : sweetie , you be into fantasy . jill : you have get to listen ! brock : unless we be careful you could get very sick . you be go on leave . for a month — no , make it two month , start now . jill : I can not — brock : stew can take over , he know the computer . and he 's — levelhead . he 's up to it . jill : Peter — she see he eye and give up . his mind be seal against anything she can say . she turn — and see the secretary watch through a crack in the doorway . brock : Home and rest now ... the laboratory — night the lab be dark , apart from the area of the computer where Jill be work alone . all round she be discard roll of print - out paper . collinson look in , a old mac pull round he , wet with rain . collinson : Jill ! I see the light . what be you do ? she look at he as if she hardly recognise he — then go on tapping at the teleprinter key . he come to she side and peer at what she be do — but he can make nothing of it . jill : I think someone else do know about this . collinson : who ? jill : louisa . he watch she face as she work feverishly on . in a moment she have forget he be there . he turn and go quickly out . the slight sound of the door shutting seem to break she absorption . she sit back in she chair , cover she face . when she look again at the paper roll in the machine , the same result be still there ... the entrance hall — night Jill come out of the lab . she glance up the stair — there be light somewhere above — then turn along the passage towards the storage room . a temporary notice have be stick on the door , crudely lettere : '' keep out , Building work in progress '' . she open the door . she switch the light on . the storage room the storage room be empty , light by a couple of bare bulb . Builders 's equipment lie everywhere and more scaffold have be erect . Jill look about , tense . but everything be aggressively ordinary . she cross to the stone step and consider they . ordinary , too , in the hard light . a workman have leave a batter bucket on one of the lower one and she dislodge it — just to break the silence . it clatter and roll away ... brockas suite — office , night collinson be face a dishevel Brock , who have just pull a dress - gown over he nakedness . brock ( incredulously ) : at this hour ? collinson ( quietly ) : I think she 's have a breakdown . brock : yes . ( the tousle , undress secretary peer out of the darken live quarter . he wave she back ) I send she on leave . collinson : when ? brock : today . I tell she to go . collinson ( amaze ) : just like that ? just — go . brock : what else ? if you feel strongly about it — go with she ! in fact I think you should , you have be under a bit of strain here , all this extra work , you be due for a — collinson : take Jill ? brock : a spot of leave 's what you both need , so why not , the pair of you ? get it all out of you system — the storage room Jill be start back towards the passage when she feel the premonitory chill . but she keep a grip on herself and keep move . the passage be dark , as if the light in the entrance hall have go out . oddly enough , there be two tiny spot of red light — low down and flash alternately like indicator lamp . then bo th glow evenly — and come rush forward at incredible speed , swell in a instant into two eye , yet not eye like that of any live creature , for they keep twist and move on separate course . she stumble back and almost trip over a spade , send it scraping across the concrete . it be the only sound . the eye have go . more movement . she turn — and see shape , or rather shapeless thing move towards she across the open floor with the same incredible speed . jill ( scream ) : Peter ! as if this serve to set it off , the grunt begin — the same huge , unearthly noise she hear here earlier . she start across the floor — in the only direction she can , towards the step . they be hunt she . huge form , terrifying in they very lack of definition , with here and there eye-like dot of red light . they move across the ground with that dreadful speed , quartering it like hound . there be a brute male violence about every movement , a lust to bring down and tear — then she be on the step , press herself against the wall . jill : help I ! help - ! she glance up . the step lead to a upper floor , with light pour down from the open . she claw she way up to reach it . the step beneath she foot be unworn and strong . frantic , she reach the top of they . and there be nothing . no upper floor , not even a roof above she — only the night sky . the whole room have vanish . instead of the wall there be stand stone round a moonlit space . and there the shapeless thing be circle , close in — then she fall . it be a long way down ... the entrance hall normal silence — then Brock and collinson come run down the stair . they look into the lab , then make for the storage room . the storage room Jill be lie on the concrete at the foot of the step . Brock and collinson run to she . her eye be open . she be dead ... the entrance hall — a couple of day later Brock , collinson , Eddie and stew come slowly in through the front door . maudsley and hargrave trail after they . all be soberly dress . the sergeant be miss from he place at the desk . mcalister and one of he team come down the stair . mcalister already look more like a senior executive than a mechanic , and have acquire a plain- look secretary who follow they hold some thick folder . mcalister : what be it ? collinson : accidental death . mcalister give a sour sniff . mcalister : by the by , Brock — that environment boy be back , look for you . brock ( dully ) : oh. mcalister : clap a preservation order on that room , be they ? he go on with he follower towards he own wing . eddie : please with the verdict ? Brock say nothing . eddie : why do you have to say all that ? about she ? brock : her mental state . they have to know . eddie : do they ? brock : look , it be not just the fall that do it , they know that . stew : they say shock . brock : complete vagal inhibition . that 's when - you whole system pack up . she bring it on herself . Eddie give he a look of disgust and turn away to the lab . eddie : I will just get my coat , stew . stew : okay . collinson ( quietly to Brock ) : you be lucky . Eddie reappear indignantly in the lab doorway . eddie : what 's he do in there ! the laboratory the sergeant be stand beside the computer , busy with a paper- shredd machine . he have turn most of the use print out roll into a huge mound of shred . he be feed in the last of they . sergeant : just what I be tell , sir . ask Mr Brock . brock ( enter with the other ) : we have to get rid of it . stew : that 's — what she have just be work on — brock : it have to go . look , I Im not suppress anything — not evidence — it 's all computer language — stew : all she work . collinson ( calmly as ever ) : leave it to I . he motion stew and Eddie out and close the door . the last of the paper be buzze into shred . brock : mad stuff , colly . collinson : it 's go now . brock : you see it ? well , you would not understand it . Seven thousand year , it say ! I mean — insane stuff ! collinson hit he as hard as he can . it be a imperfectly aim blow . it get Brock in the throat , send he sprawling in the shred paper . he lie there , choke and gasp while collinson walk out . the sergeant be at a loss . sergeant ( to collinson ) : look here , sir ! ( he turn to help Brock ) you all right , sir ? be you ? what on earth do he — ? shock behaviour , shocking ! Mr collinson , too ! ( he get Brock to he foot and brushes the cling shred off he ) er ... want I should do anything about he , sir ? Brock shake he head . he rub he bruise throat , breathe hoarsely . he make for the door . the entrance hall the entrance hall be desert . sergeant ( relieved ) : make off , have he , sir ? disgraceful . sure you be all right , sir ? ( Brock nod ) oh , before I forget , they conservation inspector be here again . brock : yes. sergeant : in there along time , sir . they say there would be a summon . when they go one of ‘em say do you know about the room . brock : eh? sergeant : just that , sir . brock : what do he mean ? sergeant : that 's all , sir , just do you know about the room . ( Brock look along the passage ) feel okay now , sir ? brock : yes . thanks . you can go . sergeant : thank you , sir . good night , sir . Brock take out he key . reaching the door , from which the builder 's sign have be remove and a small official - look notice substitute , he put a key into the newly fix lock . the storage room the room look much the same . Builders 's equipment be still scattered about . Brock shiver slightly . as a rational man rejecting any alternative explanation , he button he jacket . he walk across the floor — there be a sudden scream in the air , close by . a woman 's voice , sharp and clear . voice : help I — ! ( he glance round but see nothing ) Peter ! ( he be stung by the unmistakable sound of he name ) help I — Peter — ! brock ( whisper ) : Jill . then it scream again , and again , and again . and there be nothing he can do . except stand there stunne by the knowledge ... that there be a new voice on the stone tape ... ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;