2a second pink revision 5/11/09 1 ext . vast ocean expanse - night the moon and it 's vivid glow be see rise in seamless time lapse photography over the endless undulate body of water . we hear a excerpt from the congo by vachel Lindsay . voice boomlay , boomlay , boom . beware , walk with care , boomlay , boomlay , boom . we be , we be all sinner , yet purer than sin . boomlay , boomlay , boom . 's ext . gulf of aden - night - ( dissolve into ) the moonlight reflect off the calm dark body of water . Way in the distance faint light on shore indicate a hint of the pirate lair know as harardhere . the outline of a anchore 25,000 ton cargo ship ( the chemstar ) be barely discernible . ext . chemstar —- night a 25 foot power boat pull along side the ship and fifteen armed pirate aggressively scramble up several hanging rope ladder . Pov pirate all this action be see through the lens of thermal night vision goggle . lock into the pirate' ' body heat signature , 's the goggle ramp in tighter on the thieve . int . ship - night the heavy door to a large unit storage room swing open revealing the kidnap crew . they be thoroughly exhaust and suffer from dehydration . in very tight unsteady angle we see glimpsis of the somalian pirate charge into the room and yanking hostage to they foot . some be savagely kick and jerk upright by knotted rope that be wrap around they neck . they plead for mercy through they gag . second pink revision 5/11/09 2 ship 's staircase the dark metal staircase reverberate loudly as frenetic shaft of light from the pirate 's flashlight cut through the gloom as the bound hostage be kick and shove down toward the bowel of the ship . ext . - ship the only sound hear be the lapping wave that strike the ship 's side . the tethered pirate 's boat be see in the foreground again , through thermal vision goggle , the ' thermal vision Pov 's move steadily closer . int . - ship the bound hostage be be shove and kick into the center of the ship 's hold . High above the hold be open cargo door that reveal the dark night sky . two pirate stand guard above the ' hold 's watch the hostage be abuse below . wait in the hold be another fifteen pirate who be sit on stack of cargo drink and smoking . the whole environment have the feel of a distort amphitheater whose attendee want blood . ship 's hold the hostage be drag into the center of the metal cargo area . the pirate mock they plea for ' help 's and burn cigarettes and empty Beer bottle be toss at the french men . the surly pirate pass around large joint of marijuana , while gyrate on the stacked cargo . ship upper deck ultra extreme close up of a thermal vision goggle lens as it rise into view . the individual wear they be not see . thermal vision Pov pan around we see the deck be clear . the thermal vision then scan the upper deck of the ship and this area be also clear . the thermal vision image now travel forward toward the cargo hold . a pirate guard seat on the edge of the cargo hold be observe below . 10 13 14 15 second pink revision 5/11/09 3 ship 's hold the pirate leader bellow order and the pirate crew kick the hostage to they knee , while drag they into a straight line . the majority of the surround pirate hurl insult . the leader order another pirate hold a small video camera to begin filming . around they be stack of the cargo , which be salt . the leader pace behind the doom hostage and begin to speak in English , which be the somali 's second language . leader ( accented English ) we have this man too long ! Three month ! too , too long ! now someone here ( eye the hostage ) have to pay ! you company have have so much time to pay ! but you give nothing !! you do not care about you people . do not want they ? then we do not care ! the leader angrily gesture to the pirate beside he . the pirate disdainfully drag a hostage forward and yank he bound hand upward . the gag hostage 's muffle cry for mercy fall on deaf ear . the pirate gang clamor for blood . leader ( play to the camera ) this worker need they hand ! but the owner of this ship do not want to pay ! that mean to I that you do not care for this man anymore . we do not care too . ship 's deck the thermal vision Pov continue to close in on the edge of the cargo hold . int . — cargo hold the pirate leader have step in front of the cower hostage . 17 17a second pink revision 5/11/09 4 leader ( outrage ) the blood they bleed be for you to see ! the leader raise a huge machete from another pirate . ship 's hold the machete be about to descend when they be startle by a yell follow by a black nylon bag that crash heavily to the ship 's floor . full of adrenaline , the pirate aim they array of weapon upward and be about to fire when the red beam from a laser light appear on the leader 's chest . leader ( to he man ) no! ( in somali ) do not shoot !! who be there ? the pirate with the portable camera pan upward . it record the barely discernible outline of six darkly clad men . ( this camera 's footage will be haphazardly record and use in a later scene . ) ext . ship 's deck - night the six mercenary gather around the ship 's hold be know as the expendables . barney ross : Group leader and strategist . in he day a record holder for he blind speed and accuracy with combat pistol . hale caesar : Long barrel weapon specialist , especially custom , one of a kind , full - auto shotgun . well - adjust , pleasant , outspoken , but ruthless in battle , friend with barney for 10 year . lee christmas : former sas and a savant with anything that have a blade . ying yang : thoughtful , deadly and a master at ' close quarter combat . 's he 's a man who 's always meditate on how he should live he life . toll road : his impose size and battle scar appearance belie he special demolition skill and calm intellect . second pink revision 5/11/09 5 when all else fail , he simply employ he brutal but brilliant fight capability to shatter every bone in a opponent 's body . he wear special glove with protrude stud and metal knee pad . gunnar jensen : a big combat veteran who 's a expert in precision sniping , but the year of stress , isolation and cynicism have spirale he downward into a unwinnable war of substance abuse and untamable mood swing . all of this man possess a match expendables logo tattoo . yang have a laser dot from he rifle center on the leader 's chest , as barney address the thief . barney there 's the money - free the hostage . unimpress , the pirate leader look at the laser dot on he chest , then run he finger through the beam . he motion to another pirate who retrieve the bag . the leader look inside . leader ( hard ) how much in there ? barney Three million . leader you wait too long ! now it 's five !! barney last time - free the hostage . leader five million !! wire to the gill , gunnar barge forward roughly shove yang aside . gunnar move ! christmas what the hell ya doin 's ? gunnar look at barney , eye glaze . he raise he powerful rifle . second pink revision 5/11/09 6 leader we want we money ! now ! gunnar - warnin 's shot !! barney no !! gunnar pull the trigger send a heavy grain bullet into center of the leader be face . the film go into slow motion . the pirate leader 's head be completely go . the stunne pirate stare in horror as the leader 's body still remain upright . the expendables exchange anxious look . they know the scene be millisecond away from chaos . gunnar ( simply ) ..- Little low . with that the pirate leader 's body crumble to a heap and the battle be on ! christmas and hale caesar toss two m-18 smoke grenade from above and the room be instantly envelop into a billow hell as the pirate 's gunfire ricochet everywhere . hostage duck against the wall seek safety . barney no fire till you be down ! christmas and yang leap over the side and rappel into the billow smoke . hale caesar ( to gunnar ) get the exit . gunnar who make you God ? gunnar take off as toll road and barney quickly rappel over the side into the thicken protective smoke . two pirate come charge up the stair , out of the smoke hale caesar appear at the top of the stair , he shotgun levele . booom ! he blow both pirate into chop meat . 20 20 a 20b 21 22 22a 22 aa second pink revision 5/11/09 7 another pirate be flee up the steel step and be blast back by hale caesar . through the fade haze of the grenade smoke , hale caesar move into the bowel of the ship 's hold . gunnar step into view , he wild eye craving the battle . ying yang he leap out from behind a cargo stack and catch a pirate with a savage kick from he steel tipped boot , then spray a second pirate with he machine gun . pirate in the shadowy ‘hold , 's the pirate be panic and fire wildly . bullet ricochet off the shipus steel side with deafen reverberation . hale caesar be hit in the protective vest . he fire he sega shotgun and obliterate stack of cargo that the assault pirate hide behind . christmas leap from cover and heave a knife at a pirate who be reloading , then fire he weapon three time at a pirate who dive safely behind a cargo stack . the pirate now fire at barney . toll road suddenly appear behind the pirate and snap he neck . barney ross barney duck then spin out and with amazing economy he fire off eight shot with he .45 , hit two armed pirate , then , speed load and fire off six more at another pirate sprinting to a ambush location in less than 3 second . the pirate be blow off he foot . yang step from he concealment and kick one pirate with he steel tipped boot and blow two more away as he roll to safety . christmas cut down three pirate who fire from the top of cargo stack . hale caesar 's 22b 22c 22cc 22ccc 22d 22e second pink revision 5/11/09 8 ferocious shotgun blast two more pirate ten foot back . gunnar without any regard for he own safety , he walk insanely forward as a pair of pirate' bullet tear off the stacked cargo near he head . he blast the pirate away with he huge pistol . christmas be out of ammo , but see two pirate and with insane speed , he whip out a pair of throwing knive and impale the thief . a third pirate try to behead he from behind with a machete . christmas dodge the blow and crush the man 's throat with a lethal blow . pirate drop he empty weapon and whip out he machete and anxiously move forward . toll road a studd fist slam into the pirate' chest . the man attempt to raise the machete , but toll road grab the man behind he neck , and crush the pirate' head against he studd knee , and blow another pirate away with he remington model 870 mcs ' breach weapon . 's barney swing around a cargo stack and catch two pirate broadside with he .45 . gunnar 's drugged eye be as wide as porthole as he snap around the corner and catch christmas dead in he sight . though ten foot away , gunnar be aim right between he teammate 's eye . christmas what be you do ?! gunnar fire miss christmas 's head by a inch , but catch a pirate , who be take aim twenty foot away . christmas glare at gunnar and rapidly move off . 22f 22ff 22g 22h 22hh 25 second pink revision 5/11/09 9 christmas ( low ) crazy bastard ! gunnar see a pirate behind barney and blow he away . turn , he find himself face to face with a long haire pirate who shoot he point blank in the chest . gunnar recoil , then with incredible rage , fight the pain and with python - like speed , grab the long haire pirate by the throat . gunnar get ya ! christmas heaves another knife at a pirate who run between the cargo stack . hale caesar see another pirate flee up the step and fire twice . the pirate tumble down the stair . ship 's hold from above we see the majority of the smoke have funnel out . pirate three pirate dash to a new location while shoot wildly at barney . yang suddenly leap into view , kick one in the gut , the other across the jaw , and plug the third with he pistol . toll road his thick hand lash out and seize a pirate by the throat who be fire at christmas . he heave he forward , back hand another pirate with be shotgun then fire he weapon at another pirate who duck to safety . 25 a 26 second pink revision 5/11/09 10 hale caesar approach from the opposite direction and drive he elbow squarely into he forehead , then pull out a huge dagger - like knife aptly call ' the Arkansas toothpick , 's parry another pirate' machete and with a stupendous elbow to the forehead , crush he to the ship 's floor . christmas clear he way around the cargo , he see EIGHT pirate snatch up the bound hostage , use they as a shield . a very tall pirate have one of the hostage by the hair , a knife at he throat . tall pirate ( insanely ) we kill they ! we kill they ! barney see what christmas see . hale caesar drift into view and block the step , likewise toll road , yang join in from the opposite angle . they be all block the stairway exit . tall pirate Drop the weapon ! the pirate have weapon point at the hostage 's head . the mercenary look toward barney , who remain stone face . tall pirate we kill they all ! I do not care ! barney lower he pistol to the ground , likewise the two other men . while rise , he glance at christmas , who have also lower he compact rifle . christmas get the four on the leave . barney ( secretly to Christmas ) take the two on the right , I get the rest . christmas never remove he eye from the pirate leader . christmas ( low ) ... you be not that fast anymore . barney only thing faster be light . second pink revision 5/11/09 11 pirate bring the money here now ! the money rest near hale caesar . he eye barney . hale caesar ( eyeing the pirate ) ...- boomlay , boom . a fellow pirate start forward . tall pirate ( in somalian ) kill they - like a blur barney quick -draw a custom build six shooter from the small of he back as christmas 's whip out two throwing knive hide behind he shoulder with blind speed , then whip out two more fastened to either side of he leg . it 's hard to tell which be faster , barney 's bullet or christmas 's knive , but EIGHT dead pirate hit the ground . Stone - face barney move forward and begin cut the hostage loose . christmas ( teasingly ) call it a tie . toll road ( to Christmas and barney ) call it narcissistic . yang this place smell , let 's go ! one hostage begin to profusely thank barney . barney be unimpress . christmas 's attention be draw upward . christmas what the hell be he doin 's ?! overhead be gunnar , wrapping the repelling rope around the semi-conscious long haire pirate 's neck . barney whatta ya doin 's ? gunnar I be killin’ killer ! barney let ' im go ! * 31 31a 32 33 second pink revision 5/11/09 12 yang ( to gunnar ) this be no good . ( sprint away ) ext . ship 's hold gunnar continue to wrap the repelling rope around the long haire pirate 's neck . gunnar ( tie the knot ) you hang pirate ! gunnar yank the pirate upright and turn he face forward , like a man on a gallow . gunnar they have do it to we !! christmas ( to barney ) put one in he leg . barney take aim as gunnar prepare to shove the pirate over the cargo hold ledge when he be blind -side by a arcing kick from yang that stagger he sideways . gunnar and yang yang square off against gunnar , who 's eye fill with rage as he charge yang . barney and christmas observe what just transpire and rush toward the staircase . gunnar attack yang who land a crush kick to the knee and a kick to the eye that split the big man 's brow open . with startling speed , gunnar parry yang 's next blow , then seize he by the throat , smashes he to the ground . instantly there 's a huge bowie knife press against yang 's throat . blood stream along the side of gunnar 's face . gunnar ( hard ) you be on my team ? second pink revision 5/11/09 13 yang we do not kill like that . gunnar I do . gunnar tip the shiny blade and study he distort reflection . a pistol be jamme against the back of he head . he see barney in the reflection . barney back off . gunnar hold fast , never take he eye off yang . gunnar bastard kick I . christmas you deserve it . gunnar think I ' 1l need stitches . barney yeah - let ' im go . gunnar ( low ) sure , after I pull out he throat . suddenly yang slam a knee into gunnar 's groin and sweep the razor sharp blade away from he throat , then leap to he foot . gunnar prepare to likewise leap up , only to find barney jam a pistol barrel against he forehead . yang move to attack , but be stop by hale caesar . yang we do not kill people who can not fight back ! gunnar ( out of it ) bad karma be it ? christmas reach into gunnar 's pocket and pull out a SMALL plastic cellophane pouch of meth and smell it . christmas meth. ( to barney ) tenth time . second pink revision 5/11/09 14 barney take the meth bag from christmas as gunnar rise . gunnar bad habit . hale caesar very bad , brother . gunnar * ( to barney ) who 's perfect ? * he look over to barney , whose face register the pain of compassion stretch too far for too long . barney give Christmas the knife - do it . gunnar stiffen . christmas ... jdust for a while . * reluctantly gunnar hang over the massive weapon . gunnar -.. one of a kind . * barney gunnar , you be do with we . gunnar look defeat , confuse . he look at the other expendables for support . gunnar done ? barney you be no good to we anymore . gunnar ( hard ) that right ? christmas you get skill . there 's always gonna be somethin’ out there . gunnar ( to barney ) no more chance ? * 34 35 second pink revision 5/11/09 15 yang you have have many chance . gunnar turn to barney , rage and hurt mingling in he tweak out face . gunnar Fifteen year . ( to toll Road ) cuff I before I kill somebody . I mean it - do it - barney nod . toll road fasten a pair of plastic cuff around gunnar 's wrist . toll road sorry , brother . at this moment the long haire pirate begin to regain consciousness and weakly remove the rope from around he neck . gunnar kick out he leg catch the degenerate pirate flush , thus send he over the edge of the cargo hold . christmas move with unbelievable speed , and take gunnar 's bowie knife , slashes the rope around the fall pirate 's neck in half before it snap taunt . the pirate crash unconsciously on a stack of cargo . gunnar .+. they would have do it to we . over credit ext . night time sky barney 's sea plane cruise through the starlit sky . int . barney 's sea plane - night ( credit sequence ) the expendables be all in they own space . barney be at the control , stare straight ahead . christmas sit in the co - pilot seat . yang sit deep in meditation . hale caesar read a book . toll road , wear glass , read a self help book . gunnar sit in the rear with he hand bound . christmas rise and give gunnar water , then cut he loose . christmas then hand he he huge knife and sheath . gunnar keep it - you appreciate a good blade . 36 36 a second pink revision 5/11/09 16 christmas nod and move away . gunnar 's head slump into he hand . ext . lacy 's home - night christmas arrive on a ducati motorcycle . he remove a bottle of champagne from inside he jacket , but pause when he see a trick out range rover in the driveway and start up the stair . ext . lacy 's home - night christmas move up the step to the porch , flick a familiar wind chime , then try to open the screen door . it 's lock . he ring the bell , and the outline of a woman appear on the other side of a frost glass door . lacy who be it ? christmas ' , .. someday you 'il find a man who will be happy just to watch you sleep . 's there 's a unsettle pause on the other side of the door . lacy Lee ? christmas yeah . who else ? the frost door open a crack and lacy appear . she 's in she early 30' . she 's a good soul , attractive in a very natural way . she unlock the screen door . lacy ( low ) I do not know you be back . christmas just arrive - who 's truck 's that ? lacy ( awkwardly ) ..- a neighbor 's . they ask if they could park there . he go to gently kiss she , and she slightly avert she lip . second pink revision 5/11/09 17 lacy ( anxiously ) I wish you would have call . christmas ( smile ) yeah , I have never be a good caller . lacy I have not hear from you in over a month . christmas ( awkward ) really ? wo not happen again . lacy nod ' yes . 's christmas look what I find . he hold up the champagne . christmas ( jokingly ) Rose flavor - ( smile ) it 's a nice porch , but I have rather be inside . voice ( 0.s. ) lace ? christmas stiffen and lean into the doorway . in the background , paul , a physically strong , mid 30 's , clean - cut man step into view wear long pants and a white T - shirt . aggressive jock write all over he . paul ..- everything alright ? who be you ? lacy ( low ) he 's a friend . the word ' friend 's sink Lee 's heart . paul what 's up ? he lock eye with christmas . for a man who be a natural fight machine , the fight seem to drain from he body . second pink revision 5/11/09 18 lean against the railing , he gently place the bottle of champagne on the ground ... paul kinda late - you name be what ? christmas ( cut he off ) what 's it matter - paul tense and start to drift forward . paul get a problem ? lacy please , give I a minute . paul ( reluctantly ) yeah , a minute . paul reluctantly back away . lacy step outside and stand directly behind the crestfallen man . christmas ( to himself ) friend ... lacy I be sorry . christmas ( deflate ) I think thing be good between we . lacy maybe for you , but not for I - you never really care about get into my life or really let I into yours . christmas - sure I do . lacy no , not the way people who be serious about each other do - I have know you for over a year - I do not even know what you do for a live . second pink revision 5/11/09 19 he bring feel she 's he drift out . paul christmas 's composure . christmas when I be here , I be with you , when I be not , I be think about you - what more do you need ? lacy when you be here , you be not really . you do not open up - tell I what you be feel - you be a good person , you be , but I need to make a life for myself . paul ( 0.s. ) lace . a ring BOX from behind he back . lacy deflate . she 's be pull between emotional force field . christmas for you , a ruby from burma - it 's a good color , but it 's hard to see that in this light . toward the open door and the light that stream be stand way in the background . paul how ' bout it ? christmas I hate he voice - ( the ring ) take it - show it to he . paul how ' bout it , lace ? lacy I should go - jaw clench as he struggle to maintain he lacy go - I do not wanna see you get hurt - anybody hurt . paul start to move forward . christmas see paul start to approach . christmas do not let he come out here . really . do not . + eh * 37 37a second pink revision 5/11/09 20 lacy ( face paul ) please , just ... a second . she gesture to paul with she hand . he reluctantly pause . lacy ..-.- Lee , I be sorry . christmas tell he to go - he 's no good . paul ( still in the background ) ..- you say something ? lacy ( sadly ) why could not you be like this before ? she meekly retreat and close the door . with he gut in knot , christmas close the ring BOX and walk from view . close on a tattoo needle applying ink to a shoulder . the retro music leak from a small CD machine . pull back to int . tool 's tattoo parlor - night barney sit in a classic old school tattoo parlor . there be two other vacant station . he study the old tattoo print on the wall and eye several photograph of himself take a year earlier in special force combat fatigue , stand next to tool in some exotic hellhole . the cavernous sound of a approach motorcycle intensify . as barney turn toward the rumbling , we see the glow headlight of a harley motorcycle . the plain looking chopper enter through a metal door , glide through dim light . it travel towards barney , finally pause near a small freight elevator . stepping off the bike be tool and a attractive female companion . the room be full of beautifully design motorcycle . second pink revision 5/11/09 21 tool 's body be completely cover in ink image . he be dress in leather pant , leather vest while a abundance of silver jewelry hang from he wrist . a expendable tattoo be on he forearm . tool ' Mr. Machine ; 's what 's shakin’ ? givin 's up sleepin’ ? say hello to Apache . girl cheyenne - tool sorry darlin , 's know it sound like some reservation . tool give barney a respectful hug . tool welcome back , brother . he slip on a pair of rubber glove . the girl head towards the freight elevator . tool cheyenne , fix I up with a martini , six olive and one of they skinny Tennessee cigar , if you would - ( to barney ) say she love I . barney a 's you believe it . tool hey , I believe the last fifty . barney ya build all this beautiful bike and ride that beast ? tool I be a confuse artist . barney ( gesture to the bike ) be too long since we have take a run up the coast on ‘em . that be good . % * +e * hf second pink revision 5/11/09 22 barney nod and remove he shirt show extensive tattoos especially a raven sit on a skull locate in the center of he back . tool stare down at the tattoo . the word ' expendable 's only go to the letter ' ' D . 's tool we gonna finally finish this thing ? Hell , it 's take over ten girlfriend . barney what ? tool some chump use a calendar , I use emotional breakup . tool prepare the ink in a small cup . barney we drop gunnar . tool when a dude go crankenstein , gotta cut ' im loose . barney he have my back fifty time , we be through it , then when he 's hurt , and when I cut ' im loose , do not feel anythin . 's tool lifestyle gettin’ to ya . barney yeah , how ' bout fillin’ in ? tool man , I have get no ' fillin’ in 's desire since we be layin’ in that nigerian mud , you holdin’ a shot up hand and I leakin’ from two hole in my lovely chest - swore right then if I be gonna die , it 's gonna be for a woman or over a woman or by a woman . tool lower the tattoo needle onto the incomplete ' expendable 's name . just then another motorcycle be hear and christmas enter through the same door as tool guide he bike near the tattoo booth . christmas enter . % + eh +e * hf % % second pink revision 5/11/09 23 tool the ' Christmas 's man - how ya doin , 's friend ? christmas cut the engine , but remain strattling he bike . christmas good , tool , very good . tool how 's the miss ? christmas yeah , good - emotional - it 's how they get , be not it . but , yeah , it 's all good . barney sense something 's amiss . he gesture to christmas , who just wearily shrug . tool ( to barney ) all do , darkness . tool rise and gesture toward the raven tattoo lettering . barney whatta ya think ? christmas still look like a dark chicken . tool ' the letterin’ , sad eye . how ' bout some new ink for you ? christmas what 's ' sad eye 's mean ? tool continue to tattoo barney while adjust magnifying glass he pull down from he forehead . second pink revision 5/11/09 tool so , knifeman , how ' bout somethin’ cheerful across that muscular forehead , like a draw of Charlotte 's web and then perhaps a shy Charlotte peer out of you ear , capture all they doubt bug floatin’ around in you mind , preventin’ anything obtrusive or abusive come out of that head of yours - that 's what you need , Christmas . more mystery , and a little less character , then afterward , we will go down to the river and have a mint julep , and look at the chicky , or if you prefer , a frappucino . make sense ? christmas ( cooly ) if you be retarded , yeah . tool rise and remove a large knife and snap it open . tool y'know , I be feelin’ very accurate this evenin , 's knifeman - ten buck . christmas Nah , maybe later . tool no big disgrace to lose . barney you have lose the last twenty time . tool be settin’ he up - ten buck , sadness . christmas what 's with this ' sadness 's shit ? barney ( to Christmas ) I all pay , it 's worth it to shut he out . without any enthusiasm , christmas snap open he folding knife . he throw first and hit a target that be hitler 's face . his knife land just off the side of the ear . 24 * second pink revision 5/11/09 25 tool ( mockingly ) inspirin’ , inspirational , intimidatin’ . + eh with unexpected speed , tool heave he knife that bury itself in the center of hitler 's face . % tool * expect to win , ya win , brother . * christmas put on a brave face , but he be embarrassed . * the phone ring . tool answer as christmas hand over a ten dollar bill . barney who die ? christmas later . tool ( into phone ) I be listen - alright , later . he hang up . barney what ? tool Three bit - two on the east coast , decent bread - the other , ' to Hell and back , 's shit . christmas I need some down time . * barney make a meeting . 37b ext . church - day we see the modest exterior of a non-denominational church in the center of the city . barney 's truck be park on the side of the structure . church ( v.o. ) you can call I Mr. Church - it 's not my real name . 38 second pink revision 5/11/09 26 int . — church - day sitting in the pew be a man know only as church . he be all business . hard in mind and soul . fear and subtly be alien to this individual . his eye belong in the skull of a predator . church but you do not need to know my real name , just like I do not need or want to know you real name . barney then what do you want to know ? church that you can deliver . have you ever hear of vilena ? barney no. church a dirt patch of a island in the Gulf . there be certain resource on vilena - the interest I represent want to invest a large sum of money on this island . follow this ? barney ... yeah . church ( tense ) you look bored . barney it 's my bone structure . church ( remove he sunglass ) let 's take off we glass . barney why ? church it 's more honest - you know what I mean . church 's eye bore into barney 's try to get a read on where he 's come from . second pink revision 5/11/09 27 church much better - the President of the country , General ruben garza , overthrew the government and for the past year or so , he death squad have decimate the population - he even have two of we company 's soil researcher kill , we be tell he be in on the execution . he hand a picture over from a folder . barney study the photo . this one of a tin pot despot of a man , in a over medale uniform , he eye hold the hint of madness . church ( push the drama ) that 's garza . his so - call ' Red Guards 's kill unarm woman and child without think twice . barney ( unaffected ) ... yeah . church you have any child ? Mr. Ross ? church I relate . barney I get a truck and a seaplane . church right - anyway , the majority of the people go hungry while - barney wait - church yes ? barney let I stop you , what people eat be not my concern , what they pay be . church no foreplay here . ( tensing ) ( more ) second pink revision 5/11/09 28 church ( cont would ) the people I represent will not do business with a government that could collapse in a few year or one that could become more radical . church stare straight into barney 's eye . he hand over a folder . church more detail - and we have arrange a contact - a well finance mercenary operation could succeed . barney you be waste my time . what do you want ? church ( barely hold it together ) I do not like you attitude . barney make two of we . what do you want ? church garza permanently remove . barney Furniture 's remove - be specific . church ( harden ) we want he go - barney - Dead ? church yes , dead . his soldier dead . his half - ass government , dead . specific enough ? barney yeah . church well ? barney how many outfit do you ask before you get around to we ? * 4l 4la 41b second pink revision 5/11/09 29 church why ? barney ten ? twenty ? church what 's it matter ? barney must be gettin’ desperate . church this you way of start negotiation ? barney head back to he truck . once inside , he take out a miniature video camera and withdraw the memory chip , put it into the PC on the seat beside he . hitting the play button , he study the close - up footage of church request he attack the island of vilena . have see enough , he close the laptop and the scene go black . ext . presidential palace ( vilena ) - night the palace be old and solid , and have a forbode aura . large light shine down from the barbed wired wall that surround this horrible structure . ext . presidential pool balcony - night general garza , a hefty paranoid , with a volatile personality , stare at a beautiful pool that lie below he . red beret General ! int . tunnel - night garza , still in he bathrobe , come stride through the dimly light , eerie tunnel , follow by he elite guard . on either side in small cave like cell , peasant worker be engage in unload white powder brick and place they in stack on wooden pallet . garza come upon more of he guard surround a tremble peasant worker and he exhaust , small , mid-thirty wife and 15 yr old son . one of the guard hold a SMALL plastic bag of the white powder , which he hand to garza , who regards it calmly . second pink revision 5/11/09 30 the photographer snap off a steady stream of still shot . garza come face to face with the terror stricken peasant . all dialogue be in spanish . general garza ( calmly in Spanish ) do you steal from I ? prisoner no. please excellency . I would never steal from you ! never ! general garza ( in Spanish ) everything that come out of the ground be not yours , it 's mine . you know that , yes ? prisoner I swear on the life of my child ! general garza ( in Spanish ) I understand , but if I can not see inside of you - how do I know if you be tell the truth ? and then , suddenly .... boom ! from out of the darkness come a bone jarring explosion that cause all present to jump out of they skin . from the shadow emerge a american , jame monroe , a rouge CIA Officer in he 40' . his hair be slicked back , he demeanor calm , but in he eye the blackness that inspire fear . back he up be three lethal look Americans , blackwater type . paine , and he two ex - american operative . in Monroe 's hand , a Desert Eagle , smoke still curling from the barrel . monroe now you can see ' inside he , 's and I see lie . garza , look from the dead man to Monroe , annoyed . monroe move off follow by paine and the two american operative . the loyal red beret guard stare hard at the depart american . second pink revision 5/11/09 31 monroe ( dismissive ) .-- and he be not steal from you , he be steal from we both . garza look after they , rattle , frustrated , have a hard time meeting he own private guard 's dour expression . guard ( in Spanish ) when you want they go , General ? garza ( eyeing the body ) take care of this . he move off . 42 ext . / int . barney' 1956 F - 100 pick up truck - early evening barney and christmas drive through the city . barney what 's wrong ? christmas ( low ) I dunno - I do not like wash my laundry in front of people . barney I understand . what happen ? christmas I have this good thing go . ( shrug ) a good thing , and it turn bad . why do I always mess thing up ? barney people change . christmas no , it 's not she , it 's I , I be never there when I should be . barney you be never there because you be insecure . christmas be serious . second pink revision 5/11/09 barney you can not take be reject . christmas you do not know that . barney no , you do . christmas you know , what I should do - just dial back , y’know , be on my own awhile . ( lose in think ) I think a guy who probably get along best with woman , be a guy who can get along without ‘em . barney glance at he , feel he angst . barney if it make you feel any better , I be insecure too . christmas really ? barney no. christmas ( smile ) you have get a black heart . barney hey , it 's she loss . christmas look out the window thoughtfully . christmas this new job - it sound bad . barney but the money could be good . christmas whatever happen to the code we start out with - barney which code ? 32 second pink revision 5/11/09 33 christmas c'mon , you know , no matter what the money , the target have to deserve it . ext tool 's - early evening barney pull the truck to the curb in front of tool 's . barney forget code . for cash we remove that hard to get at stain , and the more I see , the more I think both side usually deserve it . christmas ( exite ) I be not buyin’ into that . barney stick around . christmas close the door and enter tool 's social club . barney pick up the folder that church give he , begin to look through the picture . he come to a google map of a island , and it 's seaport . he be so deeply in think he do not hear anything behind he , until ... voice vilena ? barney shut the folder quickly , turn to ... gunnar next job ? barney exit the truck . gunnar ( distantly ) they get work there ? barney should not be here , gunnar . gunnar do not replace I - I be good . barney you be sick , can not trust a man like that . + eh * +e * hf second pink revision 5/11/09 34 gunnar ( hard ) we be friend . barney I be the ‘other 's guy 's friend . and with a final look of hurt , gunnar head away . gunnar ( low ) be careful . barney threatenin 's I ? gunnar ( shrug ) ... no , the ' other 's guy . barney watch as he disappear around the corner . 43 omitted 44 int . tool 's metal shop - dusk the camera pan down from a large expendable logo paint on the shop wall . the large space be cramme with a array of machinery . section of seaplane , such as half of it 's fuselage , be suspend from the ceiling while several metal propellers be fastened to the wall . the area be a perfect blend of the Dark Age meet the industrial Age . barney be tooling with a large airplane engine as the other expendables christmas , hale caesar , yang and toll road lounge around the heavy duty machinery . barney he say something like the population of this island be around five or six thousand , no more . yang ( to Christmas ) how many soldier ? christmas how would I know ?! * + eh second pink revision 5/11/09 35 barney maybe couple a hundred . toll road would not take much more to control a place like that and they be most likely not well train . yang you do not know that . toll road ( offended ) no , I do not , I surmise . hale caesar sound on the crazy side . hale caesar dip he spoon into a take out cup of gumbo . christmas maybe it 's not as crazy as it look . hale caesar no , to a crazy person it would not - man , they get a small army , we only get three and a half man . ( indicate Yang ) yang ( offended ) go dance some place . barney caesar , do not wind he up . yang you food smell bad - disgusting . hale caesar Fresh chicken gumbo 's disgustin’ , but chowin’ down rat an’ the brain of a monkey be not ? christmas he swore off monkey - too expensive . ( to Yang ) hey , if the smell 's botherin’ you , then throw it under the table - somethin’ down there will eat it . + eh * % second pink revision 5/11/09 36 yang ( ignore they ) not so funny - ( to barney ) I would like a raise . barney why ? yang I need more money for my son - I want to send he to a better school and buy my wife a new home . christmas wait up ! when do ying Yang get a ' family ? 's yang you do not ask before , I do not tell . ( to barney ) I have meditate on this , I want my family to be secure . I want to be a iver , not a taker . I want a raise before we die . christmas nobody 's die . yang it will happen . christmas I hate when he take that crap out of he dement brain and try to put it into ours ! - Yang , you be the ' kick the guy in the head 's guy , not the ' bad karma 's guy . barney ( to Yang ) family or not , everybody get equal share . the target in vilena be a General garza , who 's regime be present problem . christmas what 's the problem ? toll road what 's it matter ? * + h hk * second pink revision 5/11/09 37 christmas ( dryly ) I can not ask ? toll road they problem should not matter ' cause we have we own set of problem and either you get rid of they first , or they get rid of you . barney see you shrink lately ? toll road ( nod ) this mornin . 's barney what you talk about ? toll road ah , a.p.d . - avoidant personality disorder . ( they all stare ) toll road Social inhibition , low self worth , sensitivity to criticism and so on . yang you think too much . toll road that 's how you get better . barney everybody 's get problem , toll Road . you be a unusual guy , with a unusual job . problem never go away . toll road when you say unusual ? meaning my ear ? christmas let 's focus on the job . * + eh second pink revision 5/11/09 38 toll road just a minute - we all know I wrestle in college , and certain injury related to that sport , can cause trauma to the ear , such as a clot and if leave unattend , the cartilage contract form what be know as a ' cauliflower ear . 's hale caesar movin 's on , toll Road . toll road not yet - I have this good friend , my roommate , who would bring up my ' ear configuration 's all the time at party , special event , name it . but I do not mind ' cause my friend and roommate would brag about my unusual ear call it a ' badge of courage , 's so I feel less self conscious hearing this compliment and that pleased I , but that pleasure be short live - barney - where 's this goin’ , toll Road ? christmas - into a pit of madness - toll road I listen to you bird - you listen to I - one mornin , 's before spring break , I overhear my roommate on the phone , makin 's comment about my quote ' queer ear , ' meat biscuit , 's ' face bubble , 's an’ so on , meanin 's I have become a gag piece simply because I look ' different . 's so to educate my roommate on common decency that should be afforded to anyone who appear ' different , 's I smashed the right side of he head several time until he have a permanent cluster of cauliflower of he own . everyone stare in stunne silence as they all look at toll * + HH HH +e % + eh + HH HH 44 n 44b second pink revision 5/11/09 39 barney ( sigh ) Nie bit of history - anyway , I an’ Christmas will be headin’ to vilena to see what 's what an’ if a workable strategy be possible . all the man nod . yang how much it pay ? barney flip open he phone . christmas he 's gonna find that out right now . omitted int . dark sedan we see church in the rear . two other agent ride up front . church speak . barney we be go to vilena - let 's settle on a price up front . church shoot . barney five million . the other expendables almost swallow they tongue . they exchange surprised expression . church get serious . barney get five . church math be not you strong suit , barney . barney no. + eh 44c 45 49 50 51 second pink revision 5/11/09 40 church two. tool 's machine shop cut back to barney and company . barney transfer half into a offshore account , I will give you the number later . church you get square ball . barney have not check lately . church hang up . barney face he men who smile broadly . hale caesar damn . barney ( to Christmas ) ...- let 's travel . omitted variety of shot showing the political and economic climate of the island of vilena . in the background be vilena 's formative mountain that be lush with dense foliage . a large grumman uf - 26 albatross seaplane swoops into view . ocean spray arc beside the plane 's large pontoon as it power down . barney ( 0.s. ) I hate this hat . christmas ( 0.s. ) ... then take it off . ext . custom office a near dilapidate custom 's office come into view as barney' seaplane rumble into view . he cut the engine . 52 53 second pink revision 5/11/09 41 int . seaplane barney adjust the control , as christmas eye the bleak surroundings . christmas ..- now I know where to retire . int . custom office - day barney and christmas stand in front of a sink - eye custom agent . on the wall be a large photo of general garza . nearby , two rawboned soldier lounge in a pair of wear chair . a ceiling fan overhead be barely spin at two revolution per minute . a unshaven custom agent eye the close - up of the man 's passport . christmas how be you ? you speak English ? the agent nod smugly and look at the soldier then look out the window . agent Big plane . barney we transport a lot of injure animal . agent ( heavy accent ) why you here ? barney hand over a business card . christmas we be on assignment . we be photograph exotic bird and such . barney we be ornithologist . the agent do not quite understand . christmas hold up a nature magazine with exotic bird on the cover . barney hand over he credential . agent birdmen ? second pink revision 5/11/09 42 christmas you could call it that . agent ( tauntingly ) ..- be you nervous ? christmas ( smile ) nervous ? why ? agent you just look nervous . christmas ( to barney ) do I look nervous ? barney ( smile ) no , just a little stress . christmas Long flight . barney yeah . the agent finish toy with they , then stamp they passport . barney thanks . agent ( hand back the passport ) good luck birdman , there 's not many bird here . christmas no ? agent no , we eat most of they . the agent wink at the guard as if he 's proud of taunting the Americans . barney and christmas move off . the action turn to skip frame as a security camera hide in the clock overhead take they picture . 53a 53b 53c-53t 54 64a second pink revision 5/11/09 43 omitted omitted omitted ext . CITY - day barney and christmas wander the street of the main city . loud honking draw they attention . two military jeep follow by a open back military truck cramme with 20 hard - core soldier rumble along the narrow main street . this soldier wear the dark red beret signify that they be part of garza 's brutal elite troops . the country 's new flag ( a image of general garza ) fly from the corner of the hood of all the vehicle . though slightly obscure , we see barney and christmas pass into view . the depressed , intimidate local listlessly move aside as the convoy approach . the two army jeep begin blast they horn . people move aside . barney and christmas observe four american operative , dress in khaki as they pass into view in the lead jeep . they then observe the second jeep in which paine be drive , and riding shotgun be monroe with he slicked back hair and a pair of aviator glass , who exude power , and menace . barney and christmas eye the man as they pass directly in front of they observation point . Christmas start filming they with a convert still camera . barney get ‘em ? christmas no , I be on vacation . ext . STREET - day a old man struggle to push a rickety cart full of junk out of the way . he pass in front of the troop truck . horn blare . the old man stand petrify . this disrespect be not tolerate . 640a 64b second pink revision 5/11/09 44 the troops leap from the lead jeep and berate the old man . paine step from the deep . he be wear a conspicuous shoulder holster . in he thick hand be a equally thick , short , black club attach to a leather strap . paine motion to the soldier who commence to shove people aside , then smashing the old man 's cart . monroe coolly look on . soldier re -board the transport truck . the local share in the man 's pain , but be terrify to show any outward emotion . paine start to climb back in he jeep . a older woman suddenly start to yell curse at the troop truck . the soldier rush forward and commence to rough she up . sergeant of the guard grab she and fling she against the wall , curse she nose to nose . monroe gesture to paine . paine ( in Spanish ) let 's go ! the soldier load up and they be go . barney and christmas also move out . ext . steep alleyway - day barney and christmas ascend the inclined cobblestone alley and pause before a rundown cantina . barney check the address , then proceed to enter . int . cantina - day the impoverish establishment be furnish solely with two small hand hewn table and a makeshift ' bar 's fashioned crudely from bit of lumber and recycle corrugate steel panel . a old woman bartender sit idly on a stool . christmas and barney enter the dismal cantina , and scan the empty room . barney check he watch as they move to the bar . christmas they be late . the old lady ask if they want a drink . christmas no , gracias - christmas look down at a half full BOWL of nut . a roach scamper out . second pink revision 5/11/09 45 christmas one of the nut just walk away - where 's the contact ? barney I hate hat - christmas take it off - barney irritably toss he hat to the table . at this very moment we see a single individual enter the cantina . because of the near non-existent interior light , couple by the glare from outside , it be hard to make out the stranger 's feature . christmas ( remove the hat ) that 's the contact ? barney could be . christmas too bad she 's so homely . barney stay focus . stepping forward be sandra ( 2us . ) she 's very attractive ina natural way . her dark intense eye fix on the two AMERICANS . barney be take by she profound physical presence . sandra warily approach , visibly nervous . sandra ( latin accent ) I be Sandra - what be you name ? christmas ... buddha and pest . sandra follow I , please . and without another word , she head for the rear door of the cantina . barney ' buddha and pest ... 's christmas relax . 64c 64d 65 second pink revision 5/11/09 46 barney say nothing , give Christmas a look like what the hell . ext . garia' palace wide shot of the compound . int . garia' chamber extreme close up of a smear of color be spread across white canvas . garza sit at a easel near the balcony painting a portrait of himself . the image be disturbing and the majority of he face be a void as if to indicate he soul be hollow . the door open and monroe enter follow by paine . three loyal red beret guard glare at they . monroe Morning , General . ( dryly ) let 's take a ride . garza when I finish . monroe that have be now . monroe exit . paine ( to stare guard ) ... see something . with thinly conceal disdain , the guard turn away as paine also exit . garza can not match the gaze of he frustrated soldier as he pass . ext . sandra 's pick up truck - day Dust kick up from the partially paved road as sandra drive she terribly rundown mini pickup truck towards the outskirt of town . second pink revision 5/11/09 47 on the visor be six SMALL skillfully sketched portrait of local woman . one in particular stand out . a woman 's winged portrait . sandra how long you stay ? barney one day . sandra come and go , just like all the * rest . * sandra see barney eyeing she artwork . barney ... you do this ? sandra yes - take one - a gift . barney I do not take free gift - how much * do you want ? * sandra nothin’ . takin 's money for * something 's not a gift . * sandra pull it down and hand it to he . sandra takin 's nothin’ for somethin’ be - * reluctantly , barney take the winged woman 's head from sandra and put it in he pocket . 66 int . sandra 's pick up truck - day sandra drive while barney sit in the middle and christmas ride shotgun . sandra so what be you do here ? * christmas study bird . sandra really ? second pink revision 5/11/09 48 christmas yeah , study bird that know how to survive , they sense when thing be gonna change and just fly away . barney glance at he like he 's lose he mind . barney so how close can you get to the palace ? sandra why ? barney to see the view . sandra there 's no view . barney like to see it anyway . 66a ext . empty field - day Monroe stare at a unplant field , with peasant lazily turn the soil . his mood be black . he turn to garza . who be uncomfortable . paine , and operative # 2 and # 3 stand off to the side , eyeing several of garza 's Red beret . monroe where 's the growth ? where 's the manpower ? garza people be get weak . monroe do you know how long it take a coca plant to produce ? two month '' ago ! '' we be eight week behind schedule . kick you peasant 's ass , I need my product ! garza when you talk this way to I in front of my man - it 's not good . monroe close to within inch of garza 's face . * 67 second pink revision 5/11/09 49 monroe ( quietly ) you be right , it 's embarrassing - listen closely - I be the life line . I be the coordinator of all this confusion . I be make you rich . through my network , my contact , and be wealthy be very good because it allow people to be the real ' ass wipe 's nature intend they to be - no more fake it , but if you want I go , shoot I , if you want ongoing wealth , grow thicker skin and get I my product . the fire in Monroe 's eye burn into garza . garza ( hard ) this be not worth the money . monroe smile , back off . monroe sure it be . he stalk off , with he man follow . garza take a deep breath , try to regain he composure . outskirt of town - day barney , christmas and sandra ride in sandra 's mini - pickup truck . they rock uncomfortably down a pot-hol road . the extreme poverty affect barney . a group of soldier in red beret have pin several young men against a wall . they be be roughly interrogate , then shove into military truck . christmas it like this all the time ? barney look out the window as they vehicle pass filthy , bare foote child carry bucket of brackish water and joyless adult clad in near thread bare rag slump against crumble house / shack . sandra ( dryly ) yes , all the time . this place , this place you see now - be a beautiful place . ( more ) second pink revision 5/11/09 50 sandra ( cont would ) then one day , they come with money and General garza sell he soul , now you have a die place . christmas you say ' come with money . 's who ? sandra some Americans - that 's all I know - but all this will change back . barney you believe that ? * sandra yes , and the best day of we life * will be the one when we can say we * life be go to be we own * again . * christmas * Nice think . * barney study she commit expression . barney you have family ? sandra my mother die long ago - my father - he die too - you have family ? christmas he have a truck an’ a seaplane . barney if I be you I have think about leavin’ . sandra why ? it 's my country . barney look around . sandra I do not understand . barney you say it be dyin’ . * sandra but it 's not dead ! second pink revision 5/11/09 sandra be mood darken . christmas ( to barney ) gettin 's kinda bleak . ( to Sandra ) sometimes try to be helpful , come out wrong . Sandra , I be wonderin’ about somethin’ from , say , a female point of view . sandra do not understand . barney what be you do ? christmas converse - look it up . barney be focus . christmas be flexible . ( to Sandra ) outta curiosity , ever have a person you , ah , say like , or more , ask you to like get lose ? sandra get lose ? christmas y'know , go away , leave , not be with ‘em anymore . barney focus . christmas chill - ( to Sandra ) do it make you feel bad about yourself ? sandra bad ... yes . barney shake he head . christmas but we be not bad people - second pink revision 5/11/09 52 barney a little dignity . christmas please - ( to Sandra ) make you wonder , be it we or they who 's mess up ? I mean could a bad person ever say something like : ' tiene que encontrar un hombre que siempre se quedara despierto solo para verte dormir . 's sandra ( touch ) that 's nice . barney what would Little Boy Blue say ? sandra ' someday I will find a man who will be happy just to watch I sleep . 's barney hopeless . christmas hopeless ? ' Cause I be try to connect with people 's - try it sometime - I mean , why the hell be we in this world anyway ! look who I be talkin’ to . ( to Sandra ) we close ? sandra it 's just over there . christmas pull over , please . sandra pull over and christmas step out . sandra anything wrong ? christmas nothin’ , we just like to look at the view from different angle . ( he lean in to barney ) you have a black heart . he move off . * 68 69 second pink revision 5/11/09 53 barney Cry baby . christmas turn and angrily throw he hat then move off . barney let 's keep go . omitted ext . outskirt - dusk barney and sandra stand beside a berm along the barely discernible dirt road . sandra why be you look here ? barney walk off the road and look at the palace in the distance . sandra be extremely uncomfortable . sandra who be you really ? barney birdwatcher . sandra I know you be not what you say you be . barney and who be you ? sandra I tell you my name . barney you settin’ we up ? sandra what do ' settin’ up 's mean ? barney you do not look like you belong in this . sandra a man come here - he ask a friend to show you what you want . he be afraid so he ask I too . second pink revision 5/11/09 54 barney you be not afraid . sandra yes ... but he say you may help - we should go . suddenly they be alert by the groaning engine of a large military truck that quickly pull into view . ten angry soldier wear red beret pile out . sandra oh , God , please do not say anything - let I talk . leader ( in Spanish ) what be you do here ? stay where you be ! the ten soldier surround barney and sandra , weapon hold waist high . leader ( in Spanish ) you be tell never to come close . sandra ( in Spanish ) why ? you do not own this place . should we never leave we house ? the sergeant leader step uncomfortably close to sandra . leader ( in Spanish ) you know better - you have be warn . the General 's daughter can be shot . barney react to this . sandra ( in Spanish to the soldier ) then do what you want - we be leave - we do nothing wrong . leader and he - who be he ? she violently shove a soldier . suddenly the leader grab sandra by the throat ! 70 second pink revision 5/11/09 55 leader ( in Spanish ) puta ! traitor ! a rifle butt be bury into barney' kidney . the leader jam a pistol against barney' temple . leader ( in Spanish ) take she to she father ! the leader go to strike sandra with he pistol , but a knife suddenly bury itself into he chest . christmas step from he concealment . barney run ! barney snatch the revolver from the dead leader . sandra take off as christmas throw another knife through the neck of soldier # 2 . drop low , barney blow a hole through soldier # 3 and # 4 . barney then wheel around hit soldier # 5 directly under the chin then soldier # 6 under he chin . Christmas nail soldier # 7 . sandra be run for she life as soldier # 8 race after she . rushing forward , christmas whip another knife that bury itself into soldier # 9 's chest . the throaty engine of the transport truck roar to life as christmas race into view . without break stride christmas tear into view and yank the throwing knife out of dead soldier # 9 's body , then race through the foliage attempt to intercept the truck . military truck the truck 's frantic driver yell into a walkie talkie as soldier # 8 attempt to shove Sandra onto the truck , when a knife bury itself into he back . the driver be still yell into he walkie talkie when three shot come from behind christmas blow the driver # 10 face first into the windshield - the shooter be barney . 71 72 75 75 a 76 76a second pink revision 5/11/09 56 ext . CITY STREET - dusk a bearded lieutenant monitor the truck driver 's panicked transmission on he walkie - talkie , then the shot . around he be six soldier . ext./ int . monroe 's jeep paine drive , monroe be riding shotgun , in a foul mood . when he phone ring . monroe what ? ext . sandra 's truck - day barney drive the small truck at breakneck speed down the treacherous road . int . sandra 's truck christmas ( to barney ) we get outta here it 's a miracle - she 's go with we ? barney she better . sandra ( frighten ) go where ? how can we leave ? barney we have a plane . sandra say nothing . ext . road paine and monroe speed toward the village . int . sandra 's truck - day sandra can not leave ! christmas you have do not have a choice . 77 second pink revision 5/11/09 57 sandra ( loudly ) yes I do - I will not run ever ! barney they x11 find you in a hour ! sandra maybe , but I be stay ! barney there 's nothin’ here ! sandra not to you ! barney ( hard ) stay and you be dead !! - you be leavin 's ! ext . seaport - day the truck speed towards the seaplane mooring . as they approach , the island 's custom shack come into view . barney skid the truck nearly into a tree and cut the engine . barney Fire it up - ( gesture to the custom shack ) I all take they . christmas give I a thirty second lead ! point to the custom shack . christmas grab a startle sandra 's hand . christmas it 's all be alright . as barney sprint toward the plane , Christmas anxiously check the sweeping second hand of he watch . 78 79 80 second pink revision 5/11/09 58 STREET in a jeep a contingent of garza 's troops barrel wildly down the narrow street nearly slamm into the many poor vendor and pedestrian , who leap from the thunder vehicle 's path . one of the soldier be yell into a hand hold radio as the jeep 's horn blare at a oncoming truck that veer violently onto the sidewalk , and crash into a storefront . ext . STREET Monroe and paine and the other man race they jeep at breakneck speed through the city . ext . seaplane - dusk christmas jump onto the pontoon and whip open the huge plane 's side door . he turn to find Sandra stand still on the dock . christmas cc’mon ! sandra balk . christmas heave the mooring line free . christmas jump ! get in !! hesitantly , sandra take a step forward grab he hand hand , then suddenly she stop . sandra no - I can not ! christmas let 's go !! what be you doin 's ? she start to pull away . christmas c’mon , there 's no time ! sandra go ! you go ! you do not belong here ! I do !! go! go! sandra tear she hand from he . have no choice , christmas leap inside . 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 second pink revision 5/11/09 59 ext . large military jeep - dusk garza 's man continue to dangerously wheel they vehicle wildly through the narrow street . the port now come into view . one of the man snatch up the hand mic of the Jeep 's cb radio . int . custom shack - dusk the two soldier , who have be play card , be momentarily startle as the seaplane 's engine roar to life . they do not hear barney enter through the rear door . ext . seaplane - dusk the sound of the huge engine and thunder prop resound throughout the port area . int . custom shack - dusk the startle soldier leap to they foot . in that split second , barney smashes the first soldier with a chair as the second soldier be knock unconscious by a .45 pistol that barney pull from the small of he back . the custom official attempt to flee , but barney fire a shot into the back of he leg , drop the man instantly . int . seaplane wiping the sweat from he eye , christmas anxiously look for barney . christmas c’mon , c’mon ! ext . dock - dusk as the rumbling seaplane power along the short dock , it 's whirling prop kick up a massive wall of spray . barney burst out of the shack , dash along to the pier and leap through the blind spray landing on the plane 's huge pontoon at the last possible second . 88 89 90 91 92 second pink revision 5/11/09 60 int . seaplane - dusk see this , christmas jam the throttles and the unbridle horsepower violently shake the plane 's entire structure . struggle against the hurricane force of the prop wash , barney manage to pull himself inside . sandra who be partially hide behind the corner of a nearby structure , observe this then rush toward she truck . int . seaplane completely drench , Christmas swing into the copilot 's seat . barney where 's the girl ?! christmas go ! she would not leave ! glancing out of the side cockpit window , barney see the jeep transport with garza 's soldier roar into view . barney get the memory card ? christmas yeah - barney why the hell would she wanna stay ? christmas jam the throttle to max power and the engine roar like unchain beast . barney «+- Hell with it . sandra reach she truck just as the soldier 's jeep roll past . jeep skid to a stop the soldier pile out and fire wildly . 93 94 94a 95 second pink revision 5/11/09 61 int . seaplane - dusk barney and christmas be at the control . christmas ( to plane ) come on , baby ! climb ! still at the control , barney manage a glimpse of sandra speed away . dock - dusk Monroe and he man speed towards the soldier and slide to a shuttering stop . Monroe leap out then viciously rip a soldier' rifle out of the startle man 's hand , and begin firing at the rise plane . monroe out of ammo and enraged , he snatch another soldier 's rifle and fire until the clip be empty . monroe Son of a bitch ! int . sea plane just when it appear they be out of harm 's way , Monroe 's bullet rip through the rear of the plane 's fuselage . more bullet tear into the plane as barney suddenly snap the steering wheel hard . the old sea plane tilt drastically on it 's side . christmas what the hell you doin 's ? barney I wanna rip ‘em apart . christmas why ? barney ' Cause they ' deserve 's it . christmas get out of he seat . 99 99a 100 101 101a second pink revision 5/11/09 62 christmas ( automatically ) fry an’ die ? barney yeah . christmas open a hatch under the console lead to the nose of the aircraft . ext . cliffside - dusk the massive seaplane suddenly burst into view over the tower cliff . christmas enter the hatch . a hundred and twenty mile a hour wind pour in . he flip open a pair of gun port and jack back the bolt on a pair of aircraft machine gun . his head rise into view and see through the windshield , give barney the thumb up . ext . dock side the sound of thundering engine startles the soldier and Monroe and he man , who be in the process of depart . int . seaplane - day through the cockpit windshield , barney see the soldier be freeze in confusion . barney give christmas the thumb up and go into a steep dive . christmas appear to be riding the most lethal roller coaster ever create as he prepare to open fire with powerful machine gun . ext . dock the stunne soldier begin to fire at the seaplane when christmas cut loose with a rain of hellfire that literally shred everything in it 's path . huge shred of concrete be blast from the pier and the jeep and troop truck be tear to piece . monroe and paine stare in horror as they realize death be near . 101b 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 second pink revision 5/11/09 63 int . seaplane barney and christmas observe the destruction below and still two hundred yard away , barney look at christmas , who give he a thumb up through the windshield . barney return the gesture . barney then turn the handle on the floor beside he seat . ext . seaplane - dusk have reach it 's maximum speed , the shutter plane swoops towards the damage dock . a shower of gas begin to pour from the wing pod . omitted int . seaplane - dusk christmas remove a flare pistol attach to the hatch wall . omitted ext . seaplane - dusk the flee soldier freeze when they see a thick whirling yellow cloud of mist about to descend on they . int . seaplane - dusk only twenty foot above the dock , christmas lean from the hatch and fire the flare gun at the drench dock . ext . dock - dusk the red hot flare collide against the old concrete structure and a mammoth curling fireball erupt with colossal force . soldier who have remain on the pier now leap into the water as the curling wave of destruction envelop everything in it 's path . the curling flame sweep over the jeep , blow they sky high . the burn wreckage crash into the water , nearly crush several soldier . 111a 112 113 113a 114 second pink revision 5/11/09 64 ext . seaplane the plane be barely avoid a catastrophe as the swirl gas wave threaten to reach up to the plane itself . int . seaplane still lean from the plane 's nose hatch , christmas 's eye show mount pain as the flame be curling up to the wing and gas pod . Christmas turn and through the windshield , barney see he urgently gesture to ' CUT the gas , 's and ' bank right . 's int . seaplane barney instantly snap the gas valve shut and , with all he strength , twist the wheel to the right . ext . seaplane - dusk the tidal gas wave cease inch from the plane , which now arc gracefully out to sea . ext . destroyed dock - dusk with the dock engulf in flame , Monroe and he man , along with traumatize soldier , swim wearily to shore . ext . dock garza , in a special mercede follow by a troop truck fill with red beret , stare in stunne silence at the scorched dock . rage well in garza 's eye as he search for monroe . int . seaplane - dusk christmas return to the cockpit . christmas that 's a rush . ( no response ) ya alright ? barney barely nod and stare stoically straight ahead . * second pink revision 5/11/09 65 barney * ( low ) yeah - good job . 115 ext . seaplane - dusk the droning engine now slowly fade into a tranquil hum as the aircraft glide gracefully into the sunset . close on a skip frame piece of security camera film of barney and Christmas exite vilena custom . pull back to 116 int . monroe' office - night in the shadowy office , with only the light of the computer screen and the image of barney and Christmas play over and over , Monroe be barely able to contain he rage . the american operative be present plus two new recruit that stand in the shadow . monroe two obvious professional just arrive , pass through you pathetic security personnel , wreak havoc and get away ? I be so annoyed I can not feel my hand . 116a-b omitted paine face monroe . garza pace in the background . garza my man that be kill - do you * even think about this ? * monroe ( low and dry ) what I think about be how you god * damn child bring this on ! she should have be take out a long time ago . garza I will never do that . * monroe you will not have to . second pink revision 5/11/09 66 garza storm out follow by three red beret . monroe I need to know who this man be - run through the photo recognition program . voice I know ‘em . * monroe turn to the shadow in the back of the room . where gunnar step into the light . monroe who 's he ? paine one of the new hire . monroe you know where to find ‘em ? * gunnar remain silent . monroe stare unwaveringly into he eye . monroe I do not get that . gunnar remain silent . * monroe you toy with I ? do you or do not * you know where they be ? * gunnar why ? monroe ( gunnar stare straight ahead ) truthfully ? to remove they - where * be they ? * gunnar lock eye with monroe , register nothing . monroe temper he emotion and glance at paine , who step forward . paine ( to gunnar ) step over here . * paine and gunnar move several yard away . paine turn and face gunnar , but can still see monroe clearly in the background . 120 second pink revision 5/11/09 67 paine you know why I want to hire you ? ' Cause I know you , I have be through the shit you have be through a 's I be not blind . you eye tell I you be hurtin , 's like have you whole life be a waste ? you want a future that will not be as worthless as you past . we all do . ( calmly ) look at I -— ( gunnar raise he eye ) you be here ' cause they do not want you - this be you ' family 's now , this be where you put you loyalty now . gunnar lower he eye to the ground ponder the statement as paine nod to monroe , ' we get he . 's int . tool 's - pre-sunrise close on the computer screen be a half dozen assort picture of monroe and he men move through town , which be take by christmas 's hide video camera . barney , Christmas , hale caesar , and toll Road watch Yang expertly manipulate fast move image on all four of he computer screen simultaneously . he point from screen to screen . yang take the footage you shot , I be able to isolate this man - ( the footage freeze on Monroe riding in the jeep ) I run it through data basis . CIA . FBI . interpol . Old kgb , and get this . the screen light with match picture of Monroe . yang his name be James Monroe . CIA counter-intel . field officer . this other ... second pink revision 5/11/09 68 picture of paine , and the two other operative come up . yang more of the same - all ex -cia . christmas see a image of one of the other operative ( Gary Daniels . ) christmas wait ! I know he ! Toby Lewis . we be station at Royal Marine train Camp in Scotland - he be always a dement bastard . more picture come flash on the screen . barney stop . Yang hit a key . one screen freeze . a group picture , with Monroe stand next to a man we recognize as ... barney that 's the guy who contact we - call himself Mr. Church . yang no . his name be ... he hit some key ... yang George compson . counter Intel Operations manager . toll road Christ , we be work for the agency . hale caesar man , I have see this show before . he point to the map on one of the screen show vilena . hale caesar ' Asia , 's ' Panama , 's ' afganastan 's — it 's about drug , Brothers , with big time cash flowin’ down the covert pipeline , financin 's all kind of punk ass puppet and death squad like we get goin’ on right here ! he angrily slap the table . + eh * + eh second pink revision 5/11/09 69 hale caesar an’ sooner or later they good ol 's boy take what 's leave of that poison north a 's boom , it 's flowin’ through the hood like a God damn nose bleed . an’ do not be lookin 's at I like I be talkin’ '' crazy man conspiracy theory , '' ' cause I need a calculator to add up people I have know who now reside on the wrong side of the dirt . christmas face barney . barney be become more distant . christmas this Monroe creep must have go rogue and take it all after the agency set it all up - Washington can not just send in the Army to kill one of they own - make for bad press . so they drop a ton of money on we motley ass to do they ' wet work . 's toll road then we be take out . yang what do you wanna do ? barney let ‘em eat each other . hale caesar man , when we gonna see money like that ? never . christmas let 's kick it around . yang we vote ? barney we do not have the manpower , the firepower or know the layout . we be out . barney head for the door . * +e * hf +e hf % * 123 124 134 134a 153b second pink revision 5/11/09 70 int . sandra 's house - night a half dozen soldier hold powerful halogen flashlight tear through the house . ext . sandra 's house - night as the soldier pour out of the dwelling , we see that sandra 's neighbor have be pull from they home and be be brutally interrogate by paine and he man . monroe and garza look on . garza ( in Spanish ) where be she ? where be the girl ? monroe enjoy the breeze . garza step forward and stand in front of paine and slap the peasant hard . it be more of a show for monroe 's benefit . monroe ( to paine ) let it go . ext . vilena - day in a wooded area down a slight berm , a pair of soldier come across sandra 's truck , which have be cover in branch and palm . the ten wheel troop truck pull sandram truck into clear view as the squad leader speak into the army truck cb microphone . ext . lacy 's house ( parking lot ) - night christmas pull up to the curb . he emotionally eye lacy 's house . ext . lacy 's house - night christmas knock on she door . lacy .-- yes ? no answer . 153c second pink revision 5/11/09 71 christmas I wanna talk . ( no reaction ) one more time - C ’mon , open the door . she open the door . her head hold low . christmas look , I be not ready to let this go . christmas sense something 's wrong . he gently lift she chin . his expression darken when he see she teary eye and bruise face . lacy I be so sorry . christmas ( hard ) where be he ? ext . basketball court - night the well - light court be presently occupy by ' lacy 's boyfriend 's paul , play three on three with five other big strong man . Christmas roar up on he motorcycle and lacy get off the back . lacy please , Lee , it 's over - it 's not worth it . christmas sure it be . christmas drive the bike onto the court and very slowly drive in a wide circle around the whole dumbfounded team . player # 1 what the hell 's that ? paul some punk , do not worry about it . christmas continue to circle the men . paul whatta you want ? second pink revision 5/11/09 72 christmas ( calmly ) -.- you life . the team eye paul , who be beginning to tense up . christmas -.- I be thinkin’ about takin 's it . paul ( put on a brave face ) yeah ? christmas yeah - but I do not do well in tight space , so goin’ to prison worry I . player # 2 watch it . maybe he 's carryin’ something . paul he 's just runnin’ he mouth . about thirty foot away , christmas park the bike and dismount . christmas ( unnervingly calm ) you should not have bruise she face . paul that 's not you business . christmas sure it be - I kinda love it the way it be . paul then keep the bitch . I be do with she . without a nanosecond of hesitation , christmas charge up to paul and start pound on he . instantly he be jump by the teammate . now it 's really on . christmas switch into full destruct mode and in the matter of a few heartbeat , six men lay agonizing on the court . * 153d 155 156 second pink revision 5/11/09 73 paul get up , face christmas . christmas leap up in the air , execute a perfect reverse spin wheel kick , which connect with Paul 's jaw . he come down , place the ball on the prostrate Paul 's chest . and with that he whip out one of he blade , bury it in the ball . the ball flatten . christmas next time I deflate all of ‘em . lacy pass nervously along the fence as christmas pull up on he motorcycle . christmas let 's go . he hand over a SMALL helmut and she almost timidly get on . christmas now you know what I do for a livin . 's he roar off into the night . int . machine shop - night the door slide open . barney flip on a light . suspend from the ceiling by chain pulley be a plane engine . barney begin to lower it . ext . vilena - country side - night ten soldier have assault a farmer who lie beat to the ground . begging for mercy , paine have the farmer 's wife by the throat . the general stand nearby want to impose he will . paine ( in Spanish ) where be this girl ' Sandra ? 's again , where ? paine put he gun to the woman 's head . garza blurt out . garza ( in English ) I will find she ! ( more ) 156a 156b 157 second pink revision 5/11/09 74 garza ( cont would ) ( in Spanish ) if I ask again , you die !! the Farmer frantically point up the road . farmer ( in Spanish ) she 's up there , up there ! paine let she go and nod to a soldier who heave a molotov cocktail at the farmhouse . garza bristle that paine be give he troops order . he storm off into he mercede limo . int . machine shop - night various angle of barney toil away on the plane engine . omitted ext . garza 's palace - dusk a army truck occupy with EIGHT soldier rumble through the gate . Monroe , paine and he man wait . the truck grind to halt . the rear of the truck open and a terrify Sandra be toss out . paine grab she by the hair . monroe come forward ... garza watch from he balcony . his hatred for monroe be mount . monroe ( calmly ) ' sandra’ , short for alexandra , which be Greek for ' defender of mankind . 's bingo , here you be . synergy . if you be not follow that , and you be probably not , follow this - just then a bottle of whiskey smashes to the ground near paine . stun , they glance up at garza , who glare at they and he daughter . garza you should have leave !!! monroe I be go to say I have never believe in hit woman , true , heavy Christian upbringing , but hit man of course . ( more ) 157a second pink revision 5/11/09 75 monroe ( cont would ) but ( point to paine ) this man do not have that moral dilemma , so now here 's the question - why be the Americans here ? sandra ( to garza in Spanish ) have my father kill I !! ( she angrily pull free ) if you want I go , you do it ! you kill I ! you kill who they want you to ! why not I ?!! garza look at she with dead eye and back from view . without warning paine haul off and back slap sandra so hard across the face , she knee buckle . she then spring off the ground and attack paine , digging she nail into he unprotect face . paine heave she to the ground . he drag she off by the hair , into garza 's Palace . as the door slam shut ... int . machine shop - night barney cannot concentrate any longer , set down a wrench , he start to travel through the machinery until he reach a sliding door , and enter continue towards a faint light . he hear the faint sound of music . stepping forward , he come upon tool , who be painting on the front of a guitar . tool see he in the reflection of a mirror . tool do not you ever sleep ? barney where 's you friend ? tool ( pain ) another one bite the dust - I be paintin’ this for she , which I be gonna finish , let dry , then smash . barney wanna be alone ? tool not really , no . so what 's up ? barney step forward into the faint light . second pink revision 5/11/09 76 barney there be a woman on that island . tool ( still painting ) usually be . barney ( cont 'd ) she take we around - she be the target 's daughter . she have this chance to leave an’ do not . tool -.-- get gut . barney why can not I get this out of my head ? tool she stand for something , 's darkness . we do not stand for shit , use to , but all that dry up like this paint 's gonna . barney what dry up ? tool the human part , bro. remember that op in Bosnia when we take down they serb bad boy . after that day of bloodlettin’ , I be feel kinda dead too - my head 's in a very black place , dracula black , so I get this bottle of local fire water , ' slivowitz 's I think it be call a 's I be feelin’ no pain when I come to this old wood bridge an’ see this woman stand on the rail . I look at she , she look at I , an’ I know she 's gonna jump , but I just keep walk till I hear the splash . she 's go . after take all they life , here be one I coulda save , but do not . and what I realize later be , if I have save that woman , I might have save what be leave of my soul ... barney take it all in then drift away . * + eh + eh + eh + eh 158 158b second pink revision 5/11/09 77 ext . tool 's social club we see barney 's black truck pull up . int . tool 's machine shop - day barney enter to the other . christmas what 's up ? the door at the far end open , barney enter , just start in as he approach everyone . barney I be go back . the men just stare at he . barney who 's in ? who 's out ? yang what 's the plan ? barney we will figure a ' plan 's out on the way . christmas so we will just ' feel 's we way through ? barney trust I or not . christmas it 's not about trust , it 's about be smart . hale caesar an’ about dyin . 's man , we need a ' plan 's make with the light on . christmas you say it - we do not know the ' layout 's - how to get in , how to get out - toll road Dead on arrival . 159 160 168 second pink revision 5/11/09 78 barney I understand , but I gotta go . * the men be dumbfounded as barney start out . christmas rush up to he and grab he shoulder . christmas you be a stupid bastard . if it 's * about that woman , you do not owe she * anything - if you wanna kill * yourself , do it here , I will help you . but do not lay this guilt crap * on we , we do not deserve it . * barney exit . int . cell hallway - day sandra , fight it all the way , be drag down the hallway by paine until they come to a cell door . paine kick the cell door open to reveal ... two operative stand beside a long wood table . sandra know what be about to happen , real terror fill she face . she struggle to get away . paine drag she into the room , slam the door . ext . tool 's - day barney enter the cab and fire it up . suddenly the passenger door swing open and yang jump in . barney where be you go ? yang with you . * barney I do not want you to . * yang no , I do . * barney throw the truck into gear . ext . CITY - day a high angle shot of barney 's truck drive along the fringe of the city . 168a 169 169a 169b 169c second pink revision 5/11/09 79 yang it 's difficult you know . barney what ? yang be I be difficult . barney who 's that ? int . barney 's truck - day barney sit with yang . ext . barney 's truck - day as barney' truck pass through a intersection , we see gunnar 's late model bronco swing into view . int . barney' truck - day yang difficult because I have to work harder than the rest of they . ext . barney 's truck - day we see gunnar 's vehicle close in . barney I be not follow . yang difficult because they be taller - so everything be harder for I - when I get hurt , the wound be bigger , why ? ' cause I be smaller . int . barney 's truck - day barney and yang approach a intersection . a nondescript sedan casually drift in front of barney and pause as the light turn red . 169d 170 170 a second pink revision 5/11/09 yang when I travel everything be farther because I be smaller - my life be harder than you think . barney I can not follow this . yang ( nod ) I would like more money - a raise . barney to take care of you family , I know . yang I do not have a family . barney what ? yang do not have a family . barney so why have you say you do ? yang because someday maybe I will . so I say I do now . who be I hurt ? the raise be for I . ext . barney 's truck - day 80 as they wait for the light to change , gunnar slowly cruise up to within 15 foot . gunnar reach for a large automatic pistol that rest on the passenger seat . yang just think it over . tractor trailer truck pull into the intersection and block barney' truck . barney and yang instantly realize they be box in . the nondescript sedan be part of the set up . 171 172 172a 172b 172c 172c 173 173a 174 175 175 a 176 second pink revision 5/11/09 81 suv # 1 a killer roll down the rear window and open fire when barney crank the wheel of he truck and slam broadside into suv # 1 . the killer 's bullet be impale in the passenger side and driver 's side bullet proof window . barney jam he truck into reverse and wheel around into a 180 degree turn . with tire smoking like a bat out of hell , barney floor the machine and the chase be on . the side window of suv # 2 roll down and a automatic rifle be fire , splintering the passenger 's side window even more . barney and yang whip around and see suv # 2 and gunnar 's bronco charge after they . gunnar whip he bronco around traffic , close in on barney . barney swing he truck beneath a underpass - they crash through barrier , as bullet bounce off of cement pillar . after a half dozen near miss , barney and gunnar and the other killer then exit the underpass . barney tear into oncoming traffic . they all weave through a dozen oncoming car . the trail nondescript sedan be set up and t-bon into a large dump truck . then yang remove a machine pistol from behind the seat and kick out the near shred passenger side window and fire at gunnar as barney whip the truck into 180 degree turn . barney straighten out the truck and the chase continue . in the near distance he spot a industrial area . smoke rise from ton of smolder refuse be burn . barney race towards a massive dilapidate factory . barney plow the truck through one of the factory 's old large window . gunnar follow . glass splinter everywhere . barney speed ahead and whip into 180 degree turn and race toward gunnar . bronco gunnar floor the bronco and charge head on into barney 's S path . it look as if barney be the ' chicken 's as he swerve aside . 177 182 182a 182b second pink revision 5/11/09 82 steel structure barney 's succeed luring gunnar into the trap by clipping the steel support beam , allow machinery to crash down in front of gunnar , but barney be knock into semi - consciousness . gunnar 's eye widen in horror as he bronco catapult several foot into the air and land upside down . bronco the badly damage vehicle lay on it 's side , steam pour from under the hood . barney' truck as yang lean over to barney to pull he upright , gunshot rip through the silence and bullet tear into the truck side . gunnar yang leave barney and roll from the truck . bloody and badly shake up , he put he pain aside and move forward . suddenly the high caliber pistol be kicked from gunnar 's hand by yang . yang commence to ferociously attack gunnar . gunnar be daze and stagger against a clump of tree . yang go in for the kill , but gunnar rise and strike yang with a arching back fist deliver by he massive arm . now it 's gunnar 's turn to attack . gunnar kick yang with such brute force , yang be send fly , and collide in a semi-conscious state . gunnar charge after he . yang attack gunnar who again dominate with he incredible strength and grab yang by the throat in a similar fashion as the first scene . barney be come to and reach under the dash and touch a latch and a .45 caliber pistol drop into view . yang crack gunnar across he eye which frees he up . yang then zeroe in on he stunne opponent and proceed to rally back . second pink revision 5/11/09 83 badly weaken by the barrage , gunnar 's knee be repeatedly assault , but though he try to ignore the pain , he leg be finally weaken by a ferocious kick that shatter he right knee . yang , exhaust and bloody study the man for a moment then move off . gunnar 's hand find he pistol close by and raise the pistol . barney fire and gunnar collapse to the ground . yang stare at he foe . yang move off and pass barney in silence . barney go to gunnar and kneel beside the mortally wounded man . gunnar why have you shoot I ? * barney you be gonna kill ‘im . gunnar ( softly ) no...myself ... ( soft revelation ) be I dyin 's ? gunnar 's breathe become increasingly labor . barney who send you ? gunnar ( barely audible ) what a waste . * barney gunnar , who hire you ? gunnar 's eye slowly shut . he 's moment from death . barney tell I - who ? - i’1ll make it * right . gunnar * promise you will bury I right . * barney * yeah . * gunnar 's eye slightly open and he bloody hand weakly rise and cup barney 's neck and almost gently pull he forward until he mouth be next to he ear . 183 184 192a second pink revision 5/11/09 84 yang . lean against the damaged suv watch the final moment between barney and gunnar play out . int . sandra 's cell ( water boarding torture ) sandra be pin to a low wooden table by paine and another american operative . sandra 's face be cover with a rag as the third operative pour water from a dented pitcher down sandra 's throat . she gag and struggle like she 's be drown , which she be . suddenly , garza 's three special red beret charge into the room and violently shove one operative aside while the other smashes the water pitcher to the floor . paine attempt to draw he pistol , but be face down one of the other red beret 's automatic rifle . garza you say you would question she - not treat she like a animal ! monroe you want answer ? garza not this way - ( to guard ) take she to a cell . the guard guide she semi-conscious body forward . she eye she father , who can not match she gaze . garza I will question she - you and they stay away . do you understand ? monroe whatever you say . garza exit . ext . old hanger - dusk barney' truck approach the dilapidate structure . the nose of the old seaplane extend beyond the open of the hanger . 193 194 195 second pink revision 5/11/09 85 int . seaplane - dusk the plane 's door swing open and step inside , barney see a sight that stop he cold . toll road , hale caesar and christmas be wait inside . yang drift in behind barney . christmas .-.- it 's not easy be you friend . barney be truly touch . hale caesar man , we will die with ya , that 's cool , just do not ask we to do it twice . barney Fair enough , I know the layout . christmas what ? barney ( get behind the wheel ) tell ya on the way . ext . seaplane - night the plane rear roaring engine reverberate through the nighttime sky . int . seaplane - night barney be seat in the cockpit . he be presently on the phone . in the rear of the fuselage be christmas , yang , toll road and hale caesar under a adjustable light . they be see check they weapon . barney ... I want the rest of the money wire into the account number I give you . int . official dark sedan - night church be seat in the rear . two other CIA type be in the front seat . church you 'il be ' whole 's when it 's do . second pink revision 5/11/09 86 barney we be turn around . church why should I trust you ? * barney yes or no ? * church alright , it 's do , but barney - * listen close . 196 int . seaplane - night barney be seat in the cockpit . christmas drift up and enter the co- pilot seat . barney yeah ? * church you embarass I , I 'il have the skin * pull off you loser - believe * that . * 199 ext . seaplane - night in the moonlight the commanding seaplane glide gracefully above the open sea . 200 int . seaplane in the rear compartment , toll road and hale caesar sit among the cargo . hale caesar have he aa - 12 automatic shotgun lean against the wall as he load the weapon 's ammo drum . hale caesar the enemy 's terrify of noise , especially shotgun , an’ when this big boy 's spittin’ out 250 round a minute , you tell I what 's toleratin’ that ? Zero - meet my girlfriend - * hale caesar pull out what appear to be a miniature warhead that fit into a shotgun shell , which he pridefully display . second pink revision 5/11/09 87 hale caesar ' omaya kaboom . 's toll road ya lose I . hale caesar when omaya 's primer 's strike , she really get off an’ a miniature warhead that do arm itself an’ when that event happen , anything standin’ in my lady 's way will become instant red sauce and jello . toll road you should meet my doctor . barney and christmas be in the cockpit , yang sit behind they . christmas gunnar try to kill you , you shoot he an’ at death 's door he give you a whole layout . barney as best he could . christmas I guess we owe the big bastard a send off . yang I would have win . christmas pull out a bottle of whiskey and take a slug . he pass it to barney who do likewise . this be a standard chant ritual before go to battle . he pass it to yang who drink . hale caesar begin . they all chime in . everyone beware , beware , walk with care , boomlay , boomlay , boomlay , boom . we be sinner , yet purer than sin . we see heaven , we will never get in . boomlay , boom . 201a int . presidential chamber - night garza flip through a stack of painting of himself , each one more disturbing . his body block the final one from view . + h hk 202 206 207 211 211a 211b 211cc second pink revision 5/11/09 88 as he step away , we see the most disturbing painting yet , which have garza appear with blacken feature and a violent slash of yellow across he face . thermal imaging Pov : several hundred yard off shore the island come into view . several soldier 's ' heat signature 's be see via the thermal imaging screen patrol around the pier area . omitted omitted ext . presidential palace - same monroe , paine and two other ex - american operative step outside . they behold a hundre and fifty soldier spread out before they . stand beneath garza 's quarter be thirty five red beret with they face paint in a fearsome design . they be in a semi -circle . monroe and paine eye one another , as they try to mentally compute the surreal and unnerve sight . general garza 's outline stand on the balcony . cigar smoke drift like a ghost in the dead night air . ext . presidential compound - night close up of heavy wire cutter clipping a section of the security fence . omitted palace security fence - night we see four dark figure dash among the shadow . in the foreground , soldier be see milling around the courtyard . 212 213 second pink revision 5/11/09 89 int . palace ( garza 's chamber ) - night sipping whiskey , general garza sit behind he desk . he idly touch the barrel of a miniature cannon that be a desk ornament , as monroe , paine and operative # 2 and # 3 enter . his room be only light by extensive candle light . some of the candle be immense , over six feet tall . paine downstair I see soldier with paint face . so be there a reason you have take man I have break my ass to train to be serious combat personnel and paint they ? garza they look like warrior ! paine they look like fool ! garza Warrior loyal to I - when do the battle begin ? monroe ( smile ) Battle ? everything 's under control . garza from that side of the room , maybe . from this side nothing be under control . I can see you thinkin’ ' the General 's not thinkin’ straight . 's yes , that could be , but it be also you that be not thinkin’ right and I can see you want to go and not see I again until the morning . no , stay ! I want company - you will watch I paint . three red beret block the exit , they be ready to fight . monroe glare at garza , who stare blankly into he eye . ext . palace compound - night a red beret guard carry a automatic weapon be patrol beside the palace . a blur pass in front of the soldier 's face as yang kick he in the jaw . the man collapse in a inglorious heap . 214 215 216 217 219 220 second pink revision 5/11/09 90 immediately barney and toll road drag he away to a dark corner against the palace wall as christmas and hale caesar alertly scan the area . just off to the side be faint light emanate from a grate . hale caesar ... Nice view . barney alright , it 's 3:36 . we have get 20 minute to bring this place down - I all take the cellar . ext./ int . courtyard - night the majority of the regular soldier be in they makeshift tent barracks locate in the front courtyard . the paint face red beret still stand guard over the palace entrance . int . palace - night a pair of guard be station at the end of a long corridor . toll road come into view . his silhouette be see dash across the hallway past the slumping guard ... he place another radio activate charge against a support column , then gracefully disappear . basement tunnel barney exit a staircase and move down the dim corridor . flip on a mini light attach to he assault rifle , he eye the cross section of a bear wall overhead . general garza' chamber with he eye fixate on the canvas , garza stare dully straight ahead as monroe be seat behind garza 's desk . as monroe eye the photo of sandra , he mind race . christmas on the second floor , he place a explosive in another strategic locale . hale caesar a pair of guard move down the dim hallway on the third floor . 220a 221 222 222a 223 224 second pink revision 5/11/09 91 a foot fly out of the doorway knock one guard cold . hale caesar sweep the second guard off he foot and put he to sleep with a elbow to the forehead . he place a explosive and split . ext . - security fence with the guard idly pace overhead , yang plant a rig charge against a post , then move on to the next post . barney move along the basement tunnel , barney move further down the corridor . by the glow of he mini - flashlight , he find another support beam overhead . his attention be draw to tightly wrap white brick . drawing a knife , he cut one open and pure cocaine pour out . hall guard ( hale caesar ) a soldier mind he post . his eye become alert when he hear movement off to he side . turn he head in that direction , he peer into the dimly light distance . nothing there . slowly turn he head back , we see hale caesar 's bone chill presence behind the guard . in a flash a python - like forearm whip around he throat and they wipe from frame . yang plant another charge against the security fence . he reach in and open the release tap to large gasoline storage container . the fluid begin to flow along the fence . toll road a soldier pass a alcove . toll road leap from view and in a highly original maneuver , break he in half . christmas slip down the hallway , approach general garza 's Chambers as he take out a sentry . christmas drag the body into a adjoining room as the large man pass . without hesitation , he place a charge at the base of the wall . 225 a 226 228 228a 228b 228c 229 second pink revision 5/11/09 92 yang plant a charge near the entry gate . barney plant a charge against another portion of the palace 's foundation . again he see more massive package stack of cocaine . check he watch , he bolt off with a heighten sense of purpose . hale caesar be place a charge just as a guard hold a flashlight open the door . without so much as a second of hesitation , hale caesar step out of the darkness and skull butt the guard . he crumble . toll road climb onto the palace roof . it be a eerie sight . up ahead be two soldier . christmas climb onto the palace roof . from he vantage point he can see toll road . he gesture to move ahead . roof guard be at opposite end of the wide roof . one turn and be slam squarely in the center of he face with a studd muay thai knee kick . christmas at nearly the same instant render he man unconscious . he stare over the edge at the soldier mull around in the courtyard , then place he charge . likewise toll road . barney glide down the dark stone corridor . he pause . in the distance , he see the glow of a cigarette belong to one of the two guard stand in front of sandra 's dank cell . they passe from view mumble in Spanish . 229a 230 second pink revision 5/11/09 93 sandram cell the guard enter . the larger guard 's cigarette be glow in the dim light . they stare down at sandra , who be bound to a chair and blindfolded . general garza' chamber - balcony the general be eye be cloud over . paine and the two operative just stare at the unpredictable dictator . he make the final stroke . garza ..- this clear the mind . garza stare at monroe with a long unnerve pause . monroe ... what ? we see the painting as garza 's eye bore into the canvas . it be a painting of he daughter rush past a burn landscape . garza do you have puppet at home ? monroe what ? garza no - but you think you have one here in front of you - do you think I be you puppet ? monroe no , that 's just in you mind . garza ( rise ) be it ? monroe ( loudly ) I want you to calm down ! garza you want ! ( to Red beret in Spanish ) he want ! second pink revision 5/11/09 94 monroe I be try real hard to figure out what 's go on in you head . garza you ! - you be in there ! I think maybe the people of vilena pay this mercenary to kill I - I think that ! but then I think maybe this be you plan because you can not control I . then I think that torture my daughter work for you . I feel it . but she be now loyal to I and you want to kill she to make I suffer . a man can never kill a child , but you can . monroe you be lose you mind ! garza you do not control I anymore ! monroe ( lose it ) Control you ? I own you ! the red beret step forward , hold they weapon at the ' ready . 's in the dim candlelight , they present a terrifying vision . garza ( forcefully ) nobody own I ! no more !! bring my daughter here ! bring she ! she know who be do this ! bring she now ! bring she in front of I and I will ask she if she be loyal to you or I ! bring she or I will kill all of you !! paine look to monroe , who 's thoroughly exasperate . monroe get she !! 231 omitted 232 cell guard one of the sleazy cell guard touch sandra 's hair , sampling the texture . blindfolded , she recoil and curse . second pink revision 5/11/09 95 the other one touch she neck then she breast . she curse and spit in rage . the guard enjoy this and kick she chair over . guard too good for we . the second guard draw hard on a cigarette until the ember glow firey red . as the guard go to burn sandra , we see a bright steel blade slash through the darkness and the hand hold the red hot cigarette be severe . still blindfolded , sandra 's body convulse when she hear the man 's anguish scream . barney then plunge the huge dagger 's blade into the other soldier 's chest , then silence the first soldier 's scream with a neck thrust . they heavy body collapse beside sandra , who 's scream hysterically . barney cover she mouth as he whip off she blindfold . sandra ( hysterical in Spanish ) no ! no ! do not hurt I ! no more ! please ! no more ! barney Sandra , it 's I ! it 's I ! nobody will hurt you . sandra ( calming ) how be you here ? barney ( cut she loose ) can you move ? barney help she stand . sandra yes . barney let 's go . 232a ext . palace courtyard after place he final charge , yang check he watch and quickly move off . * 232b 232c 236 237 second pink revision 5/11/09 96 omitted omitted palace tunnel barney and sandra move down a large tunnel , which be dully light by several low watt hang bulb . paine suddenly explode from he concealment and slam barney with a forearm across the face . sandra scream , barney crumble . paine drop a knee to barney 's midsection . the other two operative and a huge red beret soldier step into view . operative # 2 grab barney in a lethal choke hold , yanking he upright . operative # 1 strip barney of he weapon include the long dagger knife , paine strike barney . * operative # 1 ( gesture towards barney weapon ) I be claimin’ this weapon when we be do . + eh sandra ( in Spanish ) please , do not hit he ! please ! take I , this be not he fight !! with blood boil , paine grab sandra by the throat and toss she to the red beret . paine get she the hell upstairs ! seal the building ! ( to barney ) I be breakin’ you apart . * rendezvous point ( outside the palace ) toll road , hale caesar , yang and christmas have drop to one knee . they anxiety mount . yang Times up - where 's barney ? hale caesar what 's the call ? 238 second pink revision 5/11/09 97 christmas give it 10 minute - we can not find ‘em , we be go out the same way we come in . toll road no way !! hale caesar that 's what he have want !! christmas - ten minute ! the men bolt off . paine glare into barney be defiant eye . paine why be you here ? barney Bird watchin . 's paine throw a elbow shot that land with colossal force on barney 's chest . barney sag . operative # 1 that 'il leave a mark . paine who hire you ? barney you boyfriend . paine slam he again . as barney buckle , paine motion to operative # 1 . the british operative step around paine . operative # 1 glad you come back . operative # 1 unleash a incredible barrage of kick that have barney barely grasp onto consciousness . operative # 1 you know without the kevlar vest , you be inside be go . operative # 1 release the velcro hold on barney 's protective vest . 238a 238b 238c second pink revision 5/11/09 98 operative # 1 he want you to be conscious . paine last time - give I the right answer , I 'il give you a break . ( hold up he fist ) do not , I will crush you heart against you spine and death 's a give . last time , who send you ? barney you hairdresser . enrage , paine draw back for the killshot , just as yang drop through the overhead grate and brutally sidekick paine to the mid-section . he then kick the american operative release barney as yang attack operative # 1 . christmas drop down next , slamm a potent elbow into operative # 3 's jaw . toll road come charge out of the darkness and tear into the red beret soldier , who themselves be great fighter . paine move out of the fray . paine turn and be hit by barney , which drive he back slightly and they end up in a dismal , barely light room . paine use he superior strength to dominate . barney be slam hard to the brick floor . he go to pull he short barrel pistol from behind he back . paine go to stomp barney , he roll and hook paine 's leg . they roll around punch at close quarter . barney be on he foot and rain down a torrent of punch that have paine on he heel . tunnel just as yang , christmas , and toll road have subdued they opponent , a squad of ten beret come pour into the tunnel and open fire , pin we guy against the wall . lethal chunks of mortar and stone be rip from the damp wall . paine in a brutal choke hold , the escalate gunfire draw he attention . sense that the battle be get out of hand , he move off into the darkness . barney gasp for air , then rise to one knee . christmas be now tuck in a recess in the cement wall , fire he nine millimeter and take a slug in the forearm . 238d 238e 238f 238g 238h second pink revision 5/11/09 99 flushed with confidence , the soldier move boldly toward they pin victim . toll road , christmas and yang attempt to return fire , but be be overwhelm . suddenly a thunderous volley rattles every stone in the tunnel as the ten red beret be blow off they foot from behind . through the haze we see hale caesar and he smoking aa - 12 super shotgun . hale caesar remember this shit at Christmas ! barney step out of the tunnel look batter . he go to retrieve he weapon . barney let 's move . omitted omitted omitted tunnel the expendables be run through the long , dark corridor . garza ’'s chamber a guard enter with sandra . she lock eye with she father , who look quite ashamed . a red beret drop a bag of money in front of monroe . monroe ( to a operative ) what the hell be he do ? garza everything bad that have happen , you bring . take you money - I see only death with you . take it all ! monroe I be not go anywhere . 241 241a second pink revision 5/11/09 100 garza ( brandish a sword ) * take it ! we be do here !! monroe you can not succeed without I - garza succeed ? I be president !! monroe President !? you be a greaser ina hat ! * enrage , garza raise a sword to kill monroe . * sandra no !! * garza lower the sword and go to he daughter . they * exchange look that reveal they emotional turmoil . * garza ( in Spanish ) you be who I should have be . ext . courtyard - night the heavy oak door swing open onto the palace courtyard and the man pour out into the darkness . suddenly they be hit flush with four intense spotlight . two straight ahead and two from above on the palace roof . garza ’'s chamber the glare from the powerful flood light stream into the office . garza step forward and stare out from the balcony . paine enter . paine the chopper 's ready in five minute . monroe ( to paine ) ... we be not the one leave ! monroe snatch up sandra . 241b 242 243 244 second pink revision 5/11/09 101 ext . palace courtyard - night the expendables remain immobile as a hundred plus soldier step out from the darkness behind the huge spotlight . they catch a glimpse of the forebode paint red beret . palace balcony general garza savor the visual of he enemy capture below . garza Drop the weapon or you will be kill now !! monroe step into view , he grip the back of sandra 's neck . barney and christmas see this . barney --- shit . barney and group scan the area look for survival option . there be none . garia' balcony garza ( ignore Monroe ) the american invader be out there . ( point to the mercenary ) and in here - they come here to kill this country , to take all this for themselves !! forgive I - I be guilty of be human , of greed - ( look at Monroe ) for poisonin 's we land with drug , with death . monroe stupid bastard - garza from tonight , fresh air , fresh water , clean , healthy land , no more corruption , no more suffer . ( in English ) we will kill this american disease and start new . 245 245a 245b 245c 249 second pink revision 5/11/09 102 suddenly garza pitch forward from a bullet in he back . he turn and be hit twice more . garza stagger backwards and fall over the railing . the guard go to shoot back , but monroe and paine blow they away in a flash . sandra no , God ! no ! monroe ( to paine ) get the money ! ext . courtyard the soldier remain freeze at the sight . omitted omitted ext . courtyard - night the red beret contingent now come to they sense and all open fire on the expendables , who be hopelessly pin down . hale caesar blow the place !! barney be finger unfold . a remote switch be reveal in he palm . he flick a secondary switch and a tiny red light appear . barney she 's still in there ! christmas we be dyin’ here - blow it !! extreme close - up barney 's thumb be about to press the ignition button . barney cover I ! 249 a 249b 249c 250 251 252 253 second pink revision 5/11/09 103 he then jump out into the open and roll under a truck as bullet rain down on he . the expendables lay down ground cover . hale caesar 's remarkable weapon have the enemy temporarily in retreat . toll road take a shot in the forearm . toll road shit ! barney in the distance , he see sandra , monroe and paine flee . as he prepare to blow the building , machine gun FIRE kick up a wall of dirt and gravel that knock the detonator from he hand temporarily blind he . a red beret have barney in he sight . christmas see this , he jump from he concealment , blow the beret away . barney claw he way to the detonator and press . ext . palace entry monroe , sandra , paine be clear of the building when the explosion nearly knock they off they foot . palace explosion the palace be be blow up in section . ton of mortar crumble straight down into smoking pile of rubble . palace entry still drag sandra , monroe and paine move cautiously towards the helicopter . the expendables rush to a better vantage point and commence to unleash all of they fire power on the enemy . 254 254a 255 255a 256 257 258 259 259a second pink revision 5/11/09 104 explosion behind the attack ' expendables , 's we see the palace be literally dissect by surgical - like detonation . the powerful searchlight that sit atop the ornate building buckle then pitch forward . yang shoot out one of the light and the two soldier beside it . the courtyard be nearly envelop in darkness . barney with he .45 cal pistol he cut down two soldier as he sprint for cover behind arch along the courtyard wall . two other soldier flank he , but be blast away by yang . helicopter with blade whirling , monroe make he way toward the machine . toll road aim high along the courtyard and pick off a pair of soldier , that be man a machine gun . a granade land at he foot . with cat - like grace , he scoops it up and heave it at the chopper . christmas roll beneath the troop truck and fire at a group of soldier who be use the vehicle for cover . four troops drop to the ground in agony . christmas pull the pin on a grenade and roll away from the truck , which explode sky high , landing on two flee soldier . omitted omitted chopper the granade blow the chopper to piece . 260 261 261a 262 263 264 265 266 267 second pink revision 5/11/09 105 palace the structure continue to implode as the lethal charge continue to erupt , send ton of debris straight down into pile of rubble . monroe drag sandra behind a pile of smoldering debris that be once a military vehicle . his eye search wildly for a escape route . barney see sandra be pull away and fight he way in that direction . hale caesar start rythmically blast the military vehicle , which explode in a fiery ball . yang throw a grenade at the gas that flow along the fence . it erupt into a wall of hell as he roll and take out two red beret with he automatic rifle . monroe sandra and paine recoil from the flame and the explosion continue from opposite end of the doom palace . security fence explode in section . several soldier drop they weapon and flee . five red beret be catch in a crossfire set up by hale caesar and barney , who continue to aggressively pursue sandra . guard tower c-4 charge blow and the tower crumble . 268 269 270 271 271a 272 273 274 second pink revision 5/11/09 106 toll road two red beret try to flee from the wall of FIRE . toll road catch they flush , blast they back into the inferno . sandra , monroe and paine remain huddle behind smoldering debris . paine keep move ! hale caesar blast two soldier , one of which crash headlong into the fountain , then blow up the fountain with another blast . red beret catch a perfect angle of hale caesar and shoot . two slug bury themselves into the big man 's vest , spilling he to the ground . hale caesar God damn !!! monroe flee with sandra , try to get one of the few remain military vehicle . toll road out of ammo , he lunge at a flee soldier , smash he to the ground . christmas ducking behind a corner in the courtyard wall , he spin around and catch two soldier by surprise and plug they both with he .45 . gate a group of beat , terrify and cowardly soldier flee through the damage gate . 276 277 277a 278 279 280 281 283 second pink revision 5/11/09 107 hale caesar still down he target the fuel dump and fire . the dump erupt into a hellacious fireball . christmas three soldier be head toward the gate when he jump out with a .45 in each hand . yang use he amazing kick ability , couple with the .45 's , in what seem no more than a split second , four soldier be go . omitted omitted barney a grenade explode nearby . drop to one knee , he see monroe , paine and sandra dash to another location . garza' tower the explosion have run they course , but the tower be damage though still stand . several soldier be pin down caesar . his wound be hamper he ability to move quickly . a super weapon commence to blast away at the weaken structure . if it topple properly , it will bury the red beret who have he pin down . palace the explosive round be tear the base of the building apart . the palace tower be beginning to tilt when the ammo run out . the dig in soldier now zero in for the kill . toll road dive into view as hale caesar toss the weapon to he and slam in a fresh drum of explosive ammo . hale caesar finish it . 291 292 293 294 second pink revision 5/11/09 108 toll road blast away and the palace tower collapse in a fury debris directly on top of the enemy soldier . the battle be over . the last remaining soldier flee into the night , leave the remain of the burning palace far behind . ext . palace - night monroe frantically look around for a escape route . monroe this way ! monroe start to move into the dark area of the surround jungle . flame be at they back . barney be in hot pursuit . palace wood monroe , sandra and paine be look for a escape route . barney Monroe ! they all freeze and turn towards barney who stand twenty yard in front of they . paine immediately shoot and barney manage to find safety behind a tree . christmas hear the shot and head off in that direction . paine fire several more time . monroe ( to paine ) stop fire ! ( to barney ) step out or a bullet 's go in she head . monroe jam a gun in sandra 's temple . monroe do not test I - step out - now ! second pink revision 5/11/09 109 barney drop he weapon and step out into the open . without a moment 's hesitation , monroe open fire , put a bullet into barney' left shoulder crumble he to the ground . sandra scream and try to instinctively go to he aid , but be yank back by paine . monroe you dumb bastard , I woulda pay double what the agency parasite pay you to stay away ! barney struggle up to one knee and manage to square off against he adversary . monroe you would have to be very dumb if you think I be gonna surrender to that parasite . I make all this work . my brain , my sweat and then they want I out . why ? because I see the big picture ? while the parasite and she father see life through a keyhole because they let emotion cloud judgement - emotion be the fuck cancer of intelligence ! barney eye sandra whose eye glow with anticipation . monroe ( lose it ) but we be both mercenary , we have no emotion , so why the hell have you come after I ?! barney I do not come after you , sick bitch - I come after she ! as monroe jam he pistol against sandra 's head , a hissing SOUND be hear . paine stiffen and wheeling around , show a regular throwing knife bury in he back . paine fire wildly into the smoke and darkness as christmas rush forward and heave gunnar 's massive bowie knife , which bury itself up to the hilt in paine 's thick chest . as monroe look on in horror , Sandra swing she elbow into Monroe 's side , freeing herself as barney draw he hide six shooter from the small of he back , and empty it in Monroe 's chest . yang , toll road and hale caesar wearily approach from behind ... sandra approach . christmas we do here ? * + HH hhh HH 294a second pink revision 5/11/09 110 barney look at he men and nod . barney ... look that way . sandra embrace he and the scene dissolves to sunrise . ext . pier - sunrise the seaplane prop spin to life . sandra stand with barney at the top of the stair . barney ( hand over a fold piece of paper ) the second account number 's mine - maybe it 's 1ll help get thing goin . 's sandra no , I can not . you have do so much . barney so have you - gift for a gift - take it . sandra ( very emotional ) will you come back ever ? barney can not say , but I promise you will always be near I . barney smile and hug she . she gently kiss he face and he prepare to move away . sandra ( softly ) ' tiene que encontrar un mujer que siempre se quedara despierto solo para verte dormir 's - someday you will find a woman who 's 1ll be happy just to watch you sleep . he smile and jog towards the idling plane . sandra start to turn , but be draw back as the plane 's engine roar to full power . she wipe a tear away as the plane glide towards a glorious sunrise that be ascend over the majestic horizon . * 295 295a 295b second pink revision 5/11/09 111 omitted omitted ext . tool 's - night tool be complete tattooing the image of the draw take from sandra 's truck on the inside of barney' right arm . Music be play . tool man , you be stick with she whether you like it or not - you cruisin 's that way again ? barney Nah , I go there for the wrong reason , leave for the right one - and how can I live without you . tool sick , but nice . tool 's girlfriend , cheyenne sit on one of the chopper strumm she newly paint guitar . hale caesar be sit in the incredible show car , smoking a cigar while move to the rhythm of the music rise from the car 's stereo . christmas and lacy be shoot pool against toll road and yang , who be not very good . yang shoot . christmas why be you guy embarrassin’ yourselves in front of this lady ? it 's sad . lacy stop pickin’ on they . they be try . yang strain to reach for a difficult shot cause both he foot to lift off the floor as he stretch across the pool table . christmas Yang , it 's not a bed , one foot on the floor . yang ( aim ) please close he mouth . christmas next time bring a ladder , Yang . + fh hk % * second pink revision 5/11/09 112 toll road you be windin’ up he complex . christmas ( to Yang ) want I to get you a parachute ? lacy please , just ignore he . yang ( to lacy ) maybe he 's mad ' cause you be have my child . christmas that hurt . yang sink the ball . the front door open and gunnar enter . hale caesar see he first . caesar ( rise ) there 's a damn zombie in the house ! welcome , brother . he go towards he . christmas , lacy , yang and toll road cease play . gunnar almost appear shy as he stand near barney and tool , who 's complete tattooing . tool welcome back from the dead , Big man . gunnar yeah , feel good . christmas remove gunnar 's large knife from rest on a stool near the pool table and head towards barney and gunnar . toll road , que still in hand , step up . only yang hang back and continue to shoot pool alone . lacy who 's that ? christmas Long story . toll road ( to gunnar ) how ya feelin’ ? * second pink revision 5/11/09 113 gunnar considerin 's he coulda kill I , lucky . hale caesar luck , hell , he ego 's bigger then a gumbo chef 's ass , but he hit what he want to hit . gunnar ( to barney ) thanks for bring I back . barney promise be a promise . tool 's girlfriend drift next to he . tool hey , darlin , 's what 's new ? christmas step over to gunnar . lacy 's at he side . christmas ( hand over gunnar 's knife ) you might want it back - gunnar thanks . get a chance to use it ? christmas yeah , come in handy , but the balance be a little off . ( gesture ) gunnar , this be my very nice but very homely girlfriend . lacy that 's sweet . ( to gunnar ) Nice to meet you . gunnar notice yang at the pool table . gunnar head towards he . tool gesture to christmas then pull out he knife . tool ( to cheyenne ) y’know darlin 's I be feelin’ terribly accurate at this moment . hundre buck . * + eh second pink revision 5/11/09 114 christmas ( to cheyenne ) if you want to impress she , buy she some nice earring instead . tool ( open he knife ) fear 's a terrible thing . gunnar go to yang . gunnar ...- hey , what can I say ? yang you be not yourself . gunnar yeah , that be not I - sorry . gunnar extend he hand . yang take it . yang but I would have win . gunnar ( smile ) ... never . tool and christmas square off . tool be still bait christmas . tool ( to the group ) yo , outcast , gather ' round ' cause ya gonna see a grow man cry . ( to Christmas ) a hundred buck and kleenex to weep into . christmas talk 's cheap . tool ( take aim ) like my cologne - darlin’ , you never give up , never give in , a boy versin’ a man can never win . tool snap forward and whip he knife with startling speed and it bury itself near hitler 's cheek . christmas shrug as the onlooker emit a variety of ' ooh 's and ' ah . 's * +h hk + eh % 295c second pink revision 5/11/09 115 christmas ( to barney ) that 's inspiring . ( to lacy ) inspirational . ( to the boy ) even intimidatin ... 's christmas turn he back away from the target and start to pace away ever so slowly . christmas ( recite ) '' there 's a dude know only as tool , crazy , but the epitome of cool . '' ext . STREET christmas open the parlor 's door and step onto the sidewalk . christmas ( still walk ) '' good with a knife , very bad with a wife , but braggin 's he will beat I , wow , cool tool have to be a world class fool . '' now stand in the middle of the street , christmas rapidly whip around , and with incredible accuracy , whip he knife directly into the center of hitler 's face . tool ( laugh ) man , lose to a bad poet , that do hurt . tool give he a hug . the room explode with a cheer . christmas and barney exchange smile of mutual admiration . suddenly a very loud hiss sound be hear and a massive bowie knife soar across the room , hit hitler in the chest with such force , it split the target completely in half . stun , everyone turn and face gunnar , who look terribly embarrassed . gunnar checkin 's the balance . + ff hhh HH fh * + eh * 296 second pink revision 5/11/09 116 barney do not worry about it . we ’1ll take it out of you pay . at that moment , hale caesar turn up the music and the festive mood kick in as we dissolve out of tool 's and into the street where the camera soar high above tool 's building and beyond . the end . omitted alternate ending may be : the expendables leave tool 's social club astride the incredible look chopper and fade into the hot night air . *