" thelma &amp ; louise " by callie khouri final shoot script JUNE 5 , 1990 fade in : int . restaurant - morning ( present day ) louise be a waitress in a coffee shop . she be in she early - thirty , but too old to be do this . she be very pretty and meticulously groom , even at the end of she shift . she be slamm dirty coffee cup from the counter into a bus tray underneath the counter . it be make a lot of racket , which she be oblivious to . there be country muzak in the b.g. , which she hum along with . int . thelma's kitchen - morning thelma be a housewife . it 's morning and she be slamm coffee cup from the breakfast table into the kitchen sink , which be full of dirty breakfast dish and some stuff leave from last night 's dinner which have to " soak " . she be still in she nightgown . the tv be on in the b.g. from the kitchen , we can see a incomplete wallpaper project go on in the dining room , a obvious " do - it - yourself " attempt by thelma . int . restaurant - morning Louise go to the pay phone and dial a number . int . thelma's kitchen - morning phone ring . thelma go over to answer it . thelma ( holler ) I get it ! hello . int . restaurant - morning louise ( at pay phone ) I hope you be pack , little housewife , ' cause we be outta she tonight . int . thelma's kitchen - morning thelma well , wait now . I still have to ask darryl if I can go . louise ( v.o. ) you mean you have not ask he yet ? for Christ sake , thelma , be he you husband or you father ? it 's just two day . for God 's sake , thelma . do not be a child . just tell he you be goin ' with I , for cryin ' out loud . tell he I be havin ' a nervous breakdown . thelma have the phone tuck under she chin , as she cut out coupon from the newspaper and pin they on a bulletin board already cover with they . we see various recipe tear out from woman 's magazine along the line of " 101 Ways to cook pork . " thelma he already think you be out of you mind , Louise , that do not carry much weight with darryl . be you at work ? louise ( v.o. ) no , I be callin ' from the playboy mansion . thelma I will call you right back . thelma go through the live room to the bottom of the stair and lean on the banister . thelma darryl ! honey , you would better hurry up . darryl come trot down the stair . polyester be make for this man , and he 's drip in " man 's " jewelry . he manage a carpeteria . darryl damnit , thelma , do not holler like that ! have not I tell you I can not stand it when you holler in the morning . thelma I be sorry , doll , I just do not want you to be late . darryl be check himself out in the hall mirror , and it 's obvious he like what he see . he exude over - confidence for reason that never become apparent . he like to think of himself as a real lady killer . he be make imperceptible adjustment to he over - mouss hair . thelma watch approvingly . thelma hon. darryl what . thelma ( she decide not to tell he ) have a good day at work today . darryl uh-huh . thelma hon ? darryl what ?! thelma you want anything special for dinner ? darryl no , thelma , I do not give a shit what we have for dinner . I may not even make it home for dinner . you know how Fridays be . thelma funny how so many people wanna buy carpet on a Friday night . you would almost think they 's want to forget about it for the weekend . darryl well then , it 's a good thing you be not regional manager and I be . he 's finally ready . he walk to the door and give thelma the most perfunctory kiss on the cheek . thelma ' bye , honey . I will not wait up . darryl see ya . darryl leave . we see he corvette park out front . as he close the front door , thelma lean against it . thelma he 's gonna shit . thelma laugh to herself . she go back into the kitchen and pick up the phone and dial it . int . restaurant - morning the pay phone on the wall ring . albert , a busboy in he 50' , answer . albert good morning . why , yes , she be . be this thelma ? oh , thelma , when you gonna run away with I ? Louise come over and take the phone out of he hand . louise ( to Albert ) not this weekend , sweetie , she 's runnin ' away with I . ( into phone ) hi . what would he say ? thelma ( v.o. ) what time be you gonna pick I up ? louise you be kiddin ' ! alright ! I will be there around two or three . thelma ( v.o. ) what kind of stuff do I bring ? louise I do not know . warm stuff , I guess . it 's the mountain . I guess it get cold at night . I be just gonna bring everything . thelma ( v.o. ) okay . I will , too . louise and steal darryl 's fishin ' stuff . thelma ( v.o. ) I do not know how to fish , Louise . louise neither do I , thelma , but darryl do it , how hard can it be ? I will see you later . be ready . they both hang up . ext . restaurant - day Louise pull out in a green ' 66 T - Bird in mint condition . int . thelma's bedroom - closeup - suitcase on bed - day go into the suitcase be bathing suit , wool sock , flannel pajamas , jeans , sweater , t-shirt , a couple of dress , way too much stuff for a two - day trip . reveal thelma , stand in front of a closet , try to decide what else to bring , as if she 's forget something . the room look like it be decorate entirely from a sear catalog . it 's really frilly . int . louise's bedroom - closeup - suitcase on bed - day a perfectly order suitcase , everything neatly fold and orderly . Three pair of underwear , one pair of long underwear , two pair of pants , two sweater , one furry robe , one nightgown . she could be pack for camp . reveal Louise . her room be as orderly as the suitcase . everything match . it 's not quite as frilly as thelma 's , but it be of the same ilk . she be debate whether to take a extra pair of sock . she decide not to and close the suitcase . she go to the phone , pick it up and dial . we hear : answering machine ( v.o. ) hi. this be Jimmy . I be not here right now , but I will probably be back ' cause ... all my stuff 's here . leave a message . Louise slam down the phone . a frame picture of Louise and Jimmy sit on the table next to the phone . she matter - of - factly slam that face down , too . int . thelma's bedroom - day thelma be still throw stuff in , randomly now . she talk to herself quietly the whole time . she be take stuff off of she nightstand , a small clock , fingernail scissors , etc . she open the drawer of she nightstand . her attitude be purposeful ; she look as if she know exactly what she 's do ; although , frankly , she have no idea , and each decision be completely arbitrary . as she rifle through it , pluck various item from among the jumble content , we see there be a gun in there , one darryl buy she for protection . it be unload , but there be a box of bullet . she pick up the gun like it 's a rat by the tail and put it in she purse . thelma ( mutter to herself ) psycho killer ... she grab the box of bullet and throw they in , too . she try to close she suitcase , but there be stuff hang out all over the place . she stuff thing back in the side and heave all she weight against the top . ext . thelma's house - day Louise 's green ' 66 t- Bird convertible pull into the driveway of thelma 's house . the garage door go up and thelma be stand in the garage with all she gear . a suitcase that look like it might explode , fishing gear , a cooler , a lantern . thelma 's car , a beat - up gray Honda , be park in there , too . Louise get out of the driver 's seat . louise we do not need the lantern . the place have electricity . thelma I wanna take it anyway . just in case . louise in case of what ? thelma in case there 's some escape psycho killer on the loose , who cut the electricity off and try to come in and kill we . louise ( go along with she ) oh yeah , sure , thelma , that lantern will come in real handy . maybe we could tow you car behind , in case he steal the spark plug . thelma we would have to . that thing barely make it down the driveway . they load everything into the car . the trunk barely close . thelma heave all she weight against it . they get into the car and pull out of the driveway . as they drive down the street , we hear thelma let out a long howl . she be laugh and she stick she arm straight up in the air . ext . car - day they be drive down the interstate . thelma reach for she purse and find the gun . thelma Louise , will you take care of the gun ? Louise shriek at the sight of it . louise why in hell do you bring that ? thelma wonder if Louise be really that naive . thelma oh , come on , Louise ... psycho killer , bear ... snake ! I just do not know how to use it . so will you take care of it ? Louise reach over and take the gun out of thelma 's purse and hold it in she hand . she test the weight of it , and then put it under the seat . thelma put the bullet under the seat . they be speed off down the highway with the radio blaring . Louise put in a tape of wild r&amp ; B music . thelma whose place be this again ? louise it 's Bob 's , the day manager 's . he 's gettin ' a divorce , so he wife 's gettin ' this place , so he 's just lettin ' all he friend use it till he have to turn over the key . thelma I have never have the chance to go out of town without darryl . louise how come he let you go ? thelma ' Cause I do not ask he . louise aw , shit , thelma , he 's gonna kill you . thelma well , he have never let I go . he never let I do one goddamn thing that 's any fun . all he want I to do be hang around the house the whole time while he 's out do God only know what . they be both silent for a minute . thelma ( look straight ahead ) I leave he a note . I leave he stuff to microwave . after a pause . thelma I guess you have not hear anything from Jimmy ... yet ? Louise 's jaw tighten . the car speed up . thelma ... never mind . a huge semi-tanker carry gas pass they on the highway and honk . the mud flap be the shiny silhouettes of naked woman . there be a bumper sticker on the back that say : " lick you all over -- ten cent . " louise one of you friend ? thelma be watch herself in the side mirror , pretend to smoke a cigarette . thelma's Pov of a sign alongside the road that read " see you in church on Sunday ! " thelma push in the lighter and wait for it to pop out . Louise give she a sidelong glance , but do not say anything . int . car - country road - day thelma how much longer be it gonna be ? I be hungry . louise another hour of so . we have get enough food for a month . thelma I will never make it ... can not we stop just for a few minute ... louise we have not gonna get to the cabin till after dark as it be , thelma . thelma then what difference do it make if we stop ? come on . I never get to do stuff like this . Louise realize that thelma be go to revert to a teenager and continue whining unless she give in . louise alright , but it 's gonna be a quick stop . ext . silver bullet - night they pull off at a place down on the right all light up with neon . it 's call the silver bullet . the sign flash cocktail -- Beer -- dancing -- food . there be a huge gravel parking lot with lot of pickup truck and older car . even though it 's early , you can tell this place be a real night spot . it 's already pretty crowded . int . silver bullet - night this place be jumpin' . there be ten pool table with crowd all around . the long bar be fill with customer . there be table and booth . the room be dense with smoke . there be a dance floor , but no one be dance yet because the band be still set up . there be a lot of single man . many head turn and follow thelma and Louise to a empty table . louise I have not see a place like this since I leave Texas . thelma be not this fun ? a waitress come over and drop two menus on the table . waitress y'all wanna drink ? louise no thanks . thelma I will have Wild Turkey straight up and a Coke back , please . as the waitress leave : louise thelma ! thelma tell I somethin' . be this my vacation or be not it ? I mean , God , you be as bad as darryl . louise I just have not see you like this in a while . I be use to see you more sedate . thelma well , I have have it up to my ass with sedate ! you say you and I be gonna get outta town and , for once , just really let we hair down . well , darlin , ' look out ' cause my hair be comin ' down ! as the waitress return : louise ( laugh ) alright ... ( to waitress ) I change my mind . I will have a margarita with and a shot of cuervo on the side , please . thelma yeah ! as the waitress leave , a man come over with a chair which he pull up to the table and straddle backwards . he be in he late - 40' , heavyset , he face be shiny in the neon light . man now what be a couple of kewpie doll like you doin ' in a place like this ? louise mindin ' we own business , why do not you try it . thelma well , we leave town for the weekend ' cause we want to try and have a good time . and because Louise here be mad because she boyfriend will not call she while he 's out on the road ... Louise kick thelma under the table . thelma ( quieter ) we just want to get something ' to eat . man well , you come to the right place . you like chili ? they get good chili . the waitress return with Louise 's drink . waitress harlan , be you botherin' this poor girl ? harlan ( man ) Hell , no . I be just bein ' friendly . waitress ( make eye contact with Louise ) it 's a good thing they be not all as friendly as you . Louise understand . thelma you name 's harlan ? I get a uncle name harlan ! harlan you do ? be he a funny uncle ? ' Cause if he be , then he and I get something ' in common . harlan laugh . thelma laugh , too , but do not really get the joke . Louise do not laugh . louise ( to harlan ) I do not mean to be rude , but I have get something I need to talk to my friend about . in private . harlan aw , I understand . I do not mean to bother ya . it 's just hard not to notice two such pretty lady as yourselves . ( stand , to thelma ) you better dance with I before you leave , or I will never forgive you . thelma oh , sure . that would be fun . harlan leave , then : thelma jeez , Louise , that be not very nice . louise can not you tell when somebody 's hittin ' on you ? thelma so what if he be ? it 's all you year of waitin ' table have make you jade , that 's all . louise maybe . thelma well , just relax , will ya . you be makin ' I nervous . thelma knock back she shot of Wild Turkey and hold up she glass to the waitress to bring she another one . the waitress see she and nod . she turn back to face she friend . thelma so , Jimmy still have not call yet ? louise givin ' he a taste of he own medicine . asshole . thelma I be sorry , Louise . I know you be all upset . it 's just I be so excited to be out of the house , I guess . ( pause ) I wonder if darryl 's home yet . louise I wonder if Jimmy 's get back . thelma why do not you tell he to just to get lose once and for all ? louise why do not you ditch that loser husband of yours ? they both drift off momentarily , contemplate they domestic problem , until the waitress come over : waitress ( roll she eye ) this one 's on harlan . thelma look over at the bar where harlan be grin at she , make dance motion . she smile and wave at he . her face become serious again as she turn back to Louise . thelma Jimmy will come in off the road , you will not be there , he will freak out and call you a hundred thousand time , and Sunday night you will call he back and , by Monday . he will be kissin ' the ground you walk on . thelma 's mind go too fast for she mouth , and the speed at which she speak can be staggering . Louise be use to it . Louise smile wistfully at thelma 's assessment of the situation . louise exactly . thelma in the meantime , you say we be gonna have some fun . so let 's have some ! she again drink she whole shot of Wild Turkey and hold up she glass , as the band strike up a lively tune . practically the whole place " whoops " and head for the dance floor . Louise drink she shot of tequila and hold up she glass , too . later thelma be dance with harlan and have be for quite a while . Louise have be dance with a quiet guy name dan . thelma be breathless , drunk and giggly . she hold a beer bottle in one hand . she be laugh a lot about nothing , and harlan be study she closely . Louise notice this . louise ( over the noise ) thelma , I be gonna hit the little girl ' room , and then we gotta hit the road . thelma ( eye close , sway with the music ) ready when you be . Louise head off to the bathroom . thelma ( eye still close ) Louise , I be gonna come with you . ( she get a funny look on she face ) I do not feel so good . she stumble a step and drop she beer bottle . Louise be head towards the bathroom , where there be a line of at least fifteen woman in front of she . harlan ( catch thelma , copping feel ) oopsy -doopsy . we need to get you some fresh air , little lady . he steer she towards the door . Louise lean against the wall , wait in line . CUT to : ext . silver bullet parking lot - night harlan be haul thelma out the door into the parking lot . she be pretty limp . thelma oh shit . harlan what 's wrong ? thelma stop . harlan what for ? thelma I be spin . int . silver bullet - night the waitress be go over to they table . she pick up thelma 's purse off the floor and put it on she chair . she set the check on the table , look around to see if she can see they and walk away . int . bathroom - night Louise go into the bathroom . she stand in front of the sink and look at herself in the mirror . ext . parking lot - night thelma have be sick . she have harlan 's handkerchief and be wiping she mouth . harlan have back off for this part , but he 's right back in there . harlan how you feelin ' now , darlin' ? harlan be lean close to thelma 's head , and she pull she head away . thelma I guess I be startin ' to feel a little better . harlan yeah , you be startin ' to feel pretty good to I , too . he pull she to he and try to put he arm around she . thelma pull away . thelma ( uncomfortable ) I think I need to keep walk . int . silver bullet - night Louise come out of the bathroom as the next woman go in . she scan the room look for thelma . she do not see she . she go over to the table and see thelma 's stuff there . she pick up the check and look at it . ext . silver bullet parking lot - night harlan have lead thelma off to the far end of the parking lot . he be try to kiss she now . he be push she arm down and turn she head away . thelma do not . I be marry . I do not feel good . I have be sick . harlan it 's okay . I be marry , too . harlan be push himself on she now , and she be beginning to push he away harder . int . silver bullet - night Louise be pay the waitress . the waitress be shaking she head , indicate she have not see thelma either . Louise pick up thelma 's stuff and head towards the door . ext . silver bullet parking lot - night harlan have now pin thelma against the back of a car and be kissing she neck . he have she ass in he hand . he be beginning to hump she . she be push he away as hard as she can , but he be relentless . harlan ( breathe heavily ) you be beautiful . it 's okay . I will not hurt you . it 's okay . thelma ( struggle ) stop it ! goddamnit , I mean it ! Louise be gonna wonder where I be . let go ! harlan Louise be alright . louise be now stand outside the door of the Silver bullet . she be look around . harlan be pull at thelma 's clothes . thelma get one of she arm free and hit he hard in the face . he hit she back and grab she face , squeezing it hard . harlan do not you hit I ! do not you fuck hit I ! there be no trace of friendliness in he face now . he look mean and dangerous . he let go of she face and pin she arm behind she . he hold both of she arm with one hand . harlan you just shut up . with he free hand , he reach down and start to pull she dress up . thelma be still struggle and there be tear run down she face . thelma do not hurt I . harlan . please . harlan shut up . he turn she around , push she face down onto the back of the car . he hold both she arm in one hand and continue pull she dress up over she hip . he start to undo he pants as we hear the crunch of gravel . louise ( o.s. ) let she go . harlan get lose . thelma Louise ! tight shot of the barrel of thelma 's gun be press into the nape of harlan 's neck . Louise 's thumb pull back the hammer . louise you let she go , you fat fuck asshole , or I be gonna splatter you ugly face all over this nice car . harlan slowly raise he hand in the air , and thelma dart out , pull she dress down . harlan now , calm down . we be just havin ' a little fun . Louise glance at thelma . thelma shake she head no . louise look like you have get a real fuck up idea of fun . now turn around . Louise start to back away , but the gun be still close to he face . his pants be undone in the front . she be still back away with the gun raise . thelma be inching away as well . louise just for the future , when a woman 's cry like that , she 's not have any fun ! Louise lower the gun and stare at he for a second . then she turn and walk away . thelma do , too . harlan ( pull up he pants ) bitch . I should have go ahead and fuck she . Louise stop in she track . louise what do you say ? harlan I say suck my cock . Louise take two long stride back towards he , raise the gun and fire a bullet into he face . we hear he body hit the gravel parking lot . louise's Pov . the car behind he be splatter with blood . thelma and Louise be both silent . we hear the SOUND of the nightclub in the distance . Louise lower the gun . thelma oh my God . louise get the car . thelma Jesus Christ ! Louise , you shot he . louise get the car ! thelma run to get the car . louise ( quietly , to herself ) you watch you mouth , buddy . thelma come careen up in reverse . Louise hop in and thelma peel out , spraying gravel . as they speed out of the parking lot back to the road , we hear music blaring from the nightclub . they hit the main road with tire squealing . louise get back to the interstate . Louise lift she hand and notice she be still hold the gun . thelma shit! I ... I , which way ? louise West . Left . ext . car - distancing shot - night they get onto the interstate go west . traveling shot from behind -- various drive shot int . car - night Louise pick up the handkerchief from the car seat and wipe the gun off . her movement be as if in slow motion . she put the gun under the seat . thelma be watch she . thelma Louise . Louise do not answer . thelma Louise . where be we go ? louise ( shaking ) I do not know , thelma ! I do not know ! just shut up a minute so I can think . thelma start to cry quietly . thelma should not we go to the cop ? I mean , I think we should tell the police . louise tell they what ?! what , thelma ? what do you think we should tell they ? thelma I do not know . just tell them what happen . louise which part ? thelma all of it . that he try to rape I . louise only about a hundred people see you cheek to goddamn cheek with he all night , thelma ! who 's gonna believe that ?! we just do not live in that kind of world . pull over ! ext . interstate - night thelma pull off to the side of the road . Louise get out and start to walk around the car . she stop when she get to the back of the car , and she be sick . thelma wait in the car and move over to the passenger side . Louise get in the driver 's side . thelma Louise ... be you alright ? Louise rest she head on the steering wheel . louise oh Christ . ( to thelma ) thelma . thelma do not hear . louise thelma . thelma look at she blankly , without answer . louise I have gotta stop for a minute . I have get to get it together . I be gonna find a place to get a cup of coffee and I be gonna sit down for a second . do you want to come ? thelma 's head move almost imperceptibly . Louise study thelma 's face . louise be that yes ? be you up to this ? again , thelma slightly move she head in a nod . Louise put the car in gear and pull out of shot . ext . truck stop - restaurant - night the green ' 66 t- Bird pull into a modern truck stop and park . Louise turn to thelma . louise we gotta be inconspicuous . do you know what that mean ? thelma yes . louise it mean you do not talk to anybody . you do not draw attention to yourself in any way . do you understand that ? again , she twitches more than nod . louise tell I you understand that . thelma nod more firmly now . she understand . various Pov shot of truck driver see thelma and Louise wind they way towards the restaurant portion of the coffee shop . they look small and incongruous with the surroundings . int . truck stop - tight shot - waitress ' hand - 4 a.m. slamm dirty coffee cup from the counter into a bus tray underneath the counter . reveal Louise and thelma sit at the counter . Louise be look at a map . the car be park outside , near the door . louise ( halfway to herself ) we have to think this through . we have to be smart . now be not the time to panic . if we panic now , we be do for . nobody see it . nobody know it be we . we be still okay . now all we have to do be just figure out we next move . thelma we next move ? I will say one thing , Louise . this be some vacation . I sure be have a good time . this be real fun . louise if you be not so concerned with have a good time , we would not be here right now . thelma just what be that suppose to mean ? louise it mean shut up , thelma . thelma so this be all my fault , be it . Louise look at thelma for a long time . louise just shut up . the waitress come and fill they coffee cup . thelma stand up to go to the bathroom . she grab she purse from the counter , and the strap catch on she coffee cup and it fall to the floor with a crash . all head turn and look at she . thelma I have to go to the bathroom . I ... sorry . hold on Louise . ext . silver bullet parking lot - 4:00 a.m. Police car be park around . the activity have die down . Doors on the coroner 's van slam shut . in the back of a police car sit the waitress with the door open . a detective in a suit lean over the car door with he note pad . hal could you identify them , if ya see them again ? lena ( waitress ) hal , I have tell you about twenty time , yes , I could identify them , but neither one of they be the type to pull something like this . hal well , you be not exactly a expert witness , but what make you so sure ? lena if waitin ' table in a bar do not make you a expert on human nature , then nothin ' will , and I could have tell you that harlan puckett would end up buyin ' it in a parkin ' lot . I be just surprised it do not happen before now . hal who do you think do it ? lena have anybody ask he wife ? she 's the one I hope do it . hal lena , just cut the bullshit , will ya ? do have any idea or do not ya ? I be standin ' in this stupid parkin ' lot all goddamn night , and I still get to go file a report before I can go home in time to get back up again ! lena well , if I have to guess , I would say it be some ol ' gal , some ol ' gal 's husband . but it be not either one of that two . the tall one , the redhead , she leave I a huge tip . hal you do not happen to notice what kind of car they be drive ? lena it 's a nightclub , not a drive - in , hal . I do not follow the customer to the parking lot . hal alright , lena . go on home . we might have to call you in for some more question . lena get out of the back of the car . lena that girl be not the murderous type . int . pay phone - night outside the bathroom there be a pay phone . thelma pick it up and dial . thelma ( into phone ) collect from thelma . there be no answer . int . thelma's house - night phone ring . various shot of the interior of the empty dickinson house : the bedroom exactly as thelma leave it . the drawer of the nightstand still open . the note to darryl tape to the refrigerator . the interior of the microwave with a now completely thaw microwave dinner still in the package in a little puddle . int . truck stop - night thelma thanks . I will try later . she hang up and go into the bathroom . as the door close behind she , Louise come up with a handful of change and start put it into the phone . she dial a number . it ring for a long time . she hang up and go into the bathroom . she look at herself in the mirror . she notice a tiny speck on she cheek . she take a paper towel and wet it and rub the spot . she look at the towel and there be a bright red streak . louise thelma ... come on , thelma ! the door of the stall fly open and thelma come charge out and head straight for the door , without even look at Louise . Louise charge out after she . they head out of the restaurant and , through the window , we see they get into the car and drive away . ext . car - drive shot - dawn the t-bird barrel down a fairly empty four- lane highway . a truck pass go the other way . int . car - dawn the top be down on the car , and thelma be slouched on the seat , she hair blow wildly . louise we be gonna go to the next town and stop . we will get a motel room . I can rest for a while and then figure out how to get some money . we be gonna need money . thelma . how much money do you have with you ? thelma what ? oh , I do not know . let I look . thelma be rummage through she purse . she find she wallet and take it out . thelma find some bill stuff in the change compartment and take they out . she straighten the money out . thelma sixty -four dollar . as she be count it , one of the bill fly out of she hand . thelma 's not that good at handle money . thelma umm . shit. forty -four dollar . Louise have not notice any of this . she be so intent on she drive . thelma I be cash poor . louise hmmm . we gotta get some money . ext . motel - establishing shot - day the motel be near farm and agricultural area with crop . int . motel room - day ( 6 a.m. ) the curtain be open and we can see the car park right outside the room . thelma be lie on the bed stare up at the ceiling . Louise be bustling around the room , put thing in drawer . thelma why be you unpack ? you say we be just gonna take a nap . Louise do not realize she be do it . louise oh , I do not know . I be just nervous . I gotta figure out what to do . thelma well , when you figure it out , wake I up . louise just what the hell be wrong with you ? Louise slam the closet door . thelma jump . thelma what do you mean ? louise why be you actin ' like this ? thelma actin ' like what ?! how be I suppose to act ? ' scuse I for not know what to do after you blow somebody 's head off ! they be silent for a moment . louise you could help I try and figure it out ! I gotta figure out what to do , and you could try and help I . thelma I suggest we go to the police , but you do not like that ; so , frankly , Louise , I be all out of idea . louise well , what 's the big rush , thelma ? if we just give them some time , they will come to we ...! oh Christ . I be just not ready to go to jail yet . why do not you go out to the pool or something and I will figure it out ... thelma give I the key . louise you be not touchin ' that car . thelma my stuff 's in the trunk ! God ! you care more about that car than you do about most people . louise most people just cause I trouble , but that car always get I out of it . int . police garage - day hal be at the police station where they be dusting the car with harlan all over it for print . hal look closely at the back of the car . he hold he hand over two set of hand print . he move he hand to the outside of the print so as not to smear they , and put he hand on the car . his face be one inch away from the trunk . he see a very clear drop of blood . it 's different than any of the other blood splatter on the car . he call the identification technician over and point it out . hal ( point ) what 's that ? the i.d. tech come over and look and shrug he shoulder . i.d. tech blood ? hal whose ? i.d. tech his , I guess ... hal make a face like he suddenly feel a slight toothache . he stare at the guy . hal you guess ? hal take out a black sharpie and draw a circle around the area of the black smudge and the drop of blood . he shake he head slightly . ext . motel - day thelma come out of the room and walk towards the pool . she stop , then decide to go on to the pool . she lie down in a lounge chair face the road . int . motel room - day Louise in the motel room . she 's look at the phone . she pick it up and dial it and watch herself in the mirror . she stare as if she 's try to see into herself , see through herself . ext . motel pool - day thelma arrange herself in a lounge chair , try desperately to feel like she 's on vacation . int . motel room - day answering machine ( v.o. ) hi. this be Jimmy . I be not here right now ... a voice interrupt the message : jimmy ( v.o. ) hello ! I be here . hang on a minute ! the machine switch off . int . jimmy apartment - day jimmy , mid -30' , musician , be stand in the kitchen on the phone . he 's not the type you would expect Louise to like , not quite straight - look enough . louise ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) Jimmy ... int . motel room - day Louise be look at herself on the phone in the mirror . she be very choke up . jimmy ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) Louise ! where be you ? be you alright ? honey ... louise hi. I be okay . how be you ? Long time no see . jimmy ( v.o. ) Louise , honey ... where be you ? you sound funny . Louise be still look at herself in the mirror , as if she 's never see herself before . louise I be funny . I be real funny . jimmy ( v.o. ) be you in town ? this sound long distance . louise no , I be out of town . I be in ... I be in real deep shit , Jimmy . deep shit Arkansas . jimmy ( v.o. ) Louise , just tell I what the hell be go on here ! I come back , nobody know where you be . be thelma with you ? darryl 's be callin ' here every half - hour sayin ' he 's gonna kill you both when you get back , he 's goin ' nut . I do not envy she if she be . ext . motel pool - day thelma at pool bask in the sun . int . motel room - day jimmy ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) where would y'all go ? louise fishing . look , Jimmy ... I need you to help I . this be serious . I be in trouble and I need you to help I . can you do that ? int . jimmy apartment - day Jimmy be shocked by the gravity of she tone of voice . he realize this be very serious . jimmy yes , yes , darlin ' . I can help you . tell I where you be . int . motel room - day Louise cover the mouthpiece with she hand . she be try very hard not to cry . louise I have a savings account with about sixty - seven hundred dollar in it . now I know you will not be able to get it out , but I be good for it . I need that money . can you wire I the sixty - seven hundred dollar and I will pay you back ? please , I be desperate . jimmy ( v.o. ) what the fuck be go on ? louise something real bad have happen and I can not tell you what , just that it 's bad and I do it and I can not undo it . can you help I ? jimmy ( v.o. ) of course . of course ! where ? can not I bring it to you ? for God 's sake , baby , please , just tell I what 's happen , what could possibly be so bad ? Louise sit on the edge of the bed . she be look at she hand . louise Jimmy ? she take the ring that she wear on she leave hand and turn it around backwards to make it look like a wedding band . louise do you love I ? jimmy ( v.o. ) Christ , sure ... yes ! louise Wire it to the western Union in Oklahoma City , int . jimmy apartment - day jimmy you be in Oklahoma ?! louise ( v.o. ) not yet . jimmy Louise , let I call you back after I wire it , so you will know which office to go to . louise ( v.o. ) can not it go to any office ? jimmy no , for that much money I have to tell they exactly which office . I know , I have have to have money wire to I on the road . and there have to be a code word or they will not give it to you . I will have to tell you the code . int . motel room - day louise tell I now . jimmy ( v.o. ) call I back . louise okay . I will call you back . in a hour . do not tell darryl . jimmy ( v.o. ) I know . call I back . Louise , I love you , okay ? louise okay . ext . motel pool - day thelma by the pool . a car screech , a loud horn honk . louise ( bellow ) come on , thelma ! get in the car ! thelma bolt upright and grab she sundress and dash to the car . she jump in over the door . she 's in a mild state of shock . thelma do you finish think ? louise I think better when I drive . Louise peel out of the parking lot . int . police station - major' office - day hal be in the office talk to he superior . he stand in front of the desk with he hand in he pocket while he major sit behind the desk look troubled . hal all we know be there be two woman in a green t- Bird convertible that turn leave out of the parking lot , go real fast . we be try to get a make on the car , but nothin ' yet . so far , we get nothin' . major well , you would best get something . even if they do not do it , it time out that they most likely witness it . I want somebody to at least talk to them . put out a apb with a description and see what we get back . hal alright . major be there any reason to believe they have leave the state ? hal that 's certainly possible . major why do not we go ahead and let the bureau in on this . hal I have no problem with that . major somebody 's butt be gonna bar -b-que . ext . car - farmland - drive shot - day int . car - day thelma do not get mad , Louise , but where be we go ? louise Oklahoma City . Jimmy 's gonna wire I some money , and then ... thelma you talk to he ?! be he mad ? do you tell he ? louise no , I do not tell he . and that 's something we gotta get straight . darryl 's be callin' , mad as a hornet , makin ' all kind of noise . when you talk to he , you can not say anything about this . you gotta make sure everything sound normal . thelma I call the asshole at 4:00 in the morning and he be not even home . I do not know what he 's get to be mad about . I be the one who should be mad . louise I have be tellin ' you that for the last ten year . thelma do you think darryl 's have a affair ? louise I do not think darryl be mature enough to conduct a affair . thelma but you think he fool around . louise thelma , I be go to Mexico . I think I can make it in two and a half day , but I be go to have to haul ass . be you up to this ? I mean , I have to know . this be not a game . I be in deep shit . I gotta know what you be gonna do . thelma I ... I do not know . I do not know what you be askin ' I . louise do not you fall apart on I . goddamnit , thelma . every time we get in trouble , you go blank or plead insanity or some such shit , and this time ... not this time . everything 's change now ... now you can do whatever you want , but I be go to Mexico . I be go . be you come with I ? thelma be stare down the road . she do not answer . then : thelma I think he do . fool around . ext . car - farmland - drive shot - day int . police station - interrogation room - day tight shot of a " indent - a - kit " likeness of Louise . on a table nearby lie a draw strongly resembling thelma . lena , the waitress , sit next to the plain-clothes cop who hold the indent - a- kit . hal pick up the draw and study it closely . ext . SMALL country town - day the t- Bird roll into town . ext . country store - day Louise and thelma pull up in front of a old store , the kind with a wooden front porch , the kind that sell bait and flannel shirt . they enter the store and see a old man behind the counter . louise do you have a pay phone ? old man ' round the side , by the restroom . Louise get change while thelma stroll around look at rubber worm and pickle pig ' foot . Louise go out to the phone . ext . pay phone - day Louise drop change into the phone . it ring and Jimmy answer . int . jimmy apartment - day jimmy Louise ! ext . pay phone - day louise be that how you answer the phone ? jimmy ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) I get it . I be afraid I would miss you . I almost could not get a check cashed . it 's Saturday . louise who do it ? jimmy ( v.o. ) friend of mine , own a club . dickie randall . you would know he if you see he . his brother be in you class . Terry . louise you do not say what it be for , do you ? jimmy ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) no , honey . I tell he I be buyin ' a car . what be it for ? louise ( not respond to the question ) good . that be good . where do I go ? jimmy ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) it 's a place call Shaw 's siesta Motel . the address be 1921 North East 23 . it 's under you name . louise and what 's the mysterious code word ? jimmy ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) peaches . louise what ? jimmy ( v.o. ) that 's the code word . I miss you , peach . Louise roll she eye and try not to melt . louise okay , Jimmy . thanks . she put she finger down on the receiver . int . jimmy apartment - day Jimmy be still hold the phone to he ear . jimmy Louise ? int . country store - day thelma in store buy gum , beef jerky . next to the cash register on the counter on display be that little tiny bottle of liquor . thelma pick up a little bottle of Wild Turkey and put in on the counter . the Old man ring it up . she take another one and put it on the counter . the Old man be still ringing stuff up . she take two more and put they on the counter . she take the rest of the little bottle of Wild Turkey out of the display and put they on the counter . she take one little bottle of cuervo and put it down on the counter , too . the Old man finally look at she . from the wall behind he , he take a pint of Wild Turkey down . old man ma'am , be you sure you would not rather have the large economy size ? ext . pay phone - day Louise be hang up the phone . she walk away towards the front of the store . ext . country store - day thelma come out of the front of the store . the store be at a crossroad with a fair amount of vehicular traffic . louise go call darryl . thelma be walk towards the car . she put she purse in the front seat . she look at Louise . thelma call he ? louise call he . do not tell he anything . tell he you be have a wonderful time and you will be home tomorrow night . thelma will I be ? louise I do not know . I will not be . thelma and Louise look at each other while this sink in . thelma walk around to the side of the building to the phone . she pick it up and dial . thelma ( into phone ) collect from thelma . ext . storefront - day Louise go into the store for a chocolate yoohoo . ext . pay phone - day thelma honey ? int . thelma's house - day darryl in the de of they house . the room be a mess . there be beer can everywhere . the large screen tv be on , show a football game . darryl be in a recliner . he be wear loud short , a V -neck T-shirt , and a couple of necklace and bracelet . darryl goddamnit , thelma , where in the Sam Hill be you ?! ext . pay phone - day thelma I be ... I be with Louise . we be in the mountain , we be ... int . thelma's house - day darryl ( interrupt ) what in the hell do you think you be do ? have you lose you goddamn mind ?! be that it ? I leave for work and you take complete leave of you sense ? ext . pay phone - day thelma darryl ... baby ... darryl , calm down now , honey . please do not get so mad . I can explain ... int . thelma's house - day darryl be mad , but he 's still watch the game . darryl hold on . hold on a minute , damnit . he cover the mouthpiece and watch a play where " he team " fumble the ball . this only make he madder . he put the phone back to he ear in time to hear thelma say : thelma ( v.o. ) ... only for one day and we will be back tomorrow night . darryl no you will not . you will be back today . now ! you get you ass back here , thelma , now , goddamnit . thelma , do you understand I ? ext . pay phone - day thelma be try not to cry . she 's try to be strong . thelma darryl , please ... you be my husband , not my father , darryl . int . thelma's house - day darryl ( interrupt ) that do it ! that Louise be nothin ' but a bad influence . if you be not back here tonight , goddamnit , thelma ... well , I just do not wanna say ... neither one of they say anything for a moment . darryl thelma ? ext . pay phone - day thelma darryl . darryl ( v.o. ) what ? thelma go fuck yourself . she hang up on he . ext . country store - day thelma have tear run down she face and she be watch the ground as she storm back to the car . so she make a loud grunt as she slam into someone that she do not see . both people be knock back a few step from the force of the collision . hitchhiker whoa ! Excuse I ! miss , be you alright ? thelma nod she head " yes , " but tear continue . her cry be silent . hitchhiker be there anything I can do ? thelma shake she head " no . " she try to control she tear . she notice how blue he eye be . thelma no. thanks . sorry . thelma collect herself as she walk back to the car . she get in and be drying she eye , look in the side mirror . in the mirror she see the hitchhiker come back around from the side of the building . he be several foot behind the car , and she watch he as he remove he long - sleeve shirt and stuff it into he duffel bag . now he be just in T-shirt and jeans . he look good . really good . she watch in the mirror as he pick up he stuff and head towards the road . she can see he as he 's walk . he stop . he 's think . he head over to the car . hitchhiker would you mind I ask which direction you and you friend be go ? I be try to get back to school and my ride fall through , so I be kinda stick . be you go my way ? thelma do not know what to do . thelma umm . I think we be go to Oklahoma City . but I be not sure . hitchhiker do you think you could ... I mean , I could help pay for gas . thelma know Louise be not go to like this . thelma ummm . well , see , it 's not really up to I . it 's not my car . umm , we will have to ask my friend , but she will probably say no . she 's a little uptight . hitchhiker well . maybe we better not ask she . but thank you anyway . now she want he to come . he start to walk away from the car . thelma well , we can ask she . that will not hurt . just then Louise come out of the store . she see thelma talk to this guy and , for one moment , stop dead in she track as she take this in , then continue toward the car . although she face be basically expressionless , we see that it 's possible she might kill thelma . thelma Louise , this young man be on he way back to school and need a ride , and I think since ... louise it 's probably not a good idea . thelma Louise . the hitchhiker just nod and start walk towards the road . hitchhiker y'all have a nice day . drive safe . the guy do seem really nice and thelma be really frustrated that Louise would not give he a ride , but decide not to confront she . thelma see how polite he be ? he be really nice . Louise lower the top and back the car out . they watch he walk away . Louise pull out of the parking lot onto the road . they pass the hitchhiker . thelma wave . hitchhiker ( to thelma ) you cheer up now ! she turn around in the seat to continue wave . he smile and wave . they drive down the road . tight shot of the hitchhiker as the smile fade from he face . CUT to : int . car - drive - day thelma look sulky . thelma I wish we could have bring he with we . louise what do darryl say ? thelma ( sarcastically ) he say " okay , thelma . I just want to know you be alright . I hope you be havin ' a good time . you sure deserve one after puttin ' up with I all the time . I love you , honey . " Louise do not say anything . thelma how long before we be in goddamn Mexico ? int . police station - day hal go over a list of every register green t- Bird in the state . insert - computer monitor name be scrolling by as hal stare blankly at the screen . we see the name louise elizabeth sawyer scroll past . it mean nothing to hal . int . car - day it 's twenty minute later . they be clear of the town . thelma be like a dog with a bone . she just will not let it drop . thelma I just do not see what it would hurt just to give somebody a ride . do you see he butt ? darryl do not have a cute butt . you could park a car in the shadow of he ass . louise I be sorry . I be just not in the mood for company right now . here . take this map . I need you to find all the secondary road to Mexico from Oklahoma City . I think we should stay off the interstate . we be too conspicuous . thelma ( take map ) well , it look like we can get on this road 81 that head down towards Dallas , then cut over to ... louise ( interrupt ) I do not want to go that way . find a way that we do not have to go through Texas . thelma ( look at map ) wait . what ? you want to go to Mexico from Oklahoma and you do not want to go through Texas ? louise you know how I feel about Texas ... we be not go that way . thelma I know , Louise , but we be run for we life ! do not you think you could make a exception just this once ?! I mean , look at the map . the only thing between Oklahoma and Mexico be Texas ! louise thelma ! I be not gonna talk about this ! now find another way or give I the goddamn map and I will ! you understand ? thelma no , Louise . how come you never say what happen ? Louise be completely unreasonable on this subject and thelma be totally puzzle by Louise 's reaction but be reluctant to press she further . louise I ... I just ... I just do not think it 's the place I wanna get catch for doin ' something like ... if you blow a guy 's head off with he pants down , believe I , Texas be the last place you wanna get catch ! trust I ! now , I say , I do not wanna talk about it !! Louise look very shake up . she keep she eye on the road but she 's hold the steering wheel so tightly , she knuckle be white . she do not look at thelma . suddenly she reach over and lock she door . thelma flinch imperceptibly at this gesture . thelma okay . we will go around Texas to get to Mexico . this be crazy . ext . road - farmland - day two harley - davidson bike tool past , drive by a couple of ex-hippy from the 60' . the hitchhiker be on the back of one , and he wave to they as they go by . thelma wave back enthusiastically . thelma I will tell you what . he be gooood lookin' . Louise pop a tape into the cassette player . ext . louise's apartment complex - day hal walk up the sidewalk past a couple of elderly people sit outside , to the door of a apartment complex and knock . int . louise's apartment - day various shot of Louise 's empty apartment . there be picture of Louise and thelma in high school . the kitchen be spotless and nothing be out on the counter . her bed be unwrinkled , perfect , and next to it on she nightstand be a picture of Jimmy and she in a small heart shape frame . everything be extremely neat and orderly . ext . louise's apartment complex - day hal be walk back down the sidewalk past the old people . he stop , turn around and go back to they . we see he stand and talk to they . over music : int . car - day thelma and Louise be sing along with the music . thelma / louise ( point ) yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah ! ext . crossroad - day hitchhiker stand on the side of the road . thelma look at Louise pleadingly . Louise 's car pull over and he hop in the back seat . a animated thelma turn around backwards in the front seat to face he . int . / ext . coffee shop - day hal walk into the coffee shop where Louise work . various shot of he talk to other employee . Albert , waitress , etc . some cover they mouth as they recognize police sketches of Louise and thelma . the Day manager come over , look at the picture and talk to hal . int . car thelma pass out beef jerky and Wild Turkey to hitchhiker and Louise . ext . thelma's house - day hal 's unmark detective car pull up in front of thelma 's house . a corvette , completely customize with everything , sit in the driveway . int . car hitchhiker lean over rest he chin on the back of the front seat . thelma so j.d. , what be you study in school ? j.d. human nature . I be majore in behavioral science . louise and whaddya wanna be when ya grow up ? j.d. a waiter . Louise laugh . he have charme she too . ext . thelma's house - day hal be walk up the sidewalk as the front door fly open to reveal a drunk darryl in Hawaiian short , necklace and a beer can in he hand . int . thelma's house - day hal and darryl in de . the tv drone in the b.g. picture and papers be on the table . tight shot of darryl 's face . darryl what ?! CUT to : int . thelma's house - den - day extreme closeup of darryl 's face . darryl what ?!! ext . rural highway - day j.d. ( to thelma ) so how come you do not have any kid ? thelma darryl , that 's my husband , he say he 's not ready . he 's still too much of a kid himself . he pride himself on be infantile . louise he 's get a lot to be proud of . thelma Louise and darryl do not get along . louise that 's puttin ' it mildly . thelma she think he 's a pig . louise he 's a real piece o' work . I wish you could meet he . j.d. do you get marry real young ? thelma twenty - four be not young . I would already be goin ' out with he ten year when we get marry . I have never be with anybody but darryl . j.d. well , if you do not mind I sayin ' so , he sound like a real asshole . thelma it 's okay . he be a asshole . most of the time I just let it slide . j.d. be look down the road , way off in the distance . j.d. better slow down . that 's a cop . Louise look down the road and see a highway patrol car come down the road towards they . she do not look alarmed but veer off the road into a " rest area " drive that have tree and shrub that obscure the view from the road . she glide along as the cop car pass on the other side without see they . Louise glide right back onto the road as if nothing unusual have happen at all . they realize they have not be spot . j.d. and Louise look at each other . j.d. maybe you get a few too many parking ticket ? louise we will take you on to Oklahoma City , then you would best be on you way . int . thelma's house - day hal be on the phone to the FBI man . darryl be sit on a chair look daze . other law enforcement type roam around the house . hal the print on the trunk of the car match that of thelma dickinson . int . FBI office - day max stratton , a FBI man in he early forty , be look at the ident - a- kit drawing of Louise and thelma . max well I will be damned . be not that strange . int . thelma's house - day hal and the husband say a gun be miss . she take a lot of stuff . it look like she maybe plan on be go a while . the strange thing be , she husband say she would never touch that gun . he get it for she ' cause he 's out late a lot , but he say she would never touch it , would not learn to shoot it , just leave it in a drawer for year . int . FBI office - day max what kind of gun be it ? hal ( v.o. ) a .38 . max right . where be they ? int . thelma's house - day hal we be lookin' . they be on they way to some guy 's cabin and they never show up . we be lookin' . we hope you be lookin ' too . ext . flatland - road - dusk the t-bird barrel down the road at high speed . ext . shaw' siesta motel - dusk Louise , thelma , and j.d. pull into the motel parking lot . louise I just gotta run in for a minute . Louise look at j.d. in the back seat and take the key out of the ignition . louise you two better go on and say you goodby . Louise get out of the car and go inside . int . motel office - night a older woman behind the counter be look at a computer screen . louise Louise Elizabeth sawyer . be you sure ? woman nothin ' . nothin ' come in today at all . Louise turn and see thelma crawl over into the back seat with j.d. louise nothing under peach ? check again under peach . woman naw , nothin ' under peach neither . a man come up behind Louise and stand close behind she . man ( jimmy ) do you say peaches ?! why that 's the secret word ! show she what she 's win , Don . he drop a envelope in front of she . Louise be startle and turn around quickly . jimmy hey , peach . louise oh my God ! Jimmy ! you ... oh my God ! what be you doin ' here ? jimmy ( to woman ) can we get another room ? just put it on my credit card . the woman hand they a key . woman ' round to the back . ext . motel parking lot - night Louise and Jimmy walk outside and catch thelma sit very close to j.d . thelma see Jimmy and be so startle she scream and involuntarily slam herself across the back seat to the other side of the car . she try to look nonchalant . thelma Jimmy ! hello , stranger . what in the world be you doin ' here ? jimmy ask I no question , I will tell you no lie . thelma good answer . same go double for I . jimmy who 's you friend ? j.d. be climb out of the car , look very uncomfortable . thelma this be j.d . he 's a student . we be just givin ' he a ride to ... to here . Louise say we could bring he here and then he would have to go . and that 's what he 's doin ' . he 's goin ' . be not you , j.d . ? j.d. yup . thanks for the ride . you all take care . he quickly turn and walk away toward the road . thelma ( watch he ) yup . that 's he goin ' . I love to watch he go . louise ( to Jimmy ) thelma kinda take to he . Jimmy be smile . jimmy ( to thelma ) well , come on , gal , I get you a room . you can go on in and take a nice cold shower . thelma do not mind I , Jimmy , I be just a wild woman . jimmy I always know that . thelma a regular outlaw . Louise shoot thelma a look . the three of they drive around to the back of the motel . thelma turn and look at the road . j.d. be stand there . he blow she a kiss . ext . motel room - night they stop in front of the motel room and the three of they climb out of the car . louise let I just go in and freshen up for a minute . I need to wash my face , you know . thelma be take they luggage out of the trunk . jimmy okay , honey . I do not want to rush you . I just wanna talk to you and ... ( whisper ) ... be alone with you . I will just be in my room , 115 , you just come on down when you be ready . Jimmy help carry the luggage to thelma 's room . he stop at the door . jimmy I will be wait . Louise smile at he quizzically as if she can not believe he 's act this way . he turn on he heel and slink away . thelma I do not care what you say about he . the boy have get it bad . louise he 's always get it bad as long as I be run in the other direction . do not be fool , he 's no different than any other guy . he know how to chase and that 's it . once he 's catch you , he do not know what to do . so he run away . thelma I hear that . int . motel room - night they close the door to they room . Louise set the envelope of money on the table . louise ( indicate envelope ) we future . Louise get she purse and start take out she makeup . she stand very close to the mirror . she be put on lip liner . thelma be watch . thelma so what be you gonna tell he ? louise nothing . I be not gonna tell he a thing . the least I can do be not make he a accessory any more than he already be . thelma you be so sweet to that guy , you really be . imagine not want to drag he into this . he be a lucky man . Louise be still put on she makeup , make sure it 's perfect . louise I do not ask he to come ! it 's like I say , thelma , he just love the chase . thelma well boy , he 's get he work cut out for he now , do not he ? louise put a lid on it , thelma ! it 's hard enough as it be . just let I get this part over with . now stay here and guard the money . if there 's any problem I be in room 115 . thelma I will not wait up . Louise turn to face thelma . louise how do I look ? thelma you be a vision , Louise , a goddamn vision of loveliness , you always be . louise have another drink , thelma . Louise walk out the door . thelma good idea . ext . motel room - night it 's raining out . Louise go to Jimmy 's room . Louise knock on the door to room 115 . the door open slightly and one red rise pop out . louise hello ... jimmy ( in a falsetto voice ) who be it ? louise it 's I . the follow eleven rose be hold out the door , then Louise be yank inside and we hear she shriek with laughter . int . thelma's motel room - evening thelma have take a shower and be dress in cut - off and a T - shirt . her hair be still damp but she look better than she do when she arrive . thelma be fix a drink of Wild Turkey and diet 7 - up in one of the motel room glass . there be a knock on the door . she stop what she be do and be completely still . thelma Louise ? another knock . thelma Louise , be that you ? j.d. ( o.s. ) ( through the door ) thelma ? it 's I . thelma open the door and there stand j.d. , soaking wet from the rain pour down behind he . j.d. I just think I ... I know I be suppose to be go , but ... he 's kind of look over towards the road . he 's still slightly shy . j.d. I be not havin ' much luck gettin ' a ride . he notice look past she into the room that Louise be not there . thelma just stand there look at he . j.d. well , I guess I would better ... thelma wait ...! um , where ya go ? j.d. I do not know . nowhere . what be you doin ' ? thelma I do not know . nothin ' . take a shower . j.d . that sound nice . thelma well , you wanna use the shower ? you can tell he do want to but do not want to say so . so instead he just kind of stand there with a reticent grin on he face . j.d. oh. I ... where 's Louise ? thelma she 's off with Jimmy , that 's she boyfriend . j.d . that 's lonely for you , I guess . I always think of motel room as lonely . thelma pretend like she 's have a lot of experience with this sort of thing . thelma ( let he in the door ) oh , yes , well , they can be . int . jimmy room - night Jimmy be pour champagne into Louise 's glass . there be a dozen rose in a vase on the table . he pour for himself as he sit as close to Louise as possible . jimmy now , my little coconut , what seem to be the trouble here ? tell daddy everything . louise ( cring ) Jimmy , my daddy 's still alive and it kind of give I the creep when you do that ... jimmy okay , okay , just tell I what 's the trouble . Louise just look at he for a minute . louise Jimmy , I be not gonna tell ya what the trouble be . someday soon you will understand why I can not . but I will not tell ya , so do not ask I . Jimmy be once again shocked by how serious she be . jimmy ( almost at a loss for word ) okay , peach , okay . but can I ask you one thing ? louise maybe . jimmy do it have something to do with another guy ? be you in love with he ? louise it 's nothin ' like that . jimmy ( explode ) then what ?! what , goddamnit , Louise ! where the fuck be you go ? be you just leave for fuck ever ? what , do you fuckin ' murder somebody or what ?! Louise spill she champagne . louise stop it ! stop it , Jimmy , or I will leave right now . I be not kiddin ' ! jimmy ( calming down ) alright , alright . I be sorry . they both take a second to regain they composure . jimmy can I just ask you one other thing ? louise maybe . Jimmy pull a little black box out of he pocket . jimmy will you wear this ? he hand Louise the box . she open it and it be a diamond ring . Louise be flabbergasted . jimmy will you at least see how it fit ? louise Jimmy ... it 's beautiful ! jimmy you do not see that one comin ' , do ya ? int . thelma's motel room - night j.d. be out of the shower stand in front of the mirror wear only he jeans , the top button of which be still undone and no shirt . he have a incredible physique . he also have a tattoo on he shoulder of the homemade variety . thelma have go and buy cheese cracker and peanut from a vend machine and be into she second Wild Turkey and 7 - up . she sit on the bed , watch he in the mirror . he definitely look better with he shirt off . she suddenly feel awkward and stand up . thelma you wanna drink ? int . jimmy motel room - night Louise have the engagement ring on she finger . it 's really beautiful . jimmy so whaddya think . I mean ... I could ... uh ... get a job . of some kind . I mean you have be tellin ' I that for year , right ? louise why now , Jimmy ? jimmy ( this be hard for he ) ' Cause , Louise . I do not want to lose you . and for some reason I get the feelin ' you be about to split . permanently . Louise do not know how to respond . she struggle for a reply . louise Jimmy , we have go all this year ... we never make it work . we be not gonna be able to just ... I be not ... what kind of job , honey ? can you see it . I can not . Jimmy do not answer right away . he 's try to see it . jimmy I be the one ... I never make it work . I just ... it 's not that I do not love you . it 's not that . I just never think I would be thirty - six year old and I never think ... I do not know what I think . what do you want , darlin' . what do you want I to do . louise I do not know . it do not even matter anymore . I just want you to be happy ... it 's not that I do not love you either . but Jimmy , you timing could not be worse . Jimmy do not really understand why this be happen . jimmy be you just doin ' this to punish I ? louise believe I , the last thing I want be for you to get punish . int . thelma's motel room - night thelma have pour a drink for j.d. who 's sit on the edge of the bed . she walk over and hand it to he and as she do , he take the drink with one hand and she hand with the other . he set the drink down on the nightstand and hold she hand with both of he . he closely study she wedding ring . he suddenly look up at she and gaze at she just as intently . he slowly shake he head as he remove she ring as if to say , " this be not right for you . this be not go to work . " he look at the ring as he move it through space finally stop when the ring be directly over he drink . he drop it in . he look back at thelma and smile as if to say , " there . now do not you feel better ? " he smartly kiss she hand . int . jimmy room - night Louise and Jimmy be sit on the edge of the bed . Jimmy have put the ring on she finger and they both be look at it , as Jimmy hold she hand in he . they both ponder it . jimmy it do look good . int . thelma's room - night j.d. be stand on the dresser with a towel tie around he neck like a cape . j.d. faster than a speed green t- Bird , able to leap tall babe in a single bound ... he leap from the dresser and fly across the room landing on the bed , straddle thelma . j.d. ( in he deep man 's voice ) hi. could I interest you in some fuller brushes ? thelma have not stop laugh since he come in the room . he be the great guy she 's ever see . he be sniff she neck like a dog . thelma ( giggle ) stop , stop , stop ! thelma try to catch she breath . thelma who be you ? j.d. attack she again . j.d. I be the great and powerful Oz ... thelma j.d .! just tell I . I know you be not some schoolboy . now come on , nobody ever tell I shit . j.d. I be just some guy . a guy whose parole officer be probably have a shit fit right about now . thelma gasp . thelma what ?! parole officer ? you mean you be a criminal ? j.d. well , not anymore , thelma , except for bustin ' parole , I have not do one wrong thing . thelma what do ya do ? j.d. I be a robber . thelma you be a bank robber ? j.d. nope . I have never rob a bank . thelma what ? j.d. well , I rob a gas station once , and I rob a couple of liquor store , and some convenience store . and that 's it . thelma how ? j.d. well , I be just down on my luck and it seem like somethin' I be good at so I ... thelma ( interrupt ) no , I mean how would you do it ? do you just sneak in real fast or hide out till the store close or what ? j.d. naw , honey , that would be burglary . I never get arrest for burglary . burglary 's for chicken shit . if you be gonna rob someone , ya just have to go right on up to them and do it . just take the money . that 's robbery . that 's a whole ' nother deal . thelma tell I . j.d. well , first you pick you place , see , then I would just sit back and watch it for awhile . ya gotta wait for just the right moment , which be something you know instinctively , that can not be teach . then I would waltz on in ... j.d. jump up and pick up a hair dryer and hold it like a gun . he start act it out . j.d . and I would say , " alright , lady and gentleman , let 's see who will win the prize for keepin' they cool . Simon say everybody lie down on the floor . if nobody lose they head , then nobody lose they head . you sir ... you do the honors . just empty that cash into this bag and you will have a amazing story to tell all you friend . if not , you will have a tag on you toe . you decide . " then I would split . simple . thelma my gosh , you sure gentlemanly about it . j.d. I have always believe if do right , armed robbery do not have to be a totally unpleasant experience . thelma God . you be a real live outlaw ! j.d . I may be the outlaw , but you be the one stealin ' my heart . thelma and smooth , boy , you be smooth . they kiss passionately . thelma you be kinda the best thing that 's happen to I in a long time . j.d . you be a little angle , you be . j.d. turn out the light . int . jimmy room - night Louise and Jimmy be wrap in each other 's arm , quietly make love . through this , Jimmy be ardent . jimmy Louise ? I think you be so damn beautiful . I mean that . I always have . she smile . completely . louise ( whisper ) I think you be beautiful too . ext . siesta motel - dawn montage of early morning staff , a truck driver climb into he cab with a silver thermos , squirrel hopping around on the ground . int . siesta coffee shop - dawn tight shot of coffee beginning to drip into a empty coffee pot . Louise and Jimmy be sit in a booth , both on the same side . they be both play with they wedding ring . jimmy do not worry darlin' . I will say I never find you . I will say anything you want . we will find a way to get you out of this , whatever it be . louise damn , Jimmy , do you take a pill that make you say all the right stuff ? jimmy I be choke on it . they sit for a minute . jimmy honey ? ummm ... do you want I to come with you ? they look at each other , into each other and Jimmy can see that Louise be already go . Louise be really touch that he ask she that but she know it 's impossible . she be very kind to he . louise oh ... now ... it 's probably not such a good idea right now . I will ... catch up with you later , on down the road . in she hand she 's be hold the ring in the black box . she put it on the table and slide it back to he . he stop she , suddenly . he cover she hand with he . jimmy you keep this ! Jimmy be try not to seem upset , so he 's completely still . a taxi pull up outside . louise you taxi 's here . Jimmy pull she to he and kiss she so passionately that employee in the coffee shop look away . a cook fan himself with a spatula . the taxi driver , who can see in , look at he watch . jimmy be you happy , Louise ? I just want you to be happy . Louise look at she hand and Jimmy 's hand . louise I be happy , sweetie . happy as I can be . Jimmy get up and leave the coffee shop . Louise watch he go . a waitress come over and fill she coffee cup . waitress good thing he leave when he do . we think we be gonna have to put out a fire . the waitress chuckle and the other waitress do too . Louise wave to Jimmy in the back of the cab . the cab driver wink at she . she smile to herself . int . thelma's motel room - morning the room be totally trash . j.d. and thelma be both asleep , naked and hang off either side of the bed . j.d. start to stir ... int . hal be bedroom - morning hal be in bed with be wife . he have to get up . he be hold he wife in he arm . hal honey ? sarah yes , baby ? hal do you think you could ever shoot someone ? sarah what ? hal do you think you could ever think of a set of circumstance that would just cause you to haul off and shoot someone ? sarah I could shoot you cousin Eddie . hal why ? sarah because he 's a inconsiderate asshole . hal I be ask you seriously , Sarah , a stranger ? sarah I do not know , honey . I guess it would depend . hal on what ? sarah ( try to picture it ) well , maybe if they be try to hurt you or one of the kid . I be sure I could shoot someone if they try to hurt one of the child . hal yeah , I could too . but ... I do not know why I be even ask you this . it 's just ... we can not place anybody at the scene but this two gal that everybody swear be sweet as pie . I do not know . I keep hearing word -- impossible -- inconceivable . if just one person would say ... sarah honey . nothing 's impossible . you just do not shoot someone like that for no reason . maybe he be askin ' for it . anyway , somebody 's husband probably get ol ' harlan . hal that 's what everybody say . only problem be nobody 's husband be unaccount for that night ... could you shoot Eddie in the face ? at point blank range ? sarah ( think ) in the leg . hal ( get up ) I gotta go to Little rock . int . coffee shop - morning Louise be sit in the booth by herself . thelma come hurry by . she look dishevel but be grin like a idiot . she see Louise and charge into the coffee shop . her energy and volume be several notches higher than the rest of the people in the coffee shop . there be a couple more customer in there now . thelma slide into the booth seat directly across from Louise . thelma hi. she be shocked by thelma 's appearance . louise what happen to you hair ? thelma nothing . it get mess up . Louise be study thelma closely as thelma squirm in she seat , barely able to contain herself . louise what 's wrong with you ? thelma nothing . why ? do I seem different ? louise yes , now that you mention it . you seem crazy . like you be on drug . thelma well , I be not on drug . but I might be crazy . louise ( shaking she head ) I do not think I wanna hear what you be gonna tell I . thelma be just about to shriek when the waitress come over and put a coffee cup on the table and pour some . thelma get a grip on herself for a moment then lose it as the waitress go away . thelma oh my God , Louise !!! I can not believe it ! I just really can not believe it ! I mean ... whoa ! thelma be just laugh hysterically . Louise suddenly understand . louise oh , thelma . oh , no . thelma I mean I finally understand what all the fuss be about . this be just a whole ' nother ball game ! louise thelma , please get a hold of yourself . you be make a spectacle . thelma you know , Louise , you be suppose to be my best friend . you could at least be a little bit happy for I . you could at least pretend to be slightly happy that for once in my life I have a sexual experience that be not completely disgusting . louise I be sorry . I be happy . I be very happy for you . I be glad you have a good time . it 's about time . where be he now ? thelma take a shower . louise you leave that guy alone in the room ? Louise be get a bad feel . she be already stand up put money on the table . louise where 's the money , thelma ? thelma have forget all about the money . thelma ummm ... it 's on the table . it 's okay . they be both leave the restaurant now . as they hit the door they both break into a full run . thelma I do not remember . ext . motel parking lot - day they run across the parking lot around the back to the room . the door be ajar and no one be in the room . Louise go in and thelma stay outside the door . thelma goddamnit ! I have never be lucky ! not one time ! Louise come back outside . she do not say anything . she be stoic , fight tear . thelma shit . that little sonofabitch burgle I . I do not believe it . Louise sit down on the sidewalk in front of the room . thelma come and sit beside she . neither one say anything for a moment . thelma Louise ? be you okay ? Louise shake she head no . thelma Louise ... it 's okay . Louise ? I be sorry . I mean it . Louise have see the end of the tunnel and there be no light . louise it 's not okay , thelma . it 's definitely not okay . none of this be okay . what be we go to do for money ? what be we gonna buy gas with ? we good look ? I mean ... goddamn , thelma ! Louise quietly start to fall apart . this cause thelma to leap into action . thelma come on . stand up ! do not you worry about it . I will take care of it . just do not you worry about it . get you stuff . Louise be still sit on the sidewalk . thelma come on ! damnit , get you stuff and let 's get out of here ! Louise slowly get to she foot . thelma move ! ( to herself ) Jesus Christ , take you damn time . thelma be haul stuff out of the car . ext . motel parking lot - morning tight shot of rear wheel of green t- Bird laying rubber out of the motel parking lot . thelma and Louise , both look a little rougher than we have see so far , drive away . ext . thelma's house - day hal , FBI man , various other police and detective type , pull up in front of the house . the front door swing open and there stand darryl look like he 's be shot out of a cannon . ext . STREET - day Louise and thelma pull into a convenience store . int . thelma's house - day Police be tapping the phone , dusting for print , etc. , while darryl sit motionless in he recliner with a dull expression on he face . hal ( to darryl ) as you know , we have tapped you phone . in the event that she call in . Max come up and join they as they walk down the hallway . max we be go to leave someone here at the house in the event that she call in . someone will be here until we find they . hal the important thing be not to let on that you know anything . we want to try and find out where they be . now I do not want to get too personal , but do you have a good relationship with you wife ? be you close with she ? darryl yeah , I guess . I mean , I be about as close as I can be with a nut case like that . max well , if she call , just be gentle . like you be happy to hear from she . you know , like you really miss she . woman love that shit . ext . convenience store - day thelma and Louise be sit in the car . they have put all they money together . louise eighty -eight dollar be not gonna make a dent , baby girl . thelma ( get out of the car ) do not worry about it . you want anything ? louise no . thelma march off to the store . Louise put a tape in the deck and be listen to loud r&amp ; B music . she check herself in the rearview mirror . she take she lipstick out and be about to put it on . she make eye contact with herself and , instead , throw it out the window , close she eye and lean she head back on the seat . she 's in a world of shit . thelma come trot out of the store and jump into the car . thelma ( breathless ) drive ! Louise look at she . thelma drive ! drive away ! louise ( drive away ) what happen ? thelma open she purse and expose a bag full of bill . louise what ? you rob the store ? you rob the goddamn store ?! thelma shriek with excitement . Louise be completely stunne . thelma well ! we need the money ! it 's not like I kill anybody , for God 's sake . Louise shoot she a look . she put the car in gear and floors it out of the parking lot . she be still look at thelma as if she have completely lose she mind . thelma I be sorry . well , we need the money . now we have it . louise oh shit , thelma !! shit ! shit ! shit ! thelma ( sternly ) now you get a grip , Louise ! just drive we to goddamn Mexico , will ya ! louise okay . shit , thelma ! what would you do ? I mean , what do you say ? thelma well , I just ... int . police station - interrogation room - day hal , Max , various other cop , and darryl all watch as tv play back vcr tape of thelma in the convenience store pull a gun . in perfect lip sync be : thelma ( v.o. ) alright , lady and gentleman , let 's see who will win the prize for keepin' they cool . everybody lie down on the floor . if nobody lose they head , then nobody lose they head ... tight shot of darryl 's face go deeper and deeper into a state of shock . tight shot of hal , Max , etc. , all look intently at the screen . video image of thelma boldly order cashier to fill she purse with money . as he 's load the purse with bill , she 's take beef jerky from the display and put it in there , too , while she point the gun at the cashier . thelma ( v.o. ) ( videotape playback ) you , sir ... you do the honors . just empty that cash into this bag and you will have a amazing story to tell all you friend . if not , you will have a tag on you toe . you decide . CUT to : int . car - day thelma and Louise in car , drive . louise ( incredulous ) Holy shit . CUT to : int . police station - interrogation room - day tight shot : darryl Jesus Christ . tight shot : max good god. tight shot : hal ( wearily ) my Lord . ext . drive shot - day louise Holy shit . thelma lemme see the map . Louise throw the map across the front seat at thelma and floors it . fade to black fade in : int . jimmy apartment build - day Jimmy be enter the apartment building , carry he overnight bag . two man be sit on the stair . they stand as he come in . they be plainclothes police . they show they badge . he leave with they . ext . road - tight shot - j.d.' backside - day make only more prominent by the bulg wallet in he back right pocket . j.d. be walk down the road and continue to walk as a Oklahoma State patrol car pull up alongside he . he smile and give a friendly wave as they cruise along slowly beside he . we can see the cop nearest he talk , and then we see j.d. stop walk and set down he duffel bag . he reach for he wallet . it 's clear that they have ask for some i.d . ext . rural road - day Louise be drive . they fly past a kid on he bike on a long gravel driveway . he watch they . a huge cloud of dust blow up as they pass he . he turn and ride he bike down the driveway towards the house . int . car - day thelma Louise , you would better slow down . I will just die if we get catch over a speed ticket . Louise look at the speedometer touch 80 mph and let she foot off the gas . Louise be look a little nervous . louise for the first time in my life , I wish this car be not green . thelma be you sure we should be drive like this ? in broad daylight and everything ? louise no we should not , but I want to put some distance between we and the scene of we last goddamn crime ! thelma oooooweee !! you shoulda see I ! like I would be doin ' it all my life ! nobody would ever believe it . louise you think you have find you call ? thelma maybe . maybe . the call of the wild ! thelma howl like a dog and drink a little bottle of Wild Turkey . louise you be disturb . thelma yes ! I believe I be ! int . police station - interrogation room - day Jimmy be in a small room with hal , Max , other cop , look stunne . jimmy I swear to God , she would not tell I one thing ! Christ ! you oughta try to find that kid that be with them . hal tell we about he . jimmy just some young guy . around twenty year old . Dark hair . Jimmy be really upset and have to really struggle to control himself . jimmy ( try to remember he ) they say they would pick he up along the way . he be a student . but he do not look right . but he leave when they get to the motel . max do you understand that you may be face a accessory charge ? hal this be serious , son . a man be dead . jimmy I know ! I would tell you if I know ! goddamn ! I know something happen , or she would not have leave . I be try to remember everything ! find that fuck kid . he probably know something . ext . drive shot - day thelma and Louise be in the car . thelma be take empty little Wild Turkey bottle out of she purse and throw they out the window . louise so what 's the plan , thelma ? you just gonna stay drunk ? thelma try to . louise litterbug . they come roaring up on a semi-tanker carry gas . we see they fish - eye reflection in the shiny tanker . the mud flap be the shiny silhouettes of naked woman that thelma and Louise see earlier . the truck be go slower than they be . louise aw , great . this always happen . whenever you be in a hurry . she nose out to see if she can pass , but there 's a car come . the car pass and the truck honk . the truck driver 's arm come out he window and wave they past . thelma be not that nice ? truck driver be always so nice . the best driver on the road . as they get next to the truck , the truck driver be smile and wave at they . they smile and wave back . he flick he tongue at they . Louise scream . thelma / louise ugh !! Gross !! oh my God ! aw , God ! Louise floors it and speed past he . thelma ugh !! why do they have to do that ? louise they think we like it . maybe they think it turn we on . Louise shiver with disgust . int . police station - interrogation room - day Jimmy be look at police mug shot of a lot of young guy . hal show Jimmy a mug shot of j.d . hal be this the guy you see they with ? jimmy ( look closely ) it 's he . max ( clap he hand ) oh , happy day . jimmy you gotta be kiddin ' I . they pick up a murderer ?! hal armed robber . jimmy oh , great . max ( to hal ) they be fly he here right now . he be pick up this morning for parole violation . they also find about six grand on he , so he probably knock over something while he be out there . they can drop he by here for question . I be so happy . jimmy ( overhear ) how much cash do he have ? ext . police station - day j.d. arrive , handcuff , at State Police building . ext . dirt road - day the t-bird be enter terrain that look more like desert . the top of the t- Bird be up . int . car - day louise thelma . thelma yeah . louise I want you to call darryl . thelma what for ? louise to find out if he know anything . if you think he do , you gotta hang up because it mean the police have tell he and the phone be probably tapped . thelma jeez , Louise , tapped the phone ? you think so ? louise ( agitate ) oh , come on ! murder one and armed robbery , thelma ! thelma murder one ! God , Louise , can not we even say it be self - defense ? louise but it be not ! we get away ! we be walkin ' away ! thelma they do not know that ! it be just you and I there . I will say he rape I and you have to shoot he ! I mean , it 's almost the truth ! louise it will not work . thelma why not ?! louise no physical evidence . we can not prove he do it . we probably can not even prove he touch you by now . they both pause for a moment . thelma God . the law be some tricky shit , be not it ? then : thelma how do you know ' bout all this stuff anyway ? Louise do not answer the question . louise besides , what do we say about the robbery ? no excuse for that . no such thing as justifiable robbery . thelma alright , Louise ! ext . dirt road - helicopter shot - dusk as the sun set , the t- Bird drive deeper into the vast desert . int . police station - night darryl be sit in the hallway . two officer be lead j.d. down the hall . hal , Max , other plainclothes officer follow . darryl look at hal questioningly . hal do not respond and the entourage quickly go into a room . darryl stand and cross the hall to the room as the door shut in he face . darryl ( yell at the door ) hey ! hey ! int . police station - interrogation room - night j.d . who 's the nut ? hal that 's thelma dickinson 's husband . j.d. aw , god. int . police station - hallway - night darryl try the doorknob , but the door be lock . int . police station - interrogation room - night hal , Max , j.d. , other officer . there be a vcr and monitor set up in the room and they view the videotape of thelma in the convenience store . j.d. ( pleased ) alright ! she do good ! do not she ? hal well , son , she 's doin ' a damn sight better and you right now . max where do you get $ 6600.00 in cash ? j.d. a friend . hal we speak with a gentleman today who say he personally deliver very close to that same amount to a miss Louise sawyer . do you know she too ? j.d. umm , yes . she be drive . hal he say he take it to a motel in Oklahoma City . he also say that at that time he meet a man . he identify you through a series of mug shot . he also tell we that you and Mrs. dickinson seem " close . " be that true ? j.d . you might say we have a meeting of the mind , yes . max do you know that Mrs. dickinson and miss sawyer be want in connection with a murder ? j.d. what ?! hal do either of they ever indicate that they might be run from the Law ? j.d. ( surprised to hear this ) now that you mention it , they might have be a little bit jumpy . hal you know what ? you be start to irritate I . max yeah . I too . hal think for a moment and then look to Max . hal do you mind if I have a word with he alone for a minute . Max agree and open the door for the other to leave . he and hal make eye contact before Max close the door . j.d. what ?! what would I do ? hal sit down across the table from j.d. and look at he . hal Son , I gotta feelin ' about something ' and I just wanna ask you opinion . do you think thelma dickinson would have commit armed robbery if you have not take all they money ? j.d. do not say anything . they both just sit there for a moment . hal cat get you tongue ? j.d. shift in he chair . j.d. how do you know I take it ? how do you know they do not just give it to I ? hal there 's two girl out there that have a chance , they have a chance ...! and you blow it for them . now they have get in some serious trouble , some very serious trouble and for at least part of it , I be gonna hold you personally responsible for anything that happen to they . I have get no feelin ' for you . but I may be the only person in the world who give a rat 's ass what happen to they and you be either gonna tell I every damn thing you know , so there 's a small chance I can actually do they some good , or I be gonna be all over you like a fly on shit for the rest of you natural life . you misery be gonna be my goddamn mission in life . that 's a sincere promise . hal walk over and open the door and Max and the other straggle back in . hal now , for one thing , you violate you parole two day out . and you know judge hainey . he hate this sort of thing . once he get wind of this , he 's gonna blow sky high . and then when he find out that you be a possible accessory to murder and armed robbery , well , I think we can safely place you ass back in the slammer for at least the remain eight , do not you ? max oh , definitely . j.d. ( convinced ) okay . be somebody gonna write this down ? int . police station - night darryl be sit in the hallway . hal come out of the room first . hal Mr. dickinson , if you will just hang on , I want a word with you and then we will take you home . Police officer lead j.d. out of the interrogation room , down the hallway . darryl be watch j.d. closely . j.d. be smirk at he . j.d. ( slyly , to darryl ) I like you wife . darryl ( go after he ) come back here , you little shit ! hal and another police officer be restrain darryl . j.d. be lead off down the hall . ext . gas station - night Louise and thelma pull into a gas station . ext . gas station - night a gas station attendant approach as Louise and thelma be get out of the car . louise ( to attendant ) fill she up . ( to thelma ) there 's a phone right over there . thelma let 's get it over with . thelma and Louise walk to the phone . louise I be not kid , thelma . if you think he know , even if you be not sure , hang up . int . thelma's house - night the tv be on and the place be a mess . darryl , hal , Max , and other cop spring into action as the phone ring , put on headsets , turn on tape recorder . darryl pick up the phone . darryl hello . ext . pay phone - night thelma darryl . it 's I . int . thelma's house - night hal , Max , etc. , all be gesticulate wildly . darryl ( real friendly ) thelma ! hello ! ext . pay phone thelma hang up the phone . thelma ( matter -of -factly ) he know . int . thelma's house - night everyone be very disappointed , take off they headsets , turn off tape recorder and look at darryl like he 's a idiot . hal shit . darryl still hold the phone in he hand . darryl what ?! all I say be hello . ext . pay phone - night thelma and Louise be stare at each other intently . Louise step up to the phone . louise you get any change ? thelma dig in she bag and hand Louise a roll of quarter . Louise get out of the car and go to the pay phone . thelma follow she . she put the money in and dial . it ring . louise darryl , this be Louise . be the police there ? int . thelma's house - night again everybody spring into action . darryl be fumble with the phone . darryl uh , no ! no , why would any police be here ? hey , where be you girl , anyway ? darryl give hal and Max a look as if he 's get it completely under control . clever guy . ext . phone - night louise let I talk to whoever 's in charge there ? int . thelma's house - night darryl what be you talk about , Louise ? hal come over and take the phone away from darryl . hal look at Max who nod , " take it . " hal hello , miss sawyer . I be hal slocumbe , Chief investigator , homicide , Arkansas State Police . how be you ? ext . phone - night louise ( chuckle ) I have be better . hal ( v.o. ) you girl be in some hot water . louise yes , sir . I know . int . thelma's house - night hal you be both okay ? neither one of you hurt ? you be bein ' careful with that gun ? ext . phone - night louise we be both fine . hal ( v.o. ) good . you wanna tell I what happen ? louise sure . maybe over coffee sometime . I will buy . int . thelma's house - night hal I just want you to know , neither one of you be charge with murder yet . you be still just want for question . although , now , Mrs. dickinson 's want in Oklahoma for armed robbery . ext . phone - night louise no kiddin' . listen , we gotta go . I will call you back , all right ? Louise look at she watch . hal ( v.o. ) miss sawyer , I do not think y'all be gonna make it to Mexico . we should talk . please . I wanna to help you . on hearing this Louise mouth the word " shit " in a very frustrated way . Louise hang up the phone . int . thelma's house - night all be busy try to see if the call be trace . darryl be back in he recliner still in shock . ext . pay phone - night she be stomping back to the car . thelma follow doggedly . a move van pull in and park in the b.g . louise that j.d. kid be a little shit . thelma what . Louise stop as she be about to get in and face thelma who 's stand on the other side of the car . louise how would they find out we be go to Mexico , thelma , how they know that ? thelma I ... I ... louise you tell that thievin ' little shit where we be goin ' ?! Louise yank open she car door , get in and slam the door and fire up the engine . thelma hop in quickly . thelma I just tell he if he ever get to Mexico to look we up . I ask he not to tell . I do not think he would tell anybody . louise why not ?! what 's he get to lose ? other than my life 's savings , that be . shit ! Louise careen back onto the road . thelma I be sorry . I mean I ... Louise slam on the brake . louise goddamnit , thelma ! let I explain something to you . right now we have only two thing goin ' for we . one , nobody know where we be , and two , nobody know where we be go . now , one of we thing that be go for we be go ! Louise stop yell for a moment grop for self - control . thelma look pitiful . louise just stop talkin ' to people , thelma ! stop bein ' so open ! we be fugitive now . let 's behave that way ! thelma you be right . ext . lonely road - night ( musco light ) the t-bird flash by on a road that look a lot like Route 66 . thelma ( v.o. ) Louise ? where be we ? louise ( v.o. ) just past boise City . thelma ( v.o. ) Idaho ? louise ( v.o. ) Oklahoma , thelma . we be crossing into New Mexico . thelma ( v.o. ) I always want to see New Mexico . ext . thelma's Pov - out passenger window - pitch black ext . back road - night the car go streaking by . int . thelma's house - night ( musco light ) all 's quiet . the large screen tv be on and the room be fill with dense smoke . hal , Max , sit at a table go over paperwork . other plainclothes and surveillance guy play card . darryl sit crumpled in he recliner stare blankly at the tv . int . jimmy apartment - night Jimmy sit on he couch with he guitar while two plainclothes cop sit read the paper , do the crossword puzzle . int . car - night over music from tape : thelma be sip on a little Wild Turkey . thelma now what ? louise now what what ? thelma whaddo we do ? louise oh , I do not know , thelma . I guess maybe we could turn ourselves in and spend we life trading cigarettes for mascara so we can look nice when we family come to visit we on Saturday . maybe we could have child with the prison guard . thelma I be not suggestin ' that ! I be not goin ' back . no matter what happen . so do not worry about I . Louise speed up . thelma hand Louise a little bottle of Wild Turkey and she drink it down . thelma have one too . thelma can I ask you kind of a weird question ? louise yeah . thelma of all the thing in the world that scare you , what 's the worst thing that scare you the most ? louise you mean now or before ? thelma before . louise I guess I always think the worst thing that could happen would be to end up old and alone in some crummy apartment with one of that little dog . thelma what little dog ? louise you know that little dog you see people with ? thelma like a Chihuahua ? louise that , too , but you know that little hairy one ? that flat - face little fucker with that ugly goddamn tooth ? thelma oh yeah . you mean peek-a-poos . louise yeah . that . that always put the fear of God in I . what about you ? thelma well , to be honest , the idea of get old with darryl be kinda startin ' to get to I . louise I can see that . thelma I mean , look how different he look just since high school . it 's bad enough I have to get old , but doin ' it with darryl around be only gonna make it worse . ( quieter ) I mean , I do not think he 's gonna be very nice about it . louise well , now , maybe you will not have to . thelma always lookin ' on the bright side , be not ya ? ext . moonlit desert highway - night ( musco light ) they be drive through monument Valley . the t- Bird speed through the beautifully moonlit desert . it be almost like daylight . montage of silhouettes of cacti , huge rock formation , desert beauty shot , etc . int . car - Pov through windshield - night the sky be bright and expansive and the road go on forever . thelma this be so beautiful . louise gosh . it sure be . thelma I always want to travel . I just never get the opportunity . louise well , you get it now . they both look forward for another moment . and then , at the same time , they look at each other , each take the other one in completely , in this moment . they be say everything to each other in this moment , but they expression do not change and they do not say a word . music play on the radio . ext . desert highway - night a semi-gas tanker be up ahead on the road . it look like the one they see earlier . it 's get the same mud flap ... int . car - night louise look ! look who it be , thelma . I will be darn . what 's he doin ' way out here . thelma just ignore he . Louise pass he and , as she do , he honk . they look up and he be wildly point to he lap . louise oh , Christ . I hate this guy . thelma we should have just ignore he . ext . desert highway - dawn ( over music ) the car be fly down the road . int . car - desert highway - dawn they be quiet for a moment , then thelma start quietly laugh to herself . she be try to stop but cannot . louise what ? thelma ( shaking with laughter ) nothing . it 's not funny . louise what ? what 's not funny , thelma ! thelma be try to compose herself but cannot . thelma okay , but ... ( she can barely speak ) I can not say . thelma be not make a sound . she be stick in a convulsion of laughter . louise what ?! thelma ( gasp for air ) harlan . louise what ?! what about he ?! thelma just the look on he face when you ... ( she be fall apart again ) ... it 's not funny . louise ( shocked ) now , thelma , that be not ... thelma be still try to get a grip on herself . thelma Boy , he be not expectin' that ! louise ( scolding ) thelma ! thelma ( impersonate harlan ) suck my dick ... boom !! thelma be laugh wildly . louise ( quietly ) thelma . it 's not funny . thelma have just cross the line from laugh to cry . thelma ( try to catch she breath ) I know ! they both get quiet . thelma lean back just watch Louise . she study she as if she 's never really see she before . all of a sudden a look of shocked realization come over thelma 's face . she jerk upright and startles Louise . thelma ( carefully ) it happen to you ... do not it ? Louise know what she be talk about . she become immediately agitate . louise I do not want to talk about it ! thelma , I be not kid ! do not you even ... thelma ... in Texas ... do not it ? that 's what happen ... oh my god. Louise look as if she be look for a way to flee . louise ( fight hysteria ) I be warning you , thelma . you better drop it right now ! I do not want to talk about it ! thelma ( gently ) okay , Louise ... it 's okay . Louise 's eye be wild , not see , while thelma now seem completely serene . ext . desert highway - dawn the car be scream down the road . they drive through a little stand of building . ext . desert highway - long lens shot - dawn a car speed up to try and catch they ... the red and blue light pop on . it be a New Mexico State patrol car . int . car - day Louise see the light in the rearview mirror . louise's Pov of the speedometer at 100 mph . thelma be asleep . louise shit ! thelma , wake up ! shit ! we be gettin ' pull over ! thelma jump awake . thelma what ! what ! oh shit ! oh no ! they be try not to panic . they be slow down , but still do 70 mph . the patrol car be right behind they . thelma what do we do ? what do you want to do ?! louise I do not know ! shit ! let 's just play it by ear . he may not know . he may just give I a ticket . thelma please , God , please do not let we get catch . please , please , please ... Louise pull the car off the road . the patrol car pull up right behind they . the light shine brightly in through the window . ext . side of desert highway - day patrolman ( o.s. ) turn off you engine . Louise do . the patrolman get out of he car and approach they car . he come to the driver 's side window . it be roll up . patrolman' Pov of louise smile up at he . he gesture to she to roll she window down . she do . louise hello , Officer . be there a problem ? patrolman you wanna let I see you license , please ? Louise fumble in she purse for she wallet , open it and show she license . patrolman you wanna take it out of you wallet , please ? louise oh yeah . she do and hand it to he . thelma I tell you to slow down . Hell , Officer , I tell she to slow down . louise about how fast be I go ? patrolman about a hundred and ten . you wanna step out of the car , please ? they walk to the back of the car . he note the license plate number . patrolman be this you car ? louise yes . patrolman you wanna come with I , please ? walk around and get in the car , please . louise in the back ? patrolman Front . louise be I in trouble ? patrolman as far as I be concerned , yes , mar 'am , you be . patrolman get in the driver 's side . he pick up a clipboard and clip Louise 's driver 's license to it . he pick up the hand mike for the radio and , as he do , a hand with a gun come in he car window . it 's thelma and she put the gun to he head . thelma Officer , I be so sorry about this . could you let go of that ? he drop it . thelma I really , really apologize , but please put you hand on the steering wheel . see , if you get on that radio , you be gonna find out that we be want in two state and probably consider armed and dangerous , at least I be , then we whole plan would be shot to hell . Louise , take he gun . Louise reach over and take he gun . louise ( apologetic ) I be really sorry about this . thelma I swear , before yesterday , neither one of we would have ever pull a stunt like this . but if you ever meet my husband , you would know why I just can ... you wanna step out of the car , please ? ( she open the door for he ) you wanna put you hand on you head , please ? Louise , shoot the radio . louise what ? thelma shoot the radio ! Louise shoot the car radio . the cop flinch with each shot . thelma the police radio , Louise ! Jesus ! Louise fire two shot into the police radio . it blast all to hell . thelma you wanna step to the back of the car , please . Louise , bring the key . Louise reach over and take the key . she take she license off the clipboard . she get out and trot around to the back of the car . thelma be hold the gun on the patrolman . suddenly thelma fire the gun , blow two hole into the trunk cover . thelma ( to Louise ) open the trunk . Louise open the trunk . thelma ( to patrolman ) you wanna step into the trunk , please ? patrolman ma'am , please ... I get kid ... a wife ... thelma you do ? well , you be lucky . you be sweet to them . especially you wife . my husband be not sweet to I and look how I turn out . now go on , get in there . as he 's climb into the trunk , thelma explain to Louise : thelma Air hole . he 's all the way in and Louise close the trunk . int . patrol car - day thelma open the glove compartment . she take a box of spare ammo and close it . thelma take the key and get out of the car . she walk around to the trunk . ext . patrol car - day thelma ( to trunk ) sorry ! louise ( from she car ) sorry ! thelma hop into the car with Louise . they look at each other . louise ready ? thelma hit it . Louise pull the car back onto the road and they drive away . int . car - day thelma ( shaking she head ) I know it 's crazy , Louise , but I just feel like I have get a knack for this shit . louise I believe you . ext . car - montage drive shot - day they be in really beautiful country now . thelma ( v.o. ) drive like hell . int . thelma's kitchen - morning hal and Max be alone in the kitchen . hal switch on the Mr. coffee . max it 's just not work like this . we gotta do something . it would be one thing if this girl be harden criminal , but Jesus , hal , this be makin ' we look bad . I do not know ... maybe they be not movin ' . maybe that little creep lie . hal he 's get nothin ' to gain by lyin' . nothin ' at all . he already get all they money . I just do not know what we be dealin ' with here . anyway , it go out again last night on nationwide teletype . let 's just wait it out a little longer . she say she be gonna call back . let 's just sit tight . max we do not have a whole lotta choice , do we ? I can not figure out if they be real smart or just really , really lucky . hal it do not matter . brain will only get you so far and luck always run out . a cop walk into the kitchen and hand hal a file that say Louise Elizabeth sawyer on the outside . he open it up and start look through a personal history . one piece of paper be a case file from Texas contain a incident report of a rape . stamped across it be the word " charge drop . " int . car - day thelma Louise ... be we still go to Mexico ? louise yes . thelma pause while she search for the logic . thelma then be not we go in the wrong direction ? louise well , I figure if you take a state policeman , shoot up he car , take he gun and lock he in the trunk , it 's best to just get on out of the state if you can . thelma just ask . they be both quiet for a second . Louise go a little faster . thelma be digging through she bag . she hand Louise a piece of beef jerky . louise I do not want to see any more beef jerky . I mean the next beef jerky you hand I be go out the window . it 's drivin ' I crazy . the whole car smell like it . thelma it 's good . it 's what the pioneer eat . louise I do not care what the damn pioneer eat . you just keep that shit away from I , now I mean it . thelma put down she bag . louise and I do not want any more Wild Turkey , either . it 's burn a hole in my stomach . thelma okay , okay ... I have get some tequila . you want some tequila ? louise you do ? thelma yeah , you want it ? louise yeah . thelma start to dig through she bag again . thelma it 's in here somewhere . Louise be rub she face . she look pretty bad . her hand be shaking . louise shit . I be gettin ' tired . thelma be you alright ? Louise do not really seem alright . louise I think I have really fuck up . I think I have get we in a situation where we could both get kill . why do not we just go straight to the police . thelma you know why . you already say . louise what would I say again ? thelma nobody would believe we . we would still get in trouble . we would still have we life ruin . and you know what else ? louise what ? thelma that guy be hurtin ' I . and if you have not come out when you do , he would a hurt I a lot worse . and probably nothin ' woulda happen to he . ' Cause everybody do see I dancin ' with he all night . and they woulda make out like I ask for it . and my life woulda be ruin a whole lot worse than it be now . at least now I be havin ' fun . and I be not sorry the son of a bitch be dead . I be only sorry that it be you that do it and not I . and if I have not , I wanna take this time to thank you , Louise . thank you for savin ' my ass . louise I say all that ? thelma no , Louise , you say the first part . I say all the rest . louise ( tired ) whatever . ext . roadside rest station - morning Louise be at a pay phone as the sky be just start to get light . thelma be in the bathroom nearby . Louise have already dial and the phone be ringing . int . thelma's house - morning the tv drone on in the b.g. as the phone ring there , everyone leap into action again . Max pick up the phone . max hello . louise ( v.o. ) let I speak to ... slocumbe . max ( to hal ) she want to talk to you . hal hello , Louise . ext . pay phone - morning louise hey . hal ( v.o. ) how be thing goin ' out there ? louise weird . get some kind of snowball effect goin ' here or somethin' . hal ( v.o. ) you be still with we though . you be somewhere on the face of the earth ? louise well , we be not in the middle of nowhere , but we can see it from here . int . thelma's house - morning hal smile . hal I swear . Louise , I almost feel like I know you . louise ( v.o. ) well . you do not . hal you be gettin ' in deeper every moment you be go . louise ( v.o. ) would you believe I if I tell you this whole thing be a accident ? hal I do believe you . that 's what I want everybody to believe . trouble be , it do not look like a accident and you be not here to tell I about it ... I need you to help I here . ext . pay phone - morning Louise do not answer . hal ( v.o. ) do harlan puckett ... through clench tooth , repulse : louise ( interrupt ) no ! hal ( v.o. ) you want to come on in ? Louise think for a minute . louise I do not think so . int . thelma's house - day hal then I be sorry . we be gonna have to charge you with murder . now , do you want to come out of this alive ? the surveillance man motion to hal to keep it go . darryl come in and immediately realize hal be talk to Louise . darryl look attentively at hal . ext . pay phone - day louise you know , certain word and phrase just keep float through my mind , thing like incarceration , cavity search , life imprisonment , death by electrocution , that sort of thing . so , come out alive ? I do not know . let we think about that . hal ( v.o. ) Louise , I will do anything . I know what 's makin ' you run . I know what happen to you in Texas . Louise 's eye get wide as she hear this . a finger reach up and press down the lever and hang up the phone . angle of thelma she have she finger on the lever . thelma come on , Louise . do not blow it . let 's go . she walk away towards the car . Louise be still stand there hold the phone . thelma stop and look at she . thelma come on . Louise do not move . int . thelma's house - day frustrate , hal slam down the phone . he look over at the surveillance man who nod to say " we get it . " the whole room react excitedly . everyone in the room spring into action . Max immediately pick up the phone and hal watch he intently . he mouth the word to Max -- " I wanna go " emphatically . Max slightly shake he head , still of the phone . hal go charge over to Max . hal Max . you gotta take I there ! I be ... I be the only one she 's ever talk to . I do not want anybody losin ' they head . you know what happen . the volume get turn way up and the next thing you know that girl be gonna get shot . Max , still hold the phone , be surprised by this outburst . max ( calmly ) okay , hal , okay . ext . pay phone - day Louise be still stand there . thelma Louise ? louise yes , thelma ? thelma you be not gonna give up on I , be ya ? louise what do you mean ? thelma you be not gonna make some deal with that guy , be you ? I mean , I just wanna know . louise no , thelma . I be not gonna make any deal . thelma I can understand if you be thinkin ' about it . I mean , in a way , you have get something to go back for . I mean Jimmy and everything . Louise be surprised to be hearing this from thelma . louise thelma , that be not a option . thelma but I do not know ... something 's cross over in I and I can not go back . I mean , I just could not live ... louise I know . I know what you mean . I do not wanna end up on the damn geraldo show . they be both quiet for a moment . louise he say they be charge we with murder . thelma ( make a face ) eeuww . louise and we have to decide whether we want to come out of this dead or alive . thelma gosh , do not he say anything positive at all ? Louise start the car . they lurch into reverse then screech forward as they tear off down the road . wide shot of car as they fly down the road . thelma Louise , do you think we should change car , get another car ? louise sure ... you know how to hotwire a car ? thelma no. louise well , let I know when you figure it out . ext . airstrip - day a car pull up on a airstrip and stop next to a small jet . hal and Max get out of the car and board the plane . ext . desert - day montage of drive shot as Louise and thelma drive through the intense beauty of the Arizona desert . int . car - day thelma you awake ? louise you could call it that . my eye be open . thelma I too . I feel awake . louise good . thelma Wide awake . I do not remember ever feelin ' this awake . everything look different . you know what I mean . I know you know what I mean . everything look new . do you feel like that ? like you have get something to look forward to ? Louise and thelma both get quiet for a second . louise we will be drinkin ' margaritas by the sea , mamasita . thelma we can change we name . louise we can live in a hacienda . thelma I wanna get a job . I wanna work at Club Med . louise yes ! yes ! now what kind of deal do you think that cop can come up with to beat that ? thelma it would have to be pretty good . louise it would have to be pretty damn good . they be both laugh . the car be still fly down the road . the sun be come higher in the sky now . they come to a intersection in the middle of nowhere . Louise stop and look at the map . louise we should head a little further in . there 's not that many road in this state . I want to try to hit Mexico somewhere not so close to New Mexico . they probably wanna kill we in New Mexico . thelma you be drivin ' . Louise take a right turn and speed down the road . ext . desert road - day Louise and thelma be sing along to a wild r&amp ; B song . they do the hand movement as if they be the supreme . they come roaring up on the semi-tanker , the same one they have see three time before . thelma ( scream over music ) oh my God ! Louise ! look ! look ! see if that 's he ! louise it 's he . he 's get California plate . it 's the same guy . thelma pass he ! ext . desert road - day Louise bear down really hard and pass he . again as they get right next to he , he blow kiss down at they . he be leer at they and laugh . Louise and thelma drive further down the road . Louise pull the car off to the side of the road . as the truck get close they start wave to he to stop . he pull he truck off the side of the road and stop . angle on Louise and thelma smile up at he . he chuckle to himself . he lean out the window . thelma hi! trucker hi there ! you alright ? thelma we be fine ! how be you ? trucker grrrreat ! louise follow we . they turn off onto a dirt road and pull to a stop . int . truck cab - day the trucker reach over and open a glove compartment cramme full of condom . he grab a few and shove they in he pocket . he turn off he engine and get out of the truck . ext . side of road - day he walk up to the car . Louise and thelma get out of the car . thelma where you goin ' ? trucker fresno . louise we be seein ' you all along the way . trucker yeah . I be seein ' you , too . thelma we think you have really bad manners . Louise nod . louise we be just wonderin ' where you think you get off behavin ' like that to woman you do not even know . this be not what be suppose to be happen . trucker what ? what be you talkin ' about ? louise you know good and damn well what I be talkin ' about . thelma I mean really ! that business with you tongue . what be that ? that 's disgusting ! louise and , oh my God , that other thing , that point to you lap ? what 's that suppose to mean exactly ? do that mean pull over , I want to show you what a big fat slob I be or ... thelma do that mean suck my dick ? trucker you woman be crazy ! louise you get that right . thelma we think you should apologize . he be get a little panicky . trucker I be not apologize for shit ! louise say you be sorry . trucker fuck that . Louise pull the gun they steal from the State patrolman . louise say you be sorry or we will make you fuckin ' sorry . he look at the gun . trucker oh , Jesus ! thelma you probably even call we beaver on you cb radio , do not you ? trucker yeah ... sure do . thelma damn . I hate that ! I hate bein ' call a beaver , do not you ? louise be you go to apologize or not ? trucker fuck you . Louise look at he truck off in the distance . she point the gun at it , take a second to get a bead , then shoot two of the tire flat . the truck slowly sink as the air escape from the tire . trucker oh goddamn !! you bitch !! Louise and thelma look at each other . they both turn towards the truck and FIRE round into the tanker until they explode in a huge ball of fire . the truck driver scream at the top of he lung . Louise start the car and start drive in circle around the truck driver . thelma and Louise be both howling at the top of they lung . thelma be sit on the back of the front seat with she leg on the dashboard . trucker you fuck bitch ! aaaaaaarrrgghh !!! you be gonna have to pay for that !!! I be gonna make you pay for that !! you hear I ??!! Louise stop the car right next to he . thelma shut up . Louise take off again and thelma fall into the back seat . they drive off trail a huge cloud of dust . ext . desert - day Louise drive through the desert back towards the road , past the burn debris of the truck . as she get to the road she stop . thelma climb into the front seat . int . car - day thelma hey . where would you learn to shoot like that ? louise Texas ... you be right about what happen to I there . they pull away from the burn wreckage . int . car - day as thelma and Louise talk , they voice be hear over the follow scene . louise ( v.o. ) you know what 's happen , do not you ? thelma ( v.o. ) what ? louise ( v.o. ) ( smile ) we have go insane . thelma ( v.o. ) yup . ext . new mexico side of road - day a batter old pickup truck be park by the New Mexico State patrol . a old man use a crowbar to pry open the trunk . the New Mexico State patrolman hop out of the trunk . ext . desert road - helicopter shot - day Police bulletin voice over begins and plays over follow scene : a police helicopter fly over the burn wreckage of the fuel truck . the truck driver be wave he arm as the helicopter descend , blow dirt all over he . int . thelma's house - day darryl sit practically comatose in a big chair . his eye have a dull glaze as he stare first at one wall , then another . int . car - day a tight shot of a tape be shove into the cassette deck . int . FBI jet - day Max and hal sit next to each other in the jet . hal try to appear as if he 's use to all this . Max hold a cellular phone to he ear . tight shot of Max as we hear through the phone : Police voice over become part of scene . police ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) ... abducted ... shot up the car ... steal the officer 's weapon ... tanker ... blow up ... terrorize ... Max 's face become troubled and more serious than we have see so far . he look at hal as he hang up the phone . max you be not even go to believe this . ext . FBI jet - day the jet bank off to the leave . ext . desert road - day wide shot of car speed through the desert on a empty highway west . drive shot -- thelma have she face to the sun with she eye close . Louise be drive with a fierce intensity . they hardly resemble the two woman that start out for a weekend in the mountain two day earlier . although they face be tan and line and they hair be blow wildly there be a sense of serenity that pervade . ext . heliport - day hal and Max be climb out of the jet and run across the tarmac to a wait helicopter . Max be carry a walkie- talkie now . int . car - day thelma sit up suddenly . a Arizona police car pass they go eastbound . thelma oh shit. Louise ... do you think he see we ? louise I do not know , but let 's get off . louise be Pov - rearview mirror the police car cut across the median to begin pursuit of the girl . the light be flash . int . car - day louise be you seat belt on ? thelma put she seat belt on . Louise floor the car and it streak off , put some distance between they and the police car . thelma look back at the police car . she look scared . thelma I guess we shoulda make some kinda plan for what to do if we get catch . louise yeah , right . we be not gonna get catch . int . arizona police car - day state policeman be on he radio . policeman # 1 ... request assistance . in pursuit of a green t- Bird , 1966 license , seven , one , nine , William , Zebra , Adam ... radio ( v.o. ) Roger . be advise ... ( break up ) ... armed and extremely dangerous ... ext . arizona state police headquarters - day a steady stream of state police car pull out of the parking lot with light flash while other policeman be run to they car still park in the lot . int . car - day thelma how far be we from Mexico ? louise about two hundred and fifty mile . thelma how long do you think that will take ? ext . desert road - day there be now two police car behind they about half a mile back . they be go really fast . a police helicopter catch up to they and order they to stop . thelma stand and flip they off . thelma we be go to Mexico ! int . car - day thelma ( look back ) uh oh . there 's another one . Louise and thelma both be look back at the two police car follow they . they turn back around just in time to see a third Arizona State police car have pull into the middle of a intersection of the only road that cross it for mile . they both scream . Louise swerve just in time to keep from hit it broadside . she go off the road and have to struggle to pull she car back onto the road , leave a huge cloud of dust . louise shit ! thelma do you see that guy ?! he be right in the middle of the road ! ext . desert road - day the first two police car be approach the same intersection . they be drive side by side . there be still a huge cloud of dust that now cover the third car in the middle of the intersection . int . police car # 1 - Pov - day a huge cloud of dust blow across the road as he approach the intersection . it clear to reveal the third police car in the middle of the road , just as he and police car # 2 reach the intersection . angle on policeman # 1 as he scream and swerve to the right . int . police car # 3 - day angle on policeman # 3 as he sees both police car heading right for he at 120 mph . he scream and duck down into the seat . another angle - police car # swerve to the right . Police car # 2 swerve to the leave , both barely miss police car # 3 . another angle as police car # 1 and police car # 2 both pull back onto the road right next to each other . int . police car # 3 - day policeman # 3 sit up in the seat . he can not believe he be not dead . he put he car in gear and take off down the road after they . int . car - day louise ( look in rearview mirror ) shit ! thelma what ?! louise what ?! what d' you think ?! thelma oh. ext . desert ghost town - day Louise and thelma blow through a stand of building leave from when the train go through here . there be two parallel street on either side of the one they be on and , as they pass by building , they can see police car roaring down this parallel street try to " head they off at the pass . " Louise floors it and she car scream ahead . louise we probably shoulda fill up the car before we blow up that truck . thelma why ? louise they will probably catch we when we have to stop for gas ! thelma I know this whole thing be my fault . I know it be . louise there 's one thing you oughta understand by now , thelma , it 's not you fault . thelma Louise ... no matter what happen , I be glad I come with you . louise you be crazy . ext . desert road - day Louise swerve off the road and begin drive across the desert . all the police car take off across the desert after they . they be now be pursue by at least fifteen car . int . car - day thelma you be a good friend . louise you too , sweetie , the best . thelma I guess I go a little crazy , huh ? louise no ... you have always be crazy . this be just the first chance you have have to really express yourself . thelma I guess everything from here on in be go to be pretty shitty . louise unbearable , I would imagine . thelma I guess everything we have get to lose be already go anyway . louise how do you stay so positive ? they smile . ext . desert - day it do look like a Army . more police car have join , and from every direction , police car be swarm across the desert , although none be in front of they . Way off in the distance , a helicopter join the chase . int . car - day thelma be look way up ahead in the distance . thelma Louise ! louise what ?! thelma what in the hell be that up there ? louise where ?! thelma Way up ahead ! Louise strain to see . whatever it be , Louise be barrel towards it , the car leave the ground as they fly through the desert . louise oh my God !! Louise start to laugh and cry at the same time . thelma what in the hell be it ?! louise it 's the goddamn Grand Canyon ! ext . desert - day behind they be a huge wall of dust create by all the police car follow they . in front of they , look larger every moment , be the awesome splendor of the Grand Canyon . int . car - day thelma be not it beautiful ?!! louise it 's grand ! Louise have tear stream down she face as she realize there be absolutely no escape . she continue barrel towards it without slow down . ext . desert - day all the police car be still follow about a half a mile behind . the car be bounce and fly across the desert . finally , they get about twenty yard from the edge and Louise slam on the brake . thelma and Louise be just wait for the car to catch up . the police car stop in a line about two hundred yard behind they . the dust from the car be blow across they . they just sit look at the Grand Canyon . from the canyon , the FBI helicopter rise up in front of the car . int . FBI helicopter - day hal see thelma and Louise for the first time . they be sit in the car , oblivious in a way , to all the activity around they . he only take he eye off of they long enough to look at Max . int . car - day thelma God ! it look like the Army ! louise all this for we ? thelma start to laugh . Louise be only concerned with miss the cacti and other obstacle that lie before she . int . FBI helicopter - day the helicopter land behind the row of police car . hal' Pov he see thelma and Louise face each other . they look so nice . he can not stop look . he borrow the binocular from Max . he see thelma and Louise in the car . some of the police sharpshooter be sport semi-automatic rifle . hal look at Max . hal hey ! do not let they shoot that girl . this be too much . they get gun point at them ! max the woman be armed , hal . this be standard . now you stay calm here . this boy know what they be doin' . Max climb out of the chopper . hal sit for a moment and then leap out and follow Max . police ( o.s. ) ( over loudspeaker ) this be the Arizona highway patrol . you be under arrest . you be consider armed and dangerous . any failure to obey any command will be consider a act of aggression against we . int . car - day thelma now what ? louise we be not give up , thelma . thelma then let 's not get catch . louise what be you talkin ' about ? thelma ( indicate the Grand Canyon ) go. louise go ? thelma be smile at she . thelma go. they look at each other , look back at the wall of police car , and then look back at each other . they smile . tight shot - cartridge be load into automatic rifle . thelma and louise - through the cross hair of a gun sight ext . desert - day two of the arizona cop by they car , as they be load weapon , talk quietly . arizona cop # 1 ... hear they shot a cop . arizona cop # 2 no shit . arizona cop # 1 with he own gun . put he in the trunk and blow he away ... int . car - day Louise and thelma be look at each other . police ( o.s. ) ( over loudspeaker ) turn off the engine and place you hand in the air ! ext . desert - day hal be about to crawl out of he skin . he can not believe this thing be get out of control . he jump in front of Max . hal Max ! let I talk to them ! I can not believe this ! you have gotta do something here ! Max go around hal and continue walk . hal jump in front of Max again and block he way . hal I be sorry to bother you , I know you be real busy right now , but how many time , Max ? how many time have that woman gotta be fuck over ? you could lift one finger and save she ass and you will not even do that ? max ( grab hal ) get a hold of yourself ! you be way out of you jurisdiction , now come on ! calm down ! do not make I sorry I let you come ! Max let go of hal 's lapel . hal ( under he breath ) shit ! I can not fuck believe this ! hal walk along with a look of total disbelief on he face . he 's shaking he head . slowly he break into a trot and start head toward the front line . max ( shouting ) hey . hey ! hal be run now and clear the front row of car . there be a lot of confusion among the officer on the front row . some shout , some lower they gun to look . arizona cop # 1 what in the hell ?! arizona # 2 ( lowering he rifle ) the son of a bitch be in my way ! int . car - day they be still look at each other really hard . thelma you be a good friend . louise you , too , sweetie , the best . shoot with or without . music : b.b. King song entitle " better not look down " begin . it be very upbeat . louise be you sure ? thelma nod . thelma hit it . Louise put the car in gear and floors it . CUT to : ext . desert - day hal 's eye widen for a moment at what he see , and then a sense of calm overtake he and he mouth the word " alright . " b.b. king song ( v.o. ) I have be around , I have seem some thing , people movin ' faster than the speed of sound , faster than a speedin ' bullet . people livin ' like superman , all day and all night . I will not say if it 's wrong or I will not say if it 's right . I be pretty fast myself . but I do have some advice to pass along , right here in the word to this song ... ext . desert - day the cop all lower they weapon as look of shock and disbelief cover they face . a cloud of dust blow through the frame as the speed car sail over the edge of the cliff . b.b. king song ( v.o. ) better not look down , if you wanna keep on flyin' . put the hammer down , keep it full speed ahead . better not look back or you might just wind up cryin' . you can keep it movin ' if you do not look down ... fade out the end