there will be blood written by Paul Thomas Anderson base on " oil ! " by upton sinclair final shoot script pink 7.25.06 Blue 5.18.06 White ( numbered ) 2.20.06 this script be the confidential and proprietary property of paramount vantage , and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote , or publish without prior write permission . over exterior shot of huge mountain in the b.g. , pure desert in the f.g. music build from SMALL to loud , violent crescendo , then out . title : there will be blood ext . new mexico desert — day — 1898 camera look up a steep trail . half the frame fill with a hill in close distance , the other half be sky ..over the top of the hill we see a prospector 's pick come up and then down ..up and then down ..up and then down ... angle . behind the man with the pick . daniel c. plainview ( late 30 's here ) be , with pick and ax , in the middle of the day , in 110 degree heat in New Mexico , search for silver . he have a shaft about fifteen foot deep at this point . nearby be a mule and a cart . he dig and dig and dig . front angle . cu . daniel 's face . he continue . cuT to : ext . desert — evening . the mule be pull a cart fill with he prospector 's supplies . he walk beside , across the very rough desert terrain . hold . cuT to : ext . mine shaft — another day . he 's back at it again . the shaft be now twenty feet deep . he hear something outside the shaft in between swing of the pick ... he listens..waits..continues with the work .. but turn back and climb up out of the shaft ... angle , mouth of the shaft . he climb out and look ; 1 4a 6 a of his mule have drop dead in the heat . it be out like a light , 4a turn over on it 's side , the cart have fall over with it .. he walk over , inspect , wipe he sweat off , take a break for a minute and then go back in the shaft . CUT to : int . shaft . later . 5 cu . pick into earth once again . cu. daniel . he see something in the earth here . he Pov — in the rock . the clear trace , glisten vein of a sliver ore chamber . hold on he face . and the camera examine closely these mineral in the rock . play out full . outside the shaft , later . 6 he unleash the dead mule from the cart . and begin to load in massive chunks of rock , lead with silver ore into the cart . he catch he breath . he wipe he face and he go back into the shaft — but as he start back down — somewhere between pass out and trip -- he plunge — loose all he balance , twist around and head feet first straight down the shaft with no hold — and land at the bottom — 6 a both he ankle SNAP toward each other . hold . he pass out . cu . daniel . 7 maybe a few moment later and he have come to .. he look up to the top of shaft and see the light — so..over the course of however long it take , he pull himself up and out of the mine shaft . angle , mouth of the shaft . he arrive at the open .. he put himself on he back and rest .. hold . as he open he eye , he notice that the cart — from the weight 7a of silver ore - it have tip forward .. and in do so , have drop he canteen of water that have be strapped safely to the cart — water dribble out in a pool of mud where the canteen sit . 10 11 CuT to : ext . desert . day daniel be push the cart with the upper half of he body .. then he drag himself to catch up with the cart — he do this over and over and over and over again across the desert floor — camera behind he . Way off , in the distance , about a mile , be the trace of a small town — cut to : int . silver assay office / lease office - day . daniel , lay on he back on the floor of the office . cu 's of watch the assay process and tally up the value of the silver .. he will sell this lease and move on ... curt to : ext . somewhere in california . day — a few year later — 1902 daniel be work again in a large field with some men . there be : canburry ( 30 ) a older man ( 5as ) and a young man ( around 15 ) and a mining acquaintance : h.b. ailman ( 30 ) and nearby , keep in the shade in a small bassinet , be a one year old baby , ailman 's son ( h.w . ) they be again , with pick and ax , digging a well . they have a rope to a horse and have connect the rope to a pulley to raise and lower bucket into and out of the muck . they shovel the muddy dirt into bucket , load the content onto a cart , which they take by a mule to another area and dump . camera look down inide the well . they be at sixty feet . Inside the well be daniel and ailman . under they foot be oil soak shale.. it be emit considerable quantity of gas and crackle like heat popcorn . the fume be choking . they have rag to there face . after a few moment , daniel pass straight out . ailman smack he , smack he . wake he . CUT to : 10 11 12 13 14 14a cu . newspaper clipping . 12 it show the picture of a old , very crude derrick in Pennsylvania . wider , that moment . daniel , ailman , canburry all stand over the picture , point to it , get to the bottom of how it work . quick scene discuss exactly what would be need to build such a rig . ccut to : ext . drilling site — day 13 this crew of man have erect a very crude twenty foot tall derrick . they have fashioned a drill by attach a cross shape bit to a three inch rod . they have get a pump , drive by horsepower . daniel operate the drill that 's essentially a 20ft eucalyptus tree . the large apparatus drive deep into the ground — the first hit be very successful . he bring the drill back up for a second attempt . wide angle . daniel drive the 300 pound apparatus down — it break loose from he hand -- slip completely from he grasp — and plummet — he be leave hold nothing ... he just watch it fall down the hole . cur to : int . hole . — that moment 14 the drill / log come falling down , straight at camera . it fall , straight down the hole and splinter apart . hold . angle , daniel , up at the top . 14a look down after it , then back up at the rig they have build . he look to ailman . CUT to : 15 15 a 16 17 int . hole . 15 ailman have descended into the dark hole . daniel and the rest be up top . ailman wear a rubber rain slicker . mud everywhere . daniel coach from above . in the well , ailman , half passing out , and hanging from a pulley device , wrestle the drill free by kicking it with he feet over and over and over again — it eventually break free and can be bring up . moment later , at the top . 15a ailman and the drill piece be pulled to the top . CuT to : ext . hole . day . 16 with daniel . it 's all be re-constructed . they be drilling . drilling . on one blow -- they hit something very hard . solid . they can't budge the drill for a minute . then they get it . they pull the rig up and out . cu . the drill log . it land on the ground . it 's absolutely soaked in oil measure up about 10ft on the large wood drill piece . daniel enter frame , on he side .. get down and look at it . his breathe get heavier and heavier and a little crazy . hold . CUT to : ext . drilling site . day later . 17 this scene show how they be take the oil , dump it into a reservoir they have build , then take that and put it into whatever they have get : can , container , barrel , bottle , etc. etc . ailman work while hold the one - year- old h.w. in he arm . CuT to : 18 19 20 int . shaft . 18 daniel and ailman be in the shaft , work something . they be move in and out of consciousness , but be somehow drive forward , fix a part of the drill . oil and mud be pool underneath they . daniel hear something . look up . angle , the timber support that surround the well . something have come loose ... cu . daniel . he look at ailman . cu . timber a very large , sharp piece , like a icicle , crack in the support and come fly straight at camera . daniel and ailman . two shot . the piece come flying down like a dagger and goe straight into the top of ailman 's head , blood push from he mouth and eye and sprays daniel . hold , cu . on daniel . in a state of shock . CUT to : ext . drilling site . day 19 daniel look at the baby , hw , in the basket .. hold . he pick he up and walk around with he , hold onto he awkwardly .. he put he back in the basket , look around .. look back at this baby h.w ... CUT to : int . flop house . night 20 the young baby h.w. be crying at the top of it 's lung , lay in the bed next to daniel who be out cold . everyone else be asleep in this flophouse . Daniel wake up , take some whiskey from he bag , pour it on he finger and put it in the baby 's mouth . he sip some himself .. baby h.w. cry and cry and cry ... angle , later . daniel carry the baby h.w. to a corner of the flophouse where a mother and father and three child be sleep . 21 22 the mother gently take out she breast and put the baby h.w. to it , calming and quieting the child . Daniel fall back asleep sit on the floor . CUT to : int . train . moving . day . 21 camera hold on daniel sleep . the baby , h.w. be in the seat next to he , awake and look about . camera move in close on they both . hold . long dissolve to : cu . daniel caldecot plainview . ( D.C. plainview ) — 1908 22 a few ( six ) year later . he be dress well now . slight show of some wealth . overcoat , haircut , clean shaven , etc . we see nothing but he as he speak ; daniel lady and gentlemen , I have travel over half we state to get here this evening . I could not get away sooner because my new well be come in at coyote Hills and I have to see about it . that well be now flow at two thousand barrel and it 's pay I a income of five thousand dollar a week . I have two other drilling and I have sixteen produce at antelope . so — lady and gentlemen — if I say I be a oil man , you will agree . ( beat ) you have a great chance here — but bear in mind : you can loose it all if you be not careful . out of all man that beg for a chance to drill you lot , maybe one in twenty will be oil man ; the rest will be speculator — man try to get between you and the oil man — to get some of the money that ought by rights come to you . even if you find one that have money , and mean to drill , he ’1ll maybe know nothing about drilling and he ’1ll have to hire out the job on contract — and then you be depend on a contractor that 's tryin' to rush the job through — so he can get another contract just as quick as he can . this be way that this work . a oc voice interrupt , loudly ; Daniel hold he composure . oc male voice what be you offer ? we're wasting time . daniel I do my own drilling and the man that work for I , work for I and they be man I know . I make it my business to be there and see to they work . I do not lose my tool in the hole and spend month fishing for they ; I do not botch the cement off and let water in the hole and ruin the whole lease . reveal , at that moment , young h.w. ( age 7 ) he be stand behind Daniel and look at the group oc . Daniel and h.w . ; daniel I be fix like no other company in this field and that 's because my coyote Hills well have just come in — I have a string of tool all ready to put to work .. I can load a rig onto truck and have they here in a week . I have business connection so I can get the lumber for the derrick — such thing go by friendship in a rush like this . and this be why I can guarantee to start drilling and put up the cash to back my word . I assure you , whatever the other promise to do , when it come to the showdown , they will not be there ... reverse , the room , that moment about ten family have pack themselves into a very small bungalow home in signal Hill near Long Beach , Calif . they be a hungry group ; man that 's fine . that 's just fine , but how do you propose to split up the lot ? woman what be you saying , mr. plainview ? married man we don ’t have time for this if you can't tell US how you plan to pay each and every person that be in this room . another man let he finish . let he finish . man if someone have a marked boundary and a SMALL lot , that infringe — another man let he finish ! man infringing on my lot and taking my money . another man let he finish . please , Mr. plainview -- daniel it 's not up to I to say how you be go to divide the royalty . but let I say this ; whatever you give up so you can get together — it will be smart compare to what you may loose by delay . the crook and the gambler be near and the wolf be scratch the door . lady and gentlemen , take it from I as a oil man — humbly — there be not go to be many gusher here at signal Hill . a field play out very quick . in two or three year , this well will be dry — even this discovery well that 's gush down the road and have everyone so crazy . so my suggestion , with respect , be take a smaller share of royalty and we will see that it 's a small share of a bigger royalty . that , lady and gentleman , be what I have to say . hold on the room . everyone have take this in , then : the room erupt as each family scream and yell and unleashes there wrath at each other about how there lot should be divide and royalties share and measurment of '' SMALL lot '' '' big lot '' '' little big lot '' '' little SMALL lot '' women scream : '' we should just go with a family operation , it 's more important ! '' a man scream : '' bull . '' we witness human dignity go completely out the window . Daniel stand , slowly turn and walk out the door , without even be notice . h.w. walk out behind Daniel ... CUT to : 23 ext . signal hill — that moment . 23 camera lead daniel and h.w. out of the bungalow and onto the street , they be follow out of the house by a small man name prescott ( 5as ) plead he case — prescott no , please , Mr. plainview where be you go ? daniel I do not need the lease , thank you . prescott but , no , no , we need you , we would like for you to begin — daniel there 's too much confusion . thank you for you time . prescott no confusion , let we just , please come back and we can all settle this — daniel I would not take the lease if you give it to I as a gift . daniel and h.w. keep walk , they jump over the oil that flow in the gutter , of this suburban tract community / under construction . people in the street , buying , selling , etc . we can see the top of a derrick in the distance on a hill . they walk down the center of the street and off up a side road -- CUT to : 24 1 bankside home — night . 24 int . daniel be now sit with a nice , mild mannered man : jim bankside ( 5as ) he wife sit with he and they two son age 10 and 12 . beat . hw sit beside Daniel and a bit behind ; daniel Mr. bankside , I be not go to waste you time and I have like it if you do not waste mine . if you want to sign with I we can have a well drilling within ten day . you lot be further North from the discovery well up here so it mean we will probably have to dig deeper . if there 's as much oil up here as I think there be , it will be harder to reach but once we find it we can take it right out . but we have to act quickly because very soon this grounds will dry up . I need you to know what you want to do . because of the distance from the discovery well I 'il pay you a smaller royalty than you have get down there — but I will give you a thousand dollar bonus on you lot . bankside what royalty ? daniel a sixth — now that 's standard . and a guarantee to start drilling within ten day — which be not . kide do it , dad . do it . do it . bankside ( to kid ) shut up . daniel the oil — game be like heaven . everyone be call but few be choose . mrs . bankside where be you wife ? daniel she die at child birth , Mrs. bankside . it 's just I and my boy . bankside take all this in , then : 25 25 a 25b 25c 26 CUT to : ext . derrick floor — evening — week later . 25 daniel be guide the process on the floor of the derrick , which have be erect on top of / next to / in the bankside home . hold on this process , and introduce the main team of driller that Daniel work with ; BEN blaut ( 40s ) , murgins ( 5as ) joe ghunda ( 40s ) and four other face / roughnecks . we watch they and hear technical detail , etc . «there be a deep , dark rumble .. the man get ready ... -- it 's very quiet ... camera look straight down onto the man work .. and in a flash : 25a a burst of gas / water / oil come striaght up and at the camera . the screen goe black . oil sprays all over the bankside house ... 25 B '' the men contain the gusher and " tie-off '' .. lead the oil into wait large drum container . «inside the container ’s..we watch the oil fill up . 25c CUT to : int . plainview america drilling CO . ( bankside house ) — night 26 Inside what be the bankside home , Daniel and he main partner in business : fletcher hamilton ( 40s ) have make office . it 's clearly be a few hard week of work , the home be now dirty , cramped , with tool , paper , etc . this have become they home base . just outside the window , we see the base of the derrick , invade the live room / kitchen — h.w. sleep on a cot in the corner , behind Daniel 's desk . outside , we hear the drilling and yell and all the rest of the circus ... a young kid ( paul sunday age 16 ) knock on the screen door , look inside . he be skinny , dirty , travel , wear ; paul sunday mr. plainview ? daniel yes ? he step inside . paul sunday be you daniel plainview ? daniel yes . beat . daniel what can I do for you ? paul sunday you look for oil ? daniel yes . paul sunday what do you pay for a place that have it ? daniel that depend . paul sunday what do it depend on ? daniel lot of thing . paul sunday if I tell you I know a place that have oil , where land could be buy cheaply — what do you think that would be worth ? daniel I think you have have to let I know what you know . and we would try and work something out . paul sunday can I sit down ? beat . he sit . paul sunday what church do you belong to ? beat . daniel i.. I enjoy all faith .. I do not belong to one church in particular — I like they all — I like everything . where be you from ? paul sunday that would be tell you . that 's what I want to sell you . daniel what be you do in signal Hill ? paul sunday fe have oil and it seep through the ground -- do you want to pay I to know where it be ? daniel just because there 's something on the ground do not mean there 's anything beneath it . paul sunday why do Standard oil buy up land ? beat . Paul just look at he ; daniel be it in California ? paul sunday maybe . daniel how much land do they buy ? paul sunday I would like it better if you do not think I be stupid . daniel «why do you come to I ? paul sunday you just bring this well in . daniel that 's right . paul sunday yeah , so : just give I five hundred dollar in cash right now and I will tell you where it be . daniel I 'il give you one hundred dollar now and if it look like a promise lease , I 'il give you a thousand dollar bonus . paul sunday six hundred dollar . daniel tell I one thing to help I decide : what else do you have up there ? what do you grow ? paul sunday we have a big ranch , but it 's mostly rock . you plant thing , nothing grow but weed — what make you think it 's up ? fletcher be there sulphur around or alkali deposit ? paul sunday alkali nearby . I do not know sulphur . h.w. wake up in the b.g. , behind Daniel 's desk and look at the scene , see the boy , look around .. Paul look from h.w. to Daniel ; paul sunday be that you son ? daniel yes . paul sunday hi. h.w. hi. paul sunday ( to fletcher ) who be you ? fletcher my name be fletcher Hamilton . nice to meet you , Paul . paul sunday what do you do ? fletcher I work with Mr. plainview . daniel four hundred dollar ... paul sunday it 's six now . I be leave my home for good , so I need this -- I want six hundred dollar . give it to I or I will go somewhere else . Daniel reach into he pocket — he have $ 300 — fletcher get out a envelope and give he another $ 300 . paul sunday I come from a town call Little Boston in isabella County . angle , moment later . they have a map spread out and tack up on the wall . daniel , fletcher , hw and paul over it as he point . paul sunday this be we here . spur station here at Little Boston . the Sunday ranch be what you be look for . there 's a sheep trail that lead you there — it 's a mile from town head west — not far . just through a small pass — near the base of the hill . follow the sheep trail . daniel and where do Standard buy up ? paul sunday here and here . he point to a area about thirty mile north west . daniel you family 's name be Sunday ? paul sunday that 's right . beat . daniel how many in you family ? paul sunday my father and mother and and my sister and my young brother , eli . h.w. how many sister do you have ? paul sunday two. Mary and Ruth . daniel what 's you name ? paul sunday Paul . fletcher do you family know about the oil that you say be there ? paul sunday I do not know . my uncle always say there be oil there — but I do not know what they hear or what they think . fletcher what do you grow ? paul sunday it 's goat . a goat farm . I tell you : there 's nothing grow up there but weed . fletcher water ? paul sunday it 's salty . you drill a well , it hard not to get salt water . ( beat ) the oil be there . I be tell you . paul sunday I wanna go now . so : good luck to you . daniel you can stay here tonight -- 27 28 18 paul sunday no . I wanna go now . I wanna leave . Daniel walk over to he . daniel if I travel all the way there and I find out that you be a liar , I will find you and I 'il take more than my money back , be that alright with you ? paul sunday yessir . beat . paul sunday nice luck to you . good bye . he leave . hold with Daniel , fletcher and hw . fletcher you know there be a earthquake up there a few day ago ... ( beat ) anything he 's see on the ground could just be loose stuff set free ... hold . CuT to : ext , train depot / little boston , california — late day . 27 camera look down a long stretch of train track that cut across a dry , flat , empty valley floor . we can see , in the distance , the faint trace of daniel and hw drive in they car on a road that run parallel to the track . they bounce up and down , dust trail behind they — we pan with they as they arrive at : the train depot of little boston . we see some small , roll 28 hill in the distance ... they park there car next to the spur station , unload some camping equpiment from there car and start walk off .. we see the town of little boston nearby ... daniel and hw walk the road on the outskirt of town and towards the hill -- 29 CUT to : ext . sheep road / base of hill - dusk . 29 they be walk with the heavy camping equipment . h.w. start to fall a bit , with the camp equipment , Daniel catch he , prop he up a bit ; daniel alright ? yeah . they walk some more until Daniel see something come up ahead in the distance , say to hw ; daniel remember you silence ..( walk beside I , not behind I . ) camera pan lft , become there Pov : come towards they , from the distance be a man . this be abel sunday ( 5as ) he be very frail , small , wear ; abel sunday good evening . daniel good evening . they gain ground , get closer . three shot . hold . daniel my name be Daniel plainview . this be my son hw . abel sunday be you hunt ? daniel we be hunt for quail . we be tell there might be a good place to camp up here near the Sunday ranch ... abel sunday this be the Sunday ranch . you can camp here . daniel do you have water ? 30 20 abel sunday yes . they arrive at each other . abel sunday ( extend he hand ) I be abel Sunday . daniel pleasure to meet you . we hear there be a earthquake here a few day ago be that right ? abel sunday yes . daniel you family ? abel sunday yeah , all fine , thank you . we have get some milk if you have like , goat 's milk up at the ranch if that 's ok .. daniel that would be fine . they continue to chat as they walk up the road . in the distance be some minor roll hill ... they head around a bend .. and we see a church on a hill ... dissolve to : ext . sunday ranch / moment later . 30 the three man come up to the small , very run down home . stand , wait outside be the sunday family : mother sunday ( 5as ) RUTH sunday ( age 12 ) mary sunday ( age 7 ) and a very skinny , man / boy , the son : eli sunday ( age 18 ) they make introduction , say hello , etc . about fifty yard from the house be a large oak tree ; daniel can we set a tent over here ? we will be out of you way here — hw go off 2 abel sunday that 's fine . eli , help this boy right now and get they some water . hw I have get it . to get some water . eli just stand . abel sunday Mr. plainview — would you like that milk now ? daniel that 's fine thank you . abel sunday go , Mary . Ruth help they with they tent -- daniel no , please . we set ourselves on this camp trip , we have get to do the camp . abel sunday the egg , Ruth . Ruth go off to get some egg . hw come back with some water ; daniel do you have any bread ? abel sunday we have potato . daniel potato would be nice , thank you . abel sunday I 'il have they boil you up some potato . daniel that 's alright , I think maybe we would make a fire . I want to work with my son on make a fire . abel sunday eli , would you get they some wood ? eli reluctantly go off to get some wood , Daniel walk over to abel , extend he hand ; 31 22 daniel thank you for you hospitality , abel . we will stay out of you way , just hunt quail — abel sunday I be sorry we do not have any bread . corn just do not fill out in the hill here . it 's mostly rock and we do not have room to raise the grain ... they chat a bit more as -- dissolve to : int . sunday ranch / night — later . 31 daniel and hw and abel sunday sit close to the FIRE . just back a bit , on stone , sit the rest of the family and eli . abel direct the girl to clear and wash they dish — they collect the dish , and then ; abel sunday brother , may I ask you a personal question ? daniel yes . abel sunday be you save ? daniel versus ... abel sunday and you have be wash in blood ? daniel yes , brother . we have be wash . abel sunday what be you church ? daniel we church be call the Church of the World . abel sunday I do not know that Church . I do not know what they message be -- daniel yes . 23 abel sunday can you tell I about the message of the Church of the World ? daniel well , brother abel , we be tell in the Book not to discuss we faith with stanger . even if they be so nice and helpful . abel sunday we be tell in we book , '' the Lord have call we to preach the Gospel unto they . '' daniel yes , that 's right . '' and the Gospel must first be publish among all nation . '' abel sunday that 's right ! daniel but accord to we faith , we believe that we get to know a man through friendship — and business — and we talk about faith later . eli speak up ; eli May I ask a question ? daniel yes , eli ? eli what do you Church teach about earthquake ? daniel about the earthquake ? like the earthquake you have up here ? ( beat ) we be teach that it be God 's mighty power . abel sunday my son be a healer and a vessel for the Holy Spirit . he have a church ... 32 33 24 eli we earthquake mean that the Holy Spirit have grow weary of drunkeness and lie in the world . ( beat ) have you be do any of this thing ? h.w. no we have not . daniel ( to eli ) no , son . we have not . eli thank you . no one seem to know what to say next , so they stand and say good night and head back to they house . Daniel , h.w. get inside they tent . dissolve to : ext . sunday ranch — dawn 32 daniel and hw put out they morning fire , collect they hunting gear and head off — CUT to : ext . hill nearby / canyon — morning . 33 camera lead / follow they as they move .. h.w. and daniel carry they shotgun .. while they hunt quail . daniel fire first . we follow h.w. -- watch he shoot . another angle . the same thing . hw raise the gun and shoot , hit another . daniel go get ‘em . h.w. run off . in run to retrieve the quail he step in something and stumble a bit . he stop , turn back — recognize something and slowly move towards it -- cu . h.w he look closer . beat . he look down towards he shoe . then ; 34 35 35 a 25 angle , hw . he run back to he Father . hw dad . daniel what ? hw look at my shoe . CUT to : ext . field - moment later . 34 they stand over a minor patch of tar / oil slick that bubbles on the surface .. daniel be kneel over it , dip a stick into it , move it about , look at it against the light — angle , cu . daniel . he take out a box of match and attempt to light the stick on fire . nothing . angle . cu . the oil . he move to another area of the oil slick and dip the stick in again , take some out , strike match and it flame . hold . daniel this be earthquake stuff set loose . cut to : ext . nearby hill - moment later 35 camera behind they as they climb up on top of a small hill , camera rise above they and reveal the landscape ; roll hill . rocky and dusty and rough . not pretty . they look over the place . hold . angle , moment later . 35a they be walk , daniel be feel the ground beneath he foot . SOUND sequence . feel of the footstep , crunch , etc . CUT to : poss / coming across the abandoned ranch house here ? 36 36 a 37 26 ext . bandy ranch / nearby canyon — later 36 they come upon a SMALL , rundown home at the base of some of the mountain in canyon . off to the side , in a run down pen be some pig . there be a pool of foul smelling sulphur water surround the pen , they cover there face , look around ; daniel he put he pig here - near the sulphur water to kill they fleas and cure the mange . this be a nice place to drill . this be you pay sand . angle , bandy house . they move to the house .. knock and get no answer .. they OPEN the door ... daniel hello ? inside , upon the wall , there be RELIGIOUS artifact . 36a crucifixion , portrait of mary , etc . a small altar with candle . daniel and h.w. take a good look , then exit -- CUT to : ext . hill . later / late afternoon . 37 they walk / talk quickly , carry the quail ; daniel so . aw so . daniel so-so . if there 's anything here .. we take it to the sea -- we can go into town and see a map - but what we do — we take a pipeline from here to Port hueneme or Santa Paula and we make a deal with Union oil — this be what we do and we do not need the railroad and the shipping cost anymore , you see ? 38 27 aw yeah . daniel you see that ? aw yes . daniel and then we be make money . we make the real money that we should be make and we be not throw it away -- otherwise it 's just mud . CUT to : int . sunday ranch — dusk . 38 camera hold on daniel . the Sunday family and h.w. eat the quail , minor conversation .. then : daniel what would you say be a fair price for this lot , abel ? everyone stop eat and look at Daniel : abel be very excited : abel sunday the Lord have send you here . the Prophet Daniel . daniel yes . let I finish tell you — abel sunday this be accord to the revelation of the true Word . this be it . daniel I think it be , yes . now what would you say be a fair price ? abel sunday five dollar a acre . eli six . daniel six dollar . thank you , eli. abel sunday and with the improvement I have make at five hundred -- daniel I will offer to buy the ranch for thirty - seven hundred dollar . ( beat ) that 's three thousand and seven hundred dollar . beat . mother sunday speak : mother sunday I do not want to leave here , this be not for sale . daniel no , no , no. you do not have to leave . you may stay here as long as you like and I will give you my word — you can have all the farming rights — what we can do be develop a lease — I will lease you the land after the purchase for the next ninety - nine year at ten dollar a year . mother sunday we do not have any money . daniel I be give you some ... everything get quiet . daniel do this seem fair to you ? abel sunday this be accord to the revelation — eli , this be accord to -- eli and what about the rock oil ? daniel «well , yes , what ..? 28 29 eli and what do you want to do about the rock oil ? daniel what about it ? eli we have oil here . that 's worth something . daniel do you have someone who can drill for it ? eli daniel do you think there 's oil here ? eli I know there be . daniel it 's very expensive to drill ..to get it up out of the ground . have you ever try that before ? eli how much be it ? daniel «costly . eli what would you give we for that ? daniel I do not know . eli something you don ’t know ! daniel what would you like , eli ? 30 eli I think that you should share the mineral rights with my Church . you have give we the farming rights , now why not share the mineral rights ? beat . eli and Daniel hold a look on each other ; daniel if we decide to drill for oil , if the well begin to produce I will give you Church a five thousand dollar signing bonus . eli that 's not enough . daniel do you want to find someone else that 's gonna come up here and drill ? eli ? make the investment and do all the work that go into it ? I can hunt for quail on another ranch just as easily as I can here . beat . eli be quiet . daniel I would be happy to be a supporter of you Church as long as I can . with the bonus only .. I do have some connection that could get we start drilling for oil ..how do you feel about that abel ? abel yes. what eli say . daniel Fine . Fine . let 's draw up some contract and let 's try . CUT to : 3 39 ext . train depot / little boston — morning ( start music ) 39 daniel and hw be drive on cart and horse by eli .. they approach the train depot area and they parked car . daniel you can just leave we here . eli ( be : the car ) be this yours ? daniel look like it . daniel hop down , grab some camp equipment and move towards the car . as hw move to climb down , he get a little stick -- eli give hw a little push , accidentaly / on purpose and he go straight to the ground . Daniel turn and look -- daniel you alright ? hw yeah . they start get they car pack up . eli that 's a very nice car . daniel maybe you 'il have one just like it someday , eli. Daniel and h.w. get in the car . eli turn around the other direction , Daniel drive off — and honk the horn , head into town -- CUT to : 40 int . rose real estate , insurance , loan office — morning . 40 camera behind they as they enter and greet the real estate man : al rose ( 40s ) daniel hello . al rose hello . can I help you ? 32 daniel well .. I no like to talk to you . I be look for some land , I have just buy the Sunday ranch , and ... . where 's the map ? angle , moment later . a map of the entire area be spread out on the desk in front of they ; they look it over . Daniel take out a small notepad and pencil , work it throughout ; al rose there 's the bandy tract which be the neighbor lot . he have over 600 acre -- daniel and what about this ? al rose ac maude , blodget , redlick ... carr ... daniel what 's it hold at ? al rose six dollar a acre . daniel and what about this ? al rose that 's the belvin and that could be get , I be sure . daniel can everything around here be get ? al rose beat . then ; Daniel look up . al rose sure . they sit down ; daniel I want you to buy this for I and I want you to be my man , Al . but I want it just enough to pay fair price — and I do not want it any more than that . people do not need to start boost price . if they do , you can tell they to forget it and I 'il forget it too . you can collect you commission from the seller in the usual way and on top of that you can have five percent from I . and that 'il be what make you a man . you seem aware enough that this should be do quickly and quietly so there be not any idea that there 's a boom on — do this make sense to you ? al rose yes . but I be not sure how quietly -- daniel Son , can you go to the car and get my bag please ? hw go outside — daniel you make the buy for a unknown client — you buy the option for cash — that mean if someone be home you should be able to make a deal right there — al rose you have this money on you ? daniel I have some and I can have a wire for more in the morning . have the option ready so they can be sign on the spot — hw come back inside with a leather bag and take out some form . daniel I carry everything in my car . this form will make it easy for you — so let 's type up a agreement to list this tract and purchase the Sunday tract . 41 34 angle , at the typewriter — later . Al type out some contract . Daniel stand over / behind he , say : daniel if I need to get a real road in Little Boston that go out to the Sunday ranch -- who would be a good man to talk to ? Al Rose look up from the typewriter at he .. al rose I have talk to Jake coffey . daniel what 's Jake 's business ? al rose Hay and feed.. and insurance . cur to : int . train depot — day — later . 41 daniel and hw come in to do some business with the train depot man : howard sommerville ( 5as ) he introduce himself , make small talk and go about make fill out a telegram , hand it over ; daniel Howard , who 's the best man in town to contact for a water well ? howard Sam Davis . daniel can you contact he for I and have he meet my son out at the Sunday ranch ? howard to talk to you son ? daniel to drill a proper well . my son know what I would like do . can I use that telephone ? 35 Daniel move towards the telphone across the room , while tell Howard the number he have like dial .. Howard work the switchboard and place the call for he , Daniel be connect with fletcher ; angle , hw . he look out the window and see : the train come down the track across the valley floor , approaching the station . angle , daniel . he be speak with fletcher , tell he to come up , etc. etc . his attention turn to the train as it pull up outside the window . angle , gene blaize and charlie whrightsman . ( 5as ) two other independent oil men step off the train and walk into the depot ; they see hw and start to chat he up .. Daniel finish he call with fletcher and walk over ; gene blaize plainview and Son . daniel hello , Gene. Charlie . you guy be a long way from signal Hill . you on you way somewhere else ? gene blaize pass through and look around . funny to see you . daniel funny . gene blaize congratulation on you well , I hear that hit nicely -- daniel 300 barrel a day . you remember my son , h.w.? gene blaize you boy be a regular family business ... daniel you boy be a little late ... gene blaize what would you find ? daniel I find some interesting prospect . gene blaize do you hear Standard buy up ? daniel '' I do hear . further North . gene blaize that 's right . daniel I like you gene , and I wanna tell you : if you be gonna make a play : look east , cause there 's a lot around here that 's be take . I have rather have it be you than someone else . whrightsman life must be easy when you have get such a cute face to carry around with you . daniel be you tell I how handsome my son be ? whrightsman that 's right . daniel thank you . that 's very nice . good luck . remember what I say . go east . they leave .. gene blaize call out to h.w. -- gene blaize I ' 1ll be you lawyer if you need to draw up a contract - make sure you do not get swindle , boy -- get half of what you dad be make -- ! CuT to : 42 37 ext . sunday ranch . day later . late afternoon . 42 h.w. and the young girl mary be sit around , talk . the water well man be at work digging the well , which hw supervise from a distance ; fletcher have arrive now and be walk the area with a geologist name fred english . they inspect the landscape / take measurement ... angle , mary and h.w. beat . mary what be they do ? hw they be just look around . mary how much money can we make from this ? hw it depend . mary how much ? hw I do not know . mary a thousand dollar ? hw it depend . you can not say . mary ten thousand dollar ? hw I do not know . mary my father hit I in the face if I do not pray . hw what do you do ? 38 mary hw do he do it a lot ? mary how much money can we make from this ? hw wit depend . you never know ... CUT to : 43 int . tent / sunday ranch . night . 43 it 's night and daniel and h.w. be in they tent . daniel be look over map , hw near he side .. then : hw . Mary tell I that she father beat she if she do not do all the praying shiver lord stuff that they do ... daniel how old be Mary ? hw I do not know . daniel she 's 's the smaller one ? he nod . daniel you do a nice job on the water well , son . very nice , thank you . aw . you welcome . daniel I love you . hw I love you too . beat . 44 39 rw do you know how many other lot we get up here ? daniel we will see tomorrow . CUT to : int . rose real estate . day 44 daniel be with al rose and they be look over the map of the area that be spread on the desk ; al be point to it , give detail of Daniel 's purchase ; al rose congratulation , Mr. plainview . it be all successful ! we get all this lot at five and half dollar and acre for a total of 10,400 acre . daniel that 's not right . that 's not successful . al rose well , this tract here next to the Sunday ranch : this be Mr. bandy — and he be not interested in a sale . daniel who be he ? al rose he 's a old man , bandy ..he homstead here . he life with he grandson ..he say he would like to talk to you .. daniel be he boost he price ? al rose he say he would like to speak with you . daniel about what ? al rose I do not know . he just say he have like to speak with whoever be do the buy . daniel do you mention my name ? al rose no. daniel I do not have time to sit and speak with this man , he either want to sell or not . al rose it 's just the hilly stuff ... daniel it 's a very good tract , this be where the sulphur be , do not tell I if it 's good or not , Al , you would not know . do not talk to I like that . al rose well .. maybe he want to boost he price and just speak with you about it . daniel I do not see what good talk be go to do . what do he raise up there , that pig ? al rose that 's right . daniel well .. let he wait . I do not need this man and I do not need to sit and talk with he to do what I want . you do a good job , here . Al , thank you . al rose it 's all successful — daniel not yet . what 's important now be protect the quail . do you think you can get '' no trespass '' sign over my 10,400 acre ? al rose ~um . that could take some time . daniel who 's the best man to talk to about some lumber ? 45 46 47 48 41 CUT to : ext . train depot . day 45 daniel 's worker get off the train . murgins , ghunda , BEN blaut .. and some other roughnecks .. they head off . CUT to : ext . sunday ranch . new road . day . 46 there be a newly made road .. camera move over it and follow a team of horse carrying a huge iron steam engine .. another team of horse carrying ton of long metal pipe .. this lead US around to reveal : the freshly built derrick . it 's fully erected and eighty feet tall . there be a SMALL basecamp . tent / housing for about twenty worker . the derrick be about 200 yard from the sunday house . steel , machinery , people , a SMALL camp of work . CUT to : int , abandoned ranch house / new plainview house . day . 47 a bit away from it all , h.w. and daniel have take over a abandon ranch house that 's be overgrown .. it 's be clean up / furnish / etc . camera watch as h.w. seem to be in charge of this .. work with the sundays : mary and RUTH and mother sunday and make suggestion , clean weed , etc . CUT to : ext . sunday ranch / derrick area . day . 48 camera lead / follow eli as he move around the construction with a few follower from he church . they be hand out SMALL cloth button and invite the new face down to the Church .. eli be all smile / charm .. 49 42 eli hello , brother . hello . good afternoon . the Church of the third revelation would Love to welcome you and offer a oasis of heal by the Holy Spirit ... the worker take the button . eli you can just follow the new road right to the Church .. the new road will lead you there . angle , daniel . nearby , notice eli move about glad-hand .. he watch he carefully : angle , daniel' basecamp office . 49 the office be small , canvas wall , wood floor . Inside , Daniel be with fletcher and murgins ( he foreman . ) eli knock on the door ; eli Daniel , may I have a word ? daniel yes . eli be everything go alright with everything ? daniel yes it be . eli good , good . Daniel , I understand that you have ask everyone to come around to watch the well start , be that right ? daniel I do . eli I think that I should bless the well . daniel 43 eli do you think it would be nice — I think it would be nice if you introduce I — I could come up the hill , and just as I be come up the hill and I arrive at the oil well — daniel -- the derrick . eli yes . at that moment , you could introduce I . daniel when you walk up ? eli that 's right . and maybe you could say , '' the proud son of this hill ... '' daniel when ? eli when you introduce I . so you would see I walk up . and then . as I arrive , you could say , something , a few word and then say : '' and now : the proud son of this hill , who tend he father 's flock ... '' and then you would say my name . daniel sound fine . eli good. will you remember the word ? daniel yes. eli would you like I to write they down ? daniel I 'il remember . 50 eli good . and then we can proceed after I say a few word to the follower and the people . what happen then ? daniel we will start the drill . eli good . do this sound good to you ? daniel that 's fine . eli should we practice it ? daniel no. eli what time ? daniel what time be good for you , eli ? eli one of clock . CUT to : int . abandoned ranch house / new plainiew cottage . day 50 hw and daniel stand in this clean up abandon ranch house . it 's be put together nicely ; daniel you do a good job on the house , boy . hw thank you . daniel you ready ? they exit . ccut to : 51 45 ext . the erected derrick ~— late afternoon . 51 this be a '' spudd in '' ceremony . everyone be around . slowly , we gather all the piece of cast so far . howard sommerville be here . al rose be here ... sooner or later , revealing themselves : more of the town of little boston , various member and ranch owner who have interest or who have have there land lease by daniel . h.w. walk proudly near he father . Daniel step up to make a speech . as he gather to get ready , he notice , across the way eli 's arrival with some follower from he church . Daniel speak to the crowd ; daniel it 's such a pleasureable evening to be here and begin this -- one man do not prospect from the ground — it take a community of people . and this be the best way — we stay together , we pray together , we work together and we share in the wealth together . now before we spud in , '' Mary 's well number one , '' name for the lovely Ms. Mary Sunday who be with we today — Mary smile . daniel I would like to say : '' God bless we all . '' eli wait for he signal .. Daniel pass he over and look to hw . daniel go ahead now , son . h.w. move a lever , which give the engine a thump and the chain give a pull and the gear give a rattle and the rotary table start to turn , and down underneath the derrick — come the sound — -- of spudd in . so they have begin . cu . the earth . the drill bit move into it . the noise be very very loud . and it repeat . and repeat . 52 eli lift he head high , ignore that he 's be ignore and start to leave .. men begin to work the derrick . stay and watch this . hold . CUT to : ext . derrick area . sunday farm . dusk . 52 sos + derrick area . sunday farm . dusk . this be later that night . a small celebration and dinner have happen . at a long table , the last of some food . various Little Boston resident . h.w. be run around with Mary . Daniel have maybe have a little too much to drink . Mary come over and Daniel speak to she , right in front of abel : daniel I like you new dress , Mary . mary thank you . daniel you welcome . I know you would like it . be you happy that I come here ? mary yes . daniel daddy do not hit you anymore do he ? do he now ? he better not , right ? I will take care of you . he lean in and hold she shoulder 's kindly ; daniel no more hit , right ? no more hit . now go . go play some more and do not come back ! she run off . hold . Daniel hold a look on abel , who look away . Daniel get up , walk off .. CUT to : 53 47 int . planview cottage — night 53 daniel . he 's asleep , so be hw . a oil worker , BEN blaut knock on the door . no answer . they do not wake up . Ben enter the house . hw hear he , wake ; hw it 's ok son , I be here to talk to you dad . it 's Ben blaut .. BEN try to wake up Daniel . BEN ( to Daniel ) sir. sir. sir. he gently touch he to wake he — nothing . he talk louder . he push he . he really try hard to get he to wake up . his eye open , but he body do not move . BEN a man fall into the well . daniel what man ? BEN Joe gundha . daniel when be it ? BEN just ten minute ago . we be change the bit , and this fellow go down into the cellar for some reason — nobody think about he for a while . he have no business be there . daniel you be sure he go down ? BEN we get a bit of he shirt when we go fishing with the hook . CUT to : 54 55 56 57 the image . 54 show how it happen . watch , in detail as this man joe gundha be work around the hole , under the main stage of the derrick , this be call , '' the cellar '' — he be work around deep , slippery mud and thin sheet of oil ~~ without slip a cover over the hole — the dirt cave in about the edge , so that the top of the hole be a kind of funnel , it 's edge slippery with mud .. Joe gundha take he chance — and slide around , fall on the edge of the pit , straight down , head first . falling , slipping down fifteen feet . this be shown in detail . very graphic . he head land in the mud and begins to drown . the hole be very very thin — but he weight and the slide keep taking he down with one arm extended and one arm pinned to he side . CUT to : int . plainview cottage — contd . 55 daniel can you hear anything ? BEN no . daniel well : he 's drown in the mud . CUT to : int . the well . 56 the image again . camera underneath the mud . watching this man die inside this horrible death . CUT to : int . plainview cottage — contd . 57 Daniel be up and get dress now , hw stay in bed ; daniel goddammit ! goddamnit ! this make I want out of this stupid miserable bussiness . dammit . dammit . dammit . GOD . dammit . how can you help people if they don ’t help themselves , this miserable life of this bussiness . 58 58a 58b 59 49 CUT to : ext . derrick — night . 58 daniel and the worker be work with a three pronged grab . it 's essentially a claw that they be bend to fit down the hole . they get the metal bent and attach it and then start it 's descent down the hole .. they have rip up the floor board on the base of the derrick to make more room --- angle , inside the hole , with the body . looking up . 58a various angle that show the body . and the claw come down towards it — angle , the body . the claw rip into the flesh and tear it up . the body be pulled up and out of the hole , cover in mud and 58b blood . camera notice , on the body , be the cloth pin from eli 's church . daniel ( to the Men ) there be a cover for the hole and if any man goe down into the cellar you slip it into place . that be the way . that be the way we do thing . Daniel walk off . cut to : int . live quarter . morning . 59 daniel and fletcher and murgins be collect the dead joe ghunda 's belonging . there be some book and clothes , but mainly RELIGIOUS item . bible , cross , picture of jesus , mary , etc . daniel pack this thing up and look closely at they , then ; CUT to : 50 60 int . eli' church . day 60 eli be go full throttle : eli sunday ~and from that day to this when a man have be a sinner and have cover himself , it have be by and through faith in the shed blood of Jesus Christ . every Jew cover he sin and receive pardon through the blood of the ram and the dove ! a infidel that I meet in isabella County say to I once , ( mimic voice ) '' but I do not believe in atonement through blood . it do not come up to my idea of what be right . '' I say : '' to hell with you ideas of what be right . do you think GOD be coming down here to consult you with you great intellect and wonderful brain and find out what you think be right before he doe it ? you make I sick ! you think that because you don ’t believe that it isn't true ? fool ! '' angle , moment later . eli be heal a older woman who be handicap and frail . he be casting the evil spirit out and hold she head — push out the spirit , shouting and whisper in unison until she be up and walk and speak in tongue ; eli sunday that be what 's right ! that be what' right you dummy who don ’t believe ! you think GOD be just gonna stand by and listen to you sniveling and crying about what you believe ?! dummy ! angle , in the back of the church . daniel be watch eli 's show .. hold . eli sunday hallelujiah ! it be a MIRACLE , look at her walk ! walk to I ! walk to jesus ! walk ! walk ! CUT to : 61 51 int . church . later . 61 Daniel approach eli at the front of the Church . eli be go over some plan to break the back wall of the church down and add -on.. there be some pre-construction work already .. follower and a few member of daniel 's crew be there .. go about they business as Daniel and eli speak ; daniel hello , eli. eli Daniel . daniel «we have a tragedy at the well last night . eli yes I hear ... eli hold up he hand for silence , and make a silent prayer to himself , then look up : daniel Joe ghunda be a deeply faithful man and I be hope you might speak at he burial . eli '' Daniel : this accident could have be avoid . it 's terrible to think of that drilling well work away up there unbless — daniel yes it could have . this man work in twelve hour shift and they need they rest . if they do not have it they make stupid mistake . eli I have see some of the man drink alcohol — do you think that have something to do with it ? beat . 52 daniel we need this man rest to bring this well in — some of they can not get it if they be come here for you gospel — and then the well can not produce and blow gold all over the place . eli '' I wish I would have more time with Joe ghunda .. more could have be do ... daniel we would be honore to have you speak at he burial tomorrow . we can do it at noon if that 's alright with you ? eli that would be fine . daniel be you plan some renovation ? eli I have a vision from the Holy Spirit that we would be need more room at the Church of the third revelation . he explain to I I be to break down this wall , for he visit would be often — beat . Daniel regards the church ; daniel I must confess that I only know of two revelation .. there 's one in the old testament and one in the new testament ... be that right ? eli that 's right , Daniel . daniel what be the third ? eli I ........ I be the third revelation . CUT to : 62 63 53 ext . derrick floor — that moment — day 62 Daniel and the worker — they feel this and there be instant call to stop and hold the work — BEN blaut hold ! hold ! wait ! feeling the drill , realize something have happen down below . hold for a few moment as this be work with , then : BEN blaut and daniel confer ; BEN blaut we have gotta twist off . daniel how far be we ? BEN blaut 900 ft . he nod as if to say , '' go ahead . '' so begin the process of '' twist off . '' which mean ; the men have to lift every inch of the 900 ft of pipe up and ouT , unscrew it in 15 ft . section , four joint at a time , '' breaking out , '' they call it , until you find out where the '' break '' be . CUT to : ext . derrick — night . 63 it 's night now and many hour later : the broken piece reveal to the man up top , it fall to the floor of the derrick . daniel kick the piece across the floor — and off the derrick — daniel go fish . ccut to : 64 ext . derrick — night . 64 it 's a bit later , and the men be '' fishing '' with a device that 's like a ice man 's tong , attempt to grab hold of the other side of the break piece and pull it back up . '' the night crew come in to replace the day crew . we have 2 — 12 hour shift for this worker . the night foreman be murgins and he speak with daniel and BEN who appraise he of the situation . angle , daniel . he take a break , off to the side .. smoke a cigarette .. abel come over , sit down with he ; abel may I sit down , Daniel ? Daniel do not say anything .. abel sit ... abel how much longer will the man be fishing ? daniel you keep fishing until you find the piece . beat . abel it 's be almost three week .. be that normal ? daniel abel in you Church of the World , do you know the word , '' backslider ? '' daniel abel sometimes I think if you be to be more honest with the Holy Spirit that some of this misfortune might pass . silence . 55 abel many of the new face here have join eli down at the Church of the third revelation — I know you have not have the time — but I know that to lead a full life — you must make the time . I know that if eli be allow to perform a bless on this well that it would bear fruit and you would not have to go fishing .. but you need to not be a backslider , Daniel . you be on a very bad path . daniel be I ? abel you do not like the way I raise my child and guide my family — but one day you will see that my faith be stronger than yours . with that , on the floor of the derrick , rising up and be succesfully fished out , be the broken piece . the crew celebrate , smashes the broken piece on the side of the derrick , swear it up and down.. daniel smile , look ahead and say : daniel I think eli be a lunatic . and I think you be a weak little man . and I be glad to have you land and to make a live off it where you could not . you be lucky the day I show up here , abel . so I want you to stay away from I now . go back down to you house and stay there . you will know when the well come in . CUT to : 65 66 56 ext . sunday drilling area . day . 65 camera move / walk with daniel around the derrick and the worker and all of it ... ~mary and hw be nearby , play with each other , they run past Daniel , who smile to they and say ; daniel how be my kid ? how 's my family ? CUT to : ext . sunday drilling area . at the derrick . day . 66 sot shes drilling area . at the derrick . day . daniel be talk with fletcher.. and work with he men . the men be work with '' a jar , '' which be a tool that strike heavy blows and get the casing loose , which be stuck down below . they be use it to shake the case loose .. angle , hw , on the derrick . sitting with he leg strapped over the side of the derrick , near the hole -- hw listen to this blow , far down in the earth .. watch it very , very carefully ... suddenly and without warning ; out of the earth , like a rocket shoot -- gas — with a high squeel and force , it be this high SOUND and invisible force that smashes hw 's ear drum and blows he off the side of the — _ — — — — — — — and blows he off the side of the derrick -- he little body rise in the AIR like a rag doll and he can do nothing but fall straight back down to the ground — SOUND drop out of the entire soundtrack . and we watch he iand , lift he head and look ; stray tool piece and wood shard from the Derrick that have be rocketed in the air come slamming into the ground all around he , lodging deep into the surface . the derrick . it blow water for a quick blast , then , oil . it be suddenly black everywhere . 67 57 angle , daniel . SOUND come back when we be with he . he have not see what have happen to hw . he be busy try to deal with the gusher . he run up to the derrick floor — which be now cover in oil — then : daniel light out ! light out ! everyone light out . but it 's too late — something SPARKS the derrick . in one , two , three : the derrick catch to FIRE and all the oil become a flame . it 's as if a flame thrower be come up from under ground . this catch to the oil that 's spill all around . black smoke fill the AIR . angle , hw . SOUND drop out again . silent with he . he watch the FIRE come straight towards he . he be unable to move . in shock . it come straight at he -- at that moment , he be scooped up by a worker . camera follows daniel over and he grab h.w. from the worker -- daniel you alright ? you alright ? goddamit talk to I . what 's wrong ? what happened ? speak . tell I . they boy be cry now and can not seem to make a SOUND . he look at daniel , and we hear nothing . daniel carry he down to safety at the mess hall / base camp.. men scramble to prepare the battle with the gusher . cur to : int . mess hall . that moment 67 daniel bring he in , set he down , look over he body to see it 's all put together , hw be start to loose it and go crazy ; hw I can't hear my voice . I can ’t hear my voice . daddy , I don ’t wanna , I can't hear my voice . 67a 68 68a 69 58 daniel you be alright . you be alright . just calm down . hw ahhhhhhhhh . I can ’t hear , please . please . please . daniel can not calm he down .. he try to settle he . daniel stay here . you stay here . wait for I here . base camp family be come in here for safety . daniel 67a instruct they to watch after h.w. and keep he . angle , from hw 's point of view . we hear absolutely nothing .. daniel leave , hw follow , cling , scream .. daniel push he down and go back outside -- CUT to : ext . basecamp — that moment 68 daniel exit , camera stay with he — the oil be on FIRE and flow and spews in the AIR . bit fall all around daniel .. who start to glow with excitement — angle , hw . in the basecamp . SOUND be still out . 68a he be speechless and stunne and in shock .. family gather around hold he , etc . CUT to : ext . gusher , that moment . 69 men be rush around to battle the blaze .. daniel bark direction towards tame the FIRE ... angle , guide wire . two of the four guide wire for the derrick be snapped by some men ... the derrick burn very quickly and this will help topple in the direction down wind — day turn to night and black smoke fill the air .. 69 a 70 59 daniel and the men wait for it to burn and fall — once it do , men will approach the base of the derrick and the cellar wall which be built into the side of the hill . they have metal sheet over the head , get close and bang into the cellar door . at the same time , daniel prepare dynamite to place in a BOX at the end of a thirty foot metal pole ... the cellar door be smashed OPEN . 69 a the men and daniel get the dynamite at the end of the pole positioned up the hill and start to push it toward the cellar open — it get closer and closer — once the dynamtie arrive into the cellar — it blows — snuffing out the derrick in a instant . the ground around the derrick rise , then cave in . some FIRE still burn ... «al rose come over to daniel , who be all smile , he be a man go crazy in happiness . daniel why do you look so GREEN , al ? al rose the well be ruined . daniel al : we've got a ocean of oil underneath you feet and not a soul can go near it but I . light a cigar on that FIRE . it all burn itself out . hold on daniel . the FIRE blaze . hold image , then : CUT to : int . mess hall . later . 70 daniel come back in , cover in oil and mud and ash ..he go to hw , who be be tend by the sunday 's . he lean down to he , look at he . CUT to : 71 72 int . plainview cottage . night , later . 71 Daniel rock hw in he arm , back and forth . the boy be cry and cry , hysterical . fletcher be sit nearby , watch this mess ... hw I can not hear my voice . I can not hear my voice , daddy . daddy , please make I hear my voice . I do not want this . I do not wanna . Daniel whisper in he ear , over and over . hold . daniel I love you , I love you my boy . it 's alright . listen to I if you can : you will be fine . a-b-c-d-e-f-g-h-i-j-k- I love you I love you . 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10-11-12-13-14 ......... fade out as he continue . hold in black , then : CUT to : int . plainview cottage . morning . 72 a local doctor bring in by Daniel , attempt to look hw over . hw be very angry , kick and scream and punch the Doctor away . Daniel try to hold he down and calm he . the Doctor be kick by hw again and again . fletcher nearby . this be a real mess . fade out , hold in black , fade in : 73 61 int . plainview cottage . later / morning . 73 hw be asleep inside the house . fletcher and daniel sit together here go over some plan , sketches about building a reservoir . al rose be here . they finish up some more plan for drilling to occur up the hill . this be all agree upon , then : daniel who do we know in San Francisco or in Los Angeles that would work with — we can — someone - a teacher ? for h.w. how can you figure out that — call — what 's he name ? fletcher Bob brodie in San Francisco . daniel call Bob brodie and get someone down here . fletcher leave . Daniel sit alone a moment , then go into the house — inside , that moment . Daniel go into the bedroom , where hw be lie awake in bed .. daniel kneel down in front of he . daniel can you hear I ? can you hear I ? he point to he mouth , hw just stare ... 74 62 daniel I be go .. I have to go and see about the rig ... do you understand ? I can not stay here with you all day , I have to take care of we business . we work . the well . I can not do this all day . no.2 have it 's cement down and I have to see to it .. Daniel be frustrated .. he get himself a change of clothes , clean up and leave . CUT to : int . daniel 's office / basecamp . day later . 74 Daniel be sit with a woman , a teacher / superintendant name fannie clark ( 30 ) who have be bring down to speak with Daniel and help with hw . through the scene we hear all the noise from outside , drilling , men , etc . teacher can he read ? daniel no ... teacher do he know a few word ? to read — be they word that he can recognize ? daniel I do not know . teacher do he go to school ? daniel he 's smarter than any child you have ever meet . 63 teacher we facility — daniel I do not want he to go anywhere , I want you to come here . teacher the school that we have in San Francisco have other child and that would be a very good place for he . he can be with other child and we have six other teacher . daniel I will build you a school here and you can bring all the child down . I be offer to build you a school that 's anything you want it to be . teacher yes , but , this child have family in San Francisco . daniel we will bring they family . we can build a school that be the best in this State . in this country . you be the best teacher they say , so why do not you have you own school ? teacher I live in San Francisco . daniel not anymore . I will have a temporary school build in one month and once you be here we can make plan for a larger place to be build within a year . i’1l pay you two thousand dollar in salary and build you a home as well . do this sound fine to you ? teacher no . it do not . you need to send you son to San Francisco if you want he to learn how to deal with what 's happen . he need to go to school . 75 daniel yes or no ? teacher no , sir . daniel I be only go to ask you once . teacher you already have . Building a school here may be better for you but it 's not better for you boy . daniel well then get out of here . get out . i’1l have someone get you back to San Francisco . teacher you do not want I to see he ? daniel no . teacher I have come a long way because you ask for I personally and Mr. brodie suggest — daniel that 's all over . someone will get you back to San Francisco , I be waste my time with you right now if you do not take my offer — I have work . I have important work . CUT to : int . a giant reservoir under construction — day . 75 Daniel , fletcher , et al , stand in the middle of a giant reservoir that 's essentially a large dug hole in the ground . team of horse pull plows to grade it flat .. they have tear into the land as a place to dump the oil . across the way , into the dirt reservoir , come eli sunday . he walk up to Daniel : 65 eli when do we get we money , Daniel ? Daniel walk up to he and slap eli straight across the face . eli be stunne . he slap he again , with OPEN hand , straight across he face . eli start to well with tear from the force of this brutal slap . hold . everything be still for a moment . he slap he again . eli move back , go down to he knee . daniel be not you a healer and a vessel for the holy spirit ? when be you come over and make my son hear again ? can't you do that ? eli you should have let I bless the well , this would not have happen to he — he slap eli again , straight across the face . eli you should not have do that -- he slap he again . everyone be stand around . silenced . eli you owe the Church of the third revelation five thousand dollar as part of the arrangement that we make . daniel I be gonna make you leave here and bury you under ground , eli. get away from I . eli you will learn soon enough — he slap he again . hold . eli you have get something else come to you . CUT to : 76 int . sunday ranch . night . 76 camera hold a medium cu. on eli . he face be red and bruise from the beat he take from Daniel . oc we hear the sound of the family eat , small talk .. camera sit with eli and watch he face start to turn and scowl towards abel . finally : eli you be such a stupid man , abel . reverse , that moment , abel . he look across the table at he son . eli you have let someone come in here and walk all over we . you have let he in and do he work here and you be a stupid man for what we could have have . nothing but goat and rock and all the time we be rich . abel I follow his word , eli.. I have try — eli you do not do anything but sit down . you be lazy and you be stupid . ( beat ) do you think God be go to come down here and save you for be stupid ? he do not save stupid people , abel . eli push the table in front of he and slam it toward abel , pushing it back and pinning he against the wall . eli jump up , move toward he , abel be terrifyed . eli I will tear you apart for what you've do . you stupid man . you stupid , SMALL man . abel Son , stop this please . please . 77 78 67 eli how do he come here ? do you want to know ? I know . I have see this in a vision . it be you stupid son . it be Paul who tell he to come here . I know it . he tell he to come here and he tell he what he could take you for . he go to he and he say , '' my stupid , weak father will give away he lot — go and take he — '' and you let it happen -- from a stupid father to a stupid son . CuT to : ext . train depot / near little boston . another day . 77 a train have just arrive some new people / new atmosphere around .. camera stay behind a figure , in shilouette as it step off the train ... camera follow behind this young male stranger ( 30 ) as he make he way through the platform — the male stranger walk , look , then head away from the depot , towards Little Boston — we see new derrick erected on the hill surrounding the town . CUT to : ext . plainview cottage . evening . 78 camera be behind Daniel as he walk towards he cottage .. he get closer .. sit out front of the house , wait ... the stranger . he hold some camp equipment , life in a bag .. he stand up as Daniel approach ... daniel can I help you ? stranger Daniel ? daniel who 's that ? stranger my name be Henry . daniel yeah ? henry I be Henry . Daniel arrive and they stand with each other . daniel what can I do for you ? henry I be Henry plainview .. I be from fond du lac . Daniel be quiet . henry I be you brother from another mother . beat . henry Ernest be my father . daniel who be you ? henry Henry . beat . daniel marion brand ..? be that you mother ? henry yes , that 's right . daniel henry I read about you gusher in the paper . about you success . beat . Long time , Daniel just look at he . daniel you hear about my strike and you just show up ? henry we father 's dead . Ernest die . I have hear and I want to find you . '' do you know this ? daniel when ? henry «three month ago . I get a letter from anabelle — daniel my sister anabelle ? Henry nod , '' yes . '' daniel where be she ? henry still at home . fond du lac. daniel you come all the way from wisconson -- henry I be come from New Mexico . I have be there . I come to find you .. do you know about I ? daniel you have identification ? do you have this letter ? he hand over some identification paper / letter . Daniel regards they . beat . Daniel be stunne and move . daniel come inside . he reach for Henry 's hand and shake it .. then give way to hugging he . he hold he head and look at he face and he eye and see something .. Henry speak ; henry Daniel : I be starve . CUT to : 79 70 int . plainview cottage . day . later . 79 Henry be eat ferociously from a meal set out in front of he at the breakfast table . Daniel sit with hw on he lap . we watch henry speak and eat in silence from hw 's Pov . cu . hw. watch he . bring SOUND back to hear : daniel where be you come from ? henry from New Mexico . daniel yes , I know , but from where ? henry Silver City . I have be there for two year . CUT back to hw . and the SOUND drop out . we watch he watch henry eat and talk eat and talk . hold , then back to conversation with SOUND : henry I be try drilling of my own for year , get lease in texas and louisiana . daniel anything that produce ? henry no. not like you . not like you success . daniel be you marry ? henry no . I spend time in jail . I hada stretch of very bad time . have nothing and be pick up in louisiana . I work on a chain gang for six month . building road . that be a very hard time . be you marry ? 71 daniel what be you in jail for ? henry believe it or not , for all the terrible thing that I have get myself into , when they pick I up I have not do anything . but I have do my share of thing that should not be talk about . daniel have you ever think about go back home ? henry yes. have you ? daniel no . back to hw watch with no sound as daniel talk .. he look hard at henry . hold . back to daniel with hw on he lap . SOUND back ; daniel I have my own family now . and my own concern . same , later . daniel pour some whiskey in a glass of milk ..he do this out of sight from hw .. he take the milk and set it in front of hw .. who look up at Daniel , who say : daniel drink . drink it . he motion for he to take the drink . hw drink the milk . CUT to : 80 81 plainview cottage — later - night . 80 int . daniel carry h.w. , pass out , and place he in the bed .. daniel come back out .. henry be here .. daniel sit with he . beat . daniel so what do you want , Henry ? henry nothing .. if you can spare something , I can work for you in any way — I know I will keep move before long to get back to fond du lac . daniel do you have any money ? henry some . not much . daniel just answer I directly . you say , '' nothing , '' and then you say you want to stay and work . it 's better I have just like to hear you say you would like to be here . henry I would like to be here . I be a good worker , I have work cable - tool rig and build railroad , I will not need any favor ... CUT to : field — night — later . 81 ext . it 's later . Daniel and Henry be away from it all , sip from a flask , hand back and forth ; daniel what do my mother know ..? henry I do not know . I do not know if she know and look the other way .. if she never know . daniel how do you know ? 73 henry I work for winchell hedrick , do you remember ? daniel yes . henry he tell I . why do you leave ? I know you do not get on with we Father -- daniel I work for geological Survey and go to Kansas .. I could not stay there . I just could not .. I do not like to explain myself . hold on daniel . beat . daniel be you a angry man , Henry ? henry about what ? daniel be you envious ? do you get envious ? henry I do not think so . daniel I have a competition in I . I want no one else to succeed . I hate most people . henry that part of I be go .. work and not succeed — all my failure have leave I — I do not care as much — beat . hold , beat . 74 daniel wif it 's in I , it 's in you ... ( beat ) there be time when I look at people and I see nothing worth like . then : daniel do not you want to succeed ? henry I use to dream and go after a success like yours .. now I just want to survive . I do not have the dedication to thing that I once have . ( beat ) '' I just do not feel that way .. daniel you be be lazy . that 's what it be . and you do not have to be . I have work people over and get what I want from they and it make I sick ; because I see that all people be lazy . they be easy to take ... I want to make enough money that I can move far away from everyone . henry what will you do about you boy ? daniel I do not know . maybe it will change . do you sound come back to you ? I do not know . maybe no one know that . a doctor might not know that . henry where be he mother ? daniel I do not want to talk about that thing ... 82 83 84 75 daniel I see the worst in people . I do not need to look past see they to get all I need . I want to rule and never , ever explain myself . I have build my hatred up over the year , little by little , Henry ... to have you here give I a second breath .. I could not keep do this on my own with this people ... CUT to : int . plainview cottage . morning . 82 hw get out of bed , look around the empty house . he go into henry 's bag and begin to look through the item . he pick up a SMALL leather journal . he look it over ... whe have it upside down , try to make sense of it ..he look at more item . hold . CuT to : ext . burned drilling area . day . 83 hw walk around the burned out remains of the derrick . CuT to : int . eli 's church . day . 84 hw be in the church , which be empty except for mary sunday . she try to talk with he . hold the two of they . she try to entertain he . hold . curt to : 85 int . bar . little boston . night . 76 85 a crowded scene in the local bar . people drunk , loud , etc . daniel be off to the side a bit , enjoy thing from a slight distance with henry ... the other oil man from the area : blaize and whrightsman be here . drunk . tell joke / storey . etc . fletcher watch from across the room as Daniel and Henry talk and drink . hold . CUT to : int . sunday ranch house . night . h.w. be be care for by mother sunday and mary and RUTH . mother sunday pour a bit of whisky again into a small cup of goat 's milk .. she then take this and set it in front of hw to drink . eli come in .. and look at h.w.. ; eli hello , young boy ... CUT to : int . bar — continued . there be a local vixen woman who walk over to Daniel and take a seat near he . hold . CUT to : int . sunday house . that moment . «h.w. look up at eli stand over he . eli sit down , cross h.w. and give he a bless ; eli there be only one Father . and there be only one son . mary he can not hear you — 89 eli - yes he can . mary eli..he can not hear you — he do not — eli quiet . eli come in real close and jostle h.w. to pay attention , speak right in he face : eli you listen to this boy , because I know you can hear I : you Father have provoke I .. and he have provoke God . you should save yourself before it 's too late . cut to : ext . alley way / outside bar . night 89 daniel be in a safe , dark , quiet place with the vix . he be on he knee and have he head bury inside she leg , lean she up against a wall . hold . he finish and give she some money . he fix he hair , wipe sweat from he face with a rag from he pocket and leave . CUT to : 90 78 int . plainview cottage . night — later . 90 it 's dark and quiet . daniel be pass out in bed .. henry be in another room sleep . h.w. enter into Henry 's room ........ and take out a sample bottle of crude oil . he pour this thick black oil around Henry 's bed ...... he make a long trail back out into the main part of the house .. pour the oil in a line .. angle , h.w. he sit down in the kitchen and take out a box of match .. and strike the oil instantly on FIRE . it take off like a rocket , shocking / terrifying h.w. and in a flash henry's room be on FIRE . black smoke fill the AIR . h.w. see the FIRE start to catch the curtain and the furniture in the MAIN room ... ~-henry .. wake up .. see black smoke filling he room and flame around the bed and dart out of bed — he sees h.w. on the floor , FIRE around he — henry move , smack the match from hw 's hand — throws he under he arm like a doll and move to daniel 's room — h.w. be kicking and scream . henry call out ; henry daniel . daniel . get up . get up . Daniel wake , see this . henry come , come , wake up and leave right now . daniel smashes a bedroom window and get himself out — henry and h.w. bang through the front door -- CUT to : 91 92 93 79 ext . plainview cottage . night . that moment . 91 they be outside as the cottage rip up in flame , daniel hold h.w. by he arm and shout in he face ; daniel what be you do ? what be you do to US ? OPEN you mouth . the plainview cottage burn . CUT to : ext . train depot . little boston . day . 92 Daniel and h.w. be walk together . both dress for a trip . they board the train . CUT to : int . train . moment later . 93 Daniel and h.w. sit on the train .. wait for it to leave . Daniel be clearly hide something and fight back emotion . he hug h.w. very tight . kiss he head over and over and over again . hold . hw look up at he . Daniel say and try to communicate ; daniel I ' 1l be right back . I be go to go to talk to the conductor . I will be right back . you stay here . you stay here ? hw nod some sort of approval . Daniel leave . hold with hw . for a very long cu . we hold on hw 's face as he sit . SOUND drop out slowly ... «the train start to move a little . hw get up and look out the window ... he pov. Daniel be walk away from the train depot . angle , daniel . 94 95 camera lead he as he walk away . angle , hw . start to go crazy and scream for he Father and move to run off the train — but be grabbed by fletcher , who be there to take hold of he and calm he down ... the train start forward . hw no . no . no . no . no . no . fletcher hold he as tight as he can as he kick and scream . cu. daniel . 94 as the train leave in the b.g. he keep walk . hold this very long walk away , as the train leave ... CUT to ; int . mess hall . night . 95 Daniel and Henry together , drunk . sitting and talk . Daniel be nodd off . so drunk he can not keep he eye open . daniel he 's not my son . he 's not even my son . henry what do you mean ? daniel he 's not my son ... he begin to break down , hold he crotch , look down ; daniel «my cock do not even work how be I gonna make a kid ? do yours work Henry ? we Father 's work well , look at you . hold . daniel I ask you a question ... 96 97 81 henry «when I be lucky . Daniel wobble up and stand and walk off ... hold on henry look at Daniel . CUT to : int , train — moving — later . 96 camera hold on fletcher and hw . fletcher be hold hw and calming he down , petting he head , speak softly to he . CUT to : int , little boston train depot . day 97 it 's day later . daniel and henry enter , dress and clean and meet with two men ( 40s ) wait for they : h.m. tilford and j.j. carter from standard oil company . they all shake hand , reserve , polite . Daniel intro 's Henry as he brother from fond du lac , Wisconsin . they all sit down , then : tilford how 's you boy ? daniel thank you for ask . tilford be there anything we can do ? daniel thanks for ask be enough . tilford so : what be you plan ? daniel be this about buy up my tract here ? tilford yes . daniel the cable say it be about my coyote Hills lease . beat . beat . beat . 82 tilford we would like that too . daniel what 's you offer for coyote Hills ? tilford we will offer 150,000 for full title . daniel that 's a deal . daniel what ? what 's next ? tilford you have 11000 acre in Little Boston . you have one prove well that be damage -- daniel I have three well prove , you have not be pay attention . it 's three prove well . tilford we will make you a millionaire from one minute to the next while you be sit here . daniel what else would I do with myself ? tilford be you ask I ? daniel what else would I do with myself ? tilford take care of you son . daniel beat . there 83 tilford I do not know what you would do . daniel if you be I and Standard offer to buy what you have for a million dollar ---- why ? so why ? tilford you know why . daniel «you guy should scratch around and find it like the rest of we instead of buy up someone else 's hard work -- tilford what do you want ? daniel be you gonna change you shipping cost ? tilford we do not dictate shipping cost . that 's railroad business -- daniel you do not control the railroad ? of course you do . of course you do . tilford how you gonna get this stuff out of here ? build a pipeline , make a deal with Union oil , be my guest , but if you do not pull that off = you have get a ocean of oil under you foot with nowhere to go ..... why do not you let we take it from here and make you rich .. spend time with you boy . it 's a great discovery .. now let we help you . be silence for a very long time ..... very long time . daniel do you just tell I how to run my family ? tilford it might be more important for you now that you have prove the field and we be offer to buy you out . beat ensccccorecsrssssnnsenen ~ daniel one night .... I be gonna come inside you house , wherever you be sleep .. and I be gonna cut you throat . tilford what ? what be you talk about Daniel , have you go crazy ? -- daniel -- do you hear what I say ? tilford -- yes , I do , why be you say it ? daniel you do not tell I about my son. tilford -- why be act insane and say you be gonna cut my throat ? carter Daniel , what be this ? get ahold of yourself . tilford we be not tell you anything . I be sorry if you be offended . I want you to be reasonable . Daniel stand up . Henry do the same . daniel you will see what I can do . Daniel and Henry exit . cuT to : 98 85 int . daniel 's tent . night — day later 98 Daniel be speak as he pack a bag , in a bit of a trance , sotto scene ; fletcher be back from he trip with h.w. they commiserate ; fletcher how much do they offer ? beat . no answer . daniel it 's the irony of fate that they have to come knock be not it ? try to buy up what we have do — we will do it this way and we will not have to grovel . beat . silence . then : daniel that stupid woman should have let we build a hospital here ... how big be he room ? fletcher he share a room with another boy . daniel who ? fletcher a older boy about twelve , he 's be there for a year , name ballard . daniel how big be the room ? fletcher small .... it 's bigger than this tent .. daniel that woman should have listen to I . we could have build they something better ... beat . 86 fletcher Daniel : how much do you know about Henry ? daniel uh-huh . Daniel 's face change a bit . beat . fletcher let I have someone look around fond du lac to see you family and ask — daniel do you really think I would not know my own brother ..? that I would be take like that ? ( beat ) be you envious ? fletcher yes . daniel we have work together for a long time , fletcher . but you be not my brother . and that might make you envious . fletcher this be my business as well and it 's only that .. what 's best for the work .. for the safety of all we work , there 's no harm in contact fond du lac and you family -- daniel do not talk anymore about it or do that , to talk to they . he 's my brother . that 's it . fletcher what to do about eli ? daniel nothing . eli 's a child . fletcher no he 's not . I think we should pay he something . 99 100 101 87 daniel that woman should have take we offer to build a hospital . stupid . Daniel have he thing gather , as he 's leave ; daniel the pipeline solve all we trouble . he 's go . CUT to : ext . basecamp . dawn . ( start music / building ) 99 three horse be be saddle and outfited with camping supplies , gear and hunting weapon ... angle , cu . crude oil sample . be load into jar that be wrap for safety and load into pouch on the horse . daniel and henry get themselves up on the horse and they head off for the hill ... cut to : ext . bandy 's land . morning . 100 daniel and henry ride up through a dry canyon — drive wood stake with red marker into the ground as they go signaling a route for the pipeline . they come out of a clear — and come upon the bandy house . this be the place with the pig and sulphur that we come to earlier ... angle , at the bandy house . 101 Daniel and Henry ride up , outside be a young boy : william ( 17 year old , bandy 's grandson ) daniel be you father bandy ? william grandfather . daniel where be he ? 88 william not here . daniel where be he ? william he 's out . what do you want ? daniel I be Daniel plainview .. I want to talk to he about he property ... william about what ? daniel it 's something I will talk with he about . william be you the oil man ? daniel that 's right . william he 's not interested in drilling . daniel I be not either .... when will he be back ? william few day . daniel you tell he I would like to speak with he . not for drilling .. i’11 be back in a week . they ride on.. hold , then ... henry drive a stake into the ground with a red ribbon , signaling the route for the pipeline , straight into bandy 's lot .. CUT to : 102 103 104 105 106 89 ext . large flat field . day . 102 daniel and henry drive another wood stake with red flag into the ground . CUT to : ext . mountain . day . 103 daniel and henry ride through thick forrest .. move through a new landscape .. they plant a wood stake ... CUT to : ext . fertile farm land . day . 104 daniel and henry through some fertile grove . they plant another wood stake ... CUT to : ext . ridge — day later . 105 daniel and henry ride over a ridge , camera rise and reveal : the pacific ocean .. they ride down towards it .. henry plant another stake into the ground ... CUT to : int . union oil refinery . day . 106 daniel and henry walk through this refinery . machine grind away . the head of union oil , old friend of Daniel 's : l.p. '' PRESS '' ST . clair ( 5as ) come up to greet they : l.p. Daniel . you be a sight for sore eye . daniel Press ... l.p. congratulation . daniel -- this be my brother Henry brand from Wisconsin . Press St. Clair . l.p. good to meet you , come in , you get clean up , get you a drink . come over here — congratulation , Daniel . you hit quite a strike . daniel thank you . l.p. how 's you boy ? daniel he 's fine . they talk and walk .. and enter a office and close the door . 107 CUT to : int . union oil meeting hall / near the ocean — day . 107 daniel and henry be here with six men from union oil , lead by '' PRESS '' St. clair . they discuss pipeline , oil , etc . Maps and drawing and crude sample in front of they ; come to the scene for celebratory feel , a joke after business have finish : l.p . what 's the relationship between you wife , Standard oil and a free whore ? group what be it ? l.p . you can always beat you wife , you can occasionally beat Standard oil , but you can never beat a free whore . everyone laugh . CUT to : 108 91 int . pacific ocean . dusk . 108 splash . camera be in the water with daniel and henry . they jump in and float around out at sea , looking back at the shore line ; they be happy and celebratory ; beat . daniel there be that house in fond du lac that maurice laconte build — do you remember ? henry daniel I think , when I be a boy , that be the most beautiful house I have ever see and I want it . I want to live in it and eat in it and clean it and even as a boy , I want to have child .. to run around it . henry you can have anything you like now Daniel . and you should . where be you gonna build it ? daniel here. maybe. near the ocean . up the coast away from this smell -- henry would you make it look like that house ? daniel which house ? henry the house in fond du lac . daniel no . I be sure if I see that house now it would make I sick . I need something better . henry we can eat and get some woman . daniel «.take they to the peachtree dance . beat . henry on ? daniel get liquore up and go to the peachtree dance ? henry yes , yes . hold . cu . daniel he look at Henry from the corner of he eye . something have trigger in Daniel ..” the peachtree '' reference have get past Henry .. Henry dunk he head under water , dissapear for a moment .. Daniel wait and watch for he .he finally resurface ... wide shot . they float around in the ocean . hold . daniel you ready ? henry yeah . they start to swim back . camera be with daniel in cu . as they swim back ~— as he breath for air , he open he eye , watch henry swim alongside he . tthen it go black as he turn he head to the water .. then back up for air , turn he head to keep a eye on Henry .. who swim back alongside he . SOUND drop in / out /in / out / breathing / water / breathing /gasping..look at Henry .. the paranoia have start in Daniel . this sets in motion the following protracted sequence covering daniel 's suspicion of henry ... sequence : CUT to : 109 110 111 93 ext . sea shore . dusk . 109 camera with daniel and henry , from behind , as they finish swim and arrive at the shore line .. they rise up , naked , out of the water and move to they clothes and they horse . hold this moment . CUT to : int . bar . night . later . 110 cu . daniel as he watch henry . slow zoom in . daniel 's Pov , across the bar . henry be drunk and loud and talk with a whore . daniel just watch . CUT to : ext . hill — dawn . 111 henry and daniel head out on they horse away from the ocean .. Henry be clearly hung over . they be re-trace they trail along the wood stake in the ground with the red flag . daniel how be that woman ? henry good . daniel you get that from we Father . stick it in whatever you see . henry not yosnn daniel you sure you do not have any child anywhere ? henry I have two .... last time I see they I be in Louisiana . daniel with the same woman ? henry yes . pink revise 7/25/06 112 ext . forrest — dusk . henry and daniel . dusk. campfire . horse off to the side . they sit , then : henry what do you do next with you company , Daniel ? daniel ..what ...? henry what 's next ? daniel what be you ask ? henry can you sell stock in you company ? daniel something like that . henry if you would like my help . I can help with that . as thing grow more successful .. I be a good salesman and broker for stock and what you might want ... daniel good ... hold . ccut to : 113 omitted . 113 94 112 pink revise 7/25/06 95 114 same — night . 114 * henry be asleep . daniel be sit over he , with a * revolver out by he side , henry feel he near and wake up : * daniel I want to know something , Henry ... henry what ? daniel what be the name of the farm next to the Hill house ? beat . daniel what be the name of the farm next to the Hill house ? beat . henry I do not remember , Daniel . beat . henry I remember the Hills . I remember they daughter Jenny . I remember Hill and he wife ... daniel what be she name ? henry who ? daniel his wife ... * henry I can not remember right now .. pink revise 7/25/06 daniel who be you ? henry i’1l leave , Daniel .. just let I get up and go ... beat . daniel do I have a brother ? henry I meet a man in King City who say he be you brother , we be friend for month , work in King City and he want to make he way to you Daniel , we do not have any money . he die of tuberculosis . he be not harme , he be not kill , nothing bad but he tell I about you and I just take he story — and use he diary — Daniel , I be you friend .. I be not try to hurt you , just survive — daniel put the gun to henry 's head and fire . henry slump over . hold on daniel . wide shot . stay with this scene and watch as daniel dig a shallow grave . over time . dawn come . he put the body in the grave , he get rid of henry 's horse . he begins to drinnk during this process . he open up the journal of henry 's and scan , read — he drink booze the entire time . cu . identification . he study it . the name of Henry plainview , etc . height , Weight , etc . there be a SMALL notebook . daniel open it , look inside , see key word ; '' fond du lac ... '' '' .. Henry plainview ... '' '' ..my brother Daniel ... '' 96 ee ee HH oe pink revise 7/25/06 97-103 this be a journal by the real henry plainview . daniel keep * drinking . and drinking and drinking . * he pass out . * CUT to : 115 omitted * 116 omitted * 117 omitted * 118 omitted * 119 omitted * 120 omitted * pink revise 7/25/06 120a int . same . dawn . 120a daniel come to .. camera dolly back a bit to reveal : a figure sit over he ; daniel look . we see this figure , a older man ... bandy I be bandy . you feel alright ? daniel I would like to lease you land . I try to lease you land before but you would not .. I be Daniel plainview and I ’ma prospector . I have like to lease you land . bandy I would ask you to come and talk to I when you be lease land ... daniel my boy 's be sick ... bandy this be before you boy get sick . beat . bandy I know that you have like to build a pipeline through my property . be this right ? what I have hear ? daniel it 's only eight inch pipe , it can be bury — without disruption -- bandy God have tell I what you must do ... daniel what be it ? 103a 4 + * oof % ot beat . beat . pink revise 7/25/06 bandy you should be wash in the blood of Jesus Christ . daniel but I be . I have be . daniel I have be . bandy you should be wash in the blood of Jesus Christ . it 's you only way to salvation and you only way for what you want . you can take it at the Church of the third revelation . daniel I 'il pay you three thousand dollar . what 's eli pay you ? i’1ll pay you five thousand dollar . there can be way around this -- bandy I have follow eli since he be a boy . he come and preach by my side when my wife and daughter be burn in bakersfield . daniel what be it that I do ? 103b * a ee ee ok * pink revise 7/25/06 bandy I want you to be part of we Church . daniel but what do you want I to do ? bandy listen to eli 's word and be baptise . be forgiven for this sin that you have do . daniel my sin of .. what ? drilling ? bandy speak to god. you can speak to God . bandy 's grandson have be linger in the background ... bandy hand daniel 's weapon 's over to he . bandy may I help you back ? we will ride back with you .. poss shot of they all riding . tracking ? poss shot of they passing bandy ranch ? CUT to : 103c + ee of * * 121 122 104 int . church of the third revelation . day later . 121 daniel enter , clean up , day later .. eli have get a desk now and a few Church supporter be here with he . he notice Daniel and stand , a little flinchy and nervous ; they stare at each other ... eli do not you dare hit I . daniel I be look for a fresh start , eli . '' I need you bless ... CUT to : int . church of the third revelation . day . 122 camera start on daniel . the church be now packed with worker , sunday family , follower , farmer , etc . bandy sit next to Daniel ... the back wall of the church have be break through and give way to a large canvas tent with dirt and floor board as the expansion that eli have do . eli go full steam ; eli I truly wish that everyone could be save - but it 's just not the case . the doctrine of universal salvation be a lie . I wish everyone would be save , but they will not ! no they wo not ! you will never be save if what -- ? church if you reject the blood ! eli now be there a sinner here looking for salvation ? a new member ? I will ask it again : be there a sinner look for God ? Daniel stand up ..he approach eli on the stage .. eli thank you for come , brother Daniel . 105 daniel thank you , eli. eli we have a sinner with US here who wishes for salvation . daniel . be you a sinner ? daniel yes . eli the lord can't hear you , say it to he , louder , go ahead and speak to he , it 's alright .. daniel yes . eli down on you knee and up to he . daniel get down on he knee ... eli look up to the sky .. and say it .. daniel I do not know what to say ... eli Daniel : you have come here and you have bring good and wealth but you have also bring you bad habit as a backslider .. you have lusted after woman and you have abandon you child . you child that you raise , you have abandon all because he be sick and you have sin — so say it now , '' I ama sinner . '' say it , say , '' I am a sinner . '' cu . daniel . the crowd grow restless and begin to encourage Daniel to say this .. Daniel be steaming ... eli say it : I am a sinner . daniel I be a sinner . eli I am sorry lord . daniel I be sorry Lord . eli I want the blood . daniel I want the blood . eli I have abandoned my child . daniel I have abandon my child . eli I will never backslide . daniel I will never backslide . eli I be lost but now I ’m found . daniel I be lose but now I be find . eli I abandoned my child . daniel look hard at eli.. hold . Daniel be somewhere between fake it / take it / and explode up at eli ... eli speak to he and say it sinner . daniel I abandoned my child . eli speak to he , say it louder . 107 daniel I abandoned my child . I abandoned my child . I abandoned my boy . eli beg for the blood . daniel give I the blood eli , let I get away from this . just give I the blood lord and let I get away . eli play up the crowd . Daniel on he knee . eli do you accept jesus christ as you lord and savior ? daniel yes . eli get out of here devil . eli slap daniel across the face ... eli out devil ! out sin ! eli slap he again hard . eli do you accept the church of the third revelation as you spiritual guide ? daniel yes . eli slap daniel across the face again ... eli get outta of here ghost ! get outta of here and go back where you belong ! 123 108 eli slap daniel again , then push he palm smack into daniel 's forhead , pushing he back -~ eli do you accept jesus christ as you savior ? daniel yes I do . ..€ follower bring a BOWL of holy water and hand it to eli , who take daniel by the hair and pull he head back , he lets the water pour over he ... Daniel stand up .. hold . he take he seat .. people welcome he , hold he , touch he , congratulate he , etc . bandy come over and touch Daniel 's shoulder .. young child come over and touch he hand .. women comfort he and welcome he . there be warmth from everyone here ... that Daniel begin to feel ... they touch the back of he head and he shoulder and give he love . eli notice this ... eli «that 's enough now .. that 's enough ..he must take the Holy Spirit in on he own now .. hold on all this , then : cut to : ext . reservoir full of oil — dawn . 123 image . there 's a boy in a row boat on the lake of oil that fill the reservoir . SUN rise . everything be calm and quiet , distant noise of the derrick . CUT to : 108a Blue revise 5/18/06 123a int . school for the deaf in s.f , — day 123a * eat SOL for the deaf in s.f. — day hw be sit , wait in the foyer of this school . * fletcher be here , and he be off to the side a bit , speak with a young man GEORGE reynold . he be a teacher at the school . es * fletcher have a quiet word with he ; fletcher * Mr. plainview would pay you two thousand * dollar a year . in cash . all you accommodation * will be of premier class . you have to be * prepare to travel wherever Mr. plainview and * he son may travel , do you have family here * in San Francisco ? * GEORGE reynold shake he head , '' no . '' look at fletcher , * then : * CUT to : 123b int . train . — moving . 123b * fletcher , GEORGE and hw riding on the train . * ~ GEORGE teach hw sign language ... * CUT to : 124 125 109 Blue revise 5/18/06 ext . field near the sunday ranch . day . 12 . =— sunday ranch . day . it 's week later . the construction of the pipeline be under way . angle , daniel . out here , sweat in the sun , work / supervise . angle , across the field . fletcher be walk with : h.w. and GEORGE reynold . * Daniel see they and come walk over very quickly .. grab hold of h.w. and kissing and hugging he . fletcher watch ... daniel pick he up and they walk off . ( stay with they , daniel whisper to he , hold he , gently , kindly ) CUT to : int . fancy restaurant / isabella county — night — later 125 daniel and hw sit at a Fancy festaurant . hw 's foot dangle from the chair . daniel we will get you a good meal . that 's all we need here be a good strong expensive meal .. be you hungry ? Daniel be frustrated . a waiter come over . daniel two steak . whiskey . and water for he . and goat 's milk . they stare at each other . daniel Standard offer we a million dollar for the Little Boston lease . I tell they no . we make a deal with Union on the pipeline . and all of we output . 110 beat . daniel can you hear I ? be you look at I and really you can hear I ? hold . they sit .. daniel we be gonna have that teacher help you and help take care of all this . because I need you . I need you help . we get everything we need now to build this company ... cu . daniel . he look across the restaurant and see something ..he stand up , leave hw . arrive at another table : sit here be h.m. tilford , from Standard oil , who we meet earlier and Daniel threaten . he be sit with he wife . daniel stand over he . daniel I want you to look over there . tilford hello , Daniel . daniel look over there . that 's my son . you see ? see ? tilford Daniel — daniel you see he ? you do not tell I how to raise my family . I tell you not to tell I how to raise my family so what do you see ? tilford I be happy for you that everything -- 126 127 11 Blue revise 5/18/06 daniel I have make a deal with Union and my son be happy and safe and I be take care of he now — so you look like a fool , Hamilton . do not you ? tilford yes . daniel I tell you what I be gonna do . Daniel walk back and take he seat with h.w. hold..cu . hw 's face .. look at Daniel continue to babble away , hearing nothing . CUT to : int . basecamp oil field . day . 126 * tas srsecamp oil field . day hw be teach GEORGE the language of the oil business . mary be here as well , learn . sign language ... * they spell out word and find sign for oil equipment that be laid out around the camp — George will silently mouth the word and together they make a sign . * * hw be very confident around this gear .. hold on he signing away ... CUT to : int . train depot . day . week later . St al. week later . daniel be take care of some business at the crowded train depot .. eli , dress up for a journey , come and find he -- eli hello , Daniel . daniel go somewhere ? eli that 's right . I be go on a mission . oildale , taft , I be go to bakersfield . I have be invite to spread he word .. and it 's time for we congregation to grow . daniel I 'il be sorry to see you go . 112 Blue revise 5/18/06 eli I know that 's not true . . beat . eli it 's good that h.w. be back home where he belong . he 's a fine boy . Daniel have nothing else to say ... eli God bless you . daniel be very very careful where you turn in you travel , eli . eli ~and God be with you boy . eli leave . Daniel watch he -.go. CUT to : 127a ext . various location . tbd . 127a * 1 . shot of h.w * 2 . shot of hw and mary . * 3 . cu , hw running near magic hour . * CUT to black . * title card : 1927 * 128 omitted 128a 128b 128¢c 128d 112a Blue revise 5/18/06 fade up : ext . / int . plainview mansion — dusk . 128a * sa ce sae lew mansion ~ dusk various static image of daniel plainview 's mansion / estate . * ground , room , gothic room , stone , marble , bowling alley , * etc , unpacked box , etc . * CUT to : int . kitchen . plainview mansion . day . 128b * ae sen . _ plainview mansion . day . Daniel be here and he be signing check . al rose be here , * put thing in front of he . * a servant clean / work in b.g. * Daniel eat a sandwich . end . cu , image . signature . cd CUT to : int . hallway . night . 128c * Daniel walk down the hallway . * CUT to : * int . bedroom . morning . 128d * image . Daniel sleep . oc we hear the voice of GEORGE * ( interpreter ) speak ; * hw / GEORGE ( vo ) how many can say that they have know * the love of they life since they can * remember ? * CUT to : 112b Blue revise 5/18/06 128e int . a church somewhere . looking toward the altar . 128e * — — — — _ — — — — — — — — — eee eo : looking toward the altar . older hw ( age 25 ) and older mary ( age 25 ) be on knee , * wedding vow and sacrament ... * priest , exchanging vow .. cu 's priest 's mouth , BW watch . * sign language . * hw / GEORGE ( vo ) I know not many . and I hold it as my deep * pleasure . * I be sure that I have idolize Mary since I meet she so long ago — and I will continue to idolize she the rest of my life . my ring have never be offer or wear by another but my little girl Mary . eee ee * we hear. / detail sacrament ( tbd ) hw / GEORGE ( vo ) the other side of my life get darker * each day ... . * CUT to : 113 Blue revise 5/18/06 129 int . private rail car . day . moving . =e car . day . moving . hw be signing this letter that we hear — to GEORGE , who speak it to a secretary who type this out ... mary be here .. hw / GEORGE ( vo ) ( temp narration ) my father 's ferocious appetite for buy new land while ignore exist contract be blind to the future of this industry . out the window we see derrick for mile and mile and mile . hw / GEORGE ( vo ) ( temp narration ) I can not continue to put a happy face on the trouble I see . there be a downfall ahead , and my Father be unable or unwilling to see this . «would you consider a meeting to discuss you future plan ? CUT to : 129 * * * ee ee * ** ee ee * 113a Blue revise 5/18/06 129a ext . new sunday ranch house . afternoon . 129a * — — —_—__—ee le house . apternoon . surrounded by derrick . wide shot . fx . * hw / GEORGE Mary and I be travel to * Little Boston on the 19 of this month * to see we family . * perhaps it be a good time and private place * to speak . it have be too long since we have * be together and you must wrap you arm * around Mary , who demand to see you . * angle , closer . * hw and mary be with a older mother sunday and older RUTH + and her husband and kide . : * angle , fletcher . * be be drive in a nice car , up to the house , through the * oil field . * angle , porch . . * they all sit on the porch of the house . * hw / GEORGE I have reach a crossroad in my life , * fletcher and I be in need of you help . * CUT to : 129b ext . sunday house . dusk . 129b * fletcher , hw and GEORGE be off to the side , away from it * all have a conversation . we see this intense conversation * only from a distance . * cu . mary . * she watch they across the way . * long lens . image * of the men gathere , hw signing , GEORGE interpreting ..fletcher listen , speak , continue ... * hold this , then : 129c int . room . night . ( tbd ) ( maybe ? ) 129c * mary and hw kiss each other . * CUT to : 130 131 132 133 134 135 omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted 114-117 Blue revise 5/18/06 int . plainview mansion - foyer / hallway — day ( later 135 a man ton = foyer / hallway — day ( later ) h.w. and GEORGE come walk down this long , dark hallway . enter in from the front door . camera move into cu. on h.w. as they arrive at daniel 's office : CUT to : 118 Blue revise 5/18/06 136 int . office . moment later . . 136 * a he ment later daniel be here , sit at he desk , look at hw and GEORGE enter . he be ready for something . * * they come in , walk up ... sit down . Daniel look right at he ; daniel how be you trip ? hw / GEORGE Fine , thank you . beat . something uncomfortable . al rose and other cronie be * watch the interchange . hw / GEORGE can we be alone ? * daniel , . this be my close associate , they * hear everything ~ where have you be ? * hw / GEORGE I would rather speak to you in private . * daniel you can not speak . so why do not you * just tell I where you have be ? * or do you think I do not know ? * hw / GEORGE if you know , then you tell I . * daniel I know that we have no business * to be do in the Sunday field . * and I know that if you take * my rail car on business it should * be use for business . * and I have no business with fletcher * Hamilton . so what be it that you be * here to tell I ? 119 Blue revise 5/18/06 hold . beat . then ; hw this be very hard for I to say , but * I will tell you first : I love you very much . * I have learn to love what I do because * of you . I be leave here . I be go to * Mexico . I be take Mary and I be go to * Mexico . I miss work outside . I miss the * field . * it will only be for a time . for I to * do my own drilling and start my own * company . * it 's time to make a change . * beat . daniel , . this make you tly ~competitor . * BW no , no , it 's not like that . * daniel it be like that , boy . * beat . daniel you own company ? * BW that 's right . * daniel in Mexico ? * hw yes . * daniel you be make such a misstep . * 120 Blue revise 5/18/06 beat . daniel so .. what be you do ? BW I have try to talk to you . daniel ~~ you talk through you little dog . * h.w. / GEORGE I know that we do not agree over many thing and I would rather keep you as my Father than my partner . * daniel ( to hw ) then say it . you have get something to say to I ? then say it . I would like to hear speak instead of you little dog . e+e ee * beat . hw do not say anything . hold . daniel you be kill we with what you be do . * h.w. / GEORGE you be stubborn and you will not listen . * daniel you be kill my image of you as my son . * h.w. / GEORGE you will change . you will see I sweetly again someday ... daniel you be not my son . h.w. / GEORGE please do not say that . I know you * do not mean that . 121-122 Blue revise 5/18/06 daniel it 's the truth - ~ you be not my son . ~ and you never have be .. you be a orphan . ~ and you have operate here today like one . I should have see this come . I should have know that under this all , this past year you have be building you hate for I piece by piece . and I do not even know who you be . because you have none of I in you .. you be someone else 's .. this anger . you maliciousness and backwards dealing with I .. you be a orphan from a basket in the middle of the desert . and 1 take you for no other reason than I need a@ sweet face to buy land . you be lower than a bastard . stee eee eee eee h.w. watch Daniel 's mouth as he finish speak ..o W sign , GEORGE speak : + * hw / GEORGE I be go to Mexico with my wife . * I be go away from you . * daniel you have none of I in you , * hw / GEORGE if you want to fight mewit will * be the fight of you life . * they leave . * daniel you 're a bastard from a basket . bastard * from a basket . * CUT to : 137 138 123 Blue revise 5/18/06 int . stairwell . later . 137 it 's dark and then a door be open .. daniel come staggering in and go deep down inside he house . long dissolve to : int . bowling alley / plainview mansion . night 138 — — — — _ — _ — _ — — — ese nview mansion . night this be a very large party area / bowl area / recreational room in the basement of the plainview estate . there be empty liquor bottle around .. sign of a mess / booze / trouble ... ~ passed out drunk in the middle of the bowling alley , wrapped in a_blanket be daniel . a old male servant come in . wilk down the lane and attempt to wake up daniel .he try very hard , over and over and over ... angle , the doorway . down into this area. tep : eli sunday . he be flamboyantly dress and he have two female companion with he . they watch as the servant try to wake Daniel up ... 124 eli direct he Lady Friends to wait upstairs , then come over to help : eli daniel . daniel . daniel plainview the house be on FIRE . ( beat , to servant ) you can leave we .. please ... the servant leave .. daniel come to .. and see eli 's face . eli brother Daniel .. it 's eli.. daniel wye it be .. Daniel stir and sit up .. eli reach for some glass and pour two drink ..of which he drink both . daniel pour himself a drink . eli you home be a miracle . it 's beautiful . God bless it . daniel eli '' I have be spread his word far and wide , far and wide , so much travel for he . I have be work in radio ..! so much have be happen , but to be here and find you and see you well be wonderful and we have a chance to catch up ! ( beat ) my brother , Daniel .. we ’'re such old friend ! so much time ... eli take another drink ... eli ahhhh . thing go up , thing go down but at least the Lord be always around . ( beat ) we have see up and downs , have not we ? daniel be thing down right now eli ? 125 eli no , no .. but I come with some sad news : perhaps you remember Mr. bandy ? daniel eli Mr. bandy have pass on to the Lord . eli say a silent prayer to himself . eli he live to be 99 year old . Mr. bandy have a Grand son. have you meet he grandson ? William ? daniel eli William bandy be one of the finest member we have in the Church of the third revelation . he be young and fit and strong with good charismatic ability and he be head for wonderful thing . he be eager to come to Hollywood to be in movie . he be very good look . and I do think he will have success . daniel that 's wonderful . eli would you like I to speak with he ? beat . silence . eli Daniel , I be ask if you have like to have business with the Church of the third revelation in develop this lease on young bandy 's thousand acre tract . ( beat ) I be offer you to drill on one of the great un - develop field of Little Boston ! 126 daniel I have be happy to work with you .. eli you would ? yes , yes of course . wonderful . daniel but there be one condition for this work . eli alright . daniel I have like you to tell I that you be a false Prophet . eli on ? daniel I have like you to tell I that you be , and have be , a false Prophet .. and that God be a superstition . eli «but that 's a lie . daniel eli it 's a lie . I can not say it . beat . long pause . eli when can we begin to drill ? daniel right away . eli how long will it take to bring in the well ? daniel should be very quick . eli I would like a one hundred thousand dollar signing bonus plus the five that be owed with interest . daniel that 's only fair . eli '' I be a false prophet and God be a superstition . if that 's what you believe , then I will say it . daniel say it like you mean it . eli Daniel ... daniel say it like it 's you sermon . eli this be foolish . daniel eli '' I am a false prophet . GOD be a superstition . '' be that fine ? daniel that area 's have be drill . eli what ? 128 daniel that Area 's have be drill . eli no they have not . daniel it 's call drainage . I own everything around ltesereeen 80 I get everything underneath it . eli but there be no derrick there . this be the bandy tract . do you understand ? daniel do you ? I drink you water , eli . I drink it up . everyday . I drink the blood of lamb from bandy 's tract . eli ahuh . eli take another drink .. and then begin to break down and cry and cry and sob like a baby .. eli oh , Daniel .. please ... I be in desperate time .. I need a friend .. I feel the wall close in ... i've sinned.. I need help.. I be a sinner ... I have let the Devil grab hold of I in way that I never imagine ! I be so full of sin . daniel the Lord sometimes challenge we , do not he ? eli ohhhh yes he duz . yes he duzzzzaaaa ! aaaaawhoa . he’s completely faile to alert I to the recent panic in our economy and this . I must have this . '' I must have this .. I have invest .. my investment have ..oh , Daniel , I will not bore you , but I — if I could grab the lord hand for help I would , but he doe these thing all the time , these mystery that he present and while we wait .. while we wait .. wait for he word ... daniel be holding a look on eli ; 129 daniel you be not the choose brother , eli . it be Paul who be choose . he find I and he tell I about you land . you be a fraud . eli why be you talk about Paul ? do not say this .. do not say this to I , Daniel . daniel I do what you brother could not . I break you and I beat you . it be Paul who tell I about you . he 's the prophet . he 's the smart one . he know what be there and he find I to take it out of the ground . he smack eli across the face . daniel stop crying you sniveling ass . stop you nonsense . you be just the young brother . and you will always be the young brother , eli.. and that land have be have .. you have nothing . you lose . you idiot , you lose . eli if you take this lease on the bandy lot , the Church would — daniel drainage ! drainage , eli ! drained dry , you boy . if you have a milkshake and I have a milkshake and I have a straw and my straw reach acccrrossssssssss the room start to drink you milkshake : I drink you milkshake ! I drink it up . 130 eli do not bully I Daniel , please . help me. please . my faith have be lost and I need a new way . I ask for you help -- in a flash : daniel be up and have grabbed eli and thrown he halfway across the room . eli flail about as Daniel close in , hysterical / crazy / kick / push , etc .. daniel I take what I wanted when you weren ’t looking and the blood of the lamb be in my pocket . do you think GOD be go to balance you investment ? GOD doesn ’t save idiot , eli . you be broke and you be lame and you be do for . eli no I be not . daniel did you think that you song and dance and you superstition would save you ? I am the third revelation ! I am who the lord have chosen . because I ’m smarter than you . I am older and wiser and I am not a false prophet , you sniveling boy . you 're do for . eli not do for , no . daniel yes . angle , daniel . along the way , he pick up a heavy silver tumbler ... daniel I am the third revelation ! I am the third revelation ! I told you I would eat you up , I told you I would eat you . how dare you come to I ? how dare you ? what did I tell you ? 138a 131 angle , eli . : inching back on the bowl alley floor .. back from Daniel ... daniel what did I tell you ? angle , daniel . advance on eli ... daniel I told you i‘d eat you up . angle , eli crawl and look for somewhere to go .. daniel how dare you come to my home ? daniel be over he , and sit on he chest , pinning down he arm .. and drive the tumbler straight down into eli 's face . camera look straight down on the gorgeous wood floor ... «very slowly , blood come oozing into frame . it spread and move like a slow land slide .. cover the floor .. camera move back a bit to reveal ; «blood pour from eli 's skull and this head wound ..he 's curl in a fetal position and not move .. cu . daniel . he eye wet and out of breath from the struggle , look at what he 's do . hold . he get up -- Daniel drag eli 's dead body down the lane of the bowl alley , leave a streak of blood ... he throws he into the bowling pin and down over the lip into a cellar . from below , looking up . 138a bowling pin and eli 's body come crashing through into this cellar . 138b above , in the bowling lane . 138c Daniel slump down onto the floor .. breathe heavy blood .. hold with he on he face . angle , at the step leading to the bowling alley . camera pull back with al rose come down the steps..slowly..slowly .. revealing to he the horrific -- and see the blood spill across the floor .. and hold on Al 's face and the reality of this mess ... Daniel turn around .. satisfied : daniel I be finish . the end . 132 138b and cover in 138¢ scene : see Daniel ...