they fade in : int . bedroom -— day tiny golden wheel and gear turn lazily upon metal rod . mechanical piece . small and intricate . glitter in the sunlight . reveal the gear be turn within a antique desk clock sit on a book shelf , a small pendulum swinging back and forth behind the glass housing . the room be barren except for a pair of open suitcase and a bed that 's be stripped . sitting on the mattress be ... julia levin smart and clever . dress in a graduation gown and stare out the window . she seem to be lose in think , immobile , until the bedroom door swing open and ... connor levin , age seventeen and wear a suit and tie , step inside . connor dad say we gotta get move . we be late . julia I be get ready . connor you be sit on the bed . julia ( dryly ) thanks for clear that up . I will be right down . he step out . Julia take a frame picture out of she suitcase -- a candid shot of herself stand with she mother , forty , a healthy and vibrant woman . julia ( cont would ) sure do miss you . above she , a ceiling fan rotate . creating a soft humming . ext . westwood - apartment build - day Julia walk out of the building where she father , guy levin , a older man with a kind face , wait . connor be check he reflection in the car window , adjust he tie , fussing with he hair . guy you ready ? julia all set . I pack up everything . ( remember ) oh , except Mom 's clock -- I think there 's something wrong with it . it 's not tell the right time . guy I will get it fix . probably just need a few new part . guy smile at Julia for a moment . very warmly . guy ( cont would ) you look just like you mother . Julia be momentarily uncomfortable . but she recover , father on the cheek . julia we will be late . ext . university of california , los angele - campus - day smile and kiss she student dress in graduation cap and gowns be gather on the campus grounds . Julia stand by herself , take picture with a professional Nikon camera . she focus the camera upon ... terry alba , 22 , beautiful and sexy . very particular and demand . she smile perfectly as Julia snap the picture . but she boyfriend , SAM burnside , cute and mischievous , sport pink hair and loud clothes , make a face . winding she film , Julia search a moment , then smile . raising she camera lens , she snap a picture of ... paul loomis early twenty . Dark hair . strap and perfectly handsome . he wear a blue and gold stripe tie with he starch white shirt and graduation gown . he kiss she . passionate and gentle . paul you pack up ? julia ready to move in . I will be store some of the stuff you have already get . Television . CD player . microwave . paul ( suggestively ) bed . Julia smile at he . julia bed . paul Med School do not start until August . at least not for the freshmen , so we have get plenty of time to see Europe , take the car trip up north ... julia I hope it will not be a drag . there 's a lot of stuff to move out of my mother 's cabin . paul we friend will be there . it will be fun . julia I hope so . beat . paul you okay ? julia tense . paul would it help if I massage you breast ? julia no . paul because it would help I . julia ( stifling laughter ) maybe later . the student start form into line . julia ( cont would ) hey , I see you Mom and kid sister . where 's you dad ? beat . paul he 's not come . julia but it 's you graduation . Paul shrug again . a brief sting of hurt on he face . paul be not a good enough reason in High School either . Paul look away . Julia know how painful this be and to diminish it . Julia smile and run she finger across he tie knot . julia I like you tie . ucla color . paul will not insult he by try School spirit . I be a bruin . the line start move towards the stadium . hundred of cheer rise up from the graduate student . as she walk , a sound draw Julia 's attention . stand on the lawn be a SMALL boy , no more than four year - old , sobbing and cling to he mother 's leg . Julia stop walk as she gaze at the child . the line come to a halt behind she . paul ( cont would ) Julia . we can not graduate unless you move . julia sorry . she stalk walk again . Paul put he arm around she . ext . SAM be house - garden - day a big , traditional house nestle in the hill . parent and graduate student exchange polite conversation in the yard . ext . SAM be house - back porch - day sitting between a pair of open french door be " the gang " consist of Julia and Paul and Terry and Sam . they throw around conversation , ignore the party . terry it 's secluded ? nobody say anything to I about the cabin be secluded . julia I say it be a cabin in the wood . I think seclusion be a give . terry I be no good out in the wood . you know what life in the wood ? animal that sting . animal that bite . paul so avoid the animal . julia I really appreciate you guy help I . I could not move everything alone . SAM hey , it 's we last chance to be together . Terry and I be excited . ( turn ) be not we , ter ? she 's not excited . terry can I bring my cotton bedsheet to the cabin ? if I try to sleep in anything but cotton , I get hive . julia whatever make you happy . Sam grab a large draw pad from the step . he open it . SAM speak of which , I have get you graduation gift . as specify . julia let 's see . Sam hold up a sketch of Clark Kent change to superman . SAM like it ? julia it 's great . thanks Sam . Paul check out the draw . his nose crinkle . paul superman ? why would you want a draw of superman ? julia he 's very attractive . paul ( stare ) you be kid . julia paul he 's not even real . julia I think most woman tend to wonder if superman be super in every way . terry I do not . paul you see . there go you argument . terry ( thoughtfully ) but spiderman have a nice ass . off everyone 's look -- terry ( cont would ) what ? int . SAM be house - bathroom - day Julia finish wash she hand . dry they . grabbing she camera and the draw , Julia open the bathroom door ... int . SAM be house - hallway - continuous ++. and freeze . stand within a open bedroom be ... a blond student . another college graduate . Tan and attractive . dress exactly like Paul -- identical white shirt , gold and blue stripe tie . he pull off he tie and unbutton he shirt . Julia do not move . the student peel off he shirt . her eye be draw to a superman tattooe on he shoulder . the student insignia catch sight of Julia in the hallway . her face turn bright red immediately . she start to laugh . he smile at she . a bit flatter . flirt . student change into something more formal . he hold up a pair of rip jeans . Julia back down the hallway . still laugh . embarrass . julia I be sorry . I be just use the ... ( laugh ) really . I be sorry . student I will forgive you this once . she quickly leave . the blond student watch she go . a grin on he face . ext . SAM be house - back yard - day Julia walk out the back door . stifl she laughter . Paul be talk with guy on the lawn . Julia snap a picture of they together , wind she film , and notice ... a little girl sweet and innocent . sitting on a bench . motionless . Julia walk towards she . the little girl be stare across the lawn at a pool shed . transfix . a group of child be play on the grass in front of it . the girl become aware of Julia 's presence and turn around . julia girl ( quiet ) silence . julia you sit here all by yourself ? the girl slowly nod " yes . " julia ( cont would ) do not you want to play with the other kid ? the girl shake she head " no . " julia ( cont would ) want I to leave you alone ? the girl shake she head " no . " more silence . julia ( cont would ) want to mix this up and ask I something ? the little girl notice the camera . girl be you take picture for Sam 's family ? julia no , I be just ( then ) I be a friend of Sam 's . but I be also a photographer . beat . girl will you take a picture of I ? julia why ? girl so you will not forget I . I take picture . julia ( surprised ) why would I forget you ? girl because they be come for I . a long beat . Julia sit next to she . julia who be ? girl the monster . julia what monster ? girl there . behind the door . the girl point towards the pool shed . the rusted door of the shed be slightly open . just a crack . julia that other kid do not look too scared . girl they should be . beat . julia ( play along ) so how come only you can see they ? the girl leans forward and speak in a hushed whisper . girl because I know they be real . I use to have a little brother , but they come and get he . now my parent say I never have a brother before . ( pause ) soon ... my parent will not remember I either . something about the girl 's tone of voice be unnerve . as if she 's resign herself to this . a slight wind hiss through the tree . the girl rise . girl ( cont would ) I gotta go . they know I be talk about they . julia wait a second . Julia snap a picture of the girl . julia ( cont would ) feel better ? the girl stare at she . girl be you scared of monster ? julia beat . girl I be . the girl turn and run across the lawn . Julia be leave sit on the bench . she glance over at the pool shed again . raise she camera and focus on the door which be still crack open . she snap the picture . click ! int . paul be apartment - night Julia and Paul be romantically entangle as they enter the apartment . a little drunk . kiss and frolick . she strip off he jacket and tie . Paul abruptly stop . paul wait a minute ( grab both side of he shirt ) this be a job for ... Paul rip he shirt wide open . button pop everywhere . they both start laugh . join together , he guide she towards the bathroom . the wind gently hiss on the balcony . Windchime spin . int . bathroom - night a cloud of hot steam . the soothing rush of warm water run over tan and naked skin . Julia stand underneath the shower , she body relax into Paul 's chest , he muscular arm encircle she body , he lip bury in she neck and shoulder . her eye be shut . her expression be calm . intercut - blond student stand in the guest bedroom at Sam 's house . Young and muscular . bath in sunlight . the tattoo on he shoulder . back to julia her eye still press close . smiling a little . Water continue rush from the shower head , create a hiss that eventually become the roar of the ocean . dissolve to : ext . pacific coast highway - dusk the set sun blushes crimson across the roll wave of the Pacific . streak along the highway be a range rover , pack with luggage , headlight on . int . range rover - dusk Paul sit behind the wheel . he 's bop and rapping with Sam to hip - hop that blare from the speaker . very energize . Julia sit on the passenger side , lean against the window , try to shut out the music . Terry look just as miserable . finally , Julia turn off the radio . a silent beat . the guy catch they girlfriend ' expression . paul sorry . SAM ( overlap ) sorry . Terry lean forward between the seat . terry so the cabin have electricity , right ? and plumbing ? everything we need ? julia uh-huh . terry so it have everything . julia it have everything . SAM wait a minute . I hear a shoe about to drop . julia except a phone . SAM bam ! there it be . terry ( scandalize ) I need a phone . it 's like family to I . Mom , dad , my brother .... phone . julia so you be rough it . terry the last time I try to rough it , I be in therapy for a year . why do not you mother have a phone ? julia I guess she want to be leave alone . at least until she get sick . Paul look to she . paul this will not be too hard on you , will it ? stay at she place ? julia it 's okay . I be enjoy this . Julia smile at he . Paul smile back . paul good . he switch the radio back on and continue rapping with Sam . Julia and Terry both stare straight ahead , ear pound . this be turn into a long trip . ext . forest road - night Paul 's Range Rover make its way down a long , wind road . the Rover 's headlight illuminate the wood lining the road on both side . int . range rover - night the inside of the Range Rover be dark . only the faint glow from the dashboard light provide any ambient illumination . Sam and Terry be snuggle together in the back seat . everything be quiet . Julia be think . finally , she break the silence . julia do you believe in monster ? a beat . everyone else in the car trade look . paul we have be in the car too long . julia I be just ask . paul like what ? the boogeyman ? julia the boogeyman . the thing under the bed . the monster hide in the closet . terry what make you think of that ? julia a little girl at Sam 's house . she be convinced there be a monster try to get she . paul you be say you believe she ? Julia be suddenly on the spot . she backtrack . julia of course I do not . there be no monster . not really . SAM sure there be . Ted Bundy . Son of Sam . Ed gein . terry who be Ed gein ? SAM he be a mass murderer . this old hermit who would kill people and take the part he want . head . liver . intestine . sex organ . terry why do he use the part for ? SAM everything . the police find a skull that be use for a soup bowl . face be stuff and mount like hunt trophy on the wall . Bones be use for furniture . paul he also wear they skin . like clothes . Terry recoil into she seat . gross out . terry sorry I ask . SAM you want proof . there it be . julia but it 's not like he 's a monster under the bed . SAM so ? julia so why be kid afraid of that ? SAM because they live in a completely different world than we do . ( then ) think about it . why do kid pick up on thing that we can not ? ... bump in the night ? footstep in the hallway ? ... a thumping inside they closet ? paul overactive imagination . SAM wrong . perfect awareness . ( beat ) kid have a perfect awareness of everything around they . every sound . every shadow . everything get quiet . SAM ( cont would ) the boogeyman could be real . so could monster . just because you have never see they do not mean they be not there . silence . the car engine purr softly . this be start to make sense . and it 's spooky . paul all right . I be creepe out . but my bullshit alarm be go off . SAM you just can not handle it . paul right . because it 's bullshit . julia serial killer aside , my take on this subject be very simple . if I do not picture of it -- it 's not real . terry okay , be this conversation like a radio station ? can we just change the because personally , I would like to get to sleep tonight . Terry have just finish say this word , when -- a animal run out of the wood into the middle of the road . a black shape in the headlight . eye the dark . have a channel ? flashing in paul jesus christ ! Paul slam on the brake . too late . wham ! the range rover smashes into it , throw the shape into a ditch at the side of the road . the Range Rover swerve and come to a squealing halt . inside the rover everyone catch they breath . a moment of dead silence . paul ( cont would ) everyone okay ? terry ( nod ) we be fine . julia what be that ? paul I think it be a dog . Julia unlock she door . julia we would better check the car . she step out of the Rover . the other follow . ext . forest road - night the hazard light be switch on . Paul walk around to the front of the Rover . the bumper be dent . paul look at that . there 's a couple thousand dollar out of my wallet . terry you can probably get someone to pop it back . paul sure . for a couple hundred dollar . Sam look down the road . he can barely make out a large form rest lifeless in the ditch . he start walk towards it . julia I be sorry about you car , Paul ... paul ( begrudge ) yeah , well . shit happen . the conversation become distant as Sam walk slowly up the road , move past the yellow flash hazard light which click rhythmically ... click , click , click Sam approach the ditch . darkness be all around . wee . click ... click ... click ... he kneel down alongside the body of the animal . very little be visible of the corpse except for its dark , mangle form sprawle across the dirt . Sam pick up a stick and poke at the body . nothing happen . he poke at the corpse again . the hind leg of the corpse suddenly twitch . a reflex action . Sam leap back . the life nearly scared out of he . a flap of hairless skin slide away from one of the animal 's hind leg . Sam lean forward to get a better look , become simultaneously repulse and fascinate . SAM hey guy ! paul what ? SAM take a look at this . julia be ita dog ? Sam glance at the dead corpse and back to he friend again . he look shake . SAM I do not know . the rest of the group move down the road . a weird unease have start to settle in . Paul and Julia kneel down in front of the corpse . it 's almost unrecognizable . the darkness smother the road keep they from get a handle on any of the body 's feature . paul it look like a dog to I . SAM do you see the leg ? paul what about it ? Sam take the stick and gently push away the flap of tear skin for a better look . the group lean forward . a deep bleed wound have be expose . through the tear flesh and blood pump over charcoal skin , the group can see bone flash into the moonlight . but intermingled with the animal 's skeleton be ... piece of metal glitter and clean . a series of connect stainless steel thread and pallid bone that have grow together . SAM ever see anything like that ? paul no. SAM it look like steel . like someone put steel into its body . paul I do not think it be put in there . it look like it grow that way . julia that 's impossible . what kind of animal have steel in its skeleton ? Terry step forward tentatively . terry what be you look at ? julia be you sure it 's dead ? paul come on , honey . it 's a dog . not a zombie . SAM Julia ? where 's you camera ? julia it 's in the car . paul I have get it . Paul race back to the Range Rover and open the passenger door . camera . Julia take a step back into the middle of the tree , create a soft hissing noise as shadow . Paul return and hand the camera to Sam . SAM you want to turn it over ? paul road . he withdraw Julia 's the wind be sifting through the the branch dance and twist in the I be not touch it . Sam kneel down . he point the camera and shoot . the camera flash cut through the darkness and fall upon the corpse . but only fora millisecond of clarity . twisted metal . skin . appendage . madness . both of the young man stand freeze , thunderstruck , stare down at the misshapen shape in front of they . a long period of amaze silence follow . SAM that 's wrong . that 's all wrong . Paul shake he head . paul that 's not a dog . terry ( stunne ) what be that thing come out of its back ? Paul start recoil . his stomach be get weak . paul that 's not a dog . the cool summer wind whistle through the tree around they . SAM ( sicken ) that do not even make sense . julia Paul ... Paul look over at she . julia ( cont would ) let 's get in the car . SAM we need some flashlight . terry ( hushed ) screw the flashlight . SAM what the hell be it ? paul dude . we be outta here . Julia and Paul walk briskly to the Range Rover . Sam and Terry follow they , glance back over they shoulder . SAM what the hell be it ?! Paul toss the camera into the Rover 's back seat . he slam the door shut . Julia open the front passenger door . a soft thumping from the wood . almost like footstep . julia get in the car . Julia hop into the front seat and slam she door . int . range rover - night the atmosphere be quickly turn into panic . and Terry close they door . SAM Paul jump behind the wheel as both Sam I want to know what that thing be . Paul press the automatic door lock . thunk . julia Paul , start the car . paul key ... he search he pocket . they be empty . he check he jacket . SAM I want to know what it be . paul will you shut up ? Paul fish out the car key from he jacket pocket . he start the ignition . the engine roar to life . julia a heavy thump . right outside the back window . Sam and Terry instinctively look towards the rear hatch . terry there 's something behind the car . julia go ! Paul hit the gas . ext . forest road - night the Range Rover disappear into the night . the calm and unnerve quiet of the wood be leave behind . the wind whistle softly . ext . santa mira - fast food restaurant - night a fast food joint at the side of the road . int . fast food restaurant - night everyone be sit quietly at a table . fast food leaving be litter across they plastic trays . nobody be say anything or look at one another . finally ... SAM I want to get the body . everyone 's face drop into shock . Paul almost laugh . paul you do that . we will wait for you ass right here . Sam lean forward in he seat . intense . SAM nothing about that thing look right . absolutely nothing . skeleton . there be metal in its terry maybe it be not metal . it might have just look like metal . SAM there be fuck gear , for chrissake . paul Fine . go back out there . do whatever the hell you want . but count I out . I be do . julia we have already get a picture , Sam . SAM let 's get a few more then . I want to get a good look at that thing up close . terry ( adamant ) I be not go back there . SAM let Julia decide . it 's she camera . the group stare at Julia . she remain silent . paul you call . Julia stare back at all of they . a moment . a small child begin crying and scream in the restaurant . Julia flinch at the unexpected sound , glance over at the child 's parent as they quiet he down . she rise from the table . julia I have to use the bathroom . she walk straight into the bathroom . after she 's go ... terry I be not go back there . int . fast food restaurant - bathroom - night large and poorly light . several close bathroom stall face a row of sink and a huge mirror . a toilet flush . Julia leave one of the stall and pull the door close behind she . she move to the mirror , wash she hand , and retrieve a brush from she purse . Water drip from one of the leaky pipe in the bathroom while the fluorescent bulb over the mirror crackle softly . Julia be about to brush she hair , but something unnerve she . she cock she head slightly . a feel . she turn around and check out the bathroom . the door to the stall be all close shut . empty and quiet . she start brush she hair . a few moment pass . then , she stop and listen to the water dripping from the pipe . Julia turn back around and look at the bathroom . one of the stall door all the way at the end be now slightly open . not much . just enough to reveal a patch of darkness and gloom within . the sound of water drip abruptly stop . silence follow . Julia look like she 's about to crawl out of she skin . she quickly shove she brush back into she purse and leave . int . fast food restaurant - night Julia walk towards she friend as they collect themselves . everyone be slow get they stuff together . julia I want to leave . paul hold up . we be come . the child start crying again . point at the bathroom . this disturb Julia further . julia Paul ? paul okay . slow down . the group leave the table . ext . fast food restaurant - parking lot - continuous the group emerge from the restaurant . the parking lot be almost desert . no people be in sight . Julia move leisurely towards the Range Rover , just ahead of Terry and Sam -- but she would walk a lot faster if Paul 's arm be not drape around she shoulder . she look tight and nervous . her eye scan the parking lot . the car be empty . sidewalk litter dance in the wind . inside one of the parked car , a featureless shape be sitting behind the wheel . the shape turn and stare at they . everyone pile into the Range Rover . Julia throw a nervous glance back at the shape in the car . he 's still watch they . everyone pile into the car . int . range rover - continuous Paul start the engine and pull out of the parking relieved . ext . santa mira - town STREET - night the Range Rover head off into the wood . ext . cabin - night - establishing a rustic home lot . Julia relax into she seat , surround by huge pine tree and beach grass overlook the ocean . there be no neighbor in sight . Paul 's Range Rover be park out front . int . cabin - basement - night the basement be saturate in a bright red light . Julia be develop a photograph within a small basin . Paul and Terry be seat on the stair . Sam be pace . SAM how much longer ? julia thirty second . it 's come out . SAM I still think we should get the body . we could drive out there , haul it into the car ... paul I be not load that thing into my car . I do not give a shit what it be . it 's not come back here . Julia lift the develop picture out of the basin . julia done . she switch on the light . the group crowd around she . SAM what be it ? what do it look like ? the photograph be blurred . the body be indistinguishable . julia damn . SAM what happen to the picture ? julia out of focus . SAM what do you mean it 's out of focus ? I take the picture . the flash go off . julia Sam , this be a professional camera with a zoom lens . you can not just point and shoot . a quiet moment as they stare at the picture . paul well , so much for that . Sam look at the picture , then at he friend . with a look of somber frustration , Sam quietly turn and charge up the stair , take two at a time . after he 's go terry it 's not a big deal . whatever it be . ( then ) he will get over it . ext . santa mira coastline - beach - day cloudy and overcast . a set of colorless wave crash into the rock . Sam and Terry walk just beyond the rippling surf , argue with each other . SAM I can not get over it . that thing look wrong . completely wrong . julia of course it look wrong . Paul ram it with he car . SAM what about the blood ? it be not red ... it be black -- it be like ... oil from a bust engine . and Julia come julia I must have miss that . SAM let 's find it . cut it up . Study it . terry ( measure ) Sam , I realize that you be a extrovert comic book artist and I be a neurotic . but it 's only now at this moment that I be wonder why we be dating . Sam turn back to Julia -- SAM I will pay you to take I back . julia you do not have to pay I . take the car . SAM the Rover 's a shift . I can only drive a automatic . julia ask Paul . SAM he 's out run . besides , you hear he last night . he would never do it . Julia stare at he . julia it 's a dead animal . SAM so come with I . you take the picture this time . if it 's just a dead animal , then you be right and I be wrong . but if it 's not , we have get a picture of it . julia a picture of what ? beat . SAM a monster . a set of foam wave hiss as they slide along the sand . Julia stand with she arm fold . there 's something really creepy about it which she do not want to admit . julia monster do not exist . SAM what ...? ( pause ) sayin ' yes ... or say no ? Julia stare at he , deadpan . Sam just stare right back . ext . forest road - day the same lonely stretch of road from the night before . the Range Rover appear around a corner and pull over to the side of the road . Julia open she door , camera in hand , and get out . Sam follow she lead . SAM this be it ? julia I think so . you can see the way the road turn sharply to the leave . the rest of the drive be straight . SAM you have get film , right ? julia a new roll . you can have all the picture you want . Julia and Sam start search the ditch . foot crunching in the dirt . move away from the car . a soft thump echoe from somewhere in the wood . a place just beyond the wall of pine branch and shrubbery that shiver in the breeze . Sam and Julia look around . they wait . nothing . nobody . SAM ( slight grin ) the boogeyman life here . julia so will you if you keep talk like that . they keep walk . a beat pass . SAM Julia ? can I ask you something ? julia go ahead . SAM last night on the road , after I take the picture and we start walk to Paul 's car , do you have the same feel ? julia what feel ? SAM that we be be chase . Julia do not say anything . she stop cold in she track . just ahead of she , rest motionless in the ditch , be a body ... swathed in dark fur , twisted at a pathetic angle , huge gashes in its side . the corpse of a doberman pinscher . fly be buz and swarm over the dog 's open wound . Julia and Sam move towards the dog 's lifeless form . julia there 's you monster . SAM that 's a dog . julia right . Sam kneel in front of the corpse . wave off some fly . SAM that 's not what I see . julia I do not see any other corpse on the side of the road , do you ? a long moment . Sam stare back down at the doberman 's body . SAM that 's not what I see . close on the dog eye slightly open . a misshapen form plague with fly . the sound of insect swarming drown out the wind hissing through the tree . ext . forest - walking trail - day Paul be jogging through the wood . a light mist hang in the cool air . the sound of the forest surround he . suddenly , the bird stop sing . Paul become aware of this . he stop run and look around . the forest be deathly still . the sound of a TWIG be crush underfoot . then nothing . another moment . Paul keep go , a chill on he spine , look back over he shoulder . ext . santa mira - town square - day a picture postcard community consist of quaint storefront shop and manicure park . Paul stand right in front of a freshly paint realty office building with a pickete fence , sip a Coke , watch a homeless woman across the street scream and shout at traffic . she 's right next to the park Range Rover . Julia walk out of the realty office . paul finish ? julia done . the cabin have a buyer . paul what about the mover ? julia they be come on Sunday afternoon so we will have to start pack . the homeless woman start walk off down the sidewalk . move away from the Rover 's parking space . paul good . she 's leave . I think we be gonna have to make a run for the car . julia I feel sorry for that people . paul I too . but that do not mean I want to get scream at . julia people be ignore she . maybe that 's the only way she can get attention . paul she 's do a good job . kept I away . they start crossing the street towards the car . julia how do someone end up like that ? paul I think we be witness it first -hand with Sam . anyway ? julia a dog . Paul stare at she . surprise . paul what do you guy find on the road really ? julia yeah . personally , I be glad we do not find frankenstein 's monster . paul you just like be right . julia ( grin ) damn straight . ext . cabin - walking trail - day Sam head away from the cabin , he draw sketch pad under he arm , move into the wood . int . cabin - basement - day a picture be lift out of the develop basin . the shot of the little girl from the party . her expression be distant . torture . bath in the red light , Julia gaze at the picture for a moment , then place it to the side . she go to work on the next piece of develop paper into the basin . she wait . rock the basin a bit . the timer in the basement tick . the picture start to manifest . the photo of the child and pool shed at Sam 's house . Julia frown slightly . something be wrong with the photograph as the detail become more tangible . she lift the photo out of the basin . mystify . close on : the photo stand just inside the shed' door be a blurred figure . featureless . barely distinguishable . hiding in the dark . ext . wood - walking trail - day Sam be sit on a fall tree trunk , sketching on he draw pad with a feverish intensity . close on : the drawing a rough draw of the animal 's leg , intertwined with steel rod and metal thread which culminate in a large pulley where the hip bone should be . int . cabin - live room - night a warm and comfortable cabin . simple and subdued . Paul be seat on the couch , type into he powerbook which be hook up into a phone jack in the wall . Julia stand next to he , hold the photograph . julia I have never see anything like this before . I think it might be a flaw in the negative , but now I be not so sure . will you take a look ? paul ( not pay attention ) okay . he keep watch . julia today . paul I be busy . julia you be ina chat room with a bunch of stranger . paul ( defensive ) they're friend . julia oh yeah ? what be they last name ? they sit face to face . Paul be speechless for a moment , then impatiently take the photograph and look at it . paul I do not see anything . he put the photo down and get back to the chat room . julia you do not even look . paul ( he do not ) I look . julia there 's somebody in the shed . I could not see it when I take the picture , but now it 's there . paul I know . usually when you take a picture , you can not see a blur . Paul smile at she . completely smug . Julia stare right back . julia give you " friend " my best . Julia take the photograph and leave . Paul type into he computer : " julia send her best . " the message pop up next to he user name . within second , several other user name in the chat room respond with " who' julia ??? " int . kitchen - night Terry be sit on the counter , twirling she hair and chat on a cell phone . Julia enter the kitchen . terry ( on the phone ) I be not kid , dana . there 's no phone . ( beat ) there 's a jack and the phone line work , but there 's no phone . uh-huh . Paul be able to get on the internet . I be use he cell . julia ( quietly ) I need you to look at something . Terry nod . terry hold on . julia here . Julia hold out the picture . Terry look it over briefly . terry ( polite ) Nice picture . she get back to she phone conversation . terry ( cont would ) I be back . ( beat ) I do not know if he have any free minute , but he definitely will not after this conversation . uh-huh . thank God for airtouch . frustrate , Julia take the picture and leave the kitchen . ext . cabin - front porch - night the air be completely still . a hush have fall . the only sound be the ocean and cricket chirping in the grass . Julia wander outside hold some of the develop photograph from the party . Sam be sit on the front step , work on he draw . julia Sam ? could you look at ... Sam look up from he draw pad . SAM what ? beat . julia never mind . Julia sit on the porch glider and look through the photo . the little girl look back over she shoulder . the blurred shape inside of the shed . a moment pass . Julia shut she eye as a slight breeze come up . she slip into a dream - like state , calm and relaxed , before open she eye to find the blond student sitting back on the hood of a sport car . wearing a white tank top undershirt . the tattooe " ss " insignia visible on he shoulder . bath in soft moonlight . he even look good in the dark . they eye meet . smile be trade between they . the wind sift gently over the porch . it 's all very dream-like . int . cabin - bedroom - night a spacious bedroom . typical . Julia be already in bed and wear a night shirt . Paul be grind out a set of crunch . julia it just would have be nice if somebody have look at it . you be on the internet . Terry be on the phone . I feel like I be live with a bunch of machine instead of people . paul someone 's overreact . julia would you look at it again ? paul I already do . and I still do not see anything . Paul get into bed . julia that little girl say there be a monster in the shed . paul ( kiss she ) it be probably another dog . good night . he switch off the light . Paul turn over and go to sleep . Julia sit for a moment in the dark . alone with she thought . she look over at the walk - in closet across the room . the closet door be slightly open . just a crack . not enough to provide any clear view of what lie within , but just enough for something -- monster include -- to peek out . Julia stare at the closet . spook . she know better , but it 's dark and she primal fear be take control . julia ( to herself ) stupid . she get out of bed and tiptoe to the closet , shutting the door . then she get back into bed . smiling to herself , she go to sleep . ext . cabin - night the wind be pick up . tree rustle . int . cabin - bedroom - night the clock on the night table read 3:15 am . Julia turn over in she sleep and stir awake . she groggily look over towards the closet . Julia practically sit up in bed . the closet door be wide OPEN . a childhood nightmare come to life . Julia 's breathe quicken . she reach towards the other side of the bed . julia whisper ) Paul ? her hand find nothing but sheet and empty space . there 's nobody there . she quickly turn to locate she boyfriend . but he 's go . she try to switch on the light . click . the light stay off . she try again . click . nothing happen . then , she hear it . a faint sound . almost like a shuffling . the sound of something drag itself lightly across the floor to the edge of the bed . Julia 's throat have go dry . carefully , she creep towards Paul 's side of the bed and check the floor . there be nothing in sight . the only sign of movement be the shadow from the tree outside . there be only one place leave to look . Julia cautiously step down to the floor . sinking down on she knee , she gently lift up the dust ruffle and look into the inky darkness underneath the bed . the space be empty . Julia drop the dust ruffle and sit up , gasping . a black shape be stand behind her . then , a familiar voice come from it . paul hey ... it 's just I . Paul switch on the light . he 's wear a ucla sweatshirt . julia the light would not turn on . paul Works now . Julia catch she breath . the fear finally drain from she . julia where be you ? paul I be cold so I get a sweater from the closet . you look under the bed ? Julia be not quite sure how to answer . julia I think there be something in the room . paul ( skeptical ) something ? like what ? int . cabin - live room - day shrrriiiippp . and I go to she 's embarrassed . pack tape be pull back froma roll . the bathroom . why be Julia finish taping up a cardboard box . Terry be pack some box of she own . terry you think there be a monster in the room ? and you admit it ? julia I do not know what else to say . terry advice . when you do not know what else to say , you lie . julia but I really do hear something . book into another terry you be worse than my boyfriend . Julia look towards the front door . Sam be sit on the porch step , sketching on he pad , oblivious to everything around he . julia he 's in he own world , be not he ? terry that 's a understatement . I have a sink feel that sex be out of the question for this trip . this spark something in Julia . she hesitates , look through a open doorway where Paul can be see pack some clothes . Julia speak to Terry in confidence . julia do you fantasize about other people ? terry if I have not yet , I probably will by the time we be ready to leave . hesitant beat . julia I have be fantasize about a guy . terry anyone we know ? julia blond . good look . Nice body . terry I would like to know that . julia ( hushed ) he have a superman tattoo on he shoulder . Terry 's mouth drop . the girl move closer together . terry julia yes . terry julia terry when do this start ? julia Sam 's party . I walk out of the bathroom and he be change out of he suit . he lose he tie , he shirt ... and then he spot I . terry what do you say ? keep go ? julia I get out of there . but I have be fantasize about he ever since . terry fuck yeah . power to the people . julia but Paul be the perfect boyfriend . top to bottom . he 's gorgeous . he 's smart . he 's gonna be a doctor . terry ( continue ) he never get upset about anything ... julia what the hell be wrong with I ? terry it 's just a fantasy . julia yeah , but when I make love to Paul on grad night ... I think of he . Terry stare . terry wow . julia I know . do not tell Paul about this . I would rather not test the whole " he never get upset about anything " part . terry be you okay ? julia I do not know . I think I be flipping out . see thing in picture . think that there 's a monster in my closet . terry ( rise ) you be be too sensitive . about we wake up with we it . Julia react . julia you closet be open ? terry have to wash my hair without a all - natural conditioner . she walk out . Julia sit quietly in the live room , thought . int . cabin - hallway - day Julia be closet wide open and I be not upset that upset I . leave alone with she own puzzle walk down the hallway . she happen to pass the bathroom door which be slightly open . julia' Pov within the bathroom . the blond student be toweling off . completely naked . the tattoo plainly visible on he shoulder . his eye lock on hers . Julia react , and run straight into Paul . she jump . julia Jesus . you scared I . paul I be sorry . julia it 's okay . I be not look . paul I be go for a run . julia okay . see you when you get back . ( remember ) oh , Paul ? do not leave the closet door open anymore , all right ? paul ( confuse ) huh ? julia the closet . last night . you leave it open . paul I close it after I get my sweatshirt . julia do not . paul serious . I think you open it . julia be not I . a moment . paul well damn , Julia . you monster be not just noisy , he 's also inconsiderate . he kiss she on the cheek and take off . Julia stand alone in the empty hallway , a chill run down she spine . int . bedroom closet - day the door slowly creak open . Julia stand in the doorway , surveying the closet -- a cluttere and claustrophobic space despite its size . clothes drape on hangar . cardboard box stack on shelf . shadows . Julia move inside and pull a string hang from a light bulb which act as a switch . tick-tick . the bulb stay dark . she try again . tick-tick . the light still will not come on . Julia carefully look through some of the clothes . nothing . she kneel down and check the floor . a long creaking behind she . the natural light fade . Julia look over she shoulder , a bit skittish , as the closet door ease back towards the doorjamb . but there 's nobody there . just the faintest hint of a draft . Julia keep search through the clutter . move shoe and box out of the way . search . then , she spot something glitter in the ribbon of light come from the closet doorway . a small object rest in the corner . Julia reach down and pick it up a piece of metal ... small and intricate with erratic marking . twisted and strangely ornate . the shape and texture of the metal be almost completely alien . Julia hold the metal into the light . extremely curious . behind she , a shadow move crash . Julia scream , drop the object and whirling around as a cardboard box smashes down behind she . tumble from one of the shelf above . Old shoe scatter across the floor . Julia catch she breath . heart pound . on the floor , the metal object sparkles in the light . a draft hiss through the open closet door . ext . forest road - day the Range Rover race down the empty road . int . range rover - day Julia sit behind the wheel . her eye intense . she look over at the passenger seat where both she purse and the metal object be locate . ext . santa mira - forest road - day the Range Rover streak out of the wood towards Santa mira . ext . santa mira - library - day Julia walk up the front step lead to the library -- a weathered building that overlook the town square . a banner hang over the front entrance . it read ... welcome to the founder' day fair int . library - reading room - day the stack be desert and still . Julia sit at a read table , flipping through a book , surround by long row of bookshelve . intercut - the book Julia flip from page to page , allow momentary glimpsis of various drawing : vampire , werewolve , witch , a ghastly thing crawl out from under a maiden 's bed . on julia as she put down the book and grab another from a stack on the table . she open it and start paging through . close on - the book as Julia find a draw of a sleep child . just beyond the bed be a open closet door , the horrid face a monster watch the child from within . Julia shiver down to she soul . a familiar feel of late . a slight squeaking catch she attention . she look across the read room to find a young boy ten year old . tow-haired . sitting a few table away but almost directly opposite she . he 's wear a superman shirt . he smile timidly and wave . Julia wave back . a thump behind she . Julia turn and look over she shoulder . she barely catch sight ofa shadow slip across the wall in the stack . the scraping of chair leg against the cold floor . Julia look back towards where the boy be sit . the chair be push back and empty . another thumping in the stack . then silence . a feel of anxiety wash over Julia as she grab some of the book and leave . ext . cabin - night it 's get dark . moonshadow shift across the lawn . int . cabin - live room - night Soft rock seep from a pair of portable compact disc player speaker . Paul remove a lid of grass and some zigzag papers and start to roll a joint . everyone look pretty toast . cardboard box and candle be everywhere . Sam be sit off to himself . he 's still draw on he pad . Julia be read one of the book from the library . julia ( take a hit ) monster . symbol and dream image . now you see , I do not agree with that . I think everything have some kind of physical representation . people can not just come up with this stuff . paul you do a good job last night . Julia hand he the metal object from the closet . julia and this ? what do you make of this ? paul where would you find it ? julia in the closet you do not leave open . terry what 's she talk about ? paul ( wearisome ) my girlfriend believe in the boogeyman . julia I never say it be the boogeyman . maybe it 's some primeval energy that cause a response in human being . this could be the physical representation of that energy . paul Julia . it 's piece of shit . terry I disagree . Julia turn hopefully to Terry -- julia yes ? terry it 's the physical representation of a piece of shit . pot-induce laughter . Julia take back the object . julia you be not be objective about this . have either of you ever be scared ? really scared ? paul I be scared right now that you have smoke too much . julia Paul ... paul okay . sure . I have be really scared . julia like when ? beat . paul maybe when we hit the dog . Sam look unsettle . SAM you mean this ? Sam toss he sketch pad into the center of the floor . everyone lean forward , get a good look at Sam 's detailed draw of -- the animal leg completely flesh out with distinct mechanical part hinge into flesh and bone . almost as accurate as a photograph . SAM ( cont would ) that thing we hit on the road . it be not a dog . it be not some primeval force , either . ( then ) it be a monster . Julia pick up the draw as Paul peer over she shoulder . the picture look particularly unsettle in the flicker firelight . it almost look alive . int . cabin - live room - night it 's late . the fire be dwindling . Terry and Sam have both pass out . Julia relax on the floor , stare at Sam 's draw while rest in Paul 's lap . julia I can not believe Sam draw this . paul I can . he 's be act like a freak . beat . julia you think we could have be wrong ? paul about what ? julia about the dog . maybe the next day when Sam and I go back to the road ... maybe we find the wrong body . paul can we drop this ? please ? julia I just want to know ... paul ( clipped ) stop . julia I just want to know what 's go on . paul nothing 's go on . here , give I the draw . julia I be not do yet . paul you hand be shaking . come on , Julia . give yourself a break . she hand the draw pad to he . Paul put it on the couch . julia we need to talk about this . paul tomorrow . just relax . Paul begin stroking she hair . gently and repeatedly . julia just fora minute . Julia look really tired . she close she eye for a moment as Paul 's steady breathe fill the room . the she open they , turn she head and gaze at ... the blond student ... sitting ina chair . smoke a cigarette . smiling down at she . she crank she head and look deeply into she boyfriend 's eye . he smirk and gently stroke she hair . julia ( cont would ) Nice . paul ( soft ) you be tired . go to sleep . her breathe become more steady . in the distance , a SOUND begin to permeate the cabin the SOUND of machine ... grind and drum like the churn of a large factory . noise , drift over ... dream sequence - a series of shot Quick flash of image which be strung together : ( a ) a turbine drive by a cloud of pump steam . a calming and soothing ( b) the superman tattoo on the blond Student 's shoulder . ( c ) a doberman run across a road . ( d ) a man limping along wear leg brace and use steel crutch . ( e ) a woman 's hand slip over a young man 's bare chest . ( for ) a back brace be lock into place . int . fast food restaurant - bathroom - night ( dream seq . ) the stall door at the far end of the bathroom ease open . int . asylum - snake pit - night ( dream seq . ) there be no SOUND except for the humming of machine . Julia stumble through the snake pit . mental patient stagger around she . many of they be dress like homeless people . stare into space . body twitching and gnaw on they finger . lying in they own urine . Julia look skyward towards a screen that double for a ceiling . Dark figure be stand on the screen , look down at they . a pair of orderlies gently take Julia 's arm and lead she out of the snake pit . Julia look at the wall as she walk . julia' Pov - shadow move across the wall . almost like ripple in water . but the shadow gradually become the grotesque silhouettes of human body part -- arm , legs , head , feet -- hanging and rocking gently from hook int . cabin - live room - day ( dream seq . ) blood trickle down over the superman tattoo . int . fast food restaurant - bathroom - night ( dream seq . ) clawe finger slide around the open stall door . int . asylum - corridor - night ( dream seq . ) a homeless person be have a seizure . propped against the wall . shake horribly . his head and body be entirely cover with brace that form a metal exoskeleton . int . doctor be office - night ( dream seq . ) a gynecology exam . a woman 's leg be hold open by stirrup . a pair of hand protect by rubber glove cruelly insert a large alien- look metal object -- which be nothing but sharp tentacles and angle -- between the leg . intercut - a scream face a woman shriek through rotting tooth and blood . int . asylum - surgical room - night ( dream seq . ) Julia step into the surgical room . the little girl from Sam 's party be rest on a gurney . her small body be clamp down with metal band . her blonde curl drape over the edge . her eye open and stare at nothing . something else lurch into the room . moving in the shadow . a surgeon enclosed in metal brace and holding a pair of alien - looking shear in he hand . the surgeon open the shear over the girl be forehead . Julia try to scream . no sound come out . the shear close . several drop of blood ... then a blonde curl ... hit the tile floor . the SOUND of the machine be interrupt by glass breaking . int . cabin - live room - night Julia lurch awake . Paul and Terry be lie immobile on the floor . hundred of candle have be place throughout the room , bathing the cabin in a dull amber glow . there be no SOUND . Julia start to rise to she foot . her finger graze something sharp . she wince and snatch she finger away from ... a broken wine glass ... Julia discover a small ribbon of blood trickle from she index finger . she suck on it , and notice -- SAM ... sitting behind the couch . his eye be intense as he erase something from he draw pad . Julia walk around he until she can see the sketch . the drawing be julia' portrait . Sam erase the picture , work from the shoulder up . there be still no SOUND . Julia be dumbfounded . she hear a slight noise come from somewhere in the cabin . a small hissing sound . Soft and unobtrusive . Julia look around . the sound seem to come from behind she . but there 's nothing in the room . her friend be still asleep . Sam be concentrate on he draw . more hissing . unmistakable this time . a diminutive scraping , almost like fingernails rake on icy glass , slithering out from a darken hallway . she move towards the sound . int . cabin - hallway - night Julia creep into the hallway until she can barely see the row of bedroom door . all of they be close shut . the scraping sound rise up again . much closer . behind one of the bedroom door . beckone . Julia reach out for the doorknob . int . cabin - bedroom - night the door open . Julia 's stomach rise into she throat . terror flood she face . resting on the bed be a body bag . so smear with blood that the corpse inside isn't visible except for its massive bulk . something scratch on the body bag from inside . Julia 's body go rigid . she can not force herself to move . the body bag be slowly unzipped from the inside . stretching down the length of the plastic until the bag be wide OPEN . the corpse inside be still hidden . as if draw by some alien force , Julia move to the bed . her entire body be shaking . she reach out and carefully peel back the plastic . resting within the body bag be the little girl . eye puffed shut . Hair slicked with blood . her skin be livid . her face be ghostly white and smear with crimson gore . Julia be freeze in place . heart pound . terrify . the girl eye blink OPEN as she shriek bloody murder . int . cabin - live room - morning Julia be startle awake and groggily look around the room . Paul and Terry be still in the process of get up . paul look who 's up . ( smile ) you sleep well ? Julia stare back . she look pretty freak . paul ( cont would ) uh-oh . terry I do not sleep well either . I dreamt that all this cockroach be eat my leg . paul you want to trade ? right before I wake up , my head explode and all this snake come out . terry where 's Sam ? paul probably go to bed . Terry nod as she rise to she foot . terry I need a hairbrush . and a facial . she stumble into the hallway . Paul turn to Julia . paul you have nightmare too ? julia worst one I have have in a long time . I think I be hallucinate . Paul wince and rub he temple . julia ( cont would ) what 's wrong ? paul headache . I will be fine . Terry briskly walk out the hallway . she look alarmed . terry you guy . something 's wrong . int . cabin - hallway - day the group walk towards one of the bedroom door . terry it 's Sam . I can not get the door open . Paul try the doorknob . the door will not budge . Paul knock . paul Sam , open up . no answer . he pound harder . paul ( cont would ) Sam ? terry he will not answer . julia maybe he can not answer . Paul shove hard against the door . but it still will not give . paul what about the bathroom door ? it connect to you room . terry I try it . it 's lock . Paul turn the doorknob and throw all he weight against the door , try he best to bust it down . no such luck . paul ( voice rise ) Sam ? he try again and again . whoomph ! .... whoomph ! .... whoomph ! the door inch open . just a crack . paul ( cont would ) help I out with this . Paul and Julia push on the door , force it wider . int . cabin - guest bedroom - day Paul struggle through the aperture , slip underneath a mattress that 's be place against the door , and stumble into the room . the bedroom be a disaster area . clothes and smashed glass cover the floor . mirror have be shattered . most of the furniture and portion of the bed have be pile in front of the door , create a almost impassible barricade . the window billow in the breeze . Julia and Terry make they way into the room . stupefy . paul careful of the glass . do not step on it . total silence . the group stare at the room . take it in . julia what happen ? be wide open , the curtain try to comprehend it . paul ( freeze ) you get I . ext . wood - walking trail - day Paul and Terry be walk along the trail . search . terry ( call ) Sam ? no reply . her word sound hollow in the empty forest as they keep move , pass behind huge pine tree that obscure they from view . a soft breeze rise up and hiss through the tree . int . cabin - guest bedroom - day Julia be clean the mess in the room . she 's just finish toss a few shard of break glass into a garbage bag when she flinch and draw she index finger back . the finger have a scab on it . exactly where she cut it in the dream . dried blood mark the wound . int . cabin - live room - day Terry look beside herself . Paul and Julia be seat . julia he must have get out through the window . that 's the only thing I can figure . terry we have to call the police . julia you look everywhere ? paul everywhere near the cabin . but we can not cover every square inch of forest out there . terry he might be sick . he might need help . julia TI can not understand why he would do something like this . paul he be act nut . really nut . terry ( impatient ) I need a phone . paul wait . I have get my cell . Paul fish the cell phone out of he pocket . he hand it to she . and the phone ring . almost on cue . Terry glance over at she friend , terry hello ? ( beat ) Julia and Paul sit up in they seat . terry ( cont would ) where be you ? ... no , where be you ? ... ( beat ) how do you get there ? ... then click the receiver . Terry hurriedly grab a pen . she start write on a pad . terry ( cont would ) just a minute . I be write it down . market Street . the ramada . I think I know where it be . ( beat ) Sam , what 's go on ? what happen ? ... ( then ) Sam ? ... SAM ? she hang up the phone . paul where be he ? terry San Francisco . julia what ? terry I do not know . he want I to meet he . my brother have a apartment up there . out of town , but I have a spare key . beat . julia you still want to call the police ? I guess I could stay there . he 's silence . Terry do not respond to this . outside a open window , the wind hiss through the tree . ext . bus depot - night a empty bus station consist of a single room with a clerk sit behind the front desk . Julia and Paul be sit on a pair of chair , wait patiently . Terry be use a phone booth outside . she hang up and walk into the depot . julia do you get he parent ? terry it be the wrong number . julia do not Sam give you that number ? terry maybe I write it down wrong . Terry wince a bit . she massage she leg . paul be you okay ? terry my leg be kill I . julia you sure you do not want we to drive you ? terry Nah . you have to stick around for the mover . I will be fine . the bus arrive in front of the depot . terry ( cont would ) there 's my ride . Terry grab she suitcase . Julia hand she a slip of paper . julia this be Paul 's cell number . you call we . let we know what happen . terry I just need to talk to he . do not call the police or anything until I have have a chance to do that . julia okay . terry thanks . Terry hug Julia . Paul give she a quick kiss on the cheek . paul remember . call terry I will . carry she suitcase , Terry back toward the door , smile sadly at Julia and Paul as she open it . terry ( cont would ) it will be okay . everything 's okay . her voice resonate with desperate hope rather than confidence . she leave the depot . Paul place he arm around Julia as they watch the bus leave the station , trail smoke . int . cabin - live room - day Julia be clean up . she kneel down and pick up some of the melt candle and beer bottle . Paul walk into room hold a break picture frame . paul I talk to the mover . julia why do not they show up ? paul the company have no record of the order . beat . julia what ? paul I know . it 's crazy . julia be they come now ? paul it will take they a while to work we into the schedule -- get a van out here to pick up everything . julia how long ? paul Three day . julia ( exhaust ) shit . Paul hold out the mangle frame . paul I also find this in the guest bedroom . Sam knock one of the pack box over . this be inside . Julia take a look at the frame . it 's the same picture from she room of herself with she mother . the break glass have tear the photograph . paul ( cont would ) I be not sure if you want to keep it . julia no . I have get one . beat . julia ( cont would ) you know this be the only picture I have of my mother ? ( beat ) she be always take picture of we , but we never get any of she . ( emotional ) if I do not have this , I could not prove that I have a mother . paul that 's not true . another beat . julia I be so worried about Sam . Julia drown in she thought . Paul touch she cheek . paul let 's get outta here . julia ( smile ) good idea . paul I will get my key . Paul walk out . Julia place the frame on the coffee table . she notice something on the floor . Julia squint . it 's a small object rest in the corner ++. almost hide from view . Julia reach into the shadow and pick up ... another piece of metal with strange marking . exactly like the one from the closet . Julia stare at the object in she palm . surprise . julia ( to herself ) where be this come from ? ext . santa mira - park - day a warm summer afternoon . the entire town have congragate in a park with a breathtaking view of the ocean . music and noise . a huge banner drape over the street read santa mira celebrate the 45 th annual founder' day festival Julia navigate she way past the booth and thrill ride that have be erect on the lawn . she watch some passersby . julia' Pov ... as a mother talk on a cell phone while she six year - old daughter tug at she sleeve . try to get she attention . the mother keep push the child away as she talk . Julia observe this scene until she hear ... woman' voice ( 0.8 . ) I be you mother . Julia step out of the crowd . search for the voice . a homeless woman be shadow a college - age girl walk with she boyfriend . they be try to ignore she . homeless woman I be you mother ... I be you mother ... I be you mother ... the couple walk faster . the homeless woman be leave behind . homeless woman ( cont would ) ( futile ) I be you mother Julia stare helplessly . ext . park -— carousel - day spin merrily in the center of the park . Bright light . loud calliope music . Young kid and teenager occupy the horse and bench . Julia slowly walk towards the carousel , snap picture of the child and whirling light . behind she , the sound of a scream child rise above the music and laughter . she turn and find a two year old baby sit on she father 's shoulder , cry and point at -- the young blond boy ... wearing he blue superman shirt . he 's sit on a swing set by himself . sad and alone . he make eye contact with Julia . wave timidly . she smile at he and wave back . close on : the carousel gear turn . the pole spearing the horse rise and fall into the floor . the platform rotate near the grass . the calliope music become the humming of machine . ext . santa mira - park - night Julia be wander through a maze of shoot gallery . she search through the crowd of teenager and child at the booth . finally , she locate ... paul ... approach she with a large teddy bear under he arm . julia where do you go ? paul basketball toss . I win this for you . Julia smile at the bear . julia you sure you want to give he up ? paul ( nice smile ) I think he would crowd my barbie collection . Julia kiss he . he kiss she back and wince in pain . julia you okay ? paul head still hurt . julia need some aspirin ? paul already take some . I will be okay . Paul notice that they have wander into a row of psychic and tarot card booths . paul ( cont would ) hey , look . want to get you palm read ? julia as long as you be feel up to it . paul I be . come on . Julia spot another booth with a sign overhead : " the past through possession . " julia just a minute . you go to the palm reader . I want to check out this one . paul " the past through possession ? " ( unimpress ) scam city . julia and palm read be not ? she 's get he there . paul all right . I will meet you over there . julia thanks . she kiss he quickly . they split up . ext . palm reader's booth - night Paul approach the booth . a African - american woman in she mid-forty , counter . loose tess , sit behind the and upbeat . wearing more color in she clothing than even a rainbow could provide . paul can you read my palm ? she grin . tess you get five buck ? ext . psychic booth - night Julia walk to the front counter of the booth . a pair of woman be sit behind the counter , but the one who stick out be rosemary , sixty , psychic and clairvoyant . she wear a purple kaftan which barely hide she weakness for ice cream and cookie . rosemary can we help you , honey ? julia you can tell I thing just by hold something of mine . right ? rosemary absolutely . I have a perfect track record . I find two miss child in the spring of ' 74 , and help the state police catch a murderer in ' 81 . julia wow . that 's amazing . rosemary ( sourly ) my grandchild be not quite as impressed . ( a little brighter ) what do you want I to look at ? Julia reach into she pocket and gently place something on the counter in front of Rosemary . the metal object from the closet and the live room . ext . palm reader's booth - night tess take Paul 's hand . tess so what do you want to know ? paul it 's kinda stupid . but I sorta want to know about my dad . if I should see he . tess ( knowingly ) you and you father do not get along . paul no. tess something happen ? paul my parent get divorced when I be sixteen . I get into a fight with he . Said some stuff . he bow he head a little . a tough subject for he . tess let 's take a look ... tess cock she head a little to the side . she look confuse . tess ( cont would ) ( soft ) I will be damned . paul what 's wrong ? tess well kid , you might be the first person to make I hang up my fortune tell degree . usually the palm make sense , and this one do not . paul how do you mean ? tess accord to this , you do not exist . off Paul , he face turn white . ext . psychic booth - night Rosemary handle one of the metal object , watch she as she go through this ritual . rosemary this be interesting . julia let I guess . they come from a vacuum cleaner , beat . rosemary machine . turn it over in she palm . Julia right ? julia Excuse I ? rosemary this come from a machine . but not a household appliance . julia where do it come from ? Rosemary turn the object over in she palm . over and over . rosemary something that be alive . Julia lean forward in she seat . julia but you just say it come from a machine . rosemary I know . julia so how can a machine be alive ? rosemary I do not make the news . I just report it . julia I find the larger one inside of a closet . do you know how it get there ? Rosemary continue meditate . turn the object over between she finger . stare at it . gradually , she fall into a trance . her breathe slow . rosemary we shed we part . julia what ? rosemary and we skin . julia I be sorry . what be you talk about ? Rosemary be oblivious to anything around she . rosemary but they need to be replace . some of the part we can find . ( beat ) other need to be harvest . the other psychic seat next to Rosemary throw she a curious glance as she count up some money . rosemary ( cont would ) we will wait on the side of the road . until one of the machine come . ( beat ) one of we will be sacrifice . skin be inside . ( softer ) we can use they part . Paul walk up . paul Julia ? she motion for he to be quiet . rosemary we stop the machine . but there be more of the that will stop the machine . then we can take whatever skin than we think ... paul Julia . let 's take off . julia hold on . rosemary we must wait . more of we be need to capture they . paul what 's she talk about ? julia wait just a minute . please . beat . the object continue turn in she hand ... and turn ... and turn ... and turn rosemary there be more of we now . we have surround they . but they be leave too quickly . paul Julia ? .. and turn ... rosemary we will follow they . we will watch they . ( beat ) we will take they as the need for part become necessary ... paul ( louder ) Julia ? the wind gently hiss through the booth 's tent . rosemary maybe we will only take one ... ( beat ) maybe we will take another ... and another ... and another ... and another ... a sudden gust of wind rise through the tent as ... the power fail throughout the park . light start go out in section until the entire fair be pitch black . the sound of mumble and confusion seethes from the crowd . Julia rise out of she chair . Paul take she into she arm as child can be hear crying throughout the park . above they , the wind hiss through the tree . ext . cabin - driveway - night Julia sit on the porch . Paul be stretch out on the grass look up at the star . paul so the power go out . that do not mean anything . julia do you hear what she say ? paul julia she be talk about the accident . the night you hit that thing on the road . she know about that . paul Julia , a psychic tell you some random shit and then let you make sense out of it . julia she say it be wait for we . paul oh sure . a animal be wait for we to come along and run it down . what be the explanation ? rotten home life ? be it take prozac ? julia it want to stop the car . paul why ? julia something about need part . paul if it need part , it should not have commit suicide . julia she say there be more of they . paul who care what she say ? it do not mean anything . julia but it 's not just that . Julia 's voice become soft . as if she be tell a secret . julia ( cont would ) I have also have this feel . ever since Sam disappear . I can not shake it . paul what be it ? julia I feel like something 's miss . paul something ? julia I do not know . it 's on the tip of my tongue . that morning , something 's not right . like here paul right . Sam . julia I just feel like ever since we wake up there 's someone who should be it 's not Sam . ( then ) do that palm reader say anything strange to you . Paul hesitates . he look back at the night sky . paul beat . julia can I use you phone ? int . levin house - live room - night anything at all ? a traditional home . the phone ring and connor come charge down the stair . he answer it . connor hello ? int . cabin - bedroom - night - intercut Julia be sit on the couch . julia connor . it 's Julia . connor oh . I think you be someone else . julia Nice to hear you voice too . connor you have fun ? julia ( understate ) not exactly . connor I get my psat 's back . 720 verbal . 690 math . you think that 's good enough to get into Berkeley ? julia you will get in . listen , be dad there ? connor no. julia well could you leave he a message ? connor uh-huh . julia tell he that the mover do not come , so I will be here a few more day . tell he that I have some stuff of Mom 's that he might want . connor okay . julia do not forget . connor Jesus . show a little faith . when have I ever forget something ? int . darkroom — day a piece of develop paper be slip into the tray basin . Julia gently rock the basin back and forth . a picture start to manifest on the paper . int . cabin - bathroom - day Paul splashes he face with water . he look worse than he do the night before . weaker . he grab some aspirin from the medicine cabinet . int . darkroom — day Julia lean forward to get a better view of the develop picture . a image be slowly form -- carousel horse , the vague outline of pole and child . int . cabin - bedroom - day Paul be shirtless and do one - armed push-up . his muscle churn . his body rise and fall like a piston . int . darkroom — day the picture have come into view . the carousel . the child laugh as they ride the horse . and something else ... a irregularity . a dark form in the center of the carousel . int . cabin - bedroom - day closer on Paul 's arm as he do push -up , sweat bead on he biceps , muscle rippling . the SOUND of machine pulsate and segues into ... int . darkroom — day Julia take the picture out of the develop basin . we move into the photo - there's a dark shape stand in the middle of the carousel . blurred and indistinct . almost like a silhouette or a shadow . except that it's waving at the camera . int . cabin - live room - day Paul be sit on the couch , wear a ucla cross country tank top and tie he shoe . Julia enter from the basement . she 's carry a stack of develop picture . julia Paul , you have to see this . the picture come out , but there 's something really strange in the middle of it . just like the other one of the shed . he look at the picture . paul look like someone on the carousel . julia but there 's no feature . it 's like a shadow . paul so there be not enough light . Paul rub he forehead . Julia be genuinely concerned . julia what 's the matter ? paul my head feel worse . julia maybe you should lie down . paul I have to go run . julia no you do not . paul of course I do . you body 's like a machine . it need upkeep . julia not when you be physically ill . paul I will be okay . julia Paul ... paul I will be okay . ( about the picture ) be that it ? julia not exactly . ( beat ) when I see this picture , I decide to look at the other one . just for comparison 's sake . paul so ? Julia take out another photograph . julia I pull this one by mistake . the picture of that little girl from the party . she hand he the picture . julia ( cont would ) look . Paul 's face collapse into slack disbelief . the little girl have disappeared from the photo . vanished . Paul turn to Julia as she look into he eye with a mixture of fear and apprehension . julia ( cont would ) what 's go on ? this time , he do not have a answer . ext . wood - walking trail - day murky and still . a few shaft of sunlight permeate the gloom . Paul be jogging along the trail , keep a steady pace , the sound of the forest all around he . ext . creek bridge - day the trail snake towards a wooden bridge that span over a trickle creek . Paul run across , the sole of he sneaker slapping on creak wood . he move deeper into the wood . ext . wood - trail - day a lonely part of the wood where almost all the daylight be block out by the tree . Paul jog along the trail when he slow to a halt , sweaty and out of breath . his skin be pale . his limb be shiver . Paul cradle he head , shutting he eye , suffer from obvious pain . paul ( very soft ) oh God .... make it stop ... he start walk forward again . very slowly . a slight tinkling sound as he kick something at he foot . his eye blink open as he look down ... there be several piece of metal littering the trail . almost like nut and bolt , but alien in there design . Paul reach down and pick one of the bolt up . Studies it . he keep walk , follow more piece of metal that lead off the footpath . ext . forest - day a darker spot enclose by pine tree . a few bird be sing overhead . Paul enter the forest , push back branch , follow the trail of discard metal until he freeze ... he eye stare directly ahead at ... clump of black skin ... hanging from branch . scatter on the ground . like the skin of a snake which have be shed . Paul be completely unsettle . he kneel down , pick up a flap of skin from the ground , peel it away from a steel rod drip with ooze slime . hold it up . it 's still black in color but almost transparent in the murky light . the wind hiss through the tree , muss Paul 's hair . Paul drop the piece of skin on the ground . the bird abruptly stop sing in unison . the wind cease . Paul look around the forest . the sudden quiet have get he spook . his arm and leg stiffen . Paul can not even bring himself to move or breathe ... until something drop on he shoulder ... Paul freak and whirl around , grab he shoulder to find a piece of skin cling to he . he rip it off and sprint for the footpath . ext . wood - footpath - day Paul sprint out of the forest , run with blind speed and adrenaline . he do not look back . behind he , the wind hiss through the tree again . int . cabin - live room - day Julia come up from the basement . she hear coughing come from the bathroom . int . bathroom - night Julia enter the bathroom . Paul be retching and cough into the toilet . Hair plaster to he forehead . pale as death . shake badly . julia Paul ? what 's wrong ? paul ( feeble ) sick . she go to he . rub he shoulder as he cough again . julia oh baby ... Julia brushes the hair from he forehead . she freeze . just above he temple be a scab . no bigger than the head of a eraser . identical to the one on Julia 's finger . julia ( cont would ) Paul ? where do this come from ? paul what ? julia this scab . Julia run she finger over the scab . Paul immediately reel from she touch , pain shoot through he head , furious . paul jesus ! fuck ! Julia be shocked by the severity of he reaction . julia I be sorry . Paul hold he head tight . almost near tear . Fighting pain . paul just do not touch it . julia how long have it be there ? paul ever since my head start to hurt . ( then ) I think I be hallucinate . julia what do you see ? paul skin ... like it be shed ... and all of this metal piece ... Julia be terribly concerned now . his description frighten she , but she maintain a visage of calm . julia do you want to see a doctor ? I know there 's one in Santa mira . paul I can see a doctor in Los Angeles . ( then ) look , I want to get out of here , okay ? let 's go home . beat . julia okay . she squeeze he shoulder and walk into -- int . cabin - bedroom - day Julia pull out they duffle bag and suitcase . Paul 's cell phone ring on the table . Julia snatch up the phone and answer . julia hello ? ... yes ? ( then ) wait a minute .+. slow down , I can not understand what you be say ... complete astonishment storm Julia 's face . Paul wander in . paul who be it ? julia it 's Terry . something go wrong . ext . san francisco - establishing - day gloomy and overcast . Storm cloud be brewing . ext . san francisco - STREET - day the Range Rover pull down a crowded street . int . range rover - day Julia be sit behind the wheel . navigate traffic . Paul sit on the passenger side , lean against the window , he face against the glass . somber and weak . through the press windshield the twisted remain of a car accident have bring everything to a near standstill . Police be everywhere . a ambulance be park along the curb , light flash . Julia lean forward to get a better look . julia' Pov a teen accident victim press a white towel against he thigh . blood gush from it . a huge metal rod stick out of he leg . ext . san francisco - STREET - day the Range Rover move past the shred car involved in the accident . twisted metal cover the street . ext . pacific height - late afternoon summer rain be fall . thunder roll overhead . the Rover pull up to the sidewalk , directly in front of a extremely opulent upper - class house . int . range rover - late afternoon Julia turn to Paul who sit silently in the passenger seat . he do not move . julia sure you do not want to come with I ? paul I be too sick . I need to stay someplace . julia I be worried about leave you here . paul ( shrug ) it 's not like he will disown I . julia I know . paul and I really need he right now . more thunder . Julia kiss he cheek . julia I be take the cell phone . you call I . paul promise . julia see a doctor . paul I will . Paul open the passenger door and step out into the rain . the house . then , she pull away from the curb . int . pacific height residence - foyer - late afternoon Julia watch he approach a nice house . large and affluent . the doorbell chime . a few moment pass before a sullen figure arrive at the front door and pull it open , revealing ... paul stand on the front porch . his wet hair plaster to he forehead , rain stream off he cheek , he handsome face turn pallid and colorless . he manage a sheepish smile . paul dad . stand at the door be a man in he mid-fifty , mr. loomis . a severe presence with a sour and weathered face . he stare at Paul without any sign of emotion . Paul notice the slight . he press onward . a bit haltingly . still hopeful and try to connect . paul ( cont would ) I be hope we could talk ... ( beat ) I know we have not do much of that recently , but still ... ( beat ) I be hope . beat . paul ( cont would ) I be in a lot of trouble . I be get sick ... and I be hope ... ( beat ) I be hope you could help . Paul be have difficulty speak . he 's almost reduce to tear as he stand in the cold , sting rain . paul ( cont would ) I want to come home . please dad . ( desperate ) please let I come home . a moment of silence . paul ( cont would ) please ? his father stand steely eye . his voice be icy and distant . mr . loomis I do not know you . Paul be devastate . he can barely utter a sound . paul I be you son . agonize beat . mr . loomis I do not have a son . ( then ) I do not know you . he slowly close the door . Paul begin weep openly . paul dad ... the door be shut in he face . nothing can be hear except for the rain fall outside . ext . san francisco - market - late afternoon Julia be stand near the entrance . wait patiently . a figure across the street catch Julia 's attention -- a homeless man stumbling down the sidewalk , talk to himself , shaking a rattle . voice ( 0.8 . ) Julia ? Julia turn around , search , not immediately recognize the figure that briskly approach she -- it 's Terry . but she once perfect appearance have become harsh and draw . her blonde hair have be color dark brown . there be sagging circle under she eye . her skin be colorless . she move quickly . nervously . Julia be shocked . julia Terry ? Terry 's hand tremble . terry I be glad you come . you do not have any idea how scared I have be . julia why do you change you hair ? Terry be about to answer when a baby start cry in the market . fear take control of she face . terry we can not stay here . julia why ? terry where be you park ? julia on the street . terry good . if we keep move , they might have trouble tracking we . Terry take Julia 's arm and lead she out of the market . ext . san francisco - STREET - continuous Terry be move at a swift pace . she keep look back over she shoulder as Julia try to keep up . rain drench they . julia what the hell be go on ? where 's Sam ? terry he 's dead . this almost send Julia reeling . her mouth fall open . julia what ? terry there 's three thing you should remember . Three thing . julia what happen to Sam ? terry first , whenever you see a baby or a kid cry , keep move . that 's you warning . julia warning against who ? terry second , they Children can sense they . can control anything electrical or mechanical . lamp . Cars . phone . julia Terry , you be not make any sense . terry third -- they can change thing . they can make you disappear . julia tell I what happen to Sam . terry I be tell you . ( terrify ) they take he . they make he disappear . Julia stop walk . speechless . ext . san francisco - coffee house - late afternoon a young college student be type on he powerbook , oblivious to the transient sit on the sidewalk , head bury in he knee , a sign at he foot read " help I . " close on the powerbook . a soft whirring noise seeping from the computer as the student type . the whirring become the humming of machine . the Range Rover appear on the street and move past . terry ( v.0 . ) they take away you identity . people stop remember you . you place in society vanish . int . range rover - san francisco - moving Julia be behind the wheel . Terry be devour a cigarette . terry that 's how they get you . by make people not even care about you anymore . julia do you try Sam 's parent ? do you get the right number this time ? terry the number I call at the bus station be he parent . ( cryptic ) we do not hit a dog on the road . julia but I see it . terry they switch body . julia who be " they ? " a cult ? killer ? Terry start laugh to herself . tear welling in she eye . hopeless . terrify . terry you have no idea . no idea what you be deal with . ( then ) they do not even belong here . they be like ... like machine . that 's what Sam say . like machine with all this skin and move part . julia they're machine ? terry monster . they be monster , Julia . Julia stop at a light . a young guy cross the street in front of they . he 's just a yuppie with a cell phone . but Terry stiffen in she seat , watch he suspiciously . then , almost as a aside , he wink at she . terry ( cont would ) drive . julia I can not . there 's a red . terry then make a right . just keep drive . Julia be grow frighten by Terry 's paranoia . ext . san francisco - STREET - late afternoon the Rover make a right turn and cruise down another block . int . range rover - late afternoon Terry keep she eye rivete on the people on the sidewalk . she 's practically in tear . terry remember when we hit that thing with the car ? ( hushed ) it be not a accident . it be a set-up . they plan it all along . julia how do you know this ? terry Sam tell I . he figure everything out . julia why be they come after we ? what do they want with we ? terry they have flesh and metal part in they body . sometimes they shed what they do not need . but other part keep get wear out or lose . so they take people constantly to get new part . julia ( soft ) that 's not possible . terry they wear the skin . that 's why you do not notice they . half of the time they be wear people 's skin . or they be hide in dark place . alley . closet . Julia be horrify . julia Terry ... please stop . terry they take other part too . whatever they need . they be scavenger . no sense of compassion . no remorse . julia I do not believe this . terry that 's why they come after we . they get joey first . at the cabin . Julia be dumbfounded . julia joey ? terry that 's what Sam see . that 's why he leave . he wake up and get a look at they -- at what they be do to joey ... julia Terry ... terry strip he ... take he skin off ... Julia pull over to the curb and stop . julia who be joey ? what be you talk about ? terry ( amaze ) you do not remember ? julia terry there be five of we . he come up in he own car . he be always wear the same thing for Christ sake . julia there be only four of we . you. me. Paul . Sam . Terry be shaking now . complete fright . terry they get to you . they get to you . julia nobody get to I . Paul 's best friend -- they Terry start collect she thing . terry look , could you drop I off at my brother 's apartment ? I need to pick up some thing before I go to the airport . julia where be you go ? terry to see my parent . julia you can not just leave . Terry start weep . grabbing she leg and squeezing they . terry they put thing in my leg so they can track I . it hurt . julia ( very concerned ) Terry ? what can I do to help you ? Terry take she hand . her eye plead . terry remember I . please remember I . from the street outside the car , the sound of a toddler crying can be hear . Terry 's head snap around . she stare out the windshield at the scream child . terry ( cont would ) they find I again . before Julia can react , Terry bolt from the car . julia Terry ! Julia pursue . ext . san francisco - STREET - late afternoon Julia push and shove she way along the sidewalk . Terry be run like a madwoman . pure unabate terror . Terry rush down into a subway entrance . Julia follow . int . subway station - late afternoon people be crowded on the platform , wait as a bart train rush into the station . the door open . passenger move off the train . other get on . Julia rush down the stair and push past the arrive commuter . there 's no sign of Terry . Julia keep search . look right . then leave . finally , she spot Terry board the bart train . julia Terry ! wait ! Julia rush forward , squirming through the crowd , until she reach the door just as they slam close . she look through the window , try to find Terry amongst the crowd inside . the train start to move . stand at one of the train 's passenger window , he face and palm press against the glass , be -- the blond boy in the superman shirt . stare directly at she . Dark circle around he eye . he smile at Julia . he teeth be made of metal . Julia stand thunderstruck . the boy in the window move past . the train shoot into the await tunnel . Julia be leave stand freeze and immobile on the platform . near the subway entrance , a homeless man with hook for hand be convulse as he sit against the wall . eye wide open . shake horribly and stare at nothing . int . apartment build - upstair hallway - night quiet and dimly light . several of the light be burnt out , leave the hallway drown in shadow . the elevator door open . Terry exit and move quickly down the hallway . her face be terrify . sick . she arrive at a apartment . Terry fumble with she key . a soft thumping in the hallway . deep and hollow . Terry spin around , the key jingling in she hand . nothing there . the hall appear to be empty and dark . one of the light overhead be flicker and buz softly , provide scant illumination . she take a step back ... a soft tinkling sound at she foot . Terry look down to find a few piece of metal littering the floor . nut and bolt . rod . alien in design . Terry 's paranoia rise to a fever pitch . she turn the key in the lock . open the front door . int . apartment - live room - night Terry shut the door . lock it . switch on the light . drop she keys and cell phone on a coffee table . she move briskly into -- int . apartment - bedroom - night a open suitcase on the bed . Terry snatch up a plane ticket and jam the ticket folder into she purse . slam the suitcase close . int . apartment - live room - continuous Terry leave the bedroom , carry the suitcase , and walk straight towards the front door . she collect she key and she cell phone from the table . the light in the apartment simultaneously go out . Terry be catch entirely off guard . she spin around to face the live room . nobody 's there . nothing . something bang at the front door . a steady pounding . the banging goe on for a few second and then stop dead . Terry 's breathe quicken . she put the suitcase down . a crack of thunder reverberate outside . move with the cautious step of a small child , she walk towards the front door . Foot by foot . the only sound be she frightened breathing . she arrive at the peephole and look out into the empty hall . something stare back at her through the peephole . move right in front of the door . one of its yellow eye pierce through ... surround by midnight skin pierce with metal bolt and rod . terry scream her lung out . the door rattle like it 's go to break off its hinge . something slam repeatedly against the wood . Terry tear through the apartment , foot pounding . she rush into the bedroom . the front door in the live room break OPEN . int . apartment - bedroom - continuous Terry slam the bedroom door and lock it . back away towards the bed , when ... a hand reach out from under it ... grabbing hold of she ankle . fuse together from rotting flesh , human part , and metal piece . Terry pitch forward , scream , fall to she hand and knee . the hand start drag she under the bed . Terry kick and claw on the floor . somehow manage to free herself from the hand 's grip . she go for the window and pull it open . step outside . the entire bed be overturned and toss aside . ext . apartment build - FIRE escape - night Terry be immediately drench by the storm . the door within she bedroom can be hear crashing OPEN , follow by a roaring unlike anything on this earth . Terry rush down the fire escape , feet banging dead in she track when she notice -- several figure stand in the alley far below . look up at she . a sound rise on the metal wait . step . but she stop up behind she . the SOUND of footstep banging down the FIRE escape in pursuit . terry ( horrify ) oh God ... Terry desperately go to a window . she pull it open , banging footstep right behind her . int . apartment step inside , the build - hallway - night the apartment floor be be renovate . plastic tarp cover the door and window . Terry race through the hallway , scream wildly as she pound on the door . terry help I ! please help !!! Terry rocket around the corner . she press the elevator door button frantically . the sound of croaking and hissing fill the hallway . the elevator door slide open . Terry lunge into the elevator , hit for the lobby , then start beat frenziedly on the door close button . several shadow appear in the hallway . get closer . Terry scream wildly and keep pound the button . the bizarre hissing become a frightful roar just as ... the elevator door pull shut . close on the unseen thing in the int . elevator - night the car start go down . floor light blink above the door . Terry punch out 9 - 1 - 1 on the cell phone 's keypad . through the receiver . only static . terry hallway . nothing come come on ... come on ... she dial again . more static over the cell phone . Terry have start cry in anguish when the elevator come to a abrupt halt . the door stay close . Terry look above the elevator door . the floor light read -- with bn ( basement ) Terry start press for the lobby . the elevator will not move . she press the " door open " button , the alarm button , anything at all . nothing respond . terry ( cont would ) help ! somebody ! help I !!! nothing . futile silence . she 's about to try dial on the cell phone again , when ... whump . a heavy thudding sound above the elevator car roof . the light overhead flicker like a candle . Terry gaze at the fail light , then track she eye towards the trap door in the roof . a few more hollow thump . Terry be petrify . she take a step backward . the light flash off and on again ... create a strobe light effect . behind she , the elevator door silently pull open . Terry 's gaze be still focuss on the ceiling trap door . behind she , the basement be pitch black . she continue move backwards towards the open elevator door step after step , completely unaware ... until something leap out of the dark and grab her . in the moment it take to draw a breath and scream , it 's already over . the light go out . int . apartment build - upstair hallway - night the lobby be vacant and terribly still . the elevator door remain close , a few thumping sound come from the shaft far below . then nothing . ext . san francisco - STREET - night the sound of a phone line ringing . Julia be sit inside of the park Range Rover , the cell phone press against she ear . man' voice ( from phone ) hello ? julia hello ... be this Mr. alba ? man yes . julia I be sorry to call you so late ... man ( overlap ) who be this ? julia this be Julia levin . we meet a few day ago at graduation . I be a friend of Terry 's . beat . man who ? julia Terry . you daughter ? more silence . julia ( cont would ) hello ? man I do not have a daughter . julia Excuse I ? man you must have the wrong number . julia ( beat ) no , this be the right number ... click ! the man hang up the phone on the other line . julia ( cont would ) hello ? Julia stare at the cell phone in stunne confusion , until a sharp pain course through she hand . she flinch and nearly drop the phone . Julia check she prick finger . the wound have grown . a infect red spot with a open hole in the center . the skin actually seem to be rotting around it , allow the wound to expand like a sinkhole . int . corner market - night a small box of aspirin be take from the shelf . Paul tighten he fist around the box , shutting he eye , fight the excruciate the pain in he head . he take a deep breath and move to the register . cashier need anything else ? paul ( weak ) the cashier ring he up . cashier four thirty -two . Paul flip open he wallet . his face drop into shock . there 's nothing inside he wallet . no credit card . no money . no driver 's license . a thing . cashier ( cont would ) something wrong ? Paul can barely speak . paul not um ... I must have bring the wrong wallet . sorry . Paul walk out of the store . ext . corner store - night Paul stop outside , run he finger through he hair , digging they into he skull . paul ( shaking he head ) that 's not possible ... that 's not possible ... a shape grab he shoulder . Paul spin around . a homeless bag lady stand behind he . plead eye . dishevel and cake with grime . she hold up the droop sleeve where a hand once be . bag lady help I . they take my hand . Paul stumble back . horrify . bag lady ( cont would ) ( weep ) they take my hand ... Paul turn and start run . faster than he 's ever run in he life . disappear down the dark street . ext . san francisco - coffee shop - night small and trendy . Young clientele . int . coffee shop - night Julia sit at a empty booth . stare at various black and white photograph of graduation . the four friend be sit together on the back porch , smile for the camera . she squeeze she finger to help numb the pain , she mind turn . julia ( to herself ) joey ... ( then ) Terry , what be you talk about ? Julia flip to another photograph . a picture of Julia , Paul , Sam , and Terry on the ucla campus . dress for graduation . Julia shake she head . her eye be lock on the face of she friend . julia ( cont would ) there 's four of we . there 's only four of we . beat . she study the picture ... beat . Julia sit up in she chair . a revelation cross she face . julia ( cont would ) whisper ) who take the picture ? Julia look like she 's fall into a deep hole . her mind be racing for answer . flashback : int . cabin - live room - day julia I have be fantasize about a guy . terry anyone we know ? flashback : ext . cabin - front driveway - night the blond student sit back on the hood of a sport car . the tattooe " insignia visible on he shoulder . terry ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) there be five of we . he come up in he own car . flashback : ext . sam' house - garden - day < = " " b= " " > style= " text-transform : none " > Paul smile he killer grin at Julia . wearing he white shirt and gold and blue stripe tie . terry ( v.0 . ) he be Paul 's best friend -- flashback : int . sam' house - bedroom - day the blond student loosen he gold and blue stripe tie from he white shirt collar as he undress . terry ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) -- they always wear the same thing for Christ sake . int . coffee shop - night close on Julia 's horrified face . julia ( completely lose ) no flashback : int . sam' house - bedroom - day the blond student stand half - naked in front of Julia . holding a pair of rip jeans . julia ( cont would ) I be sorry . I be just use the ( laugh ) really . I be sorry . student I will forgive you this once . flashback : int . cabin - live room - night Julia turn she head and gaze at the blond student sitting ina chair . smoke a cigarette . smiling down at she . terry ( v.0 . ) it 's just a fantasy . flashback : int . cabin - live room - night candle have be place around the room . Paul and Terry be asleep on the floor . blood drip over the superman tattoo on joey 's shoulder . Julia slowly awaken to the sound of joey scream over sicken ripping sound like cloth be tear in half . there be silhouettes on the wall of three figure tear off piece of something in the room . large flap . chunks . move rapidly and ferociously . Julia spot Sam scream across the room . SAM ( shriek ) joey ! Julia turn she head in the direction of the rip and tear sound . her eye slowly widen as she mouth drop into a soundless , petrify look of horror . a hand with midnight skin , six finger , and puncture with steel rod cover she eye . int . coffee shop - night a plate smashes on the floor . Julia be jolted out of she think , look over to find a waiter pick up the piece . the light flicker in the shop . this unnerve Julia completely . she start gather the photograph together . she become aware of the pain in she finger again . look at the scab . julia ( a whisper ) Terry 's leg Paul 's headache a think crash like thunder in she head . julia ( cont would ) oh no Julia quickly grab a knife from the table . she get up and walk straight to the lady restroom . int . coffee shop - restroom - night cramped and dirty . Julia hold she finger over the sink . with the point of the knife 's blade , she begin digging into she finger . the pain be immediate . Julia grimace , tear form in she eye , as the wound blossom bright red . blood drip into the sink . Julia drop the knife into the sink and pinch the wound . squeeze hard . a speck of metal flash inside the wound . Julia continue squeezing , tear roll , fingernails digging into the wound as the tip of a metal splinter push up through the blood . Julia start pull it out of she finger . the splinter rise from the wound ... and rise and rise more blood spatter into the sink . Julia be gasping and crying as the pain become excruciate . the glitter splinter be five inch long and grow . the splinter be pulled out . it's seven inches long . Julia drop the splinter into the sink . she move away from the counter , back towards the live room , unbely , horrify she stumble towards the door . int . coffee shop - night Julia walk out of the restroom . stop cold . everyone in the coffee shop be stare at she . the customer . the waiter . the light be dimming . a lack of power . Julia force herself to move . she go to she table , pick up the photograph , and suddenly notice that in the graduation picture -- SAM and terry have disappeared . almost as if they never be a part of the photo . paul and julia be together in every picture -- alone . Julia grab the photograph and turn around . the customer in the coffee shop be stand now . they eye be dark shadow . something about the way they stand be completely unnatural . all wrong . panic begin to settle in . Julia quickly walk to the door . waiter Julia ? she turn . the waiter stand behind she . eye burn . waiter ( cont would ) ( menace ) why would you take it out ? that 's enough . Julia get the hell out of there . ext . coffee shop - night Julia bolt out the door and rush across the street . she reach she car , disarm the alarm , and get inside . int . range rover - night Julia drop the photo into the passenger seat . she answer it . julia hello ? start the car . the cell phone ring . ext . san francisco - market STREET - night Paul on a pay phone . there 's panic in he voice . paul Julia . it 's Paul . julia where be you ? paul at a pay phone . julia what about you dad ? paul he would not let I in . he tell I he do not have a son . ( then ) Julia , everything in my wallet 's go . credit card . money . Driver 's license . everything . int . range rover - night intercut between Julia and Paul . julia then it 's already start . paul what 's start ? terrify beat . Julia train she eye on the coffee shop . julia listen . there 's not much time . they be watch I right now . paul who be ? julia just listen to I . there be five of we at the cabin . ( beat ) you best friend be with we . joey . he have blond hair . he have a superman tattoo on he shoulder . paul I do not know anyone name joey . julia that 's because they erase you memory . if you remember he ... if you remember what they do to he , you might run like Sam . that would make it hard for they to hunt you down . paul where 's Sam ? julia he 's dead . paul what ? julia they kill he . paul they ? julia monster . Paul can barely stand up . his skull be pound . paul monster ? julia they really exist , Paul . they use human being for part . like machine . paul I can not take this . julia what you see in the forest be not a hallucination . they have be watch we the entire time . follow we . paul I can not -- julia there 's a tracking device in you head . right where the scab be . her word sound chill in the night air . forebode and deadly . Paul be fill with dread . paul my head ? julia they want we for part . that 's why they be tracking we . they take the skin and wear it . paul just let I think for a second . julia they already get Sam and Terry . and now they be make we disappear . ( then ) think about it . you wallet . you father . paul it can not be true . julia it be true ! we be next ! Paul become upset . he nod with grave understanding . paul what be we gonna do ? julia we have to get back home . they be all over the place , but we can make it . paul okay . julia where be you ? paul just below Union Square . right near the cable car . julia all right . there 's a subway station near there . paul I can see it . where they turn they around . julia wait for I . at the top of the stair . I will be there in five minute . paul okay . julia I love you . paul ( in pain ) I love you . please hurry . Paul hang up . int . range rover - night Julia toss down the cell phone . the car engine stop . julia what now ? she try to start the car , but it the engine will not turn over . just as she 's about to try a second time , she look out the windshield . several dark shape stand in front of the rover . watching . the customer from the coffee shop . some be stand right outside the door . other be silhouetted in the STREET . Julia frantically try to start the car again . no dice . she rip open the door . ext . coffee shop - night Julia take off run . the shape pursue . ext . san francisco - STREET - night Julia turn a corner and run straight into a intersection . a horn blare as a bus barrel towards she . Julia barely leap out of the way as the bus screech to a halt , nearly run she down . she rise to she foot as the bus start move again . several of the passenger have they face press against the window . watch she . Dark circle around they eye . Julia keep go . the pursuing customer from the coffee shop be maroon on the opposite corner by traffic . they stand motionless . watch she escape . ext . subway station entrance - stair - night a long flight of stone stair lead down to the bart and MUNI station below . Paul sit down on the step . look . wait . ext . san francisco - market STREET - night Julia charge down the sidewalk . weaving past bystander . as she run , Julia brushes past the little girl from Sam 's graduation party . stand abnormally . she watch Julia race off into the crowd with cold , soulless eye . ext . subway station entrance - stair - night Paul be sit still . his head cradle in he hand . a shape appear in front of he . Paul look up . smile . paul hey ext . san francisco - market STREET - night Julia race across the intersection and streak towards the subway station entrance . ext . subway station entrance - stair - night Paul be nowhere to be find . the stair be empty . julia Paul ?! Julia look around desperately . she can not find he in the crowd on the sidewalk . she turn and look down the stair towards the open entryway to the subway system . Paul be walk through the entryway . a friend with he be patting he on the shoulder . just after Paul have disappear through the entryway , the friend turn around . it's SAM . his lip be parched , pitch black eye bulg , he feature somehow more twisted and unfamiliar . his face twitches as he stare coldly at Julia , and he run . SMALL piece of metal drop from sam' pant legs as he disappear through the entryway . julia ( cont would ) paul ! she frantically rush down the stair . julia ( cont would ) that's not SAM !!! paul !!! she rush through the entryway . int . subway station - upper level - continuous the upper level be almost completely empty save a few kid and late- night commuter . Julia be hysterical now . the first time we have see she lose control . she look around frantically . spot Paul and Sam go down the escalator together . julia Paul ! Julia rush towards the turnstile . jump they . a guard step out of he booth . guard hey ! you need a ticket ! hey !!! she keep go . int . subway station - platform - night Paul and Sam reach the bottom of the escalator . they move towards the platform . the light start twinkle . lose power . paul ( confuse ) I think you say she would be here . Sam smirk back , mute ... and grab he by the throat . the light go out . int . subway station - escalator - continuous Julia bolt down the escalator . int . subway station - platform - night she reach the platform and rush to the center . there 's nobody else down there . the light be flicker . slowly , they return to normal . julia ( call ) Paul ?! no response . a train rumble through the station . Julia move to the opposite side and look . resting on the track , lead into the tunnel , be a trail of metal piece . exactly like the one from the cabin . Julia look back . the guard be come down the escalator . without hesitation , she jump down to the track . move quickly and bend down to avoid be see , she rush into the await subway tunnel . int . subway tunnel - night drown in shadow . a unnatural silence fill the tunnel . Julia move cautiously amongst the track . eye scan the darkness . follow the trail of discard metal . a sharp hissing . Julia spin around . a few more hissing sound rise from electrical spark on the track . Blue light flash within the tunnel . then , it cease . she turn back to continue she search , wind sifting through she hair , when she find a large hole at the base of the subway wall . Julia reach down and palm a few metal piece at the base of the hole . she peer inside . a dull flicker light flash within . Julia take a calming breath . she move into the hole . int . crawl space - continuous a narrow and claustrophobic space . Julia squirm through the confine space , pull herself towards the flash light . int . corridor - continuous Julia pull herself through another open and find herself stand in the threshold of a corridor . both the wall and floor be construct of crude metal grate and long pipe . anything could be hide within . wait . she move slowly into the corridor , a strobe light flicker around she . she grope towards another open . the sound of she terrified breathing be slowly replace by the rhythmic humming of machine . int . stairwell - continuous steam rise from the pipe . bath the stairwell in mist . the fluorescent light above be glimmer in the darkness . Julia stand at the top of the stairwell . she can not even see the bottom of the step . carefully , she start move down . her hand grip the metal railing . the humming of machine grow louder her foot accidentally kick a few piece of metal on the step . a light clinking as the metal scatter down ahead of she . the humming of machine be closer now . just beyond the sheathing cloud of blue and white mist . the metal railing be suddenly replace by human bone . Julia pull she hand away from the railing . look skyward and discover more bone be be use to brace the ceiling along with metal beam . she stop . shut she eye in fear . start to lose control . from somewhere within , she manage to steady herself . keeps go through the await steam curtain at the bottom . int . MAIN hallway - continuous the steam part to reveal a dark space . cold and damp . Julia move into the main hallway , stumbling through a hallway that can best be describe as a live nightmare . mammoth pipe and human skin have be fashioned together into a wall , pulsate with the heartbeat of machine that saturate the entire hallway . steam jet into the hallway intermittently from the pipe . creating great cloud . Julia be beyond horrify . her face register a numbness . complete and total astonishment . human bone and body part have be so expertly fashioned into the corridor that it 's impossible to distinguish where the organic end and the mechanical begin . she enter another corridor . her face be strike by a jet of hissing steam . she press onward . slip past the skull and litter metal on the floor . another blast of steam . something leap out of the middle of it . Julia whirl back around a corner , press flat against the wall as a black shape move through the steam . unidentifiable feature . movement that suggest nothing by chaos and madness . the shape hiss and croak in the hallway . Julia wait . she do not even breathe . the hissing stop . she gradually turn to peek back into the hallway where the thing once stand . close on julia' eye as she look around the corner . the shape have disappear . carefully she keep go forward . drenched in water and sweat . slip through the steam cloud that mask another entrance . int . lair - night a massive room where empty human skin be dangle from hook , complete and preserve from head to toe . the skin sway and rock gently in the draft . thousands of they . Julia move towards the center of the room . a large operating table await . but the surface of the table be sink like a water basin . next to the table be a pedestal litter with bloody instrument . cut tool . knive . curve hook . Julia notice that Paul 's tear clothes be rest at the foot of the table . shirt shred to a rag . sneaker orphane nearby . jeans spatter with blood . her breathe quicken . her heart pounding . she reach the foot of the table . Paul be lie within the basin , completely naked and partially cover with litter body part . organs and entrail . the basin be fill with water and blood . a immobile form be rest next to he . Julia move quickly . she try to wake he up . julia Paul . Paul , wake up . he stir . his nose crinkle slightly . julia ( cont would ) wake up . she grab he and lift he up . he start coughing . julia ( cont would ) you have gotta hurry . ( then ) here Julia grab he jeans . she help he slide down from the basin and he pull they on . a skinned hand grab hers . Julia yelp a scream . the other form -- a thing in the basin -- rise and turn . slicked with blood . empty socket where the eye should be . mouth fall open . a horror that should not be alive . Julia scream again . her free hand grab a hook from the pedestal and swing the blade into the thing 's neck . blood fountain up . the thing begin shrieking . with Paul lean on she for support , Julia rapidly head for the door . int . MAIN hallway - continuous Julia navigate she way through the hallway . move blindly through sudden jets of steam , the sound of machine around they . Paul lean on she , he eye remain close , coughing and stumbling . julia' Pov Racing through the hall . the steam cloud suddenly exploding into she view . int . stairwell - continuous Julia reach the stairwell and help Paul climb the step . she look back over she shoulder . nothing behind they . int . corridor - continuous Julia stop at the corridor open . the strobe light flash within . click . the corridor look empty . nothing but pipe and shadow . julia we be almost there . Julia turn to Paul and find a face with glaring yellow eye and metal tooth . he stare back at she . a moment of sheer horror . Julia reel back into the corridor . press flat against the wall . slide towards the crawl space open . Paul start advance into the corridor . grinning with tooth that flash with every click of the strobe light . she keep slide away he grab he chest and rip it OPEN , tear the cover skin apart as he would a shirt . a menagerie of human bone and metal be reveal behind it . Julia try to scream . eye wide . she can not make a sound . Paul tear the skin cover he chest wider . pull it away . strip himself clean . Julia reach the crawl space . slide down . the last piece Paul 's skin be tear off . the thing that have be pretend to be Paul stand in he place . only brief glimpsis be allow by the strobe light . a abysm of immemorial lunacy consist of fashioned human part and twisted metal . a human heart beat within expose rib . Bones combine with pulley and rod . the face of a skull . a contradiction of all matter and cosmic order . Julia slip back into the crawl space . still int . crawl space - night Julia drag herself through the crawl space . int . subway tunnel - night Julia squeeze herself through the expose hole . into the tunnel . int . subway tunnel - station open - night try to scream . move quickly . panicked . she kick to she foot and tear off Julia have almost reach the platform open for the train . behind her , a chorus of pursuing monstrous scream rise up within the tunnel . int . subway station - platform - night Julia run directly parallel to the subway platform . the light alongside of she start flicker and go out , one by one , as she advance . the hissing and scream continue to rise . she reach the opposite tunnel and grab hold of the platform , pull herself up . the platform go dark . appear out of the far tunnel be a dozen dark shape , scamper along the wall and run on all four across the track . they characteristic barely visible . Julia kick back as the shriek thing bear down on she , yellow eye flaring in the dark , metal tooth flash . Julia try to run for the escalator , but the thing cover the wall behind the track . ready to spring . finally , one of the monster do leap towards she and be smashed to bit by a approaching bart train . reduce the monster to a few vestige of scattered metal . the other creature on the track be also run down . Julia watch as the train rumble past . and then , silence . nothing be leave except for a few swirl newspaper . the light flicker and come back to life . rising up to she foot , rescue from death by chance , Julia start back towards the escalator . her eye lock upon the darken tunnel before she turn and race up . ext . subway station entrance - stair - night rain have start fall again . pelting the stair . Julia dash up the stairwell and sprint into the street . she do not look back . dissolve to : ext . san francisco - STREET - night the rain fall so heavily that it create a dense , blue fog which shroud the entire street . Julia appear through the storm , run towards a telephone booth on the street corner . she rip open the door , step inside , and slam the door shut . int . phone booth - night she drop a few quarter into the phone . dial . and wait . int . levin house - live room - night Dark and still . lightn frame the window . the picture of Julia and she mother rest near a phone as the line ring . guy come downstairs and answer the portable . guy hello ? static . guy ( cont would ) ( bewilder ) be anyone there ? int . phone booth - night a flash of lightning outside . julia daddy ? ... it 's Julia ( beat ) they might still be around ... feed on power from the phone line . can you hear I ? ( beat ) . dad ? guy ( over phone ) I can not hear you . hello ? beat . julia daddy , help I . help I , please int . levin residence - live room - night more static resound over the phone . guy hesitates a moment , then return the portable to the cradle . int . phone booth - night click . the line be abruptly cut off . Julia begin to cry . she cover she face with she hand . the tear roll through she finger . int . levin residence - live room - night guy stare at the phone for a moment . a strange feel . something be not right . he think a moment . then shake it off and head upstairs , move directly past the picture next to the phone . julia be gone . vanished from the picture without a trace . only her mother remains . lightn flash across the picture 's glass frame . dissolve to : int . san francisco - subway station - day the afternoon rush of people try to get home . a group of three college student come down the escalator into the station . connor be among they , now eighteen and wear a Berkeley sweatshirt . his friend be barry and mike . barry why the hell do not we bring the car ? connor you wanna pay for gas ? barry better than this shit . I hate bart . mike he have a point . I make the mistake of try to use the bathroom . what do this people do ? stand with they ass hang over the toilet and aim ? connor check he watch . connor we be late . Party start a hour ago . mike we will make it . barry ( trace of sarcasm ) yeah connor . relax . we might get there right after the keg dry out . connor ( resign ) I should study anyway . a female voice call out from across the platform . female voice ( 0.8 . ) connor ? he turn around and scan the crowd , locating a rag figure that move quickly towards he . with she dirty clothing and sink eye , it take a moment to register . this be Julia . her skin be pale . her hair be stringy and knotted . julia I have be look for you . connor what ? barry ( hushed ) great . mike just ignore she . julia they try to get I . several time . but I manage to get away . I have always manage to get away . a train rush into the station . connor be speechless . connor I be ... sorry julia but you will help I . you will help I . connor raise he hand and back towards the train as the door slide open . his friend be already aboard . connor I be sorry . julia no , wait it 's Julia ... do not you remember ? he get into the train . his friend be laugh . connor turn to he friend with a look of smirk disbelief . connor how the fuck do she know my name ? barry she hear I say it . connor Jesus Christ . julia ( overlap ) it 's Julia ! I be you sister ! the door slide close in she face . int . subway train - day Julia begin beat on the door to be hear . connor and he friend be a little freak but they be still laugh at she . julia please ! connor ! i'm you sister ! the train start to move . people inside move in front of the door and block Julia 's view of she brother . julia ( cont would ) please don ' T leave I ! connor ! Julia run alongside the train . still beat on the door . her face awash with tear . julia ( cont would ) they're go to kill I !!! ( shriek ) the train pick up speed . Julia be leave behind . the grind of the wheel be hear as the train move into the subway tunnel . the SOUND of machine drown out every other sound and consume all . blackout .