thing to come a Film treatment by H. G. Wells part I before the second World War this be a brief display of contemporary humanity . the open effect be one of walk and hurry crowd . across this appear and fade the legend " whither mankind ? " a rapid succession of flash evoke the multitudinousness , the hurry and confuse inadequate efficiency of we world . crowd and city appear and dissolve into kindre scene in other place ; there be momentary flash of crowded city , Paris , tokio , Milan , valparaiso , timbuctoo , Moscow . one of the follow special scene . either : -- crowd crossing Brooklyn Bridge and a great traffic and activity in the river below . the Tower Bridge open to let a steamer through , the pool full of shipping , the crane on the wharve active . Port of bremen similarly active . or traffic and crowd by the eiffel Tower . any one of this scene will suffice . it should correspond with the one choose for the end of part VII , q.v. after such scene of City activity the screen remind we of such contrast activity as : small cultivation and then sweeping across it large scale harvest ; a peasant cart joggle along a road and then crowded train and platform . a peasant 's cradle rock and dissolves into the methodical work of a modern child welfare clinic . a wheelwright melt into a great motor car factory . the mint be see printing paper money . Close up of machine turn out paper money and bank clerk handle bunch of it faster and faster . a Wall Street or bourse panic scene follow . all this be flash of the briefest possible sort . they be intend to recall to the audience outstanding aspect of the contemporary world by shot of familiar and typical scene and activity . I believe it would be far better for a competent editor and cutter to piece together this part of the film from pre-exist material . the more bustling and familiar it be the better . as the flash follow each other faster and faster , the word whither mankind ? across the scene fade in again for a moment and then fade out as we pass into the second part , in which the localise and personal story open . part ii the shadow of War upon everytown everytown be every town . that be to say , it be the average great town of we time . it be back by a very characteristic skyline of hill which recur throughout the film to remind we that we be follow the fate of one typical population group , and it have a central " place , " a big market spare with big hotel , public building , cinemas , kiosk , statuary , tramway , etc . first , there be a general view of everytown from a crest above it . in the foreground we see worker go down the hill into the town , and down the hill we see the whole of everytown , suburb and Central Square together ; it be a clear Christmas Eve . then we come to the Central Square in everytown . it have feature recalling trafalgar Square or a big-town market Square or a french Grand place . there be a confluence of tram and bus . the Christmas traffic be active . on one of the chief building the move light sign of a newspaper flash the latest news . " Europe be arming .... " the camera move up from the traffic of the Square to this light sign : " alarm speech by Air Minister - - " Big shop window full of Christmas toy . Children and mother admire . a autobus stop and people get out of it . on the autobus one see the usual newspaper poster with a glaring headline about the dangerous international situation . " Straits dispute . acute situation . " the entrance of a tube station . the usual traffic . a newsvendor stand at the entrance . his placard read : " another 10,000 aeroplane . " but he shout , " all the winner . " in a autobus a young girl open she paper and glance through the first page , which be full of headline talk about the war danger . she have only a cursory glance for that stuff ; she turn the page and plunge with passionate interest into the fashion article . during all this scene , Christmas shopper and people with package pass to and for . it be a peaceful and fairly happy Christmas shopping crowd . nobody appear to be affect imaginatively by the war danger . the voice have call " Wolf " too often . only the camera call the attention of the audience to the brood threat . at this point the essential story of the film begin . a glimpse be give of a scientific laboratory in which young harding , a student of two - and - twenty , be work intently . it be a small , reasonably well - equip , municipal school laboratory look out on the Central Square . it be a biological , not a chemical laboratory . two microscope be visible and plenty of laboratory glass , tap , etc. , but not too many bottle and no retort . ( this laboratory have to appear in a ruinous state later , san glass or breakable . ) through the open window come the bellow of the newsvendor . " War crisis ! " harding listen for a moment : " damn this war nonsense . " he close the window to shut out the sound . he look at he watch and set himself to put thing away . at first he be wear a neat laboratory overall . this he take off . a suburban residential road with little traffic and many pleasant detach home be see , and harding walk along it . he approach a house through a garden gate . part III John cabal 's -- Christmas Eve a rather dark study be see in which John cabal be muse over a newspaper . the furniture of the room indicate he connection with fly . there be the blade of a propeller over the mantel shelf and a model on the mantel shelf . on the table be some engineering drawing partly cover by the newspaper . cabal 's arm , with wrist - watch , be rest on the evening paper . he have a habit of drum with he finger which be show here and again later . the camera come up to the hand and paper . the headline show : " evening newsletter . London . December 24th , 1940 . 1d . " streamer headline : " strait dispute . acute situation . " column headline : " alarming speech by AIR minister . another 10,000 aeroplane now . " ( this newspaper should be practically a facsimile of the London even Standard . it should show the customary inset beside the title of the weather forecast and the lighting - up time . it be the final night edition and it also announce close City price . ) cabal ponder . he look towards the door . harding come in . he approach cabal . harding see the paper and the headline . cabal : " hullo , young harding ! you be early . " harding : " I have finish up . it be too late to begin anything fresh . why be the newsboy shouting so loud ? what be all this fuss in the papers to -night , Mr. cabal ? " cabal : " Wars and rumour of war again . " harding : " crying wolf ? " cabal : " some day the wolf will come . this fool be capable of anything . " harding : " what become of medical research in that case ? " cabal : " it will have to stop . " harding : " that will mess I up . it 's pretty nearly all I care for . that and majorie Home , of course . " cabal : " mess you up ! of course it will mess you up . mess up you work . mess up you marriage . mess everything up . my God , if war get loose again .... " cabal and harding turn towards the door as passworthy walk in . passworthy : " hullo cabal ! Christmas again ! " ( sing . ) " ' while shepherd watch they flock by night , all seat on the ground .... ' " cabal nod at the paper . passworthy take it up and throw it down with disdain . passworthy : " what 's the matter with you fellow ? oh , this little upset across the water do not mean war . threatened man live long . threatened war do not occur . another speech by he . nothing in it , I tell you . just to buck people up over the air estimate . do not meet war half - way . look at the cheerful side of thing . you be all right . Business improve , jolly wife , pretty house . " cabal : " all 's right with the world , eh ? all 's right with the world . passworthy , you ought to be call pippa passworthy .... " passworthy : " you have be smoking too much , cabal . you -- you be not eupeptic ... " ( walk round and sing ) " no -el ! no-el ! no-el !... " in cabal 's live room . Christmas tree with freshly light candle burn and present be take off and distribute . a child 's party in progress . each child be rosy in he own way . horrie passworthy be don a child 's soldier 's " panoply . " timothy cabal be lay out a toy railway system . he be completely absorb in he work , neither hearing nor see anything , work with the intensity of the bear builder . a smaller girl and a very small boy enter the picture . they have be attract by the work and the worker . they stare admiringly . in another corner of the room horrie , now in full uniform , beat he drum . horrie : " fall in ! fall in ! " Three boy fall in behind he . " Quick march ! " they march off to the drum tap . timothy finish he layout . he survey it with a last glance before start the engine . horrie enter the picture with he follower . the camera show only the march foot of horrie 's follower . railway system spread out . horrie 's foot kick aside some part of the system . timothy ( nervously ) : " do not ! " the march foot pass by . timothy have but one think , to save he gadget . he succeed . he lay out he railway again . to a little boy : " you work the signal . " the little boy sit down happily . to the little girl : " you - - you look on . " the little girl sit down and play she part ; she admire . timothy start he train . the train move . timothy be earnestly observe it . the two child be delighted . drum go . horrie and he follower return and halt . horrie stop and think . horrie : " make a accident ! " timothy look up for a second : " no . " busy with railway . horrie : " make a earthquake ! " timothy : " no . " horrie : " let 's have a war . " timothy : " no . " horrie go off reluctantly . the toy railway . train go . one of the carriage collapse . it turn over . it have be hit by a wooden pellet . we see four gun be work by horrie and he friend . they be delighted . timothy realise that the whole layout be be bombard to piece . he try to protect the railway with he hand . protest desperately : " do not --stop ! " his hand be hit by a projectile . the little girl protest with timothy . horrie direct the fire of the gun . more projectile hit timothy . timothy jump to he foot and go to attack horrie . horrie rise quickly , timothy hit he . horrie disengage himself from timothy , kick over the engine and disarrange the rail . timothy claw hold of he , and they begin a tussle which end on the ground . uproar in the room . by the middle door Mrs. cabal enter and hurry towards the fighter . by the door from cabal 's study enter passworthy , follow by cabal and harding . horrie and timothy fight . Mrs. cabal come up and try to pull the boy apart . mrs . cabal : " timothy , timothy , what 's the matter ? " passworthy grab horrie : " here , young man , what have you be do ? " horrie : " I only make a little war on he , daddy -- and he do not play fair . " passworthy : " Soldiers be to protect we -- not to smash up thing . " horrie : " but daddy , a war must smash up thing . " passworthy : " you go on sentry duty , see - - soldier be to prevent war , not provoke it . " horrie obey reluctantly . Children resume they activity . timothy with railway . horrie do sentry go , rather sulkily . cabal , passworthy , harding , Mrs. cabal and grandfather be on a raise dais at the end of the room . passworthy : " they be forget they trouble already . queer thing kid be ! flare up in a moment -- and then it 's all over . " grandfather : " Nice toy they have nowadays , nice toy . the toy we have be simpler . ever so much simpler . noah 's ark and wooden soldier . nothing so complex as this . I wonder perhaps if sometimes they do not find this new toy a bit too much for they . " passworthy : " now that 's a idea ! " grandfather : " aye . just a idea . " mrs . cabal : " it teach they to use they hand . " grandfather : " well , I suppose they grandchild will have still more wonderful thing . progress -- and progress -- I would like to see - - the wonder they will see . " cabal : " do not be too sure of progress . " passworthy : " you --incurable pessimist . " grandfather : " well , what 's go to stop progress nowadays ? " cabal : " War ! " passworthy : " well , firstly , there be not go to be a war , and secondly , war do not stop progress . it stimulate progress . " cabal , ironically : " yes , war 's a highly stimulate thing . but you can overdo a stimulant . the next dose may be a fatal one . a overdose . " passworthy , hesitate : " well , after all , do not we exaggerate about the horror of war ? be not we overdo that song ? the last war be not as bad as they make out . one do not worry . something great seem to have get hold of you . " cabal : " something still great may get hold of you next time . you be talk through you hat , passworthy . if we do not end war -- war will end we . everybody say that , million of people believe it , and nobody do anything . I do nothing - - " passworthy : " well , what can you do ? " cabal : " yes , what can we do ? " passworthy : " carry on . carry on , and trust to the common sense of mankind . " Christmas tree with the candle burnt half - way down . Christmas tree with candle be extinguish by a may . time have pass . part iv War break over everytown the suburban road outside John cabal 's house . various clock -- one after another - - be hear strike midnight . cabal 's house . door open . cabal , Mrs. cabal , harding and passworthy come out . Christmas bell be hear . passworthy : " peace on earth , goodwill to all man . it be go to be a real old - fashioned Christmas this year . Fresh and a little snow , a nip in the air . " a faint thud be hear . everybody silent for a moment . mrs . cabal : " what be that ? it sound like a gun . " passworthy : " no gun about here . merry Christmas , cabal - - good luck to we for another twelvemonth . the last be not so bad . here 's to another year of recovery . " Long shot of road . suddenly searchlight appear in the sky silhouett the hill crest . the group at the door observe the searchlight and turn questioningly towards one another . mrs . cabal : " but what be searchlight do now ? " passworthy : " anti-aircraft manoeuvre , I expect . " cabal : " manoeuvre ! at Christmas ? no ! " Three thud rather louder mingle with the peal bell . harding : " listen : gun again . " the bell cease abruptly . the sound of distant gun become quite distinct . the group -- mute suspense . heavy concussion hear . after this the noise subside as though the trouble be drift away from everytown . nobody speak . from the study the telephone ring . cabal turn and hurry back into the house , the other go a few step after he and listen anxiously . cabal , hear off : " what , to -night - - three o'clock at the hilltown hangar ? I will be there . " cabal come out again to the listen group . " mobilisation ! " mrs . cabal : " oh - - oh God ! " passworthy : " perhaps it 's only a precautionary mobilisation . " cabal turn and go into the house . the other follow . cabal 's study . they will hear if the radio have anything to say . cabal turn on radio . radio : " the unknown aircraft pass over seabeach and drop bomb within a few hundred yard of the waterwork . they then turn seaward again . by this time they have be pick up by the searchlight of the battleship dinosaur and before they could mount out of range she have open upon they with she anti-aircraft gun . unfortunately without result . " passworthy : " that 's -- that 's alarming certainly . " harding : " of course everyone have say ' this time there will be no declaration of war . ' " mrs . cabal : " listen ! " the radio resume , crackle : " we do not yet know the nationality of this aircraft , though of course there can be little doubt of they place of origin . but before all thing it be necessary for the country to keep calm . no doubt the loss suffer by the fleet be serious . " passworthy , interrupt radio : " what 's that ? loss of the fleet ? " mrs . cabal , impatiently : " listen ! listen ! " radio : " and it be imperative that the whole nation should at once stand to arm . order for a general mobilisation have be issue and the precautionary civilian organisation against gas will at once be put into operation . ah -- instruction have come to hand . we shall cut off for five minute and then read you the general instruction . please call in any friend . call in everyone you can . " Radio cease . cabal , bitterly : " you have get you stimulant , passworthy . something great have get you . War have come . " they all look at each other . passworthy , to harding : " I suppose we shall find we march order at home . nothing to do now but get on with it . " mrs . cabal : " War ! God help we all . " passworthy and harding on they way home . passworthy garrulous . harding darkly silent . passworthy : " my God ! if they have attack without a declaration of war -- then it 's vengeance . no quarter , it 's vengeance . punishment --punishment--condign -- or a end to civilisation for ever . it 's just possible it 's some mistake . I cling to that . but if not -- then War to the knife . it 's not a war . it 's a fight against dangerous vermin . a vermin hunt without pause or pity . ( flatly ) good-night . " harding have have nothing to say . he nod good - night , stand watch passworthy for a moment and then rouse himself with a start to go he way . the Central Square of everytown . large anti-aircraft on truck come into Square . searchlight be mount on a roof . electric sign go out . special service man in badge herding people to shelter . belate straggler run across the Square . searchlight break out . anti-aircraft gun be load by the light of a carefully shade lamp . face of the gunner see closely . all this be to be very quick and furtive . as light go down the lighting change to silhouette effect and the sound diminish until at the end there be absolute silence . cabal and he wife in the child 's nursery . cabal be buttone on he airman 's uniform . he look at the sleep child . he turn he head , torment by the think of they future . mrs . cabal : " my dear , my dear , be you sorry we -- have this child ? " cabal think long . " no . life must carry on . why should we surrender life to the brute and fool ? " mrs . cabal : " I love you . I want to serve you and make life happy for you . but think of the thing that may happen to they . be we selfish ? " cabal draw she to he : " you be not afraid to bear they --. we be child yesterday . we be anxious , but we be not afraid . really . " Mrs. cabal nod acknowledgment , but cannot talk because she would cry . timothy 's bed , with cabal and he wife stand beside it . cabal : " courage , my dear . " whisper to himself : " and may that little heart have courage . " a series of flash recall the flash of the second part . everytown be see in a belate wintry dawn . suburban road . Men come from the house carry parcel or suitcase and go off towards the station . a young wife say good - bye to she husband , who be wait for a tram . Bus stop . Men get on the bus with they package . a sort of force cheerfulness . eyebrow raise and a force smile with the corner of the mouth turn down . no march music here . none of the elation of 1914 . the shuffle , tramp , tramp of the doom householder . passworthy with horrie in the front garden of he house . horrie in he uniform of yesterday . passworthy go out . he put on a armlet . horrie , point to the armlet : " be you a officer , daddy ? " passworthy : " we have get to do we bit , sonny . we have get to do we bit . " horrie : " I be a officer too , daddy . " passworthy : " that 's the spirit , old son . nothing else for it now . carry on , sir . carry on . " the two salute each other in brave burlesque . he lift he son and kiss he . he go . horrie by himself . he tap he drum . first thoughtfully , and then with more confidence . he beat the drum , begin to hum and march . Works himself up . hum louder -- sing wordlessly . the beat of he drum pass into march music which carry on through the next flash . faintly , behind little horrie appear the shadow of march troops , keep step with he and he drum . they intensify as he fade . effect of march army . part V the second World War the march troops become phantom - like and vanish . a peaceful countryside , winter . the same country scene have appear in part I , but now everywhere there be sign of war preparation . in the foreground a smooth - flow river , or lake , that reflect the scene , -- suddenly the mirror be break as enormous amphibian tank crawl up out of the water . a gigantic howitzer suddenly rear itself up from a peaceful field . scene from the air . roadways choke with war material move up to the front . closer detail shot of this same scene . Long line of tank and caterpillar lorry . Long line of steel - helmete man . lorry full of man . lorry full of shell . great dump of shell . a fantasia of war material in motion . Chemical factory . pile of case be load . the manufacture of gas bomb . the worker all wear gas mask of ghoulish type . the gun go off . a repetition of some of the forego shot -- but now the man and gun be no longer move into action , but be in action . gun be fire , tank advance fire , battleship fire a broadside , gas hiss out of cylinder . a gun crew round a gun , pass shell up to the gun . beneath a aeroplane a crew fix bomb . squadron after squadron of aeroplane take to the sky . everytown be see with hostile aeroplane in the sky . a explosion in the foreground fill the scene . as the smoke clear it reveal the suburban road in everytown in which passworthy life , and something small and dark be see far down the footpath . we pass up the road and before the shattered garden fence we see little horrie in he panoply , sprawling dead . ( this be the first dead body we see on the screen . ) a long silent pause . bomb be hear recede in distance . scene of everytown be bomb . siren , whistle and hooter . panic work up in Square . Quick flash of military work anti-aircraft gun . again to crowded Square , terrify face look up . increase panic . aeroplane overhead . anti-aircraft fire rather helplessly . a tramcar run down the street , it lurch and fall sideways across the street . the facade of a gigantic general store fall into the street . the merchandise be scattered and on fire . window dummy and wounded civilian lie on the pavement . bomb burst in crowded Square . cinema crash in ruin . a bomb burst a gas main , a jet of flame , the fire spread . official distribute gas mask , the crowd in a panic . fight for mask . official sweep off he foot . Long shot of aeroplane , they distribute gas like a smoke screen . the cloud slowly descend on the town . the gas cloud descend , the gun continue to fire in the darkness . Long shot of the gas cloud descend on and darken the Square . people in office and flat trap by the gas pour into the window . Long shot of the Square , now very misty and dark . no civilian be move about , but there be a few scattered dead . part VI the two airmen enemy airman , a boy of 19 , be in the air , distribute gas . Close up of he in he cockpit . he finish he supply and bank to turn about . he look up into the sky and discover he be be attack . he be plainly apprehensive . John cabal in he aeroplane . he be head for the enemy airman . Air fight . it be a one -side fight between a bomber and a swift fighter . enemy airman crash . cabal nose -dive , but straighten out . enemy airman crash . house , etc. , in the background under the cloud of gas he have spread . ( n.b. -- this be no part of everytown , and the familiar skyline , etc. , be to play no part in this scene . ) cabal landing with difficulty . he look towards enemy aeroplane and then hurry towards it . Fire break out in the wreck machine as cabal approach it . cabal arrive at enemy aeroplane . enemy airman stagger out as the flame spread . he be beat out the fire in he smoulder clothing . he stagger and fall . the rest of the scene go to a flicker light because of the burn aeroplane . gust of black smoke across picture . cabal help the enemy airman , who be evidently very badly injure . he be as yet too stunne to be in anguish but he know he be do for . cabal settles he fairly comfortably on the ground . cabal : " be that better ? my God -- but you be smashed up , my boy . " cabal try to make he comfortable . he desist and stare at the enemy airman with a sort of blank amazement . " why should we two be murdering each other ? how do we come to this ? " the gas be drift nearer to they . the enemy airman point to it . " go , my friend ! this be my gas , and it be a bad gas . thank you . " cabal : " but how do we come to this ? why do we let they set we kill each other ? " the enemy airman say nothing , but he expression assent . cabal and the airman take they gas mask . cabal help the enemy airman with he mask and adjust it . there be some difficulty due to the airman 's break arm , cabal desist and have to try again . enemy airman : " funny if I be choke by my own poison . " cabal : " that 's all right . " cabal put the mask on and then put he own on . enemy airman hear a cry and look up . cabal follow he look , and he see a little girl run before the gas . she be already choke and press a handkerchief to she mouth . the girl , very distress , run towards they and hesitates , not know which way to go . she be heedless of the two man . enemy airman stare , then tear off he mask and hold it out to cabal . " here - - put it on she . " cabal hesitates , look from one to the other . enemy airman : " I have give it to other -- why should not I have a whiff myself ? " cabal put the mask on the girl , who resist , frighten , and then understand and submit . cabal : " come on , kiddy , this be no place for you . you make track that way . I will show you . " cabal go off with the girl and then return into picture to see if the enemy airman have a pistol . he realise that he have not , hesitates , and give he own pistol to he . " you may want this . " enemy airman : " good fellow -- but I will take my dose . " the enemy airman be leave die in the flicker light of he burn aeroplane . the gas be very near now . the wisp drift towards he . he look after cabal and the girl . " I drop the stuff on she . maybe I have kill she father and mother . maybe I have kill all she family . and then I give up my mask to save she . that 's funny . oh ! that 's really funny . ha , ha , ha . that -- that 's a joke ! " the gas drift by he and he start to cough . he remember cabal 's word . " what fool we airmen have be ! we have let they make we fight for they like dog . smashed try to kill she -- and then I give she my mask ! oh God ! it 's funny . ha , ha , ha . " his laugh change to a cough of distress , as the gas envelop and hide he . the cough grow fainter and fainter , and vapour blot out the scene . " I will take it all -- take it all . I deserve it . " he be hear again cough and panting . then come a sharp cry , then a groan of sudden unendurable suffer . a pistol shot be hear . silence . the screen be fill with the drift vapour . part VII the unending War a succession of newspaper heading mark the prolongation of the war . the first newspaper have the same type of head as the newspaper in cabal 's study before the Children 's Party . open with a close shot on date of paper . evening newsletter the weather forecast and the lighting - up time be no longer there . date be May 20th , 1941 . price threepence . in place of " close City price " be " prohibition of speculation , " but the paper still claim to be final night edition . headline across two column : the end in sight . headline across two column : the rationing scandal . subhead underneath the first head : benefits of blake' AIR offensive . text : " the immense effort and sacrifice of the air force during the great counteroffensive of last month be bear fruit . " camera close up to the date again and the close up to the date be repeat in the case of each of the newspaper which follow . a very roughly print newspaper with blur and discoloration wipe across and replace its predecessor . the newspaper mark a great deterioration in social efficiency . it be print from wear - out type and the lower line fall away . the weekly patriot no. 1 . New Series . February 2nd , 1952 . price one pound sterling . drawing to the end " it be necessary to press on with the war with the utmost determination . only by do so can we hope ... " a third paper wipe across this again : the weekly patriot no. 754 . March , 1955 . price one pound sterling . the utmost resolution . no surrender . a desolate heath . something burn far away . a sheet of decaye newspaper be flutter in the wind . it catch on a thorn and as the wind tear at it the audience have time to read the ill- print sheet of coarse paper : briton bulletin September 21st , 1966 . price four pound sterling . " hold on . Victory be come . the enemy be near the break point ... " the wind tear the scrap of paper to piece . here follow some still and desolate scene to suggest and symbolise we contemporary civilisation shattered to its foundation . the exact scene to be choose could best be leave to the imagination and invention and facility of the model maker . it might even be different in the american , Continental or british version of the film . one of the follow scene will give all the effect need : the Tower Bridge of London in ruin . no sign of human life . Sea gull and crow . the Thames , partly block with debris , have overflow its damage bank . the eiffel Tower , prostrate . the same desolation and ruin . Brooklyn Bridge destroy . the tangle of cable in the water . ship sink in the harbour . New York , ruin , in the background . a sink liner at the bottom of the sea . a pleasure sea front , Palm Beach or the lido , blackpool or coney Island , in complete and final ruin . a few wild dog wander through the desolation . Oxford University in ruin and the bodleian Library scattered amidst the wreckage . part VIII the wandering sickness the Central Square in everytown . it be in ruin . a few rag street vendor and a primitive market in a corner of the Square . a gigantic shell - hole be in the middle of the Square . a group of people stand about a board on the wall . this be a notice- board like the old album on which news be write in the Roman Forum . as the world relapse old method reappear . Close shot of this group read a smudgy cyclostyle notice on the board . it read : national bulletin August 1968 . warning ! a new outrage ! enemy spread disease by aeroplane " we enemy , defeat on land and sea and in the air , have nevertheless retain a few aeroplane which be difficult to locate and destroy . this they be use to spread disease , a new fever of mind and body .... " Close up to emphasise date . a man in a wear and patch uniform come out of the town Hall with a paper in he hand and turn towards the wall . a few people be attract by he activity . he pastes up a new cyclostyle inscription . the inscription , which run a little askew , read : " the enemy be spread the wandering sickness by aeroplane . avoid site where bomb have fall . do not drink stagnant water . " a woman come out of a house . she be rag and tired , a pail in she hand . she go to the gigantic shell - hole in the middle of the Square . the woman descend with she pail . she want some of the water . a man come into the picture . man : " do not you read the warning ? " the woman answer with a tired mute " no . " man , indicate the water : " wandering sickness . " the woman be strike by instant fear . then she hesitates . " I have to go half a hour away for spring water . " the man shrug he shoulder and go . the woman be still hesitate . the hospital under the laboratory . a dim dark place . the sick be unattend . one of they -- a man in a dirty shirt and trousers -- barefoot and haggard -- rise , look about he wildly and dart out . the Square , outside the Hospital . the sick man wander . he stare blankly in front of he . he seek he know not what . people in the Square see he and scatter . the woman in the shell - hole discover the wander sick man be approach she . she scream and scramble away . a group of man and woman run away from the sick man . a sentry with a rifle . a group of man and woman enter the picture . man to sentry : " do not you see ? " woman : " he be carry infection . " the sentry do not like he job , but he lift he rifle . he fire . the wander man collapse , writhes and lie still . the sentry shout : " do not go near he . leave he there ! " Dr. harding 's laboratory . harding be at he work - bench , assist by he daughter , Mary . he be struggle desperately to work out the problem of immunity to the wandering sickness which be destroy mankind . he be now a man of fifty ; he be overworked , jade , age . he be work in a partly wreck laboratory with insufficient supplies . this laboratory have already be show in the open part . ( the room downstairs have be improvise as a hospital , to which early case of the pestilence be bring . ) harding 's clothing be rag and patch ( no white overall ) . his apparatus be more like a old alchemist 's , it be makeshift and very inefficient . no power be laid on . there be no run water , though there be still a useless tap and a sink . but the brass microscope be as before . they be difficult thing to break . bottle , crucible , and such - like hardy stuff have survive , but very little fine glass . no Florence flask , for example . some old can have be utilise . several of the window be crack and have be mend with gumme paper . harding mutter as he work . Mary be a girl of 18 , dress in a patch nurse 's uniform , with a Red Cross armlet . " Father , " she say , " why do not you sleep a little ? " harding : " how can I sleep when my work may be the save of countless life ? -- countless life ! " a shot be hear without . harding go to the window , follow by Mary . camera shoot from harding 's standpoint , show the dead man with the wandering sickness , lie in he blood ; Square desert . a man walk across the scene , elaborately avoid the dead man , and put a rag over he mouth to protect himself from infection . harding and Mary . harding say : " and so we sanitation go back to the cordon and kill ! this be how they deal with pestilence in the Dark Ages . " he make a gesture of desperate impotence , shrugging he shoulder and throw up he hand , and then turn back to he work - bench . the room of Richard Gordon , a former air mechanic . it be like all the room of this period , shabby , with improvise or wear - out furniture . there be no proper table - ware , only a sort of tramp 's outfit of gallipot and tin . Richard 's sister Janet be at a wood stove cooking a meal . her movement be slow and spiritless . Richard Gordon , seat in front of a old table , be obviously wait for the meal . he be deep in think . instead of serve the meal Janet turn from the stove , walk a few step and then stare into space . Richard , rouse from he thought , look at she with grow terror and rise hurriedly . " what be it , Janet ? you heart ? " he take she pulse . deeply impressed : " I will put you to bed , sister . " Janet sullenly silent . she shake she head . Richard very tenderly try to induce she to go to bed . return to harding 's laboratory . harding at he microscope . Mary near he . harding examine some preparation , and , without look back , say : " iodine , please . " Mary take a step towards he . a glass or container in she hand . she look at it and tilt it to ascertain its content . she be unable to speak because she know the portent of she answer . harding : " Mary ! -- iodine , please . " mary : " there be no more , father . there be just one drop . " harding turn back as if stab . " no more iodine ? " Mary reply with a shake of she head . harding almost collapse and sit down . " my God ! " he bury he head in he hand . his voice almost a sob : " what be the good of try to save a mad world from its punishment ? " mary : " oh father , if you could only sleep for a time . " harding : " how can I sleep ? see how they wander out to die . " he rise and look at he daughter , deeply move : " and to think that I bring you into this world . " mary : " even now I be glad to be alive , father . " harding pat she shoulder , a quick affectionate gesture . then he walk up and down in deep mental distress . " this be the last torment of this endless warfare . to know what life could do and be -- and to be helpless . " he take the slip from under the microscope eyepiece and dash it to the floor in impotent rage . he sit down in utter despair . Mary make a futile movement to console he . a step on the staircase outside . they both look towards the door . mary : " Richard ! " Gordon enter . harding stare at he , fear he news . gordon : " my sister ... " harding : " how - - do you --know ? " gordon : " her heart beat fast . she feel faint . and -- and -- she will not answer . " harding say nothing . gordon : " what can I do for she ? " harding pain , silent and beat . gordon : " I think -- something - - might be know . " harding do not move . mary cry : " oh Janet ! -- and you , poor dear - - " she approach Gordon and Gordon make a movement as if to warn she that he too may be infect . she do not care . " Richard , " she whisper , close to he face . harding rise and go without a word . it be the doctor 's instinct to try and help where everything seem hopeless . Gordon 's live room . Janet turn to and for on she bed . enter harding , follow by Richard and Mary . harding approach the bed . he pull back the sheet , listen to Janet 's breathe . then he replace the sheet and shake he head . he rise from the bed . Gordon ask a mute question . harding : " no doubt of it . and it need not be . oh , to think of it ! there be just one point still obscure . but I can not even get iodine now -- not even iodine ! there be no more trade , nothing to be get . the war go on . this pestilence go on -- unchallenge -- worse than the war that release it . " gordon : " be there nothing to make she comfortable ? " harding : " nothing . there be nothing to make anyone comfortable any more . War be the art of spread wretchedness and misery . I remember when I be still a medical student , talk to a man name cabal , about prevent war . and about the research I would make and the ill I would cure . my God ! " harding turn to the door and go out . the ruin and desolate Square as before . harding cross it , return despairfully to he laboratory . Gordon 's live room . Mary and Gordon sit . atmosphere of hopelessness . both stare towards the bed . Janet rise . her face be now ghastly white and she eye be glassy . she come towards the two and towards the audience . Mary and Gordon stare at she , horror-stricken , as she pass they . her face advance to a close -up . she leave the room . after a second 's hesitation , Gordon rise and hurry after he sister . Mary take a few step and then sit down . the Square . Janet wander . Gordon reach she and try to take she arm , but she shake he off . they go towards the crowd about the notice- board in front of the town Hall . the crowd disperse , panic-stricken . Janet and Gordon walk towards the sentry . the sentry lift he rifle . Gordon protect Janet with he body . to sentry : " no ! do not shoot ; I will take she out of the town . " sentry hesitates . Janet wander off the picture . Gordon hesitates between the sentry and she and then follow she . sentry turn after they , still irresolute . Janet and Gordon wander through the ruin of everytown . she go on ahead feverishly , aimlessly . he follow she . we be thus give a tour through everytown in the uttermost phase of collapse . a dead city . rat flee before they -- starve dog . they pass across a desert railway station . Public garden in extreme neglect . smashed notice-board . fountain destroy --railing break down . suburban road with villas empty and ruinous . in the garden be bramble - thicket and nettle-bed . Janet and Gordon pass the former house of passworthy , recognisable by the shattered fence . gradually the two figure , follow each other , recede , and what follow be see across wide desolate space at a increase distance . Janet drop and lie still . Gordon kneel down beside she . at first he cannot believe she be dead . he pick she up in he arm and carry she off . he be see far away carry she into a mortuary . hood figure come out to take she from he -- all very far away . Mary wait in Gordon 's room . it be now twilight and we see she face very sad and still and pale . she look towards the door when at last Gordon come staggering in . he be the picture of misery " oh Mary , dear Mary , " he cry . Mary hold out she arm to he . he cling to she like a child . Three date on the screen . 1968 1969 1970 part ix everytown under a Patriot Chief the Square of every town in 1970 . it have a little recover from the extreme tragic desolation of the pestilence stage . clumsy effort to repair ruin building have be make . no shop have be reopen and half the house be unoccupy , but the shell - hole in the centre have be fill up . there be a sort of market go on with patch and rag people haggling for vegetable and bit of meat . few people have boot . most people be wear footwear of bast and rag or sabot of wood . few hat be wear and that old . the woman be bare - head or have shawl over they head . the vehicle be not rude and primitive , but old break - down stuff . one or two box thing with old carriage wheel or motor car wheel -- which people push . few or no horse . a cow or a goat be milk . there be a peasant with a motor car ( small runabout without tire ) with a lot of carrot and turnip in it , draw by a horse . several stall be fairly full of second - hand stuff -- clothing , furniture and household goods . it be like a small caledonian market . there be a old - clothes and miscellaneous stall with jewellery and wear - out finery . this be keep by a obsequious individual who might be a Oriental bazaar dealer . he rub he hand and inspect another stall and watch the passer - by . no new stuff anywhere , because industrial life be at a standstill . the camera move round to give a general view of the Square , come to rest outside of the town Hall . a big rosette flag hang over the portico of the town Hall . this rosette be the symbol of the ruling boss and he government . a small group watch a rosetted guard write with charcoal on the wall : at the top he have draw and smear a rough rosette . national bulletin mayday a.d. 1970 the pestilence have cease . thanks to the determine action of we chief in shoot all wanderer . there have be no case for two month . the pestilence have be conquer . the chief be preparing to resume hostility against the hill people with the utmost vigour . soon we shall have Victory and peace . all be well -- God save the Chief . God save we land . ( rosette ) Inside a aeroplane hangar . Gordon , three year older , and in a different , rather less dishevel costume , be work on a aeroplane engine on the bench . behind he be the dismantle aeroplane . two assistant with he . he examine the high tension wire . gordon : " this rubber be perish . have we any more insulate wire ? " first assistant : " we have get no rubbere wire at all , sir . " gordon : " any rubber - - tape ? " second assistant : " not a scrap of rubber in the place . we use the last on the other motor . " gordon slowly rise , defeat : " oh , what 's the use -- there 's no petrol anyway . I do not believe there 's three gallon of petrol leave in this accurse ruin of a town . what 's the good of set I at a job like this ? nothing will ever fly again . Flying be over . everything be over . civilisation be dead . " the market . camera swing round to the stall of gew - gaw and old dress . roxana sailing down upon the trader . roxana be a consciously beautiful young woman of eight - and -twenty . her face be make up rather skilfully . in contrast to the dirty and dispirite people in the Square , she and she two attendant woman seem brilliantly bright and prosperous . her costume be best describe as a collection of finery . it have be get together from the wardrobe and press that be still to be find in the abandon house . it consist chiefly of a afternoon dress of circa 1935 . wadsky 's stall be stock with such finding . roxana , advance : " where be wadsky ? I want to speak to wadsky . " wadsky , who have be lurking behind he stall as she advance , pull himself together and come out to meet she . roxana : " you have a piece of flower stuff , a whole length , seven yard , and you do not tell I of it . you keep it back from I , and you give it to that woman of yours . and she 's get a new dress - - a new dress . " wadsky dispute with he arm and shoulder while she speak and when she pause he say : " ooh Lady , I show you that piece . " roxana : " do not outface I , wadsky . you have do that too often . you keep it from I ! " wadsky : " Lady ! you say : ' I do not want stuff like that . ' " roxana : " why ! I have be ask for week for that very thing for the summer -- light flower cotton stuff . " wadsky : " oh , but Lady ! " roxana : " how dare you ? one would think I be of no importance in everytown . " roxana turn to she first attendant . " do not you remember ? -- I say I want light stuff with flower . " attendant remember dutifully . roxana appeal to she further . " what be the good of a lover - - what be the good of a powerful lover , if one be to be treat like this ? " roxana to wadsky , who be bow , very disgruntled . " I will tell the Chief . I have warn you before . everything first to I . " swing away from she to another part of the market Square . a little excited knot have form round a rag man . man : " I see it with my own eye . " crowd laugh . woman : " first you drink and then you see thing . " man : " first I hear the noise , then I look up and there it be -- far away up in the sky -- over the hill . " Gordon be see come through the Square towards they . he hear the last remark of the man . " what do you see ? " man : " a aeroplane - - fly away there over the hill . just about dawn it be . " the crowd jeer at he . Gordon look at the man , sum he up , shrug he shoulder , and go on he way . Mary be buy vegetable from the peasant with the horse - draw car . she be dress in a rough simple costume of brownish stuff . but it suit she style . Gordon appear and they greet one another with the casualness of marry people . while Mary select food , gordon look at the car with professional affection . " it 's a Morris , be not it ? " peasant : " yes - - a good pre-pestilence machine . I oil it and turn it over at time . " gordon : " you think it might go fast some day ? still ? " peasant : " say ! I be not one of that petrol hoarder . but all the same that engine turn over still . why , I remember when I be a boy -- when it be new - - we think nothing of go a hundred mile in it -- a whole hundred mile . less than three hour I have do it in . but all that sort of thing have go -- go for ever ! eh ? " he look with a sort of sceptical cun inquiry at Gordon . Gordon and Mary finish they purchase and go towards the laboratory . mary : " you be late to -day . do you get any thing do ? " gordon : " nothing . the machine be rotten . there 's no petrol . it 's mockery for the boss to set I at it . we will never get one of they up . Flying have become a dream for boss and such -- like drunken man . there be a drunken man over there , by the by , swear he see a aeroplane this morning . " mary : " Richard ! " gordon : " what be it ? " mary : " you will not think I mad ? " gordon : " eh ? " mary : " I hear a aeroplane this morning . " gordon : " when ? " mary : " at dawn . I think it be a dream . but if someone else -- " gordon : " nonsense . I tell you fly be finish . we shall never get in the air again . never . " fife and drum be hear . they turn abruptly , with a certain uneasiness of bear . the boss with he retinue . they be a semi-military brigand crew with little that be uniform about they except the prevalent rosette badge . they march through the Square . the boss be a big swagger fellow with a hat cocked on one side bear a rosette in front of it . his frogged tunic might have belong to a guard ' bandsman . he have a sword , a dirk and two pistol . neat riding breech and boot . a scarf tie across he breast bear the rosette symbol . his manners might be describe as the decaye civility of a London taxi -cab driver . his underling have compile quasi-military costume similar to he own . he recognise Gordon , glance at Mary , betray a momentary appreciation , decide to show off at she and halt . Gordon make a half -heart salute . boss : " anything to report , Gordon ? " gordon : " nothing very hopeful , Chief . " boss : " we must have that plane -- somehow . " gordon : " I will do what I can , but you can not fly without petrol . " boss : " I will get petrol for you , trust I . you see to the engine . I know you have not get stuff -- but surely you can get round that . for example , transfer part . have you try that ? use bit of one to mend the other . be resourceful . give I only ten in work order . give I only five . I do not want they all . I will see to it you get you reward . then we can end this war of ours -- for good . this you wife , Gordon ? you have keep she hide . salutation , lady ! you must use you influence with we master mechanic , lady . the combatant State need he work . " mary do not like the situation . " I be sure my husband do he best for you , Chief . " boss : " his best ! that be not enough , lady . the combatant State demand miracle . " mary pause and then speak rather stupidly : " it be not everyone , Chief , who can work miracle - - as you do . " boss , most elate : " I be sure you could work miracle , lady , if you choose . " the voice of roxana hear off " Rudolf ! " the manner of the boss become slightly deflate . he turn towards roxana who approach rustling with indignation , follow by she three lady in wait . Gordon and Mary be ignore forthwith . behind , in a state of nervous apprehension , hover wadsky . roxana : " here they be at they old trick ! wadsky have be keep thing back from I ! be that with you permission ? " wadsky : " but she be show it . she say she do not want it . " boss : " if wadsky have be at he old trick again he must answer for they . " roxana turn triumphantly towards wadsky . boss : " it be not only wadsky who keep thing back . what do you think of we master mechanic here -- who will not give I plane to finish up that little war of ours with the Hill people ? " roxana survey Gordon with she arm akimbo , and then consider Mary and the boss more deliberately . she rather like the look of Gordon . she perceive that the boss have be show off at Mary and she want to take he down a little . she speak with a faint shrewish mockery to the boss . " can not you make he ? I think you could make everybody do everything . " gordon : " some thing can not be do , madam . you can not fly without petrol . you can not mend machine without tool or material . we have go back too far . Flying be a lose skill in everytown . " roxana : " and be you really as stupid as that ? " gordon : " I be as helpless as that . " roxana to the boss : " and now Chief - - what be you go to do about it ? " boss , become the strong man : " he 's go to put that machine in order and I be go to find he -- coal - - stuff to make he oil . " the throbbing of a aeroplane very far away become faintly audible . Close up of Gordon 's face . gordon : " it 's a lose skill . it be a dream of the past . " his face change as the beat of the aeroplane dawns on he consciousness . he be puzzle . then he face change . he look up in the sky . he point silently . the whole group be show . all be stare upward . wadsky and the market people , the general crowd in the background , be all become aware of the aeroplane . the aeroplane be see circle in the sky . this have to be the first novel aeroplane see in the film . it be to be a small new 1970 type . its wing curve back like a swallow 's . it must not be big and impressive like the gas bomber which presently arrive , but it must be " different . " people run out of house . everybody stare skyward . running , shouting -- the excitement grow . Gordon , deeply move . he address Mary . " there it be -- you be right -- a plane once more ! he 's shutting off -- he 's come down . " the eye of the crowd follow the plane and indicate it be circle down to a descent . the boss be the first to become active . " what 's all this ? have they get aeroplane before we ? and you tell I we can not fly any more ! while we have be -- fumble , they have be active . here , some of you , find out who this be and what it mean ! you ( to one of he guard ) , you go , and you ( to another ) . there be only one man in it . hold he . " the boss be a centre of activity . boss : " send for Simon burton . get I Simon . " a sly-look individual , the right -hand man of the boss , appear from the direction of the town Hall and hurry up to he chief . the camera show Gordon and Mary stand a little aloof , perplex , full of strange hope , at this wonderful break in the routine of everytown . then it return to roxana . she watch the boss and he proceedings with the sceptical criticism of a woman who know a man too well . then she mind return to Mary and she look for she and discover Gordon also . she come across to they . roxana to Gordon : " what do you know about it ? do you know anything of this ? who be that man in the air ? " gordon speak half to himself and half to roxana and Mary . " it be something new . it be a new machine . somewhere they can still make new machine . I do not dream it be still possible . " roxana : " but who be the man ? how do he dare come here ? " Close up of she face as she survey everytown and realise that after all it be not the whole world . her eye return to the boss who be still rather uncertain how to meet this new occasion . boss : " fetch he to the town Hall . Guard he machine and bring he to I there . " the camera return to Gordon and Mary . gordon : " come along , Mary . I must see that machine . " a field close to the town . people run . the aeroplane glide overhead and land just out of sight over the brow of a slight hill . a few rag man , woman and child run up so as to stand out against the sky and look . they hesitate and keep they distance . a child start forward but he mother stop he -- they stare , and they begin to move uneasily right and leave from the centre of the ridge as something unseen approach . the two guard send by the boss appear and hesitate . we be look towards the aeroplane across a hollow so that with quite dramatic suddenness John cabal , the airman , the father of the child in the open part , rise above the crest and come towards we . he be now grey-haire with a line face . he be dress in shiny black and he wear a sort of circular shield over head and body that make he over seven foot high . it be like a round helmet enclose body as well as head . it be a 1970 gas mask . the vizor in front swing down , so that he head and shoulder see from in front be suggestive of a buddha against a circular halo . the black mask behind he head and shoulder be ribbed like a scallop shell . he stand out against the sky , a tall portent . he walk through the watcher who follow he -- one guard go over the crest towards the machine , the other guard approach he . this second guard and cabal go towards the town . this second guard be a oafish unshaven creature , greatly puzzle by life at all time and excessively puzzle now . a group of curious man and woman follow they . cabal : " who 's in control of this part of the country ? " guard : " the chief . what we call the boss . " cabal : " good . I want to see he ! " guard : " he send I to arrest you . " cabal : " well - - you can not . but I will come and see he . " guard : " well , you be under arrest -- whether you admit it or not . this country be at war . " the crowd and particularly various child come closer to cabal . cabal : " I remember this place well . I live oh -- somewhere down there . " ( point . ) " for year . ever hear of man call passworthy ? any of you ? no! harding ? " two child speak together . " Doctor harding ! " cabal : " yes , be he still here ? " old woman : " he 's a good man . he 's we only doctor here . oh , he 's a good man . " child : " look , here he be , sir ! " harding , Gordon and Mary see approach . crowd in background . cabal and harding scrutinise each other . cabal : " heavens ! be that harding ? " harding , perplex : " I seem to remember something -- something about you . " cabal : " but you be a young man ! " harding cry out : " you be John cabal ! I use to come to you house ! here ! Endless year ago . before the war begin . and you be fly ! you be grey but you look -- young still ! " cabal : " how be thing in this place ? who 's in control ? " harding look discreetly at crowd : " we have get a chief here -- a war lord . the usual thing . " cabal take harding by the arm : " h be . I have come to look up you war lord . where can we go to talk ? " harding gesticulates to indicate where he life . cabal make to go with he . guard : " here ! you be under arrest , you know . you have get to come to the chief . " cabal : " all in good time . this gentleman first . " guard : " you can not do that . you have get to come with I . order be order . the boss first . " cabal lift he eyebrow and go off with harding . guard follow with gesture of amazement and protest . " here . here . here , " he say . then come Gordon and Mary and the rabble . the rabble be astonished at cabal 's cavalier treatment of the guard . in the laboratory . remains of a meal . the meal have be a squalid one . can -- only a knife or so and a break fork . no cloth , crack bowl . Mary , Gordon , cabal and harding in conversation . cabal have remove he great body gas-mask and swing it beside he . the guard open the door and look in . cabal : " you keep out . I shall be all right here . " the guard seem about to speak and then catch cabal 's eye and shut the door again . cabal : " and so you come back here after the war ? " harding : " and become a sort of medieval leech . a doctor without medicine or instrument . I do what I can in this break -- down world . good heaven ! do you remember how I use to blow about the research I be go to do ? " cabal come and sit down : " do not I remember ? you have some good idea . but look here -- tell I thing . how be thing here ? be there any mechanic leave ? any capable technical worker ? " harding : " this be the very man . " Gordon come forward and cabal scrutinise he . " what be you ? " gordon : " ex -air-mechanic , sir . Jack of all trade now . the last engineer in evervtown . " cabal : " Pilot ? " gordon : " yes , sir . " ( salute . ) " not so very skilful . I wish I be a better mechanic . " the guard open the door again and peep in . " my order , " he begin . cabal : " never mind you order . shut --that --door . " the guard obey . cabal : " tell I about this boss you have here . what sort of man have get hold of this part of the world ? " the boss 's headquarters in the town Hall . he have stage thing for the reception of the strange airman . he sit at a vast desk . a few guard , secretary and yes-men around he . Simon burton sit at a side table . roxana watch proceedings -- come and stand close beside the boss at he right hand . whisper to he . she display the excitement of a woman before a bull fight . a lively contest be go to happen and she have a impression that the strange visitant may prove a interesting novelty . thing have be dull in everytown lately . the atmosphere be strain . the scene be set and the principal actor do not enter . the boss be impatient to see cabal and cabal do not come . messenger be send and return . boss : " where be this man ? why be not he bring here ? " everyone look uneasy . the boss turn to burton . burton : " he have go off with Doctor harding . " the boss rise . " he have to be bring here . I must deal with he . " roxana lay a hand on he arm . " but you can not go to he . that 's impossible . he must come to you . " the boss hesitates and sit restless under she dominance . " send another man for he . send three man . with club . he must be bring here at once . " burton hurry out to give the order . the laboratory . the group talk . cabal : " so that 's the sort of man you boss be . not a unusual type . everywhere , you see , we find this little semi - military upstart robbing , fight . that be what endless warfare have work out to -- brigandage . what else could happen ? and we , who be all that be leave of the old engineer and mechanic , be turn we hand to savage the world . we have the air-way , what be leave of they , we have the sea . we have idea in common ; the freemasonry of efficiency -- the brotherhood of science . we be the natural trustee of civilisation when everything else have fail . " gordon : " oh , I have be wait for this . I be yours to command . " cabal : " not mine . not mine . no more boss . civilisation 's to command . give yourself to World Communications . " a knock at the door . they turn . the oafish guard come into the room . Three other who have be send for he by the boss be behind . one of they say : " tell he he 's get to come . if he will not come on he foot , we will carry he . " the first guard : " Lord know what will happen to I , sir , if you do not come . " cabal shrug he shoulder , rise , reflect , hand he great gas mask to Gordon and stalk out , the guard follow respectfully . the gas mask be not in evidence in the next scene . the town Hall . the boss at he great desk . roxana very alert behind he . Simon burton at he own table . as the guard and cabal approach , the boss draw himself up in he chair , and attempt a lordly pose . cabal 's bear be easy and familiar . the boss be sturdy and ornate . cabal tall , lean , black and dry . cabal : " well , what do you want to talk to I about ? " boss : " who be you ? do not you know this country be at war ? " cabal : " dear , dear ! still at it . we must clean that up . " boss : " what do you mean ? we must clean that up ? War be war . who be you , I say ? " cabal pause before he reply . " the law , " he say . he improve it : " Law and sanity . " roxana watch he . then look to the boss . boss , a little late : " I be the law here . " cabal : " I say law and sanity . " boss : " where do you come from ? what be you ? " cabal : " pax mundi . wing over the World . " boss : " well , you know , you can not come into a country at war in this fashion . " cabal : " I be here . do you mind if I sit down ? " he sit down and lean across the table look intelligently and familiarly into the face of the boss . " well ? " he say . boss : " and now for the fourth time who be you ? " cabal : " I tell you wing -- wing over the World . " boss : " that 's nothing . what government be you under ? " cabal : " common sense . call we airmen if you like . we just run ourselves . " boss : " you will run into trouble if you land here in war time . what 's the game ? " cabal : " order and trade - - " boss : " Trade , eh ? can you do anything in munition ? " cabal : " not we line of business . " boss : " petrol - - spare part ? we have get plane - - we have get plane - - we have get boy who have train a bit on the ground . but we have get no fuel . it hamper we . we might do a deal . " cabal reflect and look at he toe : " we might . " boss : " I know where I can get some fuel . later . I have get my plan . but if you could manage a temporary accommodation - - we would do business . " cabal : " airmen help no one to make war . " boss , impatiently : " end war , I say . end war . we want to make a victorious peace . " cabal : " I seem to have hear that phrase before . when I be a young man . but it make no end to war . " boss : " now look here , Mr. aviator . let 's be clear how thing be . come down to actuality . the way you swagger there , you do not seem to understand you be under arrest . you and you machine . " mutual mute interrogation . cabal : " you will get other machine look for I -- if I happen to be delay . " boss : " we will deal with they later . you can start a trading agency here if you like . I have no objection . and the first thing we shall want will be to have we own aeroplane in the air again . " he look for confirmation to bunon , who nod approval and then to roxana . but roxana be stare at cabal to hear he next word . cabal : " yes . a excellent ambition . but we new order have a objection to private aeroplane . " roxana , softly for boss to hear : " the impudence ! " boss half glance at she with a faint anxiety . she have sometimes the habit of take the word in discussion . " I be not talk of private aeroplane . the aeroplane we have here be the public aeroplane of we combatant state . this be a free and sovereign State . at war . I do not know anything about any new order . I be the chief here , and I be not go to take any order -- old or new , from you . " cabal lean back in he chair and reflect . he say , with a faint gleam of amusement : " I suppose I have walk into trouble . " boss : " you may take that as right . " Simon burton be about to say something , and then think better of it . roxana be more outspoken : " where do you come from ? " cabal smile and address himself deliberately to she : " I fly from we headquarters at basra yesterday . I spend the night at a old aerodrome at marseille . we be gradually restore order and trade all over the Mediterranean . we have some hundred of aeroplane and we be make more , fast . we have factory at work again . I be just scout a bit to see how thing be here . " boss : " and you have find out . we have get order here , the old order , and we do not want anybody else restore it , thank you . this be a independent combatant State . " cabal : " we have get to talk about that . " boss : " we will not discuss it . " cabal : " we do not approve of this independent combatant States . " boss : " you do not approve ! " cabal : " we mean to stop they . " boss : " that 's -- war . " cabal : " as you will . my people know I be prospect . when they find I do not come back they will send a force to look for I . " boss , grimly : " perhaps they will not find you . " cabal shrug he shoulder . " they will find you . " boss : " they will find I ready . well , I think we know now where we stand . you four guard take this man , and if he give any trouble , club he . Club he . you hear that , Mr. wing over you wit ? see to it , burton . have he take to the detention room downstairs . " he stand up as if dismiss the assembly . the camera go to a smaller apartment behind the large room of the previous scene . it be the boss 's retire room . roxana enter first and turn to the boss who be follow she . roxana , exasperatingly critical : " now be that wise . " boss , irritate at once : " Wise ! " roxana : " yes , wise ; be it wise to quarrel with he at once ? " boss : " quarrel with he ! confound he , he begin to quarrel with I !--' we must clean that up !'-- clean that up ! my war ! " roxana : " but -- but there 's thing behind he . " boss : " thing behind he ! some sort of air bus driver . stand up to I -- like a equal . " roxana : " so you lose you temper and bully he . " boss : " I do not bully . I just take the fellow in hand . " roxana : " no , Rudolf . you bully . and you bully too soon . " boss : " I do not seem able to please you to -day . " roxana : " well , if you must go from one tactless thing to another . weaken you authority . sacrifice dignity . " boss : " here ! what 's the matter with you ? " roxana : " oh , I see ! there 's you head mechanic - - a essential man for you work -- and you can not keep you eye off he wife ! do not I know you ? but never mind that . I have learn to overlook that sort of thing . what I ask again -- whether you bully I or not -- be , whether it be wise to take this man in this way ? " boss : " how else could he be take ? how else ? " roxana : " well , look at it ! this be the first real aviator that have come we way for year . think of what that mean , my dear ! you want aeroplane , do not you ? you want you aeroplane put in order ? well -- I have always doubted if that young man Gordon be up to the job . he 's good - look in a weak sort of way -- but be he really skilful and scientific ? he -- fumble . he just go about with this girl of he -- whom you think so good look . a really clever man would have have some of that machine up long ago . I be sure of it . " boss : " so along come this stranger who be go to clean I up . and you propose I shall hand over my aeroplane to he , lock , stock and barrel . " roxana : " why talk nonsense ? you could have persuade he -- under supervision . " boss : " supervision . the sort of oaf I have here to supervise he . he would be too much for they . " roxana : " if he 's go to be too much for you , hang he and hide he machine before the other get after you . but if he be not go to be too much for you - - " boss : " he 's not go to be too much for I . " roxana : " very well . the hand of iron in the glove of velvet . where be the benefit in ambush he and lock he up ? " boss : " I do not agree with you . I do not agree with you . oh , I do not agree with you . now listen . listen to I . you do not understand . now be we time . you think I be a fool . but let I tell you one or two thing I have have in mind . if you watch my mind a little more and my movement a little less it might be better for you . " Simon burton join they unobtrusively and listen deferentially . boss : " this -- this stranger - - have not take I by surprise . I know this thing be come . " Close up of incredulous face of roxana and Simon burton . boss : " yes , I know this be come . I feel they would get ahead with they air force down there . I feel there be this conspiracy of air bus driver brewing somewhere in the world . very well . now 's the time . we have get this fellow bottled up for a week or so . they may not begin to miss he for day . I have get everything fix now for a attack straight away up the floss Valley to the old coal and shale pit -- where there 's oil too ! and then - - up we buzz . wing over the hill- State . everybody have laugh at my air force that never even crawl on the ground . but they will not laugh then . " roxana : " my dear , that 's all right . but it do not explain why you treat that new man as a enemy . I do not believe Gordon be a good mechanic . but evidently he be . " boss : " do not harp on that ! you always think you know better than I do -- about everything . " roxana slowly : " I be go to talk to this man myself . " boss : " if that sort of thing be what you be after -- ! " roxana : " oh , you do not understand . " boss : " do not understand ! you spare neither youth nor age . you leave that man to I . you leave that fellow alone . " scene change to a small bare room like the wait - room of a police station . it be poorly light by a bar window . cabal sit on a wooden chair with he arm on a bare table and contemplate the situation . cabal : " I have tumble into a hole . it 's the old old story of the overconfident wise man and the truculent rough .... it may be week before I be report as miss . they will think my radio have break down . meanwhile Mr. boss here do as he like .... " escape ? " he contemplate the room . stands up and stare at the window bar . " they will have my machine guard .... " sit down again , laugh bitterly at himself and drum with he finger on the table exactly as he do in part III of the film . then he jump up impatiently . go to the window . Close up of he face in the dim light . " I suppose everyone must do something hopelessly foolish at time . I have walk into it . I - - the planner of a new world .... " just at this time with everything ready .... " if this mad war dog here bite I -- and I die -- I wonder who will carry on .... " no man be indispensable .... " he try the firmness of the bar in the window . fade out upon he hand hold the bar . scene outside the town Hall . a small troop of mount man with a flag leave for the war . two lead horse be bring up and the boss and roxana appear and mount . the whole body ride off . a small not very enthusiastic crowd watch they departure . there be a feeble cheer as the detachment go off . fight on a hill overlook coal pit . the boss direct operation . with he be he irregular troop leader . they gallop off . the coal pit . the boss 's cavalry attack some rough trenches . the defender be overwhelm and see run away . one or two flash of the little battle . the boss 's man be plainly victorious , the enemy route . the Central Square . a troop of mount man ride into the Square . follow come the boss and roxana triumphant . flag decorate the side street . the crowd show a new enthusiasm . people cheer as the boss and roxana pull up outside the town Hall . Close up of a group of looker - on . one man be explain to another : man : " we have capture the coal pit , and the old oil retort , and we have get oil at last . " Close up of a lean , excited patriotic youngster wear a rosette badge . " now we will bomb the hill to hell . " in the town Hall . a day later . the boss still flushed with triumph . most of he usual entourage be present , but roxana be not there at first . eight or nine officer of the little army be present . Gordon be see under arrest near the boss 's desk . the boss walk up and down and orate : boss : " Victory approach . you sacrifice have not be in vain . we long struggle with the Hill Men have come to its climax . we victory at the old coal pit have bring a new supply of oil within reach . once more we can hope to take to the air and look invader in the face . we have nearly forty aeroplane , as big a force , I venture to say , as any in the world now . this oil we have get can be adapt to we engine . that be quite a simple business . nothing remain to be do but a conclusive bombing of the hill . then for a time we shall have a rich and reward peace , the peace of the strong man armed who keepeth he house . and now at this supreme crisis you , Gordon , we master engineer , must need refuse to help we . where be my plane ? " gordon : " the job be more difficult than you think . half you machine be hopelessly old . you have not get twenty sound one . to be exact , nineteen . you will never get the other off the ground . the thing cannot be do as you imagine it . I want assistance . " boss : " what assistance ? " gordon : " you prisoner . " boss turn to he . " you want that fellow in black -- wing over the World ? you want he release ? " gordon : " he know he business . I do not enough . make he my -- technical adviser . " boss : " I do not trust you technical fellow . " gordon : " then you will not get a aeroplane up . " boss : " I want that plane . " Gordon shrug he shoulder . the boss meditate , walk to and for . boss : " and if you get he ? " gordon : " then I want Doctor harding out too . " boss : " they be - - old associate . " gordon : " I can not help that . if anybody in everytown can adapt that crude oil for we aeroplane it be harding . if not , it can not be do . " boss : " we have have a bit of a argument with harding . " gordon : " he 's the only man who can do this work for you . " boss : " bring in harding . " enter roxana with a certain quiet dignity while the assembly await harding . the boss glance at she as if he would rather she have not come . she stand regard the scene critically . harding be bring in . he be dishevel , and he hand be tie . he look as if he have be manhandle . boss : " untie he hand . " the guard release harding . the boss pause and look at harding . " well ? " harding : " well , what ? " boss : " the salute . " harding : " damn the salute . " the guard step forward to strike harding , but roxana intervene . roxana : " no . " boss : " never mind the salute now . we will talk about that afterwards . now let we see where we be . you , Gordon , be to direct the reconstruction of we air force . the prisoner cabal be to be put at you disposal . everywhere he go he be to be under guard and observation . no relax on that . and neither he nor you must go within fifty yard of he plane . mind that ! you , harding , be to help Gordon with this fuel problem and to put you knowledge of poison gas at we disposal . " harding : " I tell you , I will do nothing with poison gas . " boss : " you have get the knowledge - - if I have to wring it out of you . the combatant State be you father and you mother , you only protector , the totality of you interest . no discipline can be stern enough for the man who deny that by word or deed . " harding : " nonsense . we have we duty to civilisation . you and you like be head back to eternal barbarism . " the entourage be dumbfounded . burton start forward . " but this be pure treason . " harding : " in the name of civilisation , I protest against be drag from my work . confound you silly war ! you war material and all the rest of it ! all my life have be interrupt and waste and spoil by war . I will stand it no more . " burton : " this be treason - - treason . " Guards rush upon harding , seize he and twist he arm . harding snarl with pain . roxana come forward . roxana : " no. stop that . " the guard stop . harding be sullen and silent . the boss come very close to he . boss : " we have need of you service . " harding : " well , what do you want ? " boss : " you be conscript . you be under my order now and under no other in the world . I be the master here ! I be the State . I want fuel - - and gas . " harding : " neither fuel nor gas . " boss : " you refuse ? " harding : " absolutely . " boss : " I do not want to be force to extremity . " roxana be whisper to the boss , with she eye on Gordon . Gordon come fully into the picture . he have a scheme of he own . he look hard at roxana as though he be silently try to will she aid . the confidence in he manner , the faint streak of impudence in he nature , increase . gordon : " Sir - - may I have a word ? I understand you want all of this out - of - date crock of yours which you call you air force , to fly again -- and fly well ? " boss : " they shall . " gordon : " with the help of that man-- cabal - - you have in the cell here , and with the help of Doctor harding here -- you may even get a dozen of you plane in the air again . " harding : " you be a traitor to civilisation . I will not touch it . " gordon ignore he : " if you will give I cabal and -- if you will leave I free to talk with the Doctor , I promise you will see you air force -- a third of it at any rate -- in the sky again . " boss : " you talk as though you be drive a bargain with I . " gordon : " I be sorry , Chief . it be not I who make this condition . it be in the nature of thing . you can not have technical service , you can not have scientific help unless you treat the man who give it you -- properly . " roxana to the boss , but quite loud : " that 's what I have say all along ! you be bully too much , my dear . there be a limit to bully . why ! you can not make a dog hunt by beat it . " boss : " I want that aeroplane . " gordon : " well . " boss : " and I mean to be master here . " roxana : " then you have to be reasonable , my dear , and that 's all about it . " Close up of the boss wonder where mastery end and reasonableness begin . Gordon and cabal at work upon that aeroplane engine which be puzzle Gordon at the open of this part . the two man quite understand each other . cabal work and Gordon learn from he . the four guard watch and poke they nose about and listen conscientiously but perplexedly . they glance at one another . they be much too oafish to control the conversation . cabal between he tooth : " if only they would let we go back to my own plane . there 's a radio there . " gordon : " hopeless .... wo not even trust I . " cabal : " we will have to make a job of this . " gordon : " I could send man for you reserve petrol . they will give I that . for this . " cabal : " good . " then louder as if explain the machine . " one of the most difficult bit in this be what be call the get -a- way -- it 's a sort of cut -out . but I have some idea . " gordon : " we will manage it I think . now that Dr. harding understand he part of the job .... " they nod reassuringly to each other and then glance at the stupid face of they guard . it 's safe . even . cabal be sit in he cell light by the light of two candle . he look bored and despondent . he turn round at a knock at he door . " come in . do not stand on ceremony . " the door be open deferentially by a guard . roxana appear , rather specially dress . cabal have not expect anything of this sort . he be a man of experience with woman although he have none of the boss 's devour enterprise . he stand up . she walk in , carry herself with a certain consciousness of she effect . he bow and remain silent . roxana : " I want to look at you . " cabal stiffly : " at you service , madam . " roxana : " you be the most interesting thing that have happen in everytown for year . " cabal : " you honour I . " roxana : " you come from -- outside . I have begin to forget there be anything outside . I want to hear about it . " cabal : " May I offer you my only chair ? " roxana sit down and arrange herself . then she take a look at cabal to gauge she effect . cabal stand or lean against the table in the subsequent conversation . he look at she only very occasionally , but they be scrutinise glance . roxana : " you know -- I be not a stupid woman . " cabal : " I be sure . " roxana : " this life here -- be limited . War -- rich plunder . shine prize . of a sort . War always go on and never end . flag . march . I adore the Chief . I have always adore he since he take control in the pestilence day when everyone else lose heart . he rule . he be firm . everyone -- every woman find he strong and attractive . I can not complain . I have everything that be to be have here . but - - " cabal look at she for a moment . what be she up to ? he make a faint encourage noise : " m be . " roxana : " this be a small limited world we live in here . you bring in the breath of something great . when I see you swoop down out of the sky -- when I see you march into the town Hall -- I feel this man life in a great world . and you speak of the Mediterranean and the East , and you camp and factory . I have read about the Mediterranean and Greece and Egypt and India . I can read - - a lot of that old book . I be not like most of the young people . I learn a lot before education stop and the school close down . I want to see that world away there . Sunshine , palm , snowy mountain , blue seas . " cabal : " if I have my way -- you might fly to all that in a couple of day . " roxana become pensive and look down : " if you be free .... and if I be free . " cabal be expression reveal a flash of curiosity about she : " what be she up to ? " roxana : " I do not think any man have ever understand any woman since the beginning of thing . you do not understand we imagination . how wild we imagination can be . " cabal decide he will not interrupt she . roxana : " I wish I be a man . " she stand up abruptly . " oh if I be a man !... do any man realise what the life of a woman be ? how trivial we have to be . we have to please . we be oblige to please . if we attempt to take a serious share in life , be we welcome ? and all the while --. Men be so selfsatisfy , so blind , so limited .... I see thing happen here --! injustice . cruelty . there be thing I would do for the poor -- thing I would do to make thing better . I be not allow . I have to pretend to be eat up by my dress , my jewel , my vanity . I make myself beautiful often with a aching heart .... but I be talk about myself . tell I about yourself -- about that great world you live in . be you a boss ? you have the manner of one who command . you be sure of yourself . you make I afraid of you . of the people you come from . of what you be . before you come I feel safe here . I feel -- thing be go on as they have be go on .... always .... no hope of change .... now -- it 's all different . what be you people try to do to we ? what do you mean to do to this boss of mine ? " cabal : " well , the immediate question seem to be what do he mean to do to I ? " roxana : " something foolish and violent -- unless I prevent it . " cabal : " that be how I see thing . " roxana : " if he kill you -- ? " cabal : " we shall come here and clean thing up just the same . " roxana : " but if you be kill -- how can you say we ? " cabal : " oh , we go on . that 's just how it be , we be take hold of thing . in science and government -- in the long run - - no man be indispensable . the human thing go on . we -- for ever . " roxana : " I see . and we combatant State here ? " cabal : " have to vanish into the shadow . after the tyrannosaurus and the sabre-tooth tiger . " roxana stand look at he . he lean against the table and smile at she . roxana : " you be a new sort of man to I . " cabal : " no . a new sort of training . the old Adam fundamentally . " she go off at a tangent again . " I suppose at the bottom of she heart every woman despise a man she can manage . and all woman despise man who run after woman .... " cabal : " you be not by any chance think of the Chief ? where be he to-night ? " roxana : " drink and boast . and after that , he hope to betray I without my find out . vain hope , I be afraid . we need not think about he . if I say I still love he , it be as one love a dirty troublesome child . I love he and he do not matter . what I be think about be you . and this new world of yours - - oh , it 's you world -- that I can feel advance on we . " pause . cabal : " well ? " roxana : " have man of you sort no use for woman ? " cabal : " madam , I be a widower and a grandfather . I see this thing with a philosophical detachment . and I do not quite know what you mean by use . " roxana : " a man be a man till he 's dead . do not you still want the help of a woman ? have you no use for that closeness of devotion you can never get from any man ? do not you see I have be work for you already ? see what I have do for you ! I have save harding from ill-treatment . I get you half release so as to work with Gordon . I may be able at last to release you altogether . why do you despise I ? " cabal : " I do not despise you in the least . I think you be the most civilise be I have meet yet in everytown . " roxana : " more than you friend ? " cabal : " oh , much more . " roxana be pleased . she press on to she next step . " why do not you confide in I ? there 's Gordon , there 's he wife Mary and she father harding , and you be all -- together , in some way . something carry you all along . do you think I do not know you be plan thing and do thing ? why cannot I - - help you ? I know this place , this people . I be a sort of Queen here . be I nothing at all to you ? " cabal look at she now intently . be she try to find out about he plan of escape in order to betray he to the boss ? or be she propose to betray the boss to he ? or be she in a state of mix intrigue , ready to do either and mainly interested in get some love- make go ? he say : " and could you really restore I to my aeroplane ? have not that be put out of action ? " roxana : " no . he want to use it and do not know how to . no one have touch it . there it be . with six guard night and day . even I could not get at that just now . " cabal who have be lean against the table stand up and confront she . she face up to he . cabal : " what be you really propose to I ? " roxana : " nothing . I come to see you . I be interested in you . " cabal : " well ? " roxana : " and now I find you more interesting than ever . a woman love to help . she love to give . I could give so much -- now . and if I give -- ? " cabal speak like a representative : " the Air League would not forget it . " roxana : " the Air League will not forget ! Air League ! who care for the Air League ? would you forget it ? " cabal : " why should I in particular - - " roxana : " be you stupid , man ? or be you insulting I ? I tell you I find you the most interesting man in the world , a great eagle out of the air . and you stare at I with that ugly face of yours and pretend not to understand ! have you never meet a woman before ? Ugly you be and grey . it do not matter . " her manner change . she come close up to he and hold out she hand as if dispose to clutch he arm . " oh why should I go on fencing with you ? do not you see - - do not you understand ? I be for you -- if you want I . I be yours . you big strong thing , all steel and dignity . now -- now will you let I help you ? " they both become aware of a movement outside . she recoil quickly . the door be flung open without ceremony and the boss appear in the doorway . he be wear he conception of ceremonial uniform . in a rough way he have a certain splendour . he stand pose for a moment . boss : " so this be where you be ! " roxana : " I say I should talk to he and I have . " boss : " I tell you to leave he alone . " roxana : " yes , and sit up there drink and look as wonderful and powerful as you could . Rudolf the victorious ! I know -- you send twice to ask Gordon and he wife to come ! so that she should see you in you glory . and here be I try to find out for you what this black invader mean . do you think I want to come and talk to he " -- she turn to cabal - - " this grey cold man ? while you be swagger here , more aeroplane be get ready away there at basra . " boss : " basra ? " roxana : " his headquarters . have you never hear of basra ? " boss : " this be matter for man to talk about . " cabal : " you lady have be put I through a severe cross-examination . but the gist be -- that away there in basra the aeroplane be rise night and day like comet about a hornet ' nest . what happen to I here , be a small affair . they will get you . the new world of the united airmen will get you . why , listen ! you can almost hear they come now . " the imagination of the boss be catch for a moment and then it recover . " not a bit of it ! " roxana : " what he say be the truth . " boss : " what he say be bluff . " roxana : " make peace with the airmen and let he go . " boss : " that mean surrender of we sovereign independence . " roxana : " but other will be come . more machine and more . " boss : " and he be here -- hostage for they good behaviour . come , my lady . a end to this little -- diplomatic excursion of yours . " he hold the door open for she . roxana bridle . be about to speak and go out . at the door she turn and fire a pane shot at the boss . " you have the subtlety of a - - " she search for a suitable epithet and then jump at the word she need . " bullfrog . " when she have go out of the room the boss turn and come towards cabal . boss : " I do not know what she have be say to you . perhaps I do not care . not as much as she think . there 's no follow she chopping and change . I have have about enough of it . but I be not a fool . there 's no make peace between you and I . none at all . it 's you world or mine . it 's go to be mine -- or I die fight . after all this threaten -- swarm of hornet and so on -- you be a hostage . understand . no one come near you . you friend Gordon will have to manage without you . and do not be so sure you will win . so just go on sit here and think about it , Mr. wing over the World . " the follow day , bright daylight , shine into the laboratory of Dr. harding . Mary lean against the workbench and roxana be talk to she . roxana : " it be not only that I want to protect you from the insult of the Chief . oh ! I know he . but I want to talk to you about this man cabal and he airmen 's world they talk about . what be this new world that be come ? be it a new world really ? or only the old world dress up in a new way ? do you understand cabal ? be he flesh and blood ? " mary : " he 's a great man . my father know he year ago . my husband worship he . " roxana : " he 's so cold -- so preoccupy . and so -- interesting . do man like that ever make love ? " mary : " a different sort of love , perhaps . " roxana : " Love on ice . if this new world -- all airship and science and order -- come about , what will happen to we woman ? " mary : " we shall work like the man . " roxana : " you mean that ? be you -- flesh and blood ? " mary : " as much as my husband and father . " roxana with infinite contempt : " Men ! sometimes -- when I think of lean grim cabal -- I believe this world of yours must come . and then I think -- it can not come . it can not . it 's a dream . it will seem to come but it will not come . it 's just a new lot of man at the top . there will be war still . struggle still . " mary : " no , it will be civilisation . it will be peace . this nightmare of a world we live in -- that be the dream , that be what will pass away . " roxana : " no. no . this be reality . " mary , stare in front of she : " do you really think that war and struggle -- mere chance gleam of happiness -- general misery -- all this squalid divide world about we , do you think it must go on for ever ? " roxana : " you want a impossible world . Nice in a way -- perhaps -- but impossible . you be ask too much from man and woman . they will not bother to bring it about . you be ask they to want unnatural thing . what do we want ? we woman . knowledge , civilisation , the good of mankind ? nonsense ! oh , nonsense . we want satisfaction . we want glory . I want the glory of be love -- the glory of be want -- desire , splendidly desire -- and the glory of feel and look splendid . do you want anything different ? no . but you have not learn to look fact in the face yet . I know man . every man want the same thing -- glory ! glory in some form . the glory of be love -- do not I know it ? the glory they love most of all . the glory of boss thing here -- the glory of war and victory . this brave new world of yours will never come . this wonderful world of reason ! it would not be worth have if it do come . it would be dull and safe and -- oh , dreary ! no lover -- no warrior -- no danger - - no adventure . " mary : " no adventure ! no glory in help to make the world over -- anew ! it be you who be dream . " roxana : " helping man ! why should we work and toil for man ? let they work and toil for we . " mary : " but we can work with they ! " roxana : " and what will they have to work for , then ? " mary : " Greater thing . " roxana : " there 's no flavour in that great thing . no flavour . no flavour at all . this airmen -- they will conquer the world . and then we shall conquer they -- lean and stern and sober though they be . " mary : " if I think that be all we could do -- " roxana : " it be all we can do . have not you learn anything from marriage with Richard ? " Mary look at she , detest she . but she find herself at a loss for a argument . the noise of a aeroplane be hear grow rapidly louder . they turn to the window and look out . they become excited . they crane up at a aeroplane circle overhead . it make a great old - fashioned roar . roxana : " look ! it 's you Richard , he 's fly at last . " the aeroplane , fly . in the aeroplane be Gordon at the control . he be satisfied . behind he sit a rosetted guard . Gordon turn the machine round . then a long shot of everytown far below . the machine fly on . the guard stir . he protest inaudibly because of the roar of the engine . Gordon disregard he . Guard tap Gordon 's shoulder , sign for he to return and presently , find no response but a cheerful smile , point he pistol . mutual scrutiny . Guard weakly menace . Gordon point over the side of the cockpit . he smile suddenly , have take the measure of he man , and put he finger to he nose . the aeroplane jerk sharply upwards , and the guard , no longer point he pistol , but grip tight , be manifestly scared . aeroplane looping the loop -- then the fall leaf trick . Guard 's ordeal through all this motion . he drop the pistol and grip the side . pistol fall . hitting the ground and explode . the aeroplane see fly away over the hill . " and so I get away , " say Gordon 's voice . as the voice be hear the last scene dissolves into the next . a conference room at basra , rather like a ultra-modern board room . it be bleakly and rationally furnish . telephone have be restore to the world . through a large open window one see the great and grow aerodrome of basra with a number of aeroplane come and go . Far off there be a group of smoking factory chimney . it be a sudden contrast to the general ruinousness that have prevaile throughout this film since the war sequence . a dozen young and middle - age man sit at the table indifferent to this familiar activity outside , and Gordon stand talk -- too excited to sit . gordon : " and so I get away . that be where you will find cabal . the boss of every town be a violent tough - - he may do anything . there be no time to lose . " a middle - aged man : " certainly , there be no time to lose . half squadron a be ready now . you ready to go with they , mr.-- ? " gordon : " Gordon , sir . " the middle - age man begin to dial a telephone . a young man : " this give we a chance of try this new anaesthetic , the Gas of peace ... I wish I could go ... " wipe off to next scene . the boss 's bedroom . it be a large untidy room furnish with the best loot of the district . the boss be in dshabill , and have just get out of bed . he be still heavy with sleep . with he be burton and by the door stand a messenger . burton : " at last we have definite news . " boss : " what be it ? " a attendant bring in a tray of breakfast , and set it on the table . burton : " Gordon do not fall into the sea . he get away . a fishing boat see he make the french coast . perhaps he reach he pal . " boss , disagreeably : " well ? " burton : " he will be come back . he will be bring the other with he . " attendant leave . the boss be waking up slowly and be very peevish : " curse this Air League . curse all airmen and gas man and machine man ! why do not we leave they machine and chemical alone ? I might have know . why do I tamper with fly ? " burton : " well , we need aeroplane - - against the Hill State . somebody else would have start in again with aeroplane and gas and bomb if we have not . this people would have come interfere anyhow . " boss : " why be all this science ever allow ? why be it ever let begin ? " he turn listlessly to he breakfast . he begin again : " Science ! -- it 's the enemy of everything that be natural in life . I dreamt of that chap in the night . great ugly inhuman chap in black . half like machine . bomb and bombing . " burton : " I guess they will come bombing , all right . " boss : " then we will fight them . since Gordon get away I have have one or two of the air boy to see I . that boy have gut . they can do something still . " he walk up and down devour a piece of bread . " we will fight them . we will fight them . we have get hostage .... I be glad now we have not shot they anyhow . I wonder if that fellow harding .... of course ! he can tell we what to do about this gas . if we have to wring he arm off and knock half he tooth down he throat to make he do it . get he -- get he . " burton at door shouting for man and give order . the boss be gather courage and take he food with great gusto : " they have to come to earth some time . what be this World Communications ? a handful of man like ourselves . they be not magic . " a row of old and wear - out aeroplane in front of a batter hangar . a number of very young inexperienced - look pilot stand before they . the boss be inspect they . roxana be beside he . the boss begin he speech : " to you I entrust this good , this try and test machine . you be not mechanic -- you be warrior . you have be teach not to think , but to do -- and -- if need be , die . I salute you -- I , you leader . " the boy pilot go off rather reluctantly to they machine and start they up . it be a almost " heath Robinson " scene of we contemporary ( 1935 ) machine in the last stage of decay and patch -up . a very long shot of a new type of air bomber fly with a sort of remorselessness -- in contrast with the hop and misbehaviour of the boss 's machine . it be Gordon return . two other big bomber follow , low down in the sky . this machine have a distinctive throb of its own which should mingle with the menace of the music . closer shot of part of this great bomber . aviator ( three man and two woman ) stand about look down on the world . one be Gordon . Gordon be anxious . a large cavernous space arched over by the girder of a fall building . it look out upon suburban ruin and a distant hillside . the boss be with burton and roxana and he staff . the boss study the familiar skyline through binocular . Guards bring in Mary and harding . the boss turn to they . boss : " what do you know about this Air League people ? have they gas ? what sort of gas ? " harding : " I know nothing of gas . " boss : " here , where be the mask ? " two boy appear with a job lot of mask -- caricature of exist type . boss : " tell we about this mask , anyhow . " harding examine a mask and tear it and throw it down . " rotten ! no use at all . " boss : " what gas have they get ? " harding : " Gas war be not my business . " boss : " well , they can not gas we when you be here anyhow . " burton , in dismay : " here they be . listen . they be come already ! " the strange recognisable throb of Gordon 's aeroplane be hear and the music that accompany it , gradually get louder . the boss rush forward and look up with he binocular : " clumsy great thing ! we boy will have they down in five minute . they be too clumsy . what ! -- only six of we up . where be the rest of we fellow ? " sudden consternation of the group at something unseen . a machine fall in flame and crash in the distance . boss : " go on - - up at he . " a loud report . Far off another aeroplane crash in flame . roxana : " poor boy - - it 's get he . " boss : " they be both come down . coward ! " roxana : " but they can not use gas - - how can they use gas ? -- when we have the hostage . " the boss turn and look at the hostage . " ah ! the hostage ! I be not do yet . lead they out -- there . tie them up . out there in the open . where they can be see . " Guards take Mary and harding out to the open and tie they up to two post . closer shot of Mary and harding be tie to the post . they look at one another with steady eye . then they look up at the sky . the boss come over to they , brandish he pistol . he shout up to the sky : " come down , or I shoot they . be you bombing you own hostage ? come down or I shoot . " he remember cabal . " where 's the other fellow ? he 's the Prize hostage . he 's the best of all . they will know he . four of you -- go and fetch he .... " a deep soft thud and a bomb explode some distance off . the sound the bomb make be not a sharp explosive report ; it be more like the whoof of a puff of steam . a soldier cry out : " be it gas ? " the boss wave he pistol at Mary and harding . " you anyhow , shall die before I do . " roxana stand near he . another bomb thud nearer . the boss point he pistol at harding with a expression of desperate resolution , but roxana knock it up as he fire . boss : " you turn against I ? " roxana : " do not you see - - he 's beat you . look ! " Soldiers in the distance be see staggering and fall . the gas this time be transparent , and be available only as a sort of shimmer heat haze . the foreground now be still perfectly clear , but the middle distance be flicker . roxana rush to Mary and cling to she : " Mary -- I never do you any harm . I save you father . I save you . could not you call up to you man - - to stop this ... " crescendo of whoof close at hand . whoof. whoof. whoof . the gas increase and creep nearer and nearer . the picture concentrate on the face of the boss . the boss look with amazement at he man gradually succumb to the gas . he start and pull himself together . boss : " shoot they - - what be you all do -- why do not you move . I will not have it like this . what 's happen ? everything be go swimmy ! everything be swim . " he wipe he hand across he eye as if he can no longer see or think distinctly . he wipe he mouth and rub he eye . his face be suddenly distort in a last violent effort to resist the gas . the flicker of the gas be now all over the screen . the flicker become violent so that it be as if one see the face of the boss through disturb water . boss : " shoot , I say ! shoot. shoot . we have never shot enough yet . we never shot enough . we spare they . this intellectual ! this contriver ! this expert ! now they have get we . we world or theirs . what do a few hundred of they matter ? we have be weak -- weak . kill they like vermin ! kill all of they !... why should I be beat like this ? weakness ! weakness ! weakness be fatal .... shoot ! " the flicker broaden out to a swirl dissolve of outwardly move circle . the dark figure of cabal appear through the swirl . he be wear he great mask again and there be no sign of collapse about he . cabal : " you sentries seem to have go to sleep . so I come out .... all the town be go to sleep .... you make we do it . " abruptly the picture become clear again . the boss sprawl headlong as it do so . as he become insensible you be no longer suppose to see thing with he eye . he fall exactly at the moment when the swirl end . the tall black figure of cabal now stand up in the foreground . all the rest be lie insensible before he .... pause . cabal : " and now for the World of the airmen and a new start for mankind . " the camera pause at the side of cabal so that only the side of he head and shoulder and arm frame the picture . you do not get cabal all in the picture again . you see the profile of he mask and he black arm and hand . Mary be in a sit position at the foot of the post to which she be tie and roxana be group very gracefully across she foot . the boss sprawl on he face in the foreground with he clench fist outstretch . harding droops from he post . burton a little further off lie on a heap of rubble and beyond be soldier and attendant . cabal come nearer to the group . " you might be more comfortable , harding , " he say , and release the rope , lowering the inanimate harding into a sit position . " so . " then he turn to the two woman . " well , my dear , you must sleep for a time . there 's nothing more to be do . " he stand look at they . Close up of the two woman 's face in repose . Mary be quietly peaceful . roxana even when she be insensible contrive to be attractive . cabal 's voice be hear . cabal : " Mary . and Madame roxana ! queer contrast . Madame roxana . a pretty thing and a very pretty thing and what 's to be do with this very pretty thing ? the eternal adventuress . a common pretty woman who do not work . a lady ! she have pluck . charm . brain enough for infinite mischief . and a sort of energy . she will play she pretty eye at man to the end of hertime . now the boss go the way of the money grubber , I suppose it will be we turn . wherever power be , she will follow . and let I confess to you , young woman , now that you can not hear I or take any advantage of I , that consider my high responsibility and my dignify year , I find you a lot more interesting and disturbing than I ought to do . Men be man , you say , to the end of they day . you get at we . I wish we could keep you under gas always . there be much to be say for the harem idea . must you still be up to you trick in we new world ? " the view of the camera widen to take in all the slumbering body . cabal : " the new world , with the old stuff . we job be only beginning . " Dawn break over everytown . Dawn sky . vista of a side street . sleep figure lie scattered about . Gordon and a knot of companion , several young airmen and two woman , also in black leather , come through the ruin . they be no longer mask . one of they tear down a rosette flag in pass . first young airman : " they will sleep for another day . " second airman : " well , we have give them a whiff of civilisation at last . " first airman : " nothing like put child to sleep when they be naughty . " on the outskirt of the town , wonder country people in they coarse canvas clothes and sabot be see come down the hillside against the familiar skyline . people come into the Square which be litter with sleeper . some of the sleeper be beginning to stir . a bunch of the new airmen in they black costume , but not mask or helmete , appear and walk across the scene . people stare at the airmen , the back of the unkempt head very big in silhouette in the foreground of the picture . it be decadent barbarism watch the return of civilisation . return to the council room , the board room , at the aerodrome at basra . much great activity be now see through the window . Big lorry be run about . people go to and for . aeroplane of novel type be go up in group of seven , squadron after squadron . the table be now cover with map and a group of secretary stand ready to give any help . costume , very slightly " futuristic , " severe , and mostly mechanic ' or air costume . the same council be present , but in addition cabal be now a dominant figure beside the Chairman . cabal lean over a map : " this be how I conceive we plan of operation . settle , organise , advance . this zone , then that . at last wing over the whole world and the new world begin . more and more it will become a round - up of brigands .... " the airmen 's War . many aeroplane of strange and novel shape rise into the air . they fill the sky . a brief air fight between three old normal fight aeroplane and one of the new aeroplane . over a ruinous landscape , brigands with flag and old military uniform in flight as the new aeroplane overhead bomb they . the bomb explode and gas overcome the brigands . Sky write by the new plane : surrender . brigands crawl from hide place and surrender , hand over they head . brigands run out from the house of another town as the aeroplane approach . they surrender . the sky dot with the new aeroplane . hundred of man drop from the sky with parachute . the brigands stand wait . a line of prisoner march . they carry regimental flag . they be the last rag vestige of the regular army of the old order . it be the end of organised war at last . a group of the new airmen watch they march - past . overhead the new aeroplane be hover . part X reconstruction the object of this part be to bridge , as rapidly and vigorously as possible , the transition from the year 1970 to the year 2054 . a age of enormous mechanical and industrial energy have to be suggest by a few moment of picture and music . the music should begin with a monstrous clangour and come down to a smoother and smoother rhythm as efficiency prevail over stress . the shot dissolve rapidly on to one another , and be bridge with enigmatic and eccentric mechanical movement . the small figure of man move among the monstrosity of mechanism , more and more dwarf by they accumulate intensity . a explosive blast fill the screen . the smoke clear , and the work of the engineer of this new age loom upon we . first , there be a great clearance of old material and a preparation for new structure . gigantic crane swing across the screen . Old ruin steel framework be tear down . Shots be give of the clear up of old building and ruin . then come shot suggest experiment , design and the make of new material . a huge power station and machine detail be show . digging machine be see make a gigantic excavation . conveyer belt carry away the debris . stress be laid on the work of excavation because the everytown of the year 2054 will be dig into the hill . it will not be a skyscraper city . a chemical factory with a dark liquid bubbling in giant retort , work swiftly and smoothly . masked worker go to and for . the liquid be pour out into a mould machine that be make wall for new building . the metal scaffold of the new town be be make and great slab of wall from the mould machine be place in position . the line of the new subterranean city of everytown begin to appear , bold and colossal . swirl river rapid be see give place to a deep control flow of water as a symbol of material civilisation gain control of nature . a fantasia of powerful rotate and swinging form carry on a broad stream of music conclude this part . flash the date a.d. 2054 . a loud querulous voice break across the conclude phase of this " Transition " music . " I do not like this mechanical triumph . " the voice be the voice of theotocopulos , the rebel artist of the new era . his face become visible , very big on the screen . he speak with force and bitterness : " I do not like this machinery . I do not like > this machinery . all this wheel go round . everything go so fast and slick . no . " the camera recede from he until he be see to be sit at the foot of a great mass of marble . he be wear the white overall of a sculptor and carry a mallet and a chisel . a second sculptor , a bearded man , come into the picture . " well , what can we do about it ? " theotocopulos , as if he reveal the most obscure secret , " talk . " the bearded man shrug he shoulder and grimace humorously as if towards a third interlocutor in the auditorium . theotocopulos explode : " talk . Radio be everywhere . this modern world be full of voice . I be go to talk all this machinery down . " the beard man : " but will they let you ? " theotocopulos imperiously : " they will let I . I shall call my talk , Art and life . that sound harmless enough . and I will go for this brave New World of theirs -- tooth and claw . " flash back to date . a.d. 2054 . part XI the Little girl learn about the New World a large space , rather than a room , partake of the nature of a conservatory and large draw - room . there be neither pillar nor right - angle join . the roof curve gently over the space . beautiful plant and a fountain in a basin . through the plant one catch a glimpse of the City Ways . a old gentleman of a hundred and ten year or thereabout , but good look and well - preserve , sit in a arm-chair . a pretty little girl ( 8 - 9 ) lie on a couch and look at a piece of apparatus on which picture appear . it have a simple control knob . some strange pet animal , perhaps a capuchin monkey , be play with a ball on the rug . a doll in a exaggerated costume of the period lie on a seat . girl : " I like this History Lessons . " the apparatus be show lower New York from above - - a aeroplane travelogue . little girl : " what a funny place New York be -- all stick up and full of window . " old man : " they build house like that in the old day . " little girl : " why ? " old man : " they have no light inside they city as we have . so they have to stick the house up into the day- light -- what there be of it . they have no properly mix and condition air . " he manipulate the knob and show a similar view of Paris or Berlin . " everybody live half out of door . and window of soft brittle glass everywhere . the Age of window last four century . " the apparatus show row of window , crack , break , mend , etc . it be a brief fantasia on the theme of window do in the grierson style . old man : " they never seem to realise that we could light the interior of we house with sunshine of we own , so that there would be no need to poke we house up ever so high into the air . " little girl : " be not the people tired go up and down that stair ? " old man : " they be all tired and they have a disease call cold . everybody have cold and cough and sneeze and run at the eye . " little girl : " what 's sneeze ? " old man : " you know . atishoo ! " the little girl sit up very greatly delighted . little girl : " atishoo . everyone say atishoo . that must have be funny . " old man : " not so funny as you think . " little girl : " and you remember all that , great - grandfather ? " old man : " I remember some of it . cold we have and we have indigestion too - - from the queer bad food we eat . it be a poor life . never really well . " little girl : " do people laugh at it ? " old man : " they have a way of grin at it . they call it humour . we have to have a lot of humour . I have live through some horrid time , my dear . oh! horrid ! little girl : " horrid ! I do not want to see or hear about that . the Wars , the wandering sickness and all that dreadful year . none of that will come again , great grand - dad ? ever ? " old man : " not if progress go on . " little girl : " they keep on invent new thing now , do not they ? and make life lovelier and lovelier ? " old man : " yes .... lovelier -- and bolder .... I suppose I be a old man , my dear , but some of it seem almost like go too far . this Space gun of theirs that they keep on shoot . " little girl : " what be this Space gun , great - grandfather ? " old man : " it be a gun they discharge by electricity -- it 's a lot of gun one inside the other - - each one discharge the next inside . I do not properly understand that . but the cylinder it shoot out at last , go so fast that it go -- swish -- right away from the earth . " little girl ( entrance ) : " what ! right out into the sky ! to the star ? " old man : " they may get to the star in time , but what they shoot at now be the moon . " little girl : " you mean they shoot cylinder at the moon ! poor old moon ! " old man : " not exactly at it . they shoot the cylinder so that it travel round the other side of the moon and come back and there 's a safe place in the Pacific Ocean where it drop . they get more and more accurate . they say they can tell within twenty mile where it will come back and they keep the sea clear for it . you see ? " little girl : " but how splendid . and can people go in the cylinder ? can I go when I grow up ? and see the other side of the moon ! and plump back ker-splosh ! into the sea ! " old man : " oh ! they have not send man and woman yet , that 's what all the trouble 's about . that 's what theotocopulos be make the trouble about . " little girl : " theo -cotto - - " old man : " theotocopulos . " little girl : " what a funny name ! " old man : " it 's a Greek name . he 's the descendant of a great artist call El greco . thetocopulos -- like that . " little girl : " and he make trouble you say ? " old man : " oh , never mind . " little girl : " it would not hurt to go to the moon ? " old man : " we do not know . some people say yes -- some people say no . they have send mouse round . " little girl : " mice that have go round the moon ! " old man : " they get break up , poor little beasty ! they do not know how to hold on when the bump come . that 's why there 's all this talk of send a man , perhaps . he would know how to hold on .... " little girl : " he would have to be brave , would not he ?... I wish I could fly round the moon . " old man : " that in time , my dear . wo not you come back to you history picture again ? " little girl : " I be glad I do not live in the old world . I know that John cabal and he airmen tidy it up . do you see John cabal , great -grand -dad ? " old man : " you can see he in you picture , my dear . " little girl : " but you see he when he live , you really see he ? " old man : " yes . I see the great John cabal with my own eye when I be a little boy . a lean brown old man with hair as white as mine . " a still of John cabal be show as we see he in the council at basra . the old man add : " he be the grandfather of we oswald cabal , the President of we Council . " little girl : " just as you be my great-grandfather ? " the old man pat the little girl . the scene should be wipe out by the next presentation , which show a hand and a arm on a table . the arm carry a light gauntlet and on the gauntlet be a kind of identification disc on which one read the word : " oswald cabal , President of the Council of direction . " such identification plate on the wrist or arm be a usual feature of the costume of the period . part xii the New generation this hand and arm be hold for a moment . the finger drum on the table in a manner reminiscent of John cabal in part III . it be a inherite habit . then the camera recede to show oswald cabal seat in he private room in the administrative office of the city of everytown . the room be of the same easy style of architecture as the precede scene . there be no window and no corner , but across a kind of animated frieze , a band of wall , above cabal 's head , there sweep phantom cloud and wave , wave tree , cluster of flower and the like in a perpetual silent sequence of decorative effect . there be a large televisor disc and telephone and other apparatus on the desk before cabal . oswald cabal be a calmer , young - look version of he ancestor . his hair be dark and like all hair in the new world trimly dress . his costume be of a white silken material with very slight and simple embroidery . in its fineness and whiteness and in its breadth across the shoulder it contrast acutely with the close black aviator costume of John cabal . cabal say to a unseen interlocutor : " then I take it this Space gun have pass all its preliminary trial and that nothing remain now but the selection of that who be to go . " the picture broaden out , and we see that cabal be not alone . he be in conference with two engineer . they wear dark and simple clothes in the broad -shoulder fashion of the age -- not leather work - clothes or anything of that sort . in a age of mechanical perfection there be no need for overall and grease - proof clothing . one sit on a chair of modernist form . ( all furniture be metallic . ) the other lean familiarly against a table . first engineer : " that 's go to be the trouble . " second engineer : " there be thousand of young people apply -- young man and young woman . I never dreamt the moon be so attractive . " first engineer : " practically the gun be perfect now . there be risk but reasonable risk . and the position of the moon in the next three or four month give we the best condition for get there . it be only the choice of the two now that matter . " cabal : " well ? " second engineer : " there be go to be difficulty . that man theotocopulos be talk on the radio about it . " cabal : " he 's a fantastic creature . " second engineer : " yes , but he be make trouble . it be not go to be easy to choose this young people . " cabal : " with all that thousand offer ? " first engineer : " we have look into thousand of case . we have reject everyone of imperfect health . or anyone who have friend who object . and the fact be , Sir - - . we wish you would talk to two people . there be Raymond passworthy of General fabric . you know he ? " cabal : " quite well . his great- grandfather know mine . " first engineer : " and he son . " second engineer : " we want you to see the son , Sir --maurice passworthy . " cabal : " why ? " first engineer : " he ask to go . " cabal : " with whom ? " second engineer : " we think you have better see he . he be wait here . " cabal consider and then lift he gauntlet and touch a spot on it . a faint musical sound respond . he say : " be maurice passworthy wait .... yes .... send he up . " almost immediately a panel open in the wall and a slender , rather lightly - clad , good - look young man appear . cabal stand up and look at he . " you want to talk with I ? " the two engineer bow and retire . maurice passworthy : " forgive I , Sir . I come straight to you . " cabal : " you ask a favour ? " maurice passworthy : " a very big favour , I want to be one of the first two human being to see the other side of the moon . " cabal : " it mean danger . great hardship anyhow . there be a even chance , they say , you may never come back . and a still great chance of come back crippled . " maurice passworthy : " give I credit for not mind that , Sir . " cabal : " a lot of you young people do not mind that . but why should you be favour ! " maurice passworthy : " well , sir , I be the son of a friend of yours . people seem to feel -- you ought not to send two people you do not know - - " he leave he sentence unfinish . cabal : " go on . " maurice passworthy : " we have talk about this over and over again . " cabal : " we ? " maurice passworthy : " you stand for so much in the New World , the great World of to - day , " cabal be lean against he desk and think . he look keenly at the young man 's face . " we ? " he repeat . maurice passworthy : " both of we . it be she idea even more than it be mine . " cabal be mind have already leapt forward to what be come . " her idea ? who be she ? " maurice passworthy : " some one much closer to you than I be , Sir . " cabal , quietly : " tell I . " maurice passworthy : " we have be fellow student this three year . " cabal impatiently : " yes - - yes but tell I . " maurice passworthy : " it be you daughter , Sir -- Catherine . she say that you can not possibly send anyone 's child , but you own . " cabal , after a pause : " I might have know . " maurice passworthy : " you see , Sir - - " cabal : " I see . my daughter .... funny that I never think of she as anything but a little girl . quite out of this .... my Catherine . " maurice passworthy : " she be eighteen . " cabal : " a ripe age .... I be a little -- take by surprise . and you two have think it all out . " maurice passworthy : " it 's so plain , Sir . " cabal : " yes , it 's plain . it 's just . it be exactly as thing ought to be . exactly . all this other thousand will have to wait they turn .... sit down here . tell I how first you come to know my Catherine ? " maurice passworthy : " ever since we begin to work together . it seem so natural , Sir . she 's so straight and simple .... " cabal and maurice passworthy sit down for a talk and the picture fade out . cabal have still to assimilate this novel idea . Close up of cabal . it be half a hour later . he be no longer in he bureau . he be stand in a dark recess against a gracefully pattern wall . a small clear sound be hear and he attend to the telephone disc on he gauntlet . " yes .... who be it ?... Raymond passworthy .... certainly .... " he wait for half a second . " be that Raymond passworthy ? yes . I have be talk to you son for half a hour . yes . he be a splendid youngster .... you want to talk to I . at you service .... I be go to see my daughter at the athletic Club . he be meeting she there . he have just go to she . would you care to walk with I through the City Ways and out through the weather ?... I will be with you .... " scene change to a view of one of the high - flung City Ways in the brightly - light cavernous everytown of 2055 . here for the first time one see the ordinary social type of the year 2055 at close hand , they costume and they bear . no one be rag and only one man be wear any sort of work costume . he be a gardener and he be spraying some of the flower . the general type of costume be reminiscent of man 's costume in tudor day , vary very widely between simplicity and ornateness ( see memorandum ante ) . some of the young woman be very lightly and simply clad , but other be more consciously " costume . " one see also the very bold and decorative architecture of this semi - subterranean city and the use of run water and novel and beautiful plant and flowering shrub in decoration . in the sustained bright light and condition air of the new everytown , and in the hand of skilful gardener , vegetation have take on a new vigour and loveliness . people pass . people gather in knot and look down on the great space below . the figure of cabal and passworthy come walk across the foreground of this scene . passworthy be a finer , fitter version , leaner , cleaner and trimmer , of he ancestor the passworthy of the open scene . he walk talk with cabal for some pace , with the city scene pass panorama fashion behind , and then the two come to a stop , lean against a parapet look down on the city and talk earnestly . passworthy : " I grant you the reality of the progress the world have make since the airmen take control . it have be a century of marvel . but can not we have too much of progress ? here I agree be a lovely world in which we be live . a little artificial -- but admirable at last . the triumph of human invention and human will . Comfort , beauty , security . we light be brighter than the sunshine outside and never before have mankind breathe so sweet a air . we have get the better of nature . why should we still drive on so urgently ? " cabal : " because it be in the nature of life to drive on . the most unnatural thing in life be contentment . " passworthy : " contentment ! contentment be Heaven ! " cabal : " and this be not heaven . " passworthy : " no. indeed not . when son rebel against they father . " cabal : " and father listen to they daughter . we be both father of rebel child , eh ? a old problem , passworthy . a child that be not a rebel be a vain repetition . what to do with we son and daughter ? father like you and I be ask that question in the Stone Age . " passworthy : " but to hurl they at the moon ! " cabal : " they hurl themselves . " passworthy : " desperate young people . why should they be willing ? " cabal : " humanity be tough stuff . if it be not for the desperate young people it would not have get very far . " passworthy : " anyone who attempt such a expedition must be kill . you know that . lose for ever on that freeze world . " cabal : " they be not go to the moon ; they be go round it . " passworthy : " that 's a quibble . " cabal : " they will come back . " passworthy : " if I could believe that ! " cabal : " the best thing for we both be to believe it . " passworthy : " why should we child be choose for a thing like this ? " cabal : " Science ask for the best . " passworthy : " but my boy ! always such a impetuous little devil . all very well for you , cabal . you be the great - grandson of John cabal , the air dictator - - who change the course of the world . experiment be in you blood . you -- and you daughter ! I be , I be more normal . I do not believe my boy would ever have think of it . but the two of they get together . they want to go together . cabal : " they will come back together . this time there be to be no attempt to land on the moon . " passworthy : " and when be this -- this great experiment to be make ? how long be we to have they before they go ? " cabal ( a little disingenuously ) : " I do not know . " passworthy : " but when ? " cabal : " when the Space gun be ready again . " passworthy : " you mean some time this year ? " cabal : " soon . " passworthy : " in the old day it be different . father have authority then . I should have say ' no , ' and that would have settle it . " cabal : " father have say ' no ' since the Stone Age . " passworthy : " and be there no save of we child from this madness ? " cabal : " but would it be save we child ? " passworthy : " yes - - it would . " cabal : " for what ? " passworthy ( burst out ) : " Children be bear to be happy . Young people should take life lightly . there be something horrible in this immolation -- it be nothing less than immolation - - at eighteen and twenty - one . " cabal : " do you think I have no feeling like yours ? that I do not love my daughter ?... I be snatching a hour to -day - just to see she and look at she while I can . all the same , I shall let she go ... when the time come . " passworthy : " where be they now ? " cabal : " she be away at the athletic Club in the hill -- in training . you son be there now . come with I and see they . face to face with they we may not feel just as we do here . anyhow it will be well to be with they a bit .... it 's fine outside . will you come -- do you mind come out in the weather with I ? " passworthy : " mind ? I be a open-air man . this condition air may be better for we with its extra oxygen and so on , and the light here steadier and brighter , but give I the old sky and the wind on the heath , brother , and the snow and the rain , the quick change and the nightfall . I do not really love this human ant -hill in which we live . " cabal : " we will go and talk to the young people . " the next scene be introduce chiefly to give a exterior view of the new everytown . the old familiar hill - contour be in the background and quite recognisable , but the old town itself under the open sky have disappear and give place to a few terrace and exterior structure . there be unfamiliar architectural form , grass slope and formal tree . it be very tranquil and beautiful , the apotheosis of everytown . a few aeroplane of novel structure pass across the sky . cabal and passworthy have change they costume to something more suitable for the open air , a fabric of the cloth type instead of silky wear , and they have cloak . the sky be cloudy , the weather be showery , and in contrast to the serenity of the city the sunlight drift in patch across the scene . along a wide highway flow a almost noise - less traffic of streamline vehicle that come and go through a great entrance , far more brightly light than the world outside . passworthy ( with a effort to be easy - minded ) : " here we be up in the weather . back to nature . well , well -- do not you feel the better for it ? " cabal : " if I do I should make trouble for we ventilation department . I will confess I like the vary breeze and the shadow of the cloud -- now and then . " passworthy : " what change that old hill there have see in the last two century . prosperity . war. want. pestilence . this New amazing World . look at it now . " cabal : " and the change it have see be nothing to the change it be destine to see . " passworthy : " that old hill there . they be the only thing we great - grandfather would recognise . I suppose they too in they turn will be sweep away . " cabal : " all thing be sweep away in they turn . blame nature for that , not man . " passworthy : " there 's some open - air people play that old game of golf away there . it 's a good game . I swing a club a bit myself . I do not suppose you do ? " cabal : " I do not . why should I ? " passworthy : " it keep one from think . " cabal lift he eyebrow . passworthy : " it could not keep I from think to - day anyhow . oh ! I can not keep my mind off it ! this young people of ours ! my heart aches . I feel it here .... I be out of sort with this modern world and all this progress . I suppose we city be all very fine and vital , and the countryside trimmer and lovelier -- if you like -- than it be in the day of competition and scramble . I suppose there be hardly a bramble or a swamp or a thicket leave in the world . why can not we rest at this ? why must we go on -- and go on more strenuously than ever ? " cabal : " would you stop all think and work for ever more ? " passworthy : " oh , not exactly that . " cabal : " then what do you mean ? a little think but not very much ? a little work but nothing serious ? " passworthy : " well , moderation . go on if you like -- but go easily . " cabal : " you think I drive ? that my sort drive ? " passworthy : " if you must have the truth -- yes -- you drive -- damnably . " cabal : " no. nature drive . she drive and kill . she be man 's mother , and she be he incessant enemy . she bear all she child in hate and struggle . beneath this surface of plenty and security she be still contrive mischief . a hundred year ago she do she best with what she find in we , to keep we hand and heart turn against each other and make we destroy ourselves by war . she add she own peculiar little contribution to that -- the pestilence . well , we win that battle . people forget already how hardly it be win . now she want to turn we very success against we , tempt we to be indolent , fantastic , idler and pleasure - lover -- betray ourselves in another fashion . a hundred year ago man like you say that war do not matter , and it be my sort have to end it . and now you say go on do not matter . life could not be better . let the new generation play -- waste the life that be in they .... a planet - load of holiday maker , spin to destruction . just a crown festival before the dark . " the Hall of the athletic Club . it be a glaze loggia , a half out - of - door place , and it have immense window of flexible glass . outside be water chute down which athlete ( of either sex ) flash with great swiftness . what they do be not very clear . it be as if they sky down a waterfall . you get only a dim impression of people flash by and of rush water and a rocky waterfall . a few spectator stand within the loggia , and there be a come and go of young athlete and visitor . cabal and passworthy enter . they approach one of the immense window . a spectator stand there already . the spectator follow excitedly the feat outside . he lean against the glass . the flexible glass give to the pressure and produce a distort view of the rocky scene outside . then as the spectator withdraw he hand the window adjust itself . passworthy : " here again every day someone be injure or kill ! why should anyone be kill ? " cabal : " everything be do to eliminate the clumsy one before a accident occur . but how be we to save the race from degeneration unless this sort of thing go on ? " passworthy : " my God ! look at that fellow - - " several spectator rush to the window . cabal : " he 's all right . " passworthy : " and here they be ! " he direct cabal 's attention towards the doorway . from the doorway Catherine cabal and maurice passworthy approach cabal and passworthy . the two young people be now both in athletic costume , very light , revealing they graceful young body . Catherine cabal be a little slighter than maurice , pretty but determine . they come forward to greet they parent , a little shyly . maurice halt . Catherine go up to she father , look he in the eye for a moment , be satisfied by what she see there , and kiss he . he hold she to he for a moment and then release she . neither say a word . passworthy ( try to take thing lightly ) : " well , young people . what have you be do ? " maurice : " just a turn at the water chute . no time for anything else . " passworthy : " how many kill to -day ? " maurice : " no one . one fellow slip and break he thigh -- but he 's be take care of . he will be well in a week . I just miss he as he fall . or I might have come a cropper too . " passworthy : " be not life dangerous enough without do this thing ? " maurice : " my dear Father , it be not nearly dangerous enough for a properly constitute animal . since the world begin life have be live by the skin of its tooth . it 's use to it and it 's build that way . and that 's what 's the matter with we now . " passworthy : " that 's you philosophy , cabal . my boy have learn he lesson . " cabal : " not my philosophy . the philosophy of the new world . " pause . catherine , unable to remain uncertain any longer : " Father , be we to go ? " cabal : " yes - - you be to go . " catherine : " it be announce ? " cabal : " yes . " passworthy , dismay : " it 's announce ? " cabal : " why not ? " passworthy : " but -- my son ! " cabal : " the boy be of age . he have volunteer . " passworthy : " but I want to talk it over first . I want to talk it over . why have you announce it so soon ? anyhow there be still plenty of time to talk it over . " a pause . very intense scrutiny of face . Catherine and maurice look at each other and then at they parent . maurice : " not so very long now , Father . " Catherine seem about to speak but do not do so . passworthy : " I suppose we have some month yet . " catherine : " it be just one month and three day . everything be ready now . " maurice : " we could go now . the moon be come into the right position even while we be talk . but they be wait a month longer . to make sure . " passworthy : " you be go in four week ! four week ! I forbid it ! " cabal : " I think - - " maurice : " no , it 's all arrange . " passworthy : " that man theotocopulos be right . this thing must not be . it be human sacrifice . maurice my son ! " cabal take he arm . cabal : " there be still a month and more ahead of we . let we talk it over calmly , passworthy . there be a month yet . this be a shock to you . it be a shock for I . but perhaps it be less dreadful -- and something great - - than you think . consider it for a day or so . let we all dine to - gether - - let we meet in three day ' time , and tell each other plainly all that we have in we mind . " cabal be show in close - up with passworthy : " I will not come back to the city with you . there be someone else to whom I must talk . I have to talk . " passworthy : " no one be as closely interested as we be . " cabal : " I do not know . she have a kind of claim . many people would say it be as strong a claim as ours . " passworthy : " and who be that ? " cabal : " Catherine 's mother . the woman who use to be my wife .... do not you know I have a wife ? or do you think Catherine come suddenly out of my head ? like pallas athene ? I have a wife and she be very much a woman and we parte year ago . " even pass to twilight . after-sunset glow in the sky . a terrace with clipped yew tree ( new type of yew ) look out over a wide landscape with the sea in the distance . stand out against the sea be a huge heavy mortar- like structure . this be the Space gun . it be we first sight of this . it crouch monstrously , dwarf every other detail in the landscape . a certain mistiness enhance , if anything , its portentous dimension . a aeroplane sweep down and its shadow pass across the terrace . a momentary glimpse be give of cabal descend from the plane he have fly to this place . then the camera return to the terrace to await he . cabal enter and walk slowly to the terrace balustrade . he stand muse , look at the Space gun . his hand be behind he back . so he remain for some moment . he turn at a footfall and rowena enter . rowena be the descendant of roxana , the favourite of the boss of everytown in 1970 , just as oswald cabal be the descendant of John cabal . she be physically like she prototype -- the part be play by the same actress -- but she have none of the arm - akimbo dash of she ancestress . she be better breed . she be dress much more beautifully and with nothing of roxana 's sluttish magnificence , and she gesture be well under control . rowena : " and so at last I be permit to see you again . " cabal : " you hear the news quickly , rowena . " rowena : " it be all over the world now . " cabal : " already ? " rowena : " on the air everywhere . the whole world talk of nothing else . why have you do this thing to I ? we daughter ! " cabal : " I do not do this to you . she determine to go . what do you want with I ? " rowena : " you be a monster . you and you kind be monster . you science and you new order have take away you soul and put machine and theory in the place of they . it be well I leave you when I do . " cabal : " and you have come here -- you have insisted on see I in order to tell I that -- now . " rowena : " not only that . I forbid you to send we daughter on this mad expedition . " cabal : " we daughter ! my daughter . you leave she to I when you go away . and she go - - of she own free will . " rowena : " because you have poison she mind . she , I suppose , be one of the new sort of woman just as you be one of the new sort of man . do you think I do not care for she , simply because you have never let I see she ? " cabal : " usually you have be on the other side of the earth . love-hunt . " rowena : " reproach I ! all the same I care . who leave I love-hungry ?... cabal , have you no pity ? have you no imagination ? if I can not forbid - - well , then I implore . think of that body of hers -- scarcely more than a child 's body -- crush , break , freeze ! " cabal : " I will not . one can think too much of body , rowena . " rowena : " hard you be and terrible . what be you do with life , cabal ? " cabal : " Soft you be and sensuous . what be you do with life ? " rowena : " you turn it to steel . " cabal : " you fritter it away . " rowena : " who make I fritter it away ? I have be want to meet you face to face for year , and have this out with you . I hate leave you . but you make life too high and hard for I . " cabal : " I hate you go . but you make life too distract and vexatious for I . I love you -- but loving you be a all - time task . I have work to do . " rowena : " what work ? " cabal : " the everlast work of fight danger and death and decay for mankind . " rowena : " fanatic ! where be danger and death to -day ? " cabal : " in ambush everywhere . " rowena : " you go out to meet they . " cabal : " I have rather be the hunter than the hunt . " rowena : " but if you be hunt danger and death all the time , what be there leave of life ? " cabal : " courage , adventure , work - - and a increase power and greatness . " rowena : " give I love . " cabal : " you leave I for that . poor love-huntress . my love be not good enough -- not flatter enough -- not sedulous enough . have you ever find that love of you dream ? be there ever a lover who make you feel as glorious as you want to be ? could any lover do that ? wherever you find love , you grip it as a child pluck a flower - - and you kill it . " rowena : " have I be anything but human ? " cabal : " no . " rowena : " I have love after my nature . even if at last I have to grow old and die . " cabal : " but let I live after my nature . you may want love , but I want the star . " rowena : " but love too ! you want human love once , cabal . " cabal : " I want my work more . " rowena : " but be not that girl of ours at least human ? as I be ? be not she entitle to the freshness of life - - to the novelty of life ? be she to begin where you leave off ? suppose after all love do come to a end -- get find out ? why should not she have she year of delusion and excitement ? " cabal : " and end in futility ? Left behind by all you loving ? paint ? in a imitation of youth ? cling to passion ? " rowena : " oh you can sting . which of the two be futility ? to obey you impulse or deny they ? that girl , I tell you , be a human be , and she have to follow the human way . she 's a woman . " cabal : " not one of the old son , rowena . not of you sort . do you think that everything else in human life be go to alter , scale and power and speed , and man and woman remain as they have always be ? this be a New World we be live in . it drive to new and great destiny . and that desperate old love story which have be act and tell so often , as though it be the very core of life , be almost finish with . " rowena : " and you think she have finish with it ? " cabal : " what do you know of we daughter ? what do you know , you love-huntress , of the creative drive a woman can feel as well as a man ? she have love and she love ; she have find a mate and they be drive on together . shoulder to shoulder . almost forget each other in they happy identification . she life for the endless adventure - - as he life for the endless adventure . and that be the increase of human knowledge and power -- for ever .... " rowena : " cabal , all man be fool about woman . all of they . that girl of yours . and you endless adventure ! you think she be a new sort of woman . there be no new sort of woman . she fly off -- with she lover . well , what sort of woman would not -- old sort or new sort ? what could be more glorious ? " cabal : " anyhow she shall fly off . " rowena : " the new sort of man seem to I to be very like the old sort of mule . now tell I , tell I , if man be go to give themselves to this everlast adventure of yours , what be to become of woman ? " cabal : " there 's no sex in that sort of adventure . it be as open to you as it be to we . Drop the old sex romance . come and work with we . " rowena : " work with you ! " cabal : " why not ? you have hand and brain . " rowena : " you mean , my dear , work for you . there speak the old sort of man ask woman to be he slave . when it come to woman , be the new sort of man any different from the old ? " cabal : " why for we and not with we ? " rowena : " because you man have a way of take the lead and get hold of thing . " cabal : " very well ! for we if you like . and why not ? pick you man for the work he do , and the power he have . follow he and be he woman ? " rowena : " we , we woman , be to help and comfort and cherish -- play the role of handmaid - - to the end of thing ? " cabal : " if that 's how you be make , and it seem to be how you be make ; why not ? " rowena : " it be not how we be make . " cabal : " if you be not make for knowledge and power as man be , if you be not make to serve knowledge and power , then what on earth be you make for ? if you be more than a love - huntress , what do you dream you be hunt ? " rowena : " oh , we argue like this fifteen year ago ? " cabal : " Fifteen year ago ! this argument begin before the Stone Age . " rowena : " and it will end --! will it ever end ? " cabal : " never for we , rowena . never -- for generation yet . you go you way after you fashion -- and I go mine . " rowena : " and that be you last word for I -- you who once knelt at my foot ! " Old memory come back to cabal , a rush of forget emotion . he turn towards she . he seem full of thing he cannot express and he say nothing . fade out of the two face each other in the twilight , man and woman , bereaved of all the illusion they ever have for one another and still -- perplex . cabal be in he brightly - light office again . he still wear he out - of- door cloak and he sit down with a certain weariness . he turn to the apparatus on he desk . " and now let we hear what Mr. theotocopulos have to say about it all . this be the time for he . " he touch a button . " I want to hear and see theotocopulos . he must be talk now upon the mirror everywhere . " then the scene be change to a great open space in which a big crowd have assemble before a gigantic screen at the head of a flight of stair . theotocopulos be see in the midst of a group of friend . he be no longer in he sculptor 's overall . he be dress in a ornate , richly - embroider , coloured satin costume , with a great cloak about he which he flourish dramatically . he be ascend by the side of the gigantic screen in comparison with which he and he party be quite minute . they glance at the crowd and they voice be lose in the general babble . they pass behind the gigantic mirror and then suddenly theotocopulos appear in the mirror , vastly magnify , and he voice dominate all other sound . the crowd of small figure sway with excitement as he prepare to begin . then the picture go back to cabal sit in he study and prepare to listen to the discourse of theotocopulos . the room be silent . then a confuse sound like the sound of a crowd be hear and the televisor disc become cloudy . cabal make a adjustment and the sound and the picture become clear together . the televisor disc advance so as to occupy the great area of the screen . it be frame below by cabal 's head and shoulder . " what be all this progress ? what be the good of this progress ? onward and onward . we demand a halt , we demand a rest . the object of life be happy live .... " cabal : " one would think the object of life be everlast repetition . " " we will not have life sacrifice to experiment . progress be not live , it should only be the preparation for live . " cabal stand up , walk a few pace away from the disc , and turn to hear more . " let we be just to this people who rule over we . let we not be ungrateful . they have tidy up the world . they have tidy it up marvelously . order and magnificence be achieve , knowledge increase . oh God , how it increase ! " ( laughter . ) cabal grimly : " so they laugh at that . " " still the hard drive go on . they find work for all of we . we think this be to be the Age of Leisure . but be it ? we must measure and compute , we must collect and sort and count . we must sacrifice ourselves . we must live for -- what be it ? -- the species . we must sacrifice ourselves all day and every day to this incessant spread of knowledge and order . we gain the whole world -- and at what a price ! Greater sacrifice and still great . and at last they lead we back to the supreme sacrifice -- the sacrifice of human life . they stage the old Greek tragedy again and a father offer up he daughter to he evil god . " with a impatient movement cabal extinguish the televisor . " and that voice be sounding over all the world . I wonder what the world be make of it . " he face he apartment . " we might suppress it . " make a end of free expression . that would be the beginning of the end of progress . " no . they have to hear he , and make what they can of he . but I wish I could be all over the world now , listen with every listener . what will they make of he ? " part xiii World audience this be a sequence of scene and pass shot to portray the enormous range and the simultaneousness of think and discussion in the new world . the discourse of theotocopulos go on almost uninterruptedly except for occasional shout and outcry , until at last he come to he end . he appear in different mirror and in different frame and at time he be hear and not see . but the reality of a single person be able to speak to the whole world , so far as it be interested and will listen , and the swiftness with which a common response can be evoke at the same time in every part of the earth where listener can be find , be make plain . we see first of all the back of a considerable number of people who be dining together . they give a glimpse of the fashion of 2055 , and the tableware of a eat place . they look up at a large frame in which theotocopulos be see and hear talk . the crowd be attentive , but display little reaction to he speech . then the flash pass to the edge of a swim pool or to the border of a lawn on which a number of young people in athletic clothing applaud a wrestler who have just put down a antagonist . a man stand up and switch on a televisor and everybody listen . some of they mutter comment to each other and opinion be divide . then one pass to a number of scientific people work in a laboratory . theotocopulos be see talk on the televisor . one man be irritate and say : " oh , stop he nonsense . " theotocopulos be switch off . then a Oriental young woman with a fan , recline indolently on a couch under a window that look out upon palm , listen gravely to a oval televisor on which theotocopulos continue he speech . then there be a mountain hut with a glass window give upon a violent snowstorm . two worker in arctic costume occupy the hut ; one lie on a bed ; the other sit at a table and listen to the voice . they switch it off . " I suppose that rubbish appeal to the crowd in the town . what do they know of real work ? " a group of modeller be see in a studio . it be large , but not fundamentally different from a art studio of to -day . there have be no great change in the plastic art . in the background be the televisor . a artist be focus this and theotocopulos become visible and audible .... first modeller : " hear ! hear ! " second modeller : " no ! no ! " he turn the televisor off . " a man have a right to do what he like with himself . " first modeller : " never . that Space gun ought to be destroy . and now ! " third modeller : " the thing ought to stop . look ! " he take up a model . all : " good for theotocopulos . " FOURTH modeller : " but here ! " he hold up a ugly caricature of cabal . ( laughter . ) this be the discourse of theotocopulos which be distribute over this scene . " this people who be so kind as to manage we world for we declare that they leave we free to do as we please , they assert in season and out of season that never have there be such freedom as we have to -day . and as the price of this limitless freedom we enjoy , they ask we to ignore the hard and dreadful persistence of they own inhuman research . but be we freedom really the freedom they pretend it be ? be a man free who cannot protest at what he see and hear ? we want the freedom to arrest . we want the freedom to prevent . have they the right to use the resource of this world to torment we by the spectacle of they cruel and mad adventure ? have they the right to mar the very peace of we starry heaven by human sacrifice ? " in the old day , as we all know , there lay deep dark shadow on the happiness of man , and this shadow be call religion . you have hear of they . puritanism and the mortification of the flesh , shaven head and cropped spirit . thou shalt and thou shalt not , oppress the free heart of man . you have learn about this tyranny of the spirit in you history . that old religion be bad enough with they sacrifice and vow -- they horrible celibacy , they gloomy chanting , they persecution and inquisition . we think we be free of religion for ever . but have they really leave we -- or have they merely adopt new name and fresh mask ? I tell you this science and exploration of theirs be no more and no less than the spirit of self - immolation return to the earth in a new disguise . no more and no less . it be the old black spirit of human subjugation , love , the pitiless monster , come back in the midst of we freedom and abundance -- the old dark seriousness -- the stern unnecessary devotion . what have bring it back ? why have we all this insistence on duty and sacrifice for the young , on discipline , self - restraint and strain now ? what be the need for it now ? what do it mean ? what do it portend ? make no mistake about it ! the servitude they put upon themselves to - day they will impose upon the whole world to -morrow . be man never to rest , never to be free ? a time will come when they will want more cannon fodder for they Space gun -- when you in you turn will be force away to take you chance upon strange planet and in dreary and abominable place beyond the friendly star . I tell you we must stop this insensate strain towards strange and inhuman experience -- and we must stop it now . I say ; a end to this progress . make a end to progress now . we be content with the simple sensuous , limited , lovable life of man and we want no other . between the dark past of history and the incalculable future let we snatch to - day -- and live . what be the future to we ? give the earth peace and leave we human life alone . " a phosphorescent drusy cavity deep in the earth . a drusy cavity be a cavity in a rock into which mineral have be free to crystallise for immemorial age . there be big dark and light crystal in crowded confusion . into this the nose of a borer pierce its way laterally and come to a stop . it withdraw and two young man and a girl , in shiny , white , close - fitting clothes with glow lamp on they forehead , creep into the cavernous space . first young man : " here we be ten mile below the surface . and no molten rock but instead this aladdin 's cave . " the girl : " and precious stone ! what would not my great - grandmother have give for they ! " second young man : " I wonder what be go on up above . " he be carry a small televisor on he chest in the position of a breast - pocket and he swing it into position to look at it . the other look also over he shoulder . the televisor show theotocopulos bow and turn away . sound effect : a rush of applause . the girl : " it 's theotocopulos . he 's finish . but we know what he have to say . we have hear it all before . be there anything else ? " first young man : " this theotocopulos be a old imbecile . " second young man : " the dear little child be not to take risk any more for ever . just play with they little painty and sing they little song . " first young man : " and find out nice new peculiar way of make lovey - povey . " second young man : " but mind you , that stuff be go to stir up a lot of the lazy people in the town . they hate this endless exploration and experiment . what business be it of theirs ? it 's a sort of envy they feel . it wound they pride . they do not want to do this work themselves , but they can not suffer anyone else to do it .... " the scene change to the crowd which have assemble before the great central screen behind which theotocopulos have be talk . the crowd be disperse , and we see they face . one man say to another : " he 's right . the Space gun be a offence to every human instinct . " a woman : " if I be that man passworthy I would kill cabal . " a man : " it make I long for the good old day when there be honest warfare and simple devotion to honour and the flag . Space gun indeed ! what be the world come to ? " the woman : " I wish I would live in the good old day before all this horrible science take possession of we . " Three very old man sit in a pretty vine - cover arbour drink and talk . they be hale and hearty . they might well be lean good - look old gentleman of sixty . like all the people of the new age , they abundant hair be trim and neat -- but artificially silvere . first old man : " to - day be my birthday . " second old man : " and how much be that ? " first old man : " a hundred and two . " second old man : " I be only ninety - eight . " third old man : " but I score a hundred and nine . " first old man : " where should we have be a century ago ? " second old man : " under the earth . " first old man : " or worse . " third old man break into song : " oh you glass raise to the good old day . " chorus : " gout and rheumatics and toothless jaw . " solo : " that be go for ever , to God be praise . the dark and the haste and the dirty way . diabete and body rot . deafness and blindness , the pitiful lot . " chorus : " gout and rheumatics and toothless jaw . " third old man : " of ancient man in the good old day . " they drink to each other . first old man , after a appreciative pause : " and that 's one for theotocopulos . " a nursery of child . anno 2055 . they play with plasticine , draw on sheet of paper ( as they do at dartington ) , build with brick or run about after each other . there may be a siamese or white Persian kitten in the party or tame red squirrel scamper about . two woman in the foreground converse . first woman : " in 1900 one infant in every six die in the first year . now it be the rarest thing in the world for a infant to die . " second woman : " be it one in six ? " first woman : " that be the best in all the world . that be the English rate . and out of every hundred woman who bore child , three be doom to die . think of it : thousands of they every year . death in childbirth be now a thing unheard of . but that be the natural way of life . " a very great scientific laboratory in the year 2055 . it be in tier above tier in a huge space , so that there be hundred of worker , man and woman , mostly clad in white overall , visible . Scientific work have become multitudinous . they work at bench and table . at certain point there be vivid splutterings of light . in the foreground two man be watch some brightly illuminate globe and tank in which small fish - like creature be see move , not very distinctly . they attention be call to something off the screen and there enter a woman carry a very intelligent - look little dog . first scientific worker : " hullo ! what have you get there ? " the woman : " this be the last word in canine genetics . pavlov start this work in Russia , six score year ago . look at this little dear . it can almost talk . it will never have distemper . it will live to be thirty , good and strong . and it run like the wind . wag you tail , my darling , and thank uncle Science for you blessing . " somebody shout to the other worker : " the Dog up to date . come and look . " worker on various of the tier leave they bench and come down to see . other intent on they work disregard the excitement . a little crowd assemble about the new specimen . second scientific worker : " we must teach he to bite theotocopulos . " third scientific worker , with disgust : " oh! theotocopulos ! " the woman : " the dear old world ! I suppose you and I would have be work in a slum for fourpence a hour . instead of be friend with the very best little dog in the world . " petting . " ai not it ? yess . " crowd about the dog . first scientific worker : " most of we would hardly have learn to read -- and we should have be clerk and drudge . " second scientific worker : " or out - of -work . " the woman : " and now there be always something new and something exciting . oh ! save I from that natural life of man . " first scientific worker : " what be the natural life of man ? " second scientific worker : " lice and fleas . Endless infection . croup to begin with and cancer to finish . rotten tooth by forty . anger and spite .... and yet this fool listen to theotocopulos . they want romance ! they want flag back . War and all the nice human thing . they think we be robot -- and the drill soldier in the old day be not . they want the dear Old World of the past -- and a end to all this wick Science !... " part xiv the struggle for the Space gun the scene be a ante-room to the dining alcove where cabal , passworthy , Catherine and maurice be to dine . they dine at half - past four or five , for dinner have get back to the hour it have in the seventeenth century and lunch have disappear . people breakfast , dine and sup , and there be a great variety about the meal hour , because there be no twenty - four-hour alternation now of light and darkness . the alcove be a sort of glaze balcony project over one of the great City Ways . when the glass be close , it be quite silent . when it be open sound come up from below . on a couch maurice and Catherine sit close together , and very content with each other . they look up as if through the transparent ceiling at something in the air and then stand up as passworthy appear through a small door that lead from above . passworthy : " and so we have have we three day for reflection . have not you two think better of it ? " maurice : " we could not think better of it , Father . do not make thing hard for we . " passworthy to Catherine : " where be you father ? " catherine : " he be come here with I , but he have a call from morden mitani , who have something urgent to say to he . " passworthy : " morden mitani ? " catherine : " the Controller of traffic and order . my father wait behind to talk to he . " cabal 's apartment . cabal be greeting morden mitani , who be a efficient good - look man in a dark costume . cabal say : " I be start out to dine in the cupola building . I be already overdue . " morden mitani : " then I will not keep you here talk . I will come with you towards the cupola through the City Ways . it will be best like that . there be thing I want you to see and know about . " one of the City Ways . morden mitani and cabal walk across the scene and arrive at a vantage point on a high bridge look down over a great arena far below . mitani : " that be what I want you to see . " Far below a little straggle of people be gather into a sort of procession . camera shot at they from high above . they be sing a song of revolt . cabal : " what be they do ? be it some procession ? it straggle a lot . " mitani : " that 's -- what do they call it ? a demonstration . trouble . " cabal : " but what 's the trouble ? " mitani draw he back behind a pilaster . other people come to the bridge in order to see the crowd below . they do not observe cabal and mitani . confidential close up of cabal and mitani . mitani ( in a low tone ) : " that be the outcome of theotocopulos . he ought never to have be allow to talk on the mirror . " cabal : " the world must have free speech . we can not go back on that . people must think for themselves . " mitani : " then the world will have to have policeman again . just to keep people from act too quickly on a chance suggestion . " cabal : " what can he do ? " mitani : " people be take he very seriously . they be take he very seriously . they want to stop the fire of the Space gun by force . they talk of -- how do they put it ? -- rescue the victim . " cabal : " but what be this ? if the victim choose to go ? " mitani : " still they object . " cabal : " and if they object ? " mitani : " they will interfere with thing . they be make -- what do they use to call it ? -- a insurrection . that down there be insurrection . " cabal : " against whom ? " mitani : " against the Council . " cabal : " a insurrection ! I can not imagine it . in the past insurrection be rising of downtrodden class -- and now we have no downtrodden class . everyone do a share in the work and everyone have a share in the abundance . can mankind rise against itself ? no . that down there be just -- a little excitement . what can theotocopulos do with it ! " mitani : " he gather large crowd . that sort of thing be go on all over the city . we have no police , no troops , no weapon nowadays to keep crowd in order . we think that be do with for ever . ' rescue the victim from cabal , ' he say . he keep on against you . ' rescue the victim from cabal . ' " cabal : " be not one of they my daughter ? -- my only daughter . " mitani : " he say that merely show you hardness of heart -- show what a monster science may make out of a man . he compare you with that Greek parent who send they child to the minotaur . " cabal : " and if I send other people 's child and save my own ? " mitani : " you would be in the wrong with he anyway . " cabal : " but after all -- what can he do ? " mitani : " there be the Space gun out on the seashore . it be hardly guard at all . nothing have be guard on this planet for the past fifty year . " cabal : " then you will have to organise some sort of guard . Alter all you have you way - man and you inspection plane . that ought to be enough . and if there be much disturbance -- be not there still the Gas of peace ? " mitani " there be none . " cabal : " be there none ? " mitani : " officially anyhow . there have be no need of it . the world have be orderly because it have be happy , and it have be happy because everyone have have something to do . there have be no reason to keep any of that gas . there have be no use for it for seventy year . but now I want to call up the Council and get a sanction to make it at once -- and use it if need be . " cabal : " call the Council , but will not that take too long ? " mitani : " well , I have be anticipate a little . I have be have some make . " cabal : " that be right . we can endorse that . " mitani : " in a few hour some ton at any rate will be ready and we plane will be ready to distribute it . but still -- it will take a little time . some hour , perhaps . " cabal : " that old Gas of peace . we shall hate to use it again . but if the people will not give we the freedom of outer space - - we shall have to use it . " mitani : " I have you support then in what I be do ? " cabal : " fully . yet all this be incredible to I . insurrection ! against exploration ! mankind turn upon science and adventure . wanting to call a halt . it 's a mood , mitani . " mitani : " it be a dangerous mood . " cabal : " it 's a fit of nerve - - at the think of step off this planet and leaping into space . well -- first we must save the gun . mitani : " that first . " mitani go and cabal approach the screen . cabal in soliloquy : " have we be make the pace too hard for humanity ? humanity ! what be humanity ? be it theotocopulos ? be it dear old passworthy ? be it rowena ? be it I ? " the dining alcove . Far below , the street be see . the meal be nearly finish . cabal , passworthy , Catherine and maurice . maurice touch a button , and a plate with fruit arrive on a glassy band . maurice put the plate on the table . Catherine and he begin to eat . passworthy do not eat . he look at the young people . presently he speak . passworthy : " be not life good enough for you here ? here you be in a safe and lovely world . Young lover . just beginning life . and you want to go into that outer horror ! let someone go who be sick of life . " catherine : " they want fit young people , alert and quick . and we be fit young people . we can observe , we can come back and tell . " passworthy : " cabal ! I want to ask you one plain question . why do you let you daughter dream of go on this mad moon journey ? " cabal be sit silently in think . now he look it he daughter and answer slowly : " because I love she . because I want she to live to the best effect . dragging out life to the last possible second be not live to the best effect . the nearer the bone , the sweeter the meat . the best of life , passworthy , lie nearest to the edge of death . " Catherine stretch out she hand to he . cabal take Catherine 's hand . passworthy : " I be a break man . I do not know where honour lie . " cabal to he daughter : " my dear , I love you -- and I have no doubt . " maurice : " a century ago , no man who be worth he salt hesitate to give he life in war . when I read about that fellow in the trenches - - " cabal : " no . only a few man give they life in war . that few man be catch in some tragic and noble necessity . what the rest do be to risk they life -- and that be all you two have to do . you two have to do you utmost to come back safe and sound . and you be not the only one who be take risk to -day . have we not man explore the depth of the sea , training and make friend with dangerous animal and with danger in every shape and form , play with gigantic physical force , balance on the rim of lake of molten metal - - " passworthy : " but all that be to make the world safe for man-- safe for happiness . " cabal : " no . the world will never be safe for man - - and there be no happiness in safety . you have not get thing right , passworthy . we father and we father ' father clean up the old order of thing because it kill child , because it kill people unprepare for death , because it torment people in vain , because it outrage human pride and dignity , because it be a ugly spectacle of waste . but that be only the beginning . there be nothing wrong in suffer , if you suffer for a purpose . we revolution do not abolish death or danger . it simply make death and danger worth while . " morden mitani enter suddenly . he be in a state of intense excitement . cabal stand up abruptly with a anxious face . mitani : " cabal ! the gun be in urgent danger . it be a race against time now to save it . thing have happen very rapidly . theotocopulos be out with a crowd of people already . he be go to the Space gun now . they be go to break it up . they say it be the symbol of you tyranny . " cabal : " have they weapon ? " mitani : " bar of metal . they can smash electric cable . they can do no end of mischief . " cabal : " be there no weapon on we side ? can not you traffic control produce a police ? " mitani : " very few .... we have nothing but the Gas of peace . and it be not ready . it will take hour yet . there be some young people we can gather . we must hold this crowd back -- at any cost -- for a time ; until the Gas of peace can be bring up . " passworthy , at a window : " look ! " cabal and the rest come to the window . passworthy point to the street far below . he open the window . sudden sound effect . camera follow he eye from above . crowd march and sing they song of revolt . cabal and he party look down . a technical assistant hurry in and go up to mitani . he speak but be inaudible . cabal make gesture to the window , which mitani close . noise cut off . assistant : " it be a riot . it be barbarism come back . " cabal : " who be you ? " Assistant show the identification disk on he gauntlet . disk with inscription : " William jeans . astronomical staff -- Space gun . " mitani : " they must go afoot . we have stop the air way . they will take a hour or more to get there . even that who have start already . and then they will hesitate . " assistant : " that gun must not be break up . that vast piece of work . the pity of it !-- if they smash it ! when the trial experiment have all be make ! when everything be ready ! " maurice : " when everything be ready . " he be strike by a think ; he look at Catherine . Catherine understand he . passworthy : " and if they smash up this infernal gun -- then honour be satisfied and you need not go . " maurice : " oh , Father ! Father ! " cabal : " they will not smash the gun . " maurice , eagerly to assistant : " suppose the gun be fire now ? would the cylinder reach the moon ? " assistant , look at he watch : " it would miss now and fly into outer space . but ... it be now five . if the gun be fire about seven .... " catherine : " and ... it could be ? " assistant : " yes . " maurice and Catherine look at each other . they understand each other . catherine : " then ... " maurice : " we go now . " cabal : " and why not ? " assistant : " that be perfectly possible . " passworthy cry out : " I protest !... oh ! I do not know what to say . do not go . do not go . " maurice : " if we do not go now - - we may never go . and all the rest of we life we shall feel that we have shirk , and live in vain .... this supremely be what we two be for .... Father , we have to go . " a tunnel lead out of the city . effect of mob march to the gun . effect of mob come out of tunnel . mob group from different city entrance collect together and march to the gun . ( this mob , by the by , be as well dress as any other people in the film . it have the well - groom look which be universal in the new world . it be not a social conflict we be witness . it be not the have attack by the have not ; it be the doer attack by the do-not . ) part XV the firing of the Space gun in a aeroplane . cabal , passworthy , Catherine and maurice . they be fly to the gun . they look out of the window . the gun be see in the distance like a great metallic beast brood among the hill . through the window we see next that the plane be descend vertically close to the Space gun . first cloud , then cliff , and then through great girder , cable and machinery . the plane come to rest close to the colossal shock absorber of the gun . mitani meet cabal , passworthy , Catherine and maurice as they be get out of the aeroplane , and they look upwards at the gun . the camera reveal the massive proportion of this structure . the Space gun , monumental , tremendous , overwhelming . on the framework be young athlete who discover Catherine and maurice and hail they enthusiastically . Catherine and maurice go towards they friend . fraternal reception . cabal , passworthy and mitani follow slowly . they come to a lift . cabal and passworthy stand at the entrance . mitani be beside the door . mitani to cabal : " go up to the platform . we can guard this below . " cabal and passworthy enter the lift . the lift arrive on a high platform a score of yard or so below the level of the cylinder which be to be shot at the moon . this hang at present over the mouth of the gun , and be hold by almost invisibly delicate metal support . cabal come out from the lift upon this high platform , follow by passworthy . cabal go to a railing and look down . camera follow cabal 's eye and show the Space gun from above . in the distance be theotocopulos and he crowd advance through the support towards the Space gun . cabal , passworthy , Catherine , and maurice stand on platform . they look up . the cylinder be see close above they head be lower slowly towards the muzzle of the gun . the insurrectionary song increase in volume as it draw nearer . theotocopulos and he mob appear . they appear at the edge of the cliff , they come up against the sky and no difficulty in production must be allow to minimise the dramatic effect of they appearance upon the cliff edge . they stop abruptly --( the song stop also ) -- and they stare . Shots of theotocopulos and he crowd stare upward . the cylinder be lower until it hang at the mouth of the gun . theotocopulos discover cabal and point : " there be the man - - " cries of indignation . camera pass slowly over to cabal across the framework and structure about the gun , give the impression of a great gulf between the two man . the subsequent conversation be shout by mean of amplifier across a great space . this amplifier must be indicate , but not obtrusively . behind cabal be passworthy , Catherine and maurice . a young mechanic approach they . mechanic : " everything be ready . " there be a moment of tension . Catherine take a quite silent leave of she father . maurice grip passworthy 's hand in both of he in a attempt to reassure he and give he courage and dignity . Catherine and maurice turn away , follow by the mechanic . a close - up of cabal show he face distressfully calm . theotocopulos ( off ) : " there be the man who would offer up he daughter to the Devil of Science . " cabal become aware of this word , and be rouse by they ; he walk to the railing and address theotocopulos : " what do you want here ? " the picture now pass to theotocopulos and remain with he during the subsequent talk . cabal be hear but not see . theotocopulos : " we want to save this young people from you experiment . we want to put a end to this inhuman foolery . we want to make the world safe for man . we mean to destroy that gun . " cabal : " and how will you do that ? " theotocopulos : " oh ! we have electrician with we too . " cabal : " we have a right to do what we like with we own life -- with we sort of life . " theotocopulos : " how can we do that when you science and invention be perpetually change life for we -- when you be everlastingly rebuild and contrive strange thing about we ? when you make what we think great , seem small . when you make what we think strong , seem feeble . we do not want you in the same world with we . we do not want this expedition . we do not want mankind to go out to the moon and the planet . we shall hate you more if you succeed than if you fail . be there never to be rest in this world ? " the picture return to passworthy and cabal on the platform . passworthy have listen to the dialogue , suffer mutely . now he turn upon cabal . but he shout for everyone to hear . passworthy : " yes , I too , ask you , be there never to be rest ? never ? this be my son . and he have rebell against I . what he do , he do against the instinct of my heart . cabal , I implore you . be there never to be calm and happiness for mankind ? " a tremendous outburst greet he word from the mob . the picture pass to the crowd . they begin to move by a common impulse towards the Space gun . we see they first as a flash of face and then from very far off . they be see then like a stream multitude of ant pour across the floor of a big room . the top of the gun with the cylinder in its muzzle . Catherine and maurice stand by a screw door , which resemble the window of a liner 's port-hole , in the bottom of the cylinder . they have special clothes on now , very simple , and close to the body . they be assist by mechanic to take they place within the cylinder . flash back to the crowd scramble down lattice from the cliff edge towards the gun . Inside the cylinder which be light from below . Catherine and maurice , hang to they handfast , spread - eagle fashion . the face of the mechanic be see below . maurice look at Catherine . maurice : " do you want to go back ? " catherine smile : " hold firm , my dear . " the door of the cylinder be screw in slowly -- gradually the scene become dark , until it be quite dark , and the face and figure of Catherine and maurice be lose in the darkness . the crowd be see swarm upon the framework over against the gun . on the platform , mitani look down at the crowd and then at he wrist watch . he look up at the cylinder . the cylinder from below . it be very slowly lower and it disappear entirely into the gun . its support be detach and retire . the crowd be see clamber amidst the framework at the base of the gun . cabal be see stand alone . he be move by he own thought and feeling to speech . he come to the railing : " listen , theotocopulos ! if I wish to give way to you , I could not . it be not we who war against the order of thing , but you . either life go forward or it go back . that be the law of life . " theotocopulos dismiss the argument by a gesture : " we will destroy the gun . " his follow shout agreement and resume they scattered unplan advance . cabal and passworthy be see on the platform and in the background stand a mechanic in front of the small heavy open door of a concussion chamber . cabal lean over a railing watch the crowd below . cabal ( shouting down ) : " before you can even reach the base of the gun , it will be fire . beware of the concussion . " he turn back . passworthy motionless . cabal pull passworthy towards the heavy door . the mob be see on the ground swarm about the gun support . people , many of whom carry heavy metallic bar , be attempt to injure the big metallic mass . a table in a observation chamber . a hand rest by a button , wait . there be a clock dial with a long delicate second hand . cabal be voice : " beware ! " beware of the concussion . " the crowd hesitates . the noise of a heavy iron door as it clang shut . a silence of expectation . the crowd realise it be too late . it waver and then turn and begin to clamber down through the lattice into which it have struggle , and to run away in the space below the gun . the table and the hand in the observation chamber . the second hand of the clock dial move towards a mark point . as it do so the finger extend and press a button . thud . large scale effect of concussion . gun recoil . whirlwind sweeping the crowd . theotocopulos , stand out against the sky on a great metal girder , be catch in the whirlwind , and he cloak be blow over he head . he be leave struggle ridiculously in he own cloak , and that be the last that be see of he . Cloud of dust obscure the screen and clear to show the crowd after the shock . some press they ear as if they be painful , other stare under they hand up into the sky . then the crowd begin to stream back towards the city . Shots of they re-enter the city , in a straggling aimless manner , and pause ever and again to stare at the sky . part XVI finale a observatory at a high point above everytown . a telescopic mirror of the night sky show the cylinder as a very small speck against a starry background . cabal and passworthy stand before this mirror . cabal : " there ! there they go ! that faint gleam of light . " pause . passworthy : " I feel - - what we have do be -- monstrous . " cabal : " what they have do be magnificent . " passworthy : " will they return ? " cabal : " yes . and go again . and again -- until the landing can be make and the moon be conquer . this be only a beginning . " passworthy : " and if they do not return - - my son , and you daughter ? what of that , cabal ? " cabal ( with a catch in he voice but resolute ) : " then presently - - other will go . " passworthy : " my God ! be there never to be a age of happiness ? be there never to be rest ? " cabal : " Rest enough for the individual man . too much of it and too soon , and we call it death . but for man no rest and no end . he must go on -- conquest beyond conquest . this little planet and its wind and way , and all the law of mind and matter that restrain he . then the planet about he , and at last out across immensity to the star . and when he have conquer all the deep of space and all the mystery of time -- still he will be beginning . " passworthy : " but we be such little creature . poor humanity . so fragile -- so weak . " cabal : " Little animal , eh ? " passworthy : " Little animal . " cabal : " if we be no more than animal -- we must snatch at we little scrap of happiness and live and suffer and pass , matter no more -- than all the other animal do -- or have do . " ( he point out at the star . ) " it be that -- or this ? all the universe - - or nothingness .... which shall it be , passworthy ? " the two man fade out against the starry background until only the star remain . the musical finale become dominant . cabal be voice be hear repeat through the music : " which shall it be , passworthy ? which shall it be ? " a louder stronger voice reverberate through the auditorium : " which shall it be ? " the end