puzzle screenplay by oren moverman and polly Mann base on the film rompecabezas by natalia smirnoff Al montage - day Al a woman 's hand be : -- fill small serve bowl with nut and candy in the kitchen . -- setting out plastic fork , knife , spoon and cup along with paper plate and napkin . -- take a steaming large cake out of the oven . -- frost the cool - down cake on the kitchen counter . -- stab toothpick into perfectly - cut cheese cube . -- design a fan pattern of roll cold cut with great precision on a platter . -- setting the bowl of nut and candy on table around the live room , de and dining room . -- put the platter of cheese and cold cut on the dining room table . -- laying out the plasticware , cup , plate and napkin . int . agnes and louiee' house - night 1 the house be cramme with guest of all age . birthday decoration announce the occasion . we move through the party behind agnes , the lady of the house , the woman behind the hand from the open montage . she 's carry a tray , offer appetizer . the occasional guest kiss agnes on the cheek or say " thank you " but mostly people just take a piece off the tray without pay much attention to she . she do not mind it at all . she 's happy unseen . laughter and chatter all around . agnes glide by louie , she husband , who 's sit on the couch with a few friend , shoot the breeze . louie palm a few appetizer and pass they around to he pal . louie thanks , babe . you be the best . ronnie , louie 's close friend , take a bite . ronnie amazing , agnes . really . always . ( continued ) continued : 1 agnes nod and move down the hallway into the de where teenage boy be sit around with she son gabe ( 17 ) , watch a YouTube video and laugh they head off . gabe hey Mom , more salami . agnes smile and nod , turn on she heel , head back to the kitchen . int . kitchen . agnes and louiee' house - night 2 a small crucifix hang in the window above agnes who be now expertly chopping up more salami and arrange the slice on a large plate . int . live room . agnes and louiee' house - night 3 agnes be move through the crowded live room with the plate of salami when louie and he Friends burst out laugh . she jump just as louie 's plate slide off he knee and shatter into a dozen piece on the floor . ronnie and the other all hoot . they have be drink . agnes careful . I will be right there . do not move . agnes hurry to the hallway into the de to give gabe the salami plate . gabe thanks . omitted 4 int . live room . agnes and louiee' house - night 5 agnes enter with a broom and a dust pan . she kneel next to louie and sweep up the piece . agnes do not worry about it . seriously . he give she a kiss . agnes ( cont ’d ) be you have fun ? louie great time . agnes I be glad . ( continued ) continued : louie we be go to go up front and smoke . agnes really ? louie just one . I swear . agnes I 'il call you for cake . . louie be Ziggy around ? agnes he 's around . somewhere . louie tell he to come join we . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - night agnes wash the break piece of louie 's plate . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - night agnes get glue out of the kitchen drawer . spread all the piece of louie 's break plate out on the counter and attempt to fit they together . eszter , agnes 's sister - in - law , come in . she give agnes a baffle look . ezster do you need a hand ? agnes what ? oh. no. I be -- ( be : plate ) I be miss a piece . it 's tiny . I will never find it . ezster there 's no shame in ask for help , you know . you do not have to do everything . agnes I know . I know . but -- I like do everything . I do not need any help . thank you . 10 int . live room . agnes and louiee' house - later 8 louie and he friend walk back into the house to find agnes crawl around on she knee look for the tiny miss piece . _ louie what 's go on ? agnes there 's a piece miss . from the plate . I do not want anyone to step on -- louie come on , agnes . stand up ! she ignore he and continue to look . he put a hand on she shoulder . louie ( cont 'd ) hey. later , okay ? not tonight . please . it 's not like anyone ever walk around here barefoot . she stand , disappointed , mission abort . louie ( cont 'd ) you be so cute . they oldest son , ziggy ( 19 ) , scrutinize they from across the room . int . kitchen . agnes and louiee' house - night 9 agnes pull the frost cake out of the refrigerator . she stick candle in the cake and look at it for a long beat . int . dine room . agnes and louiee' house - night 10 holding the cake with the light candle , agnes walk out of the kitchen into the dining room . all the party guest gather . everyone ( sing loudly ) happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday -- dear ... agnes , happy birthday to you . agnes set the cake down on the dining room table and look at it , pleased , she face glow in the candlelight . this be indeed her birthday party . this be she world . her life . she blow out the candle . ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 5 . continued : 10 gabe speech ! speech ! everyone laugh . they know agnes well enough to get the joke . agnes swallow hard . clearly , she 's uncomfortable with even a hint of attention . agnes ( whisper ) thank you , everyone . Ziggy inch closer . ziggy speak up , mar ! louie oh , leave the woman alone , will you ? agnes clear she throat , about to speak . everyone quiet down . agnes who want cake ? int . kitchen . agnes and louiee' house - night 11 humming to herself , agnes put the last of the party dish away . the house be hers again ; the guest go , she man asleep upstairs . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - night 12 agnes sit down at the kitchen table , exhaust . she pour herself a large glass of red wine . suddenly , she remember something that send she out of the room excitedly . int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - night 13 agnes be halfway through unwrap she present . they 's be 1 pretty generic : a vase , a wooden ladle , a book agnes ( read book title ) aging with Grace : what the nun Study teaches we about lead long , healthier , and more meaningful live . she roll she eye . agnes ( cont 'd ) oh , Zig . ( continued ) 13 14 15 16 6 . continued : 13 she put the book away . open and read a series of hallmark card . open a small box and find a iphone inside . stare at it as if it come from the future . put it down with little interest . then she unwrap a long , rectangular present . it 's a ravensburger puzzle , 1500 piece . a beautiful contemporary map of the world . agnes study the puzzle , then set it aside . int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - later 14 agnes crawl into bed next to louie who be snoring loudly . she lie there awake for a while . a old alarm clock tick on the night table on louie 's side of the bed . agnes listen to the ticking . louie groan and turn onto he side , put he arm around she . the snoring stop . agnes close she eye , relieved . a few second later , the snoring start up again . but she 's already asleep . fade to black : the snoring keep go . the clock tick . Card : puzzle fade in : ext . bridgeport , ct - dawn 15 Burning street light turn off neighborhood by neighborhood as night succumb . we hear the clock ticking . followed by agnes 's whisper , like prayer recited and repeated : indecipherable , rhythmic , accompanied by louiee snoring . ext . west bridgeport - dawn 16 Day break over the work - class neighborhood . modest house line the residential street , most darken , but some already busy with early morning ritual . agnes' whisper continue . the ticking clock keep time . louie 's snoring keep go . ( continued ) 16 17 7 . continued : 16 we move closer to a little side street to find agnes and louie 's simple house with its well - keep front lawn . int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - dawn 17 bar of sunlight streak the window glass , filter into the dimness of the room . agnes be wide awake with she eye close , whispering . behind she , louie be asleep on he back , mouth open , snoring . as we glide closer to she we can make out agnes 's word , far from prayer : agnes ( whisper to herself ) eleven , ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . she open she eye , expect ... something . nothing happen . she listen to the clock ticking . quickly close she eye again . it 's a game of sort . agnes ( cont ’d ) ( whisper to herself ) Seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . agnes open she eye . nothing . she 's clearly disappointed . louie let out a nasally snore . she giggle . she close she eye again in anticipation . agnes ( cont ’d ) ( whisper to herself ) five , four , three , two , one . now . the alarm bell ring . she open she eye and smile to herself in victory . sit up in bed . leans over louie and turn the alarm bell off . louie continue to sleep . agnes shake he . agnes ( cont ’d ) lou. honey . louie . louie ( groggy ) what ? agnes time to get up . louie what ? ( continued ) 8 . 17 continued : 17 agnes it 's a new day . he turn over on he side , he back to she . agnes ( cont ’d ) ( whisper to herself ) five more minute . ( to louie ) honey , time to get up . louie five more minute . agnes louie ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to herself ) please . please . 18 int . gabe 's bedroom . agnes and louie 's house - morning 18 light on ! in the tv monitor hook up to a xbox , we see agnes 's reflection as she shuffles in to wake up she youngest son gabe . she touch he shoulder tenderly . gabe five more minute , Mom . 19 int . corridor . agnes and louiee' house - morning 19 agnes walk down the corridor , humming to herself , and knock on a bedroom door . no response . she knock again . 20 int . ziggy 's bedroom . agnes and louie 's house - morning 20 light on ! Ziggy , bare - chest and sport a botch tattoo , bury himself under the cover . in the large mirror , we see agnes move in . ziggy ten more minute , Mom . I swear . agnes smile to herself as she watch Ziggy go back to sleep . she start pick up dirty clothes off the floor and desk . 21 int . stair . agnes and louiee' house - day 21 agnes walk down the stair when loud hip hop explode from gabe 's room . agnes stop on the stair , turn and look up to calmly watch : ( continued ) 21 22 23 9 . continued : 21 louie storming out of the bathroom , shave cream hang from he chin , razor in hand . he knock on gabe 's door . louie turn that off , goddamnit ! every morning the same crap . the hip hop music be lowered . louie then catch agnes 's watchful eye . he shrug innocently at she . she smile at he . agnes manchego omelette ? he beam at the suggestion . louie be down in a minute . int . kitchen . agnes and louiee' house - day 22 agnes inspect she hand by hold they up to the sunlight blast the glass . the SOUND of ziggy laughing reverberate from upstair . ziggy ( 0.s . ) stop. gabe . stop . I be serious . I be gonna pee my pants . agnes grind coffee bean in the grinder . she walk over to get a coffee mug when she gaze fall on a frame photo of a older man stand with young agnes in the very same kitchen . tear start stream down she face . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - morning 23 agnes be make omelettes and sausage while louie and Ziggy chat over coffee ; both man be wear clean mechanic coverall . gabe be hunch over agnes 's new iphone . overlapping : louie gabe ( to Ziggy ) hey , Mom , what kind of apps which grit do you use_when do you want ? you be do the final sand ? ziggy agnes ( to louie ) I do not want apps . I do not be you really quiz I want that phone . mine 's over breakfast ? perfectly fine . you take it . ( continued ) 23 continued : ; louie ( to Ziggy ) | I be not quiz you . I see you use a 1200 grit the other day and that 's never gonna work . ziggy I do not want to talk about this at home , dad . I need a break . 10 . 23 gabe ( to agnes ) how about the weather channel ? agnes I have a radio and a window . I know when it 's go to rain . louie gabe you will get a break once you ( to agnes do everything right , Zig . I put my number and Ziggy 's and dad 's on speed dial . who else do you want ? ziggy Mom , do you need any help cooking ? agnes shake she head , then put egg and sausage on a plate and hand it to gabe . ziggy ( cont ’d ) gabe ( to louie ) ( to agnes ) Fine . what ? I should have use what about ezster ? and the 400 ? Church lady ? louie agnes that or 600 . ( to gabe ) I do not _know why I would not just call they from the home phone . gabe throw up he hand , exasperate . gabe will someone please explain to my mother why she have to stop live in the 20th century ? ziggy be you even gonna use it , Mom ?. agnes I guess I might use it like my old phone . for emergency . gabe forget it ! agnes I do not like all this technology . be that really so crazy ? ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 11 . 23 gabe yes . absolutely . a hundred percent . louie leave you mother alone . she do not like gadget . ziggy then why do we get it for she ? louie because it 's a thoughtful gift . gabe not if she never use it . ( to agnes ) just try it . Google something . recipe . Bible study . whatever . everything in the world be inside this one device . agnes no . it 's like carry a little robot in you purse . a little alien robot friend . I do not need it . gabe clearly it do not need you either . louie slap gabe 's shoulder . agnes serve louie and Ziggy . gabe take a series of picture of agnes with she iphone : montage . agnes kitchen portrait 24 we move through the series of iphone photo of agnes , go through a range of expression flicker across she face -- affection , sadness , exhaustion , weariness , quiet judgment , and , finally agnes 's hand block the phone . agnes ( over ) enough . you be all gonna be late . int . front porch . agnes and louie 's house - day 25 agnes sit alone on the front porch , delight in a piece of she birthday cake , watch the daylight moon in the sky . every bite be a calm celebration . int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - day 26 agnes walk back into the house and spot the puzzle box , still sit in its plastic wrapping on the table with the other gift . ( continued ) 26 27 28 29 30 12 . continued : 26 she move closer to the table . shut she eye and randomly place she finger on the puzzle map picture on the box top . she open she eye , look at what she 's point to : agnes ( disappointed ) Belgium ! she make a face and walk into the kitchen . we stay in the dining room . hear the sink water turn on . followed by the radio , the dial moving , landing on classical music . suddenly , she march back in , determine . pick the puzzle box up and quickly , as if force herself against she better judgement , rip off the plastic wrapping and open the box . she take out the sheet of paper with instruction on it and put she hand in the loose pile of puzzle piece , let they sift through she finger . it 's like she 's run she hand through sand or water ; there 's something sensual about it . a second later , she dump the puzzle piece onto the table and sit down . start turn piece over quickly . int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - afternoon 27 polka music on the radio , a different program . agnes have not move from she seat in hour . she 's fitting the last few piece of the puzzle into place , rub she tired eye . suddenly she notice the time and leap from she seat . int . kitchen side room . agnes and louie 's house - afternoon8 agnes quickly put in a load of laundry . int . agnes' car . moving - afternoon 29 agnes drive through the street of West bridgeport . she 's in a hurry but she steer carefully , slow and measure , with little confidence , foot jump back and forth from gas pedal to brake , far from oblivious to the tension of the honk behind she . agnes I be try . I know . I be try . montage . supermarket . bridgeport , ct - day 30 against canned sound of muzak : ( continued ) 30 31 32 33 13 . continued : 30 -- agnes move quickly up and down the brightly light aisle of the supermarket . -- she choose one cereal , then quickly look at its ingredient , then put it back on the shelf , then pick another and throw it in she cart , then reconsider , put it back and pick the original cereal ... -- she stand at the deli counter watch impatiently while a pimply adolescent boy endlessly slice ham for she ... -- she peer through the frost window of the freeze food aisle ... -- she hurry down the fruit aisle , push she cart like a race car driver . - she stuff cucumber into a plastic bag in the produce section ... - she bag she grocery one by one just as soon as a particularly slow grocery clerk scan they at the register , one after another . beep . beep . beep . beep . beep . beep . beep . it 's excruciate for she to wait , but she keep the same polite , patient , slightly quizzical expression on she face . the grocery clerk finish . agnes swipe she charge card . punch in the number . the sound of a receipt printing . grocery clerk all set . agnes thank you . she grab she bag and rush off . come back and get she receipt . int . agnes' car . moving - afternoon 31 agnes drive back home through the street of West bridgeport . there 's more traffic than earlier . it 's rush hour . she check the dashboard clock . honk the horn when the light turn green . omitted 32 int . kitchen side room . agnes and louie 's house - evening 33 agnes move the wet laundry to the dryer . 34 35 14 . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - evening 34 agnes run over to the sink , fill a pot with boil water , and grab a jar of tomato sauce from the cupboard . she hear the front door OPEN and shut . a beat later , gabe walk in . gabe hey . he give she a kiss on the cheek . agnes hi , sweety . how be you day ? gabe kind of whatever . chess club be cool . hockey be cancel ; coach Wilson get bad diarrhea . ( laugh ) how be you day ? agnes busy . pretty busy . gabe any emergency ? agnes none . thank god. he laugh and grab a apple off the table . int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - night 35 wearing dirty coverall , Ziggy walk in to set up the table . he check out the finish puzzle . ziggy hey , Mom , what do I do with this thing on --? agnes run in , wiping she hand in a kitchen towel . agnes sorry . she break the puzzle up . ziggy no , do not ! too late . she throw puzzle piece into the box . ziggy ( cont 'd ) that 's 1500 piece , Mom . she shrug . louie come down the stair post-shower . ( continued ) 35 36 continued : louie what 's go on ? ziggy nothing . Mom just -- agnes dinner be almost ready . _ louie ( to Ziggy ) you be not go to change ? ziggy Mom ask I to set the table . louie in this filthy clothes ? agnes it 's okay . I 'il do it . int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - night 15 . 35 36 agnes be lie in bed , struggle to make out the small print of the puzzle instruction with a old magnify glass . louie be change into he pajamas . louie he 's lazy . he look at she , she 's try to read . louie ( cont ’d ) agnes , be you listen ? agnes shhh . lower you voice . louie what be you read there ? agnes puzzle instruction . louie you put the piece together until you run out , what other instruction do you need ? ___ agnes ; suggestion . strategies . it do not matter . she put the paper away . ( continued ) 36 continued : louie you be so cute . ( pause ) puzzle be for child , agnes . agnes I do not think he 's lazy . louie he just sit there until I ask he to do something . he will do whatever I tell he but he will not take any initiative . all day long . 16 . 36 louie face she in he pajama bottom , shirtless . agnes eye he , she expression betray worry . louie ( cont 'd ) what ? agnes huh ? louie ; you be look at I with some kind of -- some kind of look in you eye . agnes no I be not . louie I know you , agnes . agnes there be no look -- louie just say it . agnes there be no look . louie I turn down a doughnut today . okay ? a jelly doughnut ! do you know how hard that be for I ? agnes you should be very proud of yourself . louie I be . I be smoking a lot less . for you . for we . cholesterol be a genetic thing . it 's not my fault ... he turn the light off and get in bed , put he arm around she . ( continued ) 36 37 38 39 17 . 36 agnes I just do not want to lose you . 1 hi louie au in thet , pray a ) I ! ( pause ) be ip hot in here ? she sigh , get up and open a crack in the window . stop , stare out at : Ziggy , smoking a cigarette outside , look through message on he phone , a picture of youthful loneliness . she get back in bed . ext . ST . stephen church . bridgeport , ct - day 37 agnes steer she car into the church parking lot . int . ST . stephen church . bridgeport , ct - day 38 the organ be be tune , way too loud and screechy . brightly color light stream through the giant stain glass window . agnes walk through the entrance , wave to the short woman mop the floor and cross to a side door where a hand - write sign read : ST . stephen lady guild meeting . she open the door and walk down the stair . int . basement . ST . stephen church . bridgeport , ct - day 39 Children 's Sunday School drawing decorate every inch of every wall . the meeting be in progress : housewive ( 30 - 70 ) sit ina circle of chair , agnes and ezster amongst they . fanny , 50 , overly make - up , be the lady Guild leader . fanny well , lent start in five day . since we be no longer do the soup kitchen , we need to start organize a food drive . the woman start pass around a sign - up sheet . agnes 's attention be on the child 's drawing : the break line , the bright color , the naive setting - she 's mesmerize . ezster ( 0.s. ) be it true Father kutash be only go to do confession once a month now ? ( continued ) 39 40 4l 18 . continued : 39 fanny ( 0.s. ) no one show up . there 's nothing we can do about it . the sign - up sheet get to agnes and she take the pen and paper . agnes ( to herself , loudly ) I guess we will just pack we sin into neat monthly portion . everyone stare at she . she turn bett red . quickly sign she name . agnes ( cont ’d ) ( pass the sheet ) I be sorry . it be a joke . I do not realize I be speak out loud . int . / ext . agnes' car . parked / church parking lot - day 40 Church lady exit the building and head to they car . agnes be sit in she park car , laugh to herself as classical music plays on the radio . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - day Al agnes dump she bag down on the counter . then she walk over to the phone and dial . agnes ( to phone ) aunt Emily . it 's agnes . we miss you at the party . how be you ? I hear . completely break ? which part ? the fifth what ? fifth metatarsal ? I do not know what that be . I be so sorry . good , good . no . it 's just -- I have a question . the present you send I with vlad . the puzzle . yeah . no , it 's very nice . where do you buy it ? agnes grab a pencil and a note pad while she listen , and scrawl something down . agnes ( to phone ) ( cont 'd ) uh-huh . uh-huh. ( disappointed ) oh , that 's too bad . no . I have not be to New York in year . I could not ask vlad . Online ? louie say we should not give credit card number online . I guess sometimes it 's better to be paranoid . ( more ) ( continued ) 4 l 42 43 44 45 46 19 . continued : 41 agnes ( to phone ) ( cont 'd ) his friend ronnie have he identity steal . his life be hell for nine month . anyway , thanks . all the best . bye bye . she hang up . look down at the note pad , where she have write : ' Thompson and 3rd street . 's int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - day 42 agnes stare at the assemble world map puzzle on the table with a great deal of pride . she do it again ! and in half the time . she look at the world . the world look back at she . then she start take it apart . int . den . agnes and louie 's house - day 43 agnes have a stack of blank hallmark invitation and envelope on the table , along with stamp and extra pen . she use a red pen to inscribe something in one card . then put the card away . take another , repeat . add it to the pile . omitted 44 int . gabe room . agnes and louie 's house - day 45 agnes search through gabe 's closet . a small box of condom fall out from behind a pile of old clothes and onto the ground . agnes stare at it , then put it back . int . basement . agnes and louie 's house - day 46 a dim light turn on to reveal taxidermied fish of every possible size , mount on the wall and display on stand all around . there be also stack of fishing pole and box of fly - fishing supplies . agnes go into a corner of the basement and rummages through box and toy , until : agnes tada ! she find a very old child 's puzzle set : the incredible hulk . only a hundred piece . she immediately sit down on the basement floor , empty out the box and start assemble the piece . she 's become a addict . 47 20 . int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - night 47 the family around the table , plus nicki , 17 , gabe 's girlfriend . agnes come in from the kitchen with a gorgeous stuff chicken dish she add to a salad assemble in the likeness of a fish . there 's homemade bread along with other elaborate dish on the table . agnes the chicken be stuff with potato and - gabe Mom ! Nicki ! agnes ( to Nicki ) I think you just do not eat red meat . nicki I be vegan . gabe . we go through this already , Mom . agnes so you never ever eat chicken ? gabe ( to , Nicki ) it 's like she 's hope you will forget . it 's so embarrassing . agnes I should have make fish . I be sorry . ziggy she do not eat any animal , Mom . agnes but she have to have protein , she 's still grow . gabe Mom , do not say dumb shit like that -- louie hey . enough . okay . agnes ( to Nicki ) the way we be raise , everything have to come with meat . I be sorry . ( continued ) 21 . continued : 47 nicki it 's fine . I can eat the salad . and bread . I be fine . Nicki take the salad , stir it up with salad tong and serve herself . agnes watch confuse . agnes ( to Nicki ) have you always be this way ? gabe Nicki 's also a Buddhist . louie that sound interesting . agnes you know , I have no idea what that really mean . Buddhist . I always hear people talk about Buddhism and celebrity and nobody say what it be . nicki it 's like -- like the root of all suffer be we desire not to suffer . intrigue by this strange young woman , agnes stare , forget the food . nicki . ( cont 'd ) so we have to give up on the idea of be happy Ziggy eat quietly . gabe 's practically glow . louie ( impressed ) you do not care about be happy ? nicki I try not to think that way . happiness be a illusion . agnes serve herself some chicken . agnes be you parent unhappy ? Ziggy crack up . Nicki stare , surprised . gabe Mom ! agnes I mean , like Buddhist ? do they raise you this way ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 22 . 47 nicki God . no . they be stick in the past . agnes be not Buddhism also from the past ? nicki no. yeah . I mean they be more conventional western thinker . when they bother to think . that 's what I mean . louie laugh , he like Nicki 's spirit . agnes give hima look , she 's not amused . Ziggy clock he mother 's anguish . a gabe Nicki will not even -- she do not even kill mosquito . ziggy I read something about this kid who drown in a river because a Buddhist monk be the only one watch he and if you be a Buddhist you be not suppose to try to save people 's life . like you be not suppose to interfere with they path . louie what ?! nicki that do not sound true . agnes why can not buddhist save life ? gabe where do you read that ? ziggy it be a article . it be a real article on like the Huffington Post or something . nicki um , yeah , that 's not Buddhism . Buddhism respects life . it just have a different approach to death and suffer . louie that monk should be shot . gabe / agnes dad ! / louie ! ziggy be you volunteering , dad ? ( continued ) 47 a48 48 49-51 52 53 continued : ( 3 ) 23. 47 nicki no . he 's right . I mean . metaphorically . a awkward pause among the less righteous . louie yeah . metaphorically . I get it . he lock eye with agnes who stare dagger at he . it 's as if he 's betrayed she somehow . agnes how 's you chicken , louie ? louie it 's good . he notice Nicki look at he . louie ( cont 'd ) a little dry . but good . agnes stand up alarmed . agnes there 's gravy . ext . backyard . agnes and louie 's house - morning b48 daylight . all be calm and quiet . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - morning 48 agnes make coffee . Ziggy , look groggy , come in and , without say a word , take the egg out of the fridge and start break they into a bowl . he like to help . agnes good morning . ziggy what 's good about it ? omitted 49-51 ext . train platform . bridgeport , ct - day 52 agnes wait on the mostly empty train platform , shiver slightly . a few business men in suit , late for work or work late , mill about , look at they iphone and ipad ; one be shuffle through he ipod . agnes eye the i 's . omitted 53 54 55 24 . int . train car . metro NORTH train . moving - day 54 agnes sit in the back of the move train and look out the window as bridgeport fly by . tree turn the outside world into a green blur . the train conductor come by . agnes a ticket to Grand Central please . train conductor that 's nineteen dollar . agnes balk . stare horrify . agnes how much ? train conductor nineteen . agnes I think it be eight . train conductor be you a active duty member of the United States armed force , or disabled or a senior ? agnes no . none of that thing . train conductor it 's nineteen dollar one way , off - peak hour when you purchase ticket on board . next time buy it at the station . it 's cheaper . you could get a ten trip or a weekly . agnes that 's okay . I do not really think they will be a next time . she hand he a twenty . train conductor one way ? agnes I will buy the return in Grand Central . int . grand central terminal - day 55 agnes stand in the middle of Grand Central 's atrium , stare up at the golden constellation on the ceiling . ( continued ) 55 56 57 58 59 60 25 . continued : 55 hundred of people jostle past she , some almost knock she over . but she can not stop stare . int . / ext . taxi . moving / NYC - day 56 agnes sit in the back of a yellow cab , stare out the window at the Big bad Apple , like a tourist , move slowly through Manhattan traffic . from time to time she look at the meter with worry as the fare climb mercilessly . when it get to ten dollar , she lean forward toward the driver . agnes could you stop please ? i’1l walk . I be sorry . ext . WASHINGTON square park . NYC - day 57 agnes cross Washington Square take in the fountain and the diverse crowd of student , STREET musician , tourist and the homeless . ext . thompson STREET . greenwich village - day 58 agnes stop in front of a tiny shop window fill with puzzle on display : puzzlemania . the look in she eye be that of child - like awe . she 's arrive ! int . puzzlemania . greenwich village - day 59 a bell ring as agnes enter the cluttere shop . a heavily - pierce young man at the counter look up from he phone . young man let I know if you need any help . the place be a puzzle - lover 's fantasy come to life ; dusty and dark , almost like a old bookstore , with wall - to - wall puzzle of every type imaginable . int . puzzlemania . greenwich village - later 60 the Young man watch agnes , she arm full of puzzle , agonizing between two final purchase . young man you ready ? agnes what do you think , sir ? which one ? ( continued ) 60 26 . continued : 60 she hold up the two puzzle : a portrait of a mother bathing she child ( Mary cassatt 's painting " mother and child " ) anda painting of naked woman lie provocatively on a couch ( goya 's " the nude maja " ) . young man uh ... depend on what you want to spend day look at . agnes what do you mean ? young man they be each a thousand piece . they take forever . agnes look at they . agnes I will take both . she carry she pile of puzzle to the counter . the Young man start ringing she up . agnes focus on a handwritten sign with tiny tabs hang off the bottom on a bulletin board nearby : '' champion desperately looking for puzzle partner '' . she gaze at the sign for a while , then look away and find she wallet , but then she eye land on the sign again . agnes ( cont ’d ) ( point to sign ) what 's that about ? '' desperately '' . the Young man turn to look at the sign . young man I do not know . some guy . my father be usually here . I be just visit . agnes be he sick ? young man who ? agnes you dad . young man no . he just have a meeting out of town . agnes good . please take good care of he . it 's devastating when they be go , believe I . ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 continued : ( 2 ) 27 . 60 the Young man stare at she , confuse . young man he will be back tomorrow . ext . puzzlemania . greenwich village - day 61 carry two bag of puzzle , agnes step out of the store onto the sun-drenched sidewalk . she breathes the day in . then turn around and step back inside . we see she through the window , point at the sign on the bulletin board and talk with the Young man . int . train car . metro NORTH train . moving - evening 62 the sun set over New York City as agnes 's train speed north back to bridgeport . agnes sit near a knock - out load snoring man in a suit . she 's hold one of the little paper tabs from the puzzlemania bulletin board in she hand , stare . it read : text 646-977-7839 . int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - night 63 agnes lie awake in bed ; louie be asleep next to she . snoring . int . kitchen . agnes and louiee' house - night 64 agnes tiptoe into the kitchen in she nightgown with she iphone in she hand and the Mary cassatt 's " mother and child " puzzle box . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - night 65 agnes put puzzle piece together with speed and efficiency . she 's a natural . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - night 66 " mother and child " complete , agnes get up , move to the other side of the table , put the phone on the table and sit next to it , as if it be a typewriter . use one finger , she touch the message icon . giddily , she get into text mode . she look at the screen , unsure , then touch the write icon . then balk . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 70 71 28 . continued : 66 type the phone number off the paper tab she fish out of she nightgown pocket . then delete it . then she type it in again and write : '' hi . my name be agnes . I think I might be good at this . '' after a pause she type : '' puzzle , I mean . '' then , on a impulse , she press " send " and close she eye . a beat later , a response text ring and she open she eye in surprise . the text read : '' how good ? '' she giggle and start to type back with one finger . int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - night 67 agnes lie awake in bed next to louie . she 's hold she phone to heart . can not sleep . louie 's snoring do not help . int . ST . stephen . bridgeport , ct - morning 68 agnes kneel before father kutash , a line of people wait behind she . kutash dip he thumb into some ash and make a small cross on agnes 's forehead . it 's ash Wednesday . father kutash remember that thou art dust and to dust thou shalt return ... int . metro NORTH train . moving - day 69 agnes expertly hand she ticket to another train conductor and watch while he punch it . he also have a ash Cross on he forehead , peek from underneath he uniform hat . she like that . agnes thank you . ext . STREET . west village . NYC - day 70 agnes walk down a cobblestone street , count number under she breath . ext . perry STREET . west village . NYC - day 71 agnes be stand in front of a beautiful but slickly contemporary townhouse . she walk up the step . peer into the security camera . lift she finger to ring the buzzer , but before she even touch it the door open . stand in front of she be ROBERT . handsome , in he 5as , wear simple but not inexpensive clothes . the weather channel be on tv inside the house . ( continued ) 71 a72 continued : agnes I be agnes . hi! agnes stick she hand out . he shake it . ROBERT Robert . come in . you write funny text , agnes . 29 . 71 agnes smile politely and enter the house where she take off she jacket . he follow she in and close the door behind he int . robertas townhouse . west village - continuous they stand awkwardly at the entrance . ROBERT have you see the news ? agnes what ? no. I -- I be -- I be here about the puzzle . ROBERT the flood in India . thousands of people wash away just like that . boggle the mind . there be a earthquake in Northern Iran . I be not try to be gloomy . I know we be just meeting . it 's just -- too much ! agnes oh. I -- I do not hear -- she laugh nervously , then stop herself . agnes ( cont ’d ) how be my text funny ? ROBERT what ? oh -- I be sorry , but ... you seem to have some dirt on you forehead . agnes oh . I - he reach out to brush it off . agnes ( cont 'd ) it 's ash Wednesday . he pull back . ROBERT oh , be that today ? a72 ( continued ) a72 72 73 74-75 30 . continued : a72 agnes all day . ROBERT you be Catholic ? agnes be that a problem ? he smile , she 's strange . ROBERT not at all . as long as we do not have to share the prize with the pope . agnes stay put , a bit stunne . agnes what prize ? int . robertas townhouse . west village - day agnes nervously follow Robert to a coat closet ... agnes you say '' prize '' . ROBERT every competition have a prize . int . live room . ROBERT 's townhouse - continuous Robert hang she coat in the coat closet ... agnes you ad do not mention a prize . Robert keep walk and agnes follow he ... int . live room . ROBERT 's townhouse - continuous 74 - they move through a live room with a huge table and chandelier ... ROBERT I think it be obvious . '' champion desperately looking for puzzle partner '' . do you think I be look for companionship ? agnes no. no . of course not . just -- a partner . 72 73 75 ( continued ) 31 . 74-75 continued : 74-75 ROBERT for a competition . agnes . . . I have never compete in anything in my life . ROBERT not even for the affection of you husband ? agnes what ? I -- how do you know I be marry ? she realize the ring on she finger . ROBERT educate guess . agne , I could be a widow . ROBERT be you ? agnes sometimes . he laugh . 76 int . den . ROBERT 's townhouse - continuous 76 ..- and into the perfectly - organize de / study at the back of the house where a tv be on , tune to the weather Channel . large magnet , plastic tubing and blueprint be pile up on the desk and wall , untouched , like a museum piece . Robert open a small door and hold it for agnes . ROBERT May I ask -- why do you answer the ad ? she shrug , then look away , embarrassed , about to say something . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) oh , no , do not say it ? agnes what ? ROBERT I think you be go to say you be ... '' puzzle by the ad . '' ( continued ) 76 77 32 . continued : 76 she smile uncomfortably . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) and do not think you smile right now worry I any less . int . library . ROBERT 's townhouse - day 77 agnes and Robert enter a beautiful mahogany puzzle suite , fill with read lamp and line with bookshelve and ladder lead to higher shelf , all fill with puzzle . the adjoin area be a circular room where a oak table with two leather chair await the player . ROBERT sit. please . agnes sit down at the table . still stunne . Robert peruse one of he bookshelve , pull a puzzle out and dump the piece out in front of agnes . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) all right . let 's see how we work together . agnes ( anxious ) be this a test ? ROBERT absolutely . agnes what 's the competition ? ROBERT National jigsaw puzzle championship . single competition be five-hundred piece puzzle . the double be a thousand piece . it 's limited to a hundred and eighty couple . I win the singles last year . my first time . agnes I do not know such a thing exist . ROBERT do not tell anyone . there 's 1ll be a run on the place . agnes what happen to you partner ? ROBERT how do you know I have a partner ? ( continued ) 77 33 . continued : 77 agnes you would not sign up for double if you do not have a partner . ROBERT very good . she leave . agnes why ? he take she in . ROBERT show I how you do puzzle , then maybe I ' 1l tell you . agnes nervously start gather piece and look at they . she then grab handfuls of piece and begin spread they out . ROBERT ( cont ’d you be not do color first ? agnes shake she head . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) rule number one of competitive puzzle . you have get to organize by color before you do anything else . agnes nod meekly and start organize by color . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) I will do green and the orange . you do the red and the dark brown . they be silent for a minute as they work . then agnes reach for the cover to turn it and look at it for a long time . Robert sigh and push he chair back . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) how long have you be puzzle ? agnes a while . ROBERT how long be awhile ? agnes I be very fast . ROBERT you say that in you text . how long ? ( continued ) 77 78 79 continued : ( 2 ) 34 . 77 agnes I can not remember . year . I be always good in math . pattern . shapes . I just pick a puzzle up the other day and -- there it be , like riding a bike . agnes avert she gaze . she 's lie . he take she in . int . library . ROBERT 's townhouse - later 78 agnes and Robert be work together in silence . they be about a third of the way through the puzzle . Robert pause to watch agnes . her hand move rapidly ; she seem to sense that a piece will not fit even before try it . Robert raise he eyebrow , then reach for a piece . agnes reach for it at the same time . they hand bump . agnes ROBERT sorry . pardon I . int . library . ROBERT 's townhouse — later 79 there 's only one puzzle piece leave on the table . they both stare at it hungrily , like it 's the last remain bite of cake . ROBERT go ahead . agnes pick up the piece and gleefully fit it in to complete the puzzle . she laugh out of sheer delight . Robert turn and look at the timer . it read 48 minute and 26 second . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) fuck I ! she look at he uncomfortably . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) pardon my french . she laugh . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you do not get out much , do you ? she shake she head . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) and yet you come to a total stranger 's door and willingly follow he in . ( continued ) 79 80 35 . continued : 79 she nod . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) May I ask . again . respectfully . why ? she shrug . then laugh to herself . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you be just tempt to say it again , be not you ? she nod . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) go ahead . get it out of you system . she shake she head . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) it 's inevitable . get out of jail free . say it once and never again . agnes you ad say '' desperately '' . I be ... puzzle . she crack herself up , roaring with laughter . he look at she with strange fascination . something 's off with she , something fascinating to he . int . robert townhouse . west village - afternoon 80 agnes put she jacket on by the coat closet . agnes be you sure you do not need to think about it ? ROBERT not for a minute . you be a godsend . this be mean to be . agnes try hard to contain she smile . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) what work for you ? we need to meet at least twice a week . the tournament be in a month . that 's barely enough time to prepare . agnes oh . ( continued ) 36 . 80 continued : 80 ROBERT do not tell I you can not do it now . agnes no . I can do it . ( forcefully ) I will do it . I want to . i’1l -- yes . wait -- he stare at she , intrigue . she 's look away , as if do calculation in she mind . agnes ( cont ’d ) why do she leave you , you partner ? ROBERT she just leave . no explanation , really . just up and go . not even a note . agnes so she be not just a puzzle partner ? ROBERT no . she be my wife . agnes be she good ? at puzzle , I mean . ROBERT better than most . not as good as you . she smile to herself . agnes okay . monday and wednesday . the herself ) monday and wednesday . ( to Robert ) you do not have to be at work ? ROBERT I work at home . agnes oh , yeah ? I too . 81 int . kitchen . agnes and louiee' house - sunset 81 agnes , louie and the boy be in the middle of dinner . agnes ( nervously ) ... I get some bad news . they all stop and look at she . ( continued ) 81 82 37 . continued : 81 agnes ( cont 'd ) aunt Emily be sick . I mean , she break she foot , the poor thing . gabe how ? agnes she trip . louie that 's too bad . agnes so I will be go to New rochelle two day a week to help she out . you know , buy grocery , cook some meal for she ... monday and wednesday . for about a month . louie that 's a long time , agnes . agnes you will not even notice the difference . ziggy should we go visit she too ? agnes gabe | ; I do not think that 's I have get a lot go on this necessary . weekend . ziggy should I write she a card ? agnes pat Ziggy 's hand . agnes yes . that 's a nice idea . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - night 82 through the kitchen door we see Ziggy smoking in the backyard and browsing through he phone . agnes be clean up . she hum to herself . gabe be on he laptop at the kitchen table . gabe ( stare at the laptop ) it say I have to write one essay about " why I want to go to college " and in another essay I have to describe a " transformative experience " in my life . agnes what do that mean ? ( continued ) 82 83 38 . continued : 82 gabe they all ask for it . uconn , all the suny school ... " why do you want to go to college ? " " describe a transformative experience in you life . " the doorbell ring and gabe jump up . int . live room / den . agnes and louie 's house - night 83 agnes have she foot soaking in a tub of warm water in the live room . louie be meticulously handcraft piece of fly - fishing lure . Nicki and gabe be splay out on the de floor look at gabe 's laptop . next to they , Ziggy be watch a '' Big brother '' type show on television . agnes ( 0.s. ) what about the time we go to hungary with grandpa ? ziggy gabe ( 0.s. ) that be I , mom . I be not there mom . that be Ziggy . it get quiet for a long beat save for the reality show . agnes what about the time I get sick after my father die ? that be hard on all of you . they all freeze . the SOUND of the tv dominate for a beat . Nicki stare , unsure what to say . louie pretend he be not listen . ziggy ( 0.s . ) okay , I get it . when that ugly girl pop you cherry . that must have be transformative . you have not make sense ever since . gabe throw a pillow at Ziggy , but miss and hit louie . gabe fuck you ! louie hey ! hey ! goddamnit . there 's a lady present . gabe ( to Nicki ) I apologize . ( continued ) 39 . 83 continued : 83 nicki that 's okay . a long pause . agnes I be here too , gabe . I be a lady present . gabe what ? oh. sure . sorry , mom. agnes thank you . louie I mean we have a guest , agnes . agnes I know . gabe let 's face it , there 's just nothing transformative in my life . maybe I should not even go to college . louie that 's not a conversation for right now . agnes you have to go to college . gabe whatever . louie shake he head and go back to he fly-fish bait . agnes ( to herself ) '' transformative '' be such a funny word . tran . form. A. tive. tran . for. mat. ive. trans. format ... agnes look up at the tv and splashes she foot in the water , make a little rhythm out of the splash . Ziggy watch she , amused . ziggy why be you in such a good mood all of a sudden , Mom ? agnes look self - conscious for a second , catch . then she smile and splashes she foot a little more . ( continued ) 83 84 continued : ( 2 ) agnes I be just happy we be all together here . right now . like this . 40 . 83 Nicki look at she . you can see a hurt , un - parent child all of a sudden . no. nicki can I sleep over tonight ? on the couch . agnes well -- gabe on the couch . louie what about you parent ? nicki they be out of town . I feel safer here . gabe I could go sleep over at she place . louie agnes no . louie and agnes exchange look . Ziggy laugh . agnes ( cont ’d ) I will get the extra blanket . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - later music blasting upstair seep through the ceiling . agnes be put dish away . louie she 's use you . everyone always use you and you let they . you be a sucker be what you be . agnes it 's call be kind . louie sucker be be kind with no filter . agnes she 's my aunt . louie she have she own family . you have thing to do here . we need you . ( more ) 84 louie and ( continued ) 84 85 continued : 41 . 84 louie ( cont 'd ) I need you . I get that invoice pile up at the garage you could help with . and , anyway , you need rest . you can not go . agnes I have rest enough . why do you always do this ? louie I be just worried about you . the doctor say -- ( change approach ) maybe I be selfish . okay ? I admit it . I love you too much . you take such good care of we . and I want you to take it easy , be that so wrong ? let I call she . agnes no. I -- I -- I 'il call she and let she know I can not come twice a week . louie not even once a week . for you sake , agnes . agnes okay . he kiss she on the cheek and leave ; he 's do help , point make int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - night 85 louie be snoring again . agnes lie awake , listen to he . after a second , she jab he , with she elbow . he jump . louie wha -? huh ? agnes you be snore . louie what do you want I to do about it ? agnes stop . louie how ? agnes I do not know . ( continued ) 85 86 87 88 89 90 continued : 42. . . . 85 louie moan and turn over on he side . louie relax . it 's late . go to sleep . and then he go back to sleep quietly . the sound of gabe and nicki having sex suddenly build up from down the corridor . agnes oh , God . agnes bury herself under the cover . louie start snoring . agnes ( cont 's D ) ( whisper to herself ) I know she would not stay on the couch . ext . train platform . bridgeport , ct - day 86 agnes wait on the platform as the Metro North train roar into the station and come to a full stop . int . grand central terminal - day 87 agnes hurry through the Grand Central atrium . omitted 88 int . subway train . moving . NYC - day 89 agnes sit in a crowded subway car , nervous . a blind man stand close by , singing " ave maria " in a almost impossibly high voice . agnes get up and give the blind man a dollar . ext . robertas townhouse . perry STREET . west village - day 90 agnes nervously approach Robert 's townhouse and stop cold spot : a impatient man in a suit ringing robertas doorbell . agnes watch he try the bell a few more time , bang on the door , then give up and walk off angry . she remain freeze in place . ( continued ) 90 91 92 43 . continued : 90 then slowly Robert 's door open . he stand there smile and motion for she to come in . int . hallway . robert town house - day 91 Robert lead agnes toward the de / study . mid -conversation : ROBERT ...- I do not open the door for the past . agnes I be not sure I understand . ROBERT that man be a business associate of mine . I do not have any patience for business this day . too much pressure . and anyway , I be watch the surveillance camera footage online from the mass shoot last night . have you see it ? it 's so goddamn awful . he stop and face she . she lower she eye . agnes I do not have as much time as I think . I be sorry . we better start . int . library . ROBERT 's townhouse - day 92 Robert dramatically dump a entire 1000 - piece puzzle out onto the table . ROBERT so they give you the puzzle and you pour the whole thing out at once . you do not take little handfuls and spread they around the table . I notice you do that the other day . agnes nod , seat . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you also stand up . she stand up . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) then you walk around the table a couple of time before you start . ( continued ) 92 93 44 , continued : 92 they both walk around the table a couple of time , it 's awkward . she giggle . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you get more perspective this way . you see puzzle piece without the glare . you see pattern you might not have see from you chair . different color scheme . agnes nod , still circle the table . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) all right . now we can sit . they sit . Robert hit the timer . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) it 's faster to divide thing up . so I will do border , you do color . int . library . ROBERT 's townhouse - day 93 agnes and Robert be about halfway through the puzzle . she 's move with great speed , fitting piece into the puzzle frame while sneaking peek at the timer . ROBERT you name should actually be pronounce " ag - nesh , " right ? she look up , surprised . agnes that 's how my father would pronounce it , yes . but I be bear here . ROBERT ag-nesh oros . agnes I be mata before oros . that 's my maiden name . agnes mata . ROBERT really ? Bet you have hear plenty of mata hari joke grow up . agnes not even one . she go back to the puzzle again . Robert stop the timer , then lean over and press the intercom buzzer on the wall . ( continued ) 93 ag4 45 . continued : 93 ROBERT tea , Maria . agnes look at he surprised . then laugh . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) what 's funny ? agnes a blind man on the train be sing '' Ave Maria '' . ROBERT and that 's funny how ? agnes '' tea , Maria . '' '' Ave Maria '' . I do not know . it 's ironic . ROBERT that 's not irony . that 's coincidence . it do not mean anything . agnes ; it must mean something . ROBERT you do not really believe that . do you ? he get up . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) come . she follow as they walk into : int . tea room . ROBERT 's townhouse - continuous a94 they sit just as maria , a young , pretty may , come in with a teeter tray full of teacup and cookie . agnes immediately leap up to help she . maria ROBERT I be fine , mar 'am , thank you . she 's fine . agnes sit down and watch as Maria set the cup down , pour the tea , etc . she keep reach out to help she , to steady thing . Robert watch agnes . when Maria leave , Robert lean back in he chair , balance he tea cup on he knee . agnes take a sip of the tea . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you like it ? agnes nod , suddenly uneasy . she bite into a cookie . it crunch loudly . ( continued ) 46 . aq4 continued : aq4 ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you be so much more comfortable when you be focus on the puzzle , be not you ? agnes nod . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) why ? agnes you ask a lot of question . ROBERT that 's how you get to know someone . agnes but I do not ask you anything . ROBERT go ahead . she look away , as if calculate . agnes I can not think of a question right now . ROBERT that 's my point . you be uncomfortable around I . agnes well , I do not know you ... but it 's not just you . I do not feel comfortable , generally , because I - - she 's think . he watch she patiently . agnes ( cont ’d ) -- because normally my mind be -- I -- I do not know . ROBERT because normally you mind be move so fast , you do not really know where it 's go . there 's nowhere for you to express you mind . no one to express it to . it make you nervous . so you shut down and focus on menial task . puzzle be menial task for you , so you can focus . but the result be aesthetically pleasing and you like it . it turn you on . she stare at he . ( continued ) ag4 continued : ( 2 ) 47 . a a94 ROBERT ( cont 'd ) impress ? agnes I be not sure I totally understand what you just say . he laugh . ROBERT honestly , agnes , if you learn the rule and hone you technique , I think we have a good chance at go to Belgium . I be not kid here . agnes ( shocked ) Belgium ? ROBERT the wjpf international competition . it 's in Brussels . right after the national . ever be ? agnes shake she head , clearly anxious . ROBERT ( cont'd all I be say be that if we win the national we go on to the World jigsaw puzzle federation competition . the color drain out of agnes 's face . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you do not want a free trip to the ancestral home of the brussel sprout , mata ? agnes shake she head and try to smile . agnes we do not have time for tea . he look at she as she get up and return to the puzzle table . ROBERT ( sing softly ) Ave maria , gratia plena , dominus tecum . she laugh . ( continued ) ag4 94 95 96 97 continued : ( 3 ) 48. aq4 ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) benedicta tu in mulieribus , et benedictus fructus ventris tui , iesus ... ext . STREET . west village - afternoon 94 agnes hurry to the subway , pass the window of a gourmet chocolate shop . suddenly , she slow she step . stop . and turn around . she study she reflection in the window , become self - conscious . move she hair back . switch she bag over to the other side . stands straight . she suddenly notice a man munching on a chocolate bar look at she from inside the store through the glass . she turn she back to he . int . metro NORTH train . moving - late afternoon 95 eat chocolate , agnes ride the train back home , one bright dress in a sea of commuter suit . she check she watch . shake she head to herself . then get she iphone out . browse through it tentatively . turn to the businessman sit next to she . agnes Excuse I . can you show I how Google work ? int . metro NORTH train - later 96 agnes be type on she phone . we see a Google entry : '' mata hari '' . ext . louie k's autobody and repair . bridgeport , ct - early 97 evening Auto body sand and grind be go on . we be in a small , somewhat rundown garage locate on the outskirt of bridgeport . a old sign read : " louie k' . " agnes 's car pull into the garage . she get out . louie emerge , smudge with grease . louie look who it be ! he give she a hug and a kiss . louie ( cont 'd ) to what do we owe the honor ? ( continued ) 49 , 97 continued : 97 she hold out a box of chocolate . louie ( cont 'd ) what , be you try to kill I ? agnes no. God . it 's just -- you have be so good . louie I be kid , agnes . louie take the chocolate with he grubby hand and kiss she . agnes I think maybe I 'il take a look at that invoice . louie ziggy !! come out here for a second ! Ziggy emerge . ziggy oh. hey , Mom . louie where be you ? ziggy bathroom . louie you be come from outside . ziggy I be takin ' a smoke break . louie so why would you just say you be in the bathroom ? ziggy that 's be I be before . you do not want I to smoke in the bathroom , do you ? the two man look at each other . agnes I be gonna get start . 98 int . back room . louie k's autobody and repair - later 98 a small glass window look out onto the activity in the garage below . sitting at a messy desk , agnes stuff a pile of invoice into ( continued ) 98 50 . continued : 98 a envelope , scrawl something on it , then set it aside . she pick up another piece of paper , start to put it aside , then frown and inspect it . she shake she head to herself , look very worried all of a sudden . then she stand up and look out the glass window . louie be talk to a young woman who be pick up she car . she 's nodd and thanking he . then louie crack a joke and she laugh . ziggy ( 0.s. ) I do not understand how you can stay marry to he for so long . agnes turn around . Ziggy be there , he hand stuff in he pocket . agnes oh . you scared I . ziggy sorry . agnes you father be a decent , good man . ziggy yeah . that 's what he say about you . seriously . all the other guy flirt with the customer and he just like talk about how awesome he wife be all the time . agnes that 's nice . they look at each other . agnes ( cont 'd ) be you okay , Zig ? ziggy ah ... I do not know . ( pause ) I be miserable . I hate my life . agnes oh , honey . ziggy dad hire I out of pity . and now it 's be nine month . agnes that 's not true . Ziggy sigh . ( continued ) 98 continued : ( 2 ) 51 . 98 ziggy I be not good at this . do you know what it 's like to spend all day not do the thing you be good at ? agnes do not answer . they look at each other . agnes so what would you rather do ? what be you good at ? ziggy I do not think I be good at anything . agnes sigh and hug Ziggy . he 's fight tear . ziggy ( cont 'd ) what happen to you , Mom ? agnes nothing . I just get lose , honey , when grandpa die -- he be -- you know , it be just my dad and I for so many year . I be confuse . I need a place to rest . ziggy you have only have man in you life . agnes I guess that 's true . he wipe he tear . ziggy can not be much of a man if I be cry . agnes oh , Ziggy , honey , man cry ! they cry more than woman . but not always with tear . it 's okay . ziggy I want to cook , Mom . agnes what ? ziggy you ask I what I be good at , I do not know . but I want to cook . agnes seriously ? ( continued ) 98 99 100 continued : ( 3 ) 52 . 98 ziggy yes . I have watch you cook all my life . I watch cooking show when no one 's home . I think I have be happy do what you do , not what dad do . agnes but I do not do anything . ziggy be you fuck kid I ? you do a million thing . and you be good at all of they . she smile , pleased . agnes can I ask you for a favor ? ziggy sure . agnes can you show I how to work the apps on my phone ? ziggy yeah . agnes but do not tell gabe . omitted 99 int . den . agnes and louiee' house - afternoon 100 hip hop music plays loudly as EIGHT seventeen - year old , include gabe and Nicki , be hang out , some deep into the xbox , some chat , laugh , look through a photo book , pose for iphone snap , drink soda , etc .. agnes enter from the kitchen and lay down snack on the table . nicki thanks , Mrs. oros . agnes do anyone need anything ? no reply . she look at gabe . he 's busy . agnes ( cont ’d ) ( a bit too loud ) do anyone need anything ? ( continued ) 100 101 102 continued : 53. everyone stare at she . she smile to herself . 100 __ agnes ( cont ’d ) I guess it 's just I . omitted 101 int . bathroom . agnes and louiee' house - night 102 agnes and louie be brush they tooth together , side by side , look in the mirror at they reflection . agnes I feel bad that Ziggy never get to go to college . louie ; he get terrible grade . gabe be the smart one . agnes but still . maybe he should have try . or we should have help he try . louie we do not have the money . agnes do you ever wish you would go ? to college , I mean ? learn thing just to know they ? louie nope . I would have hate it . agnes nod and spit out she toothpaste . agnes I think I would have majore in math . louie math , huh ? that 's cute . agnes ever wonder what you life would be like if you meet I a few year later . or never meet I at all ? louie not for one second . I thank God I have you every day . ___ agnes every single day ? ( continued ) 54 . 102 continued : 102 louie and night . he chuckle and kiss she cheek . agnes . I think we should watch the news . louie now ? agnes no . just more often . louie why ? nothing good 's happen in the world . agnes still . should not we know about it ? he shrug . she rinse off she toothbrush , and then head out of the bathroom , shutting off the light as she go . louie ( in the darkness ) hey ! agnes ! I be still here . agnes ( 0.s. ) sorry . 103 ext . robert townhouse - day 103 the door open and Robert smile at she . he 's in he coat . agnes be take aback as he step out and close the door behind he . agnes be you go somewhere ? ROBERT no. we be . agnes ( alarmed ) together ? where ? ROBERT it 's a surprise . he take she hand but she recoil . agnes I do not like surprise . ROBERT you 'il like this one . 104 55 . int . basement . puzzlemania . manhattan - day 104 agnes and Robert be sit across from each other at a card table , work on a new puzzle , the timer run . agnes be very tense and ill at ease . we move back to see the store basement line with shelf stack with puzzle and fill with populate table : a collection of odd ball , mostly elderly folk , all gather to puzzle together . agnes move uncomfortably in she seat . she 's not she usual fluid puzzler , she can not focus . agnes and ROBERT whisper while puzzling for the rest of the scene : agnes I do not understand why we have to compete already ? ROBERT what 's the big deal ? agnes shake she head , she 's upset . agnes who be this people ? ROBERT I think we would do this to boost you confidence . agnes well , you think wrong . ROBERT just focus on what I be do . she look around , catch some glimpsis . get back to the puzzle . agnes I look you up . I mean , I google you . on my phone . ROBERT oh ? agnes you be a inventor . ROBERT no . not really . agnes something with magnet . ( continued ) 104 105 106 56 . continued : 104 ROBERT I have a patent under my name . one invention . one good idea that take off . that 's it . I stumble onto it almost by accident . have not come up with anything since . agnes it make you very rich . ROBERT it be a fluke . I be no inventor . let 's just do the puzzle . she get frustrated try to fit a piece in . throw it back into the box . look around . agnes why be people stare at we ? he stop the timer . ROBERT okay . okay . this be a bad idea . I be sorry . let 's get out of here . ext . puzzlemania - afternoon 105 the street be fill with golden , late afternoon sunlight . Robert and agnes exit puzzlemania when agnes suddenly stop , take a deep breath and turn she face up towards the moon , smile . he stare at she , move and attract . ext . manhattan STREET - afternoon 106 agnes and Robert walk side by side . mid -conversation : ROBERT at the end she just do not like ... I . we get divorced . I never want kid anyway . agnes why not ? ROBERT frankly , I do not like kid . agnes how can you say that ? you be a kid yourself once . ROBERT right . and I hate it . not everyone 's suppose to have kid , you know . and not only for selfish reason . ( more ) ( continued ) 106 107 57 . continued : 106 ROBERT ( cont 'd ) sometimes for the kid 's sake . in this town kid be a ornament or a fashion statement . a accessory . a check box . I never feel a need . do that make I weird ? the phone in agnes 's bag suddenly start ringing . she search for it in panic . answer . agnes ( to phone ) be everything okay , Ziggy ? yes . you scared I . well , it 's my emergency phone ! I be not home right now . I be out . out . I be at a church meeting . yes , I 'il see you later . she hang up . ROBERT Church ? agnes I have to go . ROBERT be that you son ? agnes yes . my oldest accessory . and no , it do not make you weird . just different from everyone I have ever meet . ext . train platform . bridgeport , ct - evening 107 it 's get dark . agnes hurry up the stair over the platform where she trip and almost fall on she face . a man in a trench coat catch she by the arm . agnes sit heavily down on the stair and look at she ankle . h agnes ( sighing ) thank you . ronnie ( 0.s. ) agnes ? she look up , heart sink to realize the man in the trench coat be ronnie , louie 's pal we see take a appetizer from she at she birthday party . agnes hi. ronnie . ( continued ) 107 108 109 continued : she slowly lot . omitted 58. 107 ronnie where be you just come from ? agnes errands . ronnie you car on the fritz again ? agnes yeah . yeah . the car 's have a bit of ... yeah . no. louie fix it . I do not know . I feel like take the train . do not you have day like that ? ronnie if I never see another commuter train in my life I would be a very happy man . get to she foot . agnes I be actually run really late - ronnie we get the invite . agnes great . we will see you then . ronnie tell louie I say hi . agnes I will . I will . ronnie be the ankle okay ? agnes be already limping away towards she car in the parking 108 int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - moment later109 along with agnes rush in the door to find louie 's sister , ezster , louie , gabe , Ziggy , and Nicki , all sit around the dining room table , eat a large pizza . agnes ezster . I be so sorry . ( continued ) 109 continued : she look agnes sit eat . 59 . 109 ezster you miss the lady Guild meeting . we be worried . at Ziggy . he nod to she in reassurance . agnes that be today ? ezster yes it be . agnes I be with my aunt Emily . in New rochelle . I be sorry . she have a accident , she break she foot , and I ... she need I . there be no one else . anyway , I be buy grocery for she , and the line be just out the door , and my emergency phone ... I could not - ( to louie ) she 's my only live relative . maybe that make I a sucker , okay , but I have to -- louie do not worry about it now . sit. eat. ziggy I offer to cook , but everyone be starve . at the table . suddenly , she notice Nicki 's not agnes oh , no , Nicki , the cheese ! you can not eat it . nicki it 's not just that . I do not eat white flour anymore . gabe the bleach be just really , really bad for she stomach . Long awkward pause . agnes push she chair back . agnes I be go to make a little something for Nicki . louie who want wine ? ( continued ) 109 110 continued : ( 2 ) 60 . 109 ezster no wine for I . it 's lent. ext . agnes and louiee' house - night 110 agnes stand in the doorway and wave goodbye as ezster waddle over to she car and get in . agnes sorry about dinner ! next time I will -- bye ! ezster slam the car door shut and drive away . agnes ( cont ’d ) ( whisper to herself ) next time I 'il just tell you to leave my house and never come back . ziggy ( 0.s. ) what 's that ? she turn to see Ziggy step out of the house and lighting a cigarette . agnes you should not smoke . ziggy you should not lie . agnes I be sorry . I - - ziggy do not tell I . I do not want to know . whatever it be , I hope it 's something that make you feel good . agnes it 's nothing like that . ziggy why do not you ever divorce he ? seriously ? you be never truly happy . agnes I do not think a mother and son should be have a conversation like this . ziggy whatever . he sit on the front step . she lower herself next to he . ( continued ) 61 . 110 continued : 110 agnes give I one . ziggy a cigarette ? agnes yes . laugh , he give she a cigarette and light it for she . she inhale . start cough . tries again . cough harder . ziggy Jesus , Mom . when be the last time you have one ? agnes this be my first . he take it out of she mouth and drop it on the ground . stomp it out . agnes ( cont ’d ) I love you father . I could never leave he . and I love you and I love gabe . ziggy I have a feel that be go to be you answer . 111 int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - night 111 agnes and louie be get ready for bed , mid - argument : louie well , excuse I , saint agnes . agnes ( angry ) you can not tell I to refuse a poor woman in need . and during lent ! it 's bad enough you sister cast a evil eye on I for miss the church meeting . I be sorry . my aunt need I . louie you be exaggerate . ezster -- agnes for once , take my side ! there 's so much pain all around we . so much suffer in the world . why should not I help ? ( continued ) 111 112 113 62 . continued : 111 louie shake he head , then tousle she hair . agnes ( cont ’d ) what do that mean ? louie you lie to I . like a child . agnes you deny I a act of charity . like a heartless master . louie what do that mean ? agnes you know exactly what it mean . shake he head , he walk into the bathroom . agnes watch he go in shock , breathe hard , horrify by she ever grow string of lie . ext . robert townhouse . west village - day 112 agnes 's finger press the buzzer . a second later , Robert open the door . he 's in a gorgeous silk kimono . and nothing else . agnes turn bright red . ROBERT mata . agnes sorry . I be early . I can come back . ROBERT no , not at all . come in . the election be too close to call . they think there 's go to be a coup . go ahead . I will be right down . he quickly walk back in . agnes which election ? where ? int . den / study . ROBERT 's townhouse - day 113 BBC news be on tv . agnes study the photo on the wall in Robert 's office : Robert in a suit , receive a award at a banquet ; Robert on the cover of a business magazine , the caption read : '' what 's the next Big thing ? '' ; Robert and a date before he high school prom ; Robert with he elderly parent in the country . ( continued ) 113 114 63 . continued : 113 she look over the magnet , plastic tub and blueprint on Robert 's neatly organize desk . ROBERT ( 0.s. ) it be all way too premature . she turn to face he . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) the coup . just rumor . they be go to certify the election . agnes ( point to desk ) be this where you work ? he smile without answer and tighten he kimono . ROBERT tea ? agnes okay . ( be : kimono ) do you want to change before we start ? int . library . robert townhouse - day 114 Robert be still in he kimono . he and agnes be face each other at the puzzle table . agnes 's eye move up from the puzzle to he chest , and then back down to the puzzle again . she pick up some puzzle piece , look for something , and then throw they back in the box . ROBERT mata , if you have pick up a piece and look at it , then you should not put it back . you should set it aside . it will save you time later . remember ? agnes nod and look at he chest again . she get up abruptly . agnes Excuse I . 115 116 117 a118 64 . int . bathroom . ROBERT 's townhouse - day 115 agnes sit on a chair in the middle of the white , shiny , palatial bathroom , she burn face in she hand . she take a couple of deep breath . then she get up and walk over to the sink . there be dozen of expensive soap and perfume and lotion . agnes wash she hand , try a couple of lotion , and then spritzes some perfume on she wrist . montage . agnes 's hallway portrait 116 -- agnes walk into the hallway and stop , stare at the mask on the wall . -- we move through a series of portrait of agnes try on three different mask from Robert 's collection in the hallway mirror : happy , blank expression , sad ... ROBERT ( 0.s. ) ( call ) agnes , be we play hide and seek ? Cause I be not sure who 's vit " , int . library . ROBERT 's townhouse - day 117 agnes and Robert finish up the puzzle and walk over to the tea room . int . tea room . robert townhouse - day a118 Maria hold up a tea canister to show agnes . maria you like this one Mrs. , right ? agnes yes . thank you , dear . Maria pour as agnes turn back to Robert to resume they conversation : agnes ( cont 'd ) kesz . ROBERT what do that mean ? agnes done . finish . Maria place the teas in front of they . ( continued ) a118 continued : agnes ( cont ’d ) thanks , Maria . Maria smile and exit . agnes wince and rub she ROBERT what 's wrong ? agnes I hunch over and I -- ROBERT you need to do some yoga . agnes shake she head . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) why not ? he get out of he chair . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you know how to do Sun salutation ? agnes yoga be for little anorexic girl . Robert laugh . ROBERT get up , mata . Robert stand there , hand on hip . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) get up . she get up . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) hand above you head . agnes . . I be not take instruction from a man in a red kimono . ROBERT hand above you head . she obey . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) now lean back . agnes try to lean back . agnes eeee . ow . 65 . a118 shoulder . Robert get behind she and start massage she shoulder . ( continued ) a118 continued : ( 2 ) 66 . a118 agnes ( cont 'd ) what be you do --? ROBERT now open you arm out in a circle and let they fall to you side . I have be do this for ten year . she open she arm out in a circle and let they fall to she side ROBERT ( cont 'd ) good . he keep rub she shoulder . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) have you ever have a professional massage ? agnes no . not really . a tiny moan start to escape she lip , but she stop herself . ROBERT I would like to buy you a massage . you will not believe what a difference it - agnes suddenly walk out of the tea room and back to she chair where she pick up she bag . he follow . agnes if I want a massage I can buy one myself . I be not a -- I be not a bag lady or a -- ROBERT agnes -- agnes I should go . ROBERT come on , agnes . do not get weird on I . agnes it 's three already . I can not be late get home . ROBERT if you want , I 'il come to you home next time . agnes I will see you here Monday . ( continued ) a118 118 continued : ( 3 ) 67 . a118 Robert regards she as she leave . agnes ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) and next time put on some real clothes for God 's sake . int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - night 118 agnes crawl in bed with louie . they lie face each other . louie reach out to caress she . agnes when I be at you office , do paperwork ... I see one of the bank statement . louie I tell you we have a bad year . agnes you do not tell I it be that bad . we do not have enough to send gabe to college . now he 's gonna need a full scholarship . louie well , what be I suppose to do about it ? I be work my ass off . agnes we could sell the land in ellenville . louie that 's ... no . that 's impossible . agnes why ? louie because fishing be the most important thing in my life ! agnes sit up in bed and look at he , she eye burn . louie ( cont 'd ) what ? agnes fishing be the most important thing in you life ? louie aw , come on , agnes . you know what I mean . 119 120 68. int . bedroom . agnes and louie 's house - morning 119 agnes lie awake in bed as the first sun ray caress the room . she listen to louie snore . agnes ( whisper ) five. four. Three . two. one. her iphone alarm goe off . she turn to face louie . louie _ ( groggy ) , five more minute . agnes take a hour or two . he open he eye in surprise . louie what ? int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - morning 120 agnes walk into the kitchen in she nightgown , bleary - eye , and stop short . Ziggy be stand at the stove , fry egg and make bacon . agnes what be you do up already ? ziggy what do it look like ? agnes I be go to do that . ziggy well , today I be do it . you can relax . I buy truffle oil at this import goods store and I want to try it in the egg . agnes sit down at the kitchen table , and watch Ziggy cook for a long beat . agnes be you gay , Ziggy ? he turn around and give she a look . ziggy I do not think so . ( continued ) 69 . 120 continued : 120 agnes it 's okay if you be . you father will understand . ziggy I do not think I be . I be just not very -- agnes experience ? ziggy interested . 121 int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - later 121 agnes , Ziggy , louie , and gabe sit around the table , eat a beautifully cook breakfast . gabe this be really good . Ziggy beam . louie , he mouth full , nod enthusiastically . ziggy it 's the truffle oil . gabe be not that chocolate ? ziggy ( laugh ) no. mushroom . agnes stare blankly at she husband from across the table ; he look back at she worried . she recognize the look , recover and smile at he . he smile back . louie ( to Ziggy ) we better skedaddle or we will be late . 122 ext . robert townhouse -- day 122 agnes ring the doorbell . Robert open the door . ROBERT hey -- agnes I do not want to hear anything tragic right now . thank you very much . ( continued ) 70 . 122 continued : 122 she push past he into the hallway . he look after she . 123 int . library . robert townhouse - day 123 agnes be put a puzzle together with a furious , almost inhuman speed . Robert watch she for a beat , impressed . he then pick up a puzzle piece . agnes ( not look up ) do not even try . it 's not go to fit . we be waste time . ROBERT maybe I should just watch you do it then ? agnes do what you want . ROBERT I be kid . agnes do not kid with I . I do not have a sense of humor . never have . never will . that 's why we get along . all you care about be disaster . ROBERT that 's ... actually funny . agnes you be not listen . 124 int . library . robert townhouse - day 124 puzzle just finish , agnes stand up and gather she thing . ROBERT stay and have a drink with I . agnes I have to beat traffic . my husband and I be go fishing . ROBERT I would have never guess you like fishing . agnes I do not . he do . ( continued ) 124 continued : 71 . 124 ROBERT can I come ? I love fishing ! it relax the mind . agnes do not say that . fishing be vile . ROBERT I always throw they back in . I fish for sport not food . agnes oh , God , the world 's go mad . she walk out of the room . Robert watch , amused . he wait a puzzle box ROBERT ( call after she ) I will miss you , mata . beat before follow agnes into the adjoin room . she turn to he , furious . agnes why do you say that ? ROBERT because I mean it . agnes how can you mean it ? how can this be happen ? ROBERT I do not know . agnes why be we waste all this time do puzzle ? ROBERT what else be there to do ? agnes it 's a childish hobby for bored people . ROBERT you know that 's not true . agnes tell I you be not a bored rich guy . tell I I be not a childish housewife . ROBERT that 's not what we be . ( continued ) 124 continued : ( 2 ) 72 . 124 agnes you have much more important thing to do . you be a man of idea . why do you do this stupid puzzle ? he hesitates . sigh . ROBERT it 's a way to control the chaos . agnes that 's ridiculous . my life be never in chaos before the puzzle . now -- ROBERT — come on , mata ! you be miss the point . agnes okay . what 's you point , Robert ? ROBERT life be messy . it do not make any goddamn sense . sorry to break the news to you . life 's just random . everything be ... random : my success , you here now , you kid , you life ... there 's nothing we can do to control anything . and then it end . ( laugh ) painfully usually , full of regret . she listen attentively . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) but when you complete a puzzle , when you finish it , it 's like -- you know that you have make all the right choice . no matter how many wrong piece you try to fit into the wrong place , at the very end everything make one perfect picture . I know it sound simplistic but -- why would I ever want to deny myself that kind of feel ? what other pursuit can give you that kind of perfection ? faith ? ambition ? wealth ? Love ? she study he face , move . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) not even love can do that , mata . not neatly , not completely . a long beat . ( continued ) 124 125 126 127 continued : ( 3 ) 73. 124 agnes you be hide . ROBERT really ? who be I hide from ? agnes you be hide from you real life . he smile , as if catch . she take he in . ROBERT I do not think I be -- she suddenly grab he face and pull he into a long , passionate kiss . then she flee the scene of she crime . int . louiee' pickup truck . moving - day 125 agnes and louie drive along a tree-line two lane highway , agnes in the passenger seat . louie sing along to the power rock ballad on the radio and pound out a drumbeat on the steering wheel . agnes stare out the window , smile , she mind elsewhere . ext . field . ellenville , new york - afternoon 126 agnes and louie stand in the knee-length grass of they patch of land in ellenville . there 's a little fall - apart cabin in the distance . louie breathe it in , agnes . this be what it 's all about . agnes breathes in . then cough . ext . creek . ellenville , NY - evening 127 agnes and louie sit on a dock by a lake . louie be fishing . agnes take she foot out of she shoe and dip she toe in the water . louie look at she for a long time . mid -conversation : louie Fine . I will think about it . agnes thank you . louie I be not say we be sell it . I will just give it a think . at my own pace . ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 74 . continued : 127 agnes you be the big boss . ext . cabin . ellenville , NY - evening 128 agnes walk out into the knee-high wet grass , she arm wrap around she shoulder , shiver in the cold . louie ( 0.s. ) agnes ! what be you do ? agnes keep walk , farther into the grass , away from the cabin . eventually she stop . louie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) agnes ! she do not move . ext . cabin . ellenville , NY - night 129 louie and agnes sit around a campfire by the lake , eat fish . louie ( smile ) husband catch fish , wife cook fish ... that 's how God intend it to be . no computer , no tv , no phone ... tomorrow tarzan go hunt for boar . feed Jane . agnes Jane do not want to eat a boar . louie pour some more wine for both of they . raising he glass : louie to my girlfriend . agnes raise she glass . agnes to my husband . he laugh . they clink glass . keep eat . ext . cabin . ellenville , NY - night 130 louie and agnes have sex on they sleep bag by the camp fire , missionary and lustful and totally at ease ; two people who know each other 's body completely . ( continued ) 130 131 132 continued : 75 . 130 suddenly he stop and look at she . agnes what 's wrong ? louie nothing 's wrong . everything 's perfect just like this . he kiss she and they keep go at it . agnes ouch . louie what ? agnes my back . the ground be so hard . he turn she around clumsily . agnes ( cont 'd ) ouch . careful . my -- she start laugh . they keep kissing with she on top now . agnes ( cont ’d ) we be not kid anymore . louie speak for yourself . ext . cabin . ellenville , NY - morning 131 louie and agnes load up the back of the pickup truck . agnes 's face be stoney but she 's frantic . there 's something different about she now ; something confuse and shut down . louie honey . what 's go on ? you not feel well ? agnes I just want to go . can we go now ? she get into passenger side of the pickup truck , shutting the door . int . louie 's pickup truck . moving - day 132 driving , louie chuckle , then start giggle uncontrollably . it build into full - on laughter . agnes stare at he insulted . ( continued ) 132 76 . continued : 132 agnes it 's not funny . this only make louie laugh harder . agnes ( cont ’d ) all this year , everyone say there 's something wrong with I . no . there 's something wrong with you . stop laugh ! he start shaking silently , hold back he laughter . until he finally calm down . she turn away from he and watch the tree pass by . louie it just take I by surprise , I guess . that 's all . you have never be the competitive type and I think ... I think it be funny . I -- it 's cute . they drive quietly for a bit , just the radio playing classic prog rock . louie ( cont 'd ) I do not think it 's such a good idea . agnes here we go . louie I just do not think the excitement would be good for you . agnes I be do it . louie honey -- she turn to face he . agnes I be not ask you , I be tell you . I be finally do something on my own and you can support I or not , but I will do it either way . I do not want to talk about it anymore . louie 's anger rise but he keep it in check , stare at the road ahead . louie how big be it ? ( continued ) 132 133 134 135 continued : ( 2 ) 77 . 132 agnes five hundred piece . louie not the puzzle . the competition . agnes about three hundred and sixty in the individual competition . he nod to himself over and over . louie do you want I to sign up with you and do the couple competition together ? agnes no . I be do it by myself . louie do what you want . I give up . int . basement . ST . stephen church - day 133 agnes and the other member of the lady Guild ( ezster , fanny , et al ) stand in a informal assembly line and put different foodstuff in charity Easter basket . agnes keep put can sausage in the basket , one basket after another , expressionless , look at the new child 's drawing on the wall . the other woman around she be chat and laugh . Father kutash walk over . father kutash confession , agnes ? she consider he . then shake she head and keep work . int . gabe bedroom . agnes and louie 's house - day 134 agnes be make gabe 's bed . she spot something lie on he desk , walk over and look at it . it 's a printout of he college application essay , entitle '' why I want to go to college '' . int . train car . metro NORTH . moving - day 135 agnes sit next to the window , read gabe 's essay . 136 137 78. int . kitchen . robert townhouse - day 136 agnes and Robert stand in he gorgeous kitchen , face a incredible array of teas in a rack on the wall . Robert be hold a box under she nose . she do . ROBERT smell it . she 's nervous . agnes very nice . ROBERT it 's a mix of rise petal and bergamot . smell this one . he open another box . agnes lean into smell it . he watch she . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) like it ? agnes nod . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) want to try it ? agnes where 's Maria ? ROBERT visit family . agnes I like she . int . kitchen . robert townhouse - day 137 Robert be unfold the paper agnes just hand he . agnes second paragraph . ROBERT uh ... let 's see. ( read out loud ) " my mother do not know anything about the world outside of we house , we church , we tradition and we family . she , like my father and brother , never go to - - " he look up at she . ( continued ) 137 continued : 79 . 137 ROBERT ( cont 'd ) he spell '' college '' wrong . it say '' collage '' . probably the spell - check ... agnes keep go . ROBERT ( read ) " I love my mother , but i_also feel bad for she . she 's a shelter person and do not think of gnything but serve the man in she e . a child of hungarian timigrent , she lose she mother when she be young and grow up dote on she dad . she 's g stil live in the house he raise she in . when he die after a long illness , she fall apart . she be treat for emotional problem and have never be the same from what I remember . I want to_be different . I want to go to -- collage -- and learn about other culture , not post my own , and other way of eing . I want to travel . I want to gain self - awareness and be sane . I want to_try new religion . New food . I do not want to just become ny father , who be too scared to think outside the box , or m mother , who just will not let herself come alive . " he put the essay down . awkward pause . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) he do say he love you . she turn away and look at the spice rack on the counter . agnes read ROBERT ( cont 'd ) it 's smart of he . College admission love kid who be first generation to attend college . he 's totally exploit that . very savvy . 's the description on a tea box . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) oh , god. mata . to I this all just ring false . it do not sound like you at all . ( continued ) * * continued : ( 2 ) 80 . 137 137 agnes ( work on puzzle ) I think it sound exactly like I . ; ROBERT I disagree . you -- agnes you do not know I . ROBERT hey . Robert gently put a finger under she chin and tilt it up so she 's look at he . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) hey . I know that you be the best puzzler I have ever meet . and I know that you be modest and funny and beautiful and strange . and I happen to know you be a excellent kisser . they look at each other for a long time . she close she eye , as if she 's too overwhelm to see he or be see . agnes I do not know why -- I do not understand why someone like you would ever find I interesting . ROBERT that 's exactly why . because you do not understand . agnes 's keep she eye close . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( hungarian accent ) agnesh . she smile slightly . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) agnesh . can I - -? can I kiss you back now ? agnes oh , God . please , do not ! 138 int . train car . metro NORTH . moving - afternoon 138 agnes sit in the window on the train head back to bridgeport . it pull up to the New rochelle train station ; agnes glance out the window absentmindedly . then , after a second think , she grab she purse and dash out the door . 139 140 81 . int . kitchen . aunt emily's apartment . new rochelle - 139 afternoon agnes be stand at the stove in a dank , dirty little kitchen , make a grill cheese sandwich . agnes ..- and I just feel terrible that I be not able to come visit you any sooner ! agnes flip the grill cheese sandwich onto a plate and carry it into the live room . int . live room . aunt emily's apartment - continuous 140 aunt emily , 90 , a tiny woman with a shock of white hair , sit in a armchair with she foot in a cast on which name and kid drawing have be magic-markered . agnes put the plate on she lap . aunt emily I have plenty of people look in on I . it 's like Grand Central station in here sometimes with grand kid and great grand kid . she point to the colorful drawing and signature on she cast . aunt emily ( cont ’d ) I keep get name wrong . so , this help this old lady . agnes smile as she sit down across from aunt Emily and watch she eat . aunt emily ( cont ’d ) how be you , agnes ? agnes me? I be ... I feel -- I be different . aunt emily different how ? agnes I be ... not good . but not bad at all . in between . Emily nod ; she 's not surprised . agnes ( cont 'd ) louie ? she trail off . ( continued ) 140 141 82 . continued : 140 agnes ( cont 'd ) he 's the same . I be just -- all of a sudden -- aunt emily sometimes that happen . I get mad at you uncle laszlo about the same thing for fifty year . I would scream and scream at he . same thing , every day . then one day I stop and start laugh all of a sudden . it do not matter anymore . I forget what I be yell about . agnes I always think you two have a great marriage . aunt emily oh , we do . we do . like you . she smile at agnes , then yawn and take she denture out . aunt emily ( cont 'd ) okay , enough chit-chat . feel like help I take a bath ? int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - evening 141 agnes be busy prepping dinner , a distract look on she face , while Ziggy and louie drink beer and gabe hang out . gabe her parent be jerk . they ground she for a month , but then they go on a cruise . so now she step sister be watch she , like a warden . louie a warden do not watch the prisoner . the guard do . gabe same difference . she 's in jail and I have to break she out . louie get up and open the fridge , look through it . louie my manchego be not in the cheese drawer . agnes bite she lip and close she eye . ( continued ) 141 142 83. continued : 141 agnes I do not go grocery shopping today . sorry . louie too bad . I be die for a piece of that stuff . agnes ( snap ) I say I be sorry . I will buy it tomorrow . Jesus ! the boy and louie fall silent and stare at agnes . agnes ( cont 'd ) ( to gabe ) what be you look at ? can not you do something ? gabe like ? agnes like why do not you set the table for once ? Ziggy help when he can . why be you the prince in this family ? gabe raise he eyebrow . gabe okay . int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - evening 142 the family be seat around the dinner table . agnes so I get into the tournament . I sign up . louie oh good . you take my advice . agnes look at he incredulously . louie ( cont 'd ) ( to the boy ) you mom 's gonna be in a puzzle competition . . agnes jigsaw puzzle . gabe what happen if you win ? ( continued ) 142 84 . continued : 142 agnes what do you mean ? ziggy if you win . what do you get ? be there a prize ? agnes oh . I do not know . I think you win a trophy or something . something small . Ziggy raise he beer . ziggy to Mom ! gabe raise he glass . gabe to mama ! louie raise he beer . louie to Mom . and she competition . they all clink they drink . agnes be touch . louie ( cont 'd ) you mother and I have something else we want to tell you . we be sell the land in ellenville . ziggy you be kid . louie and we want to give the money to you two . gabe , to help to pay for education . Ziggy , we want you to be able to get you own place when you be ready . maybe put a payment down on a house . agnes look at louie , confuse . agnes Lou , when do we --? ziggy wait , seriously ? be this a joke ? _ louie it 's no joke . we be absolutely serious . ( continued ) 142 143 continued : ( 2 ) 85 . 142 ziggy but do not you guy want to use the money for yourselves ? take a vacation or something ? Mom , you barely leave the house . agnes be upset . louie ( firmly ) it 's for you two . it 's a gift . end of story . gabe I think it 's a great idea . int . agnes and louiee' bedroom -- night 143 agnes be lie in bed with she eye close while louie climb in next to she . he lean over and kiss she on the cheek , try to initiate some kind of physical contact . agnes I do not understand how you could make a decision like that without I . louie it be you idea ! agnes but the last time we talk you say you would think about it . louie and I do think about it . agnes but we do not even get to discuss it . louie why do we need to discuss it ? it 's what you want . agnes roll over onto she side , face away from he . louie ( cont 'd ) what ? I do not understand what the fuck problem be . agnes the fuck problem be my fuck husband think there 's no fuck problem . 144 86 . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - morning 144 Ziggy be make pancake while agnes scramble egg . he skillfully flip a couple of perfect-look pancake . agnes peer over , surprised . agnes that be beautiful . ziggy thanks . louie come in . louie hey , ag , a couple of people tell I they have not get a invitation to the Easter Party yet . agnes that 's strange . I mail they all . ziggy I be help Mom cook for the party . louie okay . ( to agnes ) and do not forget to buy my cheese . he sit at the table just as gabe stumble in and drop to a chair . agnes take the fry pan off the stove and start serve the egg . Ziggy serve pancake . gabe so -- hey . guess what , everyone . good news . I have decide what I want to do with the ellenville money . all eye be on gabe . he bang a drum roll on the table . louie stop that . agnes that money be for college . gabe I 'mr go to take a year off and go to tibet with Nicki . agnes stop short . louie stare . gabe ( cont 'd ) I will go to college eventually . I just want some time to figure out what - ( continued ) 87 . 144 continued : 144 agnes dad say that money be for a house for Ziggy and you college . gabe he say it be a gift . agnes look at louie . agnes be you go to say anything ? gabe Travel be a kind of education unto itself . agnes louie . louie I do say it be a gift . upset , agnes put the fry pan down on the table and storm out of the room . gabe what 's she fuck deal ? ziggy watch you mouth ! 145-150 omitted 145-150 151 int . bedroom . robert townhouse - day 151 Robert be read a book in bed , watch volcanic eruption on the weather Channel . his phone ring . 152 ext . backyard . agnes and louie 's house - day 152 agnes be lie on she back in the grass , look at the moon in the sky , she iphone to she ear . ROBERT ( on phone ) hello ? she hesitates . not sure what to say . finally : agnes ( to phone ) hi. we CUT back and forth between agnes 's backyard and ROBERT 's bedroom : ( continued ) 87a . 152 continued : 152 ROBERT mata . hi. ( continued ) 152 continued : ( 2 ) agnes hello . ROBERT what 's up ? agnes close she eye . agnes happy Holy Thursday . ROBERT be it Thursday already ? agnes Holy Thursday . tomorrow be good Friday . then Sunday be Easter . the resurrection . ROBERT I know what Easter be , mata . I also know that you be not the believer you once be . and that 's okay . you have to be kind to yourself . she smile . agnes I like it when you call I mata . ROBERT it 's who you be . agnes it be ... it use to be . what be you do right now ? Robert sit up in he bed . ROBERT nothing , really . as usual . 88 . 152 she laugh . then she put she hand over she eye , as if remember something terrible . agnes God . that 's the worst thing I have ever do . ROBERT ( 0.s. ) wait , what ? what happen ? agnes kiss you . ROBERT oh. wow . if that 's the worst thing you have ever do , agnes , you be pretty damn lucky . ( continued ) 152 153 154 155 156 continued : ( 3 ) 89 . 152 agnes I have not go to confession . I do not know how to confess this -- I have be tell lie . ROBERT ; you be not lie at all . everything you say be true . agnes ( impulsively ) I love you . agnes quickly end the call , regret . then she slowly get to she foot . montage . supermarket . bridgeport , ct - day 153 agnes cruise down the aisle of she local supermarket , select food and Easter supplies . -- she put a carton of egg in she cart ... -- then a Easter egg dyeing kit ... -- a bag of green plastic grass ... -- some chocolate rabbit and cadbury creme egg ... -- at the cheese section , agnes get manchego cheese . thinks it over . put it back . -- agnes wait as the grocery clerk scan she grocery . beep . beep . beep . beep . it 's the same old routine , but now she have no patience for it . omitted 154 ext . agnes and louie 's house - day 155 agnes stab the dirt with the statue to get they firm in the ground . then she walk out into the street to get a good look at she work . she put she hand on she hip and regards she house and the decoration out front . there 's a new kind of critical distance in she eye , nostalgia too . int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - afternoon 156 tear run down she face , agnes hold a egg in a wire spoon , dip half of it in a bowl of blue dye , and then dip the other half in a pool of red dye . finally agnes push the egg aside , and take out the unopen puzzle portray goya 's the nude maja . ( continued ) 156 157 90 . continued : 156 she stare at the cover for a second -- it 's a provocative , sensual painting -- and then rip off the plastic and the cover and dump the puzzle piece out onto the table . int . dine room . agnes and louie 's house - sunset 157 louie and Ziggy enter through the front door , and find agnes just where we leave she . the nude maja puzzle be almost do . agnes look up at they in a fog . agnes oh. hi. ziggy be you okay , Mom ? louie where 's dinner ? she look up , confusion in she eye , as if not sure where she be . agnes I guess I forget . louie you forget to make dinner ? what else do you forget ? do you forget we ? agnes stare at he . agnes I will start make it in five minute . I be sorry . louie sigh . louie do you buy my cheese ? agnes do not move . louie ( cont 'd ) you forget that too . agnes ( laugh ) I do . louie you think it 's funny ? agnes stare at louie , as if challenging he . ( continued ) 157 158 91 . continued : 157 louie ( cont 'd ) what the hell be wrong with you ? ziggy dad ! come on ! louie I slave all day for this family and you be sit around do puzzle ! agnes give he a look , and then go back to the nude maja . her hand hover over the puzzle board . louie stare shocked . ziggy I be gonna make dinner for everyone . okay ? dad . go upstairs and take a shower . I will take care of it . louie no . this be bullshit . louie bolt toward the door . agnes if you leave , do not come back . louie freeze . Ziggy sigh and lean against the doorway , watch he mother fit the last piece of the puzzle in . louie watch she too , unsure what to say or do . agnes look up at louie , a tiny smile on she face . agnes ( cont ’d ) it 's do . I ’1l1 make dinner now , dear . int . dine room . agnes and louiee' house - night 158 agnes , louie , Ziggy , gabe and Nicki sit around the table , eat pasta . nicki a third of the population , something like 32 % of India , live below the international poverty line . that 's $ 1.25 per day . how be anyone expect to survive like that ? I mean , basic need . shelter . food. clothes . a long pause of ponder and / or awkwardness . everyone eat . ( continued ) 158 continued : louie ( be : pasta ) this be pretty good , agnes . agnes I have be think . Ziggy . all eye be on agnes . agnes ( cont ’d ) maybe instead of get you own place , you could go back to school . maybe culinary school . ; louie ; culinary school ? you want he to be a cook ? 92 . 158 Ziggy , gabe and Nicki watch like spectator at a tennis match . agnes he 's clearly good at it . louie so what ? agnes you think it 's a bad idea ? louie frankly , I do not think it 's a very manly thing to do , be what I think . agnes all the great chef today be man . nicki most . louie ( to Nicki ) no one ask you . Nicki recoil . agnes most of the great chef be man . many . louie how do you know that ? agnes I look it up . Online . gabe laugh . gabe yes ! ( continued ) 158 159 continued : ( 2 ) 93 . 158 louie ( to gabe ) stay out of this ! agnes ( be : gabe ) I think that if this little punk be go to tibet , Ziggy should do whatever he want with that money . Ziggy grin . gabe punk ? _ louie ( to Ziggy ) you do not want to work in the garage anymore ? Ziggy shake he head . louie ( cont 'd ) you want to study ... cooking ? Ziggy nod . louie ( cont 'd ) cat 's get you tongue ? Ziggy nod . louie ( cont 'd ) ( to agnes ) you turn my eldest son against I . ziggy no , dad . it 's what I want . it be my idea . Mom 's just try to -- louie stare at Ziggy , disgust . then he get up and leave the table . louie do not wait up for I . he walk out . a beat later , we hear the front door OPEN and slam . int . live room . agnes and louie 's house - night 159 agnes be puzzle by the lamplight . she hear the front door open , and then a few second later louie appear in the live room doorway , drunk . they exchange look before agnes continue do she puzzle . ( continued ) 159 160 94 , continued : 159 louie who give you permission to turn my son against I ? he 's a man . agnes you be drunk . go to bed . louie goddammit , agnes . you have forget how to listen . I have never do you wrong . ever . louie take the puzzle and hurl it across the room . it shatter , the puzzle piece fly across the floor . agnes 's face crumple and she sink to the floor and crawl around , collect the piece . louie watch she , horrify . louie ( cont 'd ) Jesus . look at you . agnes keep collect the piece and push they back into the box . louie ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? who 's put all this new idea in you head ? selling the land . cook school . the puzzle . Fucking competition . she ignore he and keep look for the piece . louie ( cont 'd ) you know what my father would do to my mother in a situation like this ? he grab she and pin she against the wall , lift he hand as if to hit she . she watch in horror . he freeze . louie ( cont 'd ) that 's what he would do . I never do . I be not he . I never will be . I be not he . and he walk out of the room . agnes ( to herself ) thank you . int . train car . metro NORTH . moving - day 160 agnes look out of the window at the approach New York City skyline . ( continued ) 95 . continued : 160 train announcer ( over ) next stop , Grand Central . next and last stop Grand Central Terminal . int . den / study . robert townhouse - day 161 on she way to the basement , agnes notice Robert 's desk be now messy , blueprint , magnet , battery and plastic tubing laid out . clearly he 's be get back to he work . she smile to herself , somehow it feel like a small triumph . she hear a loud pop , like a gun shot , and jump . turn around swiftly to see : Robert with a champagne bottle in he hand . he 's just pop the cork . / ROBERT surprise . int . library . robert townhouse - day 162 Robert be pour champagne into two glass . he and agnes be sit across from each other at the puzzle table . ROBERT to we last practice together . they clink glass . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) to you . agnes to you . ROBERT to a great good Friday . she laugh . they clink again . agnes to get all the wrong piece right . they clink again and the champagne sloshes out of agnes 's glass . agnes ( cont ’d ) I feel drunk and I have not even take a sip yet . ROBERT you be so beautiful . agnes look down and blushes . ( continued ) 96 . continued : 162 ROBERT ( cont 'd ) let 's start . he dump the puzzle out onto the table . just as he do this , agnes clumsily lean across the table and kiss he . he kiss she back . they both stand up , embrace , puzzle piece fall off the table . int . bedroom . ROBERT 's townhouse - afternoon 163 agnes and Robert lie under the cover together , post-coital . mid -conversation : agnes I decorate the whole house , I make a turkey , we have a Easter Egg hunt ... louie 's family come early . then all he friend from the garage . and all the woman from the lady Guild . ROBERT what would happen if you do not go ? agnes I do not know . ROBERT people would still show up , right ? and you husband would have to entertain they . agnes think it over . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) and maybe that would be all right . agnes I can not imagine it . ROBERT stay here . do not go to the party . he stroke she arm while she gaze out the window . then she turn to he and touch he face ; he eyelid , he nose , he lip . agnes I can not stay . ROBERT I know . that 's okay . they kiss . 97 . int . bedroom . ROBERT 's townhouse - evening 164 the sun shimmer down behind a distant building and disappear . agnes sleep in bed next to Robert . her phone ring inside her purse . she suddenly wake up , terrify . agnes oh , God . he 's go to kill I . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - night 165 agnes enter quietly through the back door , then stop short when she see louie at the kitchen table . he 's sit there , very still , surround by party detritus . agnes flinch , terrify . agnes look , I - louie please do not make any excuse , agnes . please . I know you be not with Emily . I call she . and ronnie be here . Said he see you at the train station the other day . agnes I be stick in - louie please do not lie to I . just please do not lie to I . please , do not -- louie take a deep breath . louie ( cont 'd ) you have to tell I . you have to tell I everything , ag. agnes regards he , she mood darken . agnes I do not have to tell you anything . I be not you servant . you do not own I . louie get up from the table and start walk out of the room . agnes ( cont ’d ) but I will tell you this -- he turn to face she . ( continued ) 165 al67 98 . continued : 165 agnes ( cont ’d ) do not make decision about the family without I . do not laugh at I when I care about something . quit tell I I be cute all the time when you actually mean I be dumb . help I shop if you want you cheese . stop look at I like I be damage goods or a head case . stop snore ! I can not sleep at night . and never ever , ever raise a hand on I again . louie be very still . agnes ( cont 'd ) do you hear any of that ? louie nod , stoic . louie be you have a affair ? agnes yes . I be . I think . louie you think you be have a affair ? agnes I have a puzzle partner . he 's a man . we be a team . we be compete as a team . we have have ... sex . one time . and it be not good but it be not bad . he nod to himself . agnes ( cont ’d ) do you have anything to say ? louie hesitates , let out a strange little laugh , then shake he head no , and start trudging up the stair to bed . agnes collapse against the wall , devastate . int . bedroom . agnes and louiee' house - night 166 louie enter the bedroom , sit still on the edge of the bed and take a series of long breath . int . kitchen . agnes and louiee' house - at the same timea167 agnes be on the floor , breathe hard , distraught . 167 99 . int . ST . stephen church . bridgeport , ct - morning 167 the whole family sit in a full pew and listen to the Father kutash deliver the Easter sermon : father kutash we begin we celebration today with a service of light which represent Jesus Christ rise from the dead and bring light to we . Christ light have shine in the world , scatter darkness forever . we have be wait for this moment from the beginning . we hear in we reading today a account of the creation of man . and woman . this be in God 's eternal plan for humankind . but the high point be the resurrection ; it be the great celebration of God 's Church . this day be the most bless of all as we hear in the exsultet , the Easter proclamation . '' rejoice , let mother Church also rejoice ! '' agnes and louie keep glance in each other 's direction . ext . ST . stephen church . bridgeport , ct - day 168 the family exit the church amid the worshipper . louie start to peel off . louie ( avoid eye contact ) I be gonna go to the garage and do a little work . agnes do you want a ride ? louie Nah . thanks . agnes and the boy watch louie trudge away down the sidewalk , he hand jamme into he pocket . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - day 169 agnes and gabe sit at the kitchen table while Ziggy stand at the stove , make grill cheese sandwich for lunch . ziggy oh , and I also make this little tart last night , this little mushroom goat cheese thing ... ( continued ) 169 continued : Sage ? Ziggy serv she nod . 100 . 169 agnes from scratch ?! ziggy yeah . and everyone love they . oh , and I roast the turkey in a different way . I use sage , too . agnes gabe it be really good . agnes what do ezster say ? about I not show up ? gabe I dunno . she say something to dad and then he get mad and tell she to leave . agnes he do ? gabe uh-huh . es they sandwich . they all eat . ziggy there 's this school in New York City . it 's not that expensive but it 's really well - know . you can get a degree in two year . and if it be okay with you guy I would keep live here and commute and then I would still have a little money leave over at the end . I do not know how long the commute would be , though . it might be too long . agnes just a hour forty to Grand Central . ziggy really ? that 's it ? ziggy ( cont 'd ) that 's not bad . gabe look at agnes curiously . agnes it will be cheaper if you buy a monthly . 170 171 172 173 174 175 101 . int . bathroom . agnes and louie 's house - day 170 agnes carefully apply mascara and a coat of lipstick while look in the mirror . it 's the first time we have see she all dolled up . ext . robert townhouse - day 171 agnes ring the doorbell . Robert answer . ROBERT ready ? agnes shake she head no . he smile . ext . garden state parkway - day 172 a black town car drive down the highway . ext . atlantic CITY casino - sunset 173 the town car pull in front of a flashy , deck - out casino with a sign out front that read : welcome puzzler . Robert jump out and run to agnes 's door . he open it . she look at he in panic . he offer she he hand . she hesitates . agnes I should not be here . this be not I . he gingerly take she hand and lead she out of the car . she let he . int . lobby . atlantic CITY casino - night 174 agnes and Robert enter the lobby . they walk through the casino floor toward a entrance to a atrium where they sign in at the puzzle competition registration table . int . atrium . atlantic CITY casino - night 175 agnes and Robert sit down across from each other at a fold table , surround by hundred of other people at identical fold table . we catch glimpsis of just a few of they fellow puzzle competitor : --an overweight couple in match cowboy suit ... ( continued ) 101a . 175 continued : 175 ( continued ) 175 176 177 102 . continued : ( 2 ) 175 -- a older woman with half a dozen medal from previous competition hang around she neck ... -- lot of kooky overdressed matronly type ... -- a older man with a floor- length beard and a paper crown that say : puzzle king . --a woman wear a american flag sweater . --a couple of nerdy teenager . a woman come by and put a paper bag full of puzzle piece and a cardboard box on they table . agnes reach out to touch it but Robert stop she . ROBERT ( softly ) not yet , honey . she stare , shake by that last word . int . atrium . atlantic CITY casino - night 176 the puzzle emcee , a woman , step up to the microphone . puzzle emcee alright , puzzler , this be it . the moment of truth be upon we . ready ? on my count : five. four. three. two. one. begin ! the SOUND of hundred of puzzle be frantically dumped out on the table at the same time follows . int . atrium . atlantic CITY casino - night 177 agnes dump out the piece and start sifting through they with she finger . Robert , along with everyone else in the room , have stand up and be walk around the table , look at the puzzle piece . ROBERT ( whisper ) what be you do ? stand up ! agnes shake she head no . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) remember ? it 's important to step away and take a - agnes shhh . I be work . ( continued ) 177 178 179 103 . continued : 177 she 's rapidly separate the puzzle piece into group . int . atrium . atlantic CITY casino - night 178 Robert be now sit across from agnes and they be work quickly , silently . he glance over she work . ROBERT you be not do it by color . she nod and continue work . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you be do it the old way . agnes . what be you -? agnes everyone else be do color and border . ROBERT yes ! that 's how we train ! agnes if we do it that way we will not win . we will come in second or third . I be do it the old way . ROBERT agnes . agnes if we argue about this we definitely will not win . ROBERT you be a goddamn rebel be what you be . she look up for a quick second , smile . she like the idea of it . int . bathroom . robert house - night 179 agnes be stand in a corner of Robert 's big white bathroom , make a call from she cell phone . gabe ( on phone ) hello . be this a emergency ? agnes ( to phone ) yes . hi. ( continued ) 104 . 179 continued : 179 gabe ( on phone ) what happen ? agnes ( to phone ) I win . gabe ( on phone ) ( shouting ) she won ! the faint SOUND of ziggy and nicki cheering and yelling in the background . agnes ( to , phone ) I leave a roast chicken in the fridge . you can just heat it up and - gabe ( on phone ) do not worry about it . we can take care of ourselves . tear unexpectedly spring into agnes 's eye . agnes ( to phone ) okay . Love you , honey . gabe ( on phone ) you wanna talk to dad ? agnes ( to phone ) no , no , that 's okay . gabe ( on phone ) congratulation , Mom . agnes thanks baby . he hang up . agnes just stand there in the bathroom for a second , in pain . suddenly , a knock on the bathroom door . ROBERT ( 0.s. ) mata , be you in there ? I need you date of birth . agnes what for ? ROBERT ( 0.s. ) I be on the phone book ticket to Brussels . do you have a frequent flier number with american ? she laugh . 180-182 omitted 180-182 183 184 105 . int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - night 183 agnes tiptoe into the dark kitchen . she take off she shoe and leave they by the door with the trophy . int . live room . agnes and louie 's house - night 184 agnes tiptoe through the dark live room towards the stair . suddenly she stop in she track and scream , grop around in the dark and finally collapse in a chair . a lamp turn on . it 's louie . he 's be sleep on the couch . agnes be illuminate , sit in a armchair and cradling she bare foot . louie what happen ? agnes shake she head , unable to speak . louie come closer . louie ( cont 'd ) let I see . be it a splinter ? agnes ( gasp ) it hurt like hell . louie crouch down in front of agnes and hold he hand out . after a second , she give he she foot . he inspect it . louie it look like a piece of glass . a piece of porcelain or something . it 's tiny . he try to touch it . agnes yelp . agnes do not . louie sorry , sorry . agnes turn the bottom of she foot up and look at it . and she realize : agnes it 's the last piece . louie of what ? ( continued ) 106 . 184 continued : 184 agnes of that plate you break . on my birthday . louie oh yeah . hold on a second . he get up and leave the room . we stay on she face . louie come back with a pair of tweezers , a bag of cotton ball , and a bottle of rub alcohol . louie ( cont 'd ) here we go . he kneel down in front of agnes again . louie ( cont 'd ) now tell I if anything hurt . agnes nod , bite she lip . louie whistle slowly while he work . louie ( cont 'd ) ooh ... get closer ... that do not hurt ? agnes shake she head . louie ( cont 'd ) ah ha ... little bugger ... it 's almost out ... agnes study louie 's face . it 's full of concentration and tenderness . louie ( cont 'd ) tear up ) ready ? agnes for what ? louie I be gonna pull it out . it may hurt . ready for I ? she nod . 185 int . kitchen . agnes and louie 's house - morning 185 Ziggy be cooking breakfast . gabe inspect agnes 's trophy . gabe it 's kind of small . agnes I get some gift certificate for puzzle too . ( continued ) 185 a186 186 107 . continued : 185 the front door open off screen , then slam . gabe jump up and go to see what 's go on . a beat later he come back . gabe dad leave for work . ziggy without I ? gabe dal Ziggy look at agnes , who smile at he . ziggy , why be you smile ? agnes it 's he way of say you can go to school . ext . louiee' pickup truck - day a186 the pickup truck travel down a country road . int . louie 's pickup truck . moving - day 186 agnes drive west on the highway to ellenville . Ziggy be riding shotgun . Nicki be squeeze in the back with gabe ; she read out loud to everyone from one of she shambhala book . nicki '' all worldly pursuit have but one unavoidable and inevitable end , which be sorrow . acquisition end in dispersion ; building in destruction ; meeting in separation ; birth in death . do not dwell in the past , and do not dream of the future . one of buddha 's student ask he : " be you the messiah ? " " no , " answer buddha . " then you be a healer , " say the student . " no , " the buddha reply . " then you be a teacher , " the student persist . " no , I be not a teacher , " say the buddha . " then what be you , " the student ask , exasperate . " I be awake , " say the buddha . '' agnes my father be the most charming , impossible man . Nicki look up from the book . gabe and Ziggy stare tensely at agnes . no one say anything . ( continued ) 186 187 188 189 190 108 . continued : 186 agnes ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) you would have love he , nicki. pause ) keep go , dear . gabe and Ziggy exchange relieved look . nicki I can not . agnes why ? nicki I feel carsick . ext . cabin . ellenville , NY - afternoon 187 everyone be clean out the cabin together , clear out all the old debris and furniture . agnes be carry a big box out out to the car . gabe careful , Mom . can I help ? she shake she head no . int . cabin . ellenville , NY - afternoon 188 gabe unearth a mid-80 frogger - type video game contraption from under a pile of toy . he press the play button over again over again , and every time the video game theme song plays he and Ziggy and Nicki dance to it . agnes stand on the cabin 's front porch , watch they through the screen door , smile . ext . cabin . ellenville , NY - sunset 189 agnes walk by herself through the tall grass , towards the creek . ext . creek . ellenville , NY - sunset 190 the sun set over agnes stand in a pair of galoshes in the middle of the creek . 191 192 193 109 . int . den . robertas townhouse . west village - sunset 191 Robert be at he desk connect tub and magnet . his phone ring . he recognize the number and answer quickly . ROBERT 47 ° phone ) be you all pack ? ext . creek . ellenville , NY - sunset 192 she 's on the phone , still stand in the middle of the creek . agnes ( to phone ) I be with my family . ROBERT ( on phone ) but you be ready , right ? agnes ( to phone ) yes . ROBERT ( on phone ) do you want I to send the car ? agnes ( to phone ) no. I 'il take the train . ROBERT ( on phone ) mata , you have to get to the airport at least three hour early for a international flight . you should be here around one . Security 's go to take forever . do you tell louie ? agnes ( to phone ) no. ROBERT ( on phone ) be you go to ? agnes ( to phone ) no. ext . den . robert town house . west village - sunset 193 ROBERT ( to phone ) be you go to flake on I , mata ? agnes ( on phone ) ( laugh ) no . ROBERT ( to phone ) good . I love you . ( continued ) 193 194 195 196-197 198 110 . continued : 193 agnes ( on phone ) I love you too . ext . creek . ellenville , NY - sunset 194 agnes smile to herself . ROBERT ( on phone ) I miss you . agnes ( to phone ) I miss you too . int . louie 's pickup truck . moving - night 195 Ziggy drive . gabe and Nicki be asleep in the back seat . agnes gaze out the window at the pass night . omitted 196-197 int . live room . agnes and louie 's house - night 198 agnes walk down the stair to find louie sleep on the couch , a mask on , hook up to a anti-snor contraption that 's pump oxygen into he nose and mouth . she sit on a chair across from he and watch he , the mechanical SOUND dominate the room . finally , she get up and wake up louie . he sit up . agnes be : contraption ) what be that ? louie for my snore . agnes but it 's so loud ! louie should I turn it off ? agnes yes !! he turn it off and remove the mask . she laugh . the room be dead quiet . they sit there , stare at each other , inch away , with decade of marriage keep they quiet and aware . finally , louie reach over and touch she face with he hand . clear the hair from she eye . ( continued ) 198 199 200 201 a202 202 111 . continued : 198 agnes ( cont 'd ) do you want to come up ? louie please . she take he hand and lead he up the stair . louie ( cont 'd ) I love you , ag. agnes I love you too . int . agnes' car . moving - day 199 agnes drive into the Metro North parking lot , tear stream down she face . hindi music plays on the radio . ext . rail station . bridgeport , ct - day 200 agnes get out of the car , open the back and take out a suitcase . omitted 201 ext . train track . ct - day a202 the train speed through Connecticut landscape . int . train car . metro NORTH . moving - day 202 the train conductor we meet on agnes 's first ride into Manhattan come by . train conductor ticket please ! agnes hold out a twenty . agnes one way to Grand Central . train conductor you know , it 's cheaper if you -- agnes I know . 203 204 112 . montage . agnes train portrait - day 203 we move through a series of portrait show agnes 's reflection in the window with the light change as the train move . she be absolutely fascinate by she own image , a woman she be just now get to know and like . ext . ROBERT 's townhouse . west village - day 204 the cab pull away leave agnes stand across the street from Robert 's townhouse . she pick up she suitcase . take a deep breath . can not bring herself to cross over . she look around . the sun get in she eye . she let it . she try to cross over again , but can not quite do it . she suddenly see Robert appear in the window . alone , he seem even more handsome , more attractive , more vulnerable . he spot she stand there in the street and wave to she . she wave back . he stare for a beat , confuse . she shake she head ever so slightly . alarm , he pick up he phone and dial . her phone ring . she answer . ROBERT ( on phone ) mata , please . agnes I be sorry . they stare at each other while on the phone ; he - above in the window ; she - down on the street . ROBERT you can not do this to I . agnes I be not . not to you . you will be fine . he quickly step away from the window toward the door . ROBERT I will be right down . agnes no ! stay there . she see he come back to the window , defeat . ( continued ) 204 205 113 . continued : 204 they stare at each other for a long beat , listen to each other breathing . agnes ( cont ’d ) we will be fine . ext . WASHINGTON square park - afternoon 205 agnes be sit on the grass next to she suitcase . she 's be here for awhile . from time to time she close she eye and look up , let the sun caress she face . the phone ring in her purse . agnes watch the daylight moon above . smile to herself . she 's make she peace . the phone keep ringing she look around and we pull back to see : tourist , student , couple ( young and old ) , STREET musician , dog walker , chess player , the homeless , child of all age move about . agnes take everything in . then she fix she gaze on a man move through the crowd , he phone to he ear . it 's louie , clearly call she , confuse in this environment . she laugh , see he stop to ask a stranger for direction . the Stranger point . louie start move toward she . he finally spot she on the grass and hasten he step . she stay still . close she eye . louie agnes , for God 's sake . answer you phone . you say the east side of -- I have be call -- tear be stream down she face , but she keep she eye shut . he soften . louie ( cont 'd ) I be here . you tell I to come so I be here . what do you want I to do now ? agnes sit next to I . he sit besides she . she keep she eye close . agnes ( cont ’d ) take my hand . ( continued ) 205 114 . continued : 205 he take she hand in he and hold it to he lip . now he 's cry too . agnes ( cont ’d ) Close you eye . he close he wet eye . louie what now ? agnes nothing . louie nothing ? agnes just this . for now . they sit there lean into each other , shoulder - to- shoulder , hold hand with they eye close . the world keep go around they without notice . a sea of humanity . the ultimate puzzle . the end