confidence by Doug jung first draft March 2000 black : jake ( v.o. ) so I be dead ... fade in : ext . - back alley - night ( present ) dumpster overflow with the day 's garbage . a pillar of steam rise from a underground grate . it 's the dark place between building that a reasonable person avoid . we see jake vig , a guy in he late 20 's whose fashionable suit and good look be in obvious contrast to the surroundings -- at first glance , you would think he could run for Congress some day . at first glance . Jake face a garbage dumpster on he knee , execution style . his face give away nothing -- he could be kneel in a strawberry field . jake ( v.o. ) and I think it 's because of this redhead ... butch ( o.s. ) know who I be , Jake ? jake the anti-christ ? butch ( o.s. ) no. I be not the anti-christ . or the Prince of darkness . I be just a guy look for some answer . there 's the loud unmistakable " click " of a gun be cocked . the barrel of a gun slide gently along Jake 's ear and come to rest at the base of he skull . the voice and the gun belong to butch ( 40' ) . with he suit and conservative look , you would make he out for a " Steve " or " Roger " more than a " butch " . butch ( cont ' d) thing be probably go to end badly for you , Jake . jake gee ... what make you say that ? butch you life flash before you eye ? jake just the last three week . ( continued ) 2 . continued : butch that 's not a bad place to start . CUT to : ext . - back alley - night title : Three week ago ... the same alley ... the door of a building burst open as lionel dolby ( late 40' ) , dress in a cheap suit , stumble out breathe heavy . the dim light of a bare bulb glare off the sweat on he forehead . a moment later , Jake emerge from the same door carry a large black revolver . jake I lose my head . I be ... sorry . I do not know what happen . lionel y-y - you fuck shot he ! that 's what happen ! jake I have to ! that motherfucker be about to welch ! you see what he be do , right ? you hear he ! lionel start shaking he head spastically . lionel I can not be here ! you understand ? I can ' t -- jake listen to I ! it go to shit . it happen sometimes . in the distance , a police siren wail , grow louder . lionel oh Jesus ! jake listen to I ! we do not have much time . we can still get through this but you have to keep you head and trust I ! Jake take a tentative step forward . lionel see a blood stain on Jake 's shirt and recoil . the siren grow louder , Jake turn he head towards it . ( continued ) 3 . continued : lionel what -- what do we do ? jake help I . Jake wave lionel back through the door they come out of . CUT to : int . - the euclid bar a dive furnish with a few mismatch chair and a bar . a single overweight patron sit at a corner table with face bury in he hand as he whimper . Jake and , lionel dolby pass he as they emerge from a back hallway . mile , late 20' , wipe blood off the bar . place at the edge of the bar be two briefcase , both open , both fill with neat stack of blood splatter money . a dead guy lie face down on the floor in a pool of blood . Jake grab the Dead guy 's leg as lionel watch in disbelief . jake come on . grab he arm . lionel stand freeze . Jake , drop the dead guy 's leg with a thud . jake lionel ... he 's dead . yeah , maybe you do not pull the trigger , but you be stand right there and watch I do it . help I . grab he arm . the police siren grow louder . mile tick-tock ... jake if you wanna help , then help . if not , shut up . mile you mess . jake then shut up . mile my place . ( continued ) 4 . continued : mile let out a little chuckle ; it 's just enough to set Jake off again . Jake pull the gun and point it at mile . mile oh please ... mile non - chalantly pull a saw off shot gun frown under the bar . mile ( cont ' d) you think this kinda shit have not happen here before ? give it 's usually on thursdays . and usually , I gotta tell the cop , " no , Officer ... I do not really get a good look at the shooter . " usually anyway . patron ( without look up ) I do not see nothing . and I swear if you let I go now , I will not say - jake relax , porkchop . the police siren sound like they be right outside . lionel I can not be here ! Jake cock he gun , never take he stare off mile . jake then go . lionel look at the briefcase of bloody money . lionel what about ... the money ? jake what about this situation make you think I can answer that question right now ? lionel again look at the briefcase ; then the shotgun levele at Jake ; then at the direction of the police siren ... he run for the door without a second think . CUT t0 : 5 . ext .- the euclid / CITY sidewalk - night lionel emerge up the stair from the basement level bar to street - level just as a police car screech to a halt in front of the bar , light flash , siren wailing . on the door be the emblem for the new york police department . lionel do he best to look casual as two uniformed officer jump out of the car and rush the euclid . one of the officer catch lionel look over he shoulder . the last thing lionel hear before he turn a corner -- officer ( o.s. ) everybody freeze ! as soon as he 's turn the corner , lionel break into a full sprint down the street . CUT to : int .- the euclid officer walter sobozinski , a middle age cop with a couple of spare tire , stand by the front door with he gun draw , in a dramatic stance . sobozinski ( yell ) I say , freeze you motherfuck , cocksucke , scumbag ! the second middle age cop , officer richard rottovich come calmly down the stair behind sobozinski . rottovich we be clear . rottovich close the door and lock it behind he . sobozinski ( still yell ) or I will blow off every one of you fuck head ! sobozinski let out a bellow laugh . we pan over to reveal Jake , mile and big al ( the patron ) sit at the bar by the Dead guy . jake stop wave that thing around . mile you sure we be clear ? ( continued ) 6 . continued : rottovich guy look like he be try not to shit himself . ( be : the Dead guy ) Nice . dead guy what take so fuck long ? the Dead guy stir -- gordo , late 20' , dress in a blood soak suit stand up ; wiping blood off he face . dead guy / gordo I have be lie in this shit like half the night . mile you guy be late . we have to go to a mexican stand - off . jake and you know I hate gun . Jake toss the revolver on the bar . sobozinski we be fight crime . mile keeping the city street safe for drug dealer and pedophile everywhere . Jake start take the money out of the briefcase . gordo strip out of the jacket and shirt , revealing a thin white vest . a wire run from a battery pack on he belt , up the center of the vest , end at a scorched , bloody , explosive squib . gordo drop the vest along with a plastic bag contain fake blood . a nasty bruise on he chest mark the spot where the squib be . gordo shit. jake I tell you , use less powder . gordo but you will not get that splatter effect . Jake remove the blood stain bill from the top of the pile . ( continued ) 7 . continued : jake then this go into you cut . Big Al move over to the bar . big al hey , Jake ... when be I gonna get to play the Inside ? jake gordo play the inside . you be the shill . big al yeah , but come on ... all I get to do be cry and get insulted . jake what be you talk about ? you should get a fuck Academy Award for the shill work you do . ( off Al 's smile ) we get it down cold , Al . you do not want to jinx it by change something up , do you ? big al I ' m gonna go get eggroll . anyone want eggroll ? Al slap Jake on the back and exit . Jake catch gordo hawk over he shoulder . jake what ? I can feel you look at I . gordo that 's a lot of cash . he come up with it pretty quick . jake probably some investment banker or convertible - bond - broker -dickhead . do you see how fast he run out of here ? it 's do . he 's not come back . gordo I guess . I gotta drop a dime . do anybody mess up the hoop ? mile it 's clean . gordo disappear dawn the back hallway . ( continued ) 8 . continued : Jake rubber band two small wad of cash and hand they to rottovich and sobozinski . jake ten percent . sobozinski you guy get sack , I will give you that much . jake confidence . it 's just confidence . sobozinski and rottovich head for the door with they newly padded pocket . rottovich ( patting he pocket ) feel a little light , Jake . next time we be in for twenty . mile twenty ? my ass ! jake what be you talk about ? ten 's standard . rottovich yeah well , sobo 's kid need brace . sobozinski do you have any idea what that monk charge for that medieval torture ? jake we get a good thing go here . you want to blow it over a overbite ? rottovich do not get I wrong , Jake . I like you boy . you guy be the steadiest business in town . but what can I say ? twenty percent 's still better than what we give to any of the other criminal . jake all the shit we pull with you and you be try to shake we down ? you guy get sack . rottovich be that a threat ? do I hear a threat ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : rottovich ( cont ' d ) last I remember , we be talk economics , then this ..? what happen next time if we gotta stop and help a little old lady cross the street ? well , shit ... then we gotta pass the call to someone else . sobozinski and rottovich exit . mile ( shaking he head ) cop ... CUT to : ext . back alley - night ( present ) butch shaking he head , still hold the gun . butch grifter ... jake we can not all be model citizen such as yourself . butch it 's all about the money , be not it ? jake be not it always ? CUT to : int .- four season HOTEL - night a suite in the upscale hotel . mile answer a knock on the door -- a expensive call girl stand at the door in a overcoat . jake ( v.o. ) it 's what make we run . and despite what they say , it can buy you love . call girl be you ready for I , Ralph ? she let the overcoat fall open , revealing she lack of clothing . CUT to : int .- prada store - night gordo stand in front of a mirror try on a new suit . the sale people fawn over he . ( continued ) 10 . continued : jake ( v.o . ) it can buy you a new and better you . gordo I just do not know if this say , " I " . what 's the fabric ? CUT to : int .- big al' apartment - night Big Al have a cordless phone to he ear ... jake ( v.o . ) it can erase all that thing about you that you wish do not exist . big al it 's alfonse . I want to settle up . I have not be ducking you . I tell you I would get it . Big Al pick up a chinese take - out menu and leaf through it while on the phone . CUT to : ext .- soho STREET - night Jake walk down the crowded street , pass the bar and restaurant of soho . his jacket 's buttone up to hide the blood stain . jake ( v.o . ) it can make you think you be on top of the world . Jake pass a group of well - dress , well manicure people wait in line outside of a trendy bar call " Wax . " among the hip and well dress , he seem out of place at the moment . a outsider . a attractive blonde in she late twenty , lily , bump into Jake . lily ( innocently ) oops . she throw Jake a smile he can not but help return . they stand for a second face each other before she 's whisk away by a older man , dress in a expensive suit . ( continued ) 11 . continued : Jake 's smile fade as he watch she saunter into the bar , but not before she throw he another glance over she shoulder . Jake continue on into ... CUT to : int .- neighborhood bar - continuous a semi-crowded bar . not hip and trendy like " Wax . " Jake find a empty stool at the end of the bar and order a drink . he take a second to look around at the clique of people talk , laugh , have a good time before he pull a newspaper out he coat pocket . Jake take a pen from the bar and open to the crossword section . jake ( v.o. ) and if you believe that money can do all that for you , you be the perfect mark . Jack kerouac say that if you own a rug , you own too much . I do not necessarily like kerouac and drive cross country be not exactly my idea of a good time , but the guy 's get a point ... Jake sit alone with he crossword puzzle . CUT to : int .- jake' apartment - later Jake enter a sparsely furnish loft . the skyline of Brooklyn twinkle through dirty , picturesque window . Jake drop he key on a table and hit a button on a answer machine . answering machine you have no new message . jake ( v.o. ) if you have get nothing , you have get nothing to lose . and when it come to money , find it and lose it , you always gotta remember how much of it 's just luck ... Jake stand he sparse little world , address the quiet before he fish for he wallet , which he can not find . lily ( V. o . ) oops . ( continued ) 12 . continued : the realization make Jake smile . then a flapping SOUND spin he around to see a pigeon , flap up against the inside of a partially open window . visibly upset by the bird , Jake move towards the window and push it wide , allow the bird to escape . jake Dumb fuck luck . Jake stare out the window after the bird . CUT t0 : int .- dolby's apartment - night a nicer apartment than Jake 's . lionel dolby , the Mark from the euclid rush around , haphazardly throw thing into a suitcase . there 's a knock on the door that stop lionel dead in he track . another knock . lionel still freeze . the door fly open with a boom . in the doorway , we see harlin , a older mountain of a man dress in a plain black suit . behind he be lupus ( late - 20 's ) , dress in a sweatsuit a pilot could spot from 20,000ft . lupus Mr. dolby . King would like a word with you . lionel r-r-right now ? lupus please . we have a car wait . I apologize for the door . CUT t0 : int . - jake' apartment - morning a ringing phone ... Jake stir on the futon oddly place on the floor in the middle of the room and pick up the phone . jake yeah . mile ( o.s. ) you better get over to Al 's . now . ( continued ) 13 . continued : mile hang up before Jake can answer . CUT to : int .- big al be - day Jake stand 's with mile in the sparse live room . Big ai 's body sit recline on a lazy Boy chair , eye bulg open . a open carton of food rest in he lap . a feast of take - out chinese surround he . the tv blare a old episode of " the Little rascal . " there 's a singe , neat bullet hole in he forehead . mile I be suppose to meet he for breakfast . he like that new IHOP they just open , you know ... he like to order that thing . the rutti-tutti - Fresh and fruity thing they get . jake mile ... mile sorry . I be just ... look what they do to he . right in the middle of he egg - foo-young . Big Al stare up at they with that bulg , vacant eye , he mouth hang open . Jake reach down and grab the remote control and turn the tv off . jake ( v.o. ) Big Al use to send money to he Father , some Vietnam vet slowly lose he mind in a VA hospital in Cleveland . Al be like that . that 's why Al never play the Inside . CUT to : int .- diner - day gordo enter and take a seat in the back booth with Jake and mile . gordo seem lionel dolby come down with a sudden case of drown last night . they just pull he out of the East River . jake well , this be just fuck great ... ( continued ) 14 . continued : gordo it get worse . now I know why he be such a good rope . X mean , cash .... that much and we never have to put he on the " send ? " turn out this ducking moe be a accountant for the King pin . gordo throw Jake a hard look , let the news sink in . Jake can only slump back into the booth . mile who 's that ? gordo the cash we fleece off of he be collection money . he be suppose to take that money and give it to the King earlier yesterday like he do every Thursday . ` cept this time , he figure he could make a little something for himself off we and still get the King 's money back before any body say " boo . " mile what 's a King pin ? gordo look to Jake , but can see that he 's still processing the information . gordo currently , the King pin be a very large - type pole stick up we ass . mtle mob? gordo independant . same shit , just independant . they call he the King pin because he look like that guy from the comic book ... big. fat. bald . mile so what ? we hide , right ? gordo ( shaking he head ) what be you ? New ? let I tell you how good this guy be . last night , Al call this bookie to settle up . apparently he 's be ducking he for like a month . so the guy ask he where he 's get all this money all of a sudden , right ? what do Al do ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : gordo ( cont would ) do he tell he that he cashed in a fuck bar mitzvah bond ? do he tell he he 's be give head out back for twenty buck a pop ? no ... he start go on about this job he just pull and how he fleece some Wall Street asshole - type ... how he fleece . mile you be piss we do not get credit ? gordo no , that be the only semi-fuck smart thing he say ! except anybody that 's ever meet Big A1 know that the only thing he 's comfortable do alone be eat . this guy tell this guy , that guy tell some other guy , eventually it work it 's way back to someone who work for the King and -- insert shot int - big al' apartment - night Big Al sit on the lazy Boy , about to take a big bite of egg foo young . he stop as the front door be kick open with a crash . gordo ( v.o. ) shazaam . Big Al 's eye grow huge as we hear a loud balm !!! back to the diner gordo ( coat ' d) Big Al get whacked mid-egg foo young . the whole thing take about two and a half hour . that 's how good he be . mile we sure Big Al throw he to we ? gordo come on ... all three of they turn they attention out the window . they watch the bustle of people walk past wonder if any one of they be look back . jake a bird fly into my house last night . gordo and mile exchange a look , unsure of how to respond . ( continued ) 16 . continued : jake ( cont would ) it 's bad luck . mile just a idea , but let 's just fuck split . we will meet up anywhere . akron or Austin or Atlanta . anywhere ... jake he will find we . we go talk to he . gordo whoa . what ? mile we be go to give he the money back ? jake you know what we be do with the money . gordo and what about Big Al ? jake leave he . someone 's go to find he eventually . then they will start look for we , too . a waitress approach . waitress what can I get you guy ? mile coffee . and a valium . Jake turn he attention out the window . CUT to : ext . - the euclid -- day a basement bar in a crummy neighborhood . there 's no sign , but everything about it say , " condemn . " jake ( v.o. ) the euclid be we place . CUT to : 17 . int .- the euclid - day Jake , mile and gordo sit at the bar of the run down water hole . Jake stand place neat stack of money into a fed - ex box . jake ( v.o. ) gordo fleece the deed off some idiot in a card game . we use it every now and then for a rag , but mostly it be we office . we power Point . gordo and mile start unload the same neat stack of money from they pocket . it 's not as much as Jake put in . jake that 's it ? mile / gordo bill .../ have that thing ... shake he head , Jake seal the fed -- ex box , then hand the form to mile and . pick up the phone . mile ( cont would ) do we want insurance ? ( off they look ) I be just ask ... jake just mail it to the hospital . ( dial ) Mr. King , please . it 's regard a accounting problem . yes ... correct ... I know where it be . that will be fine . thank you . Jake hang up the phone . gordo when ? jake tonight . just I . mile fuck that . we be go too . gordo alright , let 's all put we dick back in we pants for a second . be this the best thing to do ? Jake level a stare at gordo for a second . ( continued ) 18 . continued : jake meet I at my place later . mile how do you know the King 's go to let you walk ? jake I be get a ride . Jake pick up the phone and dial another number . CUT to : ext .- the bulldog gym - night a neon sign in the shape of a box glove tell you what kind of gym it be . a police car come to a stop in front . rottovich and sobozinski in the front seat . Jake get out of the back . sobozinski the King , huh ? Nice go . jake I try . rottovich do not dick around too long . and if he stab you or shoot you or cause any other form of profuse bleed , call a cab because you be not get back in this car ! Jake nod and approach the door where harlin and lupus stand vigil . lupus wear another loud sweatsuit . harlin we appreciate you punctuality . Mr. King be expect you . Jake take a step towards the door , but be push up against the wall by lupus who begin to roughly pat Jake down . harlin lupus ! lupus what ? you say pat he down , I be pattin ' he down . harlin shake he head and push lupus out of the way . ( continued ) 19 . continued : harlin it only take a moment to be polite . my apology , Mr. vig . if you would not mind ? Jake step back and raise he arm . jake you the one that do it ? you the one that get Al ? harlin Mr. King prefer to farm out for that kind of work . ( gesture to the door ) please , after you . harlin give the officer sobozinski and rottovich a slight nod of acknowledgment . CUT to : int .- bulldog gym - continuous harlin and lupus lead Jake through the cavernous gym . all around they , huge , sweaty , boxer work the speed bag , jump rope , spar , etc ... there 's not one that do not look like he 's spend some time in the State penal box League . jake ( a little nervous ) uh ... which one 's the King pin ? harlin he 's in the back take a steam . Jake nod and let 's out a silent sigh of relief . CUT to : int .- steam bath - continuous a huge room fill with steam . harlin and lupus stand by the door as Jake cautiously step in . new age music be be play -- could be yanni . sitting in a lounge chair , wear a white terry cloth robe be the king pin . his large body be less fat than just big , construct of circle and top off with the baldest head you have ever see . a manicurist sit next to the King pin work on he nail . ( continued ) 20 . continued : king pin ow ! watch the pinkie ! this be not so bad . Jake almost have to stifle a laugh . king pin ( cont would ) every time , you get the pinkie and I get a hang nail . ( to Jake ) you Jake ? Jake nod and the King motion for the manicurist to leave . king pin grifter huh ? where have you be on the grift ? could not be here long ' cause I would have hear of you , skippy . jake Jake . you can call I Jake . here and there . king pin here and there , scooter ? here and there like Boston , Chicago , Houston ? the bay area ? some action in London , `til it turn nickel and dime . or how about that little stint down in Miami ? Heard you actually get into some trouble with the fed down there . you guy 's pretty good ? jake I have a good crew . king pin minus one . Jake visibly bristle ... jake minus one . king pin you know , back in the day , graft be consider a gentleman 's racket . good suit , good food ... the underworld of the underworld . a grifter have to survive on he wit , he instinct ... I like that . I like the idea of that . this day , thing be what they be , guy like I gotta stay low . ( more ) ( continued ) 21 . continued : king pin ( cont ' d) it 's all take , take , take . you can ' t just be fuck witty about it . jake I guess it lack a certain style . king pin of course , you line of work 's only as good as the people you find . jake you can not cheat a honest man . king pin you can not cheat a honest man . but a man like lionel dolby ... jake I apologize for the inconvenience . the King pick up a long , metal nail file . king pin honest mistake . just give I the money back and all will be forgiven . jake I can not do that . king pin why not ? jake let I rephrase -- I will n`t do that . king pin let I repeat -- why not ? jake because you kill one of my crew . king pin buddy , that be business . besides , you have more crew . then there 's you ... jake I will get the money back , plus interest . I go on the grift for you . you get a cat , I get a cut . and we get square . king pin ( laugh ) Fucking grifter ! I love it ! you get ball , I will give you that much . ( continued ) 22 . continued : jake no. just confidence . the King pin stand up and move over to Jake . king pin I ' will be honest with you , kid . a grifter come in here with a fifteen hundred dollar D - k- fuck - n-y suit , cooler than a eskimo in winter and tell I he want to grift for I ? first thing I have to ask myself be , be he play for I or be he just plain play I ? you try it once . jake we get catch . so you know it will not happen again . with surprising speed , the King pin grab Jake by the neck . king pin I know it will not happen because you be go to feel like a prom Queen who just get gang fuck by the wrestle team ! a few pain choke from Jake as he knee buckle . harlin Mr. vig arrive with a escort . nypd . the King loosen he grip and let 's Jake fall . king pin grifter ... always work a angle . alright . I can see you get some vision . but I give you the Mark . I tell you the who and you give I the how . lupus go with he . lupus snap to attention . lupus what ? king pin consider he part of you crew . consider he a part of I . Jake begin to speak , but be silence with a look . king pin he go . now let I see you hand . ( continued ) 23 . continued : the King pick up the nail file again . jake why ? king pin you ask a lot of question . come on . ( motion with nail file ) let I see `em . Jake turn to find lupus and harlin on either side of he . they take he by the wrist and hold he hand up for the King . king pin ( cont ' d) I do not like to ask thing more than once , junior . I want you to know how much that irk I . the King begin to gently trace between Jake 's finger with the nail file . Jake remain rigid against lupus and harlin as the nail file scrape along the soft , fleshy webbing between he finger . Jake shut he eye ... then open they to find the King now gently stroking he hand -- almost a loving caress . king pin you have incredibly soft hand . good cuticle . they ' be like a baby 's hand . grifter with rough hand ... you know that they be probably not that good . means they have have to do some hard labor to make end meet . but you ... smooth ... supple . the King continue to stroke Jake 's hand with he own meaty paw . butch ( v.o. ) be you insinuate that the King pin be of a alternative lifestyle ? CUT to : ext . back alley - night ( present ) Jake shake he head slowly . jake I be not say anything . besides , you be one to talk . you be the one who 's get I on my knee in a dark alley . ( continued ) 24 . continued : butch and this cop ? what do they get ? CUT to : int . - squad car - night rottovich and sobozinski sit stake out in front of a small cigar / magazine store . jake ( v.o. ) just a tip . sobozinski what be we gonna do with this stuff anyway ? heroin ? what the hell do you do with heroin ? rottovich you sell it . sobozinski to who ? rottovich do not be a idiot . how hard do you think it be to sell one drug dealer 's drug to another drug dealer ? if vig 's right , we might be look at a hundred , maybe a hundred fifty grand ... sobozinski you think this be a good idea ? we never do this kinda shit before . rottovich what 's he go to do ? file a miss drug report ? if it work out , this guy might be good for a few more turn . a hood figure turn a corner onto the street , head for the cigar shop . he wear a knapsack sling over he shoulder . sobozinski hope so . that fuck orthodontist bill be kill I . one fifty every time they tighten that bitch up . one fifty ! it 's not even cover . rottovich it 's cosmetic . they do not cover cosmetic . ( continued ) 25 . continued : rottovich ( cont ' d) last year I have a tooth cap . the dentist tell I I be not cover for cap . it 's cosmetic . CUT to : int .- another car - same park across the street and well hide among the other park car ... special agent gunther moonan , a guy in he early 40' in the kind of suit you would find on a " 2 -- for - 1 " rack . he sit point a telescope microphone out the window , wear headphone . he chew on gum loudly . rottovich ( o.s. from headphone ) bullshit it 's cosmetic ! my fuck tooth be crack in half . I make the son of a bitch write it in as a cavity . the department 's dental be for shit . sobozinski ( o.s. from headphone ) whoa , whoa ... there he be . we hear the sound of car door open , then slamming shut . moonan put down the mic and hit " stop " on a microcassette recorder . moonan Confession of a poor brusher . moonan take a second to remove he gum , then check he tooth in the rearview mirror . CUT to : ext .- STREET / brooklyn - same rottovich and sobozinski walk quickly down the street . ahead of they , the hood figure approach , he hand bury in he pocket , a knapsack sling over he shoulder . as he get closer , we see that he 's just a kid of about ten or eleven . rottovich reach over and pull off the kid 's hood . sobozinski you know who we be ? kid the heat . ( continued ) 26 . continued : rottovich can not help smile . rottovich that 's right . we be the heat . ( yell ) stick ` em up ! the kid jump back startle and throw he hand up . the cop share a laugh . rottovich alright . put you hand dawn . what do you get in the bag ? kid something for my pop . rottovich I see . well , you pop have be make you carry around drug for he . we be go to have to take they . the kid hesitates for a second before hand the knapsack over . rottovich open it and pull out two brick of heroin , wrap in plastic . he nod to sobozinski . the kid stay roote right where he be , look up at the detective like a lose puppy . kid my pop be go to be mad . rottovich give the kid a twenty . sobozinski fish in he pocket start to peel off bill for the kid who then sprint away . sobozinski what 's the world come to ? everybody 's on the friggin ' take ... rottovich and sobozinski head off with the knapsack . CUT to : ext . - back - night ( present ) butch and Jake ... butch keeping the fix happy . ( continued ) 27 . continued : jake you never know when you can use a crooked cop . butch keep go . I want to know how you get lionel dolby . jake so you want to know how to play the Big con . butch in this case , you might say I want to know how not to play the Big con . butch shove the gun a little harder into Jake 's head . CUT to : int .- bar - night a trendy bar , dimly light and pack . we pan along the hip crowd and stop on Jake speak with a slick guy dress in black armani . jake ( v.o. ) first thing about be on the grift .... you be only as good as you Mark . the roper 's the guy who find they . Jake busy another round to the indifferent slick . jake ( v.o. ) they all have money one way or another . some of they come from money . the scene doesn't change --- slick morph into a fat TEXAS business man wear a ten-gallon hat . he do not smile . jake ( v.o. ) there 's that say -- show I a honest man and I will show you a natural bear liar . there 's always that little bit of bad no matter how much good . it 's that little itch on the back of you neck . you may not even know it 's there , but it be . the fat Texan morph into a wall STREET - type suit , who remain stoic as Jake reach over for another round of drink . ( continued ) 28 . continued : jake ( v.o. ) a good roper know how to scratch it -- you the outdoorsy - type ? " I be just fly fishing out in Montana " . you play the market ? " I just get a tip on a tech start - up ipo . " you see " the ' riverdance " twice ? " I have a roommate in college who be gay . " whatever ... Wall Street morph into a thin euro - trash man who take a drink from Jake without even a " thanks . " jake ( v.o . ) it mean that in fifteen minute we be on good term . thirty , I be you buddy . Euro - trash morph into a distinguished look older man as he take a sip . jake ( v.o. ) in a hour , I be you best friend . Jake punctuate some unheard point with a slap on he knee . jake ( v.o. ) give I a day and you will let I do you wife and daughter at the same time . it 's too late for you ... Jake look up as the older man morph into lionel dolby , the nervous mark from the earlier con . jake ( v.o. ) I have you confidence . close - up : dolby 's lip loosen in a wide smile . Jake smile back . he put he drink down , then take the drink from dolby . they remain talk as the background -- morph into : ext . - sidewalk - night under the light of a streetlamp , the two continue to talk . jake ( v.o. ) I tell you the " Tale " -- it 's the story of how we be go to make easy money . no one get hurt . and here 's the guy who 's go to help . that 's when you meet the insideman . ( continued ) 29 . continued : gordo approach , dress in a suit and look slightly anxious . introduction be make . jake ( v.o. ) the insideman 's the one with the know - how , the scoop , the angle . but maybe ' you ' be the suspicious type . so I give you the " convincer . " we both put up a little and we get a little back . just a taste . gordo pull a envelope out of he coat and give it to dolby . jake ( v.o. ) just enough that when I tell you we can make more off of it , you agree . Jake speak quickly to dolby who nod emphatically . he hand the envelope back to gordo . jake ( v.o . ) that`s when I put you on the " send . " you put in -a little , you get a little . put in a lot ... I " send " you out for mare . as much as you can get . CUT to : int . - jake' apartment - night Jake stand talking directly to camera , load a big , black revolver with bullet . jake do not matter what the con be . insider trading , a line we get on a bookie club , insurance scam , whatever ... you see the money and you want it . more of it . who care if you have to bend the rule a little ? as long as no one get hurt . Jake spin the gun cylinder then slap it close , point it straight at the camera . jake ( cont would ) then someone do ... blam !!! CUT to : 30 . int . - the euglid bar - night a flash of gordo 's stunne face before he chest explode in red . Jake stand hold the smoking gun . dolby look around in shock . jake ( turn ' to face camera ) frankie suit always say , that what you have to understand about any confidence game , be that it 's like put on a play where everyone know they part ... the roper , the insideman , the shill ... everyone except for the Mark . gordo lie in a pool of blood ... gordo ( while play dead ) I have be shot . oh . the humanity . Big Al sit cower at a table ... big al ( monotone ) god. no. please . do not kill I . mile casually wash glass ... mile ( indifferent ) you better hurry . the police will be here any second . ( break character ) I do not really understand my motivation with this . why be I wash glass ? jake ( still face camera ) now you be a accomplice in a homicide . everything you think you be in control of just fly out the window or be drip down you leg . dolby turn to Jake , eye wide , lip tremble in fear . jake ( turn to dolby ) you should be run out the door , desperate to forget this ever happen , ready to repent you greedy way ! ( continued ) 31 . continued : dolby eye the briefcase of money . dolby what about ... the money ? jake ( turn back to camera ) then there it be again ... that little itch . there 's a guy hold a smoking gun , a guy bleed all over the floor and still , all you can think about be the money . you twisted fuck . so we gotta give you the " blow-off " . we make sure that you never , ever want to look for we again . we get you off we back . forever . Jake stop for a second and listen ... he point over he shoulder and on cue a police siren wail in the distance . jake and that 's why you need the " fix " ... dolby bolt for the door without the money . CUT to : ext .- sidewalk - continuous dolby try to act casual as he walk away . CUT to : int . - the euclid bar - continuous rottovich and sabozinski enter the front door . jake ( v.o. ) the New York Police Department 's finest . half as smart and twice as crooked as the guy they just chase away . CUT to : ext - back alley - night ( present ) butch ease the gun off Jake 's head . butch so how would you get catch ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : jake suit use to say that in any con , sooner or later someone 's go to start ask the right question . usually , it take a little longer . CUT to : int .- jake' aparpment --night empty except for gordo , mile , Jake and lupus , dress in another of he trademark loud sweatsuit . jake we be work for the King . mile ( be : lupus ) wait a second ... who 's the mope ? lupus I be the King 's eye and ear . just in case you decide to get cute . mile so we gotta short con we way out of a hundred and fifty grand ? that could only take like , a year . jake no. Big con . one rag . one rag and we get out from under all this . but we need another shill . mile what do we need another shill for ? jake breast . CUT to : int . - wax -- night a crowded night ... lily , the attractive blonde from earlier , flirt with a well dress , older man who have he hand firmly plant on she ass . she squeeze he hand and give he a quick peck on the cheek before walk away . she take a look at the man 's wallet she just lift before put it in she bag . from out of nowhere , Jake bump into she . ( continued ) 33 . continued : jake ( not so innocently ) oops . Jake take she by the arm out to ... CUT to : ext .- alley / outside bar - night Jake push lily through the back door where she find gordo , mile and lupus wait . her once flirtatious demeanor be replace by something harder . lily what be this ? you guy cop or something ? jake we be not cop . gordo you gotta be kid I . her ? jake yes , she . where 's my wallet ? lily you what ? Jake take she bag and dump the content on the floor -- a few wallet , a watch , even a wedding ring . Jake pick up one of the wallet fill with cash . lily ( cont would ) that 's not -- jake ( pockete the wallet ) you interested in a little work ? lily scoops up she bag and find a cigarette , eyeing they all suspiciously . lily sorry about you wallet , but if you think I be go to suck dick over thirty seven dollar , a wax out Visa and a bad fake i.d. , you be fuck crazy . ( lighting the cigarette ) Jake . 34 . jake take a deep breath and count to ten . it 's not that kind of work . you be lily , right ? lily say who ? jake you be work daffy 's block . he be go to break you kneecap . pick - pocket can be so bitchy sometimes . I tell he you be with we , so that 's two you owe I . lily take a second to look the guy over . mile give she a wink . lily slowly raise she middle finger at he . jake we have work . it pay a lot . unless you figure on get rich lift wallet while old guy feel you up . lily oooh. sassy . what do you care who feel I up , Jake ? unless it kinda gotcha go . do it , Jake ? getcha go ? lily saunter to Jake with a seductive grin . Jake may be aware that he 's stop breathe . she put she hand on Jake 's chest and lean in a half inch more , she lip a eyelash away from he . she whisper ... lily ( cont ' d) keep the wallet . we be even . take a deep breath ... Count to ten ... and go fuck yourself . lily push past Jake and head out of the alley . mile be it just I or be there something really hot about a girl tell you to go fuck yourself ? gordo give Jake a nod of approval and Jake take off after lily . CUT to : 35 . ext .- CITY sidewalk - night lily down the street , Jake give chase . jake alright ! hold up . you win . you get the job . lily gee thanks . now I do not have to find that bridge to jump off . Jake catch up and block lily 's way . jake we have to see what you deal be . I be just a little superstitious . lily here 's my deal -- do not waste my time . what do you want I for anyway ? you do not even know I . jake I just have a good feel about you . have not you ever have someone say they have a good feel about you before ? lily study Jake 's face for any hint of sarcasm . none. lily no. ( beat ) what 's my cut ? jake you get a equal cut . lily what do I have to do ? jake just play a part . a little act . lily step back and hail a cab . lily make a wish . she point to a large digital clock hang in a store window read " 11:11 p " . lily eleven -eleven . if you be superstitious , make a wish . ( continued ) 36 . continued : lily hop into the cab and toss Jake 's new wallet onto the sidewalk . lily ( cont would ) that 's twice . the cab pull away . Jake look up at the clock - - " 11:12p " . CUT to : ext . - back alley - night ( present ) butch smile ... butch I can see why you like she . jake that be it . we have we crew . now we need the Mark . CUT to : int .- the euclid - day Jake stand in front of the crew : mile , gordo , lily and lupus . jake Morgan gillette . gordo and mile both do they best to contain they disbelief . mile why ? jake because that 's who the King fin want we to fleece . and gillette 's perfect ... CUT to : int .- CITY bank of manhattan / boardroom--day a circle of business men sit at a conference table . jake ( v.o. ) his grandfather use to run liquor during prohibition and he father make a bundle in illegal import and export . that make he a third generation crook . ( continued ) 37 . continued : jake ( cont ' d) he 's be tie into pretty much everything ; drug , mob , money rinsing ... we pan around the table of business men and settle on morgan gillette , a man in he early fifty with the sharp , angular feature of a reptile . we stay with Morgan as the meeting break and everyone head for the door and into ... CUT to : int . - CITY bank of manhattan / hallway-day gillette be greet by a handful of suit . butch be with they , stay in the periphery . jake ( v.o. ) there 's a story go around that he help fund the contras back in the eighty . gillette and he crew head through a large glass revolve door to ... CUT to : ext .- CITY bank of manhattan - day a busy mid-day New York sidewalk . gillette head towards a wait town car . jake most of he money 's clean . a lot of it be not . the best part be that we know exactly where it be . as gillette and he crew disappear into the car , we pan up to see the front of the building which have a large sign read , " City Bank of Manhattan ; a gillette family company . " CUT to : int .- the euclid -- resuming Jake look over the crew , who be less than convinced . gordo how much we go after ? jake two million . mile let out a whistle . ( continued ) 38 . continued : gordo we only owe the King a hundred and fifty . jake we get fifty percent . and we get clear of the King . Jake look over at lupus for confirmation . lupus that 's worth it right there . you ask I , I do not think you can do it . mile I be with Jack lalane . that guy 's untouchable . jake that 's why we do not go after he directly . CUT to : int .- CITY bank of manhattan / lobby empty . the marble floor spotless , the dark oak teller window vacant , a row of desk . jake ( v.o. ) we find a doable guy in gillette 's bank ... someone about mid-level . not too high , not too low . a lone man , grant ashby , materialize behind a desk on the empty floor and sit behind a computer terminal . jake ( v.o. ) we meet he with corporate papers , inquire about a corporate loan for start up capital . the corporate papers be in order , but we need thing to happen fast . we guy fudge number in the right place , move we papers to the top of the pile or to the bottom , depend upon what we need . gordo ( v.o. ) how 's that ? he work for gillette . jake ( v.o. ) we pay better . ( continued ) 39 . continued : a envelope stuff with cash materialize on the desk next to ashby . CUT to : ext . -- caymen island --day Crystal clear water gently roll onto a white beach . jake ( v.o. ) we guy get we approve for the start up capital . but , the money can not be transfer to any one person . on the give day , the money 's wire into a corporate account in a off -shore bank . CUT to : int .- grand caymen' bank - day another empty bank ... a lone teller materialize behind the counter . jake ( v.o. ) that same day , I show up in the caymen with the proper i.d. and corporate papers to make a withdrawal . Jake materialize on the empty bank floor , walk confidently up to the teller with a silver briefcase in hand . mile5 ( v.o. ) uh ... jake ( v.o. ) what ? mile5 ( v.o. ) I be just think out loud here , but ... two million in a briefcase ? jake ( v.o. ) good point . Jake approach the teller , now wheeling a black suitcase behind he by the handle . Jake present the teller with a series of papers and a photo i.d. jake ( v.o. ) it 's bank policy not to release this money in cash because it 's under a corporate account . ( continued ) 40 . continued : the teller turn to a computer printer and remove a check . Jake sign a few document and place the check into he pocket . CUT to : ext .- caymen island / STREET --day line with shop and store , but it 's as empty as the bank . not even a car : Jake stride out of the Grand caymen 's Bank and walk across the street to another building with a sign read " bank of the grand caymen . " CUT to : int .- bank of the grand caymen - day again , empty ... Jake stride in and approach the desert teller counter . another teller materialize and greet he with a smile . jake ( v.o. ) so we cash the check at another bank . Jake slide the suitcase and the check over to the teller . CUT to : int .- JFK airport / terminal hallway - day like the bank , empty . Jake walk with the suitcase down the flourescent light hall towards a series of table under a sign mark " custom . " jake ( v.o. ) now , this be the most important part -- you can not just walk into the United States with a suitcase full of cash without evoke the word " cavity search " . as we get closer to the custom 's desk , a custom officer wear a white short sleeve shirt and a badge materialize behind it . jake ( v.o. ) that 's why you need someone on the inside at custom . Jake approach and slide the suitcase towards he . the Officer slide it back to Jake , revealing another envelope stuff with cash under it . ( continued ) 41 . continued : the Officer literally look the other way as he pocket the envelope and wave Jake through the gate . CUT to : ext .- JFK airport - day Jake exit the terminal . outside , the street be empty , not a traveler , a airline rep , a luggage handler or a cab . Jake wait at a empty cross walk until the " walk " signal be give . jake ( v.o. ) then we disappear . as he walk away , we see some people materialize carry luggage ... then a few car ... then a airline rep ... gradually more and more people and car , each materializing into a normal scene at the airport until we lose Jake in the crowd . CUT to : int .- the euclid - resuming Jake stop and gauge the crew for they reaction , which be the same all the way around -- slack jaw disbelief . mile ( break the silence ) this might just be I , but that be hand down , the dumbest fuck idea I have ever hear . gordo people have try this before , Jake . it 's never work . teddy Fraiser and he crew go on vacation in Chicago for it . last year , mump get pinch in L.A. jake it never work before because a , they do not flush the bank enough ; B , they corporate papers be for shit ; C , they do not have someone on the inside with custom . mile yeah , or D , it 's a dumb fuck idea ... jake then what do you want to do , mile ? run ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : mile we never have a problem with that before . jake yeah , well we never have this kind of problem before . mile what be you talk about ? yes we have . and we would have be beautiful about it . we would have have a bucket of chicken deliver to the King with a nice kiss my ass card attach to it . then we woulda move on `til the next local putz catch on . jake we be get a little old for run . mile yeah , well we be still a little young for albany State prison . be you piss about Al ? I be piss too , but I ' m not like " twenty - five to life " piss . jake I be get clear of this . if you be not go to do it for the fuck principle , do it for the money . gordo ? gordo yeah ... whatever , Jake . jake no , not " whatever . " you be either in or you ' be out . a silence fall over everyone . lily I be in . her eye stay on Jake as a smile grow across she face . CUT to : ext .- pay phone - day Jake dial a number ... jake ( v.o. ) I agree with mile . it be , hand down , a dumb fuck idea . ( continued ) 43 . continued : jake ( v.o. ) but they buy it . now I have to deliver and I need help . jake ( into phone ) yeah , it 's Jake . how would that tip work out ? CUT to : ext . back alley - night ( present ) butch take out a cigarette . butch but there be other factor . jake factor that be not clear to I until now . CUT to : int . - 16th precint / office - day a office of empty chair and desk . through the window we can see the hustle and bustle of the precinct . special agent gunther moonan , still dress in the same shitty suit , sit behind a desk as rottovich and sobozinski enter . moonan gentlemen ? special agent gunther moonan . moonan quickly flash a badge and he best kodak smile . rottovich special agent ? moonan you be Officer Richard rottovich . and this would be Officer walter sobozinski . I be look for Jake vig . sobozinski who ? moonan I have be look for this Jake vig for some time now . Problem be , the guy 's the invisible man . a spook , a spectre , a ghost . then , like a gift , Jake 's good buddy and member of he crew , alfonse moorely , be find the other day with a hole in he head . ( continued ) 44 . continued : moonan hold up crime scene photo of Big Al 's body . moonan ( cont would ) preliminary forensics suggest he be . sitting there , bloat and purple in he egg foo young for at least seventy two hour . alfonse be not a small man and there be a lot of food order , so you can imagine the smell . bad for the neighbor , good for I because in all the time I have be look for Jake , this be only the second time I have even get a whiff of he . rottovich look special agent moonan ... we do not know what you be talk about . moonan take out a microcassette recorder and hit play . rottovich ( v.o. from tape ) do not be a idiot . how hard do you think it be to sell one drug dealer 's drug to another drug dealer ? if vig 's right , we might be look at a hundred , maybe a hundred fifty grand . click . moonan kill the recorder . moonan oh yeah , I almost forget . the two serious look gentleman outside ? Internal affair . the officer look out the window to see two serious looking men in suit . moonan do you want to know the first time I have a line on vig ? he send I a birthday card . ( off they silence ) belate , but it 's the think , right ? oh , this prick 's get a sense of humor . but , then again you guy probably know he better than I do . in fact , I have only meet the guy once . but now , now I have you . the next best thing . his partner . his " fix . " sobozinski what do you want ? ( continued ) 45 . continued : moonan you help I catch he . whatever he 's into next , I want you to be into . and what you be into , I be into . if it all go well , that two guy from iad will never have to hear this tape . I will clear you guy of anything you have ever do with vig under the guise of some cross - departmental investigation . this prick 's be on the wish list for so long , you will probably get gold shield out of it . sobozinski what do you get out of it ? moonan peace of mind . sobozinski that 's it ? moonan not everyone 's on the take , walter . rottovich if you fed be so hot for he , why do not we just bring he in right now ? moonan I want he for something big and to do that , we have to catch he in the act . sobozinski this guy must have be a real pain in you dick . moonan literally . it 's not a bad deal , gentleman . I get peace of mind . you get detective sheild . but this be the best part , walter ... walter , you daughter will get to keep she brace and have that win smile . capice ? rottovich and sobozinski remain silent . moonan good . one more thing ... you gotta give up the booty . I can not have you guy run around with heroin . freeze frame on moonan' smiling face . ( continued ) 46 . continued : jake ( v.o. ) let I tell you something about moonan ... CUT to : ext . - back alley - night ( present ) a serious look come across Jake 's face -- hate . butch ease back with the gun for a second . jake he 's just as crooked as the next guy . you would think he would have more important thing to do with tax payer dollar . butch cue the fuck violin . come on ... it 's get cold . CUT to : int . - the kiev diner - day gordo , mile , Jake and lily next to he , all cramme into a booth . mile be I the only one who feel like we can not make a move with this guy on we ? lily we should ditch he . jake just watch every thing you say around he . every word , every move ... it all go back to the King pin . lupus exit the restroom , head back towards the booth . gordo how 's the hoop , superstar ? clean ? lupus what be it with you and bathroom ? mile he do not like use a bathroom unless he know it 's clean . lily manly . ( continued ) 47 . continued : gordo you laugh now , but wait until you need a clean place to powder . this be New York city , sister . Public sanitation do not run very high on the city hall agenda . you know what you can get off a toilet or doorknob ? let 's do the list ... hepatitis , influenza , the flesh eat disease - jake here 's what 's go to happen . gordo , we need to find a guy in gillette 's bank . mile , we need papers , corporate , insurance ... mile be it all fugasi ? jake no , the corporate papers have to be legit . but you gotta score a i.d. a clean one . talk to suit . I gotta get we a banker . lily what about custom ? jake I will worry about custom . lily hey , I ' m not just along for the ride , so I do not want to hear any bullshit later about a smaller cut . jake take a deep breath . you sound like you just break up with you boyfriend or something . Jake roll he eye as lily glare at he . CUT to : int .- bulldog gym - day boxer at the bag , a jump rope , etc ... Jake and lily stand in front of the King pin , who 's dress in short and a t-shirt . he wear box glove and headgear . lupus and harlin stand vigil by the sparring ring . king pin how much ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : jake I think two million . king pin what do you need from I ? permission ? go ! if you can fleece he for two million , then do it , kid . jake I need you to stake I . king pin stake you ? jake I need you to stake I . I can not do it without it . it 's just a couple hundred grand . taken out of we cut when we be do . King pin eye Jake suspiciously for a second . king pin that 's more than you already owe I . what happen if you fuck this up ? jake nothing venture , nothing gain . king pin hey skippy ? do I have the word " chump " tattooe on my forehead ? lily Mr . King , I think --- jake ( with / a look ) hey , I get it ! take some mental note . you just might learn something here . lily just shrug and roll she eye . king pin listen , scooter - -- jake no , you listen . we be partner now and even though I be run the show for you , I be still run the show . that mean I get a little respect . so I do not want to hear anymore of this scooter , buddy , junior , skippy , Tiger , bullshit . it 's jake. ( beat ) ( continued ) 49 . continued : jake and I gotta tell you , for a guy who spend all he time in a gym , you could be in better shape . a few of the boxer training around stop and turn . the King pin lower a glare at Jake . king pin take off you shirt . Jake look behind he to see harlin loom . jake Excuse I ? king pin I say take off you fuck shirt . a few more boxer stop and turn . Jake notice he 's be watch . the King pin take a step towards Jake ... jake Fine . you want I to take it off , I will take it off . Jake unbutton he shirt and stand in front of the King pin , arm cross . it 's get weird . king pin look at you , you skinny prick . jake you be not go to bust out baby oil and start rub I down or anything , be you ? the King smile and begin to take off he shirt . harlin and lupus share a uncomfortable glance . the King strip down to the waist and reveal a incredibly large , incredibly round stomach which he slap loudly . king pin come here . feel this . jake no thanks . I be good . king pin come here ! the King grab Jake 's hand and put it on he stomach . it just get weirder . now the whole gym have stop , everyone focus on Jake and the King pin . ( continued ) 50 . continued : lily you guy be freaking I out . king pin shut up . feel that ? that 's solid muscle . not a ounce of fat . go ahead . punch it . jake I be not go -- the King start to get that look again . Jake wind up and punch the King in the stomach . he shake he fist in pain . king pin come on . harder . jake I think I just break my hand . king pin harder . remember , I kill you buddy . Jake 's demeanor change as he wind up and hit the King as hard as he can . the King just smile . king pin ( cont would ) all muscle . the King then hit Jake back in the gut with surprising speed . Jake fall to he knee , but the King 's right there . with one arm he pull Jake up and start to pummel he in the stomach with a unbridle visciousness . Jake spit up blood as the King hurl he face first into the ring . king pin maybe it 's true . maybe you can not cheat a honest man . I ? I be about as dishonest as they come and that 's the truth . but if you even think about try to con I they will find fuck piece of you in each of the five borough . piece of you , piece of she , piece of you whole crew . can not be any mare honest than that . I will stake you , but that 's three hundred fifty you be in the hole and consider the juice run . now go make I proud . harlin and lupus lift Jake up . lily look at Jake with a pain expression . ( continued ) 51 . continued : jake you get all that ? everyone in the gym go back to they workout . CUT to : ext . - back alley ( present ) butch let out a easy laugh . butch Nice . jake we get we stake . now we need to find we guy in gillett 's bank . CUT to : ext . - CITY bank of new york day a flood of people exit the bank at the end of the day . Jake , lupus , lily , mile and gordo wait by the side of the building . mile read off a piece of paper . jake ( v.o. ) what you be look for in a mark be someone who 's weakness you can exploit . mile Michelle strigo . loan officer . mile point out a woman crisply dress in a suit , michelle strigo . they follow she down the street . jake ( v.o. ) guy like I , with people like that ... I will tell you what you be look for without even meeting you . it 's like a personal ad you wear over you head . Jake watch as she hail a cab . a man , also hail a cab go for the same one . Michelle get into a scream match with the man . freeze frame on michelle --- a cgi sign appear over she head " single , volatile , confrontational woman seek " man " for economic security and house chore . " jake no. CUT to : 52 . ext . - CITY bank of new york - next day a flood of people exit the bank at the end of the day . Jake , lupus , lily , mile and gordo wait by the side of the building . mile jay houlser . vp International finance . mile point out a jay housler , a young guy in suit . they follow he ... CUT to : int .- trendy restaurant - night Jake and the other watch jay stand around the bar silently scoping the place with a group of young tuck ( dress oddly alike ) . freeze , frame on group -- a cgi sign appear over they head : " young wall streeter seek acknowledgement of monetary earning potential from supermodel - type age 20 - 25 . " jake no. CUT to : ext . - CITY bank of new york - next day the same flood of people exit the bank ... Jake , lupus , lily , mile and gordo wait by the side of the building . mile Alice tanner . Finance director . mile point out alice tanner , a mousy look woman in a bad skirt . she get to the intersection and wait for the light to change , even as horde of other jaywalk the way New yorker do . freeze frame on alice -- a cgi sign appear : " single woman look for opportunity . Plays by the rule and willing to claw she way up to middle management . " jake no. CUT to : 53 . ext . - CITY bank of new york - next day again the flood of people . again Jake , lupus , lily , mile and gordo wait . mile grant ashby . vp of corporate loan . mile point out a grant ashby , a schlubish middle age bald guy walk down the street . they follow . CUT to : int .- the bull and the bear pub - night Dark oak and brass , the bar play host to legion of suited urban professional gather in clique . Jake and the other watch as ashby make he way through the crowd , take a seat alone at the bar . freeze frame on ashby -- a cgi sign appear over he head : " single male seek end to safety of tedious and solitary lifestyle . Moral and ethical constitution flexible . " jake ( v.o. ) what you be look for in a mark be someone who 's get nothing to lose . no friend , no family , no life . you be look for a guy who do not own a rug . Jake watch as ashby order a drink and pull a newspaper from he coat . he open it to the crossword -- just like Jake would . jake him. mile you sure ? Jake watch ashby do the crossword puzzle alone . jake I ' m sure . CUT to : int .- garment district / warehouse - day Jake , mile , gordo , lily and lupus enter a warehouse housing rack of clothes . ( continued ) 54 . continued : jake now we have the con and the mark . we need to look the part ... they be greet by frankie suit , a ancient rake - thin man , perfectly coiff and exceptionally dress . jake ( v.o. ) frankie suit be a legend in certain circle . he. be on the grift since he be ten . frankie last of the red hot grifter . suit grab Jake with a hug . it 's a heartfelt one . the other exchange greeting with suit who move over to lupus and study he loud sweatsuit . jake ( v.o. ) back in the day , suit make money run fight store and the wire with a fix so tight it be like a legit business . I never understand what the point be if grift become like a regular job . jake we need wardrobe . frankie ( be : lupus ) so I see . in from Long Island ? you fella take a look around . gordo hey suit ? you get anything in like a eleven or twelve ounce Super 100 worst ? mile give he a look like he 's speak latin . Jake and lily follow suit into ... CUT to : int .- suit ' office - day a spare little office pile high with clothes . suit reach into a desk drawer and pull out a large envelope and slide it to Jake . ( continued ) 55 . continued : suit corporate papers with the New York State seal , insurance document with a proof of bond and some fugasi financial record . there 's also the i.d. you ask for . corporate papers with the New York State seal , insurance document with a proof of bond and some fugasi financial record . there 's also the i.d. you ask for . Jake take out the papers and give they the once over . he then put a envelope thick with cash on the desk . jake ace , suit . suit not easy pickin' . paper like this speak to larger issue . sorry about alfonse . ( off Jake 's nod ) you into something big ? jake pretty much . suit in over you head ? jake pretty much . suit eye lily . suit can I speak to you in confidence ? jake huh ? oh . she 's alright . suit give lily another suspicious look . suit try and keep up ... you ask for the advantage goods , then you guy come in look to be bean traps . so I gotta think you be either work the mace or play the jug mob . jake a little bit of both . lily watch in utter confusion . suit hey , I be on the ramp all my life , so I get no problem with the way you help yourself , Jake . ( continued ) 56 . continued : suit ( cont would ) I see you go up from the knecker , work that grind , learn the barnard 's Law and I think , " the kid 's a prodigy . ' " but I know that if you be use this goods ... so then I figure , what 's worth that ? you be either look for a little history or a retirement fund . who 's the Mark ? jake can not say . suit then who 's the banker ? jake the King . a dead look come over suit . suit the King ? Jake , you play the heavy racket like that ... they put the lug on for nothing at all . jake I can handle it . suit I do not doubt you talent . you look for that place in the hall of fame ? jake it 's not history . suit so what do you want ? jake I want to get out from under all this for good . and I want to fuck they all do it . suit then I gotta say , in my opinion , you can not get what you want . Jake consider that word for a moment . jake yes I can . suit guage the seriousness in Jake 's face and nod . the he gently rest he hand on the papers . ( continued ) 57 . continued : suit still time . jake can not do it suit . I can not lay down for this one . suit okay . here 's the thing ... you fall flat , you might not get anything short of stiffe . then it 's Blue River land for everybody . paper like this be dangerous because papers tend to multiply , then they start to take shape . usually it 's the shape of a arrow . I hate to do it , but after this , I gotta give you the blowoff . we Jake , Jake ? suit hold out he hand . Jake take it . jake we be Jake . they shake , know it will be the last time . CUT to : int .- garment district / warehouse - continuous we follow lily and Jake out of suit 's office . lily can see that it 's throw Jake a bit . lily what the hell 's he problem ? jake do not worry about it . lily it 's just that I leave my asshole decoder ring at home , so how do I know not to worry ? Jake stop and turn to she , look she up and down . jake you need to get a haircut . lily what ? jake and some new clothes . lily why ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : jake we be go to rope this banker tomorrow and you gotta at least look classy , if not be classy . you gotta do this thing and I do not even know if you can . lily you be just go to have to trust I . jake I do not trust anyone . lily then show I how . CUT to : int . - tiffany be - night Jake and lily enter the store . Jake take a quick moment to case the place -- a few scattered customer , some be help by salespeople . all the customer look like the uppercrust crowd you would expect at Tiffany 's . jake ( to himself ) oh yeah . this be good . this will do nicely . ( to lily ) this be about confidence . you confidence and they confidence . you get they confidence by give they yours . Jake leave lily by the front counter as he start a slow turn around the store . he casually pretend to be browsing as he move next to mr . lewis , a older , distinguished look gentleman , be help by a salegirl , who be scribbling on a order form . salesgirl let I read this back . one silver cattier watch , engrave -- " to carolyn , the Attorney at Law . happy graduation , counselor . Love Mom and dad . " mr. lewis right . salesgirl one bracelet , engrave " to Abby . happy 25th anniversary , Love Tom . " ( continued ) 59 . continued : mr. lewis perfect . salesgirl I ' will just go put this in , Mr. Lewis . the salesgirl take the order form and walk away . a change come over Jake . it 's subtle -- posture , facial expression , a slight tug of a accent -- but it 's there . jake Mr. Lewis ? Mr. Lewis turn and look at Jake . there 's no real hint of recognition , but Jake 's smile up at he like a old friend . jake it be you . hello ! Jake extend he hand . mr. lewis sorry , I -- jake Jake . Jake pearson . I go to lawschool with you daughter . carolyn . we meet once or twice . Mr. Lewis seem to search for second , then extend he hand more in a effort not to appear rude . mr. lewis of course . Jake . Nice to see you . jake well , it certainly be a coincidence . here of all place ! how be Mrs. Lewis ? mr. lewis great . thank you . the salesgirl return . jake Excuse I ? I believe you be hold something far I under pearson . salesgirl do you have a ticket ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : jake you know , this be kind of embarass , but my wallet be steal yesterday and I be afraid the ticket be in it . but the name 's pearson . mr. lewis while you be back there , could you make sure that carolyn be spell with a " y " ? the salesgirl nod and disappear again . mr. lewis ( cont would ) what bring you down from Boston , Jake ? take advantage of the long weekend ? jake my wife and I be just take a little vacation . behind he back , Jake discreetly wave lily over . mr. lewt carolyn 's down this weekend too . lily approach . when she do , Jake pull she close and give she a loving kiss on the lip . it throw lily for a second . lily uh ... everything okay ? jake honey , this be Mr. Lewis . carolyn Lewis 's father . Mr. Lewis , this be my wife , lily . lily and Mr. Lewis exchange handshake . jake I be sorry , honey . I be almost do . Jake tap lily on the back with the hand wrap around she waist . lily it 's okay . I will be look for earring . Jake give lily another kiss before she leave . mr. lewis attractive girl . ( continued ) 61 . continued : jake thank you . actually , it 's we first anniversary this weekend . she think I be here to pick up something for my mother , but it 's actually a gift for she . think I have fool she ? mr. lewis take it from I , you never do . but congratulation . Nice to be marry , be not it ? jake very much so . Jake smile ear to ear , like the happy newlyw he 's pretend to be . the salesgirl return . salesgirl we have carolyn with a " y " . I be sorry , there 's nothing under pearson . if we have a invoice number -- Jake 's smile dissolves as he grow a little anxious . jake I tell you . my wallet be steal . please ... check again . Jake take a nervous look over at lily , who be drying on earring with another salesperson . mr. lewis good luck . congratulation again . he and Jake shake hand . jake thank you , sir . you know , I hope this be not too much of a inconvenience , but if carolyn be come down for the weekend , perhaps I could give you something for she ? it 's a check . we split the cost on a few book and I have not have the chance to pay she back yet . could you ..? mr. lewis sure . Jake pull out a checkbook and pen . jake ( write ) that would be a great help . ( continued ) 62 . continued : the salesgirl return . salesgirl I be sorry . nothing under pearson . jake you be sure ? this be ... just a complete disaster . salesgirl what be it ? Jake quickley scan the jewelry in the glass case . jake a ring for my wife . alot like that one . in fact , it be that one . salesgirl that 's no problem . we have that in stock . jake thank you . sorry , I be just a little anxious to give it to she . you take out of state check ? salesgirl with identification . Jake stop write on the check and lock up . jake I understand that , but I have my wallet steal last night . be there any way ..? salesgirl I be sorry . Jake 's anxious look come back . jake I know it 's policy , but ... ( look over at lily ) the thing be ... it 's we first anniversary and we be only in town for the weekend . it 's a very , very special night for my wife and I . this ring be my gift to she and I think she 's go to really love it . I can give you phone number to call for people who will vouch . I can send you i.d. later ... ( continued ) 63 . continued : salesgirl ( sympathetic ) I be sorry . jake ( clear he throat ) this be embarrassing . mr. lewis Jake ? Jake look up and rip the check out from he book . jake I be sorry , sir . thank you very much for do this . and please tell carolyn hello for I . Jake seem to be lose . Mr. Lewis look over at lily , who give he a friendly smile , then back to Jake . mr. lewis why do not you let I put the ring on the card and you can write I a check in return ? unseen to Mr. Lewis , one corner of Jake 's lip go up in a grin . CUT to : ext .- tiffany's / sidewalk -- night Jake and lily exit the store . Jake hand lily the trademark color box . jake happy anniversary . lily take the box and shake she head , impressed . Jake look up to see Mr. Lewis watch they as he try to hail a cab . Jake 's demeanor quickly change as he put on a big smile . jake smile . you just get a present from the man of you dream . lily put on a big smile while open the box . jake now we gotta give he a strong finish . ( continued ) 64 . continued : Jake pull lily closer and look into she eye . she lean in and they kiss -- a deep , slow kiss that make people have to walk around they . Mr. Lewis see they and smile to himself as he get into a cab . Jake and lily be still kissing as the cab pull away . lily finally break the kiss --- slowly . lily he 's go . jake uh-huh . lily I gotta go get a haircut . jake uh-huh . Jake watch as lily walk away . she look back at Jake once before disappear around a corner . CUT to : int .- sixteenth precint - day moonan sit on a desk , ear to a phone . jake ( v.o. ) it be all in play . everything ... moonan it 's moonan ... I be in New York . listen , I get vig . he 's here and I be this close ... look , I understand that , but I be tell you this time ... obsessive be a big word to use ... goddamn it , Lou ! I be tell you , this be it . yeah ... I figure you would feel that way . so here 's the deal ... call kylie over at the Bureau . tell he I get something that might interest he . a guy they call the King pin . I think there may be a corruption case brewing here , too ... that 's right . so even if I do not get vig , you will still have something to show . rottovich and sobozinski enter . ( continued ) 65 . continued : moonan ( cont ' d ) good ... I gotta go . ( hang up ) so , what do you have for I ? sobozinski whaddya mean ? we get dick . moonan you guy 's be not work with I here . I just get off the phone with my boss . after he get do rip I a new lincoln tunnel size asshole , he let I know exactly how little I be welcome back if we come up short . and now here you guy be , wasting my fucking time ! moonan kick a chair across the floor . rottovich like we tell you before , we think he 's into something with the King pin--- moonan ( compose himself ) look , I be not a confrontational person by nature . moonan walk over to the fall chair and pick it up . moonan I need answer and the only two thing you have give I be jack and shit . you gotta do better . you gotta do better or I swear on my sweet dead grandmother 's grave , I be gonna make you guy a I - a-fuck - D cautionary tale . moonan kick the chair down again , send rottovich and sobozinski back a few step . CUT to : ext . - back alley - night ( present ) butch take out two cigarettes and light both , stick one in Jake 's mouth . jake thanks . do you know you should not light three cigarettes with a match ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : jake ( cont ' d) back in wwi or WWII , one of the ww ' 's , if you take the time to light three cigarettes with one match , some Nazi would be able to figure out where you be . then , well ... it be the last cigarette you and you two buddy ever have . so three on a match be bad luck . butch you be a superstitious fucker . jake luck 's a funny thing . especially the bad . butch like what ? jake have a gun point at you for one . it 's not like break a mirror bad luck , but it 's bad . Three on a match , black cat ... believe it . believe it all . CUT to : int .- jake' apartment - night mile , Jake , lupus and gordo sit around in silence . they be all dress in new suit . jake ( v.o. ) ( overlap below ) but if you wanna talk about bad luck ... mile where the hell be she ? just then , a knock on the door . Jake open the door to reveal lily , dress in a expensive business suit and sport a sophisticated cut of new red hair jake ( v.o. ) redhead . jake fuck ! gordo , lupus and mile look up at lily . gordo oh shit . ( continued ) 67 . continued : lily stand at the door watch Jake freak out in disbelief . freeze frame on lily and she new red hair . jake ( v.o. ) top three all - time worst red-head ... insert shot - a red head woman enter dark bedroom , carry a axe ... jake ( v.o. ) lizzie borden ... axe murder . insert shot - a dinner table for twelve men dress in flow robe . a red head man lean over to whisper in the ear of a important look guy in the middle ... jake ( v.o. ) juda ... betrayer . insert shot - a red head woman , middle - age with a bad haircut from the 70' carry a suitcase lean down and tearfully kiss a SMALL boy on the cheek . jake ( v.o. ) shirley vig ... abandoner . back to freeze frame of lily the action resume ... lily Nice to see you too . why be you get so bent ? she take a step into the apartment . jake you just put a mother of a jinx on we . lily lighten up . jake ( v.o. ) but the fuck Grand poo - bah of all jinx ? a bird in you house ... lily take she jacket off revealing a delicate blouse , decorate with a design of flower and a bird . freeze frame on lily bird blouse . CUT to : 68 . ( flashback ) int .- jake' apartment - night it 's the scene earlier , when Jake find a bird rapping at he window to get out . jake ( v.o. ) a bird enter you house ... CUT to : ( flashback ) int .- big al' apartment Big Al 's bulg , vacant eye stare straight at we , he mouth hang open . jake ( v.o. ) it mean death . back to freeze frame on lily bird blouse . the action resume ... jake you have no idea what you have do do you ? no idea ! what be this ? Jake point to she hair . lily you tell I to change my hair ! jake ( be : the shirt ) what about this ? do you have any idea what this mean ? you have kill we . we be dead ! lily do I miss something ? gordo the red hair ... it 's bad luck . mile it 's not like she 's a real redhead , Jake ... jake like that matter ! you can not fool bad luck ! you can not get by on a technicality ! you can not trick karma ! lily grab she jacket and start out the door , then turn back around to Jake . ( continued ) 69 . continued : lily so much for that good feel , huh ? silence . Jake can feel the eye on he . jake anybody say a word I swear to God ... Jake take off after she . CUT to : ext . - back alley - night ( present ) butch crack a big smile . butch she have you tempting fate . jake my father use to play the same fuck lotto number with this other guy in the pharmacy . the same number everyday for sixteen year . one day he get piss off , tell they he 's out and play he own number . they hit the lucky Seven for one point two million . lily step out from behind butch . lily guess he pass on that unlucky - asshole gene . lily look down at Jake and the gun point at he head . there 's not even a hint of sympathy . lily you should have trust I Jake . CUT to : int .- the bull and the bear pub - night Jake turn and look at the crew , mile , gordo , lupus and lily behind he . grant ashby sit alone at the crowded bar , do he crossword puzzle . Jake a smile and saunter over to the bar . gordo she up for this ? ( continued ) 70 . continued : jake she 's up for it . angle on ashby at the bar ashby sit finish a drink . snippet of conversation and laughter from the clique around he catch he attention , but he remain alone . blonde ( o.s. ) be this seat take ? ashby turn to see a attractive blonde point to the empty seat next to he . ashby ( brighten ) uh , no . please . blonde thanks . the blonde grab the barstool and start to walk off with it . a reject look from ashby . lily ( o.s. ) sorry I be late . lily appear next to the blonde . ashby look around to make sure she 's talk to he . lily but I be not that late . you do not have to give away my seat . ashby ( get it ) I be not sure if you would make it . blonde oh , I do not know you ... here . sorry . lily take the barstool back . lily no problem . the blonde woman leave as lily sit down next to ashby . lily thanks for play along . I just have to sit for a while . ashby tough day ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : lily brutal day . they say the street be line with money down here , but I guess you have to know the secret handshake . what be you drink ? ashby uh , Maker 's Mark . rock . lily signal the bartender for two more drink . ashby my name 's grant . grant ashby . lily oh god . I be overbearing and rude . lily . lily Finn . they shake , ashby 's demeanor brighten again . ashby so , what do you do ? lily it 's more like what be not I do . my partner and I be try to secure start up capital for a small tech company . we try the venture capitalist route in the Valley , but then again who have not up there . ashby silicon Valley ? lily that 's right . so , brainiac that we be , we think we would be innovative and relocate east . try we luck with a straight corporate loan out here . the drink arrive . lily hand the bartender a twenty . ashby I can --- lily on I . for the seat . cheer . she flash a trademark smile as they clink glass . lily so we have be meeting with bank all day . it 's amazing how many way they can say " no " without ever use the word . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ashby well , typically , corporate loan be relatively simple matter , but you do need to demonstrate a capacity for gross fund recovery . lily arch a eyebrow at ashby . lily do not tell I you start a tech firm here before we . ashby no , no . nothing like that . I work in a bank . lily ( lean in ) really ? wish we have meet eight hour ago . ashby nod and shyly look away . he could be blush . lily let the moment play out for a beat before look over she shoulder . lily ( get up ) my partner be here . ashby revert back to schlub mode . ashby oh. well , thanks for the drink . lily you be welcome . I be just go to ask you if you would like to join we . ashby brighten again . CUT to : int .- the bull and the bear pub / table - later ashby sit with the crew , a few empty glass in front of he . he look remarkably relaxed , just another guy hang around with a group of friend . jake ( v.o. ) she get one leg out from under he . now we have to lean . 73 . gordo so then mile walk straight into the Creative director 's office and say " the code 's fine , the program 's for shit " and throw down like a thousand page of code on the guy 's desk ! they all break out into laughter . jake so this be we boss , right ? he chase I and mile out of he office and he 's yell and scream , " you be fire ! you whole team 's fire ! " he start look for lily , lupus , gordo -- mile but the best part be that he could not find gordo ! he be in the bathroom . so he finally go in there , kick in a stall door and start yell ! and there 's gordo , pants at the ankle , hold a PC World Magazine ! more laugh . gordo I have not be able to use a public bathroom since . lupus especially with the thing ! lupus 's non -sequitur bring the whole rhythm of the conversation to a grind halt . jake uh , right ... and that be it . that 's when we decide to start we own business . no more shithead boss . ashsy I envy you guy . take a chance like that . gordo Masters of we own destiny . lily so far , master of we own demise . what bank be you with ? ashby City Bank of Manhattan . ( continued ) 74 . continued : gordo that 's that gillette guy , right ? ( off ashby 's nod ) you like he ? as a boss , I mean . ashby he 's . . . he 's okay . gordo ( goad ) come on ... ashby no. more laugh . jake what do you do over at you bank , grant ? ashby what do I do ? I be the vp of Finance . the group exchange look . mile wow . we have not meet with anyone you level yet . vp ? so that mean there 's you , then the P. ashby ( confidently yeah . that 's right . freeze frame on ashby ... jake ( v.o. ) here 's where a little research come in handy . corporate bank give out vp title like calendar . it 's a small lie , but now we be sure he 's play . resume action jake maybe you can help we understand what 's so hard about get a corporate loan . ashby well , typically speak , they be not . as long as you can demonstrate -- ( continued ) 75 . continued : jake a capacity for gross fund recovery . yeah , we get that part . ashby that 's right . and tech firm ... they ' tend to scare people off . jake they scare people off because most people lack vision . vision and ball . present company exclude of course . ashby bank need to know how they be go to get they money back . jake we know exactly how we be go to make the money back . there in lie the catch -22 ashby I do not follow . a uncomfortable silence fall . gordo Jake ... lily it 's alright . grant 's one of the good guy . she throw ashby a flirty smile . lupus yeah . he 's we boy . lupus casually punch ashby in the arm . it 's mean to be a friendly tap , but it 's hard enough to jerk ashby 's head to the side . ashby let out a uncomfortable laugh as he rub he arm . jake ( lean in ) listen , what I be about to tell you , I be tell you in confidence , okay ? ( off ashby 's nod ) have you ever hear of a company call big. com ? ashby big.com . that Internet thing . ( continued ) 76 . continued : jake right . the guy who start that do what a lot of company in the Valley do . they get a good idea , shop it around , raise some capital , then sell it off to a bigger company . Microsoft , Intel , Oracle , whatever . the beauty of it be , they have pretty much sell the company before they be even real . the bigger company be already set to buy it , all they want to do be make sure that the idea actually work . so they get some start up capital , make it work , then sell it for like five time the initial loan . ashy sort of like a letter of intent . jake exactly . but the catch - 22 be that you can not tell anyone about the offer , because if it 's public , you could start a bid war and that 's consider a breach of etiquette . it could kill a deal . but , wait too long and you be not consider hot anymore . ashby and you have this letter of intent ? jake ( quietly ) yes . that 's why I wish there be guy willing to take a chance and live a little . lily we be get down to the wire . apparently another company have a similar product in r&amp ; D right now . if they beat we to it ... jake off the record , I be this close to cut someone in on the action if it would help . ashby consider for a moment . ashby should we get another round ? Jake and lily share a almost imperceptible look . CUT to : 77 . tnt .- CITY STREET - night Jake , lupus , mile , gordo and lily walk , still on a celebratory high . gordo poor bastard never know what hit he . Jesus , I almost feel sorry for the guy . mile I gotta work off some of this adrenaline . I get a line on this pawn shop guy over in Brooklyn . anybody want in ? lily I ' m go home gordo let 's go , Jake ? jake uh ... no thanks . I be not go all the way to Brooklyn for a hundred dollar pay- off . gordo you sure ? Jake look over at . lily then nod . gordo , mile and lupus start to head off . jake lupus ! lupus turn and Jake move closer . jake ( cont would ) when this be all over , you be go to tell I who the King put on al. lupus you go to have the time ? jake I '11 find the time . lupus nod and head off . Jake watch they go . lily look at you ... you want to go . jake for what ? a couple hundred buck ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : lily I think you would do it for free . you ' be almost drool . you like the rush . jake it 's what I do . it 's my job . lily why ? you mother not breast feed you or something ? jake be you ask I if I have something to prove ? lily do you have something to prove ? jake not in that repress anger sort of way . lily I be you basic underachiever . can not stand work and porn do not seem like a good option . jake good quality porn have it 's place in the world . lily whatever . but you ... I get the feel you could have bullshit you way into anything . so why this ? jake I be good at it . lying , cheating . manipulate ... I be good at it . lily it 's more than that . jake intuition . it do not make you yoda . like tonight . you kill that guy tonight . but I know you would . lily so that be my part ? smile and shake my ass ? jake no . you have another part ? you will know what to do . ( continued ) 79 . continued : lily how do you know I will ? jake intuition . CUT to : int .- lily apartment - night illuminate only by the light come from the window ... Jake run a hand down the length of lily 's bare back . she fall onto he , both of they hit the bed lock in a deep kiss . lily 's hand move down Jake 's arm until it find he hand . lily you have really soft hand . like a baby 's . jake ( remember the King ) do not ruin this for I . they roll off the bed onto the floor , a naked tangle of arm and leg , they hand still entwine . CUT to : ext . - back alley night ( present ) Jake take a deep breath , butch and lily behind he . butch be that what it be , Jake ? be it love ? jake you know when the first con be ever play ? it be when Adam fall for Eve in the Garden of eden . lily look away , she face soften for a moment . jake then she fuck he over with a apple . ( with a dry laugh ) redhead ... Jake continue to laugh ... CUT to : 80 . int . - lily apartment--day not even the soft morning light can diffuse the reality of this slum - pit studio apartment . Jake lie next to lily , kissing she neck . a spoon rattle in a glass from the grow rumble of a pass subway train . the rumble rise to a almost deafen volume . Jake 's a little alarmed . lily , oblivious . jake ( drown out by the rumble ) how do you deal with --- lily ( yell ) what ? jake ( yell back ) say , how do -- ( the subway pass ) deal with that ? lily shrug indifferently . lily do you think we can do it ? Jake resume kissing lily 's neck , try to rekindle some of last night 's magic . jake maybe . even if we do not , you will be alright . you be not in the hole with the King . lily roll away from Jake . undaunted , Jake start kissing she back . lily who say you have to know the King to be in a whole ? I actually do have a real job once . when I be in high school , I work as a candy striper . jake sound respectable . lily not the way I do it . I be load half the time . I do not know how you could change bedpan sober . ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . continued : lily ( cont 'd ) I use to hang out with this guy , Glenn . he be a x-ray technician or something . jake you want to talk about a old boyfriend right now ? Jake , kissing up the length of lily 's neck . lily he be not my boyfriend . I have a boyfriend at the time ... what be he name ? anyway , Glenn be like thirty . I be only fifteen . but he be a nice guy . Real sweet . like to talk . we use to get load on pill from the nurse station and then listen to morrisey or some stupid shit like that . jake yeah , the sensitive guy -thing never work for I . lily we be friend . I trust he . I should have know it be weird . but , then again I be weird . jake you guy get bust . this be a great neck . Jake still kissing ... lily no , we never get bust . we be do with a shift one night , both a couple of percocets down and I be tell Glenn about my boyfriend , about how we be think about do it , you know ? I be think about let he be my first because I love he . ( pause ) what the hell be he name ? jake Glenn talk you out of it . lily sort of . I be tell he about this great love of my life who 's name I do not remember , and I could see ... he be get piss . I think it be just because he be worried about I , but ... ( continued ) 82 . continued : lily ( cont would ) he tell I that I be stupid because my boyfriend do not really love I . Jake grab lily and roll she over onto she back . he climb on top of she . jake he be look out for you . lily then he grab I and throw I down on the floor , that really cold linoleum tile hospital floor and start rip my uniform off . ( pause ) he say he be go to " fuck some sense into I . " Jake stop kissing lily and look up at she . lily shit , what be that guy 's name ? I really like he . jake lily ... Jesus Christ ... lily after Glenn be finish , he give I a couple of valium and I go home . the next day , I finish my shift and meet he around back , like we always do . I stick a number eight scalpel into he chest . Three or four time . Jake slide off lily . jake do , uh ... do you kill he ? lily I do not know . I pack up my shit and run away . to this ... so unlike you , I guess I do have something to prove , in a repress anger sort of way . Jake consider for a second . jake no. you trust he ... you be just get square . lily you know why I tell you that , Jake ? ( turn towards he ) because I trust you too . ( continued ) 83 . continued : Jake try a reassure smile even though he 's not sure it 's something he should be smile about . the spoon start to rattle again as another subway train rumble in the distance . CUT to : ext . - back alley - night ( present ) lily shake she head in disbelief that Jake would tell the story . jake sorry , honey . but I figure if we can not all share at a time like this ... butch lower the gun down and look over at lily . butch you get some issue , huh ? lily ( with a hiss ) I can take care of myself . butch freeze as a police siren wail in the background , grow closer then fading again . he put the gun back to Jake 's head . butch hurry up . CUT to : int .- ashby' office - day ashby sit behind a desk in front of the crew . in front of he be the corporate papers . jake ( v.o. ) we have to finalize the deal . ashby everything look in order . jake this have to happen fast . ashby I know . it will not go unnotice . jake there will be red flag . Jake slide a envelope across the desk . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ashby what 's this ? jake you need some convincing . consider it a convincer . ashby leaf through the money in the envelope . ashby let 's just slow down for a second ... jake you be worried about recoup the loan . I already tell you . ashby no , I understand that . what I mean ... what I be try to say ... I be actually wonder about ... well , my cut . ecu - a bead of sweat roll down the back of ashby 's neck . jake ( v.o. ) then there it be . ashby get the itch . jake the standard ten . ashby ten percent . of how much ? jake two million . gordo we be go to make it back , grant . Three or four time over . jake and all you need to do for you ten percent be put some paperwork through and push a button tomorrow . there 's a pause before ashby smile , then reach around to scratch he neck . CUT to : int .- CITY bank of manhattan / hallway - day Jake exit ashby 's office with lupus , gordo , mile and lily . they all follow Jake down the hallway . ( continued ) 85 . continued : gordo you will be there ? jake eight a.m. flight . gordo call ? jake we will use the euc . they pass the glass partition conference room . Jake look inside to see Morgan gillette hold court with a bunch of suit . butch stand behind gillette . for a second , butch and Jake 's eye meet . CUT to : ext .- STREET - day Jake , lily , mile , gordo and lupus ... as they move through the crowded sidewalk , rottovich and sobozinski appear behind they . rottovich hey Jake . Jake turn just in time to catch rottovich 's fist square in the face . Jake stagger back and sobozinski push he into a alley . jake that tip not work - out for you fella ? rottovich tip be fine , Jake . we be a little more curious about the fed. jake hey , listen ... if you guy do not pay you tax , that 's you business . sobozinski punch Jake in the stomach . mile and gordo lurch forward -- sobozinski ( pull he gun ) back up . lupus you want I should hold he down ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : gordo throw lupus a look . rottovich special agent gunther moonan . Ring a bell ? jake gunther ? I think I would remember a gunther . rottovich Ring it for he , sobo . sobozinski punch Jake again . jake oh yeah . moonan . I remember now . thanks . rottovich well he 's in town and he sure as shit remember you . what be we go to do about this Jake ? we can not afford to have a fed onto we . jake would not dream of it . rottovich punch Jake hard in the stomach , send he gasping to the ground . rottovich I do not know what you be into with the King pin , but whatever it be we get a piece , understand ? we get a big piece . if we find out you be keep we out , I may suddenly develope a conscious and give you up to moonan myself . say something stupid if we get a deal , Jake . jake ( gasp for breath ) something stupid . rottovich good boy . sobozinski and do not leave town ! ( to rottovich ) I always want to say that ... as the cop exit , lily , mile and gordo rush to Jake . ( continued ) 87 . continued : lily people do not like you much , do they ? Jake let out a pain groan as they help he up . CUT to : int .- car - day rottovich and sobozinski get in the front of a squad car . in the back , moonan sit read the Travel section of the NY Times . moonan do he buy it ? rottovich I think so . what would he ever do to you anyway ? moonan let 's just say he burn I once . moonan calmly turn the page of the paper . lupus ( v.o. ) why 's this guy so hard up for you ? you be not exactly a threat to national security . CUT to : int .- the euclid - day Jake sit at a barstool , batter and bruise . lily tend to he with a towel . mile and gordo pour drink . lupus sit at a table , watch . jake we go way back ... CUT to : ext .- dog racetrack - day a bell ... a mechanical rabbit spring forward . greyhound bolt out of the gate . jake ( v.o. ) about four year ago , we be work in Miami , turf fix for some local goon . CUT to : 88 . int .-- racetrack - day gordo , mile , Big A1 and Jake watch the race with indifference , surround by excited spectator . jake ( v.o. ) turn out this local goon be be watch by the fed , which mean we be be watch by the fed . one in particular . through the crowd , we catch a glimpse of moonan , in sunglass , watch the guy . jake ( v.o. ) special agent gunther moonan . Jake turn and catch moonan look at he . CUT to : ext .- racetrack / parking lot - day moonan walk over to a car . jake ( v.o. ) he do not really have anything on we , but I figure , maybe this guy 's good for a fix . so I ask he out to dinner . moonan pull a piece of paper off the windshield that read : " La scala 2 night . " CUT to : int .- LA scala - night a elegant restaurant . Jake sit confidently in a expensive suit speak to the shabbily dress moonan across from he . jake ( v.o. ) this guy we have now , sure , give they twenty buck and they will look the other way on a parking ticket . but a fed ... you get a guy like that as you fix ... Jake nonchalantly slide a fat envelope over to moonan . moonan pick it up and find a wad of cash . jake ( v.o . ) it be probably a stupid idea . there I be , armani and rolex . there he be , jc penny and timex ... ( continued ) 89 . continued : moonan smile and slide the envelope back over to Jake with a disappointed shake of he head . jake ( v.o. ) so I take a shot . but now he have I on attempt bribery of a Federal agent . as moonan stand , we see Big Al get up from the next table . A1 " bump " into gordo , dress in a waiter 's white jacket . gordo " trip ; " spilling scalding hot coffee into moonan 's lap . Jake casually get up and leave . freeze frame on moonan' contorted face . jake ( v.o. ) that 's when gordo come in with the hazelnut french roast . resume -- moonan fall to the floor , hold he crotch in agony . CUT to : ext .- LA scala / parking lot - night mile pull up in a old cadillac , pick up Jake at the entrance . they pick up gordo and Big Al from a side door and drive off as moonan limp out of the restaurant , still hold he crotch . CUT to : int .- the euclid - day ( resuming ) Jake finish the story to lupus . jake and that 's how special agent gunther moonan and I become friend . lupus nod , satisfied . gordo moonan . here . shit ... lily so what ? we just stay clear of he . Jake get up , hard enough to knock the chair over . lily Jesus ... take it easy . ( continued ) 90 . continued : jake no , I be not go to take it easy . you can not stay clear of this guy . he will be on this until the end of time . mile what do we do ? we change the scam ? jake there be no scam ! I have get a fuck sign on my back ! I can not leave town now and come back with a suitcase full of money . you get it ? it 's over . we walk . gordo Jake -- jake what do I always tell you guy ? do not spend it all . sooner or later we be go to run into some bad luck . save some . put it away , so when shit like this happen , you be not desperate . that 's it . the gig 's up . lily that 's it ? what be you talk about ? we can still do this ! gordo Jake , I mean , come on -- jake no , no , no ! not this time . I be do this for you own good ! you guy have get to learn when to stop . you with the armani ! you with the hooker ! mile escort ! jake do you even remember Al ? do you remember what he look like sit there ? lily you be such a rave pussy sometimes . jake hey , we fuck once , honey . that hardly make you a good judge of character . and do not think I do not know you be work some angle with that either . ( continued ) 91 . continued : lily everyone 's work a angle , right ? jake there be three people I trust -- he , he and a guy who get kill . I do not know who you be ! you be like some stray doq that wander into the house . so I be tell you to cut loose of this . no one 's look for you , not the King , not moonan and not gillette . just go wherever it be you would go . it 's over . lily look around the room . no one seem to be back she up . lily what about ... jake what about what ? lily what about the money ? Jake stop and level a look at lily . jake so there it be . you get that big itch you need to scratch . it 's all about the fuck money . what do you want , a apology ? lily no , I want my cut ! jake I be go to say this one last time for you , so take a deep breath and count to ten . there be no cut . lily level a look of utter contempt at Jake . lily you be a asshole . with that , she grab she coat and leave . lupus sit quietly , take it all in . gordo so that 's it ... jake that 's it . ( continued ) 92 . continued : lupus King be not gonna like this . jake do not worry , I will settle up with you boss . we have not skip town yet . lupus what I be say be , be that the King be not gonna care . see he have a real thing with get this gillette guy , if you ask I I think he 's jealous . jake of what ? they be both crook . lupus exactly . ` cept this gillette guy . he get to walk around in three piece suit , hob knob with the Mayor , own a bank , that kinda shit . meanwhile , the King sit hole up in the steam , afraid to even take a leak without I or harlin watch the door . jake my fuck heart bleed . lupus you buddy . that fat guy . the King could not wait to have that guy whacked . he do not even know who the guy be , but he be so piss off at he , he get he drill . it be not personal . it 's business . jake Point , lupus . give we a point . lupus Point be , you do not go through with this , he 's go to go after you next . and he do not even like you , Jake . lupus stare blankly at Jake . CUT to : ext . - back alley ( present ) butch hover over Jake ... butch so much for honor among thief . you would have cut loose you friend , you girl ... ( continued ) 93 . continued : jake I be do it for they . butch bullshit ! you be scared , Jake ! you - lose you nerve ! you lose you confidence ! you be not be noble . you be not try to save anybody but yourself ! admit it . jake it 's not true . butch yes it be Jake ! yes it be ! they be right there for you . she be right there for you ! look at she ! Jake do not move . butch grab he by the hair and turn he towards lily . butch ( cont would ) she trust you and you sell she out ! be honest ! be a man ! tell she , Jake ! tell she that you love she but the money mean more to you ! butch kick Jake in the gut . butch ( cont would ) grifter ... gentleman 's racket ... my ass . you be just any other lowlife stammer -- look out for number one . Jake shut he eye , maybe because butch be right . CUT to : int . - jake' apartment -- night lupus and Jake sit at the table . lupus on the phone . lupus hey , boss . it 's I . the bank 's in . it 's happen tomorrow ... Jake ? lupus turn to Jake and slap he on the shoulder good buddy - style . lupus ( cont ' d) he get a little shaky there for a minute , but we get he back in the batter 's box . CUT to : 94 . int . - bulldog gym - same the King pin on a cell phone . harlin stand in front of he , punch the King 's stomach hard enough that he 's sweat . the King seem to hardly notice . lupus ( o.s. ) coupla thing . they get this fed , loo king around and the girl just split . king pin a fed ? be he close ? lupus ( o.s. ) I do not think so . they fix give we the head up and Jake 's get a plan that will probably keep he off . back to lupus lupus but this girl , the redhead . she know a lot . she could be a pain in the ass . Jake look up . jake no . she will not . she 's not go to be a problem . lupus cup the phone . lupu he want to talk to you . ( whisper ) do not tell he I say he be jealous of gillette , okay ? Jake reach over and grab the phone . jake uh huh ... uh huh ... okay ... I understand . Jake hang up the phone . lupus what would he say ? jake oh , you know ... do not fuck this up . I will kill you . I will kill you family . I will shoot you dog ... all the usual . then he say good luck . ( continued ) 95 . continued : a flapping SOUND catch Jake and lupus 's attention . a white pigeon sit on the frame of a open window . jake aww , shit ! CUT to : ext . back alley - night ( present ) with a shrug , Jake continue ... jake we be back on . butch after you cut she loose . jake she walk . lily push butch aside and move closer to Jake . lily I walk ? let I tell you a story , asshole ... CUT to : int .- lily apartment - night lily stand at a hot plate in she " kitchen " fry a egg . heavy footstep from the hall catch she attention , grow louder , then stop at she door . a knock . harlin ( 0.s. ) lily ? lily frantically rumage through drawer . she pull a knife , but it 's only a butter knife . she toss it aside . lily move to the door and look out the peep hole . harlin ( o. S. ) . Jake send I . lily move to the closet . lily Jake ? hold on . I just get out of the shower . more knocking . ( continued ) 96 . continued : lily rumage in the closet and a baseball bat . she heft the bat and take a stance in front of the door . more knocking . lily hold on ! another knock . lily slowly reach for the doorknob . then the door fly open with a crash . harlin fill the doorway . harlin the King would like to have a word with you . lily , wide - eye , stand freeze with the bat still cocked .. lily uh , right now ? harli please . I have a car wait . lily take a swing . harlin easily grab the bat and backhand lily . she go fly back into the far wall , bounce off and land with a thud at harlin 's foot where she find the butter knife . harlin reach down and pull lily up by the hair . the egg sizzle in the pan . lily take a stab at harlin , but the knife just bounce off he coat . harlin slap lily again , send she fly into the stove . smoke start to rise from the burn egg . harlin step closer , but lily throw she hand up in surrender . a spoon rattle in a cup as the rumble of a subway train grow louder . harlin ( drown out by rumble ) I apologize for the -- lily ( yell ) what ? harlin ( yell back ) I say , I apologize for -- ( continued ) 97 . continued : lily shake she head and point to she ear and mouth , " can not hear you . " harlin move closer and they lean into each other . harlin ( cont ' d ) ( louder ) I say , I apologize for -- ( the subway pass ) -- the door. lily ( nodding ) no problem . she grab the smoking pan from the stove and whack harlin across the head . the burn egg land on the floor . lily watch as he sway and teeter on he foot , like a drunk . she raise the pan again ... but before she deliver the final blow , harlin step on the egg , cause he leg to shoot out from under he . he land flat on he back , out cold . the wood floor creak with he weight . lily wipe the blood from she nose and turn the hot plate off . CUT to : ext . - back alley - night ( present ) Jake , butch and lily ... jake sorry . I do not know ... lily you friend , Big Al ? it should have be you . butch alrlght , alrlght . what happen today ? jake today ? start off great ... CUT to : ext .-- caymen island / beach - day Crystal blue water gently roll onto virgin white sand . a jet cut a line across the cloudless sky ... ( continued ) 98 . continued : jake ( v.o. ) ashby be go to call we with the exact time of the transfer . the King be wait on we . just to be safe ... CUT to : int .- jet - same gordo sit in first class , impeccably dress in a brook Brothers suit . jake ( V . o . gordo go down to the caymen instead of I . I need rottovich and sobozinski to keep moonan off we back and the only way I could do that be to stay in town and cut they in on the deal . CUT t0 : int .- 16 th precint - same rottovich and sobozinski sit around the desk , as moonan read the newpaper behind they . jake ( v.o. ) so they wait for my call while mile and I wait for ashby 's call . CUT t0 : int .- the euclid - same Jake sit with mile and lupus at a table in the otherwise empty bar . mile he should be landing in the caymen about now . the custom 's guy be ready right ? Jake stare off into space , absentmindedly flipping a penny in he hand . jake feeling lucky today , mile . found a penny -- head up . there be a empty cab right outside my building . we hit every green light . mile and we get rid of the red head . Jake consider ... ( continued ) 99 . continued : jake and we get rid of the red head . mile Jake ? custom ? Jake just nod and continue flipping the penny . jake ( v.o. ) they say a good chess player can . see up to twenty move deep . that mean that in some game , you have calculate every possible move in you head ... the game 's over before it 's even " really start . CUT t0 : int .- CITY bank of manhattan / ashby' office - same ashby sit at a desk , computer terminal in front of he . he speak in hushed tone on the phone . jake ( v.o. ) same thing with play a con . you have to be able to see that deep . ashby Jake ? right . uh-huh ... uh-huh ... yeah , it 's go through -- insert shot - ecu of ashby 's finger on the " enter " key . ashby ( coat ' d) now . ashby hang up and check over he shoulder . CUT t0 : int . - the euclid bar - same Jake hang up and immediately dial another number . jake ( v.o. ) in order to ensure that we be not go to welch , ashby 's pay - off be to be directly deposit into he own offshore account which he could confirm electronically . in this age of ecommerce , paper currency have become " more of a liability than a commodity . especially to we . ( continued ) 100 . continued : jake ( into phone ) go. CUT to : ext .- caymen island / cafe - same gordo listen into a cell phone : without say a word , he get up , wheeling a nondescript black suitcase . across the street sit the Grand caymen 's Bank in all it 's pastel and brass glory . CUT to : int .-- grand laymen be bank - day gordo move across the lobby of the bank to the back of a line at the teller window wheeling the black suitcase . jake ( v.o. ) gordo be make the withdrawal from the Grand laymen 's Bank . gordo stand in front of a teller . she read off a paper then do a double take at gordo , who smile back . jake ( V. o . ) they check the papers ... gordo slide a folder of corporate papers along with he photo id towards the teller . we follow the teller as she hand the papers to the officious loan officer . angle on the teller window -- a check be push to gordo . jake ( v.o. ) ... they stick . gordo shake the loan Officer 's hand and calmly walk towards the door . CUT to : ext .- laymen island / STREET day gordo walk across the street with the suitcase and pull a cell phone from he pocket . gordo first and ten . ( continued ) 101 . continued : gordo hang up without another word . he approach a building with the word " bank of the caymen " engrave over the brass handle door . CUT to : int .- bank of the caymen - day gordo approach the teller window with the check in hand . jake ( v.o. ) then he have to bang it out across the street at the Bank of the caymen ... gordo I would like this cashed , please . another teller look at the check then back up at gordo . gordo ( cont would ) I also need to deduct a certain amount and deposit it into this account number . gordo take another piece of paper and slide it to the teller . CUT to : int .- CITY bank of manhattan / ashby' office - day ashby sit , nervously tapping he computer monitor with a pen . marie , a secretary , poke she head in . mar I E Mr. ashby ? Mr. Thompson from International with a 34r on a corporate account . ashby watch the screen , as a big broad smile come across he face . ashby probably just a new account marker . ( stand ) tell he I already leave for lunch and that I will call he later . ashby grab he coat and stride confidently out . CUT to : 102 . int .- bank of the caymen / vault room - continuous a security guard stand in the small , windowless room . gordo be escort into the room by a bank official . bank official we will let you have a moment . on a small table be neat pile of bundle money , shrink wrap in plastic . gordo seem in awe . jake ( v.o. ) we call they Green twinkies . the Bank official and Security Guard exit . gordo hold up a Green twinkie up to he nose and take a deep breath . CUT to : ext .- caymen island / STREET - day the Security Guard hold open the door as gordo exit , suitcase in tow . gordo take he cell phone out as he move across the street . gordo we get twinkies . gordo pocket the phone and disappear into the crowd . CUT to : int .-- the euclid - same Jake hang up the phone and dial another number . he nod at lupus . jake ( v.o. ) mile be on he way to the airport to wait for gordo to land . I make the call . jake yeah , it 's I . I need a escort . not a ride , just a escort . you want in , this be in . CUT to : int .- 16th precinct / detective ' office - day sobozinski behind a desk . sitting in a chair leaf through a magazine be moonan . rottovich on the phone ... ( continued ) 103 . continued : jake ( o.s. ) Kennedy . International terminal . gordo with a black suitcase . you get moonan under control ? rottovich do not worry about moonan . we get he cover . when ..? ( hang up ) it be he . there 's a shipment come through tonight . Kennedy . moonan shipment of what ? ( off rottovich 's shrug ) find two car . and change into plain clothes . after rottovich and sobozinski exit , moonan dial a number . moonan it 's moonan . tonight . JFK . International terminal . come heavy . CUT to : int .- the euclid - night Jake sit at the bar , look at he watch . he notice he hand be shaking . lupus so that 's it , huh ? you get the cop to give you a safe ride . jake let I ask you something ... you really think I be go to come this close , this fuck close and let my guard down ? I will get square with you boss . I will get square with whoever do Al . I will get square with everybody . then I be go go to cash in my chip and be on my way to a new and better I far away from here . lupus you be a weasal . lupus get off the stool and we follow he into ... int .- the euclid / bathroom - continuous lupus enter the small . bathroom and pull a cellphone . ( continued ) 104 . continued : lupus yeah ... he 's landing with the money at Kennedy in a few hour . International Terminal . you be right . he 's try to fuck you . you want it , you gotta get it at the airport ... CUT to : int .- bulldog gym / locker room - same the King pin close the cell phone and look over at harlin , who 's hair be singe and matte down on one side . king pin he 's get pig for a escort . you believe this guy ? harlin I will get the car . king pin always something . the King struggle into a pair of pants , then turn around . king pin ( cont ' d) my ass look big in this ? harlin deliberately look away . harlin look fine , boss . CUT to : ext .-- JFK airport / parking lot - night a black lincoln town car roll through the parking lot . behind the wheel we see harlin with the King pin riding in the back . the town car pass ... mile sitting on the hood of a car looking at the terminal . we follow the town car as it pass ... rottovich and sobozinski staked out in a unmarked police car a few space past mile . ( continued ) 105 . continued : the town car finally park in the same row , each car , separate only by a few space . CUT to : int .- unmarked police car - same sobozinski and rottovich overlook the terminal . sosozinski you trust this moonan guy ? rottovich I do not trust anybody . you see how bad this guy want vig ? it 's like a sickness . I say we collar vig ourselves . we get vig , then we get leverage . and we trade ; vig for that tape . I want to see it right in front of my face . sobozinski it 's just insurance . rottovich that 's what I be talk about . sobozinski I be down ! sobozinski hold he hand up for a high five . rottovich what be you do ? sobozinski High five . rottovich put you hand down . I do not high five . there 's the crackle from a walkie-talkie . moonan you guy awake ? rottovich ( into walkie ) we be here . CUT to : 106 . int .- JFK airport / terminal - same moonan sit a safe distance away from a area mark " custom " . behind a large table , a few custom officer in white shirt mill around . moonan speak into a mic hide in he sleeve . moonan stay sharp . moonan keep he eye on the custom desk . CUT to : int . - jet - night gordo sit squash in the window seat , next to a very heavyset couple . mr. heavyset oh jeez . Mr. heavyset quickly get up . CUT to : int .- the euclid - same Jake sit at the bar , the phone a few inch away . lupus pour himself a drink from the bar . the phone ring . jake gordo . CUT to : int .- jet - same gordo on the air- phone next to mrs . heavyset ... gordo I be landing in about fifteen minute . mr. heavyset return to he seat , drying he hand on he own shirt . mr. heavyset jeez ... I tell ya , this airline food go right through I every time . Mrs. heavyset pat she husband 's hand . gordo you ever use the bathroom in Kennedy ? ( continued ) 107 . continued : jake ( o.s. ) what ? no . use the bathroom on the plane ! gordo eye Mr. &amp ; Mrs. heavyset . gordo let I just say that there be no way I be use the bathroom on this plane . CUT to : int .- the euclid - same Jake hang up ... jake he 's wheeling around two million dollar in cash and he want to stop to use the bathroom . you believe this ? lupus maybe he 's get it right . maybe we be all just look for a safe place to shit . jake that be fuck deep . lupus get up and head for the bathroom again . CUT to : int .- town car - same a cell phone ring with a digitize version of " ode to Joy " . the King answer it . king pin speak . lupus ( o.s. ) he 's landing . he 's get a suitcase on wheel . king pin so do half the other people in this place . how do I know which one ? lupus ( o.s. ) I get it figure out ... he 's get this thing with bathroom . if he make it through custom , he will be head for the john . ( continued ) 108 . continued : king pin good. good . do not let vig out of you sight . the King hang up the phone and motion to harlin to go . CUT to : int . -- the euclid bar - same Jake look up at a small digital clock sit behind the bar . it read " 11:11 pm . " lupus emerge from the back hallway to find Jake dial a number . jake what 's up with you ? bladder infection ? lupus keep it up . lily ( o.s. ) you get my cell . leave a message . jake it 's I . it 's jake. listen ... it 's happen . gordo 's landing right now . meet I at the euclid ... for you cut , I mean . it 's ... I want you to have it . Jake hang up the phone . lupus you really like that bitch do not you ? I gotta tell you , I be pretty convinced that the whole thing before be blow she off for she cut . you know how it be , get she to do some shit for you , throw she a bang to keep she happy . but , if you be into she ... that 's cool . jake that 's what I like about you , lupus . you be a free thinker . do not let the King tell you different . lionel not for nothing , Jake , but the guy who whacked you buddy ? it be I . the King usually farm out for that kind of stuff , but I tell ya , he be so piss off he could not wait for the regular guy . fucker do not even put down he kung pao Chicken . ( continued ) 109 . continued : Jake seem to be reeling with the information . jake Egg foo young. ( stand ) stand up . lupus what ? jake stand up . lupus ( laugh ) no offense , but I have see you fight . you gotta be kid m- Jake 's send a fist fly right into lupus ' mouth , knock he over . jake I say stand up . CUT to : int .- morgan gillette's office - night morgan gillette sit behind a desk in a ultra modern office , he reptilian like face fix straight ahead . butch lean against the wall behind he . jake ( v.o. ) this be probably about where you come in . gillette wow . now that 's a exciting story . butch , have anyone ever try something like this before ? butch not that I recall . what do you want we to do about it ? gillette let 's see ... let 's suppose he get to custom and he get catch . we get we money back , but then we have to deal with a criminal investigation . I do not much like that idea . then again , let 's suppose he actually get through custom . now , that will be something . we recover the money in cash and let the insurance cover the corporate fraud . we double we money . ( continued ) 110 . continued : butch so we go to the bar . gillette I think so . the airport 's go to be crawl with police . traffic will be a nightmare . go down to the bar . if they pull it off , great . have someone deal with ashby . butch we will take care of it . gillette and how much do you say you want for this ... what do you call it ? a finder 's fee ? reveal lily sit on the couch in front of they , cell phone in hand . lil ten percent . gillette ten ? that seem a little high . butch ten be standard , sir . gillette Fine . but only if we recover the cash . lily only if --? no way . I want something for this . gillette have a little faith in he , honey . butch , see if you can get he to tell you how he do it . or almost do it . sound like a good story . butch I ' will ask . gillette pick up a apple from a bowl in he desk ... the oldest con . gillette Apple ? CUT to : 111 . int .- airport / terminal hallway - night we follow gordo as he wheel the black suitcase down the long corridor towards the custom desk . moonan spot gordo and speak into he wrist . moonan I get he . angle on the custom desk a few traveler quickly move past the desk . gordo approach a custom officer . gordo lay the suitcase on the desk : the custom Officer look nervously in both direction before wave gordo through . moonan follow at a safe distance as gordo clear custom . CUT to : int .- car - same rottovich and sobozinski check they gun . moonan ( o.s. ) he 's head towards the eastern most exit . do not , under any circumstance approach . I want to follow this all the way down to vig. sobozinsk ( into walkie ) Roger that . rottovich oh yeah , we will wait , jerk -off . sobozinski snort a laugh as they get out of the car . CUT to : int .- JFK airport / terminal - same gordo wheel the suitcase towards the exit when he spot the men' room . he stop and consider for a moment before he turn and enter . moonan watch a few yard back . he pull he badge out from under he shirt , hang from a chain . ( continued ) 112 . continued : moonan ( into mic ) he just go into the crapper . hold you position . harlin walk into the Men 's room half a minute after gordo . CUT to : int .- men' room - same gordo pad the toilet with half the roll before gingerly set he ass down . suddenly the stall door fly OPEN . harlin step in , gordo defenseless with he pants at he ankle . harlin pick he up off the toilet and throw he into the wall repeatedly before let he fall face first onto the dirty floor . CUT to : int .- JFK airport / terminal - continuous moonan watch the door to the Men 's room as harlin come out , wheeling the black suitcase behind he . moonan ( into mic ) they pull a switch . Big guy . Blue suit . keep on he . CUT to : ext .- JFK airport / parking lot - continuous rottovich turn the walkie talkie off as he and sobozinski fall in behind harlin . angle on mile -- who step out of he car , watch the little parade go by with a look of confusion . CUT to : int .- the euclid - same a loud thumping noise ... Jake have lupus by the hair as he ram he head repeatedly into the bar . Jake then get he into a headlock . lupus snap he head back and butt Jake in the nose , send he staggering back . CUT to : ( continued ) 113 . continued : tnt .- JFK airport / terminal - same moonan tap the mic hide in he sleeve , then check the walkie . moonan hello ? can you hear I ? moonan pull the ear plug out and race down the hall . CUT to : ext .- JFK airport / parking lot - same harlin get to the King pin 's car and open the back door . as he cram the suitcase in , rottovich and sobozinski come up behind he , gun draw . rottovich hey asshole . they both grin like idiot . CUT to : int .- the euclid - same Jake go fly into the bar . lupus push Jake back up against the bar and land a series of body blow . Jake manage to grab the phone and whip it across lupus ' head , send he to the ground . Jake straddle lupus and raise the phone for the last whack . we hear a loud click . Jake stop and the two slowly get up . as they stand , we can see that lupus have the barrel of a small gun in Jake 's mouth . Jake shut he eye tight , still hold the phone . which just then , ring . Jake open he eye and look at the phone . then to lupus , who nod . Jake pick up the receiver and speak , the gun still in he mouth . jake eww - whoa ? CUT to : ext .- JFK airport / parking lot - same mile on a cell phone ... ( continued ) 114 . continued : mile Jake ! I do not know what 's go on ! the King pin ... he 's here and he just get pinch . I think with the twinky ! it look like half the police department 's down here ! in the background , a whirlwind of activity -- Red and blue flash light , half of the police department , Federal Agents in blue windbreaker ... the King and harlin slump over the hood of the car , cuffed . CUT to : int . - the euclid bar - same Jake drop the phone and look at lupus . lupus what happen ? jake ( with the gun still in he mouth ) eee oott auught ! lupus ( pull the gun out ) sorry . what ? jake he got caught ! you boss try to pull a switch and he get we all fuck pinch ! lupus pick up the phone and dial another number ... no answer . lupus shit. lupus cock the gun and cram it back into Jake 's mouth . jake aaaaiiit !!! ooopusss !! lupus take a newspaper off the bar and cover Jake 's face with it . slam !!!-- blood splatter across the front page of the Metro section . the paper fall away revealing Jake , wide - eye , the gun hang from he mouth . lupus lie in a heap at the floor . 115 . continued : Jake let the gun fall and look up to see butch , stand at the door , gun in hand . lily step out from behind he . jake ( v.o. ) I never thank you for that . CUT to : ext . back alley - night ( present ) Jake run he tongue across the front of he tooth . butch you be welcome . lily can we please all stop be so goddamnfuck - polite and get to the point ? butch right . where 's the money , Jake ? butch press the gun against Jake 's head . Jake turn and look at lily . they lock eye . jake what do you get , lily ? finder 's fee ? because it be all about the money , right ? lily you sell I out . you should have trust I like I trust you . you fuck up . you fuck up huge . butch tap Jake on the head with the gun . butch alright ... turn around . she do not get shit , unless I get that money . where be it ? jake probably safe in the hand of the Federal government . butch button he coat . butch oh , Jake . you disappoint I . and you just let lily here down again . ( more ) ( continued ) 116 . continued : butch ( cont would ) what be it you say about play the big con ? jake it 's like put on a play , where everyone know they part except for the mark . butch like put on a play ... guess some people forget they line . jake guess so . butch so why do not you take a deep breath , Jake , and I will count to ten . one. two. Three ... as butch continue to count , Jake slowly turn he head and look at lily . butch , still count , smile at lily 's obvious contempt then slide the gun along the back of Jake 's head . jake I do trust you , lily . butch turn back to lily to see she reach into she bag ... butch wha- butch spin and aim at she . lily pull out a gun and ... blam !!! CUT to : int .- JFK airport / bathroom - same gordo stir on the floor of the stall , slowly get up . piece of toilet paper be stick to he face . jake ( v.o. ) trust ... CUT to : int .- car - same mile get back in the car and screech out of he parking space . ( continued ) 117 . continued : jake ( v.o. ) it should be a four letter word . CUT to : ext . - back alley - night ( present ) lily drop the gun and break down in tear butch Jesus Christ ! tell I before you do something like that ! Jake lie face down in a puddle , the collect pool of water grow red with blood . police siren wail in the distance , grow closer . butch you should leave . butch disappear down the dark alley . lily stand for a moment and take a final look at Jake 's body . she then turn and run back into the bar . jake ( v.o. ) so I be dead ... ext .- JFK airport / parking lot - night police officer and federal agent in windbreaker swarm all over the parking lot . the King and harlin be bent over the hood of the car , cuffed . one Federal agent pull the black suitcase out of the car . jake ( V . o . ) but maybe I can not blame lily . maybe I just should have just trust she to play she part . because play the big con be like put on a play . a play where everyone know they part except for the Mark ... CUT to : ( flashback ) int .- diner Jake sit with lily , mile and gordo cramme into a booth . ( continued ) 118 . continued : jake just watch everything you say around he . every word , every move ... it all go back to the King pin . get it ? CUT to : ( flashback ) int .- jake' apartment lily with she new red hair and the bird blouse . the crew watch Jake slowly flip out . jake you have no idea what you have do do you ? no idea ! what be this ? Jake point to she hair . lupus quietly watch , take it all in ... CUT to : ( flashback ) int .-- the euclid - day Jake and lily squaring off ... jake ( v.o. ) you tell they the " Tale " . jake what do you want ? a apology ? lily no , I want my cut ! lupus watch quietly , take it all in ... CUT to : ( flashback ) int .- the euclid / bathroom lupus on the cellphone to the King ... jake ( v.o. ) and like in a game of chess , you have play every possible move in you head ... lupus you be right . he 's try to fuck you . you want it , you gotta get it at the airport ... CUT to : 119 . ext .- JFK airport / parking lot - night police officer and federal agent in windbreaker swarm around the King pin 's car . jake ( v.o. ) then you give they the " blow-off " . you get they off you back . forever . the King pin and harlin be bent over the hood handcuff . rottovich and sobozinski lie on the ground , face down , they hand behind they head . rottovich we be on the job ! we be active in the one-six . next to they , a Federal agent open the suitcase . coffee bean spill out on the asphalt , follow by the two brick of heroin . the two internal affayr officer from before emerge from the crowd . ia officer #1 officer rottovich and sobozinski ? the second Internal affair officer hold up a microcassette . sobozinski fuck I ... CUT to : ( flashback ) int .- LA scala Jake slide a thick envelope of money to moonan , seat across from he . jake ( v.o. ) but most of all , you need the " fix " . this time , moonan take it . CUT to : ( flashback ) int .- the euclid Jake finish the moonan story ... jake that 's how special agent gunther moonan and I become friend . ( continued ) 120 . continued : lupus nod , satisfied . CUT to : ( flashback ) int .- custom desk gordo hoist the suitcase onto the desk . the custom Officer look around nervously . we see he 's look at moonan in the b.g. , who give he a nod . jake ( v.o. ) like suit say , sooner or later someone 's go to start ask the right question . the custom Officer wave gordo through . gordo reach down and pick up a identical black suitcase already lie on the table next to he and leave . jake ( v.o. ) rottovich and sobozinski would ask how the drug get in that suitcase . the King and gillette would ask where the money really go . moonan walk over to the custom desk and take the original black suitcase . he nod to the custom Officer . moonan turn and walk toward camera , wheeling the suitcase behind he . jake ( v.o. ) and all of they would ask what agency special agent gunther moonan work for . we close - in on the badge hang from moonan 's neck . on it be a number and the single word , " custom " . CUT to : ext . back alley - night ( present ) ripping sound ... jake ( v.o. ) but what do I care ? I be dead ... a thin , white vest , splatter with blood and wire with squib fall to the ground . police siren wail just around the corner . CUT to : ( continued ) 121 . continued : Jake emerge from . the back alley , he shirt rip and splatter with fake blood . jake ( v.o. ) no one 's go to ask I : a black car come to a stop n front of he . the tinted glass slide down and Jake lean in . jake Drop something ? Inside we see moonan and lily riding in the back , mile and gordo up front . lily ( innocently ) oops . she smile that smile . jake ( v.o. ) redhead ... Jake get in and the car pull away , follow second later by two Police Cars screeching to a stop in front of the euclid . fade to black : the end .