thirteen ghost by Neal Marshall Stevens base on the screenplay by robb White previous revision by Todd alcott Todd alcott and Neal Marshall Stevens Richard d'ovidio Richard d'ovidio and James gunn current revision by Richard d'ovidio revised production draft November 4 , 2000 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 blackness . superimpose : " the most beautiful thing we can experience be the mysterious . " - Albert Einstein then : " I do believe in spook . I do believe in spook . I do , I do , I do believe in spook . " - the cowardly lion title abstract image begin to form . they move beneath the title , brilliant against the darkness , the ghost - like apparition fight a current as if catch in the whirlwind of time . we image sharpens . the apparition be no longer there . instead , police tape come into focus , the seemingly mile of it entangle on stack of derelict car that fill the void . the tape dance before we , undulate to a macabre rhythm , float on the nocturnal wind . we pan . a auto wreck yard at midnight . empty , yet occupy . Light slowly invade the frame , fill in the wreck yard 's cavernous shadow . a distant roar announce itself above the soundtrack , the earth pounding clamor amplify in with every second . as if search for its source , camera pivot around . instantly , we find ourselves catch in the glare of headlight , and we have just enough time to make out the semi truck before it plow through the yard 's chain link gate , shatter it like so much glass , the truck head directly at camera , run it over as if it be not there . ext . auto graveyard - night booming up and over the fence , the yard be a veritable maze of old , rusted car , pile up helter skelter , freeze in time . Broken glass , mangle engine part , garbage and litter ... along with hundred of spend shell casing , be scattered in the dirt . a caravan of utility vehicle roar in behind the semi , the convoy make a bead for the center of the yard . pick up the rear be a black roll -royce phantom ii . as they turn the last corner , the first thing we see be '' unearthly '' flare . dozen of they , bright as hell , lighting up the middle of the graveyard . the car come skidding to a stop . Dust swirl . ext . rolls-royce the rear door open , and cyrus kriticos , 5as , wealthy , immaculately dress , not a hair out of place , step out . his hand rest on a shiny , silver - head cane . he survey the flare , shake he head . cyrus they little crusade be wear thin . rafkin ( 0.s. ) I will give they this ... they be consistent . stepping out next be dennis rafkin , 20 , unshaven , jittery . he hold he head in he hand , massage he temple , obviously in pain . ( note : whenever we cut to rafkin we hear / sense a pierce tone , underscore the psychic wave he 's receive . ) Cyrus produce a thin , brown designer cigarette from a silver case . tap it as he speak . cyrus as cancer ... ( light he cigarette ) never bet against human nature , Dennis . you will always lose . behind he , rafkin suddenly lurch forward , rack by spasm . Cyrus turn , with slight concern -- cyrus be it bad tonight ? rafkin ( cough , shaking ) bad be one way of describe it , but somehow ... ( wiping he sweaty forehead ) ... insane seem more appropriate . rafkin double over in pain . dry heave . rafkin ( recover ) it 's my professional opinion that we get the hell out of here . now . two of Cyrus 's team , dress in assault gear , make they way over . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 3 . continued : cyrus ( ignore rafkin , be : flare ) noted . clean this place up , and locate we guest . Cyrus snap he finger . a assistant step forward with a large photo . when Cyrus turn around , he catch rafkin gulp down prescription drug . Cyrus strike the bottle out of rafkin 's hand with he cane . pink medicine run down rafkin 's face as he turn with rage . rafkin come on , Cyrus , I gotta take the edge off . cyrus you know the routine . first thing first . now where be he ? Cyrus hold it in the limo headlight ; a aerial photo of the graveyard . rafkin , close he eye , reach out towards the photo with one hand , then touch the earth with the other . a silent moment . cyrus where ? then a huge spark arc between the psychic and the ground . rafkin jolt back , as if shocked . rafkin sweet Jesus , Cyrus , there 's get to be over forty victim here ! I think you say this guy kill twenty people . cyrus twenty when he be alive . he 's add a few more since then . now where 's the breaker , Dennis ? rafkin ignore the photo , and point at a spot deep inside the auto graveyard . Cyrus grab a headset from the Assistant . cyrus ( into microphone ) all team go to alpha . I repeat !-- thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 4 . ext . auto graveyard - night team of man pile out of the vehicle . the back of the semi be open , revealing rack of remote- operate amplifier . other unload inch-thick , eight - foot -square sheet of glass , rimmed with aluminum pipe , and inscribe with ancient text . the glass sheet be assemble to form a large cube . array of flood lamp illuminate the canyon of the wreck yard in stark white . one side of the cube remain open ... allow entry and -- ready to come down in theory , and close the improvise " mousetrap . " rafkin walk up behind Cyrus , still massage he temple . rafkin where would he get a name like the breaker anyway ? he a truck driver ? cyrus it 's simply folklore at work . the local color exorcise its demon ... just then , a hideous howl echoes through the night -- part human , part god-know - what . everyone stop . rafkin swallow hard . toss away the empty prescription drug bottle , then open a extra-large jar of aspirin , pop a few into he mouth , crunch they like mint . cyrus '' ++ . or maybe it 's because he break he victim into as many piece as possible . ( exhaling smoke ) who 's to say ...? rafkin cute ... a shrill cacophony of metal and glass erupt from the maze of the graveyard . a large , dense object fly out of the darkness and crash down in front of they in a cloud of dust . it 's a crush car . Cyrus sigh ... ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 5. continued : cyrus I hate be rush . rafkin Cyrus , this one be not like the other ... ( off the team ) do they know what we be up against ? cyrus this man be well pay . that 's all they need to know . rafkin but this be suicide ... cyrus then I will match they price ... and yours . rafkin you do not have that kind of money . cyrus you would be surprised ... now get to work . this take rafkin by surprise . he turn , take a step towards Cyrus . Cyrus back up , he cane instantly at rafkin 's chest , keep he distant . rafkin become suspicious . rafkin what be you hide , old man ? cyrus careful , Dennis , curiosity kill the cat . damon ( 0.s . ) son-of-a-bitch ! they both turn to see four team member drag a attractive man and woman , damon quinteros and kalina oretzia , over to Cyrus . damon 's a handsome chap with a righteous fire in he eye . kalina , he lover , be equally fiery , late 20 , tough and sexy . she cradle in she arm a ancient book . damon how can you possibly justify what you be do , Cyrus ? it 's out and out slavery . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 6 . continued : ( 2 ) rafkin aw , jeezus , here we go again . cyrus damon quinteros and kalina oretzia . every time I hunt must I scrape you off the bottom of my shoe ? kalina this be not animal you be trapping ! they be human being ! cyrus why do not you guy go join greenpeace or throw blood on the old lady ' fur coat , for Christ 's sake ... we have business . kalina ( to Cyrus ) bastard ! who be you to play God ?! cyrus play 's for child . I be go to be God . damon you will never pull it off ! not without the right spell . that and the thirteenth ghost ! rafkin turn , alarmed . rafkin Thirteenth ? cyrus get they out of my sight . we have waste enough time as it be . the team strap damon and kalina to some car wreckage . assistant ( v.o. ) ( on headphone ) all team in position , Mr. kritico . cyrus excellent ... set up the transmitter . Cyrus turn away from they as he slip on a pair of ghost glass . the rest of the team around the graveyard do so as well . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 7 . continued : ( 3 ) Cyrus start to climb a wall of car for a better view of he battlefield . rafkin ( call after he ) wait a minute ! the breaker 's number twelve ! you say we need twelve ! cyrus yes , and then one more . I think you be psychic . rafkin you know it do not work like that -- ext . top of car pile cyrus we have not get the time to argue ... ( into microphone ) now bring in the bait ! nearby , a silver tanker roll into the canyon of car . rafkin ( into mike ) we never need bait before -- on cyrus cyrus ( into mike ) insurance . I can not afford to lose this one . ext . auto graveyard - night a team member open the truck 's valve : huge stream of blood gush out from both side , via two nozzle , flooding the area around the cube . rafkin 's jaw drop . on Cyrus , smile . cyrus power up the cube ! somewhere a switch be throw and the cube light up . the symbol etched on its surface glow a brilliant green . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 8. continued : cyrus ( into mike ) base . start transmit . rafkin ( v.o . ) ( over headset ) but we have not recall the team yet . they will be stick out there with -- cyrus ( into mike ) just start the transmission ! int . suburban tech you hear the man . start broadcasting the spell -- another tech flip a switch , roll a reel - to- reel deck . we boom out the door to the antenna , and hear a high - frequency whine , mix with the sound of repetitive chanting . spell be read , over and over in Latin . ext . CENTER of auto graveyard deep inside , at the sound of the chanting , there come another ungodly howl , angrier than before . with team along the perimeter , place the amplifier , shock instantly register with the team when they realize the transmission have begin , leave they expose . ext . top of car pile somewhere near Cyrus there 's a angry howl . Cyrus turn and look out over the auto graveyard , smile . cyrus ( under he breath ) come out , come out , wherever you be ... ( continued ) 10 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 9 . continued : 9 team two leader ( v.o. ) ( on headset ) we have get movement , Cyrus , head south -- we hear a crash of metal and , on the headset , a confusion of scream . with rafkin the scream of the man fill the air . rafkin Christ , Cyrus ... what have you do ? off to the side , damon and kalina strain against the rope . damon Dennis , listen ! he 's not tell you the whole story ! his spell will not work with this one . they be not strong enough . trust I on this ... I know ... trust I . kalina listen to he , Dennis . he know what he 's talk about . rafkin sorry , guy ... I be just here for the paycheck . ext . another part of auto graveyard 10 we see another team race down a alley . they turna corner . one of they slip on something wet . he get up , realize he 's slip in the unravelle remain of one of team two . team member oh , shit ... team member # 2 ( look over partner 's shoulder ) mother of ... his partner turn as a great shape loom ... ( continued ) 10 11 12 10 . continued : 10 abruptly , something reach down and snatch a team member up and out of frame . his partner glance back , see he friend yank up a wall of car , then into the wreckage . ext . top of car pile - continuous action 11 a explosion of blood spatter from inside the break windshield . a hand struggle against the glass . a friend die a horrific death . ext . across from pile of car - continuous action 12 as hideous scream fill the air , the team member turn and start climb the other side . rafkin round a turn , see the team member climb up the wall of car . the team member look back as they approach . team member # 3 run ! it 's right behind I -- suddenly , a squeal of metal as something invisible reach through the grill of the car and grab the team member by the waist . he scream as he be fold over , backwards , and yank into the grill of the car . rafkin rush toward he . we hear bone break as the team member scream . the breaker , unseen on the far side of the heap of car , yank on he victim , over and over , smash the team member 's chin against the grill , try to pull he through . rafkin do the best he can to pull the man free , but it seem hopeless . the man scream and scream . abruptly , rafkin 's effort seem , at last , to work . with a mighty tug , he tumble back and fall to the ground . look down and see that he hold only the man 's foot . the wall of car begin to move before rafkin . he leap just as the wall come crash down . rafkin scramble and run full bore back the way he come . he look back , speak into he mike : rafkin Cyrus , the spell be not work ! he 's tear this place apart ! ( continued ) 12 13 11 . continued : 12 cyrus ( v.o. ) ( on headset ) calm down . rafkin you calm down ! the son-of -a-bitch be throw car at I ! cyrus ( v.o. ) ( on headset ) History have no time for coward , Mr. rafkin . rafkin History 's all we be gonna be in about two second ! ext . auto graveyard - with rafkin 13 rafkin turn a corner and run past two team member head in the opposite direction . rafkin hey , goddamnit , you be run the wrong way ! they do not slow down . rafkin ( to himself ) amateur ... rafkin turn a corner and realize why the team member be run this way . a car at the end of this alley be tip up on its bumper , its undercarriage face they , and be move toward they , fast . rafkin and another team member , deeper in the alley , hear the howl of the breaker behind the float car . rafkin Jesus H. Christ ! run !! rafkin run , but the team member do not , stunne by the sight , remain freeze . suddenly the car stop -- and lift straight up into the air over he . team member be Pov - through ghost vision glass the breaker come into clear view for a fraction of a second . he 's huge , seven foot tall , acromegalic , the bone beneath the skin swollen and distort . ( continued ) 13 14 15 12 . continued : 13 he stare with burn eye above a huge distend jaw . he wear , prosaically , a filthy tatter garage uniform , he name stitched above the pocket . his face , chest and arm be pockmark with bullet hole dating from he untimely death . he take the car that he hold overhead and slam it down . the team member dodge out of the way , but the breaker pick up the car again and slam it down again , squashing he . and then , again . and then , for good measure , once again . ext . auto graveyard - with rafkin 14 rafkin tear down the alleyway . he turn a corner just as the wall behind he collapse . he 's look down a passage fill with team member , with the cube serve as its plug : a dead end . it seem the breaker have everyone trap , instead of vice versa . everyone run toward the cube , splash through pool of blood . breaker' Pov the team member and rafkin scatter before we . Men climb up the wall of wreckage as the invisible breaker plow through , send man fly high into the air . rafkin slam hard against the wall , drop to the ground . ext . glass cube 15 a team member run , look over he shoulder at the pursue breaker . he do not see where he 's go and run straight against a blood-splashed glass wall . he 's blunder into the glass cube . in a instant , the breaker 's inside with he . his entry trip a unseen switch . the final glass wall slide down , sealing the cube . as it do , the howling , and the team member 's scream , drop to silence . Inside the cube , something awful happen , but we can not see through the smear of blood . rafkin regains he sense , scramble towards the cube . ( continued ) 15 16 13 . continued : 15 rafkin no ! oh , Christ , no -- Inside the cube , the breaker turn , realize he 's be trap , launch himself at the bloody sheet of glass , press he face to it , howl . rafkin recoil as the breaker pound at the glass . with each ghostly blow , the symbol glow red , but the glass seem to have the power to contain the force : it hold . rafkin oh , that piss you off , do it ? you know what piss I off ? a dead_guy throw buick at I ! rafkin eye the horror , then tug off he glass . the breaker disappear . rafkin collapse in exhaustion . rafkin ( into microphone ) I gotta hand it to you , Cyrus , the bait work . you get you dozen now . happy ? ( beat ) Cyrus ? kalina ( 0.s. ) ( scream , desperate ) help ! somebody , please ! oh God ! ext . auto graveyard - tanker - moment later 16 rafkin round a pile of car , and see ... kalina , on the ground , hold a die damon in she arm . his throat have be slit , and kalina hold she hand over the gash , try to keep he from die . but it 's no use ... he die . kalina sob . rafkin 's in awe , perhaps ashamed . rafkin turn nervously away . and there , he see Cyrus 's Assistant lie , dead , bloody and break . and beyond he , lie Cyrus himself . Cyrus 's neck have be pierce by a long , metal shard . his eye stare , cold and dead . rafkin bring he hand to he head , distraught , almost weepy . ( continued ) 16 17 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 14 . continued : 16 rafkin Cyrus ... oh , man ... look at you ... there go my bonus . suddenly , someone grab he arm , and spin he around . it 's kalina . she 's sobbing and shaking Cyrus 's glass in rafkin 's face . kalina be it worth it ? huh ? play God ! be it ...? off rafkin 's shell - shocked look , we pan over to see the ghost of one of the tech , rip apart and bloody , study the scene . dissolve to : int . large bedroom - morning 17 a bright , sunny day ... through a glass window we see and hear two child out play in the yard . a norman rockwell , picture - perfect set ... a young boy and a teenage girl romp in the grass , then up to the window step a beautiful woman , fresh from the garden . it 's obvious she 's the mother of this two . over the giggle of the kid she smile at arthur kriticos , 50 , sit inside he bedroom , in a very comfortable chair , take in he family with pride . we pan to Arthur as he smile , content ... a sharp knock on the bedroom door break the mood , and Arthur turn . we uncut camera continue to pan to the door . as it do , it sweep across a desk decorate with family photo , one of which be the woman at the window . camera continue to the door , where we notice the wall and door around kathy , Arthur 's 21 - year - old daughter , have somehow age from the pristine room we think we be in . Kathy stick she head in . pretty if she ever have time to fix she hair , clad in a University of calumny sweatshirt . she stir a pan of burnt scramble egg . kathy dad ... it 's almost eight - thirty ... shake a leg . you will miss you first class . and could you tell maggie to get the hell out of the bathroom . she have she five minute twenty minute ago . ( continued ) 17 18 15 . continued : 17 the door slam shut again . we uncut camera continue to pan around the room . as it do , the wall begin to age drastically , picture disappear , book vanish from they shelf . the room , and all its promise , simply slip away . by the time we get to the bed , we notice only one side be occupy . the other lie fallow . we uncut camera return to Arthur , who sit , unshaven , in a decrepit chair , stare out at the brick wall lie just outside the window , not ten foot from he . go be the world he know , the beauty of a home , the sound of a family laugh in the summertime heat . they be replace by the angry cacophony of the inner city street , its claustrophobic condition , its hopeless yoke . we camera continue past Arthur , returning to the desk . all be go save one ; the picture of he wife , which sit char and frameless , propped up against a stack of bill . int . hallway - moment later 18 Arthur come out of the bathroom and behold , in the kitchenette of he small , cramped three - bedroom apartment ... a blur of activity : Kathy cook at the stove , he son bobby , 7 , eat a bowl of cereal at the kitchen table , while scan the obituary section of the newspaper . he record the different , humorous death with a microphone and a tape recorder . in the b.g. , on the television , a black and white horror movie drone on ( the original thirteen ghost ) . the nanny , maggie , 26 , just get in the way ... wiping the counter , pour the oj , set the table . it 's a very disorganize way of do thing . she 's try , sort of , but we can see from Kathy 's body language that she 's at she wit ' end with the woman . bobby today on ' death in Manhattan this Morning , ' we notice a small leap in heart attack in the city , cancer death be down . and we have a special treat for everyone ! -- a body be find this morning decapitulate , decapilate , de -- ( continued ) 16 . 18 continued : 18 maggie crack up . Kathy turn toward he , nonpluss . kathy Bobby . find a healthier hobby . Bobby shut off the tape recorder , angry at the interruption . bobby Kathy , I be broadcasting ! Arthur enter , chipper . arthur ' Morning , everyone ! bobby dad , they find a guy without a head in a dumpster behind dunkin ' donut . arthur that 's nice . maggie ruffle Bobby 's hair . Arthur pour himself a cup of coffee , sidle up to Kathy . arthur ( sotto voce ) Kathy , why do not you let maggie make breakfast ? that 's why I hire she . kathy ( also sotto ) have you taste she cooking ? Kathy make a gag response while scoop egg onto the first of three place on the counter . he look at the egg burn in effigy but continue smile . bobby dad , will you tell Kathy that keep a record of death be healthy because it 's in the interest of science ? arthur Kathy , it 's healthy . bobby she 's be a real slut about it . ( continued ) 18 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 maggie Bobby , do not call you sister a slut . kathy thank you , maggie . maggie a term like ' bitch ' would be more appropriate . ' slut ' be a term reserve for that of loose sexual moral , something , to be perfectly frank , Kathy could use a bit more of . kathy ha. ha . maggie well , it 's true , girl . when 's the last time you have a date ? Arthur pretend to not be disturb by the conversation around he , smile and nodd . kathy why be you smile ? arthur I be pretend you be all perfectly normal . it 's work pretty well , too ... Arthur turn toward the table , and hold a plate of food and he coffee ... arthur hey , Edgar allan poe , you finish you homework ? Mr. Petersen tell I you be not -- ... trip on Bobby 's scooter . the hot coffee spill all over he . he fall back into the counter , knock the pan of egg to the floor . arthur Jesus Christ , that 's the third time I trip on that thing , Bobby . get it off the floor before it kill someone . bobby sorry . ( continued ) 18 . 18 continued : ( 3 ) 18 kathy ( to herself ) if we have a bigger place we would not have this problem !-- arthur ( overhear she ) well , we do not have a bigger place , so let 's just keep we stuff off the floor . alright ? Arthur wipe off he pants , but it 's just one big stain . suddenly , there 's a buzz at the door . everyone go silent ... Kathy look to Arthur , who check he watch . arthur shit ... I forget , the lawyer . kathy what lawyer ? ( beat ) I think we credit be all clean up ? arthur no , no . it 's not that . Arthur go to the door , mop he crotch . BEN Mr. kritico ? arthur Brad moss ? BEN ( outstretch he hand ) Ben , yes , how do you do ? Arthur shake he hand . Ben can not help but notice the stain in Arthur 's trousers . arthur Fine . come in . BEN now a good time ? arthur could not be better . 19 19 . int . kitchenette - few minute later 19 everyone sit at the kitchen table . Bobby be dress for school , Arthur be change . Ben set up a laptop computer . BEN as you know , I represent the estate of you uncle Cyrus kritico . kathy I do not know you have a uncle Cyrus . arthur have . I meet he a couple of time as a kid . my dad always dislike he . Said he squander the family fortune . kathy we have a family fortune ? arthur well , no . Cyrus squander it . do not I just say that ? maggie ( to Bobby ) be not this exciting ? you have a late uncle ! bobby what 's he late for ? kathy his next birthday . bobby ( the penny drop ) you mean he 's dead ? kathy now we get he attention . BEN this message be record by Cyrus six month ago . he ask that it be play for you in the event of he death ... Ben insert a dvd into the laptop . Cyrus 's image appear on the screen , distort from the angle of the monitor . ( continued ) 19 20 . continued : 19 cyrus ( v.o. ) ( on computer ) Arthur . good to talk to you . Ben tilt the screen forward . Cyrus come clearly into view . he smoke one of he thin brown cigarettes . cyrus ( v.o. ) ( on computer ) sadly , if you be watch I now , that mean I be no longer among the live . happily , that make you and you family my sole beneficiary . the family member look at one another with anticipation . cyrus ( v.o. ) ( on computer ) I have instruct my lawyer , Mr. moss , to deliver to you the essential of my last will and testament . Ben produce a small box , lay it on the table , open it . Inside the silk - line interior be a large , odd - look key . kathy a key ? arthur a key to what ? cyrus ( v.o. ) ( on computer ) a key to you new house . a series of window on the computer screen open to reveal a series of photo of a astonish modernist masterpiece . we see the interior . live room , bedroom , kitchen , bathroom . everyone at the table gasp . kathy bathroom . look , every bedroom have a bathroom ! cyrus ( v.o. ) ( on computer ) this house be the fruit of my life 's work . it 's a one -of - a-kind home . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 continued : 21 . ( 2 ) 19 cyrus ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I have lead a interesting life , see many amazing thing . the only regret I have be that I never really get to know my nephew Arthur . this house be my attempt to make up for that . enjoy . perhaps we will meet again in another life . Cyrus smile . the screen go blank . Arthur can not believe he eye . nor he good fortune . bobby wow . kathy when can we see it ? BEN the house be yours . whenever you like . kathy ( to Arthur ) can we go tonight ? BEN ( to Arthur ) I be plan on head out there after work . the direction be a little fuzzy . if you want to , you wife and kid could follow I out -- maggie I be not he wife . Kathy roll she eye . arthur my wife , um , she um -- bobby we mom get burnt to death ina fire . kathy Bobby ... bobby what ? it 's true . ( continued ) 19 20 22 . continued : ( 3 ) 19 arthur Robert . that 's enough . ( to Ben ) so where be this place ? BEN a couple hour away . kathy great , we can stay the night , and come back in the morning . arthur we be not stay the night . bobby why not ? arthur because you have school in the morning , and I have to teach . we will go look at it , but we be come home tonight . ( to Kathy ) deal ? a smile creep across Kathy 's face give she answer ... CuT to : ext . damon' RELIGIOUS artifact store - day 20 pan around the cluttere close office at newspaper clipping hang on the wall . Black and white photo of newly dig up grave . autopsy picture of about a dozen decease individual , article underneath each picture describe they death . it 's a gruesome , graphic , reportage of thing we would rather not think about . the first be a suicide victim , find with she wrist slashed in she bathtub . another 's a archery accident involve a little boy . the list go on and_= on , end with a serial killer , one Frank mahoney , a.k.a . the breaker . continue panning past book on the occult , and damon 's phd degree in parapsychology . we land on kalina herself , stuff she wear satchel . a lamp illuminate a ancient book in front of she with handwritten note and drawing inside . she close the book and stuff it in she satchel . ( continued ) 23 . 20 continued : 20 pull in tight on a short newspaper article , feature a photo of Cyrus : " noted adventurer die at 57 " in the article , underline in red pen , be the word , '' survive by one Arthur kritico ... " CuT to : 21 ext . ben' mercede - night 21 Ben drive , he check he rearview mirror for Arthur and family , to see if they be keep up . 22 int . arthur be car - following 22 Arthur drive with Kathy beside he . Bobby and maggie be in the back seat , play hangman . his microphone 's lie on the seat beside he . maggie c'mon ... you be take too long . bobby S ... U ... f... suffocate ! I get it ! I win ! kathy come on , you guy , we be almost there . Arthur can tell he daughter 's anxious . arthur excite ? kathy yeah , Mom would have freak over this . arthur ( chuckle sadly ) you be right ... Kathy look out the window . a awkward beat pass between they ... arthur so you look forward to go back to school ? ( continued ) 22 22a continued : 24 , 22 kathy dad . I have be think ... arthur what ? kathy maybe I should not , you know , go back . I could skip a year , be with you guy -- arthur Kathy . c'mon , you can not do that ... remember how proud Mom be when that acceptance letter show up in the mail . kathy I know , I just do not know what you guy be gonna do without I . Kathy 's face flush with emotion . ext . car arthur baby . Bobby and I will manage . besides , thing look like they just get a little better . kathy yeah , but that 's not the point . it 's just that ... every smile you have be -- arthur honey -- kathy it 's ... not real , dad . Arthur 's affect by she word . kathy I love she too . but sooner or later you have get to stop blame yourself . 22a Arthur pull up behind Ben 's car in the f.g. 22 B 23 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 25 . int . car 22b Bobby look through the front window , between Kathy and he dad . bobby cool ! everyone react ... kathy dad , it 's beautiful . arthur oh my god. ext . house a enormous and majestic house make of glass nestle amongst pine tree . Stark against the evening sky , the house be awe -inspire . even for a English teacher , Arthur have a hard time find the word . there 's also a power & Light truck park in front . ext . house - front porch - night 23 the group approach the front door . it look unusual , yes , but it 's also a undeniable architectural marvel . BEN that 's strange . a young man appear , wait in the solitary light of the porch , a clipboard in he hand and a tool belt sling over he shoulder . he 's dress in a power & Light uniform , and on closer inspection we see that it 's rafkin , in disguise . he approach the family . rafkin ' Bout time someone get here . you the owner ? BEN who be you ? rafkin the power guy . I do not know if you be aware of it , but this place keep knock out the power in the tri-quad area . so if you do not mind , I need to check the breaker inside . ( continued ) 23 24 26 . continued : 23 BEN could not you come back tomorrow ? rafkin well , I could -- I mean , I could Ben turn now . -- but , man , they frown upon that sort of thing , my boss . BEN that 's not we problem -- rafkin look , I have only be do this job for , like , three week . if you could find it in you heart -- arthur sure . to Arthur . after all , it be Arthur 's house rafkin thanks ... arthur Arthur , Arthur kritico . rafkin hide he reaction . rafkin quite a place you get here . kathy yeah ... we be movin ' in . arthur one step at a time ... ext . house - entryway - moment later 24 outside the main structure be a entryway , with a inner and outer door , almost like a airlock . Arthur produce the odd key and slip it into the keyhole . the lock mechanism , visible within the glass , beckon . Arthur turn the key . as it turn , we hear the mechanism click and whir . then , oddly , the key be suck into the keyhole , everyone and vanish . look at the now - empty keyhole , then at each other , then back at the keyhole . ( continued ) 24 25 27 . continued : 24 arthur huh . kathy that 's ... odd . arthur must have , um , slip into the mechanism . we will have to get that look at . rafkin that do not look like it slip to I . I get a cousin who could fix that -- bobby dad , you break it ! arthur Bobby , go to a station break , will ya ? bobby huh ? arthur give it a rest . Bobby reluctantly click off the recorder . int . clockwork room - continuous action 25 in the basement of the house , in a dark space we see a tiny pendulum within a delicate , antique set of gear come to life . as we pull away , rune of odd description come into view , etched on ivory plate , the plate attach to lever and meter stand poise , wait ... the light in the room suddenly flicker on . we pull away from the odd bit of machinery , see it for what it be : a control panel of some kind . we retreating camera then become engulf by what look to be a huge set of gear , make of brass and steel , stand by . we pull out the other side of the gear , view the machinery 's massive size , the gear work nearly fifteen foot high , dominate a room fill with pulley and steel cable . thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 28 . 26 ext . house - continuous action 26 light flicker on from within the house , allow we to see inside . the most strike thing about it be that the house be entirely transparent . even the interior wall be make of glass , put the furniture , fixture and all the expensive - look antique decoration on stark display . everyone stare at the alarming edifice , fascinate . bobby how . weird . arthur apparently Cyrus be not too keen on privacy . kathy I hope the bathroom 's in the basement . Arthur push the door open , and they enter ... 27 int . MAIN floor - continuous action 27 the group come into the entryway . like a airlock , the outer door close before the inner one will open . maggie I do mention I do not do window , do not I ? the wall of the entryway be line with rare ancient document in exquisite case , archeological treasure , recognizably priceless antique . the group look around , amaze . with fascination , Arthur study the text on the wall . arthur ( under he breath ) Latin ... kathy dad , this stuff must be worth a fortune . arthur yeah . that occur to I . with a huge smile Bobby reach for a ancient samurai sword on display . Arthur catch he in mid act . arthur in you dream , kiddo . ( continued ) 27 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 29 . continued : 27 they come to a great hall , a soar open space with a large stain glass ceiling and , strangely , a equally large brass and copper floor . with only one other door at its opposite end , the room be a great glass cube . rafkin ( under he breath ) ohhh , Cyrus . what do you do ... arthur okay . first rule . no throw stone . BEN it 's marvelous , be not it ? a live work of art . a few chuckle . but rafkin look troubled . sweat bead on he forehead . his head be kill he , and he 's rub incessantly on he temple . rafkin ( to Ben ) Excuse I , the sooner you show I where you hide the basement the sooner I be outta here -- BEN I believe it 's down the hall , second door on the right . rafkin walk off , hold he head , leave the other still examine the house . Bobby 's eye catch on the design in the floor make of a series of concentric metal ring . there 's a brass disk in the center , two foot in diameter , with symbol etched into its surface , spin slowly . Bobby go to place he foot on it , when Arthur lift he up . arthur do not touch anything . at least until we get some property insurance . he place Bobby down beside Kathy and maggie . BEN Arthur , we have some papers to sign in the library . after that , I will give you a tour of the place . Arthur turn to the three of they . ( continued ) 27 28 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 arthur I do not want you guy to move from this spot . we will be right back . kathy dad -- bobby what happen to check out we new dig ? arthur you can see it all from here . kathy dad ... you be be paranoid and overprotective . arthur yeah ... of all this stuff . I know you guy too well . ( point to spot ) stay . right . here . I mean it . the three of they nod , appease he . Arthur and Ben walk off . after a beat , Kathy , maggie and Bobby slip away ... int . basement 28 rafkin descend the stair . downstair be a maze of narrow glass corridor . not much else . it 's all very clean and sterile . not a spider web in the joint . in fact , there 's nothing alive down here . rafkin remove a pair of ghost glass . slip they on . a audio piercing gain in volume with every step rafkin take . through ghost glass rafkin alright , you sick bastard , where would you put my money ? as soon as rafkin reach the bottom step , he 's assault full force by the psychic wave around he . rafkin aaahh !! ( continued ) 28 29 31 . continued : 28 he keel over and vomit . the assault become too much , he collapse against a wall . when he double over in pain ... we reveal a ghost behind he in the glass . it 's a teenager from the ' 5as , a high - schooler in a letterman 's coat , the victim of a horrific auto crash . he hold a baseball bat menacingly over he shoulder . rafkin , sense its proximity , turn as the ghost swing the bat with all he might . instinctively rafkin leap back , but the glass hold the ghost hold . with exception of the red symbol that explode across its surface , the barrier remain intact . but the ghost within be suddenly go ... rafkin land with fright a few foot back up the hallway . rafkin sweet Jesus ... not you . as he turn about he , another ghost launch out of the darkness at he , only to be stop by the glass . it 's a older , pilgrimess woman in stock . rafkin 's jolted by this vision . he 's drive to the other side of the hallway . again , when he turn around , the ghost be go . he turn to face the fat man and the Little woman ghost . this send he fly . rafkin race back down the corridor in shock . soon he 's lose in the underground maze of glass , confuse by all the twist and turn . he finally reach the foot of the stair . and bolt up they .. CuT to : int . cyrus' library 29 ancient weapon be display hang on the wall . Arthur and Ben take they in . arthur be Cyrus a hunter ? ( continued ) 29 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 32 . continued : 29 BEN you could say that . Arthur 's attention be now draw to the rare collection of book pile up against the wall . we pan , following Arthur , discover a pair of ghost glass on a shelf . arthur this be incredible , chaucer , dicken , hemingway ... this be all first edition . Arthur carefully handle the book . BEN you uncle be quite a collector . of many thing . Ben remove a folder of papers from he briefcase . lay they across the desk . hand Arthur a pen . Arthur reluctantly pull himself away from collection . BEN I have highlight where you be suppose to sign . ( indicate ) first here -- Arthur take the pen from he , pause . arthur look , I do not want to bring this up in front of the kid . this place ... it 's amazing , and we be extremely grateful , believe I , but I do not know how we can afford it ... I be just a teacher ... and the tax on it must be ... well , to be honest ... ( long beat , almost to himself ) ... a fire take away everything we have ... BEN not to worry , Arthur , you uncle be a genius with finances . he take care of everything . estate tax . inheritance tax , you name it . you will never have to worry about money ever again . Arthur take this in . scan the document . find the highlight area , and be just about to sign , when ... ( continued ) 29 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 33. continued : ( 2 ) 29 rafkin ( 0.s. ) Arthur !! Arthur look up and see -- rafkin stand in the doorway , look horrible , out of breath , try like hell to shed the vomit-staine power & Light jumpsuit he 's be wear . rafkin ( panicked , rambling ) we gotta talk . Arthur look with panic at Ben . arthur what the hell 's wrong with the breaker ? rafkin my name 's Dennis rafkin , and I -- BEN shit , you be Dennis rafkin ? ( to Arthur ) my office warn I about this guy . rafkin ( a urgency in he voice ) you gotta listen to I ... this be gonna be hard to swallow ... but I use to hunt displace spiritual energy ... with you uncle . arthur what ? rafkin ... p.k. agent , revenant , eidolon , umbras , wraith ... any of this ring a bell ? Arthur look back and forth from the lawyer to the vomit- stain psychic , thoroughly confuse . rafkin take a beat . rafkin alright , let 's do this the easy way . ghost , Arthur . I use to hunt ghost with you uncle Cyrus and -- arthur ghost ?? Ben start laugh , more loudly than be appropriate . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 34 , 29 continued : ( 3 ) 29 rafkin ( roll he eye , state the obvious ) disgruntle soul trap on earth because of unfinish business , yes . ( to Arthur ) listen , you gotta get you kid and get the hell out of here , now . BEN this be one for the book . I never meet a real live lunatic before . rafkin hey , asshole , I be not talk to you . you can stay in here as long as you want . ( to Arthur ) I know it sound crazy , but this be serious . the basement be fill with containment cube . if I be you -- BEN Arthur , this guy 's be call my office since you uncle die . I see it all the time . some rich guy pass away , and then all the nut come out . next thing you know , he will be claim Cyrus owed he money . rafkin you be damn right he do . it 's bad enough I have to , um talk you secretary into tell I where you would be so I could get pay -- oh , by the way , she genuinely think you be a real bucket of shit -- ( to Arthur ) but I do not give a damn about that . all I care about be get my ass outta here . I suggest you do the same . arthur look , I do not know what 's go on , but -- rafkin 's headache start in again , hard . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 35 . 29 continued : ( 4 ) 29 rafkin shit , either one of you get any aspirin , ibuprofen , acetaminophen , midol ? anything , I -- arthur what 's the matter ? you alright ? he find a bottle of pain reliever in he pocket , try to get it open , but he finger be tremble in pain . rafkin goddamn childproof cap ... rafkin fumble with the bottle . Arthur reach out to give he a hand . when he make contact , rafkin receive a series of flash : 29a flashback - arthur' previous dream 29a Jean 's in front of the slide glass door , with the kid outside play . the image begin to blur and pound forward with amazing speed , then -- end of flashback . back to library arthur hey , buddy . you okay ? rafkin look around , register where he be . on the floor . rafkin yeah , shit , my head ... Arthur reach out to help he up . rafkin recoil . rafkin do not . touch I . rafkin sit up and look around , can not see Ben . rafkin where would alley mcbeal go ? ( cover ' where would the suit go ? " ) CuT to : 30 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 35a . int . basement - continuous action 30 Ben 's head downstairs , the same way rafkin just come . when he get to the bottom of the stair he take out a pen light , and flick it on . start to head down the center corridor . now we be think to ourselves , what the hell 's this guy do , and where the hell 's he go ? to make matter worse , he remove a pair of that ghost glass from he pocket . slip they on . now we be even more curious ... BEN ( shaking he head ) power guy ... what a idiot ... through ghost glass he pass by the first room . inside be the 1950s ritchie cunningham look -alike . he shoulder he bat , watch moss 's every move through dead eye . BEN hey , Babe Ruth , stop stare ... as Ben pass , the ghost suddenly disappear . he move on ... ( continued ) 30 31 32 33 36 . continued : 30 Inside the next be a boy , sevenish , hold a tomahawk , dress in a cowboy outfit with a hunt arrow through he head . BEN next time learn to duck ... he turn a corner , follow the path know only to he . it lead the lawyer to a dead end . Ben feel along the edge of the panel . the glass door snap open , lightning fast . Ben grin , then carefully step in ... int . clockwork room - continuous action 31 Ben make he way around the huge gear work , and approach the control panel . smiling , the lawyer spot a black briefcase sit on a scale next to the mechanism . BEN I gotta hand it to you , Cyrus kritico , you be a man of you word . Ben pick up the briefcase ; as he do , it set off a trigger beneath it . the house begin to make noise . behind he , gear grinding , whirring , clicking , clunking . something have be turn on . Ben hardly notice ; he 's intent on the briefcase . he open it . it 's fill with bundle of cash . Ben smile , still nervous . he close the briefcase , and leave the room with it . ext . house 32 from outside the house we witness the unbelievable . room shift , wall migrate , the whole of the house reconfigure its architecture to accommodate some hide agenda within . int . study - same time 33 rafkin and Arthur also witness a change . from they perspective , they can see from the inside what the outside be do . it 's obvious by they share look that maybe it 's time to take they argument outside . ( continued ) 33 34 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 37 . continued : 33 rafkin look , I do not know what 's go on here , but if you care about that family of yours , get they out of this house . Arthur do not need convincing . arthur I will take you word for it . they quickly rush out of the study , and over to the entryway . but the kid and maggie be not there ... arthur Kathy ... maggie ... Bobby !! int . corridor - continuous action 34 no one answer Arthur 's cry . arthur I tell they not to leave this spot . rafkin they be kid , what do you expect ? arthur alright , fine , you check downstairs , I will check up . Arthur take off around the corner . rafkin stare at the basement door . rafkin ( to himself ) there 's no way in hell I be go back down there ... ( beat ) time for this psychic to leave ... he take a few step towards the front door , as Arthur 's voice echoes through the house , look for he kid . rafkin ( hesitate ) shit , shit , shit ... rafkin watch as a set of glass panel close across the front door , sealing they in . 35 36 37 38 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 38 . int . staircase - with arthur 35 he reach the top of the stair lead up to the second level , when he hit glass . the stair have be seal off from the shift in the house . arthur Bobby . Kathy ! Arthur bang like a madman on the glass . arthur ( begin yell ) Bobby !! Kathy !! finally the house relent . the glass barrier slide open . Arthur bolt down the hallway . int . basement - with BEN - same time 36 Ben head back the way he come , wear the glass . he walk past the room again . as he approach one , a naked female suicide victim with dead eye , she wrist slashed , she bloodstain hand wield a knife , come up to the glass . Ben stop to check she out . BEN what 's the matter ? life get you down ? the suicide stare at he now with hatred . her entire eye be ink black , she face sallow , suck in , she runny mascara stain cascade down she bloodless cheek . she launch herself against the glass , claw and scratch to get to he . Ben shudder , think he might have cross a line , begin to back away . as the basement around Ben moss suddenly begin to shift . the lawyer turn about , watch with unrest as the mechanical gear all around he engage ... shifting room ... rearranging wall ... int . clockwork room - continuous action 37 on the control panel , the first lever in the row of symbol suddenly shift forward . int . basement - continuous action 38 open door ... ( continued ) 38 39 40 41 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 39 . continued : 38 Ben turn to see the door that hold the suicide back slide open . BEN hey , I be only kid ... the ghost step into the hallway towards Ben , block the route to the stair . Ben back - pedal in horror . back right into a open doorway ... as he step over the threshold , there 's a flicker of light in the doorway , and a sharp snick . Ben stand in the doorway , surprised , apparently paralyze . his glass tumble off he face , stem slice through . the briefcase in he hand also seem to be slice . half of it fall and halve of dollar bill spill out onto the floor . Ben slowly slide to the ground . or at least he front half do . the glass door have snap shut like a razor blade . bisect he laterally , slice straight through he body . his front half slide down , revealing , for a second , a cross sectional view of he back half on the far side of the glass . as Ben 's remain collapse wetly to the floor , the suicide smile and vanish ... int . clockwork room - continuous action 39 above the row of lever we see a series of 13 meter at the base of the pendulum . all read . the needle on the first meter suddenly dive deep into the red . int . great hall - continuous action 40 on the floor of the great hall , the ring stop spin with a click . the symbol on the innermost ring ( the same as the one in the basement ) have line up with its mate on the disk . CUT to : int . second floor - hallway - night 41 Kathy , Bobby and maggie be walk around , examine everything ... still excited , oblivious to what 's go on downstairs . ( continued ) 41 42 40 . continued : 41 Kathy pass by one of the bedroom , and break off from the other two to check it out . kathy I will be in here . Bobby and maggie continue on . Bobby turn on he microphone . bobby ( recording ) we be now upstairs ... and there 's ... more glass . Bobby click off the microphone . then remove he scooter from he bag . bobby Race you to the end of the hall ...? maggie I really do not think you should be riding that in -- and suddenly maggie break out into a sprint . Bobby quickly jump on he scooter , but he 's too far behind to catch up . bobby hey , you cheat ! they reach the end of the hall . bobby that be not fair , I do not say start . maggie gotta be on you toe , kid . maggie walk into one of the room . Bobby follow she . int . bobby's bedroom 42 the room 's fill with all type of cool , macabre , boy stuff . a seven- year- old 's dream , if you be a dement seven - year-old . bobby this be definitely my room . ( continued ) 42 41 . continued : 42 maggie plop down on a bed make up with skull and crossbone sheet . she find a pair of ghost glass lie on the bedside table . put they on . maggie so , do I look cool ? bobby no , you look like a dork ... but the nanny be not listen . she sit there , slack - jaw . maggie ( look through glass ) my God ... this be ... incredible ... maggie' Pov through ghost glass the etched glass symbol on the wall have be add to with flow red , glow symbol . not only do they weave in and about the wall , but they create a path on the floor that lead right out the door . back to scene bobby what ? lemme see . maggie one second . bobby c'mon ... Bobby grab at they . maggie take they off . maggie alright , alright ... here ... Bobby put they on , and react . bobby cool ! Bobby grab he scooter and mike , and take off down the hall . maggie give chase , but it 's obvious she 's not go to catch he . he zoom in and out of the bedroom , up and down the hall , follow the glow red path . ( continued ) 42 42a 43 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 42 he take a couple of turn when he realize he may have go too far . the boy have become lose in all the glass . Bobby be alone . bobby maggie ...? Bobby start scoot again , only this time with a bit more urgency . he pass a open door , which open into a set of stair head down . he stop , back up , then glance down . at the bottom of the nearest landing , he catch the glimpse of a figure stand . the female figure be in silhouette , and she head be tilt oddly to one side , though from this distance , we can not see why . bobby Kathy ?? the figure oddly shuffles off . bobby c'mon , kath , stop play game . with he scooter under he arm , Bobby head downstairs , into the darkness of the house . bobby I be gonna tell dad ... CuT to : int . corridor 42a maggie look tired of search for Bobby . suddenly something 0.s. catch she eye . maggie whoa ... what 's go on . int . kathy' bedroom ( second floor ) 43 Kathy walk in , but not before she notice that , from the hallway , the room appear to be empty . the glass door , we now realize , be " trick " glass . kathy this place be awesome . Kathy walk over to the bed . plop down , sink into all the silk . her half - close eye tell we -- puurrfect . ( continued ) 43 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 42a. continued : 43 out of the corner of she eye , she spot a door ajar , with the light on inside . kathy no way ... she slip off the bed , open the door , revealing she new bathroom . and if ever a room could be carve from a single diamond , this be it . kathy now that 's what I be talkin ' about ! 44 43 . int . bathroom 44 it 's spectacular . immaculate . and not only spacious , but appoint . the shelf be stack with jewel- like bottle of perfume . Kathy 's wet dream . as we view she from beneath the glass shelf , she begin inspect she own find treasure . everything seem to be unashamedly brand - new . kathy we have strike gold . another angle what she also do not notice be a pair of ghost glass lie on the sink . the camera zoom in through the lense , so that we be now look at the scene ... through ghost glass and a figure pass behind Kathy , jolting we . the figure head for the tub . the camera turn toward the figure , revealing a new level of hell . there 's blood spatter everywhere in the bathroom . we pan . the gore be overwhelming . still lose in she personal nirvana , Kathy nonchalantly stroll over to the bathtub , draw back its bloodstain curtain . in a tight shot , she run the water , which be blood-re . on the CUT , she bring it up to she face where it 's warm , clear and perfect . when she lean back a bit , we see the naked female suicide ghost lie in the bloody tub , wrist slashed , eye stare at Kathy , wickedly . Kathy do not see she , because she 's not wear the glass . two word be write in blood on the glass wall surround the tub : i'm sorry Kathy 's oblivious of the suicide , lose in the possibility of she bathroom . running she hand around the bloody water . she turn the water off ... and as soon as she do , a knife pierce the surface of the water . kathy it do not get any better than this . ( continued ) 44 44 n thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 44 , continued : 44 suddenly , the suicide rise up with the rest of she knife , reach for Kathy , when -- there 's banging on the bathroom door . Kathy bolt upright . back to scene we snap out of the ghost glass , and the bathroom 's back to normal . all clean glass block . a empty tub . Kathy open the lock bathroom door ... and Arthur 's stand there , piss . he yank she out of the bathroom , into the hall . arthur what the hell be you doin ' up here ? do not I tell you to stay downstairs ? kathy yeah , but -- arthur where 's you brother ? kathy with maggie ... maggie ( 0.s. ) he be with I . they turn to see maggie walk up to they . maggie but he scoot off . he 's around here somewhere . arthur you be suppose to watch he , that 's what I pay you for ! maggie ( start yell ) Bobby ! int . staircase 4on Arthur 's head downstairs with Kathy and maggie . arthur I will find he . but I want you both out of here ... ( continued ) 44 n 45 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 45 . continued : 44 n kathy but -- arthur no but . I want you guy to wait in the car , I will be out as soon as I find Bobby . kathy why be you freaking out ? arthur Kathy , just this once , do not argue . int . MAIN level 45 they reach the bottom of the stair , and head over to the front door . but there 's now a glass barrier in front of it , barring anyone from exit . kathy what happen to the door ? arthur Son of a bitch . Arthur pick up a chair and hurl it at the glass . it bounce off without a dent . he pick it up and start bang away . nothing . over the top of the noise a voice bellow out . arthur what a night I be have ! rafkin ( 0.s. ) it 's seal shut . they all turn to see rafkin sit on the couch . arthur what do you mean it 's seal shut ? rafkin I mean , it 's seal shut . what part of that code be you have trouble crack ? kathy there must be another way out . rafkin I have look . ( continued ) 45 46 46a thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 46 . continued : 45 arthur well , we be gonna look again ... right after we find my son . now get up ... rafkin thanks , but I will wait here . arthur look , I do not know what the hell 's go on and I do not know who the hell you be ... but my son 's miss . so until that question be answer , you be not leave my sight . now get up . rafkin be startle by Arthur 's tone . he reluctantly get up to help . rafkin oh. now you listen to I . before it be the lawyer ... ( beat , realize ) ... speak of lawyer . he split ? CuT to : int . clockwork room 46 the gear kick in once again , and the house come to life . it 's a quick shift . but we notice that the gear be move at a accelerate rate . CuT to : int . basement 46a two more door open within the basement . CuT to : int . clockwork room at the base of the clockwork , two more needle from the 13 meter go out . Three ghost be now loose ... CuT to : 47 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 46a . int . basement - with bobby 47 Bobby be zipping down the hallway on he scooter . he take the corner at high speed , follow the spell marking on the floor . bobby Kathy ! come on . as he round the next turn too fast , he scooter shoot out from under he , he glass sail off he head ... bobby aahh ! --. and he land on he ass . ( continued ) 47 47 . continued : 47 Bobby grab he glass again , and when he slip they on !-- through ghost glass he see a decapitate head lie on the floor right between he leg , wrap in plastic . the head 's eye snap open , and it begin to mouth word . Bobby scream ... then he hear a dragging sound behind he , like dead skin slapping on glass . Bobby turn and see a headless , legless human torso , wrap in sheet of filthy plastic , crab-walk towards he ... bobby daaddd !!!! Bobby jump to he foot , turn . he run down the hall . look back , see nothing , then when he turn back , straight into the bound woman . pin against the glass , the bound woman let out a muffle cry . strangle by a businessman 's tie , which be still cinched tight around she neck , she tongue stick out like a thick blue thumb . her hair , skin , and prom dress be clotted with dirt and worm -- the mark of a shallow grave . her hand and foot be bound by rope , but that 's not the worst . her head sit askew on she shoulder , neck obviously break , a chunk of bone jutting out just beneath the skin . panicked , she go into violent convulsion . it 's too much for Bobby . he turn and bolt , racing blindly through the basement 's glass hallway . when finally he feel safe , he slow enough to look over he shoulder , and that 's when he slam into a wall of glass . the collision knock he glass from he head , he mike from he shoulder . he reach for he glass when the tiny sound of a squeaking wheel issue from he mike down the hall . Bobby look at the mike , then fearfully back at the glass in he hand . ushering all he courage , Bobby don the glass , and with he heart beat like a hummingbird 's , he turn around , and see ... ( continued ) 47 48 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 another woman there , walk down the corridor towards he . dress in only a hospital gown , she wheel a portable iv stand along the floor . Yards of thin plastic iv tube tether she to the stand . her arm , thin , withere from long illness , bear nasty scar from unnumber operation . her head be almost completely cover in stain bandage , but a beauty mark decorate that portion of she face we can see . she grope blindly down the passage , straight towards Bobby . he back up , trip over he foot , almost fall . the iv woman stop . so do Bobby . Bobby wait , freeze . he try to call for help , but can only manage a gasp . bobby D - dad ... daddy ... ( louder ) dad ! dad ! the iv woman seem to respond to the sound of he voice . she cock she head , as if listen . she move , call out , but we hear it through the tiny amplifier of Bobby 's toy mike . jean ( v.o. ) ( on mike ) b-bb-bobby ? and now he recognize she voice -- it 's he mother , Jean . that 's it . Bobby turn and run like hell . around the corner , and right into -- Cyrus . or Cyrus 's ghost . pale white , with eye roll back , and a big spike stick out of he neck . stand behind a pane of glass . Bobby actually hit glass , and he catch a glimpse of the dead Cyrus just before he 's knock out from the impact . as he glass and microphone fall to the floor , we ... CuT to : int . MAIN floor - corridor 48 Arthur , Kathy , maggie and rafkin be search the house , look for Bobby . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 49 . 48 continued : 48 maggie Bobby ! ! arthur come on out , pal ! kathy Robert !! stop screwing around ! rafkin hey , Glass family Robinson ! you be waste you breath ! this stuff -- ( tap glass ) this be ectobar Glass , Cyrus invent it . it 's shatterproof and soundproof . so you kid might have a hard time hearing you . maggie touch the etching on the glass . maggie what be this ? rafkin they be containment spell . ectoplasmic entity can not cross they . the supernatural have law to obey just like we do . in the case of ghost , it 's spell . written , speak , it do not matter . they have to obey what the spell tell they . kathy so what do this do ? rafkin at the moment they be keep we alive arthur just ignore he . Bobby ! kathy let 's go back for a second to the ecto-thing ... rafkin you mean the poltergeist . kathy poltergeist ? ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 50 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 rafkin ( sigh ) alright , ghost . and not casper the friendly kind either . Cyrus have a thing for hunt the more powerful of the species . why , I get no idea . arthur I think you do not want to go through it again . rafkin you know , you be right . I have waste enough time on small mind tonight . kathy hey ! rafkin I be talk about you father . maggie Excuse I ... do you say hunt ? rafkin yup , and he trophy be all lock up in the basement . maggie this basement ? rafkin what 's with you people ? be you slow ? of course this basement . if it be next door I would not give a shit . here , I will prove it ... rafkin pull out he glass . rafkin you can see they with this . they be spectral viewer . maggie I give Bobby a pair of that . this get Arthur 's attention . maggie walk over and take they out of rafkin 's hand . slip they on . maggie ( look around ) I do not see any ghost ... ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 51 . 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 rafkin ( roll he eye ) that 's because they be all downstairs . maggie +. just more of that crazy Latin shit all over the floor . rafkin take the glass back . look down . impress . rafkin huh . Hidden barrier spell . Cyrus must have need more protective zone . maggie Protection ? you mean like oregano be to a vampire ? rafkin ( sarcastic ) yeah ... something like that ... arthur ( have enough ) look , raf-kin , be it ? do meat favor , spare we the haunt house raving ... at least ' till we get outta here . okay ? 48a int . basement door - top of stair 48a they come to a staircase , lead down into the basement . Arthur start down it . rafkin whoa ! they stop and look at he . rafkin what do I just say ? there 's a petting zoo in the basement ? no , Arthur , I succinctly say there be ghost in the basement . arthur you also say they be lock up . rafkin uh-uh . no way . rafkin will not budge . Arthur know it . ( continued ) 48 a 49 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 52 . continued : 48a arthur listen , I will make you a deal . I will pay you whatever Cyrus owed you . just ... help ... I ... find my son . Arthur extend he hand . arthur deal ? Arthur extend he hand . and for the first time Dennis rafkin be not afraid of the gesture . not that he take it , of course . rafkin deal . rafkin pull out a bottle of prescription drug , swig it down , swig it all down , then join they down the staircase . int . basement 49 the group come to the bottom of the stair , then move into the glass - line passage . rafkin 's head be beginning to throb again . Arthur , take note . arthur you go to be okay ? rafkin yeah . just keep a eye on I , okay ? the four search the empty basement hallway , find nothing but more glass and shadow . they come to a intersection in the huge labyrinth . rafkin check one of the containment cube , find its door still lock . arthur the place be too big . Kathy and I will go this way , you two head down there . rafkin sure . ignore the professional ... look , do not go too far . a straight line then turn around . we will meet back in five -- alright ? Arthur nod . take Kathy by the arm , and they head off in one direction , leave maggie and rafkin to go the other way . CuT to : 50 51 51a 52 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 53 . int . clockwork room 50 on the hour the huge gear turn again . faster than before . we move past they , in on the control panel . Three lever shift , and the sign of the jackal , along with other , slide forward , click into place . CuT to : ext . rear of house - continuous action 51 from the back of the house , we see the architecture shifting as if under order , the huge edifice groaning with herculean effort . CuT to : int . basement glass corridor - various shot 51a behind Kathy and Arthur , and elsewhere near rafkin and kalina three more door slide open , unnotice . CuT to : int . basement glass corridor - with rafkin and maggie 52 which be exactly what rafkin do not want to hear ... especially in the basement . maggie do not look too worried about thing . take thing rather nonchalantly , while rafkin appear the frighten rabbit . rafkin look , you do not believe I , do you ? see for yourself ... rafkin put the ghost glass on maggie , and pull she in front of the first glass cube . maggie I think we have be over this . I can not see any ghost . rafkin there . rafkin point into one of the cube . maggie where ? maggie look around intently , but come back confuse . rafkin look at she , wonder . he pull the glass off she face and put they on he own . he 's shocked . the first two cube be empty . ( continued ) 52 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 54 . continued : 52 rafkin ( panic ) oh , no ... rafkin pace in front of the cube . he peer worriedly into the next cube . at first he see nothing , when suddenly , a hammer slam against the glass . rafkin whoops and jump backwards . he grab he heart . rafkin never fail ... they always wait for you to put you face right up near the glass ... maggie eye he warily . rafkin take off the glass and put they on maggie . she look into the cube . and scream . through ghost glass a hugely - build middle - age black man appear , dress in layer of viciously tear leather , with a blacksmith apron cover what remain . in addition , nail and spike be hammer into he body , from he head down to the sledge - hammer that 's be nail to he handless arm . maggie oh my God ... it 's a ... it 's a ... rafkin that 's right , we be surround by em all the time . most of em can not hurt we . most of em do not want to hurt we ... but there be exception . the apparition glare at rafkin . he take hold of a spike embed deep in he shoulder and pull . all eight inch of rusting metal come out . he thrust it at the glass , and pull it across the surface in a shower of spark , as if carve a hello from Hell . maggie what 's he do ? rafkin just say hi . I help put he here . the ghost lower he spike . into the glass he have etched the phrase " U myn . " Dennis take a beat , then lick the glass . ( continued ) 52 53 54 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 54a. continued : ( 2 ) 52 rafkin ( act tough to ghost ) I love you too . lightn quick , the apparition lift he hammer and smashes it against the glass . spark explode across the corridor . maggie jump back into rafkin 's arm . maggie okay , I wanna go now ... maggie swallow hard . rafkin , half smile , gesture down the corridor , and reluctantly , she follow . at the last moment , rafkin turn and flip the hammer the bird . but the ghost be go ... CUT to : omitted 53 int . house - basement - trap room 54 Bobby lie on the floor . he rise , shaky , turn -- and realize that he 's trap in a space perhaps twenty foot wide by ten foot long , surround on all four side by glass wall . other space be dimly visible through the glass . he look around . no way out . then , on the other side of the glass wall , he see Arthur move down the passage on the other side . bobby dad ! dad ! but Arthur can not hear or see he . a instant later , Kathy come into view ... bobby Kathy ! Kathy ! dad ! he bang on the glass , but he fist hardly make a sound . 55 56 57 55 . int . basement - corridor - with arthur and kathy 55 Arthur hurry forward . Kathy behind he . kathy dad , slow down ... arthur Bobby ! ! Arthur charge forward , search . Kathy stay close . kathy we be gonna get lose ... and on that note , Arthur turn the corner , and find Bobby 's microphone and glass lie in the middle of the corridor floor . he stop in he track . Kathy notice they too . both of they fear the worst . they slowly walk over to the item . Arthur pick up Bobby 's microphone , while Kathy grab he glass . Arthur press play on the recorder -- Bobby 's last word bellow out . bobby ( v.o. ) ( scream on recorder ) dad ! dad !! Arthur quickly click the recorder off . he try to keep it together , but we can see the pain on he face . Kathy break down . int . trap room - same time 56 on Bobby 's side of the wall , Bobby pound on the glass as he see Arthur comfort Kathy with a hug . bobby dad ! kath ! here ! I be in here ! the wall behind he begin to move -- push in . he gasp , and scramble back as it come forward , the space in which he 's trap in get narrower . and to make matter worse , Arthur and Kathy vanish from he sight behind the " trick " glass . Bobby 's about to lose it ... int . corridor - with arthur and kathy 57 Arthur 's comforting he daughter . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 56 . 57 continued : 57 arthur do not worry , we will find he . Kathy pull it together . 58 int . other side of basement - with rafkin and maggie 58 rafkin and maggie pass another empty cube . the symbol on the open door get rafkin 's attention . rafkin oh shit ... kalina what ? rafkin the jackal 's loose . we get to get the hell out of here . he turn back the way they come . maggie follow . 59 int . corridor - with arthur and kathy - same time 59 Kathy hold up the glass to she father . kathy dad , Bobby be wear this . maybe rafkin be right . maybe there really be -- arthur Kathy , think about what you be say ... Kathy raise the glass to she face ... arthur ( 0.s. ) ... there 's no such thing as -- ++. revealing a face from Hell before she -- the jackal . through ghost glass with unnaturally long limb and finger with long , jag nail ; its sloping head and bulg eye contain in the cage it wear on he head , the jackal stand before Kathy in a shred straitjacket , half tear off , half burn away . ( continued ) 59 57 . continued : 59 he supplies a madman 's grin , saliva drip , bare unnaturally large , crooked tooth , and then suddenly , when a heartbeat can seem like a eternity , he leap at Kathy as if shot out of a shotgun . back to scene Kathy scream as she 's literally propel down the hall . arthur' Pov at the end of the corridor , Kathy be see be drag invisibly across the floor , pin to the wall , then drag up it to the ceiling . kathy daddy ! help I !! oh God !! her clothes be shred from she body . back to scene Arthur , run -- arthur kathy daddy , help I ! Arthur , without glass , can not see the jackal , but he can see the impossible spectacle of a invisible something savagely tear he daughter apart . arthur Kathy ! what be it ? I can not see a thing ! Arthur grab Kathy , try to drag she away . but the jackal will not let go . Kathy be hoist in the air between the two , a tug of war that 's kill she . Arthur will not let go of she hand and the invisible jackal will not let go of she foot . bloody scratch rip open along she leg as she clothes be rip to shred . kathy make it let go ! make it let go ! arthur where be it ?! Kathy , tell I where it be -- ( continued ) 59 58 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 Arthur grab all the material he can and pull . it tear . Kathy rebound , almost fall . the jackal leap on she like a hellish animal , scratch she with both finger and toe . she scream over and over . Arthur see bloody scratch appear on Kathy 's skin , deep , red , sharp . arthur Jesus Christ , get off ! get off ! hysterical , Arthur finally pull Kathy up and drag she down the passage . the jackal leap again , yanking she from Arthur 's grasp . Arthur barely catch hold of Kathy 's arm and pull . but the jackal 's too strong ... and he 's lose she ... suddenly , the corridor light up behind he , and a phosphorous flare be toss to the floor beside he . the jackal shriek with unearthly horror ! a second set of hand grab hold of Kathy and pull alongside Arthur . Arthur turn and come face - to- face with kalina , knapsack sling over she shoulder , glass on she face . he do a double - take , then -- arthur who the hell be you ? kalina pull !! together , the two pull Kathy down the hall , away from the jackal . the jackal regains he wit and attack . it 's a race now . kalina run , goddammit !!! Arthur and kalina drag Kathy down the hall , try to outrun the jackal . kathy' Pov ( upside down go backward ) the thing give chase , close the gap in the blink of a eye . ( continued ) 59 60 59 . continued : ( 3 ) 59 back to scene kathy hurry , daddy !! at the last possible moment , the jackal leap . Kathy scream again . the jackal suddenly slam into a invisible barrier . Kathy react with astonishment as the ghost rip and tear into the barrier like a wild animal try to get at meat ... spark fly . the trio try to regain themselves around the corner . Kathy 's in Arthur 's arm , cut , bruise , cry . he look up with fire in he eye at kalina -- arthur just who the hell be you , how the hell do you get in here , and what the hell be that !? CuT to : int . basement glass corridor - with rafkin and maggie 60 the duo weave they way through the basement 's maze of glass try to locate Arthur and Kathy . rafkin pull maggie along , try to find the way out , but it 's no use . the hallway all look the same . pull she around a corner , they find themselves trap . a glass barrier cut they off from the rest of the corridor . rafkin shit !! gotta go back . rafkin grab maggie , turn , suddenly stop . he look down the hall . maggie be not sure why . rafkin start back up . maggie what ? what !? rafkin ( whisper ) do not talk . do not move . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 60 . 60 continued : 60 maggie ( whisper ) why ? rafkin ( whisper ) somehow we get behind enemy line . hand she the glass . maggie can see a tiny boy carry a hatchet move towards they in the dark . she turn back towards rafkin for affirmation . when she look back -- maggie it 's go ... rafkin take the glass back . look -- rafkin no , it 's not . it 's hide . off maggie 's terrify reaction , we ... CuT to : 61 int . basement glass corridor - with arthur , kathy and 61 kalina kalina be help Arthur tear up strip of cloth to bind Kathy 's wound . kalina kalina oretzia . I be in the spirit reclamation business . arthur spiritua-recla-what ? kalina I free trap soul . you uncle -- arthur forget my uncle , and trap soul for a second . what in the world be you do here ? kalina look like I be save you ass . kathy ( nervously ) dad ... it 's still there ... ( continued ) 61 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 61 . continued : 61 Kathy pass the glass to she father . he hold they for a instant , then put they on . the jackal 's some three foot away -- scratch insanely at the glow red spell that block he way . arthur ( study the jackal ) unbelievable ... kalina another one of you uncle 's victim . arthur ( turn to kalina ) victim ? when Arthur look back , the jackal 's go ... kalina yeah , you uncle have a nasty habit of enslave soul . that 's why I be here . it do not matter whether they be dead or not , they be still people . Kathy look up , bloody , tremble , angry , like this woman 's crazy . arthur how the hell do you get in here ? kalina I ease in through a open when the house shift . Kathy look to she father with hope . kalina do not get you hope up . it 's close now , and it 's not gonna happen again . arthur but if you get in -- kalina here ... kalina pull out a huge ancient book from she satchel . ( continued ) 61 62 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 62 . continued : ( 2 ) 61 kalina the arcanum . it belong to my fiance . he and you uncle have the only two know copy in the world . kalina flip through the book . kalina it be pen in the fifteenth century by a astrologer name basileus . in it he describe the building of a certain device . one that can see into the future , as legend have it , it be describe to he while under demonic possession . ( beat ) needless to say , he book do not make the best seller 's list . after read it , the church burn he at the stake . his writings , however , survive . ( look around ) I just can not believe he build it ... arthur what be you talk about ? kalina basileus ' device . the Eye of Hell . ( beat ) you be stand in the middle of a machine design by the Devil ... CuT to : int . basement glass corridor - with rafkin and maggie 62 rafkin and maggie continue down the dark corridor . a figure move in and out of shadow follow they . rafkin notice the lurking ghost with the glass . rafkin we get company ... he hurry maggie down the corridor . suddenly , another figure , the suicide , cross the corridor in front of they , slip into the shadow . ( continued ) 62 63 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 63 . continued : 62 rafkin do you see that ? maggie see what ? I do not have glass , you moron . rafkin back down the hall , maggie behind he . he catch a quick glimpse of the first figure again . this time it 's closer . he re-check the other corridor , and the suicide be there . maggie ( nervous ) what be it ? rafkin if it 's down here it 's not a good thing , trust I . rafkin spin around , and the ' 5as kid be on top of he . he swing he bat madly at rafkin , connect on the last swing . rafkin , in a explosion of spark , go sailing . maggie quickly scoops rafkin up and start haul he down the corridor with the suicide in pursuit . CuT to : int . basement glass corridor - with arthur , kathy and 63 kalina Arthur address kalina as Kathy look on . arthur look , I do not give a damn about any machine , any devil , anybody name basileus anything except get my family the hell out of here . now if that book show you how to get in , can it show we how to get out ? kalina possibly -- ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 64 . 63 continued : 63 arthur good. good. finally . we be on to something here . we be communicate . this be good . all we need be a little cooperation from you and that book , and we can all go home . correct ? kalina alright , I will help you get out but you , in turn , have to help I . I come here to free that trap by you uncle . tonight . you want out ? you have to help I , too . arthur do I have a choice ? kalina yeah . I could free we all . here . now . kalina open she bag , expose stick of dynamite . Arthur swallow hard . this be not the option he have in mind . arthur al-right ... this be negotiable . ( beat ) Kathy , can you walk -- ? Arthur turn around to see -- Kathy 's go . arthur Kathy ! Kathy !!! Arthur search everywhere , but it appear that Kathy 's just vanish . arthur no !! this can not be happen !! kalina watch he lose it . she notice something move above she . kalina c'mon , we gotta get out of here . arthur I be not go anywhere without my kid ! kalina try tell he that . ( continued ) 63 64 64a 65 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 kalina gesture to a little boy ghost stand on the ceiling . the ghost issue a hateful , unholy hiss . Arthur notice he and quickly change he mind . they flee down the corridor , until they finally see the stair come up . freedom . one last corner to go , when -- wham -- show 's over . a sheet of glass block they path to the stair . what 's worse be that when they turn around -- the ghost be go . arthur shit ... where would he go ...? off they panicked look , we ... CuT to : int . clockwork room 64 we move in on the huge clockwork . they spin at a tremendous speed now . we pull into the control panel mechanism . the symbol shift , and the 9th meter , the sign of the hammer slide forward ... and click into place . and the house begin to move again ... release the ghost . omitted 640 CUT to : int . basement - with rafkin and maggie 65 rafkin and maggie rush forward . maggie 's on edge , she eye darting around , check all the dark corner of the corridor . the house suddenly begin to move again . at the end of the hallway a door open , while wall around they start to close in and crush they . rafkin look out ! move ! rafkin shove she out of the crush hallway , as the wall force he into the open doorway . the glass wall slam close between they , and the house go silent again . stop move . ( continued ) 65 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 66 . continued : 65 rafkin and maggie can see each other through the glass . rafkin notice the glass in maggie 's hand . rafkin great ... his head begin pound . something 's not right . then he turn around , and realize where he be ... int . hammer' room rafkin oh , shit ... go around to the door and toss I the glass . maggie walk around the corner , and see the suicide stand there . she quickly backpedal back to where she be before . maggie that idea be not gonna work , you gotta plan B ? she look back through the glass for rafkin , and spot -- the Hammer be stand right behind he , smile . rafkin react to maggie 's panicked look . rafkin ( mouth ) what ? the Hammer raise he weapon , about to swing down on rafkin . maggie quickly point to the side away from the Hammer . maggie move ! rafkin jump over as the Hammer swing . the Hammer strike the floor where rafkin just be . spark fly . rafkin nervously look at maggie . rafkin ( mouth ) the spell ? where ... be ... the ... spell ? maggie check the floor . she notice the glow spell , but rafkin 's not stand on they . the Hammer 's now go ... ( continued ) 65 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 66a . continued : ( 1a ) 65 maggie push both of she hand forward . maggie back !! rafkin hop back , like a little frog , just as the Hammer reappear and swing , miss rafkin and hit a invisible wall . more spark fly . rafkin 's sweat profusely now . he do not move . he 's stand on the spell . one wrong step and he 's dead . he glance around know the Hammer 's presence be very close by . ( continued ) 65 67 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 the exit door be about ten foot away . he would never be able to make a run for it . rafkin you have to ... lead I ... out . maggie look down at the path of spell on the floor , and it 's a jag path to the door . then she see the Hammer stand over rafkin like a executioner , wait to bring down he ax . one wrong step , and ... maggie oh , crap . rafkin look at she hopefully . maggie nod . maggie okay . right foot . step right . rafkin right ? maggie nod . rafkin raise he right foot , hover it over the floor , look for maggie to okay the step . she nod again . rafkin take the step . rafkin squint , ready to get hit . but the Hammer 's go . rafkin whew ... maggie Left foot . rafkin Left foot ? maggie right . rafkin right foot ? maggie wave and shake she head . maggie Left foot . forward . rafkin it 's like play friggin' twister here . ( continued ) 65 66 68 . continued : ( 3 ) 65 rafkin set he leave foot forward . again he 's safe . maggie nod , motion he straight , onward . another safe step . he might just make it out of here alive after all . and that 's when maggie see the suicide turn the corridor and she 's come right at she . maggie , scared out of she wit , want to run , but she still have to deal with rafkin . maggie another right . rafkin go to take a step with he right foot , and walk right off the spell . maggie 's not watch , she 's more concerned with the suicide head in she direction . maggie turn back just in time and see the Hammer right in front of rafkin -- maggie shit ! just jump ! rafkin take a fly leap towards the door . he make it out safely , and rush over to maggie . give she a big " thank you " kiss on the lip . rafkin I owe you big time . maggie Fine . just get I outta here . int . MAIN floor 66 rafkin , peek out of the basement stairwell , survey the main floor with the glass . everything look clear . but it 's all the dark area of the house . you eye can easily play trick on you . see movement that may or may not be there . maggie see anything ? rafkin no ... that 's what make I nervous ... rafkin and maggie move slowly through the room . maggie 's clamp onto rafkin , petrify . CuT to : 69 . 67 int . trap room - with bobby and kathy - same time 67 Kathy come suddenly awake , rub she head . focus !-- kathy wha -what happ -- ? she look around the room . Bobby 's sit beside she . dried tear streak run down he face . bobby kath ... kathy Bobby ... oh , my God ... be you alright ? we have be look all over for you . bobby ( near tear again ) I see you and dad before . I yell but you do not see I . she sit up , put she arm around he . kathy it 's gonna be okay . bobby Mom 's here . kathy ( look around ) where be we ? what part of the house ? bobby I do not know . Mom 's here , Kathy . Kathy look at he . kathy what do you mean ? here ? bobby she 's one of they . she 's like in the hospital , with all that bandage on she . Kathy do not know what to say . bobby do you believe I ? ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 70 . 67 continued : 67 kathy I be not sure what to believe ... Kathy hold she brother close while they wait . bobby kath ? kathy yeah ? bobby I hate this house . I just wanna go home . kathy I know , kiddo , so do I . we be gonna get out of here soon . I be sure dad 's on he way right now . off she hopeful look , we ... CuT to : 68 int . basement - with arthur and kalina 68 Arthur and kalina be in front of the block - off staircase . kalina 's flipping through she book , study the map of the house . Arthur keep lookout for anything out of the ordinary . arthur find anything ? kalina not yet . Arthur turn back around ... and now , at the end of the hallway be -- the jackal . arthur oh , damn ... it 's back ... hurry up ! kalina I be hurry . but when he look back , it 's go ... arthur shit ... I lose it ! ( continued ) 68 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 71 . continued : 68 Arthur panic . arthur do something for Christ 's sake ! kalina get in Arthur 's face -- kalina show . a little . backbone . no matter how much I hate you uncle , he always manage some . the word sting Arthur , and for the first time he know it 's always be a problem . kalina 's still rifling through she book . kalina if I can just pinpoint where thing have move to ... Arthur peer around the corner , and the jackal 's back . closer . arthur you wanna read a little faster ! we friend 's back . kalina drop she knapsack to the floor . remove a flare from she bag . hand it to Arthur . kalina Light it . it 's quicksilver . Arthur ignite the flare . kalina the burn metal disrupt its spiritual energy and busy we time . arthur how many of this do you have leave ? kalina Three . arthur Three ? you could not have bring a few more ? ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 71a. 68 continued : ( 1a ) 68 kalina I do not plan on give a tour of the place . ( find what she 's look for in book ) here it be ... the book be open to one of the layout . a red square be indicate in one of the " block . " ( continued ) 68 69 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 68 kalina we gotta get to the library . it have spell protection all around it . arthur where be it from here ? kalina shift the book around to see where they be . kalina above we , to the right . kalina notice the glass block above they in the ceiling . Arthur see where she 's go with this , and we ... CuT to : int . MAIN floor - corridor - with rafkin and maggie 69 rafkin and maggie have back themselves into a corner . rafkin 's look at two figure , the fat man and the Little woman , make they way down the corridor to they . maggie ( panicked ) just tell I when I be suppose to scream , because I be not gonna die without scream my goddamn head off ! rafkin 's look at the two ghost , the fat man and Little woman , through the glass . they quickly slip back into the darkness . he notice the pilgrim on the other end of the corridor . they be be cornere . rafkin not yet , but take a deep breath . suddenly , a glass block in the floor behind they pop open , and a flare be toss through . it land on the floor , illuminate the corridor . the ghostly figure quickly disperse ... a hand appear , and kalina be shove through the hole . maggie scream . rafkin freak -- rafkin what the hell -- 70 71 73 . int . basement - with arthur 70 kalina 's leg disappear through the ceiling . Arthur , hold out the flare , scan the basement around he . the figure still remain at bay . that 's when the flare burn out . Arthur shake it once , twice , then , know it 's out for good , stand alone , helpless in the single patch of light come from the ceiling . he look to he leave and see the crab-like creature scurrying down the corridor . from the other direction come a large silhouette ( which be the Hammer ) . arthur Ms. ortezia ... int . MAIN floor - corridor - with rafkin , maggie and 71 kalina kalina notice the two of they . rafkin recognize she . she recognize he . rafkin what be you do here ? kalina I should ask you the same question . heretic . rafkin hack . they both size each other up . arthur ( 0.s. ) ( call up from below ) hey ! remember I ?! rafkin and maggie peer into the hole and see Arthur below . kalina oh , shit ! pull he up ! pull he up !! rafkin reach he hand into the hole , and Arthur grab it . they pull he up through the hole ... just as the Hammer swing . a explosion of SPARKS erupt in the basement . ( continued ) 74 . 71 continued : 71 arthur thank for take you time . really . kalina recheck the book -- kalina alright , at the end of the hall , make a right ... then another right ... then -- rafkin where we go ? kalina the library . it 's the safest place in the house , the wall be surround entirely with spell . rafkin ( be : she book ) how the hell would you know ? kalina hold up the book . rafkin be not bite . kalina trust I . rafkin Arthur ? arthur trust she . Arthur notice the flare go out . arthur now could we please just save all we question for the library ? kalina alright , let 's move . kalina ignite another flare , and guide they down the corridor . rafkin where would you daughter go ? arthur I do not know . she disappear . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 75 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 rafkin how can you lose a entire family in a glass house ? Arthur toss rafkin a look just as they turn a corner , and the jackal leap out of the shadow and pounce on Arthur 's back . the jackal 's tear into Arthur , drag he down the hallway . kalina toss she flare down the hall at they , and the ghost jump off Arthur , shriek . rafkin quickly grab Arthur and pull he into the library . 72 int . MAIN floor - library 72 they stumble in . arthur so much for quicksilver ... kalina we should be safe in here ... Arthur land on the couch , in pain . maggie 's by he side . rafkin bang on the glass , piss . rafkin shit , you would think I would be use to this thing by now . kalina they do not seem to like you either ... kalina take a seat at the desk , begin read through she book . kalina .-. I wonder why . rafkin look , you get something to say , spit it out . ( continued ) 72 continued : 76 . 72 kalina alright ... let 's start with ... this be all you fault ! if you have not catch they , we would not be run from they now , would we ? rafkin hey , I do not build this house . blame he crazy uncle for that one . kalina but you help he . how could you help he without know what he be up to ? rafkin I have my reason . kalina you steal people 's soul for money . how deprave be that ? rafkin before that I be work for a psychic hotline . try that for deprave . ( beat ) look , Cyrus take I in when no one else would . in case you have not notice ... I ... be ... a ... freak . Dead people give I migraine . I can not touch a single person without suddenly see all they problem . ( beat ) do you know how lonely that be ? no one accept I except he . kalina he do not accept you . he use you . rafkin look away , ashamed . arthur ( to kalina ) look , cut I some slack , what difference do it make ? this thing be all killer anyway , so what do we care ? a beat pass , kalina turn to rafkin -- ( continued ) 72 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 72 kalina you do not tell he , do you ? rafkin lower he head . arthur tell I what ? kalina about the fourth ghost ? rafkin do not do this . kalina he have a right to know . arthur ( concerned ) what about the fourth ghost ? kalina let I help you out ... St. luke 's Hospital , six month ago . the realization hit Arthur hard . he turn to rafkin . arthur jean' ... here ...? rafkin I have no idea she be you wife , Arthur , I swear . Arthur clock rafkin with a roundhouse punch , send he fly over the couch . arthur why ? she never hurt anyone ... rafkin I do not know ... Cyrus handpick every one of em . you wife include . when I realize who you be I try to help -- arthur try to help ?! we be trap , my kid be miss , my wife , who should be rest in peace , be be hold hostage by the house from hell , and you call this help ?! she 's right . this be all you goddamn fault . ( continued ) 72 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 78 . continued : ( 3 ) 72 rafkin take the scolding . Arthur pace the room . arthur Son of a bitch ! kalina there be a way to save she , Arthur . and you kid , too . Arthur stop pace . turn to she -- kalina this house ... it be not a house , it 's a machine . it 's a complete recreation of basileus ' design . ( read from the book ) accord to this , there should only be twelve earthbound spirit trap inside here . Arthur walk over and she show he the book . kalina ( be : book ) you see this ? they be the Black Zodiac . they represent the different ghost that Cyrus need to catch . ( read ) the withere lover , the first bear Son , the torn Prince . and here ... the bound Lady , the great child and the dire mother ... the suicide , the torso , and the buried maiden ... then there 's the three death sign , the sign of Hell 's Winter ... the Hammer , the hyena , and the Juggernaut ... as kalina count through the ghost of Arthur , forever the math teacher , instinctively count they off on he finger . kalina flip through a few more page . kalina accord to basileus , this machine require the energy of this specific spirit in order to bring it to life . once engage , the spirit be freed one by one , each add its energy to the machine ... power it up . ( continued ) 72 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 79 . continued : ( 4 ) 72 arthur power it up for what ? kalina to open the ocularis infernum . rafkin the ocularis ? what 's that ? arthur it 's Latin . it mean the Eye of Hell . maggie the Eye of Hell ? rafkin come on , Arthur . this be bullshit . maggie I see a man carry he own head . the Eye of Hell be not a stretch . arthur go on . kalina in Hell , there 's a eye that see the whole world . past and future , heaven and earth , the bless and the damned . if knowledge be power , then the man who control the ocularis would be the most powerful man on earth . you uncle be plan to become God . a beat pass ... arthur so how many ghost have be set free ? kalina check the book . kalina eleven . arthur and it need twelve ghost to power it up ? rafkin shake he head . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 80 . 72 continued : ( 5 ) 72 rafkin uh-uh . uh-uh . what about this thirteenth ghost ? even damon mention it . kalina it 's a fail safe . yes . in order to stop the process . the house need a sacrifice of life , instead of death . ( beat ) a willing ... human ... sacrifice . the sacrifice of the Broken heart . all eye turn on Arthur . rafkin +. the thirteenth ghost ...? kalina exactly . the thirteenth spirit stand before the eye as the final configuration culminate . as the eye open , the spirit use the power of life to , essentially , short circuit the system . arthur use the ' power of life ' ...? kalina swallow hard . kalina by leaping into the eye . arthur thanks for painting the picture . rafkin ( scoffing ) power of life ... ( be : she book ) let I see that ... rafkin study the book , look at it from different angle . at . it 's obvious he do not know what he 's look a beat pass ... maggie be not there any other way ? ( continued ) 72 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 81 . continued : ( 6 ) 72 kalina we can try it the old - fashioned way ... but nobody 's go to be able to brag about it later . she open she bag . show maggie and rafkin the dynamite . a long beat pass ... kalina whatever we decide , we have to come up with a game plan soon . time 's run out . rafkin take a seat next to Arthur on the couch . kalina 's out of earshot , work out they plan . Arthur think , while fidget with rafkin 's power and Light tool belt , leave there from before . rafkin hey , I know why you feel you have to do this ... arthur get away from I . rafkin psychics call it link ... we link earlier . I know everything . about Jean . about you ... arthur shut up . rafkin believe I . you do the right thing . arthur I be not gonna listen to this from you . rafkin but kalina 's talk suicide , Arthur . arthur yeah , and if it save my kid -- rafkin but how do you know she 's right ? think about it for a second . it just do not add up . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 82. 72 continued : ( 7 ) 72 arthur and what do ? huh , Dennis ? how much of this fuck equation make sense !? you get a better idea because I be fresh out of sanity at the moment !? rafkin just think about it for a minute , that 's all . arthur in case you have not be count I be out of time here . there be not many option to consider , Mr. psychic . rafkin what happend to Kathy and Bobby 's option ? you gonna give up on that , too ? Arthur grab rafkin by the shirt and pin he to the wall . Arthur be arthur you can go to hell !! you hear I , you son of a bitch !! to hell . all I can think about be my kid . goddammit , I do not even know if they be alive ... just about to lose it when rafkin approach . rafkin then let 's find out , Arthur . for they . while there 's still time . so you will know . so we will all know . after listen to rafkin , Arthur recollect himself . one last time . arthur ( to kalina ) no matter what happen to I , to we all , do you think you can stop the machine ? kalina I get enough dynamite here to blow this place back to the fifteenth century if that 's the question ? ( continued ) 72 73 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 83. continued : ( 8 ) 72 arthur okay . how many flare do you have leave ? kalina one . why ? arthur we be go out again . maggie Arthur ! that 's crazy !! that thing out there will kill you ! arthur not if we take that . Arthur point at one of the door in the library . he and rafkin remove the hinge off the spell - etched glass door , use the tool from the belt . written inside be the spell . he hand the door to rafkin . rafkin alright ... we get ourselves a Captain America shield baby . kalina you have about ten minute before the last ghost be release and the ectoplasmic shit hit the cosmic fan . Arthur nod . maggie and Arthur share a last look , then follow rafkin out the door of the library . int . corridor - with arthur and rafkin 73 they be both hold opposite side of the door . the corridor 's empty . cover with dark patch . they carefully inch they way down the corridor , pass dark area . they reach a couple of dark patch , and slowly walk past . prepare for anything ... when suddenly , out of the shadow , the ' 5as kid swing he bat , and smack the door -- spark fly . rafkin shit -- he 's swinging for the fence . ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 84 . 73 continued : 73 arthur Ram he on three ... rafkin and Arthur brace themselves . the ' 5as kid continue to whack away at the door . rafkin ( fast count ) one-two -three ! they drive the ' 5as kid into the wall . press the door against he . spark light up the corridor . the ' 5as kid be go crazy . there 's a huge burst of ecto-plasmic spark , then he vanish . arthur that 's more like it . Arthur spot a open behind they . arthur this way ... Arthur guide they down another corridor . 74 omitted 74 740a int . hallway - basement 740 a after flash a flare before they , kalina and maggie drop through the ceiling , back into the basement . they make they way through the glass hallway , come to a door . as kalina approach it , she stumble across Ben 's slice corpse . maggie gasp at the remain . maggie oh ... God ... look like we find the lawyer . kalina hold the flare still . I be almost there . kalina reach around the doorway , click the door open . 75 int . basement - clockwork room 75 the gear be spin and grinding at the high speed . ( continued ) 75 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 85 . continued : 75 kalina quickly rush over to the base of the machine with the arcanum , try to figure out how it work . a shadow figure move past the door outside the clockwork room . maggie hurry up ! kalina I be work on it ! kalina 's follow the manual . she study the different lever and what each do . maggie turn and come face - to- face with Cyrus 's ghost . she jump , then quickly jab the flare at he . but to she surprise , he do not react ... instead , he take a step towards she . she try to ward he off again with the flare ... but he take another step . maggie damn ... kalina ... you better get over here ... this shit be not workin ' anymore ! maggie 's panic ... and then she flare start to go out . maggie hurry you ass up ! maggie back up ... and she 's hit over the head from behind . she land on the floor and go out like a light . Cyrus 's ghost approach the body . and so do kalina ... the faint flare illuminate both of they . in kalina 's hand , we see the arcanum . it 's obvious she just strike maggie with it . kalina remove she glass , and look over at Cyrus 's ghost . he 's still there , have not vanish . they embrace and kiss . and then the flare completely go out , plunging the room into darkness , and we ... CuT to : 76 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 85a . int . hallway 76 Arthur and rafkin be still walk the hall , wear glass . they be on edge , nervously look in all direction . at any moment , something could jump out of the shadow at they . rafkin ' there 's no place like home , there 's no place like home ... ' arthur knock it off . rafkin spot the Hammer appear behind Arthur at the end of the hall . the Hammer make eye contact with rafkin , and charge . rafkin oh , shit . before Arthur even have time to turn around , rafkin heroically shove Arthur into the corner , pin he safely behind the shield . rafkin turn and face the charge Hammer . he 's lean back on the glass , prevent Arthur from get out . arthur ( behind the door ) what be you do ?! rafkin do not worry about it , Arthur ... I have be look for a reason to like myself for a long time now . the Hammer approach , but rafkin 's not run . the Hammer stop right in front of rafkin . rafkin gulp . ( continued ) 76 77 86 . continued : 76 arthur ( behind glass ) Dennis , no ! do not do this ! rafkin ( to the Hammer ) hey , big guy , no hard feeling , huh ? ( stop himself ) who be I kid ... look at you ... the Hammer prepare to strike , when -- a terrifying howl come from the belly of the house . it get everyone 's attention , even the ghost ... arthur what the hell be that ? rafkin ( check he watch ) Christ ... ( to Arthur ) we be out of time ... rafkin turn back to the Hammer , who grin a evil grin . then strike ... int . basement - clockwork room 77 release another howl echoes through the room . Cyrus and kalina watch as the 12th sign line up and click into place ... the breaker . kalina turn to he piss . kalina you know , it 's one thing for I to have spend all that time with that idiot damon , kill he , and then steal he spell -- now I gotta babysit you stupid nephew so he do not get himself kill before you need he . enough be enough , Cyrus . cyrus but you do bring I damon 's spell , right ? kalina remove the book from she bag . she tear the leather cover off the back of the book , and inside be a thin reel of audio tape . ( continued ) 77 78 79 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 87 . continued : 77 kalina I get you spell . but a deal 's a deal , remember , we share everything ... fifty -fifty . Cyrus snatch it from she , hold it up to the light , and examine it . smile when he realize they be authentic . cyrus do not you worry , kalina , you will get everything you deserve . Cyrus place a reel - to- reel machine on the table . int . corridor - with rafkin and arthur 78 the Hammer swing on rafkin , who dodge the attack . the strike whack the glass , spark fly , Arthur react . rafkin ( get cocky ) that the best you can do ? my mother hit harder than that . the Hammer 's now enraged . he swing again ... and again rafkin dodge the strike , bob and weaving , like Ali in the ring . rafkin you be not get no speed , old man . what 's the matter , that hammer weigh you down ? the Hammer 's swinging wildly , but rafkin , surprisingly , have quick reflex , and it 's pissing the Hammer off . rafkin evade another attack , and out of the corner of he eye , he spot the breaker turn the corner ... from he massive size , he realize who it be . rafkin mother of Christ ... Arthur see the breaker approach . he grow larger as he get closer ... int . basement - clockwork room 79 Cyrus be set up a reel - to- reel machine . kalina 's beside he . ( continued ) 79 80 88 . continued : 79 kalina so , what be you gonna do now ? you nephew believe the sacrifice be gonna stop this thing , but you will never get he to jump into the eye , not until he find he kid . cyrus then let 's give they to he ... ( toss she some rope ) go tie they up . kalina Cyrus , I can not ... cyrus why not ? you know as well as I do that human life be the price of human achievement . how many life go into the construction of the pyramid ? or the great Wall of China ? or the space program ? it 's darwinism at its finest . ( beat ) now step aside ... I need to finish set this up . and you need to do you job ... kalina walk out of the room with the rope , and Cyrus finish thread the reel - to- reel machine with the audio tape . then he flip a switch ... int . corridor - with rafkin and arthur 80 Arthur watch helplessly , as rafkin be smack by the Hammer , right into the breaker 's arm . arthur no !! Arthur push the glass off he to get out , but the breaker slam rafkin into the glass , which again pin Arthur behind it . rafkin try to crawl away , but the Hammer smashes he over the back with he hammer . rafkin be bloody and bruise , on he last leg . ( continued ) 80 81 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 89 . continued : 80 Arthur once again try to push the glass off he to get out , but rafkin slap he bloody hand on the glass . make eye contact with Arthur . shake he head , tell Arthur not to come out . rafkin ( slurring ) save you kid ... the breaker pick rafkin up and smashes he against the glass door . his break body leave a bloody smear as it slide to the floor . arthur Dennis !! Arthur sink to he knee , crush . he look up and the ghost be go . he completely fall apart ... then suddenly , another ghost appear on the other side of the glass . Arthur look up and see -- Jean , as we see she before , stand there , stare at he . Arthur look at she , dumbstruck . arthur Jean ...? she tilt she head in response , sadness and long in she face . Arthur can not hold it back anymore , a wave of emotion rush over he and he burst into tear . arthur I be so sorry ... please forgive I ... ( sobbing ) I should have go back in after you ... I -- Jean look at he , shake she head , let he know he do the right thing . arthur I miss you so much ... Arthur reach out and place he hand against the glass to touch she on the other side , when ... int . basement - clockwork room 81 Cyrus finish set up the reel-to-reel , then he switch on the machine . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 85 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 90 . continued : 81 a chanting sound ( the spell be read over and over ) , very similar to what be use to lure the breaker in the open scene , come over the speaker in the house , only this be richer in tone and texture . stronger . Cyrus turn to kalina -- cyrus time to finish this ... CuT to : int . house - various shot of ghost 82 reacting with revulsion as they be engulf by the chanting . they slowly begin to vanish one by one . int . corridor - with arthur and jean 83 Arthur have he hand on the glass . Jean 's about to put she hand against he , when the chanting sound hit she ... and she hand slowly fade out of sight . Arthur watch she disappear in front of he ... leave Arthur kritico completely alone . a beat pass ... then Arthur look up and see -- Kathy and Bobby rise out of the center island of the ocularis in the great hall . tied back to back they be helpless . off Arthur 's reaction , we ... omitted 84 int . clockwork room 85 Cyrus step over maggie 's body , head to the door . cyrus the final configuration 's start ... gather you thing , let 's go ... kalina pick up she knapsack . then abruptly , she hear a hiss , turn -- Cyrus have step through a open doorway on the neighbor wall , and that door have just snap shut . ( continued ) 85 91 . continued : 85 kalina Cyrus ? Cyrus press a stud . there 's another hiss . kalina turn pale . the door separate she from the fall maggie have just sly aside . she turn to Cyrus -- kalina Cyrus ! stop screwing around ! let I outta here ! cyrus good-bye , my dear ... thanks for all you help . maybe we will see each other again on the other side . he smile , hit another switch . the wall surround kalina begin close in on she . kalina motherfu -- she kick the glass ! tries hold it back , no use . it keep come . panic start to set in . the glass move in closer . finally pin she . kalina oh , God ... no ... please ... her face be press up against the glass , she breast flatten . her eye go wide . she start to scream and scream ... we start to hear the snapping of rib . her arm narrower than she body , claw uselessly at the glass . kalina aaabh ... her head , now turn sideways , be be press flatter and flatter ... abruptly there 's a ghastly dull clunk as she skull split and blood and brain splatter out . the wall continue to close , crush she body , flatten , distend it , until there be nothing recognizable . ( continued ) 85 86 thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 85 and still the wall keep close , until the entire inner surface , from wall to wall and floor to ceiling be fill with a microscopically thin red smear that be once kalina . CuT to : int . great hall 86 the chanting be echoing through the house . the ocularis have begin to spin with Kathy and Bobby still seat in the center . one of the outer ring be slowly circle around they , when it suddenly lift up , swirl around they like a blade . bobby Kathy ! kathy do not look ! bobby I do not wanna look ! then the second outer ring flap up next , and begin spin in the opposite direction . Arthur appear in the doorway to the great hall . the kid spot he . bobby dad !! Arthur see they predicament . raise he glass . along with they be the ghost surround the kid , each stand next to they symbol along the outermost ring . kathy daddy ... get we out of here ... arthur just do not move . Arthur approach the outer ring , just as a third inner ring flap up , spin in yet another direction , create the combination of a meat grinder and a mixer . the ocularis be work its way closer to the kid -- the kid slouch down . bobby make it stop , dad ! make it stop ! 86 a 86b thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 93 . int . MAIN floor corridor - continuous action 86a Arthur notice Cyrus 's ghost stand at the end of the corridor , a spectator to the deadly game . he 's take aback by the old man 's presence , finally recognize he . arthur Cyrus ...? ( lose it ) damn you for building this place ! Cyrus do not respond . arthur do something ! help I save the kid ! the ghost raise he hand , point into the ocularis , motion for Arthur to jump in ... and that will stop everything . a FOURTH inner ring flap up , work its way closer to the center . the kid be freaking out . Arthur look from he kid , to the spin ring , and back to Cyrus again . he wrestle with what he should do ... then he eye land on Jean . she look so sad , stare at she hysterical kid , helpless . Arthur 's choice be make . he step up to the ocularis , stand in front of the spin gear . he prepare himself for what he 's about to do . int . great hall - continuous action 86b Arthur start forward into the hall , ready to take he place amongst the ghost . arthur ( to kid ) I want you guy to know ... I love you both more than anything . the kid realize what he 's do . kathy dad ! do not ! bobby daddy ! it kill Arthur to see they like this . he can not let they die and make the same mistake he make before . ( continued ) 86 B thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 94 , continued : 86b he would never be able to live with himself . this be he chance to redeem himself for Jean . arthur it 's the only way . I be sorry . take care of each other ... Arthur take a long look around at the macabre scene before he . first , to the ghost that circle the Eye , each still trap in he or she own hell . then Arthur focus on the blade that swirl around he , threaten to dice he family , all that he love . then Arthur look down into the fiery mechanical purgatory that be the Eye of Hell , its gigantic gear grinding away , the steel bath in crimson light , drive the house / machine toward its fantastic culmination . finally to the symbol on the outer ring that flash by at Arthur 's foot . the whole effect do something to Arthur . especially the mesmerize symbol fly by . we suddenly intercut with : flashback - page of arcanum flipping by in the library in flashback , as kalina be explain the ghost . kalina ( in flashback ) accord to this , there should only be twelve earthbound spirit trap inside here . we -- CUT back to : arthur' hand do something a math teacher do naturally -- count off with he finger . the symbol float by in Arthur 's gaze in slow motion . we -- CUT back to : ( continued ) 86 B 86c thirteen ghost - Rev. 11/1/00 95 . continued : ( 2 ) 86b kalina her explanation . kalina the withere lover , the first bear Son , the torn Prince . and here ... the bound Lady , the great child and the dire mother ... the suicide , the torso , and the buried maiden ... then there 's the three death sign , the sign of Hell 's Winter ... the Hammer , the hyena , and the Juggernaut ... Arthur take in each of the ghost , confirm kalina 's description . we -- CUT back to : arthur' other hand he 's still tally up the number of ghost he 's count off in he head . 9- 10 - 11 ... 12 . twelve . arthur twelve . Arthur flash back to the library one final time . this time it 's rafkin do the talk . rafkin ( in flashback ) it just do not add up . Arthur hold he hand before he eye . 12 . there be twelve ghost on the ring . arthur if I be the thirteenth ... int . MAIN floor corridor - continuous action 86c Arthur look back into the hallway . there still stand Cyrus 's ghost . Arthur slowly take off he glass . Cyrus be still stand there . arthur you ... son-of-a-bitch ... ( continued ) 86 C 87 thirteen ghost - Rev. 11/1/00 96 . continued : 86c Cyrus realize he 's be make . Arthur run over and grab he uncle , throw he into the wall . Arthur throw a punch , landing a hard right on Cyrus . arthur stop the machine ! Arthur punch Cyrus again . and again . Cyrus stumble backwards , regains himself , smile , then go after Arthur . cyrus well , well ... it 's nice to see you have some of the family blood in you after all . the two man go at it . Arthur 's fight for he life . he 's like a wild man , throw everything he 's get , hit Cyrus everywhere . in the face , the body ... arthur you take away everything I love , you monster . everything ! ( with every blow ) now . i. want. it. back ! but Arthur have never be a warrior . Cyrus , spot he opportunity , retaliate . Cyrus connect with Arthur in the face , knock he down . then he kick Arthur in the gut a few time , make sure he stay down . cyrus how dare you stand in the way of history , Arthur ! you be nothing , you hear I . nothing ! I dedicated my entire life to this . every goddamn day . when have you ever show that kind of dedication ? huh ? to anything ?! he kick Arthur repeatedly , like a sick mind kick a dog to death . cyrus you make I sick . intercut - clockwork room 87 maggie slowly come to , awaken from the irritate noise of the chanting . the huge gear work before she be spin madly now . ( continued ) 87 88 thirteen ghost - Rev. 11/1/00 97 . continued : 87 she notice kalina 's bloody , squash remain in the glass beyond . maggie ( reacting to kalina ) Jesus ... ( rub she head ) man , what be that noise ?! then she notice the reel - to- reel machine on the table . maggie reach the machine and look for a off switch . can not find one . the chanting sound be unbearable . she finally shove the machine off the table , and it go crashing to the floor . int . great hall 88 Arthur regains himself ... when Cyrus appear over he . cyrus ( out of breath ) the world have not time for small people , Arthur . people like you , or Dennis . or kalina . it need that who be willing to do anything , without question , for what they believe in . arthur you sonofabitch ! Arthur rise to attack , but Cyrus stop he with a steel sword he pull from he cane . he point the blade beneath Arthur 's chin . Arthur 's eye dart around , search for a last way out . Cyrus spot Arthur think ... cyrus I be sorry , Arthur . unlike Jean , you have not get a choice this time . now make the sacrifice . or you . Children . will . die. the chanting sound suddenly end . silence . Cyrus look around in shock and confusion . as do Arthur . that 's when he see Bobby 's scooter come roll behind Cyrus from the other side of the corridor . ( continued ) 88 88a thirteen ghost - Rev. 11/1/00 98 . continued : 88 Arthur quickly seize the moment and kick Cyrus 's leg , throw he off balance and stumbling backward , right into the path of the scooter . like a banana peel , Cyrus slip on it and land on he ass . Arthur scoops up the cane , as Cyrus struggle to get back to he foot . when Cyrus turn back around , Arthur crack he across the chest with the cane ... send Cyrus sailing down the hall . he land at the open of the great Hall , stunne by what just happen . he glance back at the scooter , then over to where it come . nothing . he slip on he glass for a moment , and there stand casually in the corridor be the ghost of Dennis rafkin . rafkin ... never bet against human nature , Arthur . you will always lose . Arthur smile in thanks . CuT to : cyrus just as he come to on the floor . he look up and there 's nothing there . Arthur put on he glass and see 12 very deadly ghost stand around Cyrus . the ghost of the house reach down and grab Cyrus -- cyrus get away !! no !!!! Arthur watch as the ghost tear into Cyrus . it 'sa feed frenzy . the last one in to tear in be the breaker . Cyrus suffer a horrible end . cyrus let I go ! noo !!! int . great hall - ghost Pov 88a Cyrus be borne into the hall on the shoulder of the ghost he enslave . ( continued ) 88 a thirteen ghost - Rev. 11/1/00 a98a . continued : 88a from children' Pov he 's float in , kick and scream all by himself . back to scene the child be not sure what to think . they only know they too will join they uncle unless something happen . they father rush to the door -- arthur ( to he kid ) do not look ... ghost ' Pov the ghost lift Cyrus above they head , all bloody and break bone , bleed and mangle ... and throw he into the spin gear of the ocularis . ( continued ) 88 a 88b 88c thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 98a . continued : 88a blood and Bones and flesh go fly . this , and the damage maggie have cause down in the basement cause the ocularis to go haywire . int . clockwork room - continuous action 88b maggie stand before the mad machine as it whirl out of control . maggie oh , sweet Lord . what do I do ? maggie back toward the door . the clockwork be break apart all around she . she try the handle . it 's lock . maggie mutherfucka ...! the clockwork begin fly apart . gear and bit of machinery start burst through the glass wall of the clockwork room . int . great hall - continuous action 88c the great glass groans deeply as the torquing of the clockwork cause sheet of glass to fall from they frame . two more ring have flipped up , the blade get closer to the center of the ocularis and the kid . glass begin to break up all around Arthur . shard of glass rain down . he know he have not much time . Kathy hold Bobby close , protect he . bobby daddy ! ! Arthur do not know what to do , but he do know that he can not leave they there the same way he do with Jean . arthur just hang on ! I be come ! Arthur back up , and take a run jump through the spin blade , just barely landing on the center island of the ocularis , with Kathy and Bobby . ( continued ) 88c 88d 88e 88f thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 98b . continued : 88c he look for a way off but between the glass and the blade he know there 's no way they be get out of there . Arthur hold they both tight , cover they eye . arthur do not move ! keep you head down ! int . clockwork room - basement 88d as maggie 's eye go wide . int . basement glass corridor - various angle - same 88e time huge bit of the clockwork come fly out the wall of the clockwork room , shatter all the glass in the basement . int . great hall 88f the house start to blow apart . Glass rain down . Arthur hold he kid tight . the house be crumbling all around they . the only place that 's safe be where the three of they be stand . the FURY build to a crescendo of destruction , and then finally collapse ! follow by silence ... Dust and smoke everywhere , blur we vision . as it begin to dissipate , three figure slowly come into frame . Arthur , Kathy and Bobby be stand on the only remain section of the house leave ... the center island of the ocularis . all around they lie what 's leave of the house . a veritable skeleton of steel . the three of they open they eye to survey the destruction . arthur you guy okay ? ( continued ) thirteen ghost - Rev. 10/27/00 98c. 88f continued : 88f Bobby nod . kathy how do you know we would be safe here ? arthur I do not . I just be not about to leave you guy . Kathy pull she father into a tight hug , she 's teary - eye . kathy I love you , dad . arthur I love you , too . as they look up , they notice Jean , stand on the outer ring , circle around they . she 's back to look like she old healthy self , and she 's smile at she family . as she pass around they again ... she 's go . Arthur pull he kid close , and that 's when they hear -- maggie ( 0.s. ) that 's it ! they all turn to see maggie crawl out of the basement stairwell . she 's a mess , she turn to Arthur and the kid -- maggie I be through with this nanny shit . this be not in the job description . I be sorry , you guy , but I quit ... I quit . this put a smile on Arthur , Kathy and Bobby 's face , as we ... fade out . 89 omitted 89 the end