13 day by David self darkness . as the MAIN title begin , the theater thrum with a subsonic hiss which mount in all the rattling power of thanks , and we ... burn in , bright live color : ext . stratosphere - day the glory of stratospheric dawn . the engine of a silver lockheed u-2f rasp upon the trace oxygen here at 72,500 foot . scatter cloud formation hang over the blue brilliance of sea far , far below . in the haze , the loom edge of land . super : flight g-3101 . october 14th , 1962 . over cuba . the spy plane 's camera door whine open . the glassy eye of the 36 - inch camera focus . and then with a bangbangbangbang , its high - speed motor kick in , shutter fly . match CUT to : int . o'donnell bedroom - day a simple camera , snap away furiously in the hand of a giggle MARK o'donnell , 4 . he 's straddle and in the face of he dad , kenny o'donnell , 30' , tough , Boston - irish , with a prodigious case of morning hair . Kenny awaken , red-ey . helen ( o.s. ) Mark , get off you father ! Kenny sit up to the morning bedlam of the o'donnell house . kide screech , door bang all over . Kenny push Mark over , roll out of bed , snatch up the corner of the blanket and hoist Mark over he shoulder in a scream , kick bundle . int . o'donnell hallway - day Kenny , with Mark in the bundle on he shoulder , meet he wife helen go the other way in the hall with little helen , 1 , in she arm . kenny hi , hon . they kiss in pass . daughter kathy , 12 , race by in angry pursuit of she twin , kevin , 12 . helen do not forget , Mrs. higgins want to talk to you this afternoon about Kevin . you need to do something about this . kenny kid be suppose to get detention . Kenny dump the bundle with Mark in a big pile of dirty laundry . smash CUT to : ext . mccoy AIR force base - florida - day a pair of massive film canister unlock and drop from the belly of the U - 2 . technician secure they in orange carry case , lock they under key , fast and proficient . they whisk they out from under the spy plane . the technician run for a idling Jeep . they sling the case into the rear of the vehicle which in turn accelerate away hard , curving across the runway for another wait plane . smash CUT to : int . o'donnell kitchen - day a kitchen out of the late 1950' . Kenny drink coffee , tie a tie , rifle through a briefcase at the kitchen table . the horde of kid , age 2 - 14 , breakfast on a array of period food . Kenny grill the kid while he go over papers . kenny Secretary of Defense ... kevin Dean Rusk ! kenny wrong , and you get to wax my car . kenny jr. smirk at Kevin . kenny jr. Rusk be State , moron . Robert McNamara . helen get time for pancake ? kenny nope. Attorney General ? a phone ring as the kid cry out en masse . kide ( chorus ) too easy ! Bobby , Bobby Kennedy ! Kenny glance up at the wall . there be two phone , side by side . one red , one black . it 's the black one ringing . helen answer . Kenny go back to he papers . kenny all right , wise guy , Assistant Secretary of State for Latin America ... smash CUT to : ext . steuart build - day a U.S. navy truck lurch to a stop in front of the run-down , brick - face seven-story steuart Building on 5th and K. rear door bang open , and out hop two marine guard , side arm draw , film canister in a carry case between they . super : national photographic interpretation CENTER ( npic ) , WASHINGTON d.c . as the Marines approach the building , front door slam open . int . operation office , npic - day a bespectacle operation manager hand a clipboard to one of the big Marine Guards who in turn hand he a set of key . the manager unlock the film case . photo interpreter swoop in , whisk away the content : spool of film . smash CUT to : ext . o'donnell residence - day a black lincoln pull away from the modest white house on a tidy Washington D.C. residential street . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. , aerial - day the car thread its way through the Washington traffic , past the big administrative building , down tree -line avenue , take a turn into a gate . as the car stop at the gate , the camera fly past , revealing it 's the gate to the white house . smash CUT to : int . npic - day close on the five- thousand roll of film spew through processing equipment , its streaking passage lead we straight through the development machinery to : a series of various shot : photo interpreter power up light table , stereoscopic viewer , zip across the floor in wheeled chair . Flying switch , flicker light , hum motor . it 's a eerie dance of technological black magic . another pair of interpreter loom out of the darkness , side by side , ghostly look , they glass reflect the glare of the light table , like magician stare into a crystal ball . image fill the screen aerial shot , flash by . Cuban countryside from 72,500 foot . a magnifying glass swing down on its arm in front of we , magnify the carpet of tree ... and a row of six canvas cover object among they . smash CUT to : ext . white house - west wing - day Kenny , in business suit and tie , trot up the step , and a marine guard snap the door open for he . int . west wing - continuous Kenny , briefcase in hand , weave he way through the empty , ornate hallway of the West wing . past magnificent doorway , early american furniture , painting . he finally reach a doorway , go through into : int . kenny' office - continuous a long , narrow affair , window at the back look out into the Rose Garden . Kenny dump he briefcase on the desk , shuck off he coat , remove a folder from he briefcase , turn and head back out ... int . west wing hall - continuous and into the warren of office and hall that be the work White House . he take a right , pass the door to the oval Office right next to he office , go down a long , straight hall , into ... int . mansion - continuous the formal main building , the executive mansion . he pass the bust of president past , turn leave into a elevator . the door close . int . 3rd floor - family quarter - day the door open . Kenny stride out onto a different floor , the third . he head down the long , posh hall of the family quarter . Fine furnishings , art . the live White House . he approach the double door at the end of the hall guard by a cluster of secret service agent . a agent open one of the door . kenny Morning , floyd . secret service agent good morning , Mr. o'donnell . int . president's bedroom - continuous Kenny enter the elegant bedroom . the figure alone at a side table by the window , drink coffee , breakfast still spread out before he , Washington Post obscure he face . kenny top o' the morning , Mr. President . the figure lower the paper . it be president JOHN f. kennedy . he 's wear boxer and a tank top . unshaven . bed-head . Kenny o' donnell , former ward - pol and long -time Kennedy man , be he Chief of staff ... the president Morning , Kenny . you see this goddamn capehart stuff ? the President rattles the paper . Kenny collapse in the chair opposite the President , sprawl , comfortable . kenny bayh 's go to lose , but it 's good groundwork for we for ' 64 . Kenny steal a piece of butter toast off the President 's plate . the President spare he a glance . the president I be eat that . kenny no you be not . the president ( scan the paper ) I be , you bastard . Kenny take a defiant bite . the president ( cont 'd ) so what have we get today ? kenny today , for you information , be pulaski Day . we be go to buffalo ... smash CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - day superimpose : BUFFALO , new york a luxury hotel crowded with local pol : the Democratic machine of buffalo . Beyond the open floor - to-ceil window , a crowd . the pulaski Day parade , a glimpse of ' 69s americana . High School band blare sousa . the scene be deafen , boisterous . pol trail Kenny as he cross the room : fast , tough , on - the-go . pol # 1 we be put up potowski next time . will you guy come out for he ? kenny who else you get ? pol # 2 there 's Richardson . good kid . kenny get the touch ? pol # 2 yeah . still moldable , too . kenny everyone like a good kid ... and like that , a congressional candidate be make ... Kenny accelerate , leave the pol behind . suddenly , outside the window , the crowd swell forward with a collective roar . crowd mr. president ! president kennedy ! ext . HOTEL - day Kenny head down the step with New York Times Washington Bureau Chief , scotty reston . anonymous , they weave they way through the crowd for a police car on a side street . reston how 's my favorite President ? kenny busy . but you have get he heart . reston I want a hour with he . kenny I say he heart , not he attention . reston Three week before midterm election ? you need I . kenny well . there be a new civil rights initiative he want to talk about . reston I be do a piece on skybolt . I hear macmillan 's meeting with he in nassau . Kenny just sigh as they make they way up to the police car . a secret service agent open the door for he , another be behind the wheel . kenny we be give the brit polaris instead . but a story will just aggravate thing . scotty stare at Kenny , determine . Kenny look away . and he eye catch a tall , willowy beautiful woman . she be talk , excited , embarrassed , to two more secret service agent . what they be say be lose in the noise . scotty follow Kenny 's gaze . then the two man share a look , a silent understanding . Kenny glance at the secret service guy hold the car door , tilt he head at the woman . kenny ( cont 'd ) not today . he 's get tight schedule . the agent nod , head for the other Agents and the beautiful woman . scotty act like nothing have happen . reston pretend there be not a problem will not fix it . he can clear the air on anglo american relation . kenny forget it , scotty . reston let he talk to I , he make macmillan look good , I print it , the british public like it , macmillan owe you . the formula 's exactly what Kenny want to hear . he pretend to consider , pretend to cave as he get in the car . kenny all right , you be in . half hour . reston 's win . but so have Kenny , and he 's make scotty feel tough in the bargain . people like Kenny . int . police car - day in the back seat , Kenny stare out the window at the parade goer . the secret service Agents leave the woman . disappointed , the woman turn and vanish into the crowd . it 's a eerie moment . something trouble Kenny , and he glance up at the sky . a premonition . but it 's a clear , clear blue . a day like this , all be right with the world ... smash CUT to : int . npic - night six interpreter huddle around image on a light table . one of they shoulder he way into the group and thump a black binder on the table . there be grim nod of agreement . the book be open to a picture of a ss-4 ballistic missile . a photo from Moscow mayday parade . a icon of the nuclear age escort like some devil - god to a holocaust ... end MAIN title sequence ext . the white house - day the White House cast long shadow this gorgeous October morning . Blue sky ; the first flash of color in the tree . super : tuesday , october 16th , 1962 . day 1. int . kenny' office - continuous briefcase and coat in hand , Kenny enter he office - and find three men . stand there . thin -haire , bespectacle , academic- look mcgeorge bundy , 43 , the National Security advisor . the two man in the background : photo interpreter . Kenny hang up he coat , see the interpreter ' large black display case . and suddenly the world be slightly off kilter . kenny hey , Mac . you be up bright and early . bundy no , Ken . I need to see he now ... int . white house - residential floor - day Kenny emerge from the elevator with Bundy . they head down the long , posh 3rd floor hall , the presidential detail guard the door at the end . but the familiar route feel strange , and last a eternity . Kenny eye the package under Bundy 's arm , its top secret stamp visible . kenny Morning , floyd . secret service agent good morning , Mr. o'donnell . Mr. Bundy . the agent open the door . Bundy pause , Kenny with he . kenny what 's it about ? bundy Cuba . Bundy be tense . but Kenny relax . kenny just Cuba ? okay , I get work to do , see you guy downstairs . int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny 's office be a raging beehive of activity . Kenny work the phone as assistant come and go with file . kenny ( to phone , scary calm ) listen to I , you worthless piece of disloyal shit . you will pull Daly 's man on the circuit . you owe you goddamn job to this administration . ( beat , listen ) there be a word you need to learn . it be the only word in politics . loyalty . loyalty you motherfuck piece of shit ! as Kenny throws the phone down at the receiver , and the private door to the oval Office suddenly open . Kenny glance up . President Kennedy stand there in the doorway . Kenny think he 's reacting to the tirade . kenny ( cont 'd ) what be you look at ? this be not the bless order of St. Mary the meek . Kenny stop . kenny ( cont 'd ) Excuse we . the assistant leave , shutting the door after they . Kenny rise . the president I think you should come in here . Kenny start for the door . the president ( cont 'd ) still think Cuba be not important ? kenny not as far as the election go . the President let Kenny by into ... int . oval office - continuous we enter from a different angle than we usually enter in movie : through the side door . the President 's ornate desk sit on the right , window look out on the Rose Garden behind it . Kenny 's gaze swivel to : the other end of the room where the interpreter , they crewcut chief , arthur lundahl , 50' , and Bundy stare at he . they be surround by presentation board propped up around the fireplace . the President 's rock chair and sofa . the president you use to look down a bomb sight for a live , Ken . what do you see ? in eerie silence , as all eye follow he , Kenny make he way among the presentation board with the U - 2 imagery , stop in front of the picture of the six canvas -cover object . it unleash a wave of memory . kenny we hit a Nazi buzz bomb field in ' 45 . ( beat , incredulous ) it look like a rocket base ... he put he hand out to touch the image , then turn and look to the President , know what they must be . bundy on Sunday morning , one of we U - 2s take this picture . the Soviets be put medium range ballistic missile into Cuba . shock. silence . Kenny glance to the other man . lundahl they appear to be the ss - 4 : range of a thousand mile , three - megaton nuclear warhead . kenny Jesus Christ in Heaven ... int . white house operator' CENTER - day a bank of white house operator work the switchboard , finger fly , voice overlap in a babble of : various operator please hold for the White House ... Mr. o' donnell for Secretary McNamara ... White House Operator ... please hold ... int . kenny' office - day Kenny carry the phone with he as he pace hard from he desk to he window . kenny the principal be assemble in a hour . see you then . Kenny hang up . the President enter . a beat . and in that beat , there 's a void . the two man be off they emotional stride , try to grope they way out of shock . the president where 's Bobby ? Kenny nod , acknowledge the feel kenny should be here any minute . the president good . and we glimpse the chemistry of this guy by Bobby 's absence . it 's like they be miss they third wheel . the president ( cont 'd ) good . bobby ( o.s. ) where the hell be you ? the President and Kenny hear he out in the hall . and the tension go out of they instantly . the president in here ! they turn to the door as bobby kennedy , 37 , the President 's young brother / Attorney General , enter . Bobby shut the door behind he , fall into Kenny 's chair , and clearly grapple with he own disbelief , be hushed . bobby Jesus Christ , guy . what the hell 's khruschev think ? the president do you have any indication of this from georgi ? any possible warning or sense of motivation ? bobby ( shaking he head ) complete snowjob . and then we go out and tell the country they be not put missile into Cuba . ( beat ) by the way , you realize we just lose the midterm . kenny who give a shit about the midterm now ? the Soviets be put nuclear weapon ninety mile away from we . bobby you mean there 's something more important than vote ? do not think I would live to see the day , Ken . the President pace away , grim . kenny Jesus . I feel like we have catch the jap carrier steaming for Pearl Harbor . int . west wing hallway - day the President stride down the plush hallway , Bobby and Kenny flanking he . unconsciously , all three man assume the same gait : confident , powerful , no longer disorient . and before we eye , the three men' game face appear , and they become the hard - ass leader of the United States . secret service Agents throw open the massive double door to the cabinet room . int . cabinet room - continuous and they enter . the group of man at the long , ornate Roosevelt - era table , rise as one . group good morning , Mr. President . the president good morning , gentleman . and the door close on the eighteen man of excom : the executive Committee of the National Security Council . they be the legendary " best and brightest . " the President make he way down the line : shake hand with Secretary of State dean rusk , 53 , distinguished , with a soft , georgian accent , a distant reserve . the president ( cont 'd ) Dean , good morning . rusk Mr. President . the President lean past he , grasp the hand of the Secretary of Defense ROBERT mcnamara , 46 , a gift managerial genius ... the price of which be a cold , hard personality . the president Bob . Bet you have a late night . mcnamara sleep be for the weak , Mr. President . off to the side , Kenny greet vice President lyndon johnson , 54 , and adlai stevenson , 62 , Representative to the U.N. , intellectual , well - speak . kenny lyndon . adlai . the silver - haire war hero and politically savvy Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff , general maxwell taylor , 5as , shake the President 's hand . the president Max . general taylor mccone 's be notify and be come back from the West coast . Carter 's here , though . he gesture to general marshall carter , deputy Chief of Operations for the CIA . Carter nod to the President . the camera pan over the other . douglas dillon , ex-banker , Secretary of the treasury . roswell gilpatric , studious deputy Secretary of Defense . paul nitze , 55 , the detail - drive fact man , Assistant Secretary of Defense . GEORGE ball , 5as , Undersecretary of State . eloquent , a man of conscience . U. alexis johnson , deputy under Secretary of State . edward martin , Assistant Secretary of State for Latin America . llewellyn thompson , laid back , rumple Soviet affair advisor . don wilson , deputy director of the usia . the President sit down at the center of the table , Rusk and McNamara to either side , and the other resume they seat . Bobby take one of the over-stuffed chair at the table . Kenny find one along the wall behind the President , under the window to the Rose Garden to ted sorensen , 30 , the President 's legal counsel and speech writer . they greet each other coolly . kenny Ted . sorensen Kenny . the room fall silent . the President look across the table to general carter . the president okay . let 's have it . general carter Arthur lundahl head we photographic interpretation division at CIA . I will let he and he boy take you through what we have get . Arthur ? lundahl , stand at the end of the room with briefing board , step forward with a pointer . lundahl gentlemen , as most of you now know a U - 2 over Cuba on Sunday morning take a series of disturbing photograph . swinging the pointer at a board smash cut US to : ext . missile site - los palacios , cuba - day the sweltering Cuban countryside . shout soviet rocket troops , stripped to the waist , glisten with sweat , machete a clear under scattered , limp palm tree . lundahl ( v.o. ) we analysis at npic indicate the Soviet Union have follow its conventional weapon build - up in Cuba with the introduction of surface - to surface medium - range ballistic missile , or mrbm . we official estimate at this time be that this missile system be the ss-4 sandal . we do not believe this missile be as yet operational . a bulldozer tear through the undergrowth . filling the screen . a 70 - foot long missile transporter creep along in the bulldozer 's wake like a vast hearse with its shroud cargo . int . cabinet room - day lundahl rap he second board : a map of the United States , Cuba visible in the lower corner . a arc be draw clearly across the U.S. , encompass the entire Southeast . lundahl ironbark report the ss - 4 can deliver a 3 - megaton nuclear weapon 1000 mile . so far we have identify 32 missile serve by around 3400 man , undoubtedly all Soviet personnel . we city and military installation in the Southeast , as far north as Washington , be in range of this weapon , and in the event of a launch , would only have five minute of warning . general carter five minute , gentleman . five minute . general taylor in that five minute they could kill 80 million Americans and destroy a significant number of we bomber basis , degrade we retaliatory option . the Joint Chiefs ' consensus be that this be a massively destabilize move , upsetting the nuclear balance . the President stare at lundahl , and beat out each word . the president Arthur . are. you. sure ? lundahl look around the room . everyone be hang . lundahl yes , Mr. President . this be nuclear missile . the man come to grip with they own fear , own anger . bobby how long until they be operational ? lundahl General Taylor can answer that question better than I can . General Taylor drop a memo on the table which become : ext . field table - missile site , cuba - day schematics slap down on a camp table . a group of Soviet site engineer point and gesture as they study they ground from a shade hillock . clearing crews and surveyor work and sweat in the distance . general taylor ( v.o. ) gmaic estimate ten to fourteen day . however , a crash program to ready the missile could cut that time . int . cabinet room - day Taylor see the grim look all around . general taylor I have to stress that there may be more missile that we do not know about . we need more U - 2 coverage . Kenny let out he breath . he catch Bobby 's eye . this be unbelievable . the president be there any indication - anything at all - that suggest they intend to use this missile in some sort of first strike ? general carter not at present , sir . but I think the prudent answer be we do not know . the president do we have any sort of intelligence from CIA on what khruschev be think ? general carter no , Mr. President . we do not . we just do not know what 's happen inside the kremlin at that level . bobby they lie to we . two week ago dobrynin tell I to my face khurschev have no intention of put missile into Cuba . they say themselves , this be we backyard . there 's angry agreement . the President cut it off . the president gentlemen , I want first reaction . assume for a moment khruschev have not go off the deep end and intend to start World War Three , what be we look at ? Rusk glance to he team at the end of the table . Ball , Johnson , Martin , Thompson and stevenson . rusk Mr. President , I believe my team be in agreement . if we permit the introduction of nuclear missile to a Soviet satellite nation in we hemisphere , the diplomatic consequence will be too terrible to contemplate . the Russians be try to show the world they can do whatever they want , wherever they want , and we be powerless to stop they . if they succeed ... bobby it will be munich all over again . rusk appeasement only make the aggressor more aggressive . confidence in we security commitment around the world will falter , ally will become unsure in the face of Soviet pressure , and the Soviets will be emboldene to push we even harder . we must remove the missile one way or another . it seem to I the option be either to build up the crisis ' till they give in , or we hit they . a air strike . there 's silence at the table . some nod . understand . the president Bob ? mcnamara we have work up several military scenario . before I ask General Taylor to lead we through the various option , I would like for we to adopt a rule . if we be go to strike , we must agree now that we will do it before the missile become operational . because once they be , I do not think we can guarantee get they all before at least some be launch . and there it be . the clock be run . bundy Sir . we need to consider ... if we decide to act , there 's a good chance we will end up in a general war . the room fall silent . the President lean back in he chair , study the circle of man around the table , weigh they . Kenny and the other watch he in silence . a long , dramatic pause . a course that will change history be about to be choose . the President lean forward , fold he hand on the table . fate . grave . the president it 's clear we cannot permit Soviet nuclear missile in Cuba . we must get that missile out . ext . the rose garden - day Kenny and Bobby follow the President down a path through the Rose Garden . the shock of the morning have wear off . the President stop , look at they . the president I do not think it 's go to matter what khruschev 's intention be . I tell you , right now ... I do not see any way around hit they . a long moment of silence as they move along again . kenny if we hit them , kill a lot of Russians , they will move against Berlin . they attack Berlin , that 's NATO ... and we be at war . the guy stop again . the autumn day be bright , warm , alive . the air , the distant city sound derail the relentless train of logic for a beat . and in they face we see that all three man , for the first time , feel the enormity of war , its shadow over everything . it 's only a couple of step away . step that they be seriously contemplate . bobby damned if we do , but if we do not , we be in a war for sure somewhere else in six month . pain , the President turn away . the president no choice . this be go to cost life any way we go . do nothing , and it could be 80 million of ours . we have to get rid of that missile . kenny there have get to be alternative to just go out and bombing they . bobby he 's right , Jack . Taylor be say we may have some time . we have get to use it . the president so if there be alternative that make sense - and I be not say there be - we need them . need them fast . bobby what about the ally ? Congress ? I think we may need to start let key people know . and they be all scattered across the country for the campaign . we be go to need to get the U.N. staff in and warm up . Jesus ... I do not even know if we have get secure communication with half we embassy since that the Soviets get that cryptographer of ours . the president we can not worry about everything right now . we have get to figure out what we be go to do before we worry about how we do it . kenny the other thing be ... bobby ... I know . CIA and the military fuck we on the Bay of Pigs . kenny they be go to be press for a military solution soon . we can not afford to let they ram they agenda down we throat . we need to come with option other than air strike so we have some sort of choice here . bobby we get a bunch of smart guy . we lock them up together in there , kick them in the ass till they come up with option . Kenny and the President look at he . Bobby nod . bobby ( cont 'd ) I will do it . kenny ( to the President ) it 's too politicize with you in there , anyway . they need to be able to stick they neck out . bobby it will be the principal , a couple of the key guy from each department : the executive Committee of the National Security Council . we will call it excom . Kenny snort a laugh . Bobby shoot he a cross look . kenny excom . have a ring to it . like f-troop . the President stop . Bobby and Kenny stop , too . the president okay . Kenny and I only show for the meeting you call we into . impress we . and do it fast . ( to Kenny ) you be in charge of keep this quiet . if word get out before we know what we be go to do , there will be panic . and it will ruin any chance of surprise if we decide to hit they . kenny then we need to do a few thing right away . no Pierre . he know , the press know . you be go to have to keep up you schedule - you movement be follow too closely . and we need to get this guy out of the White House . George Ball 's get a conference room at state. ( to Bobby ) reconvene over there this afternoon , come back here tonight . Bobby nod . bobby I think we should bring in Dean acheson . he be fight Soviets while we be still work the ward in Boston . the President nod he approval . look at Kenny . the president find he , Kenny . we be go to need all the help we can get . int . west wing - hall outside PRESS office - day Kenny move hard and fast through the twist warren of hallway and tiny office which be the West wing . suddenly , scotty reston pop out of a doorway behind Kenny . reston hey , Kenny ! who die ? Kenny glance over he shoulder at scotty who point to a window . a beat , then Kenny return to look out the window . outside , the West wing drive be filled with limousine . a flash of dismay , but Kenny cover fast . kenny Way it 's go , the Democratic Party . dnc strategy session . if you can call it that . scotty chuckle . Kenny move off , lead he away . Kenny 's assistant run up behind he , hold out a slip of paper . assistant Sir ? Kenny try to look he away . reston it 's Tuesday . you say to call . when do I get my 45 minute ? kenny tell you what . we be in Connecticut tomorrow for ribicoff . I will get you up front with he during the flight . reston deal . assistant Sir . Kenny turn , harsh kenny what be it ? the Assistant eye scotty , hold he tongue . Kenny take the slip . assistant the number you ask for . kenny I ask for a lot of them . whose be it ? assistant Dean acheson 's , sir . that shut Kenny up . reston eye the slip , then look to Kenny 's face . and he know something be not right here . kenny gotta go , scotty . see you tomorrow . int . treasury build garage - night a car jolt to a stop . the camera pan up over the sagging suspension , the government plate , the hood ornament revealing half of excom inside . Kenny stand nearby wait for they . the door open , and out they pile like a bunch of clown : Bobby , McNamara , Rusk , Ball , Martin , dioptric , sorensen , stevenson , and nitze . they be sit in each other ' lap , bang they head on the roof , joke , but tense . bobby screw secrecy . you try have that fat ass sit on you lap all the way from foggy bottom . mcnamara you be excited . I say no more . the gang fall in behind Kenny , trail he out of the garage . int . tunnel to white house - night a steel door unlock , swing open , and Kenny march at the head of the wedge of man into a long tunnel . it 's the infamous old passage from the treasury to the White House . Kenny and Bobby get a little ahead of the other . bobby everybody agree the diplomatic route be out . it 's too slow , and they will have the missile finish . Kenny look at he . then there 's only one alternative . the camera wipe through the ceiling to : ext . white house - night ground level . where the brilliantly - light flag flutter over the spotlit White House : they destination . int . cabinet room - night general walter ' cam ' sweeney , head of tactical Air Command , stand at the head of the table with a presentation board . the man of excom gather around sweeney in they rumple shirt , nursing coffee and cigarettes . general sweeney we have 850 plane assemble at homestead , eglin , opa locka , macdill , Patrick , pensacola and Key West . smash CUT to : ext . homestead afb - florida - night a F - 100 Super sabre stand under light on a taxiway . the camera descend from its overhead shot , discover the aircraft 's sleek cockpit , menace tiger - jaw paint job , the four 20 mm cannon on its nose . general sweeney ( v.o. ) due to the tropical foliage , the oplan call for high - explosive and napalm loadout for we ground attack sorty . pull back to reveal : the flight line where a full strike wing stand beyond this plane , pylon laden with weapon , ground crew service they . int . cabinet room - continuous other excom member draw near the board , its order of battle , strike map . they be grim , but fascinate . empower . intoxicate . sexy . Kenny see it in the face , even the President 's . adlai do too , be upset . adlai I still think there be diplomatic approach we have not consider yet . Kenny look at adlai . the other around the room , embarrassed , do not respond . the group have move on and stevenson have not . general taylor we have high confidence in the expand air strike option . ( beat ) the problem , Mr. President , be that it 's a short - term solution . khruschev can send more missile next month . the Chiefs and I believe we should follow up the air strike with the full version of oplan 316 . the president a invasion ... general taylor yes , sir . we can be sure we get all the missile , and we remove castro so this can never happen again . Kenny look around the room at the man , the murmur of general agreement , sense the consensus building and be agitate . the president be this the Chiefs ' recommendation ? general taylor yes , sir . we best option be to commence the strike before the missile be operational . the invasion happen eight day later . the President lean back in he chair , turn to the man at the far end of the table : dean acheson , 60 , former Secretary of State . he sit silent , like some revere oracle , the architect of the american cold War strategy of containment . the president Dean . what do you think ? acheson arch a eyebrow , and when he speak , he voice resonate throughout the room , powerful , smooth , hypnotic . acheson Mr. President , you have rightly dismiss the diplomatic option . the Soviet will only tie you down in negotiation , and leave we short of we goal , the removal of the missile . negotiate will do nothing more than give they time to make the missile operational , complicate the necessary military task we have at hand . everyone in the room listen to he with rapt attention , he presence overshadow the room , oracular : acheson ( cont 'd ) for the last fifteen year , I have fight here at this table along side you predecessor in the struggle against the Soviet . gentlemen , I do not wish to seem melodramatic , but I do wish to impress upon you one observation with all conceivable sincerity . a lesson I have learn with bitter tear and great sacrifice . ( beat ) the Soviet understand only one language : action . it respects only one word : force . Kenny stare at the old man . acheson 's gaze find he through the cigarette smoke . acheson 's eye travel to the President . acheson ( cont 'd ) I concur with General Taylor . I recommend , sir , air strike follow by invasion , perhaps precede by a ultimatum to dismantle the missile if military necessity permit . Taylor nod , vindicate . the other murmur they approval . Bobby , at the table in front of Kenny and to he leave , trade a dire look with Kenny . this be happen too fast . Bobby hold he head , look about at the other , deeply distress . the President sink back in he chair , stare at acheson . the president then it appear we have three option . number one . a surgical air strike against the missile themselves . two , a larger air strike against they air defense along with the missile . Kenny eye Bobby . Bobby be write something . the president ( cont 'd ) and three , invasion . Bobby look over he shoulder at Kenny , and reach back to he with a fold note . Kenny take it , open it . it read now I know who tojo felt planning pearl harbor . the president ( cont 'd ) we be certainly go to do number one ; we be go to take out this missile , so it seem to I we do not have to wait very long . we ought to at least be make that preparation . Kenny give Bobby a curt nod . Bobby tilt he head at the President : pass the note on to he . Kenny rise , slip the note in front of the President . the President unfold the note , and we hold on it and he reaction as in the b.g. , out of focus , Taylor speak : general taylor yes , sir , we be prepare to implement all three option , though I must stress again , sir , there be risk to the strike without the follow - on invasion . Bundy clear he throat . speak from somewhere down the table . bundy you want to be clear , Mr. President , that we have definitely decide against a political track . the President fold the note away , glance at Bobby . a beat , the President look from Bobby to acheson . the president Dean , how do this play out ? acheson you first step , sir , will be to demand that the Soviet withdraw the missile within 12 to 24 hour . they will refuse . when they do , you will order the strike , follow by the invasion . they will resist , but will be overrun . they will retaliate against a target somewhere else in the world , most likely Berlin . we will honor we treaty commitment and resist they there , defeat they per we plan . the president that plan call for the use of nuclear weapon . ( beat ) and what be the next step ? acheson sit back in he chair , smooth he moustache . a dramatic beat , and then he ominous pronouncement ring out : acheson hopefully cooler head will prevail before we reach the next step . a chill run down Kenny 's spine . he look in shock to the President . the President remain calm . but in place of the fated look the President have have , there 's a hesitation . int . west wing hall - night acheson stride down the hall , Taylor , sweeney , Carter and Bundy sweep along behind he . Bundy be on the defensive , the other grim . general taylor if McNamara would get off the fence ... bundy we have time . general carter goddamn it , it 's obvious . it 's the only option . that asshole , stevenson . we can not let this drag out or we lose we shot . bundy bomb they ... acheson remember that the kennedy ' father be one of the architect of munich . the General be right . there be only one responsible choice here . Bundy just nod . Taylor grab a door ahead for acheson . acheson ( cont 'd ) let 's pray appeasement do not run in family . I fear weakness do . and the man head into a stairwell go down . int . oval office - night grimace in pain . he open a pill bottle , take two pill out . he take a whiskey in a shot glass from Kenny . resume Kenny finish pour he and Bobby a couple of more shot , discreetly turn a blind eye to the President 's pain . the President return from he desk , shirt untucked , dishevel , back stiff . he ease into he rock chair . Bobby lie sprawle on the couch . Kenny sit down . they all look at each other . a beat , something like shock . kenny Jesus Christ almighty ... they burst out laugh . a absurd , tension drain moment . they shoot they drink , Kenny refill . kenny ( cont 'd ) call I irish , but I do not believe in cooler head prevaile . the president acheson 's scenario be unacceptable . and he have more experience than anyone . kenny there be no expert on this subject , no wise old man . the President stare Kenny in the face , understanding . the president the thing be , acheson 's right . talk alone will not accomplish anything . Kenny consider the President , he face straight as he say : kenny then let 's bomb the shit out of they . everyone want to , even you , even I . ( there 's a point ) it sure would feel good . the President see what Kenny 's say : it would be a emotional response , not necessarily the intelligent one . bobby Jack , I be as connive as they come , but a sneak attack be just wrong . kenny he 's right . and thing be happen too fast . it smell like the Bay of Pigs all over again . Bobby pick up some reconnaissance photo on the coffee table . bobby as if deal with the Russians be not hard enough , we gotta worry about we own house . the president tonight , listen to Taylor and acheson , I keep see burke and dulle tell I all I have to do be sign on the dot line . the invasion would succeed . castro would be go . just like that . easy . the President be render mute by a wave of pain . Kenny and Bobby aver they eye . when it pass , the President be hushed , grave . the president ( cont 'd ) there 's something ... immoral about abandon you own judgement . Kenny nod , move . the President reach out for the reconnaissance photo Bobby 's flipping through . Bobby hand they to he . the President look they over . and when he speak , there 's humility . and resolve . the president ( cont 'd ) we can not let thing get ahead of themselves . we have get to control what happen . we be go to do what we have to make this come out right . excom be we first weapon . ( beat ) we will resort to other as we need them . ext . airport - bridgepoint , connecticut - day super : wednesday , october 17th . day 2 a long shot of a enormous crowd thronging a bunt - trim platform . the President , barely recognizable at the distance , and a cluster of political vip wave from it , smile . Kenny step into frame , back here at the fringe of the crowd . the president ( o.s. ) do not anybody in Connecticut have to work today ? the crowd go nut . Kenny pace , check he watch , impatient to be do with the necessary diversion . Kenny gaze off to he right and spot scotty reston , along with half the White House press corps sucker along . scotty catch Kenny 's look . Kenny turn away , but scotty come weaving over . the President continue on , but all we hear be scotty and Kenny . reston Kenny ! what happen ? they do not let I up front , say the President be on the phone the whole time . kenny he be . reston yeah ? who be he talk to ? acheson ? come on , o'donnell , everyone 's wonder what 's go on . what 's acheson do in town ? and do not give I some bullshit about dnc think tank . acheson 's Mr. cold War . kenny why do not you ask he yourself ? you can have he on the way home . reston I be give you a chance here : talk to I . you can influence how this thing unfold . but Kenny stand there , mute . reston just shake he head , know for sure something 's up . he turn and head back for the press corps . ext . stair to AIR force one - day Kenny and the President climb the stair to the presidential plane , the crowd cheer he . he give a final wave . the president let 's get out of here . kenny cheer up , you have neutralize the entire White House Press Corps for a day . int . GEORGE ball conference room - day excom meet in George Ball 's small conference room at the State Department . Bobby , in shirtsleeve , pace at the head of the table , very , very alone . all eye be on he . bobby no. no. no . there be more than one option here . if one be not occur to we , it 's because we have not think hard enough . McNamara squirm . the other react in frustration . CIA chief JOHN mccone , sharp , tough , conservative , be harsh . mccone sometimes there be only one right choice , and you thank God when it 's clear . bobby you be talk about a sneak attack ! how will that make we look ? Big country blast a little one into the stone age . we will be real favorite around the world . acheson Bobby , that 's naive . this be the real world , you know that better than anybody . you argument be ridiculous . mccone you be not so ethically particular when we be talk about option for remove castro over at CIA . and there 's nothing Bobby can say to that . he prop himself up on the table , stare at it as if there 's a answer in its shiny surface somewhere . there be only the reflection of he own face . bobby I can not let my brother go down in History like a villain , like a tojo , order another Pearl Harbor . mccone , acheson , and Taylor share a look . the last resistance to airstrike be crumble . finally , Bobby look up at McNamara . bobby ( cont 'd ) Bob . if we go ahead with this air strike ... ( beat ) there 's get to be something else . give it to I . I do not care how crazy , inadequate or stupid it sound . ( beat , plead ) give it to I . McNamara suffer under the gaze of everyone at the table , weigh the situation out . and finally he venture . mcnamara six month ago we game out a scenario . it 's slow . it do not get rid of the missile . there be a lot of drawback . ( beat ) the scenario be for a blockade of Cuba . super : thursday , october 18th . day 3 int . oval office - day Kenny enter the office from he side door in the middle of a debate . military uniform dominate the room : General Taylor , General sweeney , and a host of briefing officer . general taylor the situation be worse than we think . we count 40 missile now , longer range irbm . they can hit every city in the continental U.S. the President stare out the window at the Rose Garden , he back to Air Force Chief of staff general curtis lemay , 60 . beetle -brow , arrogant , the archetypal cold War general . yet there be something about he , he intelligence perhaps , that suggest he 's play a role he know and believe in . the only other civilian in the room be Bobby , Bundy and McNamara . the pressure from the military be almost physical . lemay Mr. President , as of this moment my plane be ready to carry out the air strike . all you have to do be give I the word , sir , and my boy will get that Red bastard . the President continue stare out the window . Kenny ease over to the desk , lean on it , arm fold , interpose himself between the President and the soldier . Bobby join he , side - by-side . the president how long until the army be ready ? general taylor we have just begin the mobilization under cover of a pre-arranged exercise , sir . we be look at another week and a half , Mr. President . lemay but you can begin the strike , now . the plan call for a eight - day air campaign . it would light a fire under the army 's ass to get in place . that make the President turn around , stare at lemay . the president General lemay , do you truly believe that 's we best course of action ? lemay Mr. President , I believe it be the only course of action . american be in danger . that missile be a threat to we bomber basis and the safety of we nuclear deterrent . without we deterrent , there 's nothing to keep the enemy from choose general nuclear war . it 's we duty , we responsibility to the american people to take out that missile and return stability to the strategic situation . the Big Red Dog be digging in we back yard , and we be justified in shoot he . Taylor step in softly , smoothly : good cop to lemay 's bad . general taylor Sir , we have a rapidly close window of opportunity where we can prevent that missile from ever become operational . the other option ... he spare a look at McNamara , who watch the firework , arm fold , serious . general taylor ( cont 'd ) ... do not guarantee the end result we can guarantee . however , the more time that go by , the less reliable the choice we can offer you become . the President , partially defuse , look from Taylor to McNamara . lemay step forward , softer now , sincere . lemay Mr. President , the motto I choose for sac be ' peace be we profession . ' God forbid we find ourselves in a nuclear exchange . but if launch , that missile in Cuba would kill a lot of Americans . that 's why I be be such a pain in the ass about destroy they . destroy they immediately . Hell , even Mac agree . Bundy be uncomfortable . everyone turn to he . he nod . Kenny realize he 's be co-opt by the military . McNamara do too , let out a deep breath . the President eye Bundy , then pace out from behind he desk , walk up to lemay . the president General , what will the Soviets do when we attack ? lemay nothing . Kenny , Bobby and the President look at each other , unable to believe what they just hear . the president nothing ? lemay nothing . because the only alternative open to they be one they can not choose . his pronouncement hang there in the air : ominous , dangerous . the president that be not just missile we will be destroy . we kill Soviet soldier , and they will respond . how would we respond if they kill ours ? no , they will do something , General , I promise you that . and I believe it will be Berlin . int . west wing hallway - day lemay walk out of the oval Office with Taylor , Carter and they staffer . lemay that goddamn kennedy be go to destroy this country if we do not do something about this . there be dark look on the face of the other officer . they agree . int . kenny' office - day as the meeting next door disperse , the President rummages through Kenny 's jacket which hang on Kenny 's chair . Kenny , bemuse , hold out the package of cigarettes the President be look for . kenny I be hope lemay push you . I would not mind go a few round with he . the President glance up , take the proffer smoke . the president we know it be come . I tell you , Kenny , this brass hat have one big advantage . we do what they want we to , none of we will be alive to tell them they be wrong . Bobby , Rusk and sorensen enter from the hall . sorensen Mr. President , gromyko should be on he way by now . rusk we need to go over what you be go to say . bobby there 's still no sign they know that we know about the missile . be a lot of cloud cover ; probably think we be not get any good product . the president we keep them in the dark as long as we can . but I sure as hell be go to test he . int . west wing hall - day Kenny come out of the bathroom , and be buttonhole by the crewcut , bullet - head Press Secretary , pierre salinger , in the crowded , busy hallway . salinger Kenny , I be get funny question from the guy in the press office . as Press Secretary , I need to know . what 's go on ? Kenny wheel back into he office . it 's fill with people . but he bend confidentially to Pierre 's ear . kenny they be plan to shave you bald next time you fall asleep on the bus . ( off Pierre 's get-serious look ) sorry , Pierre , gromyko just arrive . int . kenny' office - day the Press Corps throng Kenny 's tiny office , push and shove for a vantage at the side door to the oval Office , wait for the gromyko photo - op . Kenny stand shoulder - to shoulder with reston and sorensen near the door . reston be they go to discuss the military exercise go on in Florida ? Kenny do not even blink , but sorensen do a poorer job at hide he reaction . kenny come on , scotty . this meeting 's be on the book for month . it 's just a friendly talk on U.S. - Soviet relation . fortunately , the conversation be cut short as a dozen flashbulb suddenly go off on a dozen camera as the reporter crush in on the oval Office , and reston be sweep forward . kenny' Pov : over the reporter . the President , unsmile , enter the room beside Soviet foreign Minister , andrei gromyko . gromyko pause for the photo : grim , dark haire , saturnine . resume Kenny react . at last , the face of the enemy . int . oval office - night the camera pick up the darken window : the meeting have go long . the camera move past Kenny and sorensen stand in the doorway to Kenny 's office , find the President in he chair across from gromyko on the sofa . Rusk , ambassador anatoly dobrinyn , and two interpreter around they . the president so that there should be no misunderstanding , the position of the United States , which have be make clear by the Attorney General to ambassador dobrynin here , I shall read a sentence from my own statement to the press date September 13th . ( beat , read ) should missile or offensive weapon be place in Cuba , it would present the gravest threat to U.S. national security . the President stare at gromyko as the translator finish translate . gromyko sit there , enigmatic , cold , unreadable . the translator finish , and gromyko stop he with a gesture so he can answer in he own accented English . gromyko Mr. President , this will never be do . you need not be concerned . the President hide he fury masterfully , and gaze over he glass , ask : the president so I do not misunderstand you : there be no offensive weapon in Cuba . a beat . and gromyko 's response be flat , sure , steady : gromyko no , Mr. President . we have send defensive weapon only to Cuba . Kenny 's blaze eye could drill hole in the back of gromyko 's head . his gaze swing to the president's desk . beneath the desk sit the briefing board with the evidence . int . west wing hallway - night Kenny emerge from he office . the Soviet delegation disappear down the hallway with Rusk . Kenny turn as Bobby , haggard , come up from the other direction . Bobby gesture to the vanish delegation , now be harangued oc by the press . bobby what happen ? the President come out of the next door down the hall , the oval Office . he turn and see Kenny and Bobby . he 's livid . the president lying bastard . lied to my face . bobby we be split down the middle . if I hold a vote I think airstrike would beat blockade by a vote or two . the president I want a consensus , Bobby . consensus . either air strike or blockade . something everyone will stand by even if they do not like it . I need it by Saturday . make it happen . bobby what if I can not ? kenny we go into this split , the Russians will know it . and they will use it against we . the prospect disturb the three man . the president have you cancel Chicago and the rest of the weekend yet ? kenny you do not show for Chicago , everyone will know there 's something go on . the president I do not care . cancel it . kenny no way . the President spin on he , unsure he hear correctly . kenny ( cont 'd ) I be not call and cancelling on Daly . you call and cancel on Daly . the president you be scared to cancel on Daly . kenny damn right I be scared . the President pause , look at Bobby . Bobby shake he head : do not look at I . the president well , I be not . bobby then you will call , right ? int . hallway - sheraton -blackstone HOTEL - night super : friday , october 19th . day 4 then super : chicago Kenny thread he way through the host of secret service agent and advance man cram the hallway on the floor of the hotel they have take over . from one of the room emerge salinger . salinger Kenny , all right . what 's go on here ? there 's rumor go around a exercise in the southeast be related to Cuba . I be the Press Secretary . I can not do my job if I do not know what 's go on . so what 's go on ? kenny what be you tell they ? salinger the truth : I do not know . kenny ( deadly serious ) tell them you have look into it , and all it be be a exercise . and Pierre -- ( beat , load ) the President may have a cold tomorrow . Kenny stare at he , and the light dawns on Pierre . something big be go on and he 's be cut out of it . he stalk off . salinger damn it , Kenny . goddamn it ! int . reception hall - sheraton-blackstone - night a big 100 - dollar - a- plate dinner be in full swing to a dinner band 's tune . the President and Chicago mayor richard daly make the round among the fund raise crowd . Kenny follow they at a respectful distance , greeting old croney . suddenly a messenger hustle over to Kenny , hand he a note . Kenny make eye contact with the President , nod and leave . int . HOTEL elevator - night Kenny wait at the elevator . scotty saunter up behind he . he size Kenny up , clear he throat . Kenny turn around . reston there be major rail disruption in the South , two airborne division be on alert . that exercise be a invasion . kenny well , you know how Bobby have it in for the State of Mississippi . reston this be about Cuba . Kenny freeze , then explode . kenny Cuba ? you be fuck crazy . we be not invade Cuba . nobody give a rat 's ass about Cuba . not now , not ever . if you print something like that , all you be go to do be inflame the situation . nobody talk to asshole who inflame situation . asshole like that can find themselves cut out of the loop . reston be take aback . stung silence for a beat . Kenny 's response be far louder than any " yes . " now Kenny realize it . reston you have never threaten I before . and Kenny look away , upset , but when he turn back to reston , all that 's there be he poker face . the elevator arrive . reston ( cont 'd ) all right . I be not go to print anything until I have another source . but I promise you , I will get one . Kenny board the elevator . the door shut on scotty . int . elevator - continuous Kenny close he eye , sag against the wall , hat himself . int . kenny' room - continuous Kenny enter he hotel room . a Assistant wait with the phone , hand it straight to Kenny . kenny ( to Assistant ) tell Pierre I need to talk to he . ( to phone ) Bobby ? int . outer room - GEORGE ball office - night excom file past Bobby out of George Ball 's conference room . bobby bring he back . ext . STREET outside sheraton -blackstone HOTEL - day super : saturday , october 20th . day 5 the President emerge from the hotel , a hat on he head . the Press and a crowd surge forward , cry out for the President 's attention . Kenny slide into the limo first as the President wave to the crowd . salinger wait on the sidewalk , and after the limo pull away , the Press push in on he . Pierre 's face be pale - he 's just be tell everything . salinger the President have a cold . he be cancelling the remainder of this trip and be return to Washington on the advice of he doctor . int . white house mansion - oval room - day the White House oval room : opulent , fill with priceless art and furniture , but cramped . excom member crowd around the center coffee table and the President . Kenny stand behind he with Bobby . Rusk rise from he seat , formal . rusk Mr. President , we deliberation have lead we to the conclusion that , for the moment , a blockade of offensive weapon to Cuba be we best option . but we will still need a strong show of support from the Organization of american States to give we a umbrella of legitimacy . at long last ... Kenny look at Bobby , relieved . they have buy time to find a settlement . Bobby smile a small smile : what be you so worried about ? mcnamara a blockade be technically a act of war , therefore we recommend call the action a quarantine . McNamara folder in hand , open it , smash cutting US to : ext . atlantic ocean - day a soviet freighter churn its way south . mcnamara ( v.o. ) there be between 20 and 30 Soviet ship underway to Cuba at this time . the camera race along its side , discover tarpulined object on deck , and on its stack , the red hammer and sickle . mcnamara ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) 800 mile out , the navy will stop they , board , and any vessel contain weapon will be turn back . CUT to : the destroyer u.s.s. JOHN R. pierce put out to sea , sailor racing over its deck , through hatches to its 5 - inch gun turret . the ship race by , american flag stream from its stern distaff , filling the screen , wiping to : int . white house mansion - oval room - continuous the President . he listen , look over the briefing papers as McNamara continue . everyone watch the President . mcnamara a quarantine prevent more missile from reach Cuba , but it do not remove the one already there . it give the Soviets a chance to pull back without war . if they refuse to remove the missile before they be operational , we retain the option to strike or invade . bobby we believe that a surprise attack would be counter to what the United States stand for . we believe that a attack leave we no room for maneuver , and the inevitable Soviet response will force we into a war we do not want . a war that , this time , will really end all war . mccone Mr. President , there be still that of we who believe we should proceed with the strike . with the blockade , we lose strategic surprise and we run the risk of a first strike if the Soviets decide they have to use the missile or lose they . the President gaze from one expectant face to another . but he himself remain unreadable . the president quarantine or air strike . adlai clear he throat . everyone look over at he . he stare down at he clasped hand for a beat . he 's anguish about what he 's go to say . adlai there be a third option . with either course we undertake the risk of nuclear war . it seem to I maybe one of we in here should be a coward . he smile weakly , but get no response from anyone . adlai ( cont 'd ) so I guess I will be . we third choice be to cut a deal . we trade Guantanamo and we missile in Turkey , get they to pull they missile out . we employ a back channel , attribute the idea to U thant . U thant then raise it at the U.N. adlai look for support around the room , but meet only stony gaze . from mccone and General Taylor , contempt . Dead silence for a long , long beat . Kenny 's heart go out to stevenson as he watch the man commit political suicide . even sorensen , stand behind he , unconsciously move away . at last the President speak . the president I do not think that 's possible , adlai . ( beat , to the room ) I will be ask the network for air time Monday night . I have not yet make my final decision . we will announce we course of action then . I want to thank you all for you advice , gentleman . ext . truman balcony - day Kenny , Bobby , and the President lean on the railing of the Truman balcony , stare out at the city . bobby goddman stevenson . Jesus . peace at any price . you would think nobody learn anything from World War two . the president somebody have to say it . I respect adlai for have the gut to risk look like a appeaser . bobby we have to pull he . he 's not go to be able to handle the Soviets in front of the U.N. Zorin will eat he alive . the president we have get bigger problem right now . kenny we have to try the blockade . it probably will not work . it may just be delay the inevitable . but we can not just go to war without try not to . the president I do not know . I do not know . he stare out at the ellipse where a little - league football game sweep across the grass , the shout and scream of the child , so alive , float to they on the wind . ext . patio - jim rowe's house - night a crowded D.C. party spill out of Jim rowe 's house onto he patio . Kenny step into frame . he look at the partygoer , the Washington social set . he stand out , oppress by the knowledge he 's unable to share . he take a stiff drink . suddenly out of the house totter adlai , highball in hand . glassy -ey , he grin at Kenny and join he . adlai just can not get away from you guy . escape for a night on the town , eh ? kenny as the town 's most popular playboy , the President feel my presence would be sorely miss . so in the interest of National Security ... Kenny shrug . adlai take a long drink , close he eye . adlai gotta keep up appearance . of course , I do not care anymore . I be a political dead man . you ever see a man cut he own throat like I do today ? Kenny have no answer to that . he look down , pain for adlai . adlai ( cont 'd ) well , it 's all right . ( beat ) I come to tell you , just talk to a friend . reston and frankel have the story . it 's go to run tomorrow . int . bedroom - jim rowe's house - later Kenny , shut in the bedroom , pace on the phone . kenny we be not go to make it to Monday . I will try to lean on reston , but you be go to have to call orville dryfoos . this be the sort of decision the publisher make himself . int . orville dryfoos ' kitchen - continuous New York Times publisher orville dryfoos sit at he kitchen table in he underwear , still half - asleep , phone to he ear . dryfoos yes , sir , I understand . but we hold on Bay of Pigs and it be the biggest mistake of my life . what make this any different ? int . president's bedroom - continuous the President , on the phone , stop pace by he bedside table and exhales . the president I be ask you to hold the story until I can present we course of action on Monday night . int . orville dryfoos ' kitchen - continuous dryfoos all right . but I need a reason to give my boy . they be go to be scream for my head on a plate . int . president's bedroom - continuous the president orville . I want you to tell they this : they will be save life . maybe even include they own . int . orville dryfoos ' kitchen - continuous at that , dryfoos sit up . serious . all resistance go . dryfoos yes , Mr. President . int . ST . stephen' church - day super : sunday , october 21st . day 6 ave maria soar over the communion meditation at a crowded Sunday mass . Kenny , in a pew , glance off to he leave . the President sit nearby , head bow . but Kenny know he 's not think about the mass . and when the President at last lift he head , Kenny see the calm poise . the President have make up he mind ... int . kenny' office - day Bobby barge into Kenny 's office . Kenny , know he unique entry , do not bother to look up . kenny acheson call , degaulle 's with we ; have not hear from anyone else yet . Kenny finally look up . Bobby 's grim . and a icicle form in Kenny 's gut as Bobby relay . bobby he want to talk to lemay again . int . oval office - day Kenny , Bobby , McNamara , Rusk , Bundy and half of excom stand to the side of the room . General sweeney and lemay stand in front of the President 's desk . the President , bow in the window , be care - wear , a thousand year old . the shadow , the composition of the shot tell we all . it 's down to what 's in the heart of one man . Kenny be deeply move at he friend 's gethsemane . the president cam , can you guarantee I you will get all the missile ? sweeney glance at lemay . lemay 's stern , freeze look will he to say , very simply , " yes . " but then the President turn around , look sweeney in the eye . it would make machiavelli himself tell the truth . general sweeney Sir , I can guarantee we will get all the missile we know about . the President hold sweeney in he gaze . thank you . lemay Mr. President , we can get better than ninety percent of they . the President do not respond to lemay 's last- ditch appeal . ninety - percent be not good enough with nuclear weapon . he move to he desk , sign a paper , hand it to General sweeney . the president as of seven o'clock Monday night , all United States armed force world wide will stand up to defcon 3 . ext . barksdale afb - sunset super : monday , october 22nd . day 7 a deafening whine . and into frame yawn the enormous spin mouth of a B - 52 bomber jet engine . it close on we , suck we in like a maelstrom , but at the last second the camera slipstream over it -- -- carry we over the aircraft 's wing . the camera pivot and the vast war machine crawl away underneath join -- -- a long line of identical behemoth , in single file inching down a taxi way which vanish into the distance . as the plane 's immense vertical tail wipe our view : ext . missile silo - night the camera race toward a spotlighted concrete emplacement , over the immense blast door which be slide open , and down -- int . missile silo - continuous -- into the depth of a missile silo . the camera speed down the side of the titan missile , through cloud of steaming liquid hydrogen , past fueling hose which clamp one by one to the rocket 's side , past gantry arm pull away . the camera hurtle all the way to the bottom , smashing through the floor to : ext . carribean sea - night the dark ocean , whitecap whipping luminous around the aircraft carrier , u.s.s. essex and she escort . running light flash red and green . the carrier 's siren begin a lonely , eerie woop woop woop woop like some immense creature which have lose its mind . the ship fill the screen , cutting US into : int . west wing - continuous the door to the cabinet room . a beat . then they swing wide . the President emerge , livid fury on he face , leave chaos behind : the congressional briefing . Kenny come out a beat later , catch up with he . kenny you would worry that something be wrong if Congress offer you unconditional support . the president they want this fuck job , they can have it . it 's no great joy to I . the President exhales , get control . the president ( cont 'd ) the elect representative of the people have speak ... ( beat ; determine ) now let 's tell the people ... int . oval office - night Kenny stand there in the doorway , arm fold . as we pull away from he , we reveal the three network t.v. cameras stare straight at we . they red light go on as one , and we swing around reversing to : the President at he desk : telegenic , powerful . the president good evening , my fellow citizen . this government , as promise , have maintain the close surveillance of the Soviet military build - up on the island of Cuba ... ext . barksdale afb - night the first B - 52 trundle to a stop at the end of the runway . it begin to throttle - up , the roar of its engine mount ... the president ( v.o. ) ... unmistakable evidence have now establish the fact that a series of missile site be in preparation on that imprison island . the purpose of this basis can be none other than to prove a nuclear strike capability against the western hemisphere ... -- and drowning out the President 's speech as the plane lurch forward , down the runway into the night . ext . missile silo - night the titan solo door grind OPEN . and the missile inside begin to rise into the white bath of the cross spotlight . the president ( v.o. ) therefore , in the defense of we own security and under the authority of the constitution , I have direct that the follow initial step be take . first , to halt this offensive build - up , a strict quarantine -- ext . carribean sea - night the President 's word conjure the essex battlegroup , its destroyer plunging through heavy seas , light up in the night . the president ( v.o. ) -- on all offensive military equipment under shipment to Cuba be be initiate . all ship of any kind bound for Cuba , if find to contain cargo of offensive weapon , will be turn back . second : I have direct the continue and increase close surveillance of Cuba and its military build - up . should this offensive military preparation continue , further action will be justified -- ext . over the florida strait - night a flight of f-4 phantom drop into frame , light flash . the president ( v.o . ) -- I have direct the armed force to prepare for any eventuality . int . oval office - night a beat . and the President look up from he note . the president and third : it shall be the policy of this nation to regard any nuclear missile launch from Cuba against any nation in the western hemisphere as a attack by the Soviet Union on the United States , require a full retaliatory response upon the Soviet Union ... the chill word hang there in the air . bleeding in : the rise and fall woop woop woop woop which become -- ext . carribean sea - night -- the voice of the Essex battlegroup : sparkling , alive , a constellation of light scattered across the sea . one by one the escort ship answer the carrier 's siren with they own wail cry , a alien chorus among the ship , disappear and reappearing in the swell . the communication crescendos to its fever pitch -- -- and then the battlegroup go to blackout . like a die universe , the answer siren cut off , the life -light wink out , and a appall darkness fall across the sea ... fade out blackness , like before a curtain rise . and then a flicker : a fluorescent light come on . int . bathroom - west wing - day super : tuesday , october 23rd . day 8 Kenny , stripped to the waist , sorensen and Bundy shave in nearby sink . Bobby barge in . bobby we be get the Soviet response . int . kenny' office - moment later speck of shave cream still on he face , Kenny pace , read the inky carbon as Bobby , Bundy and sorensen read copy . kenny this be all rhetoric . ( realize ) they do not know how to respond yet . Kenny look up . the President enter from the oval Office . the president so now you be khurschev . what do you do ? int . cabinet room - day Kenny , arm fold , stand behind the President , the rest of excom be look at he . kenny -- run the blockade . they will run the blockade . admiral GEORGE anderson , 5as , dapper , the Chief of Naval Operations , nod from the far end of the table . admiral anderson which be exactly what they appear to be prepare to do , Mr. President . we be tracking 26 ship inbound to Cuba . there 's no sign they be change course . the close ship , the gagarin and the kimovsk , will make the quarantine line by this time tomorrow . mcnamara we be concerned about the possibility of a incident with a innocent cargo carrier . if it turn ugly , the Russians could use a ugly incident and bad world opinion as leverage to force we to remove the quarantine . mccone or they could use it as a excuse to escalate . bobby Admiral Anderson , if the ship do not stop , what exactly be we rule of engagement ? Anderson signal a briefing officer who hit the light and a overhead projector which smash cut to : int . bridge - u.s.s. JOHN R. pierce - day the bridge of the u.s.s. John pierce , a gearing class destroyer . a radio operator address a mike in Russian . admiral anderson ( v.o. ) Russian - speaker have be transfer to all of we ship . once the quarantine take effect in the morning , we ship will attempt to make radio contact with the approach vessel . they will be order to reduce speed and prepare for inspection . int . weapon ' locker - u.s.s. pierce - day marine in flak jacket grab m - 16 off a rack , race by . ext . u.s.s. pierce - aft deck - day a ship 's boat full of Marines lower away , hit the water , engine spraying as it launch forward - in dress rehearsal . admiral anderson ( v.o. ) a inspection party will then board and search the ship . if weapon be find , the ship will be order to leave the quarantine area or be tow into port upon refusal . int . cabinet room - day all eye be on Admiral Anderson 's overhead projection . Bobby , restless , get up , begin pace . bobby what happen if the ship do not stop for inspection or want to be tow ? admiral anderson a warning shot will be fire across its bow . Bobby stop , stare directly at the Admiral . bobby and what happen if the ship ignore the warning shot ? admiral anderson then we fire at its rudder , disable it , and carry out the inspection . Kenny look at the President who remain unmove , unreadable . the president there will be no shoot without my explicit order . be that understand ? admiral anderson yes , sir . the President glance at McNamara . the president well , Admiral , it look like it 's up to the navy . admiral anderson the navy will not let you down , sir . the president General , have we develop any more information on the missile ? general taylor they be continue to proceed with the development . we be commence low - level photography run this morning . mccone the picture will be use to firm up we estimate of the missile ' readiness and develop target package for strike should you order they . general taylor we guy run this show be the best . Commander Bill ecker of the navy 's vfp 62 , the fightin ' photo . something of a character , but the high efficiency rating we have ever have . he push ecker 's personnel file across the table , and as the President open it , on eckeer photo , we smash CUT to : int . ready room - key west naval AIR station - day the man himself , commander bill ecker , 30 , play card , smoking cigar with he wingman , lieutenant bruce wilhemy and the pilot of vfp - 62 , the ' fightin ' photo . ' they lounge , tinker with equipment . they ready room be fill with pin up , movie poster , and all thing photographic . ecker 75 millimeter , I be listen . on the big screen there 's nothing like it . the other pilot heckle he , but be mute by Taylor . general taylor ( v.o. ) to protect we pilot , we be prepare to retaliate against any SAM site or anti aircraft battery that open fire . wilhemy watch out , Hollywood . there 's a new epic director in town ! int . cabinet room - day excom listen in sober silence . general taylor we have a flight of thunderchief able to respond within minute of a attack on we plane . Kenny catch the President 's eye . Kenny glance at the door . step outside , I need to talk to you . int . oval office - continuous the President and Kenny stand in front of the President 's desk . all the door be shut . weak sunlight filter into the hushed room as if to a confessional . kenny I do not like what 's happen . the president in the morning I be take charge of the blockade from the situation room . McNamara will set up shop in the flag plot at the Pentagon , keep a eye on thing there . kenny all right . ' Cause you get armed border climb into Soviet ship , shot be fire across bow ... the president I know , I know ... kenny what about this low - level flight ? they be start in what ? a hour ? do you realize what you be let yourself in for ? the president we need that flight . we have to know when that missile become operational , because when they do , we need to destroy they . kenny Fair enough . but castro 's on alert and we be fly attack plane over they site , on the deck . there 's no way for they to know they be carry camera , not bomb . they be go to be shot at , plain and simple . Kenny 's right , and the President look away in frustration . kenny ( cont 'd ) I be you political advisor , and I be give you political analysis here . this be a setup . the Chiefs want to go in . it 's the only way they can redeem themselves for the Bay of Pigs . they have to go in , and they have to do it right . it 's that simple . the president I be gonna protect that pilot . thep President stare intently at Kenny . Kenny glance at the door , he voice hushed . he hesitates . kenny they be box we in with this rule of engagement . if you agree to them , and one of we plane get knock down or one of the ship will not stop for inspection , the Chiefs will have we by the ball and will force we to start shoot . they want a war , and they be arrange thing to get one . if you do not want one , we have to do something about it . the President understand . he shake he head , pace away . the president how do a man get to a place where he can say , ' throw that life away , ' so easily ? kenny maybe it 's harder for they to say it than they let on . at the very least , they believe it 's in we best interest . and at the end of the day , they may end up be right . the President turn away , consider . then turn back . the president triple check everything the Chiefs say to we with the guy who actually have to do it . no one 's to know about this but Bobby . I need redundant control over what happen out there . and if thing be not as advertise , you be go to make sure they come out the way I want they to come out , start with this low level flight thing . Jesus Christ ... Kenny be daunt . for a beat he just stare . kenny that 's go to be tough . you know how this guy be about they chain of command ... the president any problem , you remind they that chain of command end at one place . me. int . west wing hall - day Kenny and the President head for the cabinet room . Rusk come out before they get there . rusk Mr. President . the oas meeting start in a hour . I have not prepare at all . we can not expect -- the president -- we need this one , Dean . the quarantine 's legal if we get a mandate , otherwise it 's a act of war in the eye of the world . get I that vote . make it unanimous . rusk Mr. President , the Organization of american States have not have a unanimous vote since -- the President move for the cabinet room . the president -- unanimous , Dean . Kenny slap the dismay Rusk on the back , head off down a hall away from the cabinet room . int . white house switchboard - day Kenny open the door to the White House switchboard room . a half - dozen operator work they line , make connection on the old - fashioned switchboard . unnotice , he size they up , they skill . they be all courteous , pretty , professional . the camera pan down the line ... and stop on a middle - age matron at the end - the sternest , most scary of they all . her name be margaret . margaret White House Operator . yes sir . ( beat , harsh , booming ) speaker mccormack , hold for the vice President . her voice be so severe , so smoker - gravel , it make the blood run cold . this be the woman Kenny 's look for . kenny ma'am , would you mind help I out with a few special call ? int . ready room - key west nas - day ecker , wilhemy and they pilot be in angry debate . ecker Orson Welles be a hack . now you want to talk about a director , you talk about David lean ... wilhemy Welles be a g-d . lean 's the hack . ecker bullshit , Bruce , nobody but lean be make decent movie this day . ( to Young Pilot ) get that fix yet ? nearby , a young pilot tinker with a $ 300000 spy camera . young pilot uhhh ... yup . think so . suddenly , the door open and a pale duty sergeant enter . duty sergeant Sir ... telephone , sir . int . duty office - day ecker enter , march over to the phone . all the soldier in the room stare at he . ecker wiggle he cigar to a corner of he mouth , pick up , styling . ecker vfp - 62 , fightin ' photo , here . but what we really want to do be direct . intercut call to : int . white house switchboard - continuous Margaret work she magic . margaret this be the White House Operator . hold for the President . int . duty office - continuous ecker blink , become a mild lamb . ecker oh shit . int . white house switchboard - continuous margaret honey , you do not know what shit be . begin intercut int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny , sit on he desk , tap he finger , look at the phone . he 's keep ecker on hold long enough - and pick up . kenny Commander , my name be Ken o'donnell . special Assistant to the President . intercut call to : int . duty office - continuous ecker exhales . it 's not the President , but ecker be so shake up it might as well be . ecker yes , sir . kenny ( o.s. ) the President have instruct I to pass along a order to you . ( beat ) you be not to get shot down . do he hear right ? ecker uh ... we will do we best , sir . int . kenny' office - continuous kenny I do not think you understand I correctly . you be not to get shot down under any circumstance . whatever happen up there , you be not shot at . mechanical failure be fine ; crash into mountain , fine . but you and you man be not to be shot at , fire at , launch upon . int . duty office - continuous ecker sit down in a chair , sober . ecker Excuse I , sir , what 's go on here ? int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny stand , drop the hard nose bullshit . kenny Commander , if you be fire upon , the President will be force to attack the site that fire on you . he do not want to have to do that . it 's very important that he do not , or thing could go very badly out of control . int . duty office - continuous ecker let out a long breath . ecker I think I understand . what about my man ? if it come up hot and heavy , and we do not have anyone to protect we ... I be go to be write letter to parent . I hate write letter to parent . int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny nod to himself , feel . he 's do it himself . kenny if the President protect you , Commander , he may have to do it with the bomb . int . duty office - continuous ecker do not want to be avenge with atomic weapon . no sane person would . kenny ( v.o. ) I have know the man for fifteen year . the problem be , he will protect you . so I be ask : do not make he protect you . do not get shot at . ecker down , deeply affect . suddenly , a bell ring . a teletype go off . ecker know it 's for he . his order . ecker okay , Mr. o'donnell . we will do what we can . end intercut . as ecker hang up , the duty Officer rip off the order , hand they to ecker , who take one look , then gaze out the window at the runway -- ext . runway - key west naval AIR station - day a cart speed down the flight line past the wait f8u-1p corsair . one by one , the four pilot accompany ecker and wilhemy jump off to mount they plane . the cart still move . ecker get that fuel assay ? wilhemy yeah . it suck . ai not for high performance baby like ours . shoulda bring some from home , but what can you do ? last-second deployment ... wilhemy jump off , then they be at ecker 's plane , and he jump off . too late to worry about bad fuel now . he hoist himself up and into the cockpit of the sleek navy jet . int . eckeer crusader - day as the canopy close , ecker power up the engine , talk to he flight over the Guard channel . ecker okay , time to play spin the bottle with we bearded buddy . nobody get out ahead . remember , just sit here we be only ten minute from target . ext . runway - day the crusader swing around in pair at one end of the runway , and then the first two throttle - up , flap down , and drop they brake . the machine lunge forward like duelling drag racer . the fill the screen , blow past . ext . aerial - over key west - day the six crusader , in pair , streak over the building and street of Key West . and in a heartbeat , cross the beach and be out to sea . and already on the horizon , the low cloud and dark line of land . Cuba . ninety mile away . int . eckeer crusader - day the ocean shriek past so close you can see the white foam . ecker check the altimeter : 150 feet . a small fishing boat loom ahead , its net boom reach up like tree limb . the crusader rocket over it . ecker check he instrument . out the window , the other crusader thunder over the water , past sailboat , cabin cruiser , the small - craft traffic outside Key West . the speed suck the breath away . ecker go to military throttle on my mark . Three ...two...one ... mark . his airspeed indicator spin up to 400 knot . and then he radio suddenly crackle : pilot # 1 ( o.s. ) flameout flameout ! pilot # 2 ( o.s. ) shit ! I too ! ecker get some altitude ! two of the crusader pull up , away from the water . pilot # 1 ( o.s. ) oh , God damn . get it restart . pilot # 2 ( o.s. ) yeah . yeah . I too . goddamn fuel . pilot # 1 ( o.s. ) Sir , I do not think she 's gonna hold up for the run . ecker affirmative . you two get out of here . ext . aerial - crusader - day the two plane with bad fuel pull wingover to they leave , head for the airfield in the distance . the four remain plane streak over the ocean . there be no more small craft this far out in the strait . int . eckeer crusader - day Cuba , green and hazy , loom in the window . ecker throw a series of switch . ecker start you camera check . a mechanical whine accompany the switch - throw . ecker pull the trigger on he joystick and a thump thump thump hammer away . there be green light across he board . one of the other pilot cut in on the radio : pilot # 3 ( o.s. ) failure . all camera . sonofabitch . Film must not have feed . pilot # 4 ( o.s. ) Jesus ! shit ! oh shit ! I just shot it all , boss . activator jamme open , its expose everything now . wilhemy ( o.s. ) that 's alright , lenny , it happen to most man at some time -- ecker grimace , but he voice stay cool . ecker -- scrub , you two . get out of here . still with I , Bruce ? wilhemy ( o.s. ) that 's affirm . the two crusader who have fail they camera check break off . and now Cuba 's hill , the Havana sky line be right in front of they . ext . cuban beach - continuous the last two crusader streak over the surf , a white wake of spray in they jetwash , and cross the beach with a boom . ext . aerial - crusader - continuous the plane dip and rise with the green tropical contour , take we on a sicken roller - coaster ride over Cuban countryside at treetop level . Palm forest , road , can field , more palm forest race by . and then , ahead , a large clear . ecker ( o.s. ) warm them up . we be here . ext . anti - aircraft battery - continuous Cuban anti - aircraft gunners shout as they traverse they 40 mm gun in they sandbagge emplacement . the low rippling thunder of the income jet become a earsplit roar ... and the crusader blast out over the clear . the anti aircraft gun open up . int . wilhemy' crusader - continuous wilhemy jink leave to avoid a streaking of tracer FIRE . wilhemy Holy shit ! int . eckeer crusader - continuous tracers and flack pepper the air in front of ecker 's crusader . metal ping , tink , rattle off the fuselage . anti-aircraft and small arm fire come up from all over , hit the plane multiple time . he survey the shape in the target zone dead ahead . ecker light . and see the long , canvas - cover object on the ground . the missile . they draw closer . ecker ( cont 'd ) camera . a steel fragment crack he window , obscure we view . ecker ( cont 'd ) action . and he thumb the camera switch . all twelve b-system camera begin bang away like cannon . ext . aerial - crusader - day tracers lace the air between the two plane as they blast over the missile site . over trailer . over tent . over truck . over trenches . over bulldozer . and then they be out over forest again . it 's all over in second . the triple - a stop . in unison , the two plane bank right , head for the distant blue , blue sea . int . kenny' office - day Kenny pace by the phone . it ring . he pick up , listen , react . relief . and we know the plane have make it back . ext . runway - cecil field , fla . - day ecker jump down from the cockpit ladder and turn a eye to he batter , pock -mark plane . wilhemy and the ground crew chief come run up , the Chief let out a whistle . ground crew chief lookit what daddy do brung home . wilhemy you shoulda see it , Chief , they -- ecker -- damn sparrow . must have be migrate . guess I hit a couple hundred . ( to wilhemy , stern ) how many do you hit , Bruce ? wilhemy stand there , look at ecker , not sure what to make of he . the Crew Chief just start laugh as more impressed ground crew come up . wilhemy a few . I guess . ground crew chief be they 20 or 40 million sparrow ? ecker , sweat - plaster and foul , step into the Chief 's face . ecker that be bird strike . sparrow to be precise . get a problem with that ? the Chief stand there , glance at the plane one more time , and shake he head , ' no . ' ecker take the Chief 's maintenance clipboard from he , write in big bold marker : bird strike . he thrust it back into the Chief 's hand and walk off ; the astonished wilhemy remain behind . int . kenny' office - day in Kenny 's credenza , a small black and white t.v. play . walter cronkite narrate on the television as a train laden with tank on flatbed pull out of a station . walter cronkite ( v.o. ) massive military preparation be underway throughout the southeast in what Pentagon official be confirm be the large mobilization since Korea . the railway have be nationalized to assist in the deployment , here transport element of the U.S. 1st armore division from Ft. Hood , Texas . a phone ring . Kenny turn from the t.v. , turn down walter cronkite , as he answer . kenny yeah ? int . oas meeting room - continuous George Ball stand at the back of a crowded room fill with applaud oas delegete . it 's for Rusk , at a podium up front . ball Kenny . the vote just come down . int . oval office - day Kenny open he door , let Rusk in . the President , Bobby and half of excom look up . Rusk stand there somber . rusk unanimous . one abstenation . and then he break into a huge grin . everyone cheer he . the president about time something go we way . a Assistant enter behind Kenny . Kenny sense he , turn as the other move to shake hand with Rusk . assistant telephone , Mr. o'donnell . int . kenny' office - day Kenny , grin , duck back into he office , close the door after the Assistant leave . he pick up the phone . kenny hello ? intercut call to : int . ready room - cecil field - day ecker stand at a phone , stare out a window at a replacement plane be fuel . a crusader , not he shot - up one . ecker Mr. o' donnell , I have be order to deliver the film to the Pentagon personally . what 's go on ? int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny think fast . oh shit . kenny the Chiefs must want to talk to you . ( beat ) listen to I , Commander , they will want to know if you be fire on . be you ? ecker ( o.s. ) you could say that , sir . kenny Commander . do not , under any circumstance , tell the Chiefs . end intercut int . pentagon - day super : e-ring . then super : the pentagon ecker , still in he sweat - drench flight suit approach a security checkpoint . guard secure he sidearm and user he through a doorway . a sign over it read jcs . int . the tank - day the door swing open into the Joint Chiefs ' SOUND - proofed briefing room know as the tank . lemay , Taylor and Anderson sit there around the table . ecker salute . ecker Commander William B. ecker report as order ! lemay rise , prowl over to ecker . lemay Son , I want to know just one thing . that bastard shoot so much as a bb gun at you ? a long beat . sweat run off ecker 's head . he can smell lemay 's breath . ecker Sir , it be a milk run , sir . int . west wing hall - night Kenny join the President and General Taylor in the hallway as they head for the oval Office . general taylor it appear we low - level flight be get back okay . some unconfirm report of small - arm fire from some of the mission , but that 's it . slightly behind they , Kenny look sidelong at Taylor . the president guess we can not blame khruschev for a few patriotic farmer . and the ship ? general taylor still head for Cuba . the president all right . then I guess it 's time . int . oval office - night flashbulb go off all around the room as the President walk in , go over to he desk . Reporters observe silently , t.v. camera track he ; Kenny , Bobby and sorensen watch as the President sit , take a pen form he pocket . the president in accordance with this afternoon 's vote at the oas , the quarantine shall hereby be effective as of ten o'clock tomorrow morning . Kenny observe in silence as the President sign the proclamation of interdiction . int . oval office - later the oval Office have emptied out . only Kenny , Bobby , sorensen and the President remain . the President look out the window , sorensen sit in a chair in front of the desk . Bobby and Kenny sit on the edge of the desk . the president last summer I read a book . the gun of August . I wish every man on that blockade line have read that book . the President move over to the globe by he desk , spin it , stop in on Europe . the president ( cont 'd ) World War one . thirteen million kill all because the military of both alliance be so highly attune to each other 's movement and disposition , afraid of let the other guy have a theoretical advantage . and you man in the field , he family at home , could not even tell you the reason why they life be be sacrifice . ( beat ) why could not they stop it ? can we ? the President 's finger turn the globe . it stop on North America . Kenny and Bobby listen . the president ( cont 'd ) and here we be , fifty year later . one of they ship resist the inspection . we shoot out its rudder and board . they shoot down we plane in response . we bomb they anti-aircraft site in response to that . they attack Berlin . we invade Cuba . they fire they missile . we fire ours . the President set the globe gently spin and walk away . int . kenny' office - night Kenny rub he eye , listen to he phone and the woman' voice at the other end . it 's he wife . helen ( o.s. ) when be you go to be home ? kenny I do not know , helen . I want you to keep the kid close tomorrow . leave the t.v. on , sleep with it on in the bedroom until I tell you you can turn it off . helen ( o.s. ) what 's happen ? kenny nothing . nothing you do not know about . tomorrow 's the big day . just have the car ready to go if I call or if the Civil Defense warning come on . helen ( o.s. ) what happen to you ? I be not leave without you . kenny I will be evacuate with the President . a long silence on the other end of the line . helen ( o.s. ) great . so while you be under a rock somewhere with the President , what be I suppose to do with you five child ? and to that , there be no answer . a beat , and it 's all Kenny can promise : kenny I will find you . but we be not go to let it come to that . I promise . int . white house cafeteria - night Kenny hand Bobby and Bundy cup of coffee . the three man nurse they in the silence of the abandon cafeteria . kenny helen just ask I what sort of arrangement we have for the family . bundy I just check myself . ( beat ) they be be issue identity card . call come , and evacuation officer meet they at pre-arranged departure area . they go by helicopter to mount weather . we meet they there . Bobby look at he coffee , then up at Kenny . he gently shake he head . it 's all a sham . bobby course that 's for morale . the missile only take five minute to get here . int . kenny' office - night super : wednesday , october 24th . day 9. Kenny bolt upright from he couch . he rub he face , sit on the edge in the dark for a beat . he 's not go back to sleep . he grab he trousers . int . west wing hall - continuous Kenny make he way through the dim , desert hall . somewhere in the distance a phone ring . he reach a door . ext . white house - night Kenny , bundle in a overcoat , step outside the North entrance . the cool air invigorate he . he eye the fence , Pennsylvania Avenue beyond it , seem to isolate this world from the live city beyond . he start for the main gate . ext . MAIN gate - continuous a white house police officer jump up as Kenny approach . police officer would you like I to call a car , Mr. o'donnell . Kenny check he watch . kenny how long will it take to get someone up ? police officer Fifteen minute , maybe . to you house , sir ? Kenny consider , shake he head . he want to go home , but ... kenny no . no , I will let she sleep . let them sleep . Kenny say it with a certain finality . the Police Officer nod , and Kenny wander out through the gate , shoulder the weight of the world . ext . CITY street - night Kenny make he way down a sidewalk not far from the White House . a 24 - hour drug store 's door be open . he pause . Inside , a knot of people - late - night deliverymen , a cop , the store employee - talk in undertone at the counter . behind it , a t.v. be signing off with the national anthem . sober voice , sober look . Kenny move on . ext . news stand - night a cluster of college student talk at a news stand . they be wait for the newsie to cut the band of the next day 's Washington Post , the bundle just be throw to the sidewalk from the delivery truck . Kenny approach . in they thing beard , counter - culture clothes , the kid seem so young , Kenny so old . Kenny busy a newspaper , its dire headline , every story about the crisis . ext . catholic church - night Kenny , newspaper under he arm , continue down the street . up ahead , the light be on in a Catholic Church . line of churchgoer be at the door . Kenny stop , surprised at the sight this late . and then he see the hand - paint banner : confession 24 hour . pray for peace . Kenny be move . he glance over he shoulder , and then ... join the line himself . int . white house - situation room - day Kenny 's watch read one minute till ten o'clock . pull back to reveal : Kenny , stand just inside the open door to the White House situation room , a state - of - the - art conference room . a long , central table surround by leather chair with phone and screen build in . t.v. monitor hang from the ceiling in the corner . there be no window , just oppressive bunker like wall . it 's far underground . across the room the President pace , phone in hand . half of excom be in they seat . the other half , along with a steady stream of duty officer , be come and go . Kenny step aside for a duty Officer , listen to the President . the president okay , Bob , I be put you on intercom . suddenly , McNamara 's voice fill the room . mcnamara ( o.s. ) hey , guy , can you hear I ? smash CUT to : int . flag plot - the pentagon - day McNamara stand , phone in hand . mcnamara I have one minute till ten here -- the camera track around he , revealing : a large , elaborate war room , like Mission Control . Big screen , plexiglass tracking board , tiere bank of communication equipment . a massive light table on the floor at the center of the room project a map of the Caribbean and Atlantic . arcing across it be a red line : the blockade . the map be cover with cryptic military notation ; watch officer on a platform which swing out over it update the latest ship position . McNamara 's in a booth overlook the room . it 's open to the next tier below where Admiral Anderson be give order . mcnamara ( cont 'd ) -- and no sign of they stop . int . situation room - day Kenny and Bobby move to the President 's end of the table , sit down across from each other in mirror-image fashion . excom look to the President . the second hand of the clock on the wall wheel past 12 . a hush fall over the room . the president Bob , the quarantine be now in effect . int . flag plot - day McNamara be mute for a beat . he turn to view the big room . mcnamara then it look like we first customer be the gagarin and kimovsk . he nod to Admiral Anderson , who call a order down to a watch Officer on the floor , and on screen all around the room , a sector of the map magnify the unfold encounter -- ext . bridge wing - u.s.s. pierce - day -- between the destroyer , u.s.s. pierce and the soviet freighters gagarin and kimovsk . the pierce 's bridge wing be cramme with helmete officer and lookout . they peer through binocular at the distant ship , plow ahead , straight for they . the captain lower he binocular , determine . captain helm , shape head for intercept , zero one zero . all ahead full -- officer ( o.s. ) -- new contact ! New contact ! everyone whirl to the bridge . the Captain step forward . int . combat information CENTER - u.s.s. pierce - day the Captain duck into the CIC . the chief sonaran report . chief sonarman submerge contact , designation Sierra one at 6000 yard bear 030 . captain a submarine ... int . situation room - day the President react . Kenny and Bobby react . general taylor it 's protect the freighter . consternation . the President pick up the phone . the president Bob , be there any way we can avoid stop a submarine first ? mcnamara ( o.s. ) I be afraid not , Mr. President . the sub have position itself between the pierce and the Soviet ship . Admiral Anderson insist it 's too much of a risk to proceed with stop the freighter . the pierce would be a sit duck for the sub . all around the room frustration . Bobby shake he head . Kenny sink back in he chair . the President hesitates . the president put I through to the pierce . int . flag plot - day Admiral Anderson nod to a communications officer . the man make the connection on a switchboard . McNamara cast a eye to the map . the two red marker label gagarin and kimovsk be join by a third : the sub . they be almost touching the blockade line . on the other side , the single blue marker for the pierce . int . bridge - u.s.s. pierce - day the Captain enter the bridge , take the phone from the arm of he chair . captain Mr. President ? int . situation room - continuous the President hold the phone , agonize . the president Captain , can you force that submarine to the surface for inspection without damaging it yourself ? int . bridge , u.s.s. pierce - day captain I can bring it up , Mr. President . but whether it 's damage or not be up to the sub . int . situation room - continuous the President lower the phone , look to Bobby and Kenny . mccone even if they force it up , that sub will be inspect over the crew ' dead body . they would be execute for allow it when they get home . all eye be on the President . his eye be close tight , face gray , hand over he mouth . the time of decision be at hand . he lift the phone once again . the president Captain , force the sub to the surface for inspection . mcnamara ( o.s. ) Mr. President ! we be receive report that the ship be stop ! the president ( to phone ) Captain , belay that order ! ( to McNamara ) Bob , where 's that come from ! mcnamara ( o.s. ) just a second , Mr. President . the president will somebody find out what 's go on ?! mccone jump up , leave the room . the President look at Kenny , tense . everyone hold they breath . rusk be they stop ? the hiss of static on the open line fill the room . silence . ext . bridge - u.s.s. JOHN R. pierce - continuous lookout peer across the water at the oncoming Soviet freighter . binocular Pov : of the Soviet Bridge , where they lookout be stare right back through they binocular . int . situation room - day the hiss of static . and then . mcnamara ( o.s. ) Mr. President ? int . flag plot - the pentagon - continuous McNamara be grin wildly at the chaos unfold in the flag plot below . phone be ringing everywhere . on the light table the watch officer ' hand fly from one notation to the other , circle the Soviet ship , mark they dead in the water . mcnamara -- we have get report come from all over ! the ship be stop ! some ... be turn around ! int . situation room - continuous the room explode , victorious . Kenny and Bobby break into big grin , grab each other . Kenny pump the President 's hand . Rusk and Bundy slap each other on the back . rusk we be eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blink . the ruckus go on for a minute . mccone come back in . mccone Mr. President . his voice be lose in the celebration . mccone call out : mccone ( cont 'd ) Mr. President ! the hubub die away . mccone ( cont 'd ) Sir , we have the tally from NSA . we have twenty ship stop and or turn around . six , however , appear to be continue for the line . include the gagarin and kimovsk . the elation go out of the room . Kenny look at the President . the President pick up the phone again . the president Captain , have the ship you be observe change course ? captain ( o.s. ) no , Mr. President . they have just cross the quarantine line . Bobby grip the edge of the table , immediately believe . bobby it 's a accident . they must not have get they order yet . let them go . general taylor unlikely , Mr. President . we have be monitoring transmission from both the gagarin and kimovsk . they radio be work fine . mccone one ship , a accident maybe . six : this be intentional . the President look to Bobby . he have no answer . Kenny 's mind race over the variable , and he lean forward , intense , suddenly understanding in a flash of insight : kenny they be right . this be intentional . he glance around the room . all of excom be look at he . Bobby stare at Kenny , too shocked to feel betrayed . kenny ( cont 'd ) khruschev 's stop the 20 ship which be carry contraband , and he 's let the one which be not go through , hope for a incident . I think we should let they go . Bobby relax . around the table there be nod . mccone if we do , it erode the credibility of the quarantine . he will just send more through tomorrow . the President look at Kenny . kenny then we deal with it tomorrow . but today he 's stop most of they . he 's do something smart here . we give he a ultimatum , and he 's agree to most of it , preserve just enough room to save face . we need to do something just as smart now . Bobby 's nodd , follow the argument . Kenny look around the room for support . int . flag plot - the pentagon - continuous McNamara , pace on the phone , jump in . mcnamara Mr. President , I agree . let they go . four of the six continue ship be still a day away from the line . they have stop all the one we suspect have weapon aboard . it would look bad shoot up a freighter full of baby food . int . situation room - continuous the President hold Kenny 's gaze , then lift the phone . the president Captain , I want you to maintain contact with that ship . do nothing until I order otherwise . be that clear ? captain ( o.s. ) yes , Mr. President . contact only . he hang up , turn to Kenny . the president I hope you be right . ext . south lawn - day Kenny , Bobby and the President make they way across the lawn , out of earshot of the building . bobby what happen to speak when speak to ? kenny give it a rest . you be think the same thing , just do not have the gut to take the heat . Bobby like get under Kenny 's skin . Bobby aim a punch at he head which Kenny knock away . the President change gear , serious . the president we can horsetrade with khruschev on ship . but it do not get we any closer to remove that missile . kenny have to hope it 's a signal that he will back down on the real issue too . bobby we be go to have to stop a ship eventually , show the quarantine 's get tooth , or we will prove mccone right . the president McNamara 's on he way back here now . we need to pick the right ship . no sub . no armed board party either . we need a little more time to figure this one out . kenny then let 's move the quarantine line . it 's a simple suggestion . the President consider he a beat , and then McNamara emerge from the White House , head for they . the three friend assume they more reserve , political face as he come up . mcnamara Mr. President . Bobby . Kenny . the Essex battle group have the gagarin , kimovsk and the sub escort under they thumb . we have get a few hour now before we need to worry about any more flashpoint on the line . ( beat ) we could use a few more hour . I think we should consider move the quarantine line back to 500 mile . Bobby and the President look at Kenny like he 's some kind of svengali . Kenny just stand there , poker face . int . west wing - day Kenny and McNamara enter the White House from the South lawn . they stride down the hall , side by side . kenny move the line . stroke of genius . mcnamara ( snappish ) of course it be . but the President need to realize we be go to have to stop a ship eventually . they turn a corner , silence for a beat . kenny the Chiefs be look for a provocation out there . the President 's go to come under enormous pressure . you have to keep them on a short leash , Bob . McNamara spare Kenny a short , nasty look . mcnamara you must think I be blind and stupid . I have already get the bird and bee from Bobby . the President do not have to double - barrel I . kenny listen to I , goddamn it . we be talk about a possible nuclear war . you drop the ball on Bay of Pigs -- mcnamara -- you sonofabitch , goddamn it , I do not drop -- kenny you be in the room . it be you purview . it be you job to make sure bissel be not fuck we over and you do not do it . you have get the most important job in the world right now . you be the smartest guy the President have . ( beat ) besides I . that get a amused snort from McNamara , break the tension . mcnamara anybody ever tell you you be a egomaniac and a prick , o'donnell ? Kenny stare he in the eye , serious , hushed . a friend . kenny you need to be the best you have ever be . McNamara enter the elevator . he turn , stand there face Kenny for a dramatic beat . then the door close . int . kenny' office - day walter cronkite , on the b&amp ; W t.v. screen , sit in front of a map show Cuba and the blockade line . walter cronkite ( v.o. ) -- well , it appear the world have just receive a reprieve . Defense Secretary Robert McNamara have announce that the quarantine zone have be move from 800 to 500 mile . pull back , revealing : Kenny watch the t.v. , be yell at the phone . kenny find out how close we exercise be come to they cruise missile . I be call you back in five , and you will have a answer for I or I will come down there and beat the shit out of you . ( beat ) then you can press charge , and I will get a presidential pardon . he hang up , hear shout from the oval Office . he go to the door , enter -- int . oval office - continuous -- and see the President lean over he desk , jabbing he finger at General Taylor . the president -- how the goddamn hell do this happen ? I be go to have power 's head on a platter next to lemay 's ! ( notice Kenny ) hey , Kenny , do you hear I give the order to go to defcon 2 ? I remember give the order to go to defcon 3 , but I must be suffer from amnesia because I have just be inform we nuclear force be defcon 2 ! Kenny realize he 's not joke as he spot Bobby sit on the couch behind Taylor , pale as a ghost . Taylor , embattle , want to die , but stand there like a man . smash CUT to : int . missile silo - day close on the nose cone of a titan missile , its 20 megaton nuclear warhead wrap in the steel re-entry shell . cold , silent , fearsome . general taylor ( v.o. ) Mr. President , the order be limited to we strategic force in the continental U.S. int . oval office - continuous Taylor continue on . general taylor technically , General lemay be correct that sac have the statutory authority -- the President punch he desk . the president -- I have the authority . I be the commander - in-chief of the United States , and I say when we go to war ! general taylor we be not at war , sir , not until we be at defcon 1 . the president General , the Joint Chiefs have just signall we intent to escalate to the Soviets . you have signall a escalation which I have no wish to signal , and which I do not approve . but Taylor know this very well . and the way he 's suffer , it 's clear he 's take the heat for he underling . from over on the couch Bobby chime in : bobby lemay ... he 's history . the President glance at Kenny who stand there , speechless . the president get out of here , Max . the General leave . Kenny close the door , wander deeper into the office . he look from the President to Bobby . there 's a long , long beat of shocked silence . kenny Jesus ... bobby rescind the order . can all the Chiefs . put nitze , gilpatric and the undersecretary in charge . kenny we can not do that , Bobby . the president he 's right , we can not rescind defcon 2 . the Soviets will think we have get sweet on they . kenny and we can not purge the Chiefs . we invasion talk will look like a bluff . or even that there 's be a attempt coup . Bobby be disgust , but know they be right . bobby McNamara will not be able to handle they . it 's too much for one man ... ( know look to Kenny ) ... with all due respect to we heroic fifth column . the President collapse in he rock chair . Kenny lean over the back of the sofa next to Bobby . kenny we have get khruschev 's attention with the blockade . if we want a political solution . I think it 's time to turn up the diplomatic heat . Cause if we let this go on too long , we be go to find ourselves in a war . Bobby look at the President , meaningful . the President turn to Kenny . the president I have be consider a variation on one of stevenson 's idea . we be go to send up a trial balloon through lippman . the Jupiter missile . ext . west wing driveway - day super : thursday , october 25th . day 10. the West wing loom behind Kenny and Bundy . Kenny , poker face , take a drag on he cigarette . Bundy nervously flick he , look away from Kenny a beat . bundy what do you think of lippman 's column this morning ? kenny I think it 's a bad idea . Bundy turn back to he . bundy thank god. look , everyone be furious about it . we trade away we missile in Turkey and we be fuck politically . Kenny grind he jaw , but do not say anything . he agree . Bundy step up to he , confide . bundy ( cont 'd ) you gotta stop them . we know it 's Jack and Bobby 's idea - they leak it to lippman . the military guy be go ape , and they be not alone . kenny then they should speak up . bundy Christ , Ken , you know it 's not that easy . kenny yes it be . bundy no it be not . they do not trust the people that feel this way . but this people be right . and the kennedy be wrong . ( beat ) we need you to tell them , Kenny . they will listen to you . Kenny prickle , intense , but Bundy press on , too wrap up in he own think to notice . bundy ( cont 'd ) Jack and Bobby be good man . but it take a certain character , moral toughness to stand up to -- kenny -- you listen to I . nobody , nobody , talk about my friend that way . you be fuck here right now because of the kennedy . they may be wrong . they make mistake . but they be not weak . the weak one be this ' people ' who can not speak they own mind . bundy you know I do not mean they be weak . Kenny get in he face , intimidating . kenny no , they just lack ' moral toughness . ' and you think I will play you juda . you wasp and blue-blood never understand we , think we want into you club . well we get we own club now . ( beat ) and you guy do not realize fight with each other be we way . nobody play we off each other . and nobody ever get between we ... int . president's bedroom - day Kenny throw himself on a chair in the bedroom 's sit area , newspaper in hand . the President , buttone he shirt in a full - length mirror , see he . there 's a tv on . the President select a tie from a nearby rack , eye the paper . the president what 's that ? kenny oh , just a bunch of crap about withdraw we Jupiter missile in Turkey if the Soviets will do the same in Cuba . the President 's eye flick over to he in the mirror . the president I do not want to listen to this again . kenny if we make a trade , we would be give in to extortion , and NATO would never trust we again . we will get clobbere in world opinion . the president it 's a goddman trial balloon . Trial be the operative word , here . kenny then somebody would better deny it publicly . the President turn around , head over to the t.v. Kenny fold he arm , disgust . the president Jesus Christ , o'donnell , you be the one say we need to move forward on a political solution . kenny yeah , a good political solution . on the t.v. live coverage of the United Nations Security Council meeting . holding forth in Russian be valerian zorin , 5as , tough , likeable , the Soviet ambassador to the U.N. and chairman of the Security Council . a translator relay the meaning . translator for zorin ( o.s. ) we call on the world to condemn the piratical action of America ... resume the President 's jaw tighten . he turn to Kenny . the president you want to turn up the heat ? you call adlai . tell he to stick it to Zorin . int . kenny' office - day Kenny , phone to he ear , suffer as Bobby harangue he . bobby adlai 's too weak ! we have to convince Jack to pull he , get mccloy in there . kenny you can not take he out this late in the game . bobby Zorin will eat he alive ! kenny then talk to you brother , goddamn it . the two of you do not need any advice to get into trouble . bobby what 's get into you ? Kenny throw the lippman article at he . bobby ( cont 'd ) oh , still sore about this . kenny something you father would have come up with . silence . terrible silence . that paralyze Bobby . Kenny stare at he . he mean it , but regret it , too . bobby my father -- kenny -- I be just try to make a point . this idea be that fuck bad . but Bobby get it . Kenny shift gear , let it go . kenny ( cont 'd ) adlai can handle Zorin . he know the inning and the score . bobby he better . because nobody think he 's up to this . nobody . int . U.S. office - U.N. - day the U.S. suite be in frantic preparation , staffer come and go . stevenson take he phone from a secretary . adlai yes ? int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny turn to gaze at he little t.v. in the credenza , U.N. coverage continue , as if he could see adlai there . kenny adlai , it 's Kenny . how're you do ? int . U.S. office - U.N. - continuous adlai be pack up he briefcase . adlai busy , Ken . what do you need ? int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny rise from he chair , pace toward the t.v. he pause . kenny the President tell I to pass the word to you : stick it to they . int . U.S. office - U.N. - continuous adlai look around to he own t.v. , show the session go on downstairs . Zorin , on camera , dominate the council : alternately bold , aggressive , and then reasonable . even in Russian , with the lag translation , he 's formidable . int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny be watch exactly the same performance . Zorin be masterful . Kenny know it . and when he talk to adlai , it 's with the fatalism of a coach know he 's put he third string quarterback in against the all - pro linebacker . kenny adlai . the world have to know we be right . if we be go to have a chance at a political solution , we need international pressure . you get to be tough , adlai . you need to find it , old friend . int . U.S. office - U.N. - continuous adlai watch he staffer leave he inner office . he hear Kenny , and everything Kenny be say . adlai I hear you . I be glad it 's you call . I think it would be Bobby . if they be still stick to they stonewall strategy , I will get them . ( beat ) thanks , ken. adlai lower the phone to its cradle . a anxious staffer stick he head in the door , a concerned , question look on he face . adlai adjust he tie . he hand be shaking . he notice it , and manage a brave smile . adlai ( cont 'd ) I be a old political cat , Jimmy . ( beat ) but I have get one life leave . int . hall , U.N. - continuous adlai , briefcase in hand , march down the hall at the hand of he team : staffer and photo interpreter with large leather portfolio bag . the big double door to the council chamber loom , and he gesture to the photo interpreter . adlai wait here . and then a doorman throw open the door for he . int . U.N. security council chamber - continuous adlai enter . he be instantly dwarf by the enormous room . light , t.v. camera , the impose circular arrangement of delegation table . and the entire world be watch . adlai pause . then as the first security council member begin to notice he , he head for the vacant seat for the american delegation . the romanian delegate saw the air . romanian delegate ( through translator ) ... we call upon the world to condemn this purely american provocation ... but as the romanian wheeze on , all eye be on adlai . adlai take he seat , he staffer behind he . they pass he up papers , and he spread they before he , take no notice that the entire room be stare at he . adlai finally glance up . across the circle sit Zorin , in the flesh , at the head of he own tough - look delegation . he acknowledge adlai with a superior smile . romanian delegate ( cont 'd ) we , the people of Romania , stand in solidarity with the people of Cuba and they revolution in the face of this american threat to world peace . thank you , Mr. Chairman . the romanian delegate lean back from he microphone . Zorin lean forward , begin in Russian , and the translator 's voice catch up with he . his tone , body language , composure be all that of complete confidence . zorin ( through translator ) we be glad you could join we , Mr. stevenson . adlai nod , return to he note , as Zorin continue . zorin ( cont 'd ) for the last couple of hour I have hear nothing but question from the world here . the United States have lead we to the brink of calamity . the people of the world want to know why . we be tell again and again of this so call incontrovertible evidence of offensive weapon in Cuba . yet we be not allow to see this evidence . be you spy plane so secret you can not share this evidence with we ? some plane ?! the audience laugh . Zorin bask in it . and then grow stern . zorin ( cont 'd ) or perhaps there be no such evidence . perhaps the United States be mistaken . int . situation room - white house - continuous excom watch the coverage on the situation room 's t.v. 's . the President and Bobby sit side by side , Kenny just behind they . Bobby check he watch , look at the President . bobby I make the call , and adlai be out . mccloy go in . Bobby look back at Kenny . the president let 's hope it do not come to that . int . U.N. security council chamber - continuous Zorin stare at adlai . adlai studiously ignore he , work on he own papers . zorin the United States have no fact in hand . falsity be what America have in its hand - false evidence . Zorin lean back in he chair . adlai finally look up . he meet Zorin 's icy bravura . he note the camera around the room . this be the grandest stage of all . zorin ( cont 'd ) the chair recognize the representative from the United States . and in that moment , adlai become the spokesman for America . adlai well , let I say something to you , Mr. ambassador , we do have the evidence . we have it , and it be clear and incontrovertible . adlai 's tone be definitive . a tremor of interest pass through the various delegation . adlai ( cont 'd ) and let I say something else . that weapon must be take out of Cuba . you , the Soviet Union , have create this new danger , not the United States . int . situation room - continuous excom be transfix by the continue debate . bundy come on , adlai ! they all crowd the t.v. as if it be a title fight . except for Bobby . Kenny glance over at he . he have the phone pin between he ear and shoulder . Kenny look back to the t.v. int . U.N. security council chamber - continuous adlai fix Zorin in he seat , he voice rise . adlai Mr. Zorin , I remind you that the other day you do not deny the existence of this weapon . but today , again , if I hear you correctly , you now say they do not exist . Zorin , headphone on , listen to he own translation , but do not respond , act bored . it get adlai 's goat , and he begin to lose he cool . a rumble from the U.N. the camera find adlai 's hand shaking , grip he pen . int . situation room - white house - day excom be worried . rusk come on , adlai , do not let he off ! bobby John ? it 's Bobby . get ready to send you staffer in . he 's go to be come out . int . U.N. security council chamber - continuous but adlai 's tremor be not tremor of fear . they be tremor of anger . his voice go hard and cold . adlai all right , sir . let I ask you one simple question . do you , ambassador Zorin , deny that the u.s.s.r. have place and be place medium and intermediate range missile and site in Cuba ? yes or no - do not wait for the translation - yes or no ? the diplomatic world gasp as adlai drop all pretense of civility , all statesman- like grace . int . situation room - continuous excom 's excitement mount . in the chorus urging adlai on , we find Kenny edge toward the screen . kenny yeah . yeah . int . U.N. security council chamber - continuous Zorin shoot adlai a testy look . zorin I be not in a american courtroom , sir , and therefore I do not wish to answer a question that be put to I in the fashion in which a prosecutor put question . in due course , sir , you will have you answer . there 's laughter at Zorin 's refusal to be bully : but it 's nervous laughter , not the polite stuff of diplomatic tete - a tete . the rumble in the room grow louder . adlai you be in the courtroom of world opinion right now , and you can answer yes or no . you have deny they exist , and I want to know if I have understand you correctly . int . situation room - day excom roar ! fist in the air ! Bobby let the phone dangle a beat , cover it . and then he lift it again . bobby John , I will get back to you . he lower the phone to the receiver . Kenny shoot he a triumphant smile . the President look at Kenny , shake he head , a big smile on he face . int . U.N. security council chamber - continuous adlai press on . adlai and I be prepare to present the evidence in this room , prove that the Soviet Union have lie to the world . and Zorin crack . he look uneasily to he delegation . they bend forward to consult . adlai sit back in he chair , drape he arm over its wing with the confidence of someone who know he 's kick ass . adlai look around the room while he 's wait for he answer , manage not to smile . the diplomatic world be scandalize . at last Zorin regroup , lift he head from he huddle . zorin if you do not choose to continue you statement , the chair recognize the representative from chile . the chilean delegate stand . chilean delegate I yield my time and the floor to the representative to the United States . the room explode in laughter . not just nervous any more , not just polite . they be laugh at Zorin 's parliamentary ploy blow up in he face . Zorin 's smile be go , he smooth facade destroy . and he look like the biggest fool in the world . adlai stare at the bett - face man with disdain . at last , adlai stand , gesture to the door to the hall behind he . the photo interpreter come racing in with they briefing board . adlai well then , lady and gentleman , since it appear we might be here for a while , shall we have a look at what the Soviets be do in Cuba ? the delegate rumble in interest , rise from they seat to approach adlai . int . situation room - continuous excom celebrate . phone ring at several of the chair at the conference table . the President and Kenny meet as Bundy pick up a phone in the b.g . the president do not know adlai have it in he . too bad he do not have this stuff in ' 52 . kenny Zorin must not have get instruction . somebody in they foreign Ministry 's blow it big-time . Bundy step forward , hold the phone . bundy Mr. President ... Kenny and the President turn to see what they already have hear in that two word : concern . the room fall quiet . int . flag plot - the pentagon - continuous phone in hand , McNamara pace at he post over the flag plot . mcnamara ... the ship be call groznyy . ext . ocean , puerto rico trench - continuous the Soviet tanker , groznyy , breast the heavy seas . armed crewmen race along the deck to makeshift sandbagge emplacement in the bow . mcnamara ( v.o. ) we lose track of it yesterday at nightfall . we think we give it plenty of room when we move the quarantine line back . we just reacquire it . the camera pan to the leave , revealing a U.S. destroyer racing up alongside a few hundred yard away , pound up and over the swell , punch up a huge fan of spray from its bow . int . flag plot - the pentagon - continuous mcnamara it cross the line hour ago . Admiral Anderson , on the phone on the level below , be tense . admiral anderson hail they again . the president ( o.s. ) keep we post , Bob . McNamara lean against the wall , close he eye in exhaustion and stress . and when he open the , we pan around to reveal : a g-d-like view of the flag plot , cover with hundred of ship , plane and marking . McNamara stare out at the bewilder tangle of symbol , live man behind each one . each tangle of red and blue symbol a powderkeg . a g-dlike view indeed . and it be far more than any one mere man could keep control of . and he begin to realize it . mcnamara we be kid ourselves ... and not only that , in he bleary , sleep - deprive fog , he begin to understand something happen down there . the camera move over the enormous map , over the scrolling cryptic numerology . the buzz of radio communication bleed in from the background . the overhead platform swivel on its motor , like the vast arm of some fate- write god as the watch Officer on it update the movement of the ship . McNamara stare , at the verge of grasp something . through the door-crack of genius , he have the glimpse of some grander thing , some grander design . admiral anderson very well . load you gun . that start McNamara from he fatigue reverie . he go to the railing , look down on Anderson . mcnamara what be that , Admiral ? Anderson turn , gaze up from he tier below , distract . admiral anderson we have be hail the groznyy for the last hour , Mr. Secretary . the groznyy refuse to stop . mcnamara what be you do ? admiral anderson carry out we mission , Mr. Secretary . if you do not mind , we be very busy right now . we need to be able to do we job . mcnamara Admiral , I ask you a question . Anderson hold the phone aside , turn around again , look up at he , impatient . his answer be hard , cold , dangerous . admiral anderson we be go to follow the rule of engagement . the rule of engagement which the President have approve and sign in he order of October 23rd . Anderson listen again to the phone . admiral anderson ( cont 'd ) yes , Captain , you may proceed . clear you gun . mcnamara what -- ext . ocean , puerto rico trench - continuous the destroyer 's forward 5 - inch twin gun swivel , train on the groznyy . a beat . they OPEN FIRE with a ear-splitt bambam , rip the air in front of the muzzle , the groznyy so close a miss be not possible . int . flag plot - the pentagon - continuous McNamara shout at Anderson , drop down the step to Anderson 's level . mcnamara goddamnit , stop that firing ! watch officer scramble to comply , chaos and shouting in the war room as a chorus if " cease fire cease fire cease fire , " go up . McNamara turn on Anderson , be in he face . mcnamara ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , God help we . Anderson smashes the phone down , wheel on McNamara , furious . ext . ocean , puerto rico trench - continuous the destroyer 's gun hammer away at the groznyy , at point blank range ... but the groznyy be unharmed . suddenly , in the air above it appear brilliant flare . they light up the ship , brighter than the sun . the destroyer be not fire deadly round ... it 's fire harmless starshell . int . flag plot - the pentagon - continuous Anderson get in McNamara 's face . admiral anderson that ship be fire starshell . starshell . flare , Mr. Secretary . everyone 's eye be on the two man . only the chatter of teletype break the paralyze silence . McNamara blink , look down at the plot on the floor . Anderson 's voice drop to a deadly sotto . admiral anderson ( cont 'd ) goddammitt , I have get a job to do . you have be campe out up there since Monday night . you be exhaust and you be make mistake . interfere with I , you will get some of kill . I will not allow that . McNamara look away at the face of the man in the room . mcnamara starshell . admiral anderson get out of we way , Mr. Secretary . the navy have be run blockade since the day of John Paul Jones . McNamara turn back . and all trepidation , embarrassment , hesitation be go . he coldly appraise Anderson . mcnamara I believe the President make it clear that there would be no fire on ship without he express permission . admiral anderson with all due respect , Mr. Secretary , we be not fire on the ship . firing on a ship mean attack the ship . we be not attack the ship . we be fire over it . mcnamara this be not the President 's intention when he give that order . what if the Soviets do not see the distention ? what if they make the same mistake I just do ? ( beat ) there will be no fire anything near any Soviet ship without my express permission , be that understand , Admiral ? admiral anderson yes , sir . mcnamara and I will only issue such instruction when order to by the President . ( beat ) John Paul Jones ... you do not understand a thing , do you , Admiral ? he pass he hand over the enormous plot below . mcnamara ( cont 'd ) this be not a blockade . McNamara , tremble with anger , awe , whirl to Anderson . and he burgeon insight be bear - clear , hard and cold . mcnamara ( cont 'd ) this , all this , be language , a new vocabulary the like of which the world have never see . this be President Kennedy communicate with Secretary khruschev . McNamara jab he finger out at the plot , and -- -- the camera race down , tracking over it , across the vast ebb and flow of information , the delicate ballet of symbol and numerology , this language of steel and human life . int . kenny' office - day super : friday , october 26th . day 11 . on Kenny 's t.v. walter cronkite read the news to footage of a boarding party go up a ladder to the freighter marcula . walter cronkite ( v.o. ) at 7:29 this morning , the u.s.s. Joseph Kennedy stop and board the Soviet charter vessel marcula . the board Party wear dress white and be unarmed . walter cronkite ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) after a 3 - hour inspection , the Kennedy signal no contraband find . clear to continue . Pentagon spokesman expect the next encounter . Kenny , who turn from the t.v. as the door to he office open . Rusk walk in . rusk Kenny , we need to see the President . something 's happen . Kenny react to Rusk 's enigmatic expression . and out from behind Rusk step JOHN scali , the ABC News correspondent . int . oval office - day off there reaction , the camera find a under-strength , ad hoc excom - Kenny , Bobby , Taylor , Bundy , sorensen , mccone , Ball and the President . guard hope all around . the short , bald , pugnacious scali look discomfite . scali I have lunch with he maybe once a month . Way he talk , he act like he know khruschev personally , but he 's never elaborate . I have use he as a source in a couple of storey . Kenny pace behind the gather man around the President 's desk , listen , mind go a million mile a hour . rusk the FBI have identify this Alexander fomin as the Soviet resident , the kgb equivalent of one of we station chief . he 's they high rank spy in this country . and he know John 's a friend of mine . bundy all the trademark of a back - channel overture . Kenny eye Bundy , make he uncomfortable . the President size scali up . the president so they will remove the missile , and we will pledge not to invade Cuba , destabilize castro or assist anyone who plan in do so ... nobody dare speak . it 's as if the possibility of a settlement will vanish into thin air if anyone move . bobby I think ... this may be we first real message from khruschev . mccone the alternative , Mr. President , be that this could be a trap . kenny dangle a settlement , tie we down in negotiation , we come up short ... mccone why else would they approach we in this way ? it 's deniable . the Soviets have do nothing but lie to we . this could be more of the same . kenny that may be why khruschev 's introduce this guy . we have be burn by he usual player in the formal channel , so he bring in a honest broker . mccone that may be what they want we to think . rusk the truth be , Mr. President , we do not even really know whom fomin speak for . it could be khruschev . it could be some faction in the politburo or the kgb itself . we just do not know . bobby by the way , scali , you activity now fall under the secrecy codicil of the National Security Act . sorry , no pulitzer . the gather man chuckle , only scali a bit dour but be a good sport about it . scali check he watch . scali Mr. President , we do not have much time . I be suppose to meet with he again in three and a half hour . the president well , it seem the question of the day be -- be the offer legitimate ? he move away from he desk . the man watch he . the president ( cont 'd ) if it be ... if it be , then we can not afford to ignore it . ( beat , to scali ) John , we will have instruction for you in a couple of hour . scali nod . Rusk escort he out . they wait until the door close . Taylor look over at mccone who nod . general taylor Mr. President , I be afraid we have some bad news . we be get gmaic estimate from we latest low - level overflight . it appear the missile be two to three day away from operational status . mccone so we do not have much time to play out back - channel communique . Kenny give Bobby a hard look . the President appear unfaze . general taylor the quarantine , sir , be not produce result . the Chiefs feel it 's time you take another look at we option . the President consider Taylor , then look over to Kenny . the president Kenny , get over to you old stomping grounds . go through everything the FBI have on fomin . I need you best call : be this guy legit and be he speak for khruschev ? and I need you to tell I by the time I call you , because right after I call you , I be call scali with he instruction . int . FBI , counter-intelligence department file - night bang ! a stack of file slam down beside Kenny on a large paper - cover conference table . walter sheridan , Kenny 's investigator - buddy , wear a visitor 's pass just like Kenny . Kenny and walter rifle through the folder , super fast , super proficient . a half - dozen FBI agent work around the table . sheridan okay . so , what we have get be this guy Alexander feklisov , aka Alexander fomin , declare consul to the Soviet embassy , but in reality the kgb papa spy . a illustrious tour of duty during the great patriotic War get he on the Party fast track , various tour of duty in kgb , american posting . he 's a expert on we , and ... that 's all we have get on papa spy . kenny who 's he talk for ? be it khruschev , or be this more bullshit ? Kenny stand , run he hand through he hair , aggravate . kenny ( cont 'd ) how do you become the kgb top spy in the United States ? sheridan gotta know someone . Kenny whirl on sheridan . a freeze beat . kenny Politics be politics . walter. ( whirling on Agents ) khruschev be the Moscow Party boss under stalin . give I they career chronology ! walter push a type dateline of khruschev 's major career move , and one of the Agents hand Kenny a list of fomin 's posting . he lay they side by side . and for every step of khruschev 's , there 's a step for fomin . not only that , but the date be identical or nearly so . kenny ( cont 'd ) every time khruschev move up , fomin do within a year ... ( trace up the list ) khruschev be the administrator in charge of prepare Moscow 's defense during the war . and fomin ... be here in the U.S. Kenny 's face fall . but a young FBI agent cut in . young FBI agent not at first . the Young FBI agent proffer he a file . Kenny snatch it . young FBI agent ( cont 'd ) he be a engineer station outside Moscow in ' 42 . specialize in tank trap . Kenny look up at walter . walter nod sagely , light a pipe . kenny they know each other . they be war buddy . sheridan it 's thin . but real life usually be . a phone on the table shrill , shatter the silent triumph . kenny hello ? the president ( o.s. ) I have get to move . what do you have , Kenny ? kenny they know each other ! khruschev and feklisov aka fomin be war buddy ! the president ( o.s. ) you be sure ... kenny do not take it to court , but we have get good circumstantial evidence ... ( off walter 's nod ) walter agree . my gut 's tell I khruschev 's turn to a trust old friend to carry he message . the president ( o.s. ) okay , Ken . we be go . int . statler HOTEL coffee shop - night a few lonely business traveler hang out in the dim coffee shop . faint music play . scali and alexander fomin sit with steaming cup of coffee . scali , nervous , unfold a note . fomin , a expressionless gray spectre of a man , eye he . he be , in he boredom , a spy 's spy . scali I be instruct to tell you that the american government would respond favorably to a offer along the line you have discuss . if this solution be raise at the U.N. by ambassador Zorin , he would find a favorable reply from ambassador stevenson . fomin so I understand you correctly . if the missile in Cuba be dismantle , return to the Soviet Union , and a guarantee be make not to reintroduce they , the United States would be prepare to guarantee that it would never invade Cuba ? scali that be correct . fomin this be from the highest Authority ? scali yes . from the highest Authority . there be two condition . the U.N. must be allow to inspect the removal of the missile . fomin and , of course , the U.N. must be allow to observe the redeployment of force from the american Southeast . scali demur . he have no instruction on this count . fomin ( cont 'd ) and the second condition ? scali time be of the essence . scali take a sip of coffee . fomin stare at he , intense . fomin John . how much time ? scali 48 hour . in 48 hour there can be no deal . int . oval office - night scali finish debrief the President , Bobby , Kenny , mccone , Taylor and Bundy . scali he leave right away . get the feel he mean business . Kenny and Bobby share a hopeful glance . Rusk enter from Kenny 's office . and he 's unable to contain he excitement . rusk Mr. President , we be receive a letter from khruschev over at State . int . communications office - state department - night from a cluster of fold metal chair , Kenny , Bobby , Rusk and sorensen watch a teletype hammer out the message as it come off the wire . it 's painfully slow , like watch a bad typist type a manuscript . ten page of this be a eternity . to top it off , it 's in Russian . a translator read it off , word by word to a transcriber . translator ...two ...of...us...pull...on ... the ... knot ...of ...war ... int . cabinet room - night Kenny slam a page of khruschev 's letter on the table . he jab he finger at it . excom listen , intent . kenny it 's ten page of sentimental fluff , but he 's say right here . he will remove the missile in return for a no-invasion pledge . it look like fomin 's overture be genuine . the President turn to mccone . mccone we early analysis say this be probably write by khruschev himself . it 's a first draft , and show no sign of be polished by the foreign ministry . in fact , it probably have not be approve by the politburo . they would not have let the emotionalism go by . the analyst say it be write by someone under considerable stress . excom chuckle . the president glad to hear we be not alone . the President eye the excom member one by one , a incipient smile on he face . the president ( cont 'd ) well , gentleman , I be not plan on invade Cuba anyway . I think we can live with the term of this deal . there be mostly nod of assent , big smile around the table . except from mccone and Taylor . the President take he copy of the letter , flip through it . he shake he head , almost unable to believe that khruschev have give in . a long beat . the president ( cont 'd ) Ted , I want you to draft we acceptance . ext . o'donnell driveway - night a long , black car stop at the end of Kenny 's driveway . the door open , and Kenny step out . he say a inaudible goodnight to the driver , and the car pull off . he turn , face the white two -story house with the neat front yard , the light out . and he smile . Home at last . ext . o'donnell patio - night a screen door squeak open . Kenny step out into the darkness of the back yard . and there , in she robe , sit startle on a lawn chair , light only by the dim glow of the kitchen window , be helen . Kenny stand there tired , he coat sling over he shoulder . kenny hi. helen rise , she own care - wear face turn to he . for a silent moment they gaze at each other , search in the line of each other ' face for the change of a long separation . they see they . but they have be marry a long time , and the awkwardness pass . helen hi , o'donnell . you look old . Kenny drop he coat on a table as helen come up and fold herself into he arm . helen ( cont 'd ) this job 's go to kill you . if I do not first . they kiss , comfortable . but not too long , and he let she go . she look at he again , see he 's suppress a smile . helen ( cont 'd ) if you be home it mean either Jack and Bobby have finally figure out what a con man you be and fire you , or -- kenny -- we get a back channel communication from khruschev this evening feel we out about a deal . he confirm it just a little while ago in a letter to the President . I think we have win . helen a thing like this ... who could even think of win ? int . hall outside kenny' office - day super : saturday , october 27th . day 12. Kenny , in he overcoat , step aside as a pair of duty officer race past he , almost bowl he over . he slow as he near the door to he office and the oval Office , discovering : total chaos . excom guy , assistant , dart to and from the office and hall . on all they face grim expression . Kenny stand there a beat in confusion . and then Bobby swing out of Kenny 's office . there 's a desperate edge to Bobby 's voice . bobby where have you be ? we have be try to find you all morning . kenny helen and I go out for breakfast . excom 's not suppose to convene till eight . bobby we just get a second letter from khruschev . the deal 's off . int . hall outside cabinet room - continuous Kenny and Bobby walk fast for the cabinet room , Kenny still in he coat . bobby we be get everyone together as fast as we can . kenny what do the letter say ? bobby they want we to take we missile out of Turkey along with the no invasion pledge . it look like fomin be a ploy after all , and they be just stalling for time . Kenny be stunne . bobby ( cont 'd ) it get worse . Kenny give Bobby a sharp look as they enter -- int . cabinet room - continuous the President , in shirtsleeve , no tie , glance up at Kenny as he and Bobby enter . Kenny can only bear he look for a second : he blow the call on fomin . but the President be clearly relieved to see he , give he a faint smile . half of excom , include McNamara , mccone , Rusk , and Taylor barely notice they as they be already there argue . Kenny sit down hurriedly , shuck off he coat as he join the conversation in mid-stream . mccone my specialist be in agreement : this morning 's letter be not khruschev . last night 's letter be . ( beat ) the evidence support only one conclusion : there have be a coup , and khruschev be replace overnight . kenny Jesus Christ ... Bobby give he a look : tell you thing get worse . the president Dean ? rusk it do not necessarily mean there 's be a coup . khruschev 's name be sign to the letter . mcnamara aw , come on , Dean ! rusk but at the very least ... it do suggest he 's be co-opt by hard line element . mcnamara which at the end of the day be the same thing as a coup . a puppet khruschev , and a hard - line Soviet government pull the string . no deal . and the missile be almost operational . bitter silence . they all look to the President . imminent victory have turn to ash . the President study he own fold hand . Ball and Thompson enter , take seat . one by one , throughout the scene , other excom member join the group . the president you know , the problem we have be that this be latest offer of theirs will seem reasonable to everyone . we remove we missile , they remove theirs . we jupiter be schedule for removal anyway . they be obsolete , after all . Kenny shake he head in mute anger . McNamara and Rusk seem to sense the President 's feeling , too . rusk Mr. President , agree to such a trade would be tantamount to pay ransom . they will put a gun to we head again , and expect we to pay again . Kenny look the President in the eye . kenny we can not sell out one of we friend for we own safety . NATO would not trust we anymore , and they would be right not to . the President sigh in the face of the stern advice . he nod , expect as much . Bobby still can not look at anyone . the president so which one of you geniuse can tell I how to explain ourselves to the world ? how do we work with they if there 's be a hard - line coup ? general taylor Mr. President , there be another possibility we have not consider . this may not be a coup at all . everyone of Kenny 's instinct jump . his head snap up to listen to Taylor . Taylor pause . general taylor ( cont 'd ) it 's possible that the back - channel overture , last night 's letter , and this letter today , along with everything the Soviets have say all along , be nothing more than a lie -- disinformation . mcnamara design to keep we from take action . Kenny hear the fatalism in McNamara 's voice . a long beat . everyone stare at McNamara . mcnamara ( cont 'd ) I hate to say it , but if I have to bet , I would bet Max be right . what if they have no intention of honore this deal , either ? then tomorrow they add another condition . meanwhile , the quarantine be not work and they be continue to work on the missile site . ( beat ) I think we have to consider issue warning order for we force . they be so close last night ... and suddenly lundahl and lemay enter the room with the day 's briefing board . lundahl Mr. President ... lundahl stand there at the end of the table , gray . he almost can not say it , can not look the President in the face . lundahl ( cont 'd ) this morning 's photography be in . it appear the Soviets have commence a crash program to ready the missile . smash CUT to : ext . missile site - cuba - continuous the missile site be now more than just dirt and clear equipment . it 's a armed camp , with missile , fuel trailer , erector space every few hundred yard . missile technician service the tower ss - 4s . lundahl ( v.o. ) the first missile become operational last night . with a barrage of shout order in Russian , and a whine of the erector 's engine , the missile begins to rise . lundahl ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we expect they will all be operational in 36 hour : Monday morning . it stop , vertical . smash CUT to : int . cabinet room - continuous the news hit the room like a thunderbolt . Kenny look to Bobby and the President . the blood be go from they face . mcnamara then we be out of time . we have to go in . lundahl that may not be as easy as we think either . we have get confirmation that the Soviets have also deploy battlefield nuclear weapon to Cuba . a pall fall over the room as lemay explain . lemay frog , we call them . short range tactical nuke . it 's possible they have delegate release authority to they local commander for use against we invasion troops . it would be standard doctrine . ( beat ) we capability to get all the missile have erode during we delay with the quarantine . the good news be that for the moment we know where the frog be , and we can target they , too . but the longer we wait , the hard it 's go to get . they all look to the President . Kenny stare , in a private hell , blacker and more complete than anyone should ever know . in that shocked silence each man grapples with failure . the best and the brightest could not prevent what must come next . the president then we have no choice . ( to Taylor ) General , issue the warning order to we force . they will be prepare to execute the air strike Monday morning and the follow - on invasion accord to the schedule thereafter . I will need the official release order on my desk Sunday night . general taylor understood , sir . we need to step up the overflight , finalize we pilot ' target folder in order to be able to carry out the strike . the President give Kenny a meaningful look . the president permission grant . Taylor exit . Kenny rise , give the President a almost imperceptible nod , as he prepare to leave in Taylor 's wake . the president ( cont 'd ) gentlemen , if anybody 's get any great idea , now 's the time ... int . ready room - macdill afb - day major rudolph anderson , 30 , wear the bulky high - altitude pressure suit of a U - 2 pilot , take the phone from one of the Air Force ncos who be help he suit up . major anderson this be Major Anderson . intercut call to : int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny , at the other end of the line , stare out the window at the fall day . it seem so mild , so unlike war . and it take he a beat before he realize Anderson 's on the line . major anderson ( o.s. ) hello ? anyone there ? kenny Major , my name be Kenneth o'donnell . special Assistant to the President . Kenny take a breath , ready to start the shuck - and -jive ... but for some reason do not . kenny ( cont 'd ) Major , a few day ago the President order I to help he keep control of what 's go on out there . I have be browbeat pilot , navy guy leave and right to make sure you do not get we here in Washington into trouble . but you know what ? we be pretty damn good at get ourselves into trouble . so instead of riding you ass , I be just go to tell you what 's go on , and let you figure out how best to help we out up here . int . ready room - macdill afb - continuous now mostly suite up , Major Anderson take the phone out of the nco 's hand . he nod , serious . major anderson go ahead , sir . int . kenny' office - continuous kenny last night , we look like we be go to cut a deal to get we all out of this mess . today , the Soviets be reneging . we be go to try to salvage the situation , but a lot of thing be go wrong today . it 's make everyone nervous , and it will be very hard to avoid go to war . do not get shot down , Major . Beyond that , whatever else you can do to help we , I would really appreciate it . int . ready room - macdill afb - continuous Major Anderson wave he ncos away . they leave the room . the Major sit on a bench in front of he locker , think . major anderson when you be up there at 72,000 foot , there 's a million thing that can go wrong . be you oxygen mix right ? will you camera freeze up ? be you leave contrail ... ( beat ) that million thing be beyond you control , mostly ... but you know , when you realize that , there 's a kind of peace . you do not need to be in control . you never be in control in the first place . if you be a good man , and you ground crew be good man , it 's all you can ask for . and with the grace of G -d , it will get you through . the young Major smile to himself , to the phone . major anderson ( cont 'd ) you sound like a good man . you will be all right , Mr. o'donnell . we believe in you guy down here . ( beat ) thanks for the call . int . kenny' office - continuous Kenny nod to himself , deeply touch by the man 's faith . kenny thank you , Major . int . ready room - macdill afb - continuous with a click , the line go dead and Anderson walk the phone over to the receiver on the wall . end intercut ext . runway - macdill afb - moment later a cart speed down the tarmac , a nco behind the wheel . beside he sit Major Anderson , he helmet on , visor up . he adjust the mix on the oxygen bottle he 's carry at he foot , breathe in preparation for the high - altitude flight . up ahead , among a host of service vehicle , sit the U - 2 . int . u-2 - day Anderson switch over to the U - 2's oxygen supply as he ncos belt he in . they slap he on the helmet for good luck and lower the canopy as he bring he engine up to power . major anderson this be flight g3132 , request permission for take - off . tower voice ( o.s. ) g3132 , you have get runway one , you be clear to proceed to angel 72 . major anderson Roger that . and he throw the throttle forward , smash CUT to : ext . stratosphere - moment later the twilight , in - between , world of the stratosphere . Far below -- cloud , shine blue day . above , star and the indigo depth of space . we hang in utter silence . a silver glint appear in the center of the horizon . it grow larger . then larger still . it be the U - 2 . we barely have time to register the rise hiss of its engine , when it fill the screen and boom past , leave we stand still . the camera pan to follow it , but it 's already dwindle to a speck , and we feel how fast 600 mile a hour really be . int . u-2 - continuous Anderson 's glove hand reach for the camera heater switch . ext . u-2 - continuous the belly door whine open like a silver eyelid , expose the camera 's lense . int . u-2 - continuous Anderson double check he position , switch to the autopilot for the stability only the machine can provide , then hit the camera activate button on he joystick . bamabmabmabma ... the camera begin its photography . Anderson watch the number on the film -remain counter spool down . he stare out the window . the tower cloud below rise up magnificent , glorious ... a glimpse of heaven . rapt , Anderson stare . and then suddenly a blaring alarm goe off in the cockpit . it shock Anderson around to the control . it 's he missile warning light . Anderson ' hand flash out to the joystick , turn off the camera , disable autopilot . he bank the U - 2 hard . ext . u-2 - continuous as the U - 2 turn , far , far below , emerge from the cloud , barely visible , rise a contrail . it arc lazily toward we . a beat , and then another contrail . then another . the anti-aircraft missile create they be too small to be see with the naked eye . int . u-2 - continuous the cockpit be a cacophony of alarm and light , the horizon outside tilt . Anderson 's breath come fast , rasp as he do he strain go into the high -g turn . he look out the cockpit window , find the first sa - 2 missile in pursuit only several thousand foot below he now . he wait . wait . wait , still in the turn . the black head of the missile now visible . he put the plane over , roll out into a opposite bank . ext . u-2 - continuous the spy plane 's long flimsy wing be not make for dogfight . they bend terribly in the rollout . and then the first missile streak past , try to correct its miss , but can not and vanish into the distance at a 90 - degree angle . int . u-2 - continuous Anderson 's breath come faster and faster as the second missile rise up , now visible . he put the throttle as far as it go , try to outrun death . every second be a tenth of a mile , and every mile shorten the missile 's life span . the rise missile draft aft , close on the U - 2 from behind . ext . u-2 - continuous the second missile 's contrail rise up behind the plane , level off , and close on it at a tremendous rate . the third missile rise up in the far distance behind the second . the second missile race up on the U - 2 , closer , right behind it , can not miss . then at a hundred yard , the contrail suddenly peter out , and the missile , out of fuel , drop away . but the third missile close . int . u-2 - continuous Anderson glance out the window , see the spend missile fall away , and spot the third missile still seek he aft . Hand pin the throttle forward , he pray under he breath . ext . u-2 - continuous the third sa - 2 ride its billow column of exhaust straight for the tail of the U - 2 . this one be not out of fuel . int . u-2 - continuous Major Anderson open he eye . he stare out the window at the glorious wonder of cloud and sea and earth below . ext . u-2 - continuous and the missile loom . we have time to realize it 's almost as big as the plane itself before it shear right into the U 2 's tail and explode in a blinding flash . int . hall outside bundy'' office - day Kenny , jogging down the hall , hear form a open door . bundy ( o.s. ) Kenny ! Kenny go over to the threshold . Inside the office Bundy stand up from behind he desk , grave . and Kenny know . int . cabinet room - day all of excom be there except for Bundy . Kenny sit behind the President , deeply distraught over Major Anderson . the president do this attack on we plane represent a definitive , intentional escalation on the part of the Soviets ? general taylor the Soviets be in control of the sam . it 's hard to believe with they centralize command structure that it could be a accidental launch . mccone Mr. President , take with the event of the past few hour , I believe this confirm we worst fear . we be now deal with a hard - line Soviet government , perhaps with khruschev as a puppet head , perhaps not . in the silence , Kenny read the face around the room . they be convinced by mccone 's pronouncement . Kenny 's not . kenny it could be a mistake . mccone give he a get-serious look . but Kenny press on . kenny ( cont 'd ) we need to be positive before we react . Bundy enter the room . everyone look up . he stand there in the doorway , he face tight . Kenny sag in he chair . Bundy , of course , have more bad news , and they all know it . a hopeless beat . the President just stare at Bundy , unable to ask . Bundy nod , affirm what everyone be think . bundy a U - 2 on a routine air-sample mission over siberia get lose and penetrate Soviet airspace . the Soviets scramble mig in pursuit , think it be a bomber . it get out okay . somebody forget to cancel the mission . the president goddammitt . there 's always some sonofabitch who do not get the word . all we need be the Soviets think we be bombing they . ( facetious ) anybody else ? the humor fall on a cold audience . general taylor Mr. President , we pilot be in danger . we must order punitive airstrike against the SAM site that shot down Major Anderson per we rule of engagement . and finally the moment Kenny have dread all this time have come to pass . he look at Bobby , then at the President . the President stare at the cup of coffee in he hand , as if try to read the fate ' design in it . a long beat , and everyone hold they breath . the president no . I want confirmation there be not some sort of accident first . lemay clear he throat . everyone look at he , expect he to scream or jump up and down . lemay I think that 's a good idea , Mr. President . it will be safer for my boy to get that sam on Monday when we get the rest of the bastard . I can wait a day and a half . the president very well , then . but he say it without any belief in the word , realize they be be tie fast to the train track of war . int . kenny' office - day alone in he office , shattered , Kenny stare out the window , view the distant ellipse through a gap in the tree . kid be out there play football . he glance at he watch , and grab he jacket . ext . white house - day Kenny put on he jacket as he go down the step into the bright autumn day , walk away from the White House . it drop behind he -- he step be faster , more urgent . ext . STREET - day Kenny walk down the sidewalk , draw toward the ellipse . the sixth grade football player sweep forward with a run play . Kenny scan they , search , he breath come hard . ext . ellipse - day he reach the edge of the open field . and then he spot the name on the jersey : o'donnell . it 's Kevin . the player relinquish the ball and the offense come off the field . Kevin see he dad . kevin hey ! dad ! Kenny manage a smile as Kevin trot over . Kevin pull he helmet off . they stand there a long beat , Kenny desperate to take he up , abandon he post ... but he do not . kenny hey , sport . you win ? kevin yeah . but Kevin see the turmoil in he father 's face . kevin ( cont 'd ) be everything go to be okay , dad ? Kenny 's force smile be answer enough . kenny yeah , kev. everything 's gonna be fine . but Kevin know . together they know . the end of the world be at hand . kevin I guess you will not be come home tonight . kenny I , uh ... suddenly a car honk . Kenny turn around . Bobby be lean out the rear passenger window of he limo . and he see what Kenny be do . he do not want to cut in , but have to . bobby Kenny ! we need to talk . Kenny look back at he son . kenny get back out there , kid . remember to hit them hard . kevin what about you ? where be you go ? kenny back to work . Kevin put he helmet back on he head . Kenny watch as Kevin jog off to rejoin he team . Kenny turn he back on he son , and stride for Bobby 's limo , die inside . ext . san souci parking lot - day Kenny and Bobby stand by they car off to one side of the restaurant 's parking lot . Bobby 's secret service Agents maintain a discreet distance . kenny if we be go to make a deal , we be go to have to do it fast . this be only get out of control . the only reason we be not at war this very minute be he 's be able to stretch , bend and break he own rule . he will not be able to keep it up forever . Bobby jam the last bit of sandwich in he mouth . a beat . Kenny look he in the eye . bobby and ? kenny and Jack want to trade the missile in Turkey . bobby the jupiter be obsolete . they be suppose to have be dismantle last summer anyway -- kenny -- Jesus , Mary and Joseph . I tell you how stupid it be to float the lippman article ! but you would not listen to I . what if there have not be a coup at all ? what if it 's you two who invite that second letter by raise the possibility of a trade ? Bobby be speechless with rage . kenny ( cont 'd ) and if the two of you be think this trade be you ace in the hole , you be so wrong . it 's a deuce . Bobby 's beyond furious . they catch they rise voice . kenny ( cont 'd ) and it 's not just I who think that . everyone on this so-called excom be tell you exactly the same thing : make the trade , and they be go to force we into trade after trade until finally they demand something we will not trade like Berlin , and we do end up in a war . ( beat ) not to mention , that long before that happen , this government will be politically dead . Bobby simmer for a long beat , think . and boy , do this guy hate admit he 's wrong . bobby all right , so maybe we overestimate how reasonable this trade would look . okay ? you happy ? so now what ? kenny so now you have get to talk he out of it . and then we have get to figure out a acceptable political solution . bobby and if there have be a coup and there be no acceptable political solution ? Kenny stare off at the city , agonize . int . oval office - night Kenny enter from he office , find Bobby , Rusk and sorensen talk with the President . the President give he a brief , meaningful look . rusk whatever response we send , it will take several hour for the wire to be receive by we embassy and deliver to the kremlin . so we be look at early tomorrow morning at the earliest before khruschev could respond . as Rusk talk , Kenny pass close by Bobby . Bobby whisper : bobby he get it , but he 's piss . the president that 's all well and good , but what do we say to them ? sorensen it depend on if we really believe there 's be a coup . that strike a cord with Kenny . kenny I agree . if there have be a coup , and there 's a hard - line government in power now , then it do not matter what we say . the end of the day we will either agree to they term , they will agree to ours , or we will go to war . but what if there have not be a coup ? what if ... what if what be happen be a series of accident ? sorensen the second letter be a accident ? kenny no . the letter be a intentional , but it 's have a effect far great than its author intend . ( beat ) what if we Jupiter missile be just a last minute haggle to salvage something ? maybe a bone khruschev be throw to the hard line , not really caring if we reject it or not ? ( beat ) and then this accident have happen . bobby make the second letter and the overall picture look worse than it really be . sorensen the gun of August . kenny exactly . ( beat ) if they be sane and human like we be , then maybe we just refuse , and they will let it slide , like we have be let thing slide . sorensen so we reject the second letter . and Kenny look at Bobby . the world stop . kenny no . we do not reject it ... it hit Bobby like a lightning bolt . bobby ... we accept the first letter and pretend the second do not exist . the President , Rusk and sorensen stare at he , mute . int . cabinet room - night hold on the exact same mute reaction from the entire assemble excom . finally mccone break the spell . mccone it will not work -- Bobby , Kenny and sorensen start to object , but mccone raise he voice over theirs . mccone ( cont 'd ) -- because it 's wishful think ! it 's the same wishful think that blind we all this month while the Soviets be sneaking that missile in under we nose ! McNamara shake he head , intrigue but skeptical . mcnamara ignore the second letter , agree to the condition of the first ... general taylor there 's no reason to believe the Soviets will let it go . rusk Max be right . why will they accept it ? mcnamara it can work . if , if they believe we will hit they . Kenny , Bobby and sorensen look at McNamara , grateful . mcnamara ( cont 'd ) we have only get time for one more round of diplomacy . the first airstrike start in less than 36 hour . rusk but we have to make they agree to it . so how do we do that ? the President lean forward . sense he 's about to speak , all eye turn to he . the president we give they something . we tell they we will remove the missile from Turkey say , six month from now so that there appear to be no linkage . we also tell they if they go public about it , we deny it and the deal be off . kenny and we do it under the table so we can disavow any knowledge of it . mccone it 's transparent . the press will be all over it . kenny six month from now , I be not go to care . be you ? we will deal with it . mcnamara at least it will expose whether khruschev have be overthrown . we will know what we be deal with . kenny and if this be a move to appease the hard line , then it may just be the bone he need to regain control of he own house . most excom be nodd , agree . mccone shake he head in disgust . Taylor sit in silence . rusk whoever carry the message have to hit the nail on the head . come across as too soft , they will push we . too hard , they will be cornere and even more dangerous . mccone they could pre-empt . it 's a terrible responsibility to bear . the room be silent . at last Bobby look up from he fold hand to he brother . the President stare back . there be nobody else who can do this . only Bobby . his brother . the president Bobby . you know dobrynin best . Bobby nod , take up the gauntlet . the president ( cont 'd ) Ted , you get work on the draft . sorensen and Bobby rise as one , head for the door . the president ( cont 'd ) and make sure he know we have to have a answer tomorrow . ( beat , final ) because on Monday we begin military action against Cuba . Bobby and Kenny exchange a look . ext . west wing driveway - night a long shot : Bobby emerge from the West wing in he overcoat , briefcase in hand . he pause , tiny , alone . the West wing - and all its impose spotlit power behind he - reduce to this insignificant man on he eleventh - hour mission . and then , out of the shadow , in the f.g. , step Kenny in he own coat , he breath frosting in the late- night air . Bobby see he , and know he be not so alone anymore . on the driveway they meet in front of the limo . Bobby stop , shuffles he thing , awkward . bobby what do you want ? a good - bye kiss ? Kenny open the driver 's side door . the secret service limo driver peer out . limo driver hey , Kenny . kenny hey , joe. listen , I will take care of he . go ahead in , grab some coffee . we will be back pretty quick . limo driver you sure ? Kenny 's nod and look -- there 's no argue . the limo Driver hop out , and Kenny get in . Bobby stand there outside for a beat . he try to hide how touch he be , but can not completely . kenny what 's the matter with you ? forget how to open a car door ? int . bobby's limo - night Bobby recover , open he own door , get in the front seat next to Kenny . kenny Jesus , you rich people . Kenny start up the engine . Bobby smile a twisted smile . as the car pull away , the two man sit in silence , neither willing to admit how glad the other be there . ext . pennsylvania ave . - night the limo wheel out into the street , carry the two friend into the darkness . int . bobby's limo - night Bobby stare out the window at the pass city , the light the life behind that window . as the car drive on and on , the tension return . Bobby feel the weight of all that life . on he . a long beat . he gaze at Kenny , the only man he could ever admit this to : bobby I do not know if I can do this . Kenny glance over at he . Bobby stare back . kenny there 's nobody else I would rather have go in there . Bobby look at he . kenny ( cont 'd ) nobody else I would trust helen and the kid ' life to . Kenny mean it . he look away . Bobby shift , awkward . bobby take a leave . Kenny look he . this be not the way to the justice Department . but he comply . bobby ( cont 'd ) we give so much to get here . I do not know . sometimes I think what the hell do we do it for ? kenny because we know we could do a better job than everyone else . and Bobby , in the silence and closeness of the car , turn on Kenny - anguish , know he life be at its climax . bobby you know ... I hate be call the brilliant one . the ruthless one . they guy who do the dirty work . the one everybody 's afraid of . Kenny look to he , move , not know what to say . bobby ( cont 'd ) I hate it . I be not smart , you know . and I be not so ruthless . he look to Kenny , search he face , then away , embarrassed . kenny you be right about the smart part , but ruthless , well ... that break the tension as they arrive at the scene : through the window appear the grim , square line of the soviet embassy . Police car line the street outside it . all the window be dark . a cordon of kgb guard in plainclothes stand by the gated entrance . on the opposite side of the street lounge two dozen WASHINGTON D.C. police . resume Kenny give Bobby a look . Bobby roll down he window . bobby slow down . smell that ? kenny smoke . bobby just want to see for myself . ( beat ) they be burn they document . the final duty of a embassy before war ... bobby ( cont 'd ) they think we be go to war . G -d help we , Ken . ext . soviet embassy - night the camera lift away from the limo , turn toward the embassy , past the Guards , past the brass plate which read embassy of the UNITED soviet socialist republics , up and up to the roof where black , reek smoke billow from all of the embassy 's several chimney . the camera race into it . it engulf we all . ext . justice department - night Kenny squeal the limo up to the curb in front of the justice Department . the door fly open , and Kenny and Bobby jump out , head up the step to the building . int . hall outside bobby's office - night Bobby 's staffer greet they as they stride down the hall , staffer # 1 take Bobby 's coat . staffer # 1 Sir , ambassador dobrynin be already here . we have he wait in you office . they reach the double oak door to Bobby 's suite and stop . Bobby face Kenny . kenny I will whistle up some luck for you . and before Kenny 's eye , all of Bobby 's doubt vanish . in its place , a severe confidence . a grandeur Kenny have never see . it make Kenny pause . he behold he best friend become a man of the age . and then Bobby smoothly open the door . int . bobby's waiting room - night and a door shut oc like a threshold of history . hold on Bobby 's wait room . Silent . cavernous . dim. plush carpet . heavy drape frame dark window . and abandon secretary 's desk . a row of sofa and chair on either side of the room . two doorway , one at either end of the room . a woman sit in one of the chair for visitor . dress in gray . prim . but beautiful . a secretary of some sort . one of the double door to the hall swing silently open . Kenny glide in . he see the other door shut at the far end of the room . Kenny crash in one of the chair to wait . hold on the scene , motionless , silent . Kenny whistle two note . stop . and then he begin to whistle the irish tune , o'donnell aboo . he get a bar into it -- and there 's a polite , soft cough . Kenny stop . then notice the woman in gray across the room . he do not see she . it 's dim over there . she look at he , expressionless . the camera find : a pin on she lapel . a red hammer and sickle . Kenny react . dobrynin 's assistant ? his opposite number ? a friend ? or more than a friend ? here be the face of the enemy . not a smile between they . Kenny resume he ease . and begin to whistle again . the haunt irish song echoe in the vault ceiling , fill the dim room . strange , sad , beautiful . the woman listen . and she face begin to soften . Kenny stare at the dark , lonely window , he song strive to fill the empty room . Kenny sink deeper in the chair , he tune all - consume ... and the woman 's voice break in . Kenny stop , look over . her voice be tremulous and beautiful . just a snatch of some song in Russian . she stop , awkward . Kenny stare . the woman stare back . no smile . but in they eye , they each see the other 's fear , the other 's beauty , the other 's humanity . so this be the enemy . the woman who be you ? Kenny glance to the door . he consider for a long moment . kenny the friend . Kenny break the gaze . he begin to whistle again . the camera drift away , find the far door to the inner office , Kenny 's tune stronger , carry with it hope ... int . bobby's office - night ... to the other side of that door . dobrynin sit in a chair opposite Bobby behind he desk . the room be equally dim . and far more tense . silence . and then the faintest strain of o'donnell aboo . dobrynin glance briefly over he shoulder at the door . but Bobby , unseen by dobrynin , can not help the flicker of a private smile . it 's Kenny 's presence , and Bobby be the stronger for it . and then the tune be go . Bobby lean forward , cool , control , masterful . bobby ambassador dobrynin , we be aware that at this moment you missile in Cuba be at the brink of operational readiness ... smash CUT to : ext . missile site - cuba - continuous floodlight illuminate missile , vertical on they erector , support vehicle , cluster across the man-made clear . mask -wear technician wave a fuel truck back to the nearest missile . Cloud of toxic vapor rise from the other . they have already be fuel . bobby ( v.o. ) they be a vital threat to my country . if launch , they would kill 80 million Americans . smash CUT to : int . bobby's office - continuous dobrynin listen impassively , as be he professional duty . bobby my brother , my friend , my countryman and I cannot and will not permit that missile to become operational . ( beat ) I promise you that . dobrynin look out the window . and then , pain , look back at Bobby . dobrynin then I fear we two nation will go to war . and I fear where war will lead we . Bobby acknowledge he with a nod . bobby if the missile do not become operational , if you remove the missile , then there will be no war . ( beat ) at this moment , the President be accept the term of Secretary khruschev 's letter of Friday night . if the Soviet Union halt construction immediately , remove the missile , and submit to U.N. inspection , the United States will pledge to never invade Cuba or aid other in that enterprise . dobrynin stare at Bobby . stare hard . dobrynin if you Jupiter missile in Turkey be remove also , such a accommodation could be reach . the two man move they argument forward with the deliberation and formality of chess master . bobby ( tired sounding ) the United States can not agree to such term under threat . any belief to the contrary -- ( beat ) -- be in error . dobrynin reel internally . the only sign on he face be a slight tremor . Bobby look up , register the calculate effect . and to dobrynin 's horror , the Russian believe : dobrynin you want war ... but not so fast . Bobby fold he hand . and he smoothly go from hard - ass brinksman to sensitive deal - maker . bobby however , while there can be no quid pro quo on this issue , the United States can offer a private assurance . dobrynin hold he breath . bobby ( cont 'd ) we Jupiter missile in Turkey be obsolete , and have be schedule for withdrawal for some time . this withdrawal should be complete within , say , six month . dobrynin let out he breath . bobby ( cont 'd ) of course , any public disclosure of this assurance would negate the deal and produce the most stringent denial from we government . dobrynin grasp the move immediately , understanding the ramification . still he hesitates a moment . dobrynin this private assurance represent the word of the highest Authority ? bobby yes . dobrynin and it can be relay beyond comrade khruschev 's ear to the top circle of my government bobby of course . we pledge can be relay to any government official Secretary khruschev see fit to satisfy . meaning this be the bone he can show the hard line . dobrynin struggle internally , know what Bobby have do , want to hug he . it come across as agitation . bobby ( cont 'd ) with the caveat that it be not make public in any way , shape or form . ( beat ) and we must have a answer tomorrow at the latest . I can not stress this point enough . dobrynin tomorrow ... bobby tomorrow ... dobrynin rise from he chair . Bobby rise with he . dobrynin then you must excuse I and permit I to relay the substance of we discussion to my superior . dobrynin head for the door . half way there he turn back to Bobby , deeply move . deeply grateful . dobrynin ( cont 'd ) we have hear storey that some among you military man wish for war . ( beat ) you be a good man . you brother be a good man . I assure you there be other good man . let we hope the will of good man be enough to counter the terrible strength of this thing which have be put in motion . int . oval office - night Kenny enter the oval Office through he side door . the office be dark , only the desk lamp on . Kenny 's gaze move over the trapping of power : the carpet with the presidential seal , the rock chair by the fireplace , the desk . and on the desk , tuck almost out of sight , sit a small , humble wooden plaque . it 's turn to face the occupant of the chair behind the desk . Kenny reach out , turn it around . it be the breton 's fisherman 's prayer . it read : oh lord , thy sea be great , my boat so SMALL . bobby ( o.s. ) we be out here . Kenny hold on the plaque a beat , and look up at the open french door to the Rose Garden . the curtain swirl around he in the wind as he go through the door and out -- ext . portico - continuous -- onto the portico . stand there in the dark , by the white neoclassical pillar of the cloister , be Bobby and the President . they be hold drink . Kenny join they . the President gesture out across the South lawn to the gleam Washington monument . the president we be just debate who have it worse , we or George Washington and he guy . bobby he do not have to worry about nuclear weapon . the president yeah , but the country do not even exist as a country yet . it be a mess , and he do not have a leg to stand on . kenny all he have be he character . the President and Bobby nod at the justice of that remark . bobby how do a guy get a rep like that ? the president do not matter to I . if I go down in history like Adams , I would die happy . all they say about he today be -- kenny -- he keep the peace . Kenny look at the President . the President feel it , and gaze back to he . the three of they stare out at the glitter city . the grandness of the world lie before they , and they be decide its fate , and be humble by the awfulness of it . the silence be beyond power . and for a long moment , they know not to disturb it . there be nothing leave to say . the President , at last , finish he drink . the president you know , we never do control it . not really . not like we think . he look at Kenny . Kenny nod . he know that now too . the president ( cont 'd ) but we do we best . now it 's up to they . ext . o'donnell driveway - night Kenny 's limo pull away , leave Kenny , coat in hand , at the bottom of he driveway . he watch it go , silently urging it to return for he with some call from the President tell he he 's desperately need . but it do not . he turn to he house . the light be all out . he notice he 's clutching the handle of he briefcase . his knuckle be white . with conscious effort , he unfold he hand , let the briefcase drop on the driveway . he stand alone , stripped of he friend , he family , he job ... and in that moment , mute , impotent in the shadow of armageddon , Kenny be we everyman of the nuclear Age . int . o'donnell kitchen - continuous helen stand in the kitchen , a ghostly white figure in she robe , the window open and curtain flap as she breathes the air . Kenny enter . he stand in the doorway . helen I see you out there . you want he to call you back , need you . kenny no. I be glad I be home . and she know the worst . helen how long do we have ? Kenny 's voice break . kenny if the sun rise in the morning , it be only because of man of goodwill . ( beat ) and that 's all there be between we and the Devil . they take each other in they arm , the wisdom of the atomic age so simple , so tenuous , every human life hang by such a thread ... yet a thread so powerful . the camera rise from they , find the OPEN window and the darkness . int . o'donnell bedroom - dawn the red dome of nuclear FIRE rise over Washington . it roil the air in its expand , blood -re glory . it be the sun . the dawn in the East . pull back through the OPEN window . super : sunday , october 28th . day 13 into Kenny and helen 's bedroom . and silence . Kenny and helen lie together on the bed . the light burn into Kenny 's half - shut eye . Kenny be only dimly conscious of the light 's meaning . until the phone shrill downstairs . Kenny be instantly up , launch out of the room . int . o'donnell kitchen - continuous Kenny snatch the red phone from its hook . kenny yeah ? bobby ( o.s. ) Kenny . it 's over . ext . ST . stephen' church - day the church bell toll in raucous celebration . Kenny , helen and the five o'donnell kide join the throng pack through the door to the church . they be all smile except Kenny who search for face in the crowd . and then he spot Bobby with he family . Bobby grin at he . that make Kenny grin back . radio moscow ( o.s. ) this be Radio Moscow . Moscow call . but Kenny keep look . radio moscow ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the follow statement be the text of a letter from General Secretary khruschev to President Kennedy . Kenny spot he emerge from the presidential limo , surround by secret service Agents - John Kennedy . his family also be with he . radio moscow ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... I regard with respect and trust the statement you make in you message of 27 October 1962 that there would be no attack , no invasion of Cuba , and not only the part of the United States , but also on the part of the western hemisphere , as you say in you same message . then the motive which induce we to render assistance of such a kind to Cuba disappear ... Kennedy , greeting well - wisher , a brilliant smile on he face , be carry through the crowd toward Kenny and the door of the church . radio moscow ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... it be for this reason that we have instruct we officer - this missile , as I already inform you be in the hand of Soviet officer to take appropriate measure to discontinue construction , dismantle they , and return they to the Soviet Union . ext . missile site - cuba - day the base have be half - dismantle over night . fuel truck pull away , lumping down the makeshift dirt road . across the site missile be lower , they nose cone be remove . a missile on its transporter , technician crawl all over it , covering it with a tarp . a massive Soviet helicopter 's rotor thunder as it lift off , cargo crate sway under it , a cloud of dust from its wash filling the screen , wiping US to : int . cabinet room - day excom laugh , celebrate , half - drunk already this Sunday morning . the President shush the group . the president hey ! hey . okay , that 's enough . the group quiet down . the president stare at they , calm , firm . they sober up quickly . Kenny listen , expectant . the president ( cont 'd ) I do not want any gloat . this be not a victory over the Soviets . it 's a victory with the Soviets . ( beat ) I want everyone to remember that . int . west wing hallway - day Kenny round a corner . McNamara , Bundy and mccone be talk , excited , hushed , stand to one side , down the hall . Kenny eye they as he draw closer , and then they notice he 's approach . Bundy nod he over , confidential . bundy we have be talk . we can play this big in ' 64 . it 's the foreign policy trophy we have be wait . Kenny sicken . he try to listen , but it all begin to blur . bundy ( cont 'd ) I think we can ride it all the way home next election . Bet you be way ahead of we , eh ? Bundy slap Kenny on the back . Kenny be pale . be what they be say possible ? but Bundy and mccone be too wrap up in they scheme to notice Kenny 's distress . mccone we have order crash reassessment of we major geopolitical hotspot . we have get a lot of new clout , and we can run the table on the Soviets . Middle East , Southeast Asia ... and Kenny , sad , move beyond all pity and loathing , realize it be possible . they have not get it . he be speechless , helplessly shaking he head . Bundy finally see something be not right with he . mcnamara what 's wrong , o'donnell ? Kenny can not speak . can not find the word . but tongue - tie finally manage : kenny do not you understand ? McNamara and Bundy look at he funny . bundy understand what ? Kenny just look at they , eye fill with sorrow . they begin to feel uncomfortable . kenny the sun come up today . bundy yeah . kenny it should not have . but it do . mccone we be lucky we be able to keep it under control . Kenny look away , unable to bear it . kenny every day the sun come up ... say something about we . bundy say what , Kenny ? Kenny look back at they . kenny something ... amazing . they just stare at he . and with secret smile , superior smile , they nod . mcnamara sure , Ken . I understand . feel good to win , do not it ? but they do not understand , and together turn away . bundy see you later , Kenny . Kenny watch they , head bow in discussion , disappear into the labyrinth of the West wing . Kenny turn he back on they . int . president's bedroom - day the President stand at he mirror , tie a bow tie to a tux for some Sunday special event . Kenny gather up he folder from nearby breakfast table . Kenny meet the President 's gaze in the mirror , and the two man know they have be to the same mountaintop . the president Kenny ... a beat . Kenny stand straight , ready for action , ready for some necessary thing . ready to go back into the game . the president ( cont 'd ) ... never mind . see you around , Kenny . Kenny start to leave , but at the door , turn back . kenny you know ... the President look at he in the mirror . kenny ( cont 'd ) ... this be what we be here for . the President smile a ever-so- faint smile . Kenny turn and leave the room , vanish , and as we hold on the empty doorway , the simple , whistle melody of o'donnell aboo drift from the hallway beyond , become we end music . fade out super : shortly after the crisis President Kennedy order a reassessment of U.S. - Soviet relation , ushere a brief thaw in the cold War . during this time , the Washington - Moscow hotline be install to ensure that in a future crisis , miscommunication would not lead to nuclear war . the President be assassinate on November 22nd , a year after the crisis end . the super : Bobby Kennedy run for president in 1968 . after win the California primary , he call Kenny from the ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles and tell he , " I finally feel like I be out from under my brother 's shadow . " Bobby be assassinate minute later . then super : the member of excom continue to serve with distinction in government in various capacity over the next three decade . as lyndon Johnson 's Secretary of Defense , Robert McNamara urge containment of the Soviet threat in every theatre of conflict around the world . he ultimately advise President Johnson to increase the U.S. military commitment to one of this minor backwater conflict : Vietnam . and finally super : Kenny o' donnell witness the President 's assassination from the car behind . he go on to head the peace platform at the 1968 Democratic National Convention , fight to end the Vietnam War . he die in 1977 .