this be spinal tap < Film Studio > marty : hello . my name be marty debergi . I 'ma film maker . I make a lot of commercial . that little dog that chase the cover wagon underneath the sink ? that be mine . in 1966 , I go down to greenwich Village , New York City to a rock club call the electric banana . do not look for it , it 's not there anymore . but that night I hear a band that for I redefine the word " rock and roll " . I remember be knock out by they , they exuberance , they raw power -- and they punctuality . that band be Britain 's now - legendary spinal tap . seventeen year and fifteen album later , spinal tap be still go strong , and they have earn a distinguished place in rock history as one of England 's loudest band . so in the late fall of 1982 when I hear that tap be release a new album call ' smell the Glove , ' and be plan they first tour of the United States in almost 6 year to promote that album , well needless to say I jump at the chance to make the documentary , the , if you will , rockumentary that you be about to see . I want to capture the , the sight , the sound , the smell , of a hard - work rock band on the road . and I get that . but I get more , a lot more . but hey -- enough of my yakkin ' . whaddaya say , let 's boogie ! < outside the venue > fan 1 : give I a lot of energy , make I happy . fan 2 : heavy metal 's deep , you can get stuff out of it . fan 3 : the way they dress , the leather . < JFK Airport , New York > David : which one be this ? be this LaGuardia or be this -- ? Ian : no , this be JFK . New York , New York . David : oh yes . < back outside the venue > roadie : watch it now , watch it now . ethereal fan : it 's like you become one with the guy in the band . I mean there 's ... there 's no division , you just ... the music just unite people ... with the player . < onstage > New York mc : you want it right , direct from hell , spinal tap ! --- spinal tap perform ' tonight I be gonna rock you tonight !--- David : we be spinal tap from the UK you must be the USA ! < Garden interview I > marty : let 's ... uh talk a little bit about the history of the group . I understand Nigel you and David originally start the band wuh ... back in ... when be it ... back in 1964 ? David : well before that we be in different group , I be in a group call the creature and w-which be a skiffle group . Nigel : I be in Lovely lad . David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : marty : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David marty : David : Nigel : marty : David : marty : derek : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : derek : David : Nigel : yeah . and then we look at each other and say well we might as well join up you know and uh .... so we become the original . right . and we have to change we name actually .... well there be , there be another group in the east end call the original and we have to rename ourselves . the New original . the New original and then , uh , they become .... the regular , they change they name back to the regular and we think well , we could go back to the original but what 's the point ? we become the thamesman at that point . --- the thamesman play gimme some money --- --- british tv : pop , look & listen 1965 --- you first drummer be uh .... the peeper .... Joe stumpy pepy ... great great ...uh... tall blond geek ... with glass uh ... uh.. good drummer . great look , good drummer . good , good drummer ... Fine drummer .... what happen to he ? he die , he , he die in a bizarre gardening accident some year back . it be really one of that thing ... it be ... you know ... the authority say ... you know ... well best leave it unsolve , really ... you know . and he be replace by . stumpy Joe - Eric stumpy soe child . what happen to stumpy Joe ? well , uh , it 's not a very pleasant story ... but , uh , he die ... «he choke on ... the ac- the official explanation be he choke on vomit . he pass away . it be actually , be actually someone else 's vomit . it 's not .... it 's ugly . you know . there 's no real .... you know they can not prove whose vomit it be ... they do not have the facility at Scotland yard .... you can not print , there 's no way to print a spectra-photograph ... you can not really dust for vomit . < reception , New York > Tan : 23 David : bobbi : derek : bobbi : Tan : derek : bobbi : here we go ... soho they call this place .... oh , it 's the band ! ' so ' what ? how be you ? Ian ! hi fella , how you do ... come over here . I want you to meet everybody . who be that ? viv , come over here ... everybody . bobbi flekman . who be it .... with the record company ? yes , bobbi flekman - the hostess with the mostest . you know , you know . hi , handsome . how you do ? alright , listen I want you all to meet Sir Dennis eton-hogg , now he 's the head of polymer . Band : we know , we know . David : oh , she know ... bobbi : ( to Nigel ) you do not talk so much - just smile and look smart . Dennis , come here ... come here I want you to meet spinal tap , we guest of honor . Sir Dennis : how very nice to meet you ! bobbi : kid ; this be Sir Dennis eaton-hogg ...this be Nigel . Nigel : hello , Dennis . Sir Dennis : oh , so this be Nigel ! Nigel : thanks a lot for let we uh .... bobbi : let 's go over here and we will all take a picture together . where 's christine ? where 's my photographer ? come over here honey . what 's you name ? christine ? ok , right over here ... good , good ! reporter : you guy look great . I mean you look fantastic . you would never know that you be almost 40 . I mean if I look this good and from the stage too it 's amazing you know .... morty the mime : I do the bird , do the dead bird ... change this , get the dwarf canole the little one .... mime : I do the bird .... morty the mime : c'mon , do not talk back huh ... mime be money , let 's go come on ; move it ! Sir Dennis : now , we here at polymer we be all look forward to a long and ... and ... and fruitful relationship with spinal tap . we wish they great success on they North american tour and so say all of we ... tap into America ! < limo > limo driver : Excuse I ... be you read " yes I can " ? limo groupie : yeah , have you read it ? limo driver : yeah , by sammy Davis jr.? limo groupie : yeah . limo driver : you know what the title of that book should be ? " yes I can if Frank Sinatra say it 's okay " . Cause Frank call the shot for all of that guy . do you get to the part yet where uh ... sammy be come out of the copa ... it 's about 3:00 in the morning and uh ... he see Frank ? Frank 's walk down Broadway by himself .... ( limo window raise by Nigel ) limo driver : fuckin ' limey . marty : well you know , ah ... they be not uh , ... use to that world . limo driver : yeah yeah . marty : you know Frank Sinatra it 's a different world that they're in . limo driver : you know , it 's just that people like this ... you know ... they get all they want so they do not really understand , you know ... about a life like franks , I mean , you know when you have love and lose the way Frank have , then you uh ... you know what life 's about . Ian : the Times may even do something . David : the New York Times ? Ian : yeah , the New York Times . David : the bump we have get to iron out here be when do we get the album release . I mean it do not matter how good the press be or what the stringer .. Tan : as I explain last night you know we be not gonna saturate the New York market .... now Philly now that 's a real rock and roll town . David : oh , Philly 's great . Ian : be assure that the album will be available all throughout the Philadelphia metropolitan area . David : so you be hit that market regardless of how we be sell in New York ? Ian : we be do , we certainly be do , well , I be do everything I can . David : that 's right . we be not blame you , you know that we be not blame you . marty : but you do not feel this guy have a effect on a audience , I mean , kid go to they concert they have a great time , uhh .... limo driver : but it 's ... it 's a pass thing ... it 's uh .... I mean I would never tell they this but this be uh ... this be a fad . --- spinal tap play Big bottom --- --- at Fidelity Hall , Philadelphia --- < Garden interview ii > marty : let 's talk about you review a little bit ... regard ' intravenus de milo ' : " this tasteless cover be a good indication of the lack of musical invention within . the musical growth rate of this band can not even be chart . they be tread water in a sea of retarded sexuality and bad poetry . " Nigel : that 's , that 's nit pick , be not it ? marty : ' the Gospel accord to spinal tap ' : " this pretentious ponderous collection of religious rock psalm be enough to prompt the question : " what day do the Lord create spinal tap and could not he have rest on that day too ? " " David : never hear that one ! derek : that 's a good one , that 's a good one ! marty : the review you have on ' shark sandwich ' ... which be merely a two word review - just say " shit sandwich . " umm .... derek : where would they print that , where would they print that ? David : where do that appear ? Nigel : that 's not real , be it ? derek : you can not print that . < record Industry Convention , Atlanta , Georgia > derek : all that argument about touring or not touring and all that it 's obvious we belong on tour , you know .... Ian : I could not agree more . all that stuff about you be too old and you be too white but .... derek : but what about the album , Ian ? David : well that 's the real problem there 's no way to promote something that do not exist , you know .... Tan : it 's a very unimportant reason , it 's just that they be experiment with , with some new uh ... package material . let I get the door . derek : what kind of experiment ? what they get monkey open it or what ? Ian : oh there 's uhh ... the other thing be that the uh ... the Boston gig have be cancel . Nigel : what ? Ian : yeah . I would not worry about it though , it 's not a big college town . Southern rock promoter : I hear you boy get a album come out . David : yeah , it should be out now , it 's call smell the Glove ... yeah ... yeah , yeah .... extra : smell the Glove ? it 's a provocative title . David : wait till you see the cover , wait till you see the cover , very provcative indeed . Ian : bobbi , bobbi , can I tear you away from all of this ? bobbi : do you have a drink ? everything ok ? Ian : no , I do not , I do not really need one . but , listen , um ... I really , I really do have to talk to you a bit about this , uh .... bobbi : Ian , come on , tell I whatever be on you mind .... Ian : .this whole issue of the , uh ... the issue of the cover . bobbi : yeah . Ian : -uh , we feel , I mean , we feel and it seem to be fact that , uh ... the company be rather down on the cover . be that the case ? bobbi : yes . Ian : you can give it to I straight , you know . bobbi : listen umm ... they do not like the cover , they do not like the cover . Ian : uh huh , well that be certainly straight . bobbi : they find it very offensive and very sexist . Ian : well what exactly ... do you find offensive , I mean , what 's offensive ? bobbi : Ian , you put a grease naked woman ... Tan : yes ... bobbi : ..on all four ... Tan : yes . bobbi : ... with a dog collar around she neck ... Ian : - with a dog collar ... bobbi : ...and a leash ... Ian : - and a leash . bobbi : ...and a man 's arm extend out up to here hold on to the leash and push a black glove in she face to sniff it . you do not find that offensive , you do not find that sexist ? Ian : no I do not , this be 1982 , bobbi , come on . bobbi : that 's right it 's 1982 get out of the 60' we do not have this mentality any more . Ian : well you shoulda see the cover they want to do . it be not a glove believe I . bobbi : I do not care what they want to do , now see this be something Ian that you be go to have to talk to you boy about . Ian : we be certainly not lay down any condition ... bobbi : and I do not think that a sexy cover be the answer for why a album sell or do not sell becuase you tell I ... the " White album " , what be that ? there be nothing on that goddamn cover . Excuse I , the phone 's ringing . Ian we will talk about this after . Ian : okay , bye bye . bobbi : hello . oh , hi Dennis . uh oh , okay . why do not you tell he ? okay , hold on one minute . Ian ? it 's eaton - hogg , he want to talk to you . Tan : bobbi : Tan : Nigel : Tan : David : bobbi : Tan : bobbi : yes ... Tan : bobbi : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : bobbi : okay . thank you darling . you be welcome ..... dear . hello Sir Dennis . hi , how be you ? ( out of phone ) oh , fuck old poofdah ! ( into phone ) but it 's really not that offensive Sir Dennis come on . okay . I will call you absolutely first thing in the morning . ( slam phone ) ah , shit . they be not gonna release the album ... because they have decide that the cover be sexist . well so what ? what 's wrong with be sexy ? I mean there 's no . sex-ist . - ist , not sexy . okay , listen I want to tell you this and and ... I be hold back because I do not know what Dennis 's decision be go to be ... but at this point both sear and k - Mart store have refuse to handle the album . they be boycot the album only because of the cover . if the first album have be a hit .... if the company be behind the album it can shove it right down they throat . money talk and bullshit walk and if the first album be a hit then we could have press on they then we could have tell they the music .... every cut on this album be a hit . let 's ... I do not give a shit what the album 's .... it 's a matter of compromise , we make a joke , and it be a long time ago , they be make it like a big deal . that 's true . you know , if we be serious and we say " yes she should be force to sniff ... smell the glove " then you would have a point you know but it 's all a joke , be not it , we be make fun of that sort of thing . it be and it be not , she should be make to smell it , but ... but not you know over and over again . you know , we can probably work something out . I will talk to Dennis and maybe we can come up with a compromise . a new design concept that we can all live with . < interview in restaurant > marty : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : marty : David : Nigel : David : marty : David : marty : David : marty : David : Nigel : Nigel you guy be school mate we do not ... we , we , we be not not university material what 's that on you finger ? that 's my gum ! what 's it do on you finger ? I might need it later . put it on the table , that 's terrible . well ... I might forget it on the table . you can not take he anywhere . how old be you guy when you meet ? eight year old . eight or nine . you be eight and I be seven . that 's right , yeah . do you remember the first song that you guy ever write together ? all the Way Home , probably . all the Way Home ? yeah . can you remember a little bit of it ? I would love to hear it . Christ . some black coffee maybe we could do it . how 's it go ? and David : I be stand out beside the railroad track ... and I be David : marty : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : wait for that train to bring you back .... if , if , if , if , if she 's not on the the 5:19 then I be gonna know what sorrow mean ..... and I be gonna cry cry cry all the way home .... all the way home .... all the way home ..... Cry , cry , cry all the way home ..... fairly simple ..... there 's about six word in the whole song , you know . just repeat they over and over again . let 's talk about you music today ...uh... one thing that puzzle I ...um , .. be the make up of you audience seem to be ...uh ... predominately young boy . well it 's a sexual thing , really be not it . aside from the identify the boy do with we there 's also a re-reaction to the female ..... of the female to we music . how do you put it ? really they be quite fearful - that 's my theory . they see we on stage with tight trousers we have get , you know , armadillo in we trousers , I mean it 's really quite frightening ... yeah . ... the size ... and and they , they run scream . --- spinal tap perform Hell hole --- --- Chapel Hill , North Carolina --- < vandermint auditorium > Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Ian , can I have a word with you for a minute ? yes , of course . ...uh , a couple of problem with the ... what ? ... arrangment backstage ... what exactly ? well , uh .. what , I mean ... well , no , there 's some problem here , I do not even know where to start , alright ? this , uh .. soundcheck ? what , what , what wrong ? no , no , no , no this .... look , look , look , there 's a little problem with the ... look this , this miniature bread . it 's like ... I have be work with this now for about half a hour . I can not figure out ... let 's say I want a bite , right , you have get this ... you would like bigger bread ? exactly ! I do not understand how ... you could fold this though . well , no then it 's half the size . not the bread , you could fold the meat . yeah , but then it , then it break up , break apart like this . no , no , no , you put it on the bread like this , you see but then , if you keep fold it , it keep break ... why do you keep fold it ? and then you ... everyh have to be fold , and then it 's this , and I do not want this I want large bread so that I can put this ... right ... so then it 's like this , this do not work because then ... it 's all .... ' cause it hang out like that ? Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : < amid marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : look ... yeah . would you be hold this ? no , I do not want to eat ... I would not want to put that in my mouth , no you be right , Nigel , you be right ... no , alright ' a ' , exhibit ' a ' , now we move on to this , look , look who 's in here ? no one ! and then in here there 's a little guy , look ! so it 's , it 's a complete catastrophe . you be right , Nigel , Nigel calm down , calm down . calm d...good , no it 's not a big deal , it 's a joke , it 's really , it 's ... I be sorry , it 's just some crappy univeristy , you know I know , yeah , right , it 's a joke , it 's all a j- really , I do not want it to affect you performance . it 's not gonna affect my performance , do not worry about it , alright , just hate it , it 's really ... it will not happen again . it do disturb I . it 's disgusting . but I will rise above it , I be a professional , right ? alright . --- spinal tap perfom Hell hole --- Nigel 's guitar Collection > do you play all ... I mean do you actually play all this or . well , I play they and I cherish they . mmm-hmm ... . this be the top of the heap right here . there 's no question about it . look at the , look at the flame on that one .... yes . I mean it 's just ... it 's quite unbelievable . this o- this one be just ah ... be perfect ...1959 ...ah... you know , it just , you can uh ... listen ! how much do this .... just listen for a minute .... I be not .... the sustain ... listen to it ... I be not hearing anything . you would , though , if it be play , because it really ... it 's famous for its sustain ... I mean , you could , just hold it .... well I mean so you do not .... aaaaaaaaaaaaaa .... you could go and have a bite a ' .. , aaaaaaaaa ... you would still be hearin’ that one . could you hold this a sec ' ? sure . this one ... this ' course be a custom three - pickup - ' Paul . this be my radio ...unit .... oh , I see .... so I strap this ... this piece on , you know , right down in here when I be on stage and .... it 's a wireless . wireless , exactly . and ...uh I can play without all the mucky -muck . you can run anywhere on stage with that . exactly . now this be special , too , it 's a...look ... see ... still get the uh ... the ol ' tagger on it ... see ... never even play it ...see ... you just buy it and .... Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : < Hotel smitty : Tan : 2 : smitty : Tan : smitty : Tan : smitty : Tan : smitty : Tan : smitty : David : Tan : smitty : Tan : smitty : do not touch it ! do not touch it ! no one ... no one ...no ! do not touch it . well uh I be not ... uh I be not gonna touch it ... I be just point at it ... I ... well do not point , even . do not even point ? no . it can not be play ... never ... I mean I .... can I look at it ? no . no you have see enough of that one . do not look at it . this be a top to a , you know , what we use on stage , but it 's very ... very special because if you can see ... yeah ... ... the number all go to eleven . look ... right across the board . ahh ...oh , I see .... eleven ...eleven ... eleven .... .. and most of this amp go up to ten .... exactly . do that mean it 's ... louder ? be it any louder ? well , it 's one louder , be not it ? it 's not ten . you see , most ... most bloke , you know , will be play at ten . you be on ten here ... all the way up ... all the way up .... yeah .... .. all the way up . you be on ten on you guitar ... where can you go from there ? where ? I do not know .... nowhere . exactly . what we do be if we need that extra ... push over the cliff ... you know what we do ? put it up to eleven . eleven . exactly . one louder . why do not you just make ten louder and make ten be the top ... number ... and make that a little louder ? ... this go to eleven . lobby , Memphis , Tennessee > be you uh - be you spinal tap ? spinal tap -- this be spinal tap . tap -- tap -- tap -- tap -- tap. welcome to Memphis , gentleman . we have a slight problem with you reservation . nothing serious , I be afraid . how slight ? you want seven , uh , suite . Seven . Seven suite . yes w- we -he mistakenly put you on the seventh floor with one suite . that 's considerably more than minor . well , it 's a good-size room , sir . it 's a , it 's a ' King Leisure 's . we can get you a - something - how be we go to get fourteen people in a ' King Leisure ' bed ?! oh-ho - ho do not - do not tempt I , sir . have a good time , will you -- we will be right here . I will , I will take care of it . welcome , gentleman - and very attractive they be , too . hey ! hey ! listen to I : we want this suite , and we want they now ! ok ? this people be tired , we have soundcheck in a hour . yes , sir . we can not help you out - reba - perhaps you can help reba : smitty : Tan : smitty : David : derek : Mick derek : ( craze David : derek : fan : Nigel : David : Terry : David : Terry : David : Terry : David : Terry : David : Terry : David : Terry : Tan : Terry : Tan : Terry : derek : David : derek : Duke : David : David : Nigel : David : derek : Nigel : David : derek : Mick : David : Tan : David : Tan : here . what 's the problem , sir ? can you give I a hand , please ? yes . I will tell you what you can do . ok ? this - twisted old fruit here - tell I that you have fuck up my reservation . I be just as God make I , sir . what 's the difference between golf and miniature golf ? I think it 's-uh ... the wall . ? the hole be smaller female fan shriek . ) uh- oh - look out , here they come .... hold you breath . Duke ! Duke ! can I have you autograph ? it 's Duke . Duke ! Duke ! get you hand back . it 's ok , we know be , it 's spinal tap . sure . David St hubbin , spinal tap ; derek small , spinal tap ; Nigel .... look , we gotta get go here . listen , uh ...uh ... where you play in town ? you you playin ' here ? we be doin ' the ...uh ... enormodome whatever it be . it 's terrific , it 's a good house . we sell it out . oh yeah big place outside of town . very nice . that 's a big place . you sell it out ?! what 's that , twenty - thousand seat ? we really should run , you know ... good heaven . how be you , laddy ?! great to see you , ter ! terrific to see you . uhhhhm ... liam ! Ian . Tan . Ian . yeah , listen , we would love to stand around and chat , but we have gotta ... sit down in the lobby and wait for the limo . ok . ok . great . Duke , great to see you . great to see you again , Terry . we will catch up with you on the road . cheer . Duke ! great to see you . see ya . see you , Duke . good day . good day . fuckin ' wanker . what a wanker . what a wanker . total no talent sod . he 's get this much talent -- this much if he 's lucky . we carry he . we have to apologize for he with we set . that 's right . that 's right , yeah . people be still booin ' ' im when we be on tour . it 's all hype . it 's all hype . it 's all buy . yep . we get we room , big fat suite . lemme ask you something - lemme ask you something what ? David : Tan : David : Tan : David : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : David : Tan : David : Tan : derek : Nigel : David : Tan : Nigel : derek : Tan : David : Tan : all : Tan : David : derek : David : Nigel : Tan : Mick : Tan : derek : Tan : derek : Tan : < Ian 's marty : Tan : marty : Tan : marty : Tan : marty : Tan : have you see Duke Fame 's current album ? um ... yes , yes . have you see the cover ? um ... no , no , I do not think I have . it 's a rather lurid cover , I mean ... ah , it 's , it 's like naked woman , and , uh .... he 's tie down to this table , uh-huh . and he 's get this whip and they be all ... semi-nude . knockin ' on ' im and it 's like much worse ... what 's the point ? well the point be it 's much worse than ' smell the Glove ' ... he release that he 's number three . because he 's the victim . they objection be that she be the victim . you see ? I see .... oh ... ah .... that 's alright , if the singer 's the victim , it 's different . it 's not sexist . he do a twist on it . a twist and it s- he do , he do . he turn it around . we shoulda think of that .... we be so close .... I mean if we have all you guy tie up , that probably woulda be fine . ah .... but it 's ... it 's still a stupid cover . it 's such a fine line between stupid a ' ... . and clever . yeah , and clever . just that little turnabout .... I have a small piece of bad news . although it may not be that bad . for a change , you mean ? we be - uh . we be cancel here . at the hotel ? no , we be cancel - the gig be cancel .... fuck ! uh ... it say " Memphis show cancel due to lack of advertising fund " ... office > the last time tap tour America , they where , uh , book into 10,000 seat arena , and 15,000 seat venue , and it seem that now , on they current tour they be be book into 1,200 seat arena , 1,500 seat arena , and uh I be just wonder , do this mean uh ... the popularity of the group be wane ? oh , no , no , no , no , no , no ... no , no , not at all . I , I , I just think that the .. uh .. they appeal be become more selective . yeah . now , I notice this here , you have get this cricket bat here ... yes . do you play ? no , I carry this partly of , uh , I do not know some sort of , uh , I suppose what 's the word ...uh .... affectation ? yes , I mean it 's , it 's , a it 's a kind of totemestic thing you know , but to be quite frank with you , it 's come in usefull in a marty : < Hotel David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : derek ? David : derek : David : dd : dd : derek : dd : derek : < elvis David : derek : David : Nigel : David David : David : Nigel : couple of situation . certainly in the topsy , turvy world of heavy rock , have a good solid piece of wood in you hand be quite often ... useful . mhmh . room , Memphis , Tennessee > I miss you too , darling ... uhm , not too well , actually ... well , we have get some cancellation , that 's all , we get to Memphis , and there be no gig in Memphis and we find out that this , this promotor in the mid-west uhh have pull out St. Louis , and Kansas City , and uh ...oh Des Moines ... I do not know , it 's in Indiana or something ... I think ... oh do not tease I , that 's not until April , great ! we will do it , oh good , oh , fuck great ... milwaukee ... milwaukee , Wisconsin ... I have no idea , you might have to take the plane to New York , and then get , and then go to , uh , to milwaukee from there .+.0h , good I love you too ... okay , bye ... ah , well , my problem be solve , mate ! who 's that ? jeanine , she 's go to come meet we . she be suppose to do this this uh window layout for Neil kite 's boutique , but it 's not until April . be she come to drop some stuff off , you know , and then ... no . ... and then go back ? no , she 's come on she own , she 's go to travel with we , gonna go on the road with we . : turn it up , turn it up ! she say she can hear that I be eat too much sugar on the phone , she say my larynx be fat . you uh might want to come next door , the radio be play a bit of you past . ohooow ..... I do not believe it ! listen to this . shhhhh . sound good . oh , yeah , go all the way back to 1965 that one .... shhhhhh - shhh . do not it feel good , with the thamsmen and '' cup and cake " ... you be a oldie ... you be a oldie ! the thamesman later change they name to spinal tap they have a ? couple of b-side hit they be currently reside in the " where be they now " file . johnny q with you on Golden 106 and right after we ... rock you ! ' grave , graceland , Memphis , Tennessee > I be not really sure this be such a great idea , I mean I do not feel any better than I do at the hotel . he be go to do a tv special from here , before he die . yeah , that 's right , the musical version of " somebody up there like I " ... ( sung : ) well since my baby leave I , I find a new place to dwell ... well , it 's down at the end of Lonely Street , at heartbreak Hotel . do it , do it with the harmony part . + Nigel : well since my baby leave ... the same key , though , I think . + Nigel : well since my baby leave I ... if I be go : well since my baby leave I , meeee David : derek Nigel : derek : David : Nigel David : derek : David : derek : David : Nigel : David : no , you can not hit that note ! + David : + Nigel : mmmmm ... well since my baby leave I , well , I find a new place to dwell ... that 's alright . not really , not really ... voice down ... well it sound raga , do not want to go raga on this stuff ... no , not with this you do not , well since my baby leave I , I find a new place to dwell ... it sound ... fuckin barbershop ... hey ! barbershop raga . hey , watch the , watch the language , you be ? pay homage to the King ! oh sorry ... well this be thoroughly depress . it really put perspective on thing , though , do not it ? too much , there 's too much fuck perspective now . < garden interview III > marty : derek : David : derek David : Nigel : David : derek : David : marty : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : derek : Nigel : Nigel derek : Nigel : David : Nigel : derek : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : in 1967 , uh , you ... that be the first time spinal tap come into existence ? well , the whole world be change in that day . and , and we also have the world 's ear we be change the world . because we have just release a enormous sell single : " listen to the flower people " . flower people ! we tour the world , we tour the States ... we tour the world and elsewhere . it be , it be a dream come true . spinal tap perform " ( listen to the ) flower people " --- --- jamboree bop american - tv 1967 --- now , during the flower people period , who be you drummer ? stumpy 's replacement , Peter James bond , he also die in mysterious circumstance ... we be play a ... Festival ... jazz-blue festival , where be that ? blue -jazz really . blue -jazz festival ... it be in the Isle of , it be in the Isle of .... + derek : Isle of Lucy . Isle of Lucy . Isle of Lucy . Isle of Lucy ... jazz -blue festival ... and .... it be tragic really ... he explode on stage . just like that ... he just go up . he just be like a flash of green light ... and that be it , nothing be leave ... look at he face .... it 's true , this really do happen . well , there be a little green globule on he drum seat . like a stain , really . it be a small stain , a globule , actually , and ... you know several ... you know dozen of people spontaneously combust each year , it 's just not really widely report . right . < sound check , shank Hall , milwuakee , Wisconsin > Nigel : hello , hello , hello , hello David : testin' , test , test , test , test " this be mike munber one , this be mike number one , be not this a lot of fun okay , get the mike ... Nigel : two , two , let 's do G. S. m , alright ... G. S. M. --- spinal tap play G. S. M. , ( gimmie some money ) --- jeanine : David : jeanine : 23 jeanine : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : marty : jeanine : Tan : derek : Tan : 23 derek : Tan : David : Tan : derek : Tan : David : Tan : David : Tan : derek : David : Tan : Nigel : Tan : 23 derek : David : Nigel : David : it look .. Tan : Nigel : David : hello , darling , hellooo , get a surprise for you . hey ! where would you come from ? where do you think I come from ? bloody airplane , do not I ? right ? David ..... David ..... David .... David ... feel good , oh I have be want to do that for the longest time . ... carry you about with I ... what 's ... tell I ... wh ... that 's the film crew I tell you about , this , this be the film crew : ma ... ma'tn , hi , martin ... this be jeanine . hello . hello . here it be ! visitor 's Day . be not it ? here it be , lad ! " smell the Glove " ... gather round .. where 's David ?... David , David , get up here ! come on Ian , you be kid .. David , " smell the Glove " be here . hello , jeanine . the moment we have all be wait for ... here we go , plenty for everybody ... here you be . I never think I would see ... I never think I would live to see the day . what do you think ? be this the test press ? no , this be it , yes , that 's right ... this be " smell the Glove " by spinal tap .... that 's " smell the Glove " that 's , that 's the jacket cover , it 's go out across the country in every store . this be the compromise we make ... this be the compromise you make ? yes . be it go to say anything here , or here along the spine ? it 's not go to say anything ? no , it 's not go to say anything . it 's go to be like this , all black ... no , it 's go to be that simple , beautiful , classic ! do look a little bit like , you know , black leather ... you can see yourself in ... both side . I feel so bad , I feel so bad about this ... it 's like a black mirror . well , I think it look like death ... it look like mourn . I mean David , David , every , every movie , in every cinema be about death ; death sell ! I think he 's right , there be something about this , that 's that 's so black , it 's like ; " how much more black could this be ? " and the answer be : " none , none ... more black . " I think , like you have , like rationalize this whole thing like into something you do on on purpose . I think we be stick with a very , very stupid and a very , and a very dismal look album , Nigel : David : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : Tan : < Mick marty : Mick : marty : Mick : marty : Mick : derek : Tan : David : this be depress . David ! this be something you wear around you arm , you do not put this on you fuck turntable . David , it 's a choice . I frankly think that this be the turn point , okay ? I think , I think this be ... we be on we way now . I agree , I agree ... it 's time , time to kick arse ! --- spinal tap perform " rock and Roll creation " --- shrimpton in bathtub > give the history of spinal tap drummer , uh , in the past , do you have any fear , uh , for you life ? when I do join , you know , they do tell I , they kind of take I aside and say " well , Mick , ah , you know it 's like this " and it do kind if freak I out a bit , but it can not always happen to every , can it ? right ... right , the law of average say ... the law of average ... ... say that you will survive . yeah . Bus > ohh , quite exite , quite exite this computer magic , wheeeee ... how many uh planet have you destoy , viv ? well , four or five , fifth time around I think ... really five galaxy go , you know .... this be Cindy 's first moustache . be it ? can I take it off now ? jeanine : why ? too hot in here ? David : no , it 's ... it 's , I think I might go back to see what they be up to back there you know , I do not think they really need to see this until you have finish with it , you know ... jeanine : well , you be read , you can , you can read here ... David : yeah , but ... they , they have get a game back there , think I mabye I have a look at the new game , it 's like a submarine thing . jeanine : you have get , you have get all stuff on you again . < David and jeanine interview > David : marty : before I meet jeanine , my life be cosmically in shamble , it be ah ... I be use bit and piece of whatever Eastern philosophy happen to drift through my transom and she sort of sort it out for I , straighten it out for I , give I a path , you know , a path to follow . I wonder if you have as much influence over he musical expression ? jeanine : oh , yeah , I mean listen to he when he 's experiment , and David : thing like that , do not I ? he 's , he play thing to I , sometimes when he 's work up , and he 's get a new bit he want to tell I about , you know , and I say " yeah , that 's good " , or '' that 's bad " , or " that 's shit " or whatever , you know . yes , she be very honest , she be brutally frank . marty : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : < Nigel marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : Nigel : marty : < airpor aso : derek : aso : derek : David : aso : derek : David : aso : derek : aso : David : Nigel : < Hotel artie : viv : artie : derek : well , how do that go over with the other band member ? I mean , you well , what happen be that she give I the brutally frank version and I sort of tart it up for they . yes . of course , you know , it 's so strange because Nigel and jeanine be so similar in so many way , but they just can not , they do not dislike each other at all ... no . there 's great love between the two of they ... oh , yes .... but , they just , there 's some sort of communication that 's just not , just block or something ... play piano > it 's pretty . yeah , I like it , just be fool about with it for a few month now , very delicate ... it 's a , it 's a bit of a departure from the kind of thing you normally play . yeah , it 's part of a ... trilogy really , a musical trilogy I be do ... in ... D minor , which I always find be really the saddest of all key really . I do not know why , but it make people weep instantly , you play a..baaaaa ...baaaaaa .... it 's the horn part . it 's very pretty . ... baaaa , baaaaa , yeah , just simple line intertwine , you know very much like , I be really influence by mozart and bach , it 's sort of in between that , really , it 's like a Mach piece really , it 's ... what do you call this ? well , this piece be call " lick my Love Pump " . hmm . t security > Excuse I , sir , do you have any metal object in you pocket ? yeah . take they out and put they in the bucket . coin , key , tuning fork . musician , I have to stay in tune , you know , be a moment . one more ok , would you take this jacket off please ? oh , it 's the zipper ... settin off the machine . let 's go then , let 's go hurry up . step over here , please ..... raise you arm .... do you have any artificial plate or limb ? not really , no .... uh ... would you umm ...... do it . do it . --- spinal tap play heavy duty --- room , Chicago , Illinois > hi , artie fufkin . hey , artie ... polymer record , how be you , hey , how ya doin 's you be .... derek ? derek , yeah . artie : Nigel : artie : Nigel : artie : Nigel : artie : Nigel : artie : Nigel : artie : derek : artie : Nigel : artie : artie fufkin , polymer record , how be you , I be you promo man here in Chicago . wow , that 's great . I love you guy , and ... yeah . and of course , Nigel . Nigel . I love you , Nigel tufnel . right . I love you stuff , I go back with you guy .... artie fufkin , polymer record right , yeah . and who be you , darlin' ? oh , this be my special new friend , Cindy . hello , Cindy . and this be belinda . hello , belinda ... belinda : Nice to meet you . artie : derek : artie : David : artie : Mick : 23 rsg : < disk artie : ro : artie : ro : artie : ro : artie : Nigel : artie : Nigel : artie : Nigel : artie : artie fufkin , polymer record , promo .... and I be ... oh ... what 's go on here ... they're make a ... ..+ hi , hi guy , artie fufkin , polymer record , nice to see you , and where be David ?... David , hi , artie fufkin , how be you ? it 's nice to see you .. we have get something exite happen tomorrow .... the food ! the food !... ahhhhh ...owwww ... ohhhh the food ! oh , thank god , civilization ! where do I put this ? a ' dat autograph session > what be you do to I here ? I be not do anything . I think we have a relationship here ... I do not know what happen ? Business be terrible , artie , what can I tell you ... this be the truth . I know business be terrible , but what happen with the with the record store with the promotion , and no one show up ! this be not a personal thing artie , nobody 's come in the store to ... forget personal thing . we have a relationship here , forget about personal , what about a relationship ?... I feel like a shlub , I do not know what 's happen , it 's I , that 's what happen . it 's I , I do it , it 's my fault . we be tell massive radio support . we do ! we do massive . vast ... they say vast radio support . we do massive , we saturate , we over saturate . that 's what it be , it 's I , I do it , I fuck up , I fuck up the timing , that 's all , I fuck up the timing , I have get no timing , I have get no timing , I have get no timing . you know what I want you to do ? will you do something for I ? what ? do I a favor , just kick my ass , okay ? kick this ass for a man , that 's all , kick my ass , enjoy ! c'mon , I be not ask , I be tell with this , kick my ass ! < xanadu Star theater , Cleveland , Ohio > crowd : c'mon ...c' mon ! derek : Nigel : derek : crowd : derek : Nigel : viv : derek : Nigel : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : crowd : David : derek : crowd : derek : David : janitor : David : janitor : David : janitor : derek : janitor : David : derek : janitor : David : janitor : David : janitor : David : janitor : David : janitor : David : viv : David : derek : David : derek : Nigel : David : janitor : derek : David : derek : well we have keep ‘em wait long enough . let 's do it to they . c'mon Mick !!! let 's go Mr. shrimpton ! let 's rock and roll ! c'mon . let 's hear some rock and roll ! rock and roll !!! let 's go then yeah . yeah mate !!! go to be a hot one be not it ? it 's go to be a great show . no it 's not a exit . not a exit . we do not want a exit . no , that 's true . try this way . I hope so . this way . wait , this look familiar , though ... it really do . listen . tap ! tap ! tap ... shit . let 's not lose it though ! let 's not lose it ... where the fuck be Ian ? you know he should be here . tap ! tap ! tap .... we get to get to it someway . we have be on stage right ? we be in the group . we be in the group that 's play tonight . you go right straight through this door here , down the hall .... yeah . ... turn right ... yeah . ... and then there 's a little jog there , about thirty foot ... a jog ? ... jog to the leave ... a jog ? we do not have time for that . ... go straight ahead ... we trust you . we trust you . ... go straight ahead , go straight ahead , turn right the next two corner , and the first door the sign " authorize personnel only " ... yeah . open that door , that 's the stage ! you think so ? you be authorize . you be musician be not you ? we have get guitar yeah . it 's on the ... alright ! thank you . thank you very much . rock and roll !!! rock and roll !!! let 's get it ! let 's get it ! this way ? no , this way . I see , this way . straight through . rock and roll ! hello Cleveland ! hello Cleveland !!! let 's go ! fuck ! you must have make a wrong turn . we gotta go another way . other way . other way . other way . other way . other way . < season 's Restaurant > David : Tan : jeanine : David : jeanine : Nigel : jeanine : Nigel : jeanine : Nigel : David : jeanine : Nigel : jeanine : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : jeanine : I hate to keep harping on this , but I think that the notion of a black album have really curse we , in a way . believe I , we be get some very substantial report of airplay . I do not think we have to worry about that . you know , it might have be better if the , uh , album have be mix right . well I suppose you could cry about that , of course it 's true . I mean it 's true . it be not ... it be mix all wrong , be not it ? it be mix wrong ? yeah .... be you there ? ... you could not hear the ... how do you know it be mix wrong ? but she 's ... she 's hear the ... she 's hear the record . no , but I have hear the album . so you be judgement be that it be mix wrong . you could not hear the lyric all over it . you do not agree that you can not hear the vocal ? no , I do not . I do not agree . no. well I think maybe . it 's interesting that she 's bring it up . well she would like to hear the vocal . I mean it 's like it 's I say , you know , you be use the wrong conditioner for you hair . do not be stupid . you do not , you do not do heavy metal in doubly , you know , I mean ... it 's Nigel : jeanine : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Tan : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : Nigel : David : Nigel : jeanine : David : in what ??? in what ??? in doubly ... in dublin !?! what 's that ? she mean dolby , alright ? she mean dolby , you know ? you know perfectly well what she mean . .. sha ha ... we sha not recover from this one . we sha not recover from this one . oh , come on . can I have ... can I have the floor for just one moment because I have get , you know , something I would like to show you . this , uh , jeanine 's be work on this very hard . this be a new direction ... get a new idea for a new presentation . .a stage look ... for the band fashioned after . the sign of the zodiac . ... the sign of the zodiac . we need a new presentation . this be a look for viv ; he 's a Libra . there 's sort of the ying ... yang - ying and the yang ... ... sort of look , this be Nigel . he 's ...he 's uh sort of a goat look . I have give you a little bib . < beard > be this a joke ? ... this be the ... Excuse I , be this a joke ? a joke ??? just bear with we for one moment please . this . Capricorn . I love this . I derek : David : Tan : idea jeanine : David : Tan : David : Nigel : jeanine : David : derek : David : derek : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : Tan : Nigel : David : Nigel : Tan : David : Tan : David : wish I be ... Cancer . this be you crab face . give I a chance ! give it a chance . david. david. David . wait , please , wait a minute . have you any what it will cost to dress up the band as animal ? oh , it do not cost nothing . it really do not . they be not animal , they be sign of the zodiac . they be animal . it 's a way to fight the drab . you know we have get the drab . well that 's true . I think mine would look good - better in doubly . if it be do in doubly .... oh shut up !!! I know it would not be easy . I be quite open minded enough .... David . no , no , David , there be solution to all problem . I think we know what they be . I have yet to hear they . I have yet to hear they .... we can take the rational approach ; we can say .... May I make a suggestion ? May I make a suggestion ? I have get one other suggestion . well let 's hear yours . let 's hear you suggestion . stonehenge ! stonehenge . it 's the best production value we have ever have on stage . but we have not get the equipment . we have not get the equipment , we have not get stonehenge , we have not ... not yet we do not . let 's start ... we have not get ... please , please just a moment . musically , musically we all know it . we know it work ... I do not think it 's a bad idea . musically we all know it . right ? no problem musically . we go right on stage . and it 's quite simple . this be you know ... Ian can take care of this ... I know what the stonehenge monument look like . we do not have that piece of scenery anymore . I know , so we build a new one . and this be it , look ! consider ... consider it do . so you be just go to take care of it like that . you be go to find someone to design it ... use that as a plan ? let 's try . let 's try . if you can do it , I will do the number . < interview in storeroom > marty : do you feel that in collaboration with David , that you be ... afforded the opportunity to express yourself musically the way you would like to ? Nigel : well , I think I do you know in my solos . my solos be my trademark . < cut to < cut to Tan : artist : Tan : artist : Tan : Nigel 's guitar solo > room in Austin , Texas > this look actually perfect . I mean it 's , uh , the right proportion . it will be this color right ? yeah . yeah . yeah . that 's ... that 's ... that 's just terrific . it almost look like the real thing . well good . when we get the actual , uh , set , when we get the piece , it will ... it will follow exactly this specification . I mean even artist : Tan : artist : Tan : artist : Tan : artist : Tan : artist : Tan : artist : Tan : artist : Tan : < Hotel David : Tan : derek : Tan : David : Tan : David : Tan : jeanine : Tan : David : derek : David : derek : David : jeanine : David : Tan : David : Tan : jeanine : this contour and everything ? um , I be not understanding it . what do you mean " the actual piece ? " well I mean ... I mean when you build the actual piece . but this be what you ask for , be not it ? what ? well this be the piece . this be the piece ? yes . be you tell I that this be it ? this be scenery ? have you ever be to stonehenge ? no , I have not be to stonehenge . the triptych be ... the triptych be twenty foot high . you can stand four man up they ! Ian , I be ... I be ... I be suppose to build it eighteen inch high . this be insane . this be not a piece of scenery . look , look . look , this be what I be ask to build . eighteen inch . right here , it specify eighteen inch . I be give this napkin , I mean ... forget this ! fuck the napkin !!! --- spinal tap perform stonehenge --- room > I do not , for one , think that the problem be that the band be down . I think that the problem may have be ... that there be a stonehenge monument on the stage that be in danger of be crush by a dwarf . alright ? that tend to understate the hugeness of the object . I really think you be just make a much too big thing out of it . make a big thing out of it would have be a good idea . Nigel give I a draw that say eighteen inch . alright ? I know he do , and that 's what I be talk about . now , whether he know the difference between foot and inch be not my problem . I do what I be tell . but you be not as confuse as he be you ? I mean it 's not you job to be as confuse as Nigel be . it 's my job to do what I be ask to do by the creative element of this band . and that 's what I do . c'mon ... the audience be laugh . so it become a comedy number . yes it do ! yes it fuck well do , and it be not pleasant to be part of the comedy on stage . backstage , perhaps , it be very amusing . maybe we just fix the choreography . keep the dwarf clear . what do you mean ? so they will not trod upon it . I do not think that 's the issue . I think it 's symptomatic that maybe you be take on more than you can ...uh...uh...uh... handle . it 's not exactly the first time you have mess thing up be it ? I mean there 's be some , uh , gape hole in the business end . if this ... if this , uh ... " not the first time " ... just a minute . Excuse I . this be a band meeting . right ? be you here for some reason ? do not worry about it . do not worry about it . she 's , she 's with I . no , but be she now in the band . be she sing backup or something ? I care what happen to the band . David : Tan : David : Tan : jeanine : Tan : jeanine : Tan : David : Tan : jeanine : David : Tan : David : jeanine : Tan : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : Tan : David : Tan : David : jeanine : Tan : she 's with I alright ? David , whenever a single bump or a ruffle come into this little fantasy , adolescent fantasy world that you guy , you guy have build around yourselves ... hey do not knock at I . do not knock at I . ..+ you start scream like a bunch of pansy hairdresser . I mean it 's just a problem you know . it get 's solve ... it do not . ... you can not ... you can not live in a bubble . if it get solve , that would be alright , but it do not get solve . I mean what do you think happend out there ? what get solve tonight ? for one thing that go wrong ... one ... one single thing that go wrong , a hundred thing go right . do you know what I spend my time do ? I sleep two or three hour a night . there 's no sex and drug for Ian , David . do you know what I do ? I find lose luggage . I locate mandolin string in the middle of Austin ! yes . we have see you . we have see you do that . you know ? I prise the rent out of the local Hebrew . that 's what I do . well maybe you should get someone else to find the lose luggage , and you should concentrate on what 's go on on stage ! yes , yes . that 's what we be talk about . you mean you want I to be the road manager ? all bad ... no , all bad ba ...uh , could we ... what Dave be try to say , if you would let he get a word through , be ... you could maybe ... do with some help . some help ? ... manage the band . it 's very simple , it 's very simple . it 's that clear . maybe there 's someone already in the organization . we do not have to pay insurance . we do not have to pay extra room , etc . since she 's already here , she 's already among we , and uh , she can ... she be certainly capable of take over ... she ? she ? wait a minute ! wait a minute ! well who do you think I be talk about ? who do you think I be talk about ? I would ... I would have never dream in a million year that it be she you be talk about ! why not ? I be offer to help out here . no , you be not offer to help out . you be offer to co- manage the band with I . be that it ? David & jeanine : yes ! David : jeanine : Tan : David : Tan : jeanine : David : jeanine : Tan : in so many word , that be exactly it . exactly ! I be certainly not go to co- manage with some ... some ... some girl just because she 's you girlfriend ... do not call she my girlfriend ! alright , she 's not you girlfriend . I do not know ... oh girlfriend be it ? you could not manage a classroom full of kid ! I do not know what you be do manage a band ! why do not we just ... oh shut up !!! look , look ... i... i... this be ... this be my position okay ? I be not manage it with you or any other woman , especially jeanine Tan : derek : David : derek : David : < airpor jeanine David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : jeanine : David : jeanine < interv . marty : Nigel : < rainbo David : Nigel : derek : Nigel : derek : Nigel : David : Nigel : derek : Nigel : David : Nigel : one that dress like a Australian 's nightmare . so fuck you !!! : fuck you too !!! and fuck all of you ... because I quit ! alright ? that 's it ! good night !!! can I raise a practical question at this point ? yeah . we gonna do stonehenge tomorrow ? no we be not gonna fuck do stonehenge !!! t > : ok , we be all set , thank you , alright right fellow , we have get the ticket . we be on the 3:10 flight , gate 24 , alright . and it arrive at 4:00 in Colorado , and then we have get a limo to take we to the lodge . that 's about a hundred yard from rainbow trout Studio . uh , what I have do be to arrange a whole load of chart . wait till you see this , wait till you see this , this be so great the band 's sign be Virgo , and we see it 's saturn in the third house , allright , and it be a bit rocky . but , because Virgo be one of the most highly intelligent sign of the Zodiac , we be gonna pull through this , with great bond . yeah . it be so clear , it really be , it 's so clear ... Nigel have not get one , Nigel , Nigel , we have get some page for you here ... he 's get one , he 's get one ... you know , think about what jumble a tour usually be ... if you have a look at this .... no , he 's get one , he 's get one : now , what I want to explain to you here be that Denver .... iew in storeroom ii > how would you characterize you relationship with David over the year . have it change in any way ? not really , I mean , you know , they go , we have grow up but really it 's not , no , not really ... we we feel like child much of the time , even when we be play . we be closer than brother . Brothers always fight , sort of disagreement , and all that . we really have a relationship that 's way , way past that . with trout Studio > ahhhhhhh ... he can not play the fuck guitar anymore . you know the part , you do it this morning . no , he do not know the fuck ... if he know the fuck part he would play it , would not he ?... be you walk out ? be you walk out ? fuck ! great , just tell I what I be suppose to do , alright ? we be suppose do play the fuck thing , be not we . we have no choice , we have spend a hour and a half . I be do my part ... make this a lot simpler , I mean I hate to cut right through it here , why do not you play this alone , without some fuck angel hang over you head , you know what I mean ? Jesus Christ , this be fuck all we need ! you can not fuck concentrate , because of you fuck wife , simple as that , alright , it 's you fuck wife ! she 's not my wife ! whatever fuck she be , alright , you can not concentrate , we can not fuck do the track . David : this be unbelievable ! this be unbelievable ! Nigel : no , it 's not unbelievable at all ... it all lead up to this ... it all lead up to this David : this be unbelieveable . will you check I on this , be I lose my fuck mind ? could you check I on this , be I lose my mind ? i- I - i- I do not understand what this have to do with anything . < derek 's office > derek : we be very lucky in the sense that we have get two visionary in the band . marty : right . derek : David and Nigel be both like , uh , like poet you know like shelley or Byron , or people like that . the two totally distinct type of visionary , it 's like fire and ice , basically , you see and I feel my role in the band , be to be kind of in the middle of that , kind of like lukewarm water , in a sense . < limo > jeanine : listen , I do not think you have get time to go to the hotel , I think we better go straight to the base . Nigel : to the what ? viv : base ? David : the gig . derek : to the Civic Arena , right ? David : no , it fall through . jeanine : no. Nigel : wait a sec , wait a sec , hold it , hold it ! do you know about this , and we do not know about this ? what be you talk about ? jeanine : we be go to the Air Force base . Nigel : why be we go to a Air Force base ? jeanine : Cause the original gig fall through .... < lindberg Air Force base , Seattle , Washington > jeanine : Lieutenant hookstrat .... lt hookstratten : ahh ...Hookstratten.. and you be spinal tarp ? jeanine : I be jeanine pettibone , and this be spinal tap . lt hookstratten : spinal tap , my mistake , I be Lieutenant Bob hookstratten . welcome to the lindberg Air Force base . this be you gentleman 's first visit to a military facility ? derek : yeah ... lt hookstratten : Fine , may I start by say how thrilled we be to have you here , we be such fan of you music , and all of you record . derek : that 's great lt hookstratten : I be not speak of yours personnaly , but the whole genre of the rock and roll David : I can understand that . derek : it 's a great genre . lt hookstratten : ...of the exite thing that be happen in the music today . let I explain a bit of what 's go on . this be we monthly '' at - ease weekend " , give we the chance to kind of let down we hair , although I see you all have a head start . this haircut would not pass military muster , believe I . although I should not talk I , my hair 's get a little shaggy too , better not get too close to you , they will think I be part of the band , I be joke , of course . shall we go in and I will show you around . walk this way , please , right through here . do you ever run into a musical group work out of Kansas City call themselves " four jack and a Jill " ? they have be at a ramada Inn there for about 18 month . if you be ever in Kansas City and want to hear some good music , you might want to drop by . I would like to get the play on about 1900 hour , if that be satisfactory ? derek : when will that be ? lt hookstratten : I make it now it be about 1830 hour . derek : so that 's what ? about 50 hour ? David : 120 hour ? lt hookstratten : that 's actually about 30 minute , about a half hour , give or take just a few minute . I do not want to rush you . the idea be that we get it on and we get it over with and I have just one request , would you play a couple of slow number so I can dance . --- spinal tap perform sex farm --- jeanine : he totally ruin the gig , there . he walk off and then you know , he can not be expect to sit home and get money , we have get to get someone else in there . < Hotel lobby > marty : have he ever do this before ? have he ever . David : well , no . marty ; ... quit the band before ? David : no , but it 's .... you have get to understand that like in the world of rock and roll there and you have just get be certain change that sometimes occur , to , sort of , roll with they , you know . I mean you read ... you read ... you see exactly how many people who 's be in the band over the year , 37 people 's be in this band over the year . I mean it 's like , you know , six month from now , I can not see myself miss Nigel more than I might miss Ross mclochness , or ronnie pudd , or Danny upham , or Little Danny schindler , or any of that , you know , it 's ... marty : I can not ... I can not believe it . I can not believe it , you know , that , you be lumping Nigel in with uh you know this people you have play with for a short period of time ... David : well , I be sure I would feel much worse if I be not under such heavy sedation , but still in all , I mean you have get to be realistic about this sort of thing , you know .... marty : so , what happen to David : what do you mean ? the band now ? marty : he 's not come back , or ...? David : no , we , we sha not work together again . < themeland amusement Park , stockton , California > jeanine : oh , no ! I tell they once , I tell they a hundred time : put " spinal tap " first and " puppet show " last . derek : it 's a morale builder , be not it ? jeanine : we have get a big dress room , though . David : what ? jeanine : get a big dress room here ... David : oh , we have get a bigger dress room than the puppet ? oh , that 's refresh . viv : I have get some of this mendocino rocket fuel , that 's suppose to be really ...... David : can you play ... excuse I , viv , can you play a bassline , uh , like Nigel use to do on " Big bottom " , can you double that ? you recall the line in fifth ? viv : oh , yeah . I have get two hand here , yeah I can do it . David : so , that 's good , you can play that one . derek : " hole " be out , " heavy " be out .... David : " heavy - hole " derek : right , right , right , right .... " America " be out ..... David : " America " we can not do , that 's Nigel 's tune , not my tune . derek : we know , we know , we know , we know ... that 's a nice little set , be not it , that 's a cozy ten minute . David : what be we go to do , we have get nothing to play here ... derek : I will tell you what we be gonna have to do ... David : what ? derek : Jazz odyssey ! David : we be not go about to do a free-form jazz , uh , exploration in front of a festival crowd ! --- spinal tap Mark ii perform Jazz odyssey --- ( in front of a festival " crowd " ) David : you be witnesess at the new birth of spinal tap Mark ii , hope you enjoy we new direction ... +..on the bass : derek small , he write this ..... < end of Tour Party , Los Angeles > reporter : so tonight 's the last show of the tour . how 's that feel ? you know , be like this you last waltz , be we talkin' the end of spinal tap , or be you gonna try to milk it for a few more year in Europe , I mean .... David : well , I do not , I do not really think that the end can be assess ... uh as of itself as be the end because what do the end feel like , it 's like say when you try to extrapolate the end of the universe you say the ... if the universe be indeed infinite then how what do that mean ? how far be be t... be all the way and then if it stop what 's stoppin 's it and what 's behind what 's stoppin ' it , so what 's the end , you know , be my ... question to you .... guy : " sa good crowd . good crowd . jeanine : it be , be not it ? guy : yeah , it really be . I mean , you know , some of this thing just , you know , do not mean much . jeanine : it be hard to get at the last minute , you know , you can not arrange it all overnight . derek : David , we have a fifteen - year ride , mate . ' mean , who want to be a fuck and forty - five year old rock and ' roller farting around in front of people less than half they age ?.... David : so true , so true , yeah .... derek : ... cranking out some kind of mediocre head - bang bullshit , you know , that we forget can be ? David : it would b... it 's beneath we ... who want to see that ... not I . derek : that 's right ... absolutely right . I mean , we could take that project that we think , you know , we do not have time for .... David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : David : derek : oh , there 's dozen , there 's so many dozen of project . you know , we do not have time for them because of tap and bring them back to life maybe . do you remember what we be ... do you remember the time ?... at the luton ... at the luton Palace ... yes . we be talk about a rock musical base on the life of Jack the ripper ... yeah , ' saucy Jack . ' right . ' saucy Jack . ' now 's the time to do that . " saucy Jack , you be a naughty one , saucy Jack , you be a haughty one , saucy Jack . " right ... it 's a freein ' up , idnit ? yeah . it 's all this free time it 's suddenly time be so elastic .... it 's a gift , it 's a gift of freedom . you know . I have always , I have always want to do a collection of my acoustic number with , the London philharmonic as you know . we be lucky . yeah . I mean people ... people should be envy we . you know . I envy we . yeah . I do . I too . < dress room , last gig of the tour > derek : viv : David : derek : jeanine : derek : David : Nigel : Mick : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : derek : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : we will make ‘em miss we . last stop . I be in , I be in tune ... the last tuning last tuning ... ... time to go ... shall we go ... I think it 's time to go . yeah , we be gonna do a good show , we will do a dynamite show .... come to see the show ? yeah , hi , Mick ! nidge . so d' you just come here to hang around back stage like a real rock and roller ? be that what you be do ? I be really a messenger ... a messenger ... yeah , I bump into Ian , and .... Ian ... Ian ?...oh , the other dead man , yeah . seem that " sex farm " be on the chart in Japan ... spinal tap 's recording of " sex farm " it 's number five , last week , actually . so , he , he , he , um he ask I , to ask you , tap , if you would be interested reforming and , uh , do a tour of Japan . so you have come back to replug we life - support system in ? be that it ? by the grace of you , of you , uh by the stroke of you hand ... you ... be that what you be gonna do ?... you be go to bring we back to life ? be that what you have come here for ? no I have come ... I mean it 's ... I do not ... you have a fuck ... nerve that you display in com - no that 's it 's I be just pass on information , really ... jeanine : yeah , I think it 's time to go in , we do not have time to discuss this now ... Nigel : David ; do a good show , alright David : yeah , ok . --- spinal tap perform tonight I be go to rock you tonight --- David : Nigel tufnel , lead guitar ! < spinal tap tour Japan > < close credit > marty : do you feel that play rock ' n'roll ... music keep you a child ? that be , keep you in a state of arrest development ? derek : no...no ...no , I feel , it 's like , it 's more like go , go to a national park , or something , and there 's , you know , they preserve the moose ... and that 's , that 's my childhood up there on stage be that moose , you know , and ... and ... marty : so , when you be play you feel like a preserve moose on stage ? derek : yeah . David : I have be listen to the classic , I belong to a... great series . it 's call the ' namesake Series ' of casettes ... marty : ah.. David : and they send you the work of famous author , do by actor with the same last name ... so I have get denham elliot read t.s. elliot on this one ... marty : yeah ... well , thats interesting ... David : I have go ... yes , I have get Danny Thomas do " a child 's Christmas in Wale " by Dylan Thomas , and ... next month it 's mclean stephenson read Robert Louis stevenson ah " treasure Island " problably . marty : that 's interesting ... it 's fascinating . David : yeah .. and there 's also something ... there 's uh short work of Washington Irving , read by someone call " Dr. J . " marty : oh , that 's julius Irving ... julius Irving ... David : oh ! marty : the basketball player . David : there you go , keep with the series , yes . I do not know that , yeah . Nigel : you like this ? marty : it 's very nice ... it look like Halloween ... Nigel : this be exact ... my exact inner structure , do in a T-shirt exactly , medically accurate , see . marty : so , in other word , if we be to take all you flesh and blood and every .... Nigel : ..take they off ... marty : ...and you would see..exact ... Nigel : this be what you would see marty : it would not be green , though ? Nigel : it *is * green ! you know , see , see how you blood look blue ? marty : yeah , well , that 's just the vein , I mean the color of the vein , the blood be actually red .. Nigel : oh , mabye it 's not green ... anyway , this be what I sleep in sometimes . marty : yeah ! marty : Tan : marty : Tan : marty : David : marty : David : marty : David : marty : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : David : Nigel : derek : marty : derek : marty : derek : marty : David : marty : Mick : marty : David : marty : David : marty : David : marty : David : Dennis eaton-hogg , the president of polymer record ... yes . .. be recently knight , what be the circumstance surround he knighthood ? the specific reason why he be knight be uh for the founding of hoggwood , which be um , a summer - camp for pale , young boy . David St. hubbin ... I not .. I must admit I have never hear anybody with that name it 's a unusual name , well , he be a unusual saint , he 's not a very well know saint . oh , there actually be , uh ... there be a Saint hubbin ? that 's right , yes . what be he the saint of ? he be the patron saint of quality footwear . you play to predominantly , uh predominantly a white audience , you feel you music be racist in any way ? no ! no , no , of course not . we pro ... we say , we say '' love you brother " , we do not say it , really , but .. we do not literally say it . no , we do not say it ... at all . no , we do not literally mean it , but we be not racist . no , we do not believe it either , but ... that message shuould be clear anyway . we be anything but racist . you know , we have grow musically ... I mean , listen to some of the rubbish we do early on , it be stupid ... yeah . ... you know . now , I mean a song like " sex farm " , we have take the sophisticated view of the idea of sex , you know , and music - .. and put it on a farm ? yeah . if I be to ask you what you philosophy of life , or you creed ... what would that be ? '' have ... a good ... time ... all the time . " that 's my philosophy , marty ! I believe virtually everything I read , and I think that be what make I more of a selective human , than someone who do not believe anything . do you have a philosohpy , or creed that you live by ? well ... like , personally , I like to think about sex and drug and rock and 'roll , you know , that 's my life ... yeah . yeah ... if you be to have something write as you epitaph ... '' here lie David St. hubbin ... and why not ? " you feel that sum up you ... you life ? no , 's the first thing I could think of . oh , I see ... it do not sum up anything , really . marty : yeah . Nigel : I 'ma real fish nut . I really like fish ... marty : what kind of fish ? Nigel : well , in the United States , you have cod ... I like cod . and I love tuna ... that little can you have get here ... tuna fish marty : yeah . Nigel : ...no bone ! marty : yeah . marty : if you could not play rock and roll , what would you do ? David : be a full time dreamer ! viv : I would probably get a bit stupid and start to make a fool of myself in public , ' cause there would not be a stage to go on . derek : probably work with child . Mick : as long as there be , you know , sex and drug , I can do without the rock and 'roll . Nigel : well , I suppose I could , uh , work in a shop of some kind or ... or do uh ... marty : a salesman , Nigel : a salesman , @ chapeau shop , size do you wear , freelance ... product , you know ... you think you : mabye in a haberdasher , or maybye like a ... uh or something ... you know , like : " would you ... what sell of some sort of ...uh ... sir ? " and then you answer I . marty : uh... seven and a quarter . Nigel : " I think we have that ... " , you see , something like that I could do . marty : yeah ... you think you be happy do something like - Nigel : " no ! we be all out , do you wear black ? " , see , that sort of thing , I think I could probably muster up . marty : yeah , do you think you would be happy do that ? Nigel : well , I do not know , wh- wh - what be the hour ? the end March 1. 1995 sveini@himolde.no cast ( in order of appearance ) marty dibergi heavy Metal fan Mick shrimpton viv Savage Ian faith David St. hubbin Nigel tufnel derek small Tommy pishedda ethereal fan New York m.c. John " stumpy " pepy Rob reiner kimberly stringer chazz dominguez shari Hall r.j. parnell David kaff tony hendra Michael mckean Christopher Guest Harry shearer bruno kirby Jean cromie Patrick maher Ed begley Jr. ronnie pudd bobbi fleckman Sir Dennis eaton-hogg bartender mime waitress mime waiter angelo dimentibello angelo 's associate Rolling Stone reporter morty the mime limo groupie Rack jobber Southern rock promoter tucker " smitty " Brown reba Terry ladd Duke Fame Fame groupy Student promoter Eric '' stumpy Joe " child " jamboree bop " dancer jeanine pettibone cindy belinda Airport Security Officer artie fufkin room service guy disc and dat manager janitor polly deutsch Little druid Lt. hookstratten Joe " mama " besser L.A. Party Guest moke Danny kortchmar Fran drescher Patrick macnee memo Vera Julie Payne dana carvey Sandy helberg Robin mendken Zane buzby billy Crystal Jennifer child j.j. Barry George mcdaniel Paul benedict Anne churchill Howard hessman Paul shortino cherie darr lara cody Andrew J. lederer Russ kunkel diana Duncan gina Marie pitrello June chadwick Vicki Blue Joyce hyser gloria gifford Paul shaffer archie hahn Charles levin wonderful Smith anjelica Huston Chris romano Daniel rodger Fred willard Fred asparagus rodney kemerer Robert bauer