not grey picture 6525 W. sunset Blvd. , Los Angeles , CA 90028 323.469.0635 12.9.11 ste. g4 over black : we see the word appear on screen : '' , .. and the sky shall open up , and the light of the lord shall shine down , and that of good heart shall be bring into my kingdom of heaven . and that of evil deed shall lay waste on the earth , where Satan shall torment the soul of that leave behind for all eternit : - the Book of revelation . open credit : baruchel , jonah hill , jame franco , craig robinson on different talk storey and talk about they fai : humble and self - - deprecatit footage of the guy go : airport , and leavi no . the al - fairfax ave - day e@ parking lot of canter 's . he get out he restaurant . canter 's and walk up to the pick - up counter . seth pick up a order for '' Seth '' . pastrami with mustard on rye . eth pay and be about to drop a dollar in the tip jar , but notice the cashier be not look . he wait for the cashier to look up , and then drop he tip in the jar . cashier thanks , man . seth ( pleased ) no problem , man . have a great one ! Seth head for the door , when something catch he eye : jay baruchel eat with he manager willie mercer . seth ( cont 'd ) jay ?! jay turn to see Seth , and have a slight '' bust '' 1 he face . he cover fast and put ona smile . .j jay Seth ! hey man ! what 's go on ? jay extend he arm for a hand shake . seth put that thing away ! lie mercer we n! how 's '' it go ? I finally see lornet . it be ... pretty good . so go to make another comedy ? hopefully soon . dude , what be you in do in LA ? - jay I be just here for a audition . " scrabble : the Movie '' seth awesome . when have you get in ? jay ( cover ) just get in . I mean , I do not literally just get in . ( more ) jay ( cont 'd ) I get in last night , or technically late the night before , but then I just sleep the next day , and prepped for my audition . Seth look kind of hurt . seth you be in town and you do not call I ? jay oh no , dude ! I be totally gonna call . you ! that 's , like , one of the thing be gonna do while I be here . but I leave till Friday , so , you know , 7 can hang out later something ... seth well , what be you city be too hot . and it 's ' thing compliment intense heat he eye . jay do not notice . jay ( cont 'd ) so ... what do you want to do ? seth same as always : smoke weed , play video game . only now , my video game be 3d , and my weed be medicinally strong . you have be in Canada for this whole prescription weed revolution ! I can walk into a store and legally buy a joint and a weed scone . ( more ) seth ( cont 'd ) and think about this : it 's design for people who be sick , so imagine how fuck up it get healthy people . the answer : fuuuuuucked . int . seth 's house - soon after Seth 's house be nice but not crazy . jay and Seth be laugh while play call of duty . jay riddle set! character with bullet . jay stand up and raise hi in triumph . jay start sing to the tune of in , dion 's '' it 's all come back to I '' as he perf : sexually graphic and immature victory dance . all come back , it 's I nowlll ! America , and unprecedented amage across the south pacific 9.7 earthquake in malayasia hundred of thousand be and medicine be scarce - jay seth good idea man. ( call off - screen ) Jared ! a assistant pop he head in from the other room . jare yes ? seth can you do I a favor and get we a large pepperoni pizza ? jare yeah , no problem . Jared duck back out of the room . jay who the fuck be that ? seth Jared . my assistant . jay he be do in there fé hour ? seth I do not fuck know some pizza . we some coke ? a wp Jared !!! 4 int . seth be hou ~- later t and eat pizza in the kitchen . jay '' oue , of Coke and top off he cup . Seth '' seth go for it , man . you be practically drool . jay I have have my fair share . seth come on . I be slightly over - weight , and you look like you just check in to Hotel rwanda . take it . jay thanks dude . jay 's blackberry bing . seth you wanna get that ? jay no , it 's cool . we be hang out . we see Seth really appreciate this gesture . seth cool man . thanks . you get anything else , you be do tonight ? wanna keep hang out ? jay totally ! I x11 roll another doobie actually , cera ' probably will not be there . retty into coke and he 's kinda hang out with now . jay ill be a whole thing . I be not really plan on have like , a big might like that . seth do not be anti-social . you 'il have fun ! come on ! jay I have be travel a lot lately , I be pretty tired . maybe I will just go back to the four season , get some room service and go to sleep . jay motion to the tv , still display news coverage of the tsunami . jay ( cont 'd ) and honestly , do not you think it 's a little insensitive to go out and party right now ? seth you be right . we should probably fly to Malaysia with a bucket and start bail people out . come on ! we 'il party in they honor ! we will '' drow '' we sorrow ! get it ? , jay off talk to a bunch of people @ know . seth do not worry . nobody put . corner. ( call out ) Jared ! ext . franco' house -. '' house be ridiculous . what a waste of money . you could build ten normal house with the money it cost to build this . seth you think the outside be pretentious , wait until you see the inside . hey ring the doorbell . franco answer , a drink in hand and a smile on he face . franco hell yeah !!! look who 's here ! Seth ! ( to jay ) hey ... ( more ) a franco ( cont 'd ) ( clearly do not remember jay 's name ) ..- buddy ! jay it 's jay . franco yeah ! of course , jay . I know who you be . you be jay ! what 's go on ? enter my humble abode ! int . franco 's house - continuous they enter the awesome party . ton of famou mingle and drink throughout franco 's luxurious : jay happy birthday , man . 5 it 's a Frank gehry / phillipe , Stark design . that bastard doublénteamed this bitch . Philipe take the’ mouth , gehry have she ass , and splooge !!! my house be bear . Seth notice s6me 01d modern chair . seth that be original han wegner en do you get that ? franco last week . it be a early birthday gift from myself , to myself . eame essentially make the same design , but when you get a chance to own a original wegner , you do not pass it up . seth oh , totally . jay roll he eye at Seth 's comment . jay yeah ... they look super comfy . franco they be not mean to be '' comfy '' . if you sit on the mona Lisa 's face it would not be '' comfy '' either . you know why ? ' Cause it 's art . seth ( laugh ) cool , man . be the drink in the kitchen ? franco I gotcha cover . ( call out ) Karen ! franco 's assistant , a hipster - looking girl pop she head in the room . karen yes , James ? franco will you get Seth a drink ? int . franco' hous no idea who I be . seth at 's no true . he know exactly who you he jlist do not know you name . ( see something ) 0h shit . look who fuck show up . michael cera do a line of coke . he pinch ass and she slap he in the face , hard . rihanna get you hand off my bumpa , bitch ! int . franco 's house - kitchen - continuous Seth and jay enter the kitchen and see jonah regaling a group of people . om 10 . jonah Seth ! what ' 's up man !?! ( quietly ) jay. ( to Seth ) dude ! what 's happen ?! seth just look to get my drunk on . jonah laugh and position he body in such a way jay be shut out of the conversation . jonah I gotta take it easy . I be still hi from that Prince concert last wee jay Prince be awesome . I sai month ago and man , i - do not apologize , jay . I be cool . ack to Seth ) atural manner , manage to continuously biock for the’ conversation . . jonah ( cont ’d ) he 's basically the sexiest person on barth , ear fuck you ' till the cow come home . and I will be honest , I have never fuck to Prince , but from now on , I '' only go to fuck to Prince . furthermore , I would fuck Prince himself . his ass be ridiculous . in that purple velvet pants ? who could say no ? jay yo , Seth . I be gonna go have a smoke out back . you want to come ? 11 . seth Nah . I be cool . ( to jonah ) do he sing that song from batman when the joker 's trash the museum ? jonah '' Party man '' ? Hell yeah ! he even play '' batdance . '' I almost come in my own ass . jay alright , so ... I be just gonna be in thi backyard ... alone . seth alright . have a good smoke . jay sigh , then walk off . jonah watch : jonah man , that guy be su why do you brifig h r's today , we hang y réally fun . talk to he after what one magical afternoon at canter 's sn not erase the past . seth ( cont 'd ) jonah see he at ( clearly not pay , I be just like , attention ) fre here ? why do not yeah ... yeah ... oh totally . ou call I ? '' and he be totally . ike , '' I be totally go '' call you '' but I mean ... jonah finish read the email . jonah what be you say ? 12 . seth that jay - jonah listen man , he 's a fuck bummer to be around . I feel like I be hang out with '' eeyore . '' and I guarantee that the first thing he say when you see he next be that I be a asshole , when he 's the one that keep interrupt I ! fuck he . seth he 's a acquire taste . jonah that 's what people say about thing : taste like shit . seth jonah like hell you should I ext . franco 's house - BA ARD — continuous jay would not happen to have a would you ? craig hand he a cigarette . craig ( cont 'd ) hey ! you be the guy from tropic Thunder ? you use to be friend with Seth , right ? jay uhh , well we still be friend . that 's actually who I come with . I be jay. 13 . craig I be Craig . Nice to finally meet you . you and Seth live together for a while , right ? jay yeah . we start out in LA around the same time , but I move back to montreal a few year ago . people say it 's too cold , but I actually appreciate seasonal chang craig ( interrupt ) you say it . seasonal change be whe : it 's at . you know my girl mila ? jay thanks . Nice to meet you , ge nass but kind of ©r scrabble : the Movie . at nos shitty , but clue be a pretty good " ie , and so be battleship , so they have p : ame basé movie . I have be a ig bee champion who get recruit ia to be a code breaker . mila kunis lie and say that sound like a : craig I be gonna lie . jay , that sound like a excellent idea . not . franco 's house .- continuous Seth , jonah , and franco party . jonah jay get the scrabble audition ?! I have be call my agent for week try to get in on that . ( more ) 14 , jonah ( cont 'd ) well , at least I know he 's a terrible actor and he will never get the part . franco say the fifth banana from Evan almighty . jonah I be the third banana ! whatever . you can not even start you be so deep in the shit . fly boy , annapolis . should I go on ? seth . I always forget , which one be you , Tristan or isolde ? franco Tristan . and at least I be no I do not ! Chris mintz - plasse wa . be just take a piss and ride pass out in you ip on my twenty - thousand dollar i ] g. it 's ruin ! I want the . to look Persian , not smell Persian . '' the guy '' have no self control . someone should seriously say something to he . jonah whatever . Danny 's hilarious . if every once in a while , it cost you twenty grand to have he around , I think it 's worth it . of day walk into the room . jay hey guy , be there a place nearby I can buy smoke ? I do not know this area . 15 . jonah Jesus , jay ! you live here for three year and you still do not know you way around . I half think you purposely do not learn it as some passive aggressive anti- american campaign . like we country be not worth memorize . jay I be not anti-american ! I be just proud to be canadian . universal health care ! better quality of life per capita tha sustainable natural resource , not mention that we have participate be single UN peacekeeping mission ! jonah a sorry , I could not hear yo ' busy live in the countr entire universe . everyone laugh at jay 's éipen 7 ' spell it out for you , jay . s—-u-c -k '' gy triple word score !!! ge at '' jay again . jay really funny , jonah ! Super mature of you ! ( to Seth ) Seth . I be go to buy smoke . you wanna come with , I ? fonah pull out a big joint . Seth look to jay . seth ( to jay ) just wait two minute . jay ugh . Fine . I be gonna go take a piss . 16 . jonah light the huge joint . and jay walk off . int . franco' house - bathroom - continuous jay open the bathroom door to find Michael cera with one girl blow he and another eat he ass . jay ..ouh ... i...uh , .. I be sorry ... oh jesus ... sorry ! michael cera I do not care if you be sorry . just or get out ! jay frantically close the door . ext . melrose STREET —- dusk - soon jay and a very stone Seth , walk ; down m tr se . the street be lively , people everywhére . Seth not 's jay be moody . that dickhead from the Office girl from Black swan ? they shat 11 over my scrabble audition . seth they do what ?! do not tell I they imply that scrabble would not make a exciting political thriller . wait , do you tell they about the subplot where the guy who want to spell '' tomato '' , but he do not have a '' m '' 's , or a second '' t " ? jay hahaha . very funny . 17 . seth I do not ditch you . you make the choice to go outside and smoke . be I suppose to just follow you everywhere you go ? jay I go outside because jonah be be a prick . seth that 's just he way of get to know you . he 's testing you boundary . like , dog sniff another dog 's asshole . int . corner store - soon after jay and Seth walk into a corner stdte several people walk around the 's include a priest . Seth stare at ces . I wish i ] like , five minute . : a payday ? what the fuck cell phone guy .. the guy behind the counter say they sell out of mint chocolate chip . ( beat ) I do not mind . I ’1l1 go to as many store as you want . whatever 's 1l make you happy . Seth 's eye wander to a father and daughter as they approach the cashier . father Excuse I sir , could my daughter use you bathroom ? she really have to go . 18 . cashier read the sign . customer only . father ( motion to he daughter ) seriously ? cashier why the fuck you think I put up the sign ? Seth 's eye drift to two fifteen year old in the aisle . young kid 1 shit ! I forget my wallet . young kid 2 , no worry man . I x11 sp the package on the ground . he oe 's ‘aroun no one see , then kick thi iquorice under thé aisle . Seth follow jay and they get ( P. k. whatever man . jay what ? seth nothing . it 's cool . maybe if I be lucky I 'il run into you in a few year or something . jay aw , do not be like that - — 19 . boom ! suddenly , everything start intensely shaking and day and Seth be both knock to the floor . a snapple bottle fall off a shelf and break on Seth 's head . seth ah !!! suddenly , six more snapple bottle roll off the shelf a shatter on Seth 's head . he clutch he head in pain .. jda watch in awe as six hole explode in the ceiling above the priest , the cell phone guy , the father and daughter : and the two kide . suddenly , bright blue light blas a through the hole , envelop they . '' oh . my. god. all of the people capture ) '' upwards , disappear ceiling as jay and be about to look up eth , be you seeing this ?!? seth ( stumbling around ) see what ? my head ! the people be go and the blue light disappear . Seth seth ( cont 'd ) what the fuck happen ? the earthquake intensifies and a chunk of the roof cave in and crush the cashier . jay and Seth look to each other , horrify , and scramble out of the store . 20 . ext . melrose STREET - dusk the earth still violently shaking , jay and Seth stagger onto the street . jay what do we do ?! Seth see a car speed towards they with a hole in roof of the car and no driver behind the wheel . seth look out ! they dive away as the car drive past they . into the corner store . they look up and see jay run !!! Seth and jay take off run , as they smash into thing seth sk’ to franco 's ! back to franco 's ! seth ing back to franco be ! x and approach franco 's house . seth ( cont 'd ) we be almost there ! he earth stop shaking . jay it stop ! we do not have to go in there ! seth yes we do ! there could be after shock ! the loud thumping of music be hear as they push open the front door . 21 . int . franco 's house - continuous they enter the house , panicked , and look around to see the party be completely unchange . everyone be still drink and dance . Seth run up to franco and Craig . seth do you feel the earthquake ?! franco barely ! this house be build on roller , baby . Frank gehry shit on the face of , all earthquake . " jay Seth ! that be not a earthquake . ~ be something way crazier . craig what 's crazier than a for there be , like light and ceiling : people were 1 ading and Ip into the oo io , like , hundred , thousand ! mat th ceiling . there be no hole in it . '' yay ( cont 'd ) do anyone get suck up here ? > michael cera I get suck off here . jay ( exasperate ) I should have know you guy would not believe I . ask Seth ! he be there ! everyone look at jay like he 's crazy . 22 . seth ask I what ? I do not see shit . jay what ?! you see it ! seth there be shit fall all over the place and I get hit in the head with twenty five snapple bottle . then I look up and everyone be go . how the fuck should I know where they go ? jay seriously ! you gotta trust I ! jonah I trust you , jay . I trus ass of yourself almost co . tonight be no exception . everyone laugh at jay . people start g : party again . jay go éver to , Seth . 1d believe you ... but it 's en there 's a giant purple behind you ! hard jay turn | here 's obviously nothing behind he . seth ( cont 'd ) t 's go ! it be there a second a be ! even though it sound : oo ae : insane , just believe I ! tt Seth . ~ seth ( cont 'd ) and that , my friend , be how you use comedy to make a point . jay . you know what ? I be out of here . as jay turn to leave , when - boom ! another tremor hit and jonah accidentally spill he drink on jay 's shirt . jay ( cont 'd ) fuck you , jonah ! 23. jonah that be a accident , you dick ! franco 's house waver slightly , but be fine . franco F to the gehry , fuckin’ earthquake all night long ! haha - booococoom !!! a intense tremor hit and several painting fall over , as well as a few people . franco ( cont ’d ) okay ! let 's get the fuck out ! every out of my house ! : ext . franco 's house - continuous franco , Seth , jay , jonah , Craig , mi light flicker on and off , it ie look at the destructz€ Craig point towards the , Hollywood hill , which be cover in flame . the tremor stop . everyone be freak out . there be lence fora second . michael cera know how to throw a good time . the street on the sidewalk , the ' wcumble and fall into what have become dd light emanating from it . cera michael cera ( cont 'd ) alright ! let 's get back inside , crack open some more beer , do a few fat rail , stare at rihanna 's ass and - suddenly , a noise that sound like a thousand horn all be blow at once resonate from the sky . it freak everyone out . michael cera ( cont ’d ) now that be weird . 24 . phe hole in the ground start rapidly expand . Michael cera feel a crack form under he foot . michael cera ( cont ’d ) what the fuck ? the hole across the street suddenly double in size , knock over a huge tree , which fall downward , a branch spear into cera 's body , spraying blood everywhere . the tree then fall into the sinkhole , yanking cera 's bloody body along with it . everyone. scream !!! then , the hole grow even bigger and half the they scream fade as the plummet into the endless abyss . the group scramble to ge - jonah , run for dear crowd . he plows into a mila kunis , jason seg : edge of the hole . edge , as mila pli lang onto the ledge ; krumholtz hang onto a smaller , crumble ledge below jay . beside they , Jason segel lose hold of the edge and fall into the hole . david krumholtz help I , jay ! I be lose my grip ! krumholtz reach out to jay , who feebly attempt to grab he hand . 25 . jay reach for it , Dave ... reach for it ! krumholtz firmly grab jay 's hand . david krumholtz hold on to I ! jay just gimme you hand ! I will not let go ! krumholtz let go of the ledge . the second he we : transfer to jay 's hand , jay lose he grip krumholtz fall into the cavernous abyss . jay ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! sorry ! jaaaaaaay ! ! ) jay pull himself out of the hol foot . he 's the only remai option , he bolt towa : they as the hole outside finally stop expa 's ey be the only one in the house . ae era 's dead ! and the guy from I met you mother . '' they be all seth Holy shit . dude . that be the big one . the huge earthquake they always say would hit LA . it happen ! jay this be more than just a earthquake ! something be happen here ! jonah shut up , jay ! now 's not the time for conspiracy theory bullshit ! this be serious ! 26 . craig josh hartnett get crush dead ! franco ( 0.8 . ) nooo !!! we see there be a huge crack in he wail . franco ( cont 'd ) shit ! shit ! this be not suppose to happen ! fuck you Frank gehry ! all the guy frantically try to use they cell . no avail . . craig you get a land line , man ? allthe ce. be not work . no a tv ascend from then the anxious guy urn on . franco flip channel , ges through static . would like , then £ get small blip fire ... gun shot ... rioting , all uurging people to stay in they await further instruction ... es of people rioting in downtown LA . a by the lapd . the tv go completely channel - all static . franco shit. Fucking direct tv . turn off the tv , then open he front door . iren be blaring . it 's completely mayhem outside . . franco ( cont ’d ) alright guy , thanks for come . be careful out there and get home safe ! all the guy look outside , scared . seth I do not think we should leave . 27 . jay what ? why ? let 's just get out of here . franco yeah . you probably should leave . it totally feel like the end of the night . plus , I get this crack to deal with . he point at the wall . franco ( cont 'd ) ' you guy should go . seth jonah Seth 's right . the fuckin fire . I be stay too . craig I live in santa®monica the freeway a no ! you , house , % make sure what about you shit ? do not you want to hing 's okay ? come on , not to be alone right now . seth 's a nightmare out there . it 's ust stay here . t jonah , franco and Craig . jay be it ? seth yes ! we need to stay here until shit get figure out ! until the fema or the EPA or the National Guard or whoever the fuck be in charge of shit get there shit together and start rescue some motherfucker . it 's like hurricane Katrina ! this be we Katrina ! you see that footage . ( more ) seth ( cont 'd ) the shit hit the fan , and people just sit tight in they house until they get rescue . the tv tell we to stay put , so I be listen to the tv ! craig half that Katrina people never get rescue ! " jonah yeah , well that 's because they be poor ! Louisiana people ! not rich Hollywood people ! dude , in this economy ? the government need we tax dollar t survive ! seth you know what else alwa this situation ? anarc skatoon it do not , cause feed bumpkin have all the d maple ' syrup you can eat , but in a real country , with real people hear from outside . seth we should board this place up and wait it seth ( cont ‘d ) yo Craig , help I with this . franco no. Fucking . Way . you be not board up shit . you be completely over-react ! that 's it . get out of my house . I be try to be nice , and you be take advantage of my kindness . you be all reacting poorly to a crisis situation . 28 . 29 . the guy hear the sound of a far-away helicopter . franco ( cont 'd ) see ! a helicopter ! they be already come to save we . everything 's go to be fine , you idiot ! the helicopter sound like it 's get closer , then for suddenly - boom !!! a explosion be hear . a six foot lon fragment of the helicopter's propeller crash thry the kitchen window and slam through one of franco painting , stick out of the wall . everyone frighten and in awe . craig fuck you house , franco . Craig flip over a table . Seth help , franco congratulation , you new owner of au scra ' music up : build I enlightenment chol craig ou not have a hammer ? franco st do not know where it be . I do not organize this closet . my assistant do , and she fall in the hole . the guy all look up , frighten . the guy what the fuck ?/ what happen ? 30 . oo jonah enter appear , hold up he thumb in pain . jonah splinter ! crazy splinter ! oh man , this be a nightmare ! int . franco 's house - moment later Seth and jay try to duct tape a huge wooden door to '' window . it keep fall . jay do we just need more tape ? seth let 's try the hot glue gun ! franco ( 0.s. no ! the glue will mess up int . franco 's house - later a low we just need to conserve we S as much as possible and wait . franco '' well , I hope you guy be happy . you have ruin my awesome house . I be go to sleep . ' ranco walk to he bedroom and shut the door . int . franco 's house - night we intercut shot of the frighten guy try to sleep _ in various part of the house . — jonah lie awake , we hear some gunshot follow by scream . 31 . - craig lie awake on a couch in franco 's office . another little tremor hit , cause the house to shake a little . some car alarm go off in the distance . Craig roll over , cover he head in he pillow . - jay lie on the floor in the live room . what sound like a faint roar be hear in the distance . jay shudder ./: suddenly , he hear ominous footstep approach . hi eye go wide with fear . the footstep get closer a closer , revealing ... seth yo . jay hey . Seth sit down beside jay . seth it 's scary in this beat . we be cool . but if there be ' @ason for we not to be cool , it have be that because of you , I be I house with this guy . ae seth dude 's , thére 's safety in number . and they be great guy . you all see , man . honestly , this horrible deadly earthquake might be the perfect opportunity for you to finally get to know this dude . jay that be more than a earthquake . okay ? it be like judgement day shit . seth + eelike 72 ? jay no. like the biblical judgement day . 32 . seth oh ! Jews do not have that . I no keep that shit to yourself . that would really offend jonah . he 's surprisingly jewish . jay I do not care if I offend jonah . seth well , you should . please , do I a favor , just drop the apocalypse thing , okay ? boom . a loud stomp emanate from the darkness jay shit . do you hear that ? seth of course I hear it . it 's terrifying . oh shit . we’ xvape . I know it . another one . even craig ( cont ’d ) sleep , so ... I think whe . eone . man , this be so fuck . jonah ( 0.s. ) can you guy please keep it the fuck down in here ? jonah ( cont ’d ) I be try to sleep . thanks to franco 's stupid open floor plan , there 's no door anywhere but he room and I can hear every word you be say . and you know what jay ? you be not stick here with we , we be stick here with you . ( more ) 33 . jonah ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) well shit . now that I be up , I might as well hang out here . move over . jonah lie down between Seth and jay . jonah ( cont 'd ) move over ! come on ! wiggle over . craig man , franco must be so scared , up in hii room , all alone . int . franco' house - franco 's bedroom - compat mask , ume like a a bane on he si int . franco' house - bathroom efi nex irning a '' the sun blast in seroagn sma : wind , hit a out of thé tub , hang - over as hell , and ilet . he pee for a while , lighting a he flush the toilet , but nothing anny walk into the kitchen , take a huge puff from he oint , then press a few button on wall - mount remote . music up : it be a good day by ice cube Danny bop he head to the music as he grab a cup and go to 's the faucet to fill it . the water sputter and stop , nothing come out . Danny see a bunch of water bottle on the counter . 34 . he chug back one , then another , then another . then he put he head over the sink and dump two more bottle over he head . Danny flip on a stove and start make a huge breakfast . a heaping pile of egg , bacon , toast . he drop : a few egg on the ground , so he just grab some more . Danny make a smoothie , use every bit of fresh frui he notice one of the bananas be slightly bruise . he rest and chug it directly from the’ spout . int . franco ‘s house - live room — continugu : Seth , jay , jonah and Craig be all stir ; stereo . franco come out of he bedroom franco what the hell ? the guy all go into the make enoug ! do not see yor everybody . jay ! hey ! here . back in town again ? we food ! you have eat all the food ! danny oh I think the Green goblin can this 's bacon ! jonah no , fuckface ! this food be suppose to last we until we get rescue ! danny rescued ? what 's up with you guy ? you all drop acid or something ? Cause if you do , I be so in . I do not have shit to do today . seth no ! we be not on acid ! do you seriously not know what happen last night ? 35 . danny I know that lunatic Michael cera challenge I to a old fashioned coke - off , which , admittedly , he win , and then I wake I up in the nicest fuck bathtub I have ever see . ( take a bite of food ) why ? what do I miss ? franco I 'il tell you what you miss ! you puke on my priceless rug you asshole ! Danny now look around and notice that the with : board up and the place be trash . danny Jesus . from the look of the least of you probl motherfucker go nut : jay , Danny , everything go start tremblingdis a some people ; ( pot - there suck craig a giant hole open in the llow up a bunch of people . oltz . cera . they be all dead ! danny danny ( cont 'd ) come on , guy , what the fuck ? I be not a gullible fuckin’ idiot . stop messin’ with I . why the hell do you nail all this shit to the wall ? this be a stupid prank and I be not even buy it . I appreciate the effort , and if I be not hungover as shit , I would find it hilarious , but I be , so I do not . now just end this madness , sit down with I and eat this fuck feast ! 36 . suddenly , there 's a banging at the door . all the guy , except Danny jump . we push in on the door as the bang get louder . all the guy be horrify . Danny casually eat . franco ( whisper ) stop eat ! shhh ! more banging . finally , a piece of wood come loose . < 1 guy gasp . then , a frantic and scared man wiggle head through the newly form hole . man all the guy just stare freeze . danny ( amused ) yeah ! why not ?! jonah who know if we can trust this guy ! he could be a looter . man you can trust I ! please ! I do not want to die ! everything 's go crazy out here ! franco sorry man . try the next house . man no ! let I int !! 37 . franco I do not think we be go to . jonah just fuck off , dude ! franco again , we be sorry . jay be you guy sociopath ? there 's a human be out there who need we help ! wes ; have to let he in ! he 's almost halfway in already ! man he 's right ! please !!! franco he could be the sociopa let some psycho i craeg and thanks t Dan : ow ! you each have valid point . should go through the pro and '' the guy jump back . the man 's eye roll back in he head . seth uh... be you okay ? the man 's head , which be no longer attach to he body , flop into the house and roll across the floor , stop in front of Danny , it 's dead eye stare at he . 38 . danny aaahh !!! this be real ! this be a real head !!! oh sweet god !!! Danny kick the head away ; it roll towards jonah . jonah ewww ! get it away ! get it away from I !!! jonah kick it away and it roll towards jay . jay no ! fuck you ! leave a bloody splotch . seth my pants ! franco stop kick i it 's disrespectful ! craig ( cont 'd ) jonah rip some drape off the wall the head . Seth pick up a curtain rod mess into a corner , all the guy danny uy ! seriously ! what the fuck be go on here ?!? 1 ?! seth someone should look through the hole . jonah I be not look through the hole ! the last guy that do that get he head rip off. oo ( beat ) jay . you look . 39 . jay screw you , jonah . none of the guy budge . franco wait - I know ! pranco dash upstairs . the guy run after he . int . franco 's office - upstair - moment late 's there 's a small window in franco 's office . down 2 wooden plank that be board it : outside and notice that there be now a thick '' billow out of the sinkhole . visibili : i seth there 's no one out the franco well , how do yotthi : fall off ? jonah e 's dead because of you , jay . I put all jay why would you ever say that ? jonah all I be say be he death be on you hand . that 's all I be say . jay you think it 's funny ? a human be died ! what 's wrong with you ? you sick fuck . 40 . jonah do not you fuck talk to I like - Seth get between jay and jonah . seth no ! we be not go to turn on each other ! guy , in a situation like this , we either live together ... or we die alone . jay that 's what Jack say on the first episode of lose . seth so ? do not make it not true . he ke that people together for six haunt island . craig okay , I be with you . you " ag Jack do on lose ? he have peo @ look all seth ( confuse ) what ? franco you know . the tall skinny kid with the black hair ? seth wee jay ? franco os yeah ! jay ! ( beat ) I know . it start with a '' J '' . Al . - jay gather clean supplies . - Danny stare in disbelief at the drape with the severe head underneath it . jay walk up , startling Danny . danny shit ! jay sorry . uh... - hey . you ...uh ... remember the conversation we have the last time we see each other ? danny this morning ? jay no ... the last time . danny ( remember ) oh ... yeah ! totally . | ck to that — do my , best . jay when - om , and jay quickly shut up . seth we get everything . let 's do this . jay great ! perfect ! it . franco' house ~ kitchen - continuous 4 they stand before a large array of item they have gather together on the island in the middle of the kitchen . seth alright , let 's make a list . Craig - Seth point to Craig , who hold up a pen and paper . 42 . craig ready ! seth we get ... we see insert shot of each item as Seth list they : seth ( cont 'd ) fifty -six bottle of beer , two bottle of vodka , four bottle of whisky , six bottle of wine , a bottle of tequila , . taco shell , nutella , a block of gro air cheese , however the fuck you pronounce that , one freeze pizza of potato , one can of black bean jar of pickle , a box of i crunch , a half - eat bo half dozen kumquat , a milkyway , two bottle of box of stone wheat thi lavender scent can New York sour diésel 1 echnically you stuff , it 's our Z franco no ! it 's literally my stuff ! and only because I be a god damn saint be any of you get anything ! so if that milkyway be gonna be eat by one person , it should damn well be I ! danny that be such elitist bullshit . whoever want the milkyway , take it ! we be not in fuckin’ China . 43 . jonah do not you even talk , you waste half we shit make yourself breakfast . danny that 's not my fault ! I do not know ! maybe , when half we fuck friend die , you guy should have wake I up instead of forget about I ! seth no one person get the milkyway . we 's it . we split everything . jonah no , you asshole , just listen ! I have get low blood sugar . if I do not have that ; endorphin will plummet and bear be goddamn nightmare to be jay as oppose to now ? '' a 7h jugar plummet , we nil bring - for now , let 's agree to y be . okay ? the hell we gonna divvy up the tt of this shit ? seth fe just need to be conservative . we get least a week 's worth of food here . that will last we till we get rescue , no matter what . jay well ... what if no one come ? jonah uh-oh guy . I think we overlook one of we supplies . opoint at jay ) a wet towel . Craig notice something and he eye go wide . 44 , craig oh shit . we do not have any water . jonah we can just wring out jay . jay shake he head . seth ( to franco ) you do not have any bottled water ? franco I have some , but Danny dumped it on goddamn head . danny . oh , be this the new gam '' the blame Danny game ? '' W Danny do not play that . 3\water ? we get ton of fluid to wine. nutella . Pickle ( the guy look at each other . he have a point . Danny crack beer and offer some to the other . danny ( cont 'd ) come on , guy . it 's really important that we all stay hydrate . all the guy grab beer . int . franco' house - kitchen all the guy , except jay , prepare dinner together . franco be fiddle with a radio , get only static . seth do anyone know how to make potato ? nobody say anything . seth ( cont 'd ) nobody here have make a potato before ? danny do not you just eat they raw ? jonah no . you boil they . seth we have no water . craig let 's boil they in beer ! franco that actually sound > 1 then pour beer all over it , Seth put a potato '' in a , ower in the house goe out . when suddenly all T : franco wait for it ! the franco ( cont 'd ) '' solar power generator ! look like you '' sasshole owe Frank gehry a thank you ! back to see jay watch the guy . he clearly eft out , and walk out of the room . isic up : investigative and mysterious song - jay walk into franco 's library , peruse he massive collection of book , scour the shelf , on a mission . - jay look through the library more , until he stop dead in he track . his eye go wide as he see what he be look for . it be sandwich between '' the Koran '' and '' the bhagavad gita '' . jay reach out and grab the Bible . 46 . seth ( 0.s . ) ( yell ) jay ! dinner 's ready ! get down here before you beer- tato get cold ! int . franco' house - dine room - continuous the guy be sit around the table eat potato , pizza and beer . they all converse , except for jay , who deep in think . Seth light a tiny joint . jonah alien ! think about it ! they be und ground , like in Steven speilberg * sounded like one of that War of the world . franco guy ! it 's the chine can agree the , redta jonah what 's if cur own government do this ? like military experiment go awry ! they be testing some new weapon that open a portal to a dimension where they have the cure for cancer or something , and then they find the cure , and it turn out ... we be the cancer ! and then this shit happen ! seth I be still not convinced this all can not be accredite to a natural disaster . franco oh yeah ? you wanna tell that to the head in my corner ? franco point at the head , which now have some fly around it . seth who know how that guy 's head fall off ? maybe a tree fall on he body ? maybe the animal escape from the zoo and a tiger eat he or something ! danny ya all be fuck idiot . it 's the new {| world order . I be talk illuminati . talk some Tom hank , Da vinci co shit . that 's why the one dollar bil . get a pyramid with a eyeball on '' look at we , plan this shit have be . always will be . jay I know what it be . ( cont 'o D ) ys ! it 's the end of 1 ! it 's all in here ! read from the bible ) sky shall open up , and the the lord shall shine down , and ood heart shall be bring into of heaven . '' that 's the blue rapture ! ( read ) '' many man will die of the water '' there be that tsunami in the South Pacific ! ( read ) '' and there will be a great mountain burn in fire '' the Hollywood Hills be literally on fire ! ( read ) '' and he open the bottomless pit ; and there arise a smoke out of the pit , as the smoke of a great furnace ; and the sun and the air be darken by reason of the smoke of the pit . '' smoke of the pit , guy ! go look outside ! smoke 's come out of a giant pit in franco 's front yard ! Fucking pit smoke ! ( more ) 47 . 48 . jay ( cont 'd ) ( vead ) '' and a great horn shall sound . '' the weird horn that go off before Michael cera get impale ! craig well ... what happen next ? jay ( read ) '' ~ and out of the pit rise a great red dragon , have seven head and ten ho : and seven crown upon he head . tha : serpent , call the Devil , and Sat : which deceiveth the whole world : release unto the earth . in that man shall seek death , and not . and they shall desire to / be shall flee from they . '' jay dramatically hold the book they a old biblical draw of : ' the seven head dragon . jay stare at they , proudly as he holdsjup he discovery . oo Long beat . alien and government portal be more plausible than mine ?! jonah yeah ! because we theory be not religiously exclusive ! what you be say be extremely insulting to jewish people . seth ( to jay ) _ told you so . : jay I be half jewish ! 49 , jonah half !? ha ! be you even circumcise ? jay +. no. jonah ew ! you be not fuck jewish ! seth jay , I tell you to drop this . it 's a dickhead thing to say . if this be the. apocalypse , then we be all leave beh so you be say we be shitty peopl jay you word , not mine . jonah I be not shitty . franco I know I be not shi ethic . we be all lo it 's we '' thing '' . that 's how we away with say such horrible thing '' in we movie . people can nre good guy underneath it all . jonah up ico 's house - lookout - later eek out a window , but see only thick black smoke . e sit down and begin read he bible . Seth come in . seth you see anything out there ? jay nope. 50 . seth well , I be sure help be en route . I and the guy be gonna play some Risk ? you interested ? jay Nah . I do not think that guy want I to play . seth I tell you not to bring up you judgmental theory . do not blame they of : be insulted . i ( beat ) : just come play with we . we all want yor to play , okay ? it will be fun . jay will you make a truce w. seth +.- yeah . sure . total ! I think we have a truce ! seth e. but then Uzbekistan have a turn of luck . jonah goddamn right it do . > jay why be everyone teaming up on I !? jonah it 's not we fault . you pick the shittiest continent . nobody pick Australia . Hugh jackman would not choose Australia . jay Craig , will you make a truce with I ? 51 . craig Hell no . I get Prussia and most of Eastern Europe . I do not need nobody . I be droppin’ the tron curtain . Seth hold the dice up to jonah 's lip . seth give I some sugar , baby . jonah blow on the dice . Seth roll . seth ( cont 'd ) os beware jay ... it 's the end of dayy !f not what ?! how 8 jonah no a giant mug of Beer . seth ( to Danny ) how many beer have you have ? danny twenty six , twenty seven . I do not know . I be not in high school . I do not count beer . jonah Jesus , dude ! we need that beer to live ! jay be look at the ration table . 52 . jay we literally have nothing leave to drink . seth there 's no wine leave ? craig we drank it this morning . the guy all look at each other . jonah seth well , shit . now I be thir : be we gonna do ? int . franco 's house - back all the guy be hud peek out a crack , ok , so , out there , aro ind the side of the house . I know there 's : at least two jug of water down ' there . ° jay ie get they ? anyone wanna 2 '' jonah *s that jay ? you be volunteering ? jay that 's not what I say ! jonah well , it 's what Jesus would do . eth laugh . jay Risk be over . stop teaming up on I . as jonah Risk be never over ! 53 . franco well someone 's gotta go out there . int . franco 's house - soon after all the guy be gather together . Seth hold five match . he light one , then blow it out . seth alright , whoever pick the burnt match have to go get the water . everyone nod , anxious . Seth turn away and pla to the guy . Craig slowly reach for a matcl to take it , but stop . he switch to another mk ch ; pulis . it 's the burnt match . '' craig no !!! the guy can not hide they int , franco 's ' franco 's house - backyard - moment later he smoke be thick , we can only see a few foot . franco 's back door creek open , and Craig tentatively inch out , '' the rope trail behind he . he hug the side of the house as he cautiously move forward . 54 , int . franco' house - continuous the guy all hold the long rope , slowly let it out as Craig move closer to the basement door . danny that poor son of a bitch . he 's like a big dumb worm on the end of a line . jay shut up . we gotta think positive . danny oh , I be positive . I be positive he 's come back without a fuckin’ head . '' ext . franco' house - backyard -— Craig slowly move along the’ side something and look out into thi Pov shot of something look smoke . it breathes heavily . then , slowl jay dive for the bundle , and miss . the last bit of rope get pull out the door . ext , franco' house - backyard - continuous Craig arrive at the door to the basement . he turn the knob , but the door be jammed from the earthquake . 55 . craig ( quietly ) please door ... please open for I . he ram he shoulder into the door . the noise echoe through the yard . Craig hear a growl and look back . craig ( cont 'd ) ( scared ) I be a civilian . just a unarm man look for water . you go you way . I ' 1 go mine . cool ? Pov shot of something move through the smok in on Craig . craig ( cont ‘d ) aahhhh ! . Craig see something move throug ] start run back towards the ext backyard — continuous e '' rope trail behind he . of something close in on Craig . Craig look d sees what 's chasing he . his eye go wide , he jaw drop , and he scream like a little girl . int . franco' house ~ continuous Craig bowls into the house . jonah dude ! where ' 's the water ? 56 . to craig something 's out there ! then , the rope that 's tie around Craig 's waist , which be trail out the door , go taught . craig ( cont ’d ) oh shit . it violently yank Craig towards the open back door craig ( cont 'd ) nooo !! do not let I die !! seth stop it ! let go of I ! they grab onto the door frame , t! yanking on Craig . jay look to knife from the kitchen , and throw it rection . it stab jay in the leg ! jay ( cont 'd ) at the fuck ! jonah lap , send the guy crashing back into the house . franco slam the door shut and lock it . all the guy collapse to the ground , try to catch they breath . day clutches he bleed leg . jay what be out there , Craig ? what be chase you ? 57 . oo craig ( freak out ) I do not know what it be ... all I know be I be not go back out there . the guy start to pick themselves up . seth well ... we still have no water . franco it 's so frustrating ! ( look at the ground ) the water be like , literally , right underneath we . the guy all look at the ground . franco ( con ' it 's so close ... yet so poetic . what ? n dismay 'as Seth , jay ( whose leg be jonah , Craig and Danny use a hammer , a aseball bat , and a knife to dig a hole in ey be dehydrated , exhaust and do 4 lookout — soon after - night t the look - out , read the Bible . there be other religious theme book scattered around ig appear in the door . craig hey man . franco and jonah 's shift end in ten minute , so we break ' 's almost over . Craig think for a moment , then come in the room . craig ( cont 'd ) you read anything good ? jay show he the Bible . Craig peer out the look -out . 58 . craig ( cont ’d ) do it say anything in the Bible about , like , demon look thing , with like , big gangly arm and bright red eye that make you wanna shit you pants ? jay like this ? jay hand Craig a book . Craig 's eye go wide . the bl drain from he face . we see a old draw of a horrifying demon with gangly arm and blood be craig ( try to hide he fear ) uh ... no. nothing like this . kick it away from himself . jay Z ( notice Craig , you do see something ds you ? do you see Long beat . craig ay 's for argument 's sake that to fuck up everyone 's shit , then he ppoint in digging a hole to get we be be test , Craig . look ... ( point to a bible passage ) ..- it say right here that there will be a seven year period of tribulation . and then the worthy go to heaven . we just have to get through it , and prove we worthiness . craig well , how do we do that ? jay clearly have not think of this . 59 . jay it do not say specifically ... but I assume we should probably just be really nice and stuff ? craig I gotta be nice for seven year ? I can not last seven year . jay we can do it . if we stick together . ( beat ) truce ? craig truce . they bump fist . jay honestly , you and I be Seven year be not tha scheme of damnation . lig the hole , which be progress anco storm in the room hold the porno . of franco which one of you animal do this ? seth do what ? franco jizzed all over the page of this Magazine , that I be nice enough to tell you guy about in the first place . . the guy look at each other . then - 60 . danny I do it . I jizzed all over you Magazine . franco why ?! danny because I be jack off . and after I jack off long enough , I jizz . how do it work when you do it ? franco ; why do not you just aim somewhere el danny aim ? who be I ? the Queen of englan : do not aim ! I just blast do not go in my eye or franco nobody else have , the he I will . you be ott of : now that we be stuek porno mavaiien anymore ? this be the twenty first century . you house have a ipad build into the wall , but jack off like a fuck anny throw down he coat rack , danny ( cont ’d ) I be not digging anymore . I be too thirsty . but I can not quench my thirst ainless I keep digging . it 's a sick fuck irony ! and I can not take it ! e nios he Danny start to walk away . seth do not walk away from I , Danny ! danny I can not hear you ! I have already walk away too much ! 6l . Danny exit . Seth sigh , then keep digging . jay walk in and see Seth digging . he think for a moment , then look at he Bible . jay yo . need some help ? seth really ? but you shift just end . jay whatever , I do not mind . it 's the nice thing to do . Seth be touch by this . jay pick up a tool digging . they dig silently for a few moment seth jay ge . '' ha ! I guess we be . iihate to y sdly 's it , I do not think thesé lival g condi tion be a we old have but remember the time u that fifty dollar gift eat to Taco Bell , and I bet you at it all in one sit , and no then we go to see and the tiger scared you and seth and I try to run to the bathroom , but I have to squeeze past all the people sit in we row . jay ( impersonate Seth ) '' * scuse I . sorry ' bout my shit cover chalupa ass in you face . '' jay and Seth be double over in laughter . they stomp they foot on the ground in hysterics . then - — 62 . boom ! the ground collapse and jay and Seth fall through , crashing into franco 's basement . int . franco' house — downstair / storage space - continuous jay and Seth moan as they stumble to they foot . seth ow ! my tail bone ! be you okay ? jay yeah ... I think so . you ? seth yeah . franco ( 0.s you guy do it ! jay and Seth look up and 's jonah look down at th okaround the dark , scary basement . some debris seth oh god there 's something down here ! the guy try to make out they surroundings , but can not really see . jay pull out a lighter and flick it several time . nothing happen . the guy whip around . seth ( cont ’d ) Jesus . come on . 63. jay I be try ! jay flick the lighter again , and this time , the flame light and we see what appear to be a monster stand right beside they . the guy scream and scamper back , whe ! we reveal the monster to be nothing more than a promotional cut - out of franco as the Green goblin . seth oh man ... it 's just franco . Seth punch the goblin cut - out in the face . & look around and see two 5 gallon jugs of arrowhe id wi next to the goblin cut -out . | : jay yes !! seth we do it !! we be he music up : raindrop keep bacharach slow motion shot of guy celebrate . - they hoist the jug upijab win the stanley ' Cup . e ter < into it . they laugh hysterically . int . franco 's house - soon after the guy all cheer cup of water . they be all at the table eat a very small meal together , but have fun . jonah .«.. I mean , he pants be so tight , you could see the vein in he dick . ( more ) 64 . jonah ( cont 'd ) when he start sing '' purple rain '' , all I could picture be he '' purple vein . '' and it be magic . the guy all laugh . jonah ( cont ’d ) ( sing to the tune of '' purple rain '' ) every time I fuck , I do it with my purple ; vein . purple vein , purple vein ! all the guy join in . guy purple vein ! purple vein !! they all laugh . probably fuck Danny nonchalantly go start pour him e of the water jug and another glass . whoa ! , whoa ! who : you be do ? ~~ what do you think danny g another glass of water to wash dry - ass roll . % seth you xca not 's just '' have another glass of water . '' we get one glass of water with inner . that 's it . danny look , I be not a cactus , or a goddamn humpback camel , or some other stupid animal that do not need water . I ’ma thirsty fuckin’ human be ! jay so what ? we all be . 65 . danny but it 's bullshit , I mean , jay must weigh a hundred and fifty pound less than I , so why should we ration be equal ? seth because that 's what 's fair ! danny that 's not fair ! that 's equal . Fair and equal be not the same . franco that do not make any sense . danny no ! what do not make a 's I be be under- hydrate ; skinny little fucker - ( point to jay ) - get the same amount it 's ri-goddamn we should be gi jay we be not change the rule , Danny ! you ga not have more water ! danny oh ? really ? be that so , jay ? I can not have more ? well , what do you call this ? Danny pick up one of the giant jugs of water and pour '' it into he open mouth , dump the entire thing over himself . the other guy freak out ! franco noco !! craig what have you do ?! the guy get up and try to wrestle the jug away from Danny . they all slip in the water on the ground , and fall , landing on the other water bottle . the cap pop off , cause all they water to start spilling out . seth noo !!! the guy scramble to save the water , to no avai guy all stare dagger at Danny , who be soakin int . franco 's house ~ kitchen franco we gotta kick Danny ou try you be not serious franco = / we donti have any water , all because of Danny . he the rule and he lack of gonna fuck kill we oh I be again ! do not ré ! dry bowl . it be the saddest ever see . craig come on ! we gotta think about this . it do not matter how much of a prick Danny 's be . he deserve a second chance . jay exactly . Craig nail it . everyone deserve a second chance , guy . franco we can not let he keep do what he 's do ! 67 . franco point into the next room . Danny be asleep in a chair , naked , crumb cover he belly , and a empty bag of chip ahoy cookie in he lap . franco ( cont ’d ) I think he actually gain weight since we have be in here . seth. come on . let 's kick he ass out . Seth look at franco and jonah , who be clearly pis seth I be go with jay and Craig on thi jay ( delighted ) really ? jonah seth so , Danny ... we feel that you have not be respectful of we , or the rule , and because of that , frankly , we be all super fuck piss off , man . it 's just not cool and it 's get to stop . this be not how friend behave . danny yeah ? so what ? franco be enraged . jay motion for he to be calm . 68 . seth we all talk about it , and simply put , if you do not change you attitude , we be go to have to ... you know ... franco we will kick you ass out ! Danny be take aback for a moment . he process the information then stare back at the guy . danny ( clearly hurt ) you be kick I out of the house ? craig you sititede . Danny stare at the guy , then tak I do not want to se with you stupid the guy all look at é other , then back at Danny . franco and jonah start take board off the front door . danny ( cont ’d ) eally fuck do this ? jay i@ one who 's do this ! all you be be respectful and we will let danny well , I can not do that jay . because I can lie to you asshole all day . but I can not lie to myself . I be out ! Danny get up and walk over to the door . danny ( cont 'd ) wait ... what if I run into a regiment of mutant chinese soldier ? you guy just gonna send I out there defenseless . Craig hand Danny a baseball bat . 69 . danny ( cont 'd ) that 's it ? a baseball bat against ten billion chinese mutant ? come on guy . consider how badly you be fuck I , I be be pretty gracious about this whole thing . do not just give I a god damn death sentence . I gotta be able to defend myself out there . seriously . the guy look to each other and nod . franco pull luger and hand it to Danny . danny ( cont 'd ) thank you ... you stupid motherfucke ! he point the gun at the guy and squeeze t!] over and over again . blam ! blam ! blam ! recoil and scream , think they be of not turn this around on we . you to kill we ! danny whatever ! there 's no civilization leave , there 's no need for this false bullshit . you guy be so damn high and mighty , like you have never do nothin ' wrong . I admit , Craig , you be pretty cool , but the rest of you be full - on cock sucker . franco , you be a pretentious piece of shit , jonah , you be a desperate little asshole who 's only get mean thing to say , and then you get Seth just bossin’ everyone around , actin’ like he 's so fuckin’ smart , when he 's not . and , of course , jay , the lie fuck coward . jay as what ?! I be not a liar ! on danny yes you be ! you wanna go there ? Cause I be already there . riddle I this ; when 's the last time you be in LA , jay ? jay what ? what 's that matter ? Danny look to Seth . seth two year ago ? danny nope ! Seth be confuse . jay look worried danny ( cont'd I see this pinner ass for the fuckin’ four season , furthermore , he make a e you . it 's actually kind asshole deserve each jay look danny ( cont 'd ) ys look at I like I be some imal ? well , news flash , this e’re all a bunch of fuck we eat , we shit , we hopefully fuck a bunch , and then we die . so do not '' blame I if you fucker can not handle that . because I can . franco well , thanks for that . now get out of my house . Danny start to walk towards the door . then , he turn back , and look at the guy emotionally . danny for I truly wish thing have end on a better note ... ( more ) 70 . 71 . danny ( cont 'd ) like with I shoot all of you and live in this house forever , but ... it do not , so ... see ya 'il in hell ! Danny walk out . Seth look at jay , hurt and angry . jonah well Seth , hate to say I tell you so , but jay really be a super shitty friend . bam ! jay punch jonah 's face , make he nose bl jonah ( cont 'd ) ow ! jay storm off . jonah stare at he with hate i eye . Seth walk away , piss and sad . int . franco 's house - night jonah peer across the room at bible and highlight section look of hate in he eye kneel . he shut hi '' prayer '' position . a corner and '' hand in the hello . get jay out of this house . I I mean , Danny be a good start , the real problem , he whine and out everything , and he 's always k to I , ever since I first nging out with Seth . he 's a pocrite , a smart ass , and I hate he th all my heart . I be begging you , please , get he out of this fuck house . ( beat ) thanks . int . franco' house - later that night we see shot of all the guy sleeping in there beds . note : what happens next will look as much like the devil ~ rape scene in '' rosemary 's baby '' as possible . 8 72 . we land on jonah , sleep on a pullout couch in a guest room . his eye flutter a bit and he look down towards the foot the bed . from he Pov , we see he body and leg , lay on he bed , but he bed be floating in the middle of the ocean . he shake he head , and snap out of it , or so he think . he ' 's daze , in a dream like state . we see he shirt get pulled off he body . we see he pant get lower . a paint brush with red paint start make symbol all over jonah 's body as he ga : around confuse . he hear chanting in a unrecogni language . demonic looking hand start to run up jonah 's body , scratch and fondle he . a shadowy figure that look like a demon mou confuse , not know if this be real oma dre jonah lock eye with he violator , and wi human . they be red and devilish . jonah this be no dream ! happen ! ' th : a pillow smother jonal we fade to black . int . franco' house Seth be in the kitchen , “c supplies . jay come in anc off . franco , Craig and jonah come in . jonah ook tertible , heavy bag under he eye . seth ( cont ‘d ) Jesus , man . you look like shit . jonah I have the worst sleep . have the most mess up dream . craig what be the dream ? 73 . jonah well , I be float in the middle of the ocean ... and then , this big creature like , climb ...uh... ( lie ) I do not remember what happen next . Seth notice jonah have scratch on he neck . seth what 's that ? jonah feel the scratch then look at himself reflection of a nearby mirror . he look really out , but try to cover . jonah what the fuck ...? craig alright , let 's do we have lef break into of 2 . of franco 's 's telghbor® 's house and g we some food and water or gather together . Seth hold five match . seth alright , we all know how this work . who want to go first ? craig I be not go first . tell you that much . franco take a deep breath and pick a unburnt match . franco yes ! fr-anco win !!! thank fucking GOD !!! jonah take a match . it 's not burnt . he 's so relieved that he knee almost buckle . 74 . jay , Seth and Craig be unbelievably nervous . Craig pick one . not burnt . he exhales , then look to jay and Seth . craig good luck you guy . to both y’all . jay and Seth lock eye . they animosity be palpable . jonah watch intently . jay 's quivering hand reach out and he slowly draw ... . a unburnt match . Seth have lo jonah damn it ! everyone look to Seth like he 's doom . Long seth I be not do it . jay what ? this be betweemyou two . we all get unbuknt match '' jay seth mnot go . you go . ' jby what ? you lose ! Craig lose and he go ! I can not believe you be do this . seth you already think you be better than all of we , why do not you go prove it ? gay think . then , he step forward and take a breath . 75 . jay you know what ? Fine ! I will prove it . even though you guy be always huge dick to I , 1’11 go out there and risk my life to save yours . because I have a little thing call honor ! jay head towards the door . jonah can not believe he luck jonah ( to himself ) it work ... jonah suddenly gag , a surprised look on he try to compose himself , but start to swe craig jay ... I will go with ( make a show of it ) uu Craig ! thank you ! very kind of franco . just go get we some food . it , franco 's house — soon after y wield a baseball bat ; Craig a kitchen knife and a fry pan . franco stuff a dufflebag in a back pack . craig alright , wish we luck , guy . Seth be sit on the couch avoid eye contact . jonah be pace in the background , look feverish . 76 . jonah ( mumble ) ... I get scratch on my tummy ... franco okay guy . we will be here . get get ‘em ! jay open the door . smoke seep into the house , it 's dark , as hell and they can not see anything . jay look back . catch Seth 's eye for a moment . Seth look away . jay and Craig hesitantly step outside into the of smoke . franco quickly shut the door and star '' it back up . franco look back at . seth. franco ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you get out of ; totally fuck jay ! that : | Seth clearly feel bad , but try t yeah ... ext .* franco' hous a frighten jay be door . thick black 's : craig see shit . jay and Craig hold hand as they slowly make they way through the smoke . the shape of a neighbor house lerge ' through the cloud . jay there . '' they hustle up the stair that lead to the front door of the house and try the handle . it 's lock . jay try to kick the door , but it do not budge . he propel himself backwards and tumble down the stair . Craig ram the door open and the two guy disappear into the house . 77 . int , franco 's house - look out - continuous Seth peer outside , but mostly just see black smoke . franco be on the couch behind he . seth I mean , I just do not get it . why would not he call I ? why would he lie to I like that ? franco I do not know . he do not like you ? Seth feel bad . seth franco no , man . you be not boss 's set thanks , man . ad keep try to hip position so mae like you because you be pproval . personally , ir franco e bright side ! it really ' ter what jay think , because . seth man ... I hope he 's not dead . franco you ‘’re right . because if he 's dead , he 's not come back with any food or water . uddenly , they hear loud banging noise from downstairs . seth jonah ? 1 ? 78 . int . franco' house - kitchen -— continuous Seth and franco enter the room , but it 's empty . a lamp be swinging on the far side of the room . franco jonah ? bang ! a door slam behind the guy . they both jump ! seth jonah ?! where be you ? the guy slowly walk into the live room and wriggle around on the floor , he eye roli d bai seth ( cont 'd ) oh Jesus ! franco Holy shit ! dude ! I d aid ! do you know first , aid ? st super stone ? seth no , he 's not super stone ! he 's fuck up ! I think he 's die or something ! ( beat ) wait ... what if he really dee have low blood sugar ? franco I will get the milkyway !!! int . neighbor house ~- continuous jay and Craig tip toe through the house , they weapon hold high . 79 . jay hello ?!? Craig smack jay 's shoulder . craig ( whisper ) shut the fuck up man ! do not be all yell and shit . you yell again and I will bat you in the face . jay ( whisper ) maybe we should split up ? cover mor ground ? craig ( whisper ) i no . that 's a stupid idea . to the kitchen , grab wh out of here . jay see something . aig look and see what umped on the floor . Craig d too . jay point down th cn appear to be a per % suddenly become frigh * '' & : cc. a hi : jay we would run , we should just run , right ? few more step and see what look like a craig oh , dude ... I think it 's a zombie . jay fuck . the Bible do not say anything about zomby . they take a few more terrify step and see that it 's a human corpse . in he hand be a empty bottle of pill . jay ( cont 'd ) thank god ! it 's just a regular dead guy . 80. craig let 's keep move . they creep onwards into the kitchen . jay open a few cupboard but do not find any food or water . Craig open the fridge but everything inside be rotten . they look at . each other , worried . Craig then open the pantry : jackpot . it 's fill with food and water . tear of joy stream down they face as they both start to shovel foo into they mouth . int . franco' house - continuous Seth shake jonah . seth jonah ?! franco dash back into the room , ically - unwrap the milkyway . franco open he mouth ! n ow ... maybe chew it up and spit it into he mouth , like a mother bird ? franco good idea ! hold he mouth open . eth go to hold open jonah 's mouth as franco start to chew the milkyway , when jonah suddenly stop move . jonah ( mumble in latin ) ..- nosferta deso cumin ... franco and Seth step back . franco be that Hebrew ? gl . seth no. I ... I think it 's latin . that 's fuckin’ scary . jonah ( vaspy devilish voice ) you all drow in a river of semen and blood , the day of reckoning be upon you ! you 'il choke on the puss of baby decapitate head and quiver in the shadow of kingdom come , the end of day , the time of judgement ... the apocalyp : at nigh !!! ae no . they inch towards jonah t liquid trickle from th jonah may bite the black finger off , he quiver as he touch wid 's and quickly withdraw he hand . franco franco ew . you sniff it ! Seth sniff franco 's finger . seth smell like ... puke . franco ew. gross. 82 . franco wipe he finger on Seth 's pants , when suddenly , jonah lurch forward and hurl a large amount of the black sludge all over franco and Seth , who recoil in fear and disgust . franco clutches he eye as Seth gag . franco ( cont 'd ) I can not see ! it burn ! seth it 's in my mouth ! I get some in my mouth , franco where 's jonah ? I can not see he ! Seth look around the room , but jonah 's go seth ; t T do not know ! oh god I d int . neighbor house - continuou : Craig and jay eat chocolat@ bar and finish load up the duffelbag . jay look at all the of leave behind . he then look into the next room and see a i ivi ' loor , couch , fake flower . jay why should we go back to that asshole , with they snide remark and they condescending attitude ? I mean , look at this place ! it 's beautiful , and clean , and there 's food . and the owner sure be not go to mind . jay point at the corpse . jay ( cont 'd ) we could have a great time in this house ! think about it ! just you and I ! ( go over to a chair ) ( more ) jay ( cont 'd ) you can sit in this easy - chair , while I be in that kitchen cooking dinner ! ( see something ) look ! he 's get a fuck piano ! you play piano ! this can be the best seven year of we life ! craig I do not know , man . I '' scared as hell and I wanna get back to we friend . jay they be not my friend ... craig Seth 's you friend . jay .+- be he ? craig day , it 's like this be we try perfect . but shi- believe I be ... unholy . at ) not ;.* that asshole be all we éd to stick together . hing that 's like it get , and we : jay think . Thi shake head . jay u should just go back without I . Craig perk up , hearing a noise . craig x something ? mp jay yeah . a creak noise . ..- huffff ... craig and now there 's , like , a breathe sound . jay yeah . 83 . 84 . we pull out to reveal that the window behind Craig and jay be be steam up by the nostril of a horrific demon , its red eye glaring at they . jay and Craig be oblivious . horrific demon grrrrrrr . . - jay ( scared ) and now it 's a scary growl . craig shit . I have hear that growl ... boom ! the demon smashes through the window be the wall , burst into the kitchen . craig ahhhhhe ! !! seth ih shit ! where do he go ?! jonab Sin ! you shall pay for you sin with you flesh ! I will flail you penis into ribbon ! seth oh dear god !!! on 85 . jonah God be dead and Satan be upon you , filthy wretch of man ! jonah start to slowly crawl down the wall , towards Seth . seth oh no way ! get away from I ! jonah , do not , man ! seriously ! jonah reach the floor and step off the wall . he run towards Seth , who flee , run around 1 seth ( cont 'd ) help I , franco ! do something ! low I ? get franco ! jonah smile , then pivot round and lunge at franco , he hand clawit g at fra ag face , he tooth snap shut violently he bark at franco . jonah ' 11 eat you throat ! eranco immediately bite Seth 's shoulder . seth arghil ! eth hurl jonah into a large painting . jonah slam into the painting , hit the floor , but then quickly get back up . Seth and franco look at each other and bolt into franco 's bedroom , slamm the door behind they . jonah ( 0.s. ) — I will eat you dream and fuck you soul ! 86 . int . neighbor house - continuous from the demon Pov we see jay desperately run to avoid it 's grasp . jay GOD save I !!! jay run towards a open window down a long hall , whe : suddenly slam into Craig . jay fall to the ground craig we gotta get out of here !! jay this way !!! jay scramble to he foot and run window , desperately try to open jay ( cont ! it 's not open ! it or something ! '' > jay arid 's they both go fly out the all around they . they hit t extremely ig see the duffle bag a few foot ib 's on top of it , crush it . Craig es up and run towards franco 's smoke . the demon chase after they . and franco look around the room for a place to hide . a be hear approach . franco we gotta hide ! seth where ? franco here ! 87 . franco drag Seth into a closet and shut the door . they peek out a crack as jonah walk into the room . franco ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) oh no ... seth ( whisper ) shhitt jonah whip around , look towards the closet . franco ( whisper ) fuck. seth ( whisper ) shh !!! franco whisper ) ly know we be in here . eth jump onto jonah , knock he down . he dash out £ the room . franco kick jonah in the face and follow eth . int . franco' house - continuous Seth and franco run into the main room . 88 . franco okay , new plan , let 's - smash ! the front door fly off its hinge . franco ( cont 'd ) ahhi ! Craig burst in , jay follow behind he . craig there 's a demon chase we ! franco a what ?!? Craig and jay pick up the front door a against the frame . jonah ( 0.8 more meat for I to Craig and jay look up to é@e jonah at the top of the z ering down the sa ' jonah lunge at\them . whack ! jay nail jonah in the face ock he out cold . the guy all stare at jék. Craig and jay snap out of it and rd up the front door again . franco ( cont 'd ) ( notice ) jait ! where be all the supplies ?? craig we have ‘em , but we lose ‘em because we be be chase by a big fuck demon . and now jonah get the devil in he ! jay be right this whole time ! this shit be the apocalypse ! the guy look to each other . nobody can deny it . jay , even at this moment , can not help but smirk . seth oh , do not look so fuck happy . 89 . jay I '' not happy ! seth you have practically get a boner . franco yeah , grow up , jay . you should not be happy . it 's the end of the world . jay I be not happy ! of course I be not happ } I be not gonna lie that it 's validatin some degree , because I be right . and ' you guy all say I be wrong . but i’ obviously not '' happy '' about it . vindicate maybe . suddenly jonah pop up again . jonah you will burn in the live room - later ouch , bum out . jonah 's muffle ting can 's be hear come from upstairs . seth ( in shock ) the apocalypse ... I do not get it . I mean , I do not deserve to be here . craig I think I deserve to be here . I have make a lot of mistake . franco that 's bullshit ! none of we deserve to be here ! we be actor ! we be entertainer ! we bring joy to people 's life ! jay it 's not like we do it for free . we get pay way more than most people to do it . franco so ?! the hour be crazy ! and the stress be nut . do press be the worst ! honestly , I think be the type of person who 's dedicated they life to help other people forget they problem should automatically get you into heaven . jay just look at you house for chri sake ! how expensive be this stuff ( gesture to a sculptu : that seven foot cock aloni entire African village . franco oh yeah ? and how be you 1 Africa , jay ? how ’many : villa save ? craig 's really young , I get in a bar inn j but , we both know I do . I get heat , so I crack a bottle over he head , then hit he in the face with the '' Broken end of it . gouge he eye out . man can not see anymore . he will never enjoy a game of foozball again . because of I . ( beat ) I have do bad thing . we all have . and we can not hide that shit any longer . we have do more bad than good in we life , and now we be pay for it . there be a long moment of uncomfortable silence . then , the power suddenly goe out . everything be black . jay oh no ... the generator 90 . gl . jonah 's muffle ranting be still come from upstairs . they all listen for a few moment . seth somebody have to make he shut up . franco guy , let 's just kill he and be do with it . the other be take aback by this statement . jay absolutely not ! craig jonah 's we friend ! franco jonah Hill be dead ! there . that 's a demo : shut up ! and he i die . no someone 's life ... if like take someone 's , nothing to do with it . that 's anythin eyeball , I with franco it 's sooooo annoying . and it 's here 's any karmic on ! we be already in hell ! ese than that ? we gonna be send ome shitty suburb outside of hell ? ht ? séth ? come on ! back a brother up ! seth I do not fuck care . I be sick of be the tie-breaker . do whatever you want . franco good ! then we be murdering he ass . jay just let I try one thing , okay ?! there 's another way we can do this . jonah 's possess , right ? well what do you do when someone 's possess ? title up : the exorcism of jonah hill 92 . int . franco 's house - bedroom - soon after jay , Craig , Seth , and franco be all stand outside of jonah 's room . jonah can still be hear rambling . craig we should not be mess around with this shit ! if the Devil 's real , we should not be fuck with he ! jay we be not fuck with he . we be coaxd he out of jonah 's human shell . franco come on Craig , let this happen . I this might actually be funny , . have not laugh in day . : this look like it 's not . shanking he ass . franco hold up a knife . é make from a spatula ' ranco 's bedroom . d to the bed , which be now cover in , immediately lock eye with jay and hten and step back . franco stop jonah be still black bile '' jon jay I be not , he 's just ... he 's creepy . jonah ».- T be a bastion of Satan 's great hope ... the eternal lineage of cain , the first murderer , the first hero , the wick path be my way and ... jay alright guy , here we go ... Craig , the candle please . 93 . Craig hand jay a few candle . jay light they and set they up in the room as jonah try to pull free of he bond and snap he tooth at jay , hiss . jay walk to the foot of the bed . he hold the bible by he heart and he makeshift cross out in front of he . jay ( cont 'd ) demon ... jonah yessssss ... jay the power of Christ compel you . franco smirk . to true story ! en to be one of the S of all time , so you have some research ! ' lo you again ... the power [ ST compel yoult ! jay ( cont 'd ) ..of christ ... compel you ! niéker . jay turn to he . jay ( cont ’d ) you know what ? fuck you James . at least I be try to do something ! you and Seth be just stand there with you fuck thumb up you ass ! seth jay ! enough of the faux selfless horseshit . 94 , jay I be try to help someone I hate ! that 's the definition of selfless ! there 's nothing '' faux '' about it ! seth okay , man . you know what ? fuck it . let 's just do this ; you lie to my face , jay ! you lie to I and avoid ! what do I do to deserve that ? jay we move out here together , and then , you totally bail on I . that 's what ! seth you bail on I ! you go bac Canada , leave I alon apartment , completely fu jay you have franco and jo ; i I think it be pretty you have no use for I by th i you make ‘ing out with complete , and then you start to act é they , and then I run away . seth ason I become friend with ' franco '' hey ! not cool ! seth - be because it be clear you be gonna ditch I here . all you ever do be constantly shit-talk LA . you still do ! jay because I hate it here ! it suck ! everyone that life here suck ! 95 . seth you be here with we ! you be leave behind too , which be undeniable proof that you be just as shitty as the rest of we ! jay I be nothing like you ! seth well , God disagree ! tense beat . craig alright . I think a lot of that need be say , and now , that it 's '' out he : e " I think we can all just . seth I do not know why I invic the first place . we be : ace , knock he to the ground . jonah il yes !!! yes !!! let you at Seth with hate and rage in he eye . he Seth , slamming into he . craig guy ! stop this , it be not help anyone - 4 . jay and Seth start fight . franco be excited , while Craig be concerned . Seth and jay smash into a dresser , nobody notice one of the candle tipping over and roll onto the ground , set jonah 's bedsheet on FIRE . bam ! jay punch Seth in the face . seth ow ! you little bastard ! 96 . Seth grab jay and throw he into a cabinet , break it , and revealing a SMALL stash of food . jay and Seth see the food and stop fight . they look at one another , shocked . they look at Craig , who be also shocked . they all look at franco . seth ( cont ’d ) franco ? franco what ? seth jame ! ? franco it 's my fuck house , okay ?! food be mine in the first , pl ) get mad at I for take when I be kind enough to stay here . you have all frankly , I think it 's have not hoarde should be than . ( CO ( cont 'd ) onable . everything I be guy , be be i iplete sense . let 's just - make % jonah ( 0.8 . ) 4 arghhhhh !!! hisssi !! no ! no ! no ! we have get to put it out ! ull a puke cover rug off the floor . craig we will snuff it out ! Craig toss the rug on top of jonah . the carpet burst into flame and double the size of the fire . franco you idiot ! that 's the rug Danny puke on ! it 's saturate with alcohol . 97 . the room be now fill with flame . suddenly , jonah 's bond burn off and he charge at the guy , completely aflame ! + guy ahh ! / run !/ holy fuck !/ sweet jesus no ! the flame jonah chase after the guy , lighting everything he touch on fire . soon , the entire house become completely engulf in flame . seth oh god , we have get no choice . we nve g get out of the house ! franco ( terribly desperate ) d the guy all rush out no they , jonah be second the away from exite couse when it suddenly collapse in a flam ap , crush he inside . franco there ! my garage ! my car 's in there ! 1 run towards the garage when suddenly , a ' winged demon swoops downward and land on the roof of the arage . it perches itself like a gargoyle , glaring at the uy . they stop dead in they track . seth 1 holy . shit . craig '' Fucking demon . . 98 . they look to the burn house . they have nowhere to go . franco we be totally screw , Seth take a few step forward and the demon react , hopping a inch closer to the guy . seth what do we do ? Craig take a deep breath and step forward . craig I get this . jay what ? craig I all distract the thin way , scream like cr should give yo the garage . erve that . I have clearly be shitty ole life , I only ever ing for 'my . so all thing be it 's only fair that the last thing 's not for I . it 's for you guy . jay .. fair and equal be not the craig they be this time , little man . jay Craig , you can not - franco thanks , Craig . that 's super nice of you . craig see you guy on the other side . 99 . Craig step up to the demon , which twist its neck and stare at he . craig ( cont ’d ) hey ! you big gangly demonic motherfucker ! Craig start run across the yard , and the beast swoops down off the garage , landing a few yard in front of he . the path to franco 's car be clear . seth now ! Seth , jay and franco all sprint towards the g. beast menacingly step towards Craig . craig yeah ! that 's right ! com Seth , jay and franco reach the gar get cornere by the large , over to the guy and see '' smile , then look back at 1 speed towards he doom . the mapping , charge at Craig . just e , a br . eget blue light shoot down from beast recoil at the and fly away , disappear into the and franco be shocked . a look of x Craig as the blue light begin to seth you realize what this mean ? franco Craig be a angel this whole time ? jay no ! we can still be save . on ext . los angele - street — continuous 100 . franco swerve down the hellish look , mostly destroy street of Los Angeles . thick black smoke blanket the city . it look like hell on Earth . franco but how come this be the first time that 's happen in the last week ? jay because I think it 's the first time a of we actually do something truly selfless . franco I do let you guy stay at my , hous I guess we merciful lordad 't see the merit in that . seth we can do this . imple : we je find somewhere xy to be nice to each et suck up to heaven . jay ( cont ’d ) seriously , they have get to have ton of food and stuff in there , right ? franco make sense to I . seth alright , alright . Fine . let 's do it . the four Seas — 101 . crash !!! franco 's car get violently t- boned by a speed winnebego ! the guy be all throw around the car before it slam into a pole . they be daze , but okay . thunk ! a pair of foot land on the hood of the car . the guy scream as they see a craze look person slamming a club on they windshield . the side window start to ge smashed by other filthy lunatic with club . the guy pull from the car by what look like a pack of cx . post-apocalyptic cannibal . they have body - part as adornment ( ear necklace , shit like that ) and blood all over they . they throw the guy on th and circle they , snap they dirty , blood cannibal be about to pounce when ... danny ( 0.8 . ) stop ! ! the cannibal cower at the sound of : leok in shock as , from out of t! mcbride , dress as the king of human bone braid into have a skinny GIMP wea : it . Danny 's eye go with , x 1 you mother fucker be 11 alive ?! Ho -ly shit ! I ess that . danny really good to see you dude I mean , it just could not be uu know why ? because I and my friend here have not eat in day , and you motherfucker look deee - licious . franco seth oa ! what ? what be you talk about ? danny ( cont 'd ) I be gonna eat you . well , we be gonna eat you . because unlike you asshole ... I and my friend share . jay you can not eat we ! 102 . danny sure I can ! I can eat whoever the fuck I want . see , that 's the beauty of the new life philosophy I adopt after I be exile from my homeland . I do not give a fuck about anything anymore . I eat people , I butt-fuck this dude right here . ( Danny yank on the leash ) I do what I want when I want to whom I want for as long as I want . I be the king of this crazy bastard . you see , I have see thing out here you would not believe ! I be run away from fu demon ; I be almost fall in bottomless pit . that 's when I reg specifically , a person eat pezgon world , and as long as the shit hag oh athe fan in the truly epic way it be the guy eat mothe : guy get eat by you , my old friend , ( quiet '' Seth and jay ) alright . I be gonna create a diversion , ys use that alley to run to safety . seth you nut ? Danny 's gonna fuck franco it 's okay . as long as ... ( overly dramatic ) ..- he do not eat my friend too . ( beat ) gollt franco , in a heroic moment , scream a epic war cry . he ck up a steel pipe from the ground and start swinging it wildly at the cannibal around he . franco ( cont 'd ) save yourselves !!! 103 . Seth and jay scramble away as franco attack Danny 's man . when they reach the alley , Seth and jay stop and look back at franco , who have lose he weapon and be cornere by the cannibal . as they be about to pounce on he , franco outstretch he arm and look up to the heaven . franco ( cont 'd ) take I Lord ! I have sacrifice myself for my friend ! I be ready for my rapture !!!! Danny and he guy look at each other , confuse . Fran crack one of he eye open and be disappointe nothing have happen . franco ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ?! danny well , well , franco . loo you and I . I gotta admi I always hate you , I , be the tastiest lo up the alley , J : ake one last look back and see Danny cho co 's buttock . they look away in disgust and treet - later . seth I do not know ... franco straight up sacrifice himself to save we . that seem pretty selfless to I . I be two second away from try the same thing . jay well ... I guess unlike Craig , he be only save we to redeem himself . I guess he actually think he could fool God . seth well , he be a terrific actor . they laugh . 104 . jay that 's so fuck up . seth do anyone actually do anything purely for other people ? I mean , even religious people who be charitable and shit only act like that because they know they 's 11 ] go to heaven if they do . that 's totally self serve in the end . jay so the only way to go to heaven be t straight up do something you don 's T somebody else happy , and you get no personal satisfaction from itwhatso seth yeah . I guess that 's th way . but who have be stupa that ? they laugh . as they turn the cornér , they see the four season . the hotel '' have béen reduce to rubble . ( cont 'd ) ha ! guess it 3 a good idea to stay at é0' after all . augh , then look into each other 's eye ; i i be afraid . Seth seth listen jay - boom ! the\ground shake . Seth and jay brace themselves . jay what be that ? boom ! the ground shake again . then , a loud and earth shaking roar emanate from above . jay and Seth raise they eye up to the dark , smoke - fill sky to see in its full horrific glory , a thousand foot tall , seven head dragon . 105 . jay ( cont 'd ) '' and out of the pit rise a great red dragon , have seven head and ten horn , and seven crown upon he head . and Satan be release unto the earth . '' the Beast take a giant step forward , stand directly in front of jay and Seth . all seven head turn they attention towards we guy , fourteen eye glow red with hellfire . seth we be about to die . jay 's mind be racing . he look for a way o1 be utterly doom . jay & we be . we be gonna die . seth I feel like this be I too . the Beast roar ! jay ight . about I think I be n you . about be self I have be as petty and dick - ish - ' throughout all this stuff as anybody . probably even more so because I be the only one who would not admit it . I be a bad friend . I should not have just leave you . and I should have call . and as much as we have grow apart ... I still love you . eth lean over to hug jay , who hug he back . one of the Beast 's seven head begin to plummet down towards jay and Seth , mouth open , ready to devour they . suddenly , jay become awash in blue light ! jay ( cont 'd ) a what the fuck ? 106 . seth you do it ! you redeeme yourself !! jay start to lift up towards the sky . seth ( cont 'd ) and I do not ! shit ! wait ! jay reach out he hand . Seth grab it . jay hold on buddy ! I be not gonnna let yo Seth get pull off the ground , up with jay hole in the sky , a couple hundred foot above >.t! jay and Seth near the hole , the Beast snappin just miss as they ascend higher no she . as : they shit ! they stop go up , hover '' ( for descend back down towards thé : bs 't ! I do not deserve to go ! but int you be a great friend . it guy to fill the hole you leave ! jay whole country to fill my hole ! seth let go ! I be hold you back ! jay no you be not ! I will not leave you again ! Seth and jay look at one another . Seth see the genuine concern jay have for he . his eye sad for a moment , then he steady he resolve . seth so long , jay . Love you , man . 107 . jay no ... do not let go ... you will die . seth but you will not . - ( beat ) peace . Seth wriggle he hand free and let go of jay . jay noprlidiedy Seth plummet downward . below he we see tha Beast 's head be rocketing upwards 3 at he , suddenly , a second beam of blue li stop Seth 's descent , the Beast 's j inch away from he . jay 's eye confuse and look down to , see he , but he 's just out ofr Seth start to be pu. ascent to heaven . they join hand seal up after th hing jay in he lock eye and smile . hole in the sky . it purple rain by prince