this boy' life written by ROBERT getchell base on the book by tobias wolff March 1992 draft for educational purpose only this boy' life fade in : 1 ext . highway - day 1 it be 1957 , and we be in the desert of Utah . tony bennett sing " rags to riches " on the soundtrack . breath - take scenery stretch out on either side of a highway . the camera move to reveal a nash ambassador as it labor up a hill . twelve car be catch behind the thirty - mile - per-hour pace . two car decide to ignore safety and cross the solid yellow line to pass the pokey car . 2 int . nash ambassador - parallel time 2 two people be in the strain car -- a woman and she son . the woman be caroline wolff . somewhere in she 30 , she be a pretty woman who can look beautiful if she work at it . ( just now , though , she prettiness be marre by a fade bruise on she right cheekbone . ) she be bright and energetic and lively . even more important than this quality , though , be she humor . and most important of all be a sensual quality she exude . her sensuality be effortless -- as natural to she as the color of she eye and hair . Men turn on the street to stare at she . the boy be toby wolff . a pleasant - face boy with win - derful eye , he be 13 -- teeter on the brink of adolescence , so that one moment he seem like a self - assure teenager , and the very next like a ten -year - old kid . just now the ten-year- old kid have the upper hand : bored and weary with the long trip , Toby have be argue with caroline , who be ignore he . toby ... well , I mean it . I be serious -- I do . you promise and promise , and then you change you mind , just like that . caroline ( totally oblivious ) ... uh-huh . toby you wait ' till you ask I for something . just wait . see if you get it . ( continued ) 2 . 2 continued : 2 caroline ( as above ) Toby , hush . let I just ... so concentrate on she drive she do not even finish she sentence , she nurse the car upward . finally the car crest the hill and start down . caroline sigh with relief . she turn to Toby with a smile . caroline what would you say ? toby I say -- for the twentieth time -- if a person promise somebody something , they can not just turn around and take it back . caroline oh , honey , Jesus . do not start with that again . toby why not ? caroline because I be the mother , and I get to tell you what to do every minute of you life ' till you be eighteen . seriously , we have get no money . I can not buy you the moccasin . toby I bet if you would promise Roy some moccasin he would of get them . caroline no talk about Roy , okay ? and ditto the moccasin . we , can not , afford , they . toby yeah , but you do promise ... caroline Sue I . take I to court . oh , Toby , I know you be disappointed , but ... toby Jack . call I Jack . ( continued ) 3 . 2 continued : ( 2 ) 2 caroline you be go to drive I to a early grave : I be never go to make Salt Lake City . toby seriously . if a person can not get a stinking miserable pair of moccasin , at least he ought to be able to choose he own name ... ( loud ) ... and I wanna be call Jack ! caroline Fine . and you can call I ... ( she think ) ... jeanette . jeanette Marie . toby oh , you be so stupid sometimes , I ... the bawling of a airhorn interrupt he . both of they look through the back window and see a huge tractor - trailer truck , out of control , bear down on they . caroline brake and steer a hard right , skidding the nash safely onto the side of the road . the truck , its horn blasting steadily , shimmy and slide past they , and then , hideously , fail to make the next curve : it smashes through the guard rail and into empty space , its horn still blaring . caroline and Toby look at each other , then scramble out of the car . 3 ext . broken guard rail - day 3 other driver have stop to look : hundred of foot below , the truck lie on its back among boulder . caroline glance , then turn away . she pull Toby away , one arm around he shoulder . 4 ext . nash ambassador - minute later 4 caroline fill the nash 's steaming radiator with a can of water . caroline ( not much heat ) goddamn thing . ( continued ) 4 . 4 continued : 4 she glance back to where a larger crowd of people stare avidly down at the truck . she bite she lip . caroline oh , that poor man . there be a pause . then Toby speak : toby I hope to hell this be not some kind of omen . caroline turn to Toby , she face worried . then she see the look in Toby 's eye -- he 's rag she . she grin and give he shoulder a light , affectionate shove . 5 int . nash ambassador - night 5 Toby ( foot up on the dashboard wear a brand - new pair of indian moccasin ) and caroline sing " mood indigo " together . Toby hold a complicated - look , black con - traption which look something like a antique flashlight . toby how 's this thing work , anyway ? caroline ( not confident ) it make a black light that , uh , cause uranium trace to glow . toby and we just walk along the street and find this glow uranium ? caroline well , it be everywhere in moab , they say -- just like gold in the gold - rush day . toby but we be too late in moab , and that guy at the office say nobody would find any uranium in Salt Lake City . caroline well , that mean we will have the place pretty much to ourselves , huh ? honey , this could be a big break for we . if this work out , oh , just think : we will get we a house , get rid of this damn nash ambassador -- no money worry ... it will be like heaven on a June day . 5 . 6 int . car - dawn 6 we hear " mood indigo " on the car radio and see that a weary caroline have drive through the night and Toby be slump against the passenger door . Toby stir , then open he eye . caroline ask I how far we be from Salt Lake City . Toby be instantly awake , excited . caroline point to a small highway sign and both she and Toby yell out . caroline / toby forty -seven mile to go ! both of they be laugh with excitement . Toby clap he hand together once , very hard , and caroline yell -- 7 ext . highway - morning 7 well , hell . the nash ambassador sit by the side of the road , its hood up , its radiator steaming . caroline and Toby sit in a patch of shade by the car . caroline if I could have one wish right now -- only one wish -- you know what I would like ? I would like to burn this damn nash ambassador to a crisp . ( as Toby laugh ) I be serious . I hate it . I hate the factory that produce it , and I hate the man who invent it . toby it almost make I want to see Roy -- he be the only one could make the thing stop overheate . ( a beat ) my God , he be boring . bore and mean : you sure get crappy taste in boyfriend . at the mention of Roy 's name , caroline lightly touch the bruise on she right cheekbone . not enjoy the talk about Roy , she pour the water into the radiator , and speak directly to the car . caroline I would like to burn you to the ground . ( to Toby ; big smile ) let 's go get rich in Salt Lake City ! 6 . 8 ext . salt lake CITY ( downtown ) - day 8 Toby wait beside the nash ambassador , look toward a three - story concrete building . he hold a portable radio , which plays dean martin sing " volare . " 9 int . build - parallel time 9 caroline , hold the imitation geiger counter , stand across the counter from a man who be look at she very strangely . man you be pull my leg , right ? caroline no , I come here to look for uranium . man my God , lady . if you be look for uranium , why do not you go to moab ? caroline we go there , but everybody would beat we there . we be too late . man so you come here just on the chance you would find uranium ? listen , you mind I say something to you might sound rude ? Lady , you get more courage than you get common sense . 10 ext . nash ambassador - day 10 caroline exit the building , dump the geiger counter in a trash can and stride to the car . she get in , and say two word : caroline do not ask . 11 int . nash ambassador - day 11 caroline turn the key in the ignition and get only a madden rer-rer-rer -rer noise from the engine : wearily , she rest she forehead on the steering wheel . 7 . 12 ext . nash ambassador - twenty minute later 12 caroline and Toby have the hood up and be peer into the engine . toby that mechanic in Colorado say it need point . caroline I know . do not tell I what I already know . this thing 's a bottomless pit . I do not know what to do . no matter how much money I pour into it ... suddenly a woman in pedal - pusher and a thin , inexpensive sweater stop . she 's vaguely low -class , but friendly and sympathetic . woman I would rather be whipped with a belt than have car trouble . ' course this day I do not have to worry about that . my husband get laid off at the mill , and they repossess the car , so wherever I wanna go , I just have to hoof it , you know ? caroline smile , then she face change . caroline you do not have a car ? ( as the woman shake she head ) you want this one ? shock , the woman say -- woman I ... uh ... I ... toby you be gonna give we car away ? caroline ( to the woman ) seriously . it need point , and it overheat constantly , but you can have it if you want it , because my hand to God , I can not look at it one more minute . woman well , sure ... ( continued ) 8 . 12 continued : 12 caroline get the bag out . get the owner 's slip out of the glove compartment . we be rid of this son-of - a-bitch pink and white albatross . you do not mind take a car with a big dent in the passenger door ? woman Hell , no . ( she look ) there 's no dent there ... caroline draw back she leg and deliver a terrific , flat - foote kick to the door , leave a dent the size of a dish - pan . caroline oh , yes there be ! Toby hand the woman the owner 's slip , caroline give she the key . woman ... you really just give I this car ? caroline it 's do . it 's yours . you get yourself a nash ambassador ! ( to Toby ) let 's go ! both of they pick up two bag apiece -- all they have in the world -- and off they go , feel good . 13 ext . CITY STREET - day ( few minute later ) 13 1957 be all around we : gas be 29.9 cent a gallon ; bread be 19 cent a loaf ; car be curve and heavily chrome ; people occasionally nod and smile at stranger ; child carry hula hoop . in all , a gentler time . caroline and Toby stride along briskly , as if they know where they be go . caroline ... find ourselves a cheap room someplace , we will get you into school , I will brush up on my type and get a job , and thing will start look up . I feel it : the good time be come . and at least we be rid of that damn nash ambassador ! ( continued ) 9 . 13 continued : 13 toby yeah , and like dad use to say , ' we may be break , but we be never poor . ' and later , if we get a house with a big yard , I could get a collie , you know ? one like lad or grey Dawn . and someday maybe a palomino . and I be go to try harder in school , too ... the two of they walk on -- a bit foolish , but , in a odd way , brave as hell . 14 int . vice principal be office - day 14 a subdued Toby sit in front of the vice principal . vice principal ... like to give new boy the benefit of the doubt , but this be the second time in two week that you have be in front of I , and I do not like that . ( pick up a telephone ) now I think you better just call you mother and tell she to come down here . toby she work . she 's work . Silent , the man continue to hold out the telephone to Toby . finally he take it and dial . 15 ext . school - afternoon 15 caroline and Toby exit . Toby sullen ; caroline angry . toby it be not I break they stupid window . caroline liar . toby gee , thanks a lot , Mom -- believe they instead of I . caroline if you care anything about I at all , you will shut up . ( continued ) 10 . 15 continued : 15 toby yeah , well if you would stay marry to dad none of this would have ever happen . caroline look , do not you put that on my back : I can not make you father call you . I can not make you brother write you . they dumped you . yes . but it 's not my fault . 16 int . caroline and toby's room - afternoon 16 the place be pretty bleak : a room and a half , Murphy bed , linoleum floor , and a bath down the hall . caroline and Toby enter . she pull down the Murphy bed and fall onto it fully dress , say : caroline my head be kill I . Toby head for he room . 16a same scene - dusk 16a caroline wake up with a start , then see Toby sit in a chair , watch she . caroline what time be it ? toby Seven . almost . caroline why do not you wake I ? toby I start dinner . the potato be fry , and I be heating up the hot dog . caroline see that he 's try to make it up to she , and pat the bed for he to sit down next to she . he move to sit beside she . caroline hold you mother 's hand . ( continued ) 11 . 16a continued : 16a toby I be sorry . caroline I know you be , honey . ah , well -- it be not fire , and nobody ble , so I guess we be okay . the telephone ring and she answer it . when she hear the voice on the other end she once again touch she right cheekbone with a finger -- the spot where the bruise have be . she sag back against a wall . caroline yes ... ( listen ) yes ... ( listen ) yes , I know ... ( listen ) you be right ... ( listen ) all right , yes ... in a hour , then . caroline hang up . toby who be that ? she close she eye . toby who be that ? caroline laugh aloud , then slide down the wall until she 's on the floor still laugh . caroline we have get a guest for dinner : it 's Roy . he track we down . Toby groan and fall full - length onto the sofa . 17 int . caroline and toby's kitchen - one hour later 17 caroline , Toby and roy be eat at the tiny table . Roy be good - look in a meaty , hairy - chest sort of way . though he be on he very best behavior just now , there be a mean streak in he . Toby , delighted , hold a Winchester .22 rifle across he lap -- a peace - make gift from Roy . ( continued ) 12 . 17 continued : 17 roy ... I find I a room , but it 's clear the hell and go ' cross town . and I think I get a job line up doin ' tune - up in a texaco station . how you like it at winstead 's ? caroline how do you know where I work ? roy I be here almost a week . caroline you follow I around ? for a week ? watch ? Roy do not answer . he just wiggle he eyebrow like groucho marx . caroline and how do you ever find I ? again , Roy do the groucho marx . he turn to Toby . roy you like the rifle , Toby ? ' Jack , ' I mean . toby it 's the best present I ever get . I just love it . ( to caroline ) I be go to pretend I be shoot . caroline do not point that thing at anybody or I will not teach you to shoot . toby it 's not load ! caroline you hear I : anybody or any thing . toby it 's get no bullet , for God 's sake . caroline do not make I speak to you again . ( continued ) 13 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 toby I will point it at the sky , then . caroline sigh . Toby open a screenless window and point the gun up into the night sky , pretend to fire it over and over . caroline start to clear the table . Roy jump up to help she . 18 int . live room - two hour later 18 caroline and Roy be kissing on the sofa , and he be all over she : he hand be on she breast , she thigh , everywhere . arouse in spite of herself , caroline pull away , indicate the light in the other room . caroline do not . Toby 's still up . Roy lean back , smile , and eye caroline . roy you be one sweet thing , baby : just the sight of you make my dick hard . he pull she to he , start to kiss she . she fend he off , look worriedly toward the room where Toby 's light burn . roy aw , he will not hear anything . again he pull she toward he ; again she turn she head from the kiss . then it happen . a spasm of anger pass across he face and he shove caroline away from he . it 's a hard shove , but nothing that could really hurt she . violence have happen before between this two , and they recognize it . caroline be immediately on guard , and Roy be apologetic . roy shit , baby , I be sorry . I do not mean that . I be just so glad to see you . he slide toward caroline , kiss she . this time she accept the kiss -- feel she have no choice . 14 . 19 int . kitchen - parallel time 19 dress for bed , Toby stand by a open window . he can hear every word of roy be , who continue to apologize between kiss . the room be illuminate by a nearby streetlamp . the frosty air from the open window cause he breath to steam . he raise two finger to he lip , pretend to take a drag on a cigarette and blow out the steam from he breath . the voice in the other room grow a bit louder , almost to a argument , and then subside again . Toby take another drag from he pretend cig - arette . he look very young . 20 ext . residential STREET - afternoon 20 Toby wander toward the rooming house . he stop to watch two fiftyish women who be work in a garden . one woman look up . woman # 1 hi. toby hello . the woman stop to take a breather , light a cigarette , poke she companion . woman # 1 my Lord , look at the eye on he -- will not he be a heartbreaker in three , four year ? woman # 2 bedroom eye . Toby smile . woman # 1 you live in the neighborhood , sweetie ? toby over there . ( a beat ) I will not be here long , though , ' cause my dad 's come to get I . woman # 1 oh , yes ? toby yeah . I be gonna live on he ranch in Phoenix . the " lazy B , " it 's call . ( continued ) 15 . 20 continued : 20 woman # 2 that sound like fun . toby it be . I have get a palomino horse and a collie , and dad let we go on hunt all by ourselves . he give I this Winchester .22 , and last year I shot a mountain lion with it . and lad -- that 's my dog -- find a nest of rattlesnake one time , and kill all twelve of they ... the two woman exchange a glance . it 's obvious the boy be lie . 21 int . caroline and toby's room - afternoon ( same day ) 21 Toby enter . four pack suitcase lie on the bed behind caroline . toby what be you do home so -- ( as he see suitcase ) we go someplace ? caroline we sure be . toby where ? caroline I do not know . get any suggestion ? toby Phoenix . caroline good . I be think of Phoenix or Seattle -- lot of opportunity in both that place . toby what about you fabulous boyfriend ? what about the fabulous , boring Roy ? be he come , too ? ( continued ) 16 . 21 continued : 21 caroline not if I can help it . I look out the window at work today , and he be park across the street , watch . toby Roy 's so uncool . so boring . caroline you like he well enough last night . ( imitate Toby ) ' oh , Roy , I just love my rifle so much ! it 's the bestest present ever ! ' toby oh , shut up . but he 's smile , completely unbother . suddenly caroline laugh , stand up , and begin to close the suitcase . Toby laugh , too . toby now ? we be go now ? what about all the food ? caroline leave it . toby even the can stuff ? caroline leave it ! they grab the four heavy suitcase and head out the door . both of they be laugh . 22 int . bus station - afternoon 22 caroline and Toby stand at a ticket counter , disappointed . toby well , ask he when the next one to Phoenix be . ticket seller tomorrow morning , eleven forty - five . ( continued ) 17 . 22 continued : 22 Toby and caroline groan , then caroline brighten . caroline what about Seattle ? ticket seller ( consult a list ) leave in nine minute . they look at each other . 23 ext . boarding area 23 Toby and caroline hurry onboard a Greyhound bus with Seattle as its destination . caroline ... I have always have a good head for figure , and if I could get my c.p.a. license , I believe we could make a real go of it in Seattle . I will advertise for roommate , and I bet we find we a real cute house to rent . toby if there 's a big yard , can I get a collie ? caroline sure . oh , honey , I feel a wind at my back : I think this be go to work out good . toby ( as they board bus ) yeah -- like heaven on a June day . the door of the bus close . whoosh ! the bus begin to move . caroline and Toby 's face be at the window : Seattle or bust . dissolve to : 24 ext . tract house ( seattle , WASHINGTON ) - afternoon 24 the house be a nasty little thing with peel paint . from inside we hear : ( continued ) 18 . 24 continued : 24 caroline ( o.s. ) ... and if you cut school again I will just wear you out -- do you hear I ? I be tired of it ! toby ( o.s. ) yeah , yeah ... Toby exit the house . but , Jesus , what a new Toby : he 's turn cool . a few month have pass . he now wear t-shirt and jeans which ride way low on he hip . as he walk along , he comb he hair into a duck 's ass in back , and forward into a curl at the center of he forehead . he 's 1957 hip -- or think he be . he stroll on , feel cool . 24a ext . tract house / further down STREET - afternoon 24a from one of the house terry taylor emerge , fall into step with Toby . he 's Toby 's age , and be almost a exact replica of he . toby hey , Terry . terry taylor hey , Jack . what would you mom say about skip school today ? toby who listen ? terry taylor you go over to wanda 's house last night ? ( as Toby nod ) you make out good ? ( as Toby nod again ) how good ? toby I fuck she ' till she nose ble . terry taylor sure you do ! oh , wolff , you be rich . 25 int . apartment - afternoon 25 terry silver open the door to admit Toby and Terry Taylor . Silver be a clone of both Toby and Terry Taylor . 19 . 26 int . live room - afternoon 26 as the three boy troop through the room , they pass Terry Silver 's two sister , who be sprawle sensually on a sofa . sister # 1 oh look -- it 's elvis , elvis , and elvis . terry taylor Excuse I , but do you face hurt ? ' Cause it 's kill I . with that piece of high wit , they be out of the room . 27 int . tv room - afternoon 27 the boy light up three cigarettes ( open a window so the smoke will disappear ) , then throw themselves onto the floor in front of a black - and - white tv. superman be on . when lois Lane come on , Terry Taylor start moan as if sexually arouse ; Terry Silver jump to he knee and lick the tv screen repeatedly , also moan . Toby close he eye , also as if in sexual transport . toby oh , lois . oh , baby , come here -- I get six hot inch just wait for you . terry taylor man , look at she ! look at that body - y- y-y . terry silver ( continue lick screen ) um-m-m-m. m-m-m. oh , annette , I want you . I want you so bad . toby oh , babybabybabybabybaby ... you make my dick hard ! the three carry on for a few more second . three of they yum , yum , yum . ( continued ) 20 . 27 continued : 27 make wet kissing noise , or just rock they head back and forth as if tempt beyond endurance . then , slowly , they shut up and lie back down . 27a same scene - later 27a and this be what they really want : absolutely silent , all three boy stare fixedly at the screen . they be totally absorb , catch up in the sweetness and warmth of the show . not one of this boy have ever touch a girl 's breast ; all three be at least two year from they first shave ; all three be pre-pubescent , and they sexuality be all bravado -- now we see they for what they be : three skinny - armed 13 - year-old , fascinate by superman . 28 int . toby and caroline's kitchen - dusk 28 caroline pirouettes for she two roommate , kathy , a diffident , sweet - face young woman , and marian , a heavyset , loud , red -face woman who eat compulsively from a package of oatmeal cookie . both of the woman ooh and aah over caroline 's dress . kathy that belt just make it . caroline it do pick up the green , do not it ? marian and you say he 's get serious already ? caroline yes , I think . he keep talk about marriage , keep say he want to meet Toby . marian well , that 's it -- three date and you get ' im good . caroline I do not know if I want he -- she stop as Toby enter the kitchen . ( continued ) 21 . 28 continued : 28 toby do not want who ? kathy ( about Toby ) Little pitcher ... marian well , it 's the tough guy who can not be bother to go to school . caroline ( to Toby ) oh , it 's nothing -- we be talk about dwight . I tell you about dwight . toby he the one drive down from the boondock ? the mechanic ? dwight . what a stupid name . ( he draw the name out ) dwiiiight . duhhhhwight . dwight-tah -h-h-h. dwighttahhhhh . there be a knock on the front door . Toby stick he head around the door , look into the live room . a man be outline against the sunset , only he black silhouette be visible . it be we first glimpse of dwight . have the man hear he ? Toby do not know for sure . caroline bring dwight into the kitchen . he be older than she , a attractive - enough man . he be well - build , have a full head of brown hair , and very white tooth . that be he good point . on the minus side : he over - eagerness to please , he nervous smile and he clothes . he wear two - tone shoe , a hand - paint tie , and a monogramm handkerchief , fold beyond perfection , in the pocket . caroline introduce he to marian and Kathy . then she introduce dwight to Toby . dwight be all smile . caroline would you like coffee before we go ? or a Coke ? dwight you know , I believe I could stand a cup of java . ( continued ) 22 . 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 as caroline pour the coffee , dwight turn to Toby . dwight so you be Toby . toby no. dwight you be not Toby ? toby no. caroline oh , he want to be call ' Jack . ' it 's so silly ... ever since he read Jack London . dwight well , I will call he anything he want . ( to Toby , confidential ) I always say people can call I anything they want , long as they do not call I late for supper ! Kathy and marian think it 's pretty funny . they laugh . caroline smile . Toby just stare . dwight so , Jack , you like school ? toby no . marian he might like it if he ever go there and try it . toby oh , have another cookie , marian -- keep you strength up . marian I would like to just yank that nasty tongue of yours out by the root . caroline ( to dwight , light ) my son 's decide to try to drive I into a early grave . truly . ( more ) ( continued ) 23 . 28 continued : ( 3 ) 28 caroline ( cont 'd ) ( to Toby ; not so light ) you straighten up and be polite , you hear I ? dwight take a swallow of the coffee . his eye widen . dwight who make this ? caroline I do ... dwight well , well , well , all I can say be that you people be pretty lucky to live in a house where -- oh. marian put a cigarette into she mouth . dwight jump up , pull a velvet case from he pocket and extract a mono - gramm Zippo . he snap open the top of the lighter against he leg , and hold the flame in front of marian 's face . she light she cigarette . then dwight perform the Zippo drama in reverse . what a conversation stopper . finally , Kathy speak to Toby . kathy I hear you be invite up to dwight 's next week for Thanksgiving . dwight aw , you will love it . great air , great water . for scenery , all you have to do be step outside you front door and open you eye . and there 's a turkey shoot Thanksgiving Day . you mom say you might like it , so I sign you up . Toby sit up , eager . toby really ? I can shoot my Winchester ? great ! I bet I could be the one to get the turkey . ( continued ) 24 . 28 continued : ( 4 ) 28 caroline well , amazing : it can sit up and talk like a normal human be . ( notice the time ) dwight , we be go to be late . she grab she coat ( which dwight jump up to hold for she ) and they exit . as dwight leave he kiss he hand , then throw the kiss toward marian and Kathy . the instant the front door slam : toby marian kathy what a geek . I love a man know he 's so appeal . how to dress . 29 ext . residential STREET - afternoon 29 we hear scream . Toby and Terry Taylor race by the camera on steal tricycle , yell as if they be attack - ing Indians . behind they come Terry Silver , on foot . atop a small hill , both boy jump off , let the tricycles smash into a park car . then they run like hell with Terry Silver bring up the rear . 30 int . caroline and toby's live room - morning 30 caroline be dress casually . Toby have on a shirt and sweater . he be pretend that he 's buck -toothed . caroline finish pack a small suitcase . caroline I want you to be polite to dwight this weekend . toby ( buck -toothed speech ) okay . caroline I mean it , now . toby ( buck -toothed speech ) I say ' okay , ' do not I ? caroline hey , c'mon , maybe the weekend will be fun ... maybe concrete will be pretty . ( continued ) 25 . 30 continued : 30 toby ( buck -toothed speech ) oh , concrete , my favorite town . welcome to beautiful concrete ! caroline and stop that . toby ( buck -toothed speech ) stop what ? caroline sometimes I could kill you as free as I could eat a bite . toby ( buck -toothed speech ) ditto . a car stop and through a window , we see dwight . caroline turn to Toby . caroline please be nice . Toby stop the buck -toothed thing and speak normally . toby all right . 31 ext . road - morning 31 we see dwight drive he shiny buick , caroline and Toby beside he . as the camera track the car with various shot , we hear : dwight ( v.o. ) ... air like wine at my place , and I do not mind say I would not live anywhere else , and that 's the God 's honest truth . there 's good school , honest people , and some of the best fishing in the world . Ted Williams -- you like baseball , Toby ? that be , Jack , I mean -- you like baseball ? ' Cause Ted Williams , whom I believe be one of the all - time great , be also a world - class angler . many 's the day he and I have talk over the best way to get a fish to say yes to a hook . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 . 31 continued : 31 dwight ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) hunting , too : there 's game everywhere you look . I do not think I flatter myself by say that I be something of a whiz with a rifle , and concrete give I every opportunity to prove it ... 32 ext . SMALL bridge - day 32 the three stand by the edge of the bridge , look down into the water . they see salmon fight the last few yard of they yearly battle to spawn . against the rapid current , they leap again and again . Long strip of flesh hang from they body . dwight they always show you salmon fight to get upstream , but they never show you what they look like when they get there . her face strain , caroline lean over for a closer look . the salmon swim in slow , stunne circle , some with a eye miss or hang by a membrane , a hideous sight . caroline it 's pitiful . awful . dwight they will spawn , and then they will die . they be die now . as Toby and caroline move to the passenger side of the car , Toby speak so dwight can not hear : toby I hope to hell it 's not a omen . caroline have to fight back a smile . a33 ext . concrete silo - day a33 the buick drive into town past a enormous disus concrete silo where " welcome to concrete " be paint in huge fade letter . ( continued ) 26a . a33 continued : a33 dwight so here we go . welcome to concrete . dwight 's home sweet home . finest people in the whole state of Washington , you ask I . lot of church , too . a neighbor of mine say , " look for nice church , come to concrete . look for sin , go to hell . " I think that 's funny ... caroline and Toby be severely underimpressed with they first impression of concrete . 33 ext . dwight' house - day 33 dwight 's buick pull to a stop ; dwight , caroline , and Toby get out . the scenery be as beautiful as dwight say it be . dwight all the house be convert Army barrack , make into duplex -- Three child exit the house . skipper , a pleasant boy who be average in every way , be 17 . norma be 18 , slow - speak and sensual , Toby can not take he eye off she . the third be pearl , two year young than Toby . Pearl have a bald spot the size of a dollar , high on the side of she head . dwight well . let 's see here . kid , this be my pretty friend , caroline wolff , and she boy to ... ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . 33 continued : 33 dwight ( cont 'd ) ( he catch himself ) Jack wolff . this be my kid : skipper , Norma and my baby , Pearl . everybody say hello , shake hand , then they all head into the house . 34 int . dwight' live room - day 34 they enter and look around : well , it 's not awful , but it sure as hell be not wonderful . the room be dark , on the small side , and show the lack of a woman 's hand . caroline look a bit take aback , but try to hide it by say the word " nice " over and over . the camera follows they from room to room : dwight okay , so that be the live room ; over here be the kitchen -- I plan on get all new fixture in here -- and down that hall be the three bedroom and the bath . he stop at a extra , no- particular - purpose , nondescript room furnish only by two easy chair and a card table . dwight this be sort of a loung area . ( as nobody say anything ) you know , just in case you want to ... he search , can not think of how to finish the sentence in any impressive way . he give up , finish weakly : dwight ... lounge . skipper snort with laughter , but cut it off when dwight give he a look . Toby , try to be good , bite he lip to keep from laugh . 35 ext . business STREET - day 35 the business area be small and rather forlorn . the six of they walk in pair -- dwight and caroline , skipper and Norma , and last , Toby and Pearl . ( Toby 's eye be glue to the movement of Norma 's body . ) ( continued ) 28 . 35 continued : 35 dwight ( about a gas station ) and over there 's where I work . caroline ( to skipper and Norma ) how about you guy ? you like it here ? they glance at each other . skipper norma Fine . yeah , it 's fine . norma it 's a little isolate , be all . dwight not that isolate . norma well , maybe not that isolate . pretty isolate , though . dwight aw , there 's plenty to do in concrete if you kid would take a little initiative . when I be grow up we do not have t.v. -- we use we imagination . we read the classic . we play musical instrument . you show I a bored kid , I will show you a lazy kid . caroline I do not know you play a instrument , dwight . what do you play ? dwight ( one-half second 's hesitation ) sax . tenor sax . skipper and Norma glance at each other , then look away . caroline take a cigarette from she purse . again dwight jump to she service : we be once more treat to the mini-drama of dwight unsheathe the Zippo from its velvet case , open the top on he pants leg , etc . caroline ( back to skipper and Norma ) how 's the school here ? ( continued ) 29 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 skipper there be not one . we go to chinook . norma chinook High . dwight it 's a few mile downriver . skipper forty mile . dwight come off it -- it 's not that far . skipper yeah , I clocked it : thirty - nine mile . in spite of the fact that he 's eager for this day to go well , dwight 's bottom tooth begin to show . dwight ah , you would bellyache if the goddam school be in you fugging back yard . just shut you god - damn pie-hole . they all shut they pie-hole . the six walk in a tense , uncomfortable silence for five full beat . then Pearl try to help out : pearl I be in fifth grade . nobody seem to care . 36 int . dwight' live room - hour later 36 dwight have recover he good mood . dress in a marksman 's coat with a padded shoulder , dwight be laugh as he attempt to assemble Toby 's Winchester .22 . ( continued ) 30 . 36 continued : 36 dwight ' Turkey shoot ' be just a figure of speech . toby there 's no real turkey ? dwight no , it 's just regulation paper target . it 's a test of skill . ( a beat ) and , Jack , I just find out yesterday that they will not let kid shoot . toby but you say I could ! dwight I know , but they get it all screw up somehow and tell I wrong at first . Toby start to argue , but caroline touch he arm . caroline dwight , you do tell he . dwight ( a edge ) I do not make the rule , caroline . if I make the rule , I might make different one , but I do not make the rule . 37 ext . OPEN field - day 37 a sullen Toby stand with Pearl . dwight be give he name and the entry fee to a man . as the man move away , caroline stop he and hold out some money . caroline wolff . caroline wolff . man you mean you want to enter ? I think it 's against the rule . ( continued ) 31 . 37 continued : 37 caroline well , that sign say this be a n.r.a. club , and I be a due -pay n.r.a. member . that give I the right to participate in the activity of other chapter . man you will be the only woman shoot . caroline just smile . the man shrug , take she money and write down she name . 38 ext . shoot range - day 38 the shoot match have begin . the contestant have ten turn to fire ten shot apiece at a large paper bull 's - eye fifty yard away . the score and ranking be on a portable scoreboard . a contestant finish shoot . there be a pause . everyone watch as he score be raise from behind the concrete wall on which the bull 's - eye hang . the score come : 84 . there be a smatter of applause , and it 's dwight 's turn . from he stance , dwight look as if he be a pretty good shot . he 's nervous , though , because caroline be go to shoot , and he squeeze off he ten shot in rapid succession , hardly pause to breathe . a pause , and then he score be raise : 73 . dwight smile a inappropriate smile and hand the Winchester to caroline . there be a couple of whistle as caroline take she position , and someone in the crowd yell out , " oh , mama , shake that thang ! " caroline ignore it , take she shoot stance , which be surprisingly graceful and professional - look . she shoot she ten bullet , take time to breathe once , deeply , between each shot . the pause , and she score be raise : 93 . there be a moment of surprised silence , and then the crowd give caroline a sincere round of applause . same scene - later dwight look stunne , and Toby be almost equally surprised . ( continued ) 32 . 38 continued : 38 on the scoreboard , we see that caroline be in second place and by only two shot . as the next - to-last round finish , caroline be surround by a few people who be compliment she shoot . dwight 's smile be even bigger : oh , he want to be the one to win . the last round start . a man , evidently the one in first place , head to the shoot alley for he turn . as he pass caroline , try to rattle she , he speak confidently . man that second - place trophy be not bad , honey . caroline ( big smile ) then you will not feel too bad about carry it home , will you ? several people laugh , and the man , best , turn away . everyone turn quiet to watch the man shoot . he be evidently the one who 's nervous , though , for after he shoot and wait , the score be raise : 95 . there be a immediate stir -- caroline can win if she shoot a virtually perfect round . dwight 's name be call . he take he position , but clown around , shoot first left-handed , then right - hand , then with both eye close . his score be raise : 24 . there be scattered laughter , and dwight lead it -- hell , it 's all a joke to he , he attitude say . caroline take she stance . rock-steady , she shoot she ten shot and wait . and then it come : 98 . she 's win . the second - place man wheel away angrily , but everyone else congratulate the laugh caroline , as a official present she with a small trophy of a gold rifle on a pedestal , and a huge ham . in the midst of the hubbub , Toby manage to get close enough to congratulate he mother . caroline glance toward dwight as she whisper to Toby : caroline that be for you , honey . toby ( impressed ) I do not know you be a member of the n.r.a . ( continued ) 33 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 caroline I be a little behind in my due -- thirty - six year behind . 39 int . dwight' kitchen - day 39 caroline , Toby and Pearl enter . Norma be cooking Thanksgiving dinner . dwight walk heavily down the hall to he bedroom and slam the door . norma what give ? toby Mom win the turkey shoot . norma oh , boy . now we be in for it -- he think he 's some kind of big hunter . pearl well , he kill a deer once . norma that be with the car . they all laugh . 40 int . dine room - afternoon 40 though there be some occasional sentence like " could I have the potato , please ? " or " this dress be really delicious , " mostly there be just silence and the noise of silverware on plate . dwight be work hard on the wine . dwight I get just one thing to say . ( as everyone stiffen ) I be sit at the table with the best damn shot in the county ! everybody relax , and general conversation begin . 41 int . dwight' live room - night 41 Norma play " Blue Monday " on a upright piano whilst Toby sing it . after finish the song , Norma launch into " on moonlight Bay . " everybody join in . ( continued ) 34 . 41 continued : 41 Toby and caroline glance at each other and smile . 41a same scene - middle of night 41a caroline , who be sleep on the sofa bed , return from the bathroom . she see that Toby 's awake on he pallet on the floor . she sit on the floor beside he . ( the whole conversation be conduct in whisper . ) caroline so what do you think ? toby they be okay . what 's that bald spot on Pearl 's head ? ugh. caroline some sort of infection . toby Norma 's nice . caroline they be all nice , but dwight keep rush I , keep talk about marriage . and I do not really want to get marry -- not now anyway . toby that 's fine with I . ( a beat ; new tone ) I wish you would have stay marry to dad . caroline oh , do not wish Duke back on I . god. toby that woman he marry ? be she really rich ? caroline like King Midas . okay , look , we will go back to Seattle and see how thing go . I have be think about take a course in stenotype . a court reporter 's pay be real high . Kathy get engage , so either I find we another roommate or I have get to make some more money . and this stenotype thing sound just right . this could turn out good , honey . 35 . 42 int . boy ' bathroom at school - day 42 Toby , Terry Silver and Terry Taylor lounge against the wall , smoking . toby I mean I blow it off , man -- I blow he fuckin ' turkey 's head off . Terry Silver take a long slow drag on he cigarette . the other boy glance at each other : they do not buy it . terry taylor with a .22 . toby fuckin ' A. Winchester .22 . Pump . terry taylor wolff , you be so full of shit . toby do not believe I -- see if I care . terry taylor all a .22 bullet would do be make a hole in he head . Toby take a drag on he cigarette . toby one bullet , maybe . terry taylor oh . oh , I see -- you hit the turkey more than once . while he be fly . in the head . Toby nod . Silver and Taylor howl with laughter . furious , Toby say " fuck you " over and over . he pull out a rat-tail and scratch the word " fuck you " onto the soft paint of the bathroom wall . 43 ext . residential STREET - afternoon 43 Toby stand at the top of a small hill with Terry Silver and Terry Taylor . they be too casual , they face too innocent : something 's up . they wait until a middle - age man rake leave turn and disappear around a corner . then the three of they open the door of a car , take off the emergency brake , and start it roll down the hill . ( continued ) 36 . 43 continued : 43 the car roll silently down the hill . it crash into another car at the bottom , make a loud noise . the three boy run like the wind out of sight . 44 int . caroline and toby's kitchen - night 44 caroline , Toby , marian and Kathy sit at the table eat dinner . kathy ... exactly what I want for my dress . it 's a simplicity pattern , and I be pretty sure I can make it myself . it 's get big puff sleeve ... caroline take out a cigarette . then everybody jump as Toby yell and jump up knock he chair over backwards . toby oh ! Toby grab caroline 's lighter , and begin to imitate dwight : say , " oh ! " and " oh , yes ! " and oh , my ! " and " here , let I ! " and " I will do that ! " it 's a mean , accurate imitation of dwight . all three woman laugh in spite of themselves . caroline keep say " Jack , that 's enough , " and marian say , " dwight 's not that bad . " but they can not help laugh . Toby offer the other two woman a light , then offer a broom , the back door , and the refrigerator a light . 45 int . principal be office - day 45 the principal , mr . shippy , sit behind he desk . Toby , look scared , sit across from he . a secretary let caroline into the room . Mr. shippy rise and introduce himself . caroline do not respond to the introduction . caroline what do he do ? mr. shippy he violate the school property and flout the law . caroline can you say that in English ? ( continued ) 37 . 45 continued : 45 mr. shippy he write obscene word on the wall . caroline ( to Toby ) do you do it ? ( as he shake he head " no " ) he do not do it . mr. shippy ( strong ) he write obscene word on the wall . caroline what obscene word ? mr. shippy ( after a beat ) ' fuck you . ' caroline that 's one obscene word . Mr. shippy look stymy . there be a pause . mr. shippy look , Mrs. wolff , Jack 's teacher , like he but they think he 's fall in with the wrong kind of friend . ( peer at Toby 's hand ) be that nicotine stain on you finger ? ( as Toby shake he head " no " ) I hope not . let I tell you a story : I start smoking in college . two pack a day . I eat them . ( a beat ) one night I go to have a cigarette and lo and behold , the pack be empty . I go downstairs and start to rummage through the garbage can . but as I reach down -- I mean , right down into a garbage can -- I suddenly think , ' whoa . hold on right there , buster . ' I go back to my room and to this day I have not smoke another cigarette . ( more ) ( continued ) 38 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 mr. shippy ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) after that , every day I save the exact amount of money I would have spend on cigarettes . in three year , I put it all together , and you know what I buy ? I buy myself ... ( a dramatic pause ; big finish ) ... a nash ambassador . caroline give a bark of laughter . she bring out a handkerchief and cough , as if she have a cold . Mr. shippy look puzzle . mr. shippy well , back to the point : I think two week ' suspension . 46 int . caroline and toby's house - same day ( later ) 46 caroline and Toby enter the house . caroline go into the bedroom , shut the door . Toby sit on the couch . 46a same scene - night 46a late afternoon sun slant through the venetian blind . Toby sit exactly as he sit before . then caroline come out of the bedroom , ominously calm . she sit down . caroline so what shall we do ? toby what do you mean ? caroline ever since Duke and I get divorced , you be a different boy . I know he never call you and I could kill he for it -- but that 's how Duke be . and Gregory 's in Princeton now , so I guess ... ( refocus ) so what shall we do ? because this be not work . ( a beat ) we barely have enough money , Kathy 's move out , and on top of it all , you have go wild . you lie ... ( continued ) 39 . 46a continued : 46a toby no I do and ... caroline yes , you do . you steal from marian 's purse -- I just can not handle you anymore , and it scare I . I do not know what to do . so , you tell I what to do . toby ( he mean it ) I can be better . I will be . ( it burst out of he ) and I hate the way I be anymore ! I do not know why I do it ! ( a beat ) what about that stenotype thing you be gonna do ? with peculiar intensity , caroline speak in a soft , odd voice : caroline it will not happen . it will not happen . it will not happen . thing be not go to turn out well , thing be not go to start look up , and it 's never go to be like heaven on a June day . there be no uranium . there be no stenotype . there be no c.p.a. license . there be not ... she stand for a few moment as if listen for a far- off sound . caroline ... I talk to dwight : after Christmas , he want you to come up to concrete and live with he for a few month -- go to school there . toby what be you go to do , just give I away to he ? caroline if you two can get along , if it work out , then I guess he and I might get marry . ( continued ) 40 . 46a continued : ( 2 ) 46a the two stare at each other . caroline I can not think of anything else to do . but first I want you approval . again the two stare at each other . toby all right . caroline nod , turn away . 47 int . caroline's live room - day 47 Christmas be over : a few scattered piece of wrapping paper lie scattered on the floor , and a small Christmas tree with bubble - light glow in a corner . caroline shut a suitcase and look at Toby . caroline I put in both you sweater . you wear they now , the night be so chilly up there . toby okay . I will . caroline you do not have to go if you do not want to , honey . toby no , it 's okay . I will go . o.s. we hear a knocking and dwight 's cheery voice . dwight ( o.s. ) here I be , you lucky people ! 48 ext . caroline and toby's house - dusk 48 dwight hustle the bag into the trunk , tell Toby to kiss he mother , and hop into the car , all smile , all cheeriness . the buick pull away , leave caroline white - face and miserable . 41 . 49 int . buick - night 49 dwight take a pull from a pint bottle of whiskey and give Toby a sneering , contemptuous look . Toby reach over , snap on the radio . immediately dwight snap it off . then , in the headlight 's glare , Toby see a dark shape . toby hey , look : be that a raccoon or a beaver . dwight swerve deliberately to hit the animal . there be a sicken thump , and dwight stop . as he back up : dwight go get it -- the pelt 's worth fifty buck , minimum . toby that thing 's probably get raby ... dwight ( low ) get it ! 50 ext . road - night 50 Toby move to where the dead beaver lie on its back , its eye open , in the red glow of the taillight . Toby pick the thing up and lug it back toward dwight , who have the trunk open . 51 int . buick - night 51 dwight be still drink , between swallow , he give Toby sneering glance . dwight be drive very fast . the road begin a series of curve . dwight do not slow down , and the tire begin to scream on the curve . the road run along a steep gorge . dwight increase the speed , and the car begin to fishtail . toby I be a little sick to my stomach . dwight sick to you stomach ? a hotshot like you ? toby I be not a hotshot . ( continued ) 42 . 51 continued : 51 dwight that 's what I hear . I hear you be a real hotshot . come and go where you please , do what you please . be not that right ? yeah , regular man about town . performer , too . that right , Jack ? you a performer ? toby no , sir . dwight that 's a goddamn lie . dwight keep glance from the road to Toby , and back again . dwight if there 's one thing I can not stomach , it 's a liar . toby I be not a liar . dwight sure you be . you or marian . be marian a liar ? she say you be quite the little performer . be that a lie ? you tell I that 's a lie and we will drive back to Seattle so you can call she a liar to she face . you want I to do that ? toby no . dwight then you must be the one 's a liar , right ? ( as Toby nod ) and you be a performer ? toby I guess . dwight you guess ? you guess ? let 's see you act . go on . do you act . ( when Toby be silent ) I be wait . toby I can not . ( continued ) 43 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 dwight sure you can . toby no , sir . dwight do I . I hear you do I . again Toby shake he head , and then gasp as the car skid hideously close to the cliff 's edge . dwight be oblivious to the danger . dwight yeah , I hear you be good at do I . here . do I with the lighter . go on . take it . dwight hold out the velvet - cover Zippo , drive with one hand , and the car be all over the road . dwight put the lighter back into he pocket . the car slow a bit . dwight hotshot . you pull that hotshot stuff around I and I will break every bone in you body . you understand I ? ( a beat ) you be in for a change , mister . you get that ? huh ? you get that good ? ( so scary ) you be in for a whole ' nother ballgame . 52 ext . dwight' house - night 52 dwight 's buick pull to a stop as Norma , skipper and Pearl come out to meet they . dwight be calmer now . dwight skipper , go get that washtub out back , and Pearl , bring the hose around and fill it up . hotshot and I hit a beaver . we will salt he down . skipper and Pearl move out on the run . dwight slit the beaver from throat to testicles , gut it , then pull the skin off . ( continued ) 44 . 52 continued : 52 dwight I know you think you be better than I . caroline tell I all about you rich daddy and you prep-school brother , but you fancy day be over : you be a concrete boy now . I be gonna give you a big injection of concrete . that 's right -- inoculate you . oh , my , yes . you be gonna find out that in concrete we have to be able to do more than sing fat domino song , we work ... skipper and Pearl bring the tub with four blue star paint on its side , dwight plop the skinned beaver into the water . the hairless carcass stand in the tub , its chin on the edge . Pearl shudder and turn away . 53 int . dwight' kitchen - same night ( later ) 53 dwight , Toby , Norma , skipper and Pearl be eat dinner at the kitchen table . Norma speak to Toby . norma you will be in miss Graham 's class ? toby yeah , be she nice ? norma she 's okay . she 's pretty . toby I hate change school . dwight speak of change , I have a talk with Jack on the way up here , and he say he want to be a better boy . and that 's good , ' cause thing be not go well for he in Seattle : the police actually come to he house to talk to caroline about he . uh-huh , the police . pearl ( very low ; to Toby ) criminal . ( continued ) 45 . 53 continued : 53 dwight so here 's what I think : I think idle hand be the devil 's workshop , and so I find we Jack a little something to do . ( to Toby ) I pick up two barrel of horse - chestnut in the park . you can spend you evening hulling them . and I enrol you in the Boy scout , and you have get a paper route , start Monday , every afternoon from three to six - thirty -- pay fifty - five buck a month . what d' you say ? Toby glance around the table , he be subdued . toby I will do it . ( mean it ) I want to be ... better . dwight that 's what I like to hear . okay , you guy get this dish clean up . let 's show Jack how we do it in concrete . 54 int . school room - day 54 miss graham stand in front of the class . Toby be midway back in the room . miss graham ( read ) ' of course I pray -- and do God care ? he care as much as on the air a bird have stamp she foot and cry , " give I " . ' now . what be the tone of this short poem ? girl be it religious ? miss graham no -- even though it talk about God , I would not say it be religious . boy it 's sad . ( continued ) 46 . 54 continued : 54 miss graham well , closer , maybe . but no . there be a pause . finally , Toby raise he hand . miss graham Jack ? toby it 's angry , sort of bitter . miss graham very good , Jack . bull 's - eye . from the front of the room , a tall , thin , effeminate boy , arthur gayle , turn to look at Toby and hold the gaze for three full beat , then turn around and face the front . what the hell do it mean ? 55 int . skipper and toby's bedroom - night 55 the room be dark . skipper be asleep . Toby lie in a cot . dwight lean against the wall near the head of Toby 's bed . he speak in a low , reasonable voice : dwight ... ' cause I do not believe that crap , you know ? I believe there be such a thing as a bad boy -- bad clear through . and it 's gonna be my job to turn you around , to kill or cure . kill . or. cure. understand ? and I be up to the job , oh yes , believe I , hotshot , I be ready , willing and able to take you on -- you and that jibagoo music you like to sing . I be just the guy to knock that music out of you head and put in some respect and obedience . ( a pause ) now you mother have just about wash she hand of you -- that 's obvious , ' cause she 's ship you off up here . I mean , she have have it with you . she tell I : she say ' dwight , I just can not handle he anymore . ' so do not go cry to mama , ' cause mama will not listen . mama be sick to death of she baby boy . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . 55 continued : 55 dwight ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) and you rich daddy warbuck and you Princeton brother do not give a shit about you , ' cause caroline tell I they have not even write in over two year . so it look like I be all you get now -- it 's just you and I . feel sort of inevitable , do not it , hotshot ? it 's like we be fated for each other , like I be the one guy on Earth could set you straight . and do not you ever think I will not enjoy do it , ' cause ... dissolve to : series of short scene to indicate time passing 55 a ) ( afternoon ) Toby deliver papers in a sack fill 55 with papers sling over one shoulder which thud against he hip with every step make he tilt to one side against the weight . 55 B ) ( night ) Toby sit in a utility porch . the floor 55 around he be two foot deep in horse chestnut . with a knife and a pair of plier he husk the chestnut . his hand be cover with scrape and cut and the chestnut hull bleed a juice that have dyed they a bright yellow . caroline ( v.o. ) dear Toby , I sure do miss you , honey -- the house be like a tomb since you leave . so quiet . my only entertainment tonight be watch marian eat a whole pint of ice cream . I hope you be like it up in concrete . I just know you will try hard in school and be good and mind dwight . I worry about you so much , and I hope this will be just what you need . 55 C ) ( day ) Toby rub futilely at he yellow hand with 55 a cloth and watch Norma , who be drying she hair in she bedroom . she bend over so she head be in a patch of sunlight . Toby be rivete by the girl and she hair gleam in the sunlight . ( continued ) 48 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 55 D ) ( afternoon ) again see Toby deliver he papers . 55 he see Arthur gayle come toward he in the street . his hip sway as he walk , and he head tilt to one side . as he and Toby pass one another , he raise one arm and point at Toby . the he walk on . toby ( v.o. ) dear Mom , thanks for the birthday present . it fit fine . you do not have to worry so much . I be okay here . the weather be nice , and I like scout a lot . dwight take we all to see Bridge on the River kwai . I like it . so thing be all right with I , except for stupid Pearl , who I hate . do not worry all the time ... 55 E ) ( night ) dwight introduce Toby at a scout 55 meeting . all the other boy have on scout uniform . 55 F ) ( day ) Toby be on the utility porch husk the 55 horse chestnut . his hand be now orange . Pearl stand in the doorway watch he work . Norma appear beside Pearl . Norma 's face turn sympathetic . norma you remind I of that boy in the fairy tale who have to spend twenty year sifting sand to find a golden needle . remember that one ? Toby do not answer . the two girl move away . Toby sigh , and pick up another chestnut . 55 G ) ( day ) Toby , keep a eye on the door to make 55 sure he 's unobserve , reach under the mattress of skipper 's bed and pull out several billfold - size black and white pornographic photograph . the hair style of the woman in they be decade old . Toby take the photograph into the bathroom , shutting the door behind he . caroline ( v.o. ) dear Toby , just a note before go to bed . dwight tell I that the two of you be get along like a house afire . I be so glad . I want this to work out for you . you leave you sock cap here . do you need it ...? ( continued ) 49 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 55 h ) ( night ) skipper be asleep in he bed . across the 55 room , Toby lie with he portable radio against he head . we hear , very , very softly , rosemary clooney croon " hey , there . " he 's tired . he 's lonely . he 's miserable . dissolve to : 56 int . dwight' live room - afternoon 56 Toby and Pearl be play a card game call " slap - Jack . " Toby slap a card down hard , yell " I win again ! " and Pearl pout . pearl that 's no fair . you make I sick . I do not know why you have to live here , anyway . daddy say we should think of it like you be a charity kid . Toby take out he comb , comb he hair a bit , then hold it out to Pearl , a exaggerated look of innocence on he face . toby wanna comb you hair , Pearl ? Pearl cover she bald spot with one hand . toby probably you do , since you have get such pretty hair . I know if I have hair as pretty as yours , Pearl , I would comb it all the time . Pearl be on the verge of tear . there be three tremen - dously loud flat - footed kick against the front door . dwight ( o.s. ) open the hell up ! I get we a treat ! Pearl open the door revealing a beam dwight hold two dishpan pile high with snow . we see through the doorway that the sun be shine and there be not snow anywhere . pearl we be gonna have snowcream ! 50 . 57 int . dwight' kitchen - later 57 dwight , Toby , skipper , Norma , and Pearl be enjoy the snowcream . dwight ... hear there be a fresh snow this morning , so I drive up to the mountain . I stop in a field where it be all clean . I be finish pack it up high when somebody say ... ( prissy voice ) this 's private property , in case you be interested . ( normal voice ) I turn around and there be this woman ... ( he shudder ) yechh ! ugliest woman I ever see -- ugly as a madman 's ass she be . and frown on top of it . everybody laugh . norma oh , daddy ! dwight she be ! toby ( to Pearl ; soft ; happy ) you be ugly as a madman 's ass . pearl no , you be . skipper what would you say to the ugly woman ? dwight I do not say nothin ' -- I run . everybody laugh again . they eat in silence for a beat . dwight I be gonna get you a scout uniform , Jack . toby ( surprised , pleased ) really ? ( continued ) 51 . 57 continued : 57 pearl can I join the girl scout ? dwight I be get one for I , too . do not believe in do anything halfway . if you be serious about the scout ... ( as Toby nod ) ... then I want you to do it right . we will do it right together . dwight take out a magazine entitle Boy 's life . he hand it to Toby . dwight I get you a subscription to this . I will take the price out of you paper route money . toby Boy 's life ? dwight it 's the official scout magazine . tell about what it mean to be a scout , what kind of boy you need to be , and , oh , about merit badge and stuff like that . Toby open the book at random , read from it . toby ' suggested good turn a scout can do : assist a foreign boy with some English grammar . help put out a burn field . give water to a crippled dog . ' I could do that . dwight Hell , yes , you could . you be a bright kid . I want this scout thing do right , okay ? Toby nod , enthusiastic , happy . 58 int . toby and skipper' bedroom - afternoon 58 Toby stand in front of a full - length mirror wear a huge scout uniform that 's be unsuccessfully cut down for he . ( continued ) 52 . 58 continued : 58 the shirt - sleeve have be shorten but the shoulder extend two inch beyond the end of he shoulder . the pants leg have be cut off and hemmed but the crotch of the trousers hang down three inch too low , give he a stumpy , dwarfish look . Toby yell to someone o.s. toby I be not go . dwight ( o.s. ) the hell you say . toby I be not . cut down skipper 's old stuff , and he 's twice as big as I -- I be gonna stay home . dwight ( o.s. ) you be gonna shit and fall back in it -- that 's all you be gonna do . now get out here . 59 int . dwight' live room - afternoon 59 as Pearl watch dwight also stand in front of a mirror , adjust he hat . he be resplendent in a brand - new scout uniform . Toby stalk into the room . Pearl laugh loudly . dwight ( to Pearl ) shut you pie-hole . ( to Toby ) you look fine . toby I look like a idiot . dwight you act like a idiot , you look fine . toby you say you would get I a new uniform . dwight I say I would try to get you a new uniform . beside , this one be new -- new to you . ( continued ) 53 . 59 continued : 59 toby but look at the sleeve and how it hang down between my leg ! dwight oh piss and moan -- all you can do be piss and moan . toby yeah , piss and moan -- I notice you be all jazze up in new stuff . dwight they do not have second -hand uniform in my size . toby oh , yeah , pull the other leg , it 's get bell on it ! Toby throw himself down on the sofa . dwight and what be you gonna tell caroline this weekend ? you gonna say you would not join the scout because ... he do not wike he widdle uniform ? dwight pick up the copy of Boy 's life and thumb through it , he read : dwight ' no boy give over to dissipation or negativity can stand the gaff . he quickly tire and give up . he be the type who usually lack courage at the crucial moment . he can not take punishment and come back smile . ' dwight look at Toby expectantly . Toby hesitates , then give up . toby all right , but this stink . Toby walk outside . dwight follow . dwight hotshot , you do not know it yet , but I and concrete be in you blood . we be go to make a man of you yet -- and in year to come you will thank I . you will remember I . I and concrete . 54 . 60 ext . caroline's house - day 60 dwight 's buick pull up and caroline burst out the front door . she run to the car and hug Toby . caroline oh , I miss you ! toby I , too . caroline you look good . how be you ? toby I be okay . I be fine . dwight come around the car , kiss caroline , and the three head into the house . caroline I say to hell with the budget and buy a roast . I make dumpling -- God , what 's wrong with you hand ? toby it 's just juice from some chestnut -- it will wear off . caroline I hope so . my , you hair 's short . 61 int . caroline's live room - day 61 dwight , caroline and marian be have a drink . Toby play fat domino be " Blue Monday " on the radio , the volume low . marian ( to dwight ) well , it 's do he a world of good to be up there with you . dwight oh , we have we some pretty good time . do not we , Jack ? have we some good time ? Toby , not look away from the radio , nod . dwight we go to the scout together every week . he 's get a good start already on merit badge ... ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . 61 continued : 61 dwight ( cont 'd ) ( to Toby ) ... though he do concentrate too much on the easy one , like the one for dental hygiene ... ( to caroline ) ... and we have snowcream one night , and , oh , just lot of stuff . caroline glance at Toby , then at dwight , then back again . 62 ext . caroline's house - afternoon 62 Toby and caroline walk slowly , idly down the rail track . Toby avoid she eye . caroline how be it in concrete ? toby it 's fine . caroline School ? toby School 's school . my grade be okay . caroline you have not be in any trouble ? ( as he shake he head ) good . how're you and dwight ? toby he make we all snowcream , like he say . caroline stop that , honey . toby what ? caroline ( stop walk ) well , you have get you eye out of focus . look at I . now , be thing all right ? ( continued ) 56 . 62 continued : 62 toby I be fine . caroline you swear ? you act odd . toby no , I be fine . caroline well , good . I would feel awful if it have not work out . a pause . caroline I tell dwight I would marry he . in two week . I do not know what else to do . I mean , he 's be help I with the rent since Kathy leave . and you need a father . I think it 's the best thing all the way around -- what d' you think ? there be a pause as they look at each other . toby I think it 's the best thing . caroline I think it 's the best thing , too . caroline smile , smooth he hair , then go into the house . Toby continue to walk . suddenly , he spin around and tear out toward the house . by God , he will tell she just what 's be go on . he bang through the front door and up the stair . 63 int . live room - day 63 Toby stop dead as he see dwight and caroline lock in a busy kiss . he stop dead and shrink back into the hallway , defeat . dissolve to : 64 int . skipper and toby's bedroom - night 64 Toby be alone in the room in he Boy scout shirt and hat in front of a mirror . a copy of Boy 's life magazine be open in front of he with drawing of Indians perform sign language . watch himself in the mirror , Toby make a sign . ( continued ) 57 . 64 continued : 64 toby hungry . he make another sign . toby food . he make another sign . toby want . he make another sign . toby great mystery . he make another sign . toby Father . he stare silently at himself in the mirror . a65 int . dwight' live room - day a65 tarpaulin be everywhere . Toby stand surround by seven five - gallon can of paint . carry paintbrush , dwight enter , dress in old clothes sing " in the still of the night . " dwight now that 's a song . not all this elvis presley shit . elvis sing about like I do brain surgery . he imitate elvis -- move he hip slightly and sing a few note : dwight '... uh-huh-huh , my blue suede shoe . ' dwight give Toby a flash of he tooth and Toby smile back . dwight let 's get this place ready for caroline . they begin painting . after only a few stroke , though , Toby look doubtful . ( continued ) 58 . a65 continued : a65 toby it 's so white . dwight I get a good deal on this paint . ( stand back ; appraise ) it will darken up when it dry . 65 same scene - later 65 the wall and ceiling be almost finish , but the paint have not darken . as he paint , he absentmindedly sing " Blue suede shoe . " then he stop painting , as he notice Toby look at the wall . dwight what ? I like it . it look clean . toby yeah , but it make everything else look so dark . dwight 's face change . he have a idea . montage 65 a ) same scene - later 65 on the soundtrack , elvis blast out " Blue suede shoe . " dwight and Toby paint the coffee table and lamp base white . 65 B ) same scene - later 65 dwight and Toby , work faster , be painting the end table white . 65 C ) int . dine room - later 65 the wall and ceiling be white , dwight and Toby be painting the dining table white . 65 D ) omitted 65 ( continued ) 59 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 65 E ) int . kitchen - late night 65 dwight and Toby be painting the cabinet and kitchen table white . 65 F ) int . live room - next morning 65 everywhere we look be white , the wall , ceiling , furniture -- all of it . only the old baldwin upright piano have escape painting . dwight eye it suspiciously . dwight sort of stand out , do not it ? toby yeah , you could say that . 65 G ) same scene - later 65 they paint the baldwin white . dwight hesitates , then start to paint the foot pedal . 65 h ) same scene - later 65 dwight 's face tell we that something still do not suit he . he glance at Toby , Toby nod , and they converge on the piano . 65 J ) same scene - later 65 very carefully , dwight and Toby finish painting the dark ivory key to match the rest of the room . elvis scream out the last line , " you can do anything , but stay off of my blue suede shoe ! " they stand up , look around -- Arctic white be every - where . dwight like it . Toby be less sure . the montage end . 66 ext . dwight' house - day 66 skipper and Norma be carry caroline 's suitcase into the house from dwight 's buick . from inside the house we hear a woman' laughter . 67 int . dwight' live room - parallel time 67 caroline be try to stifle she laughter , as she stare at the wilderness of white . dwight and Toby , skipper , Norma , and Pearl all stand watch . ( continued ) 60 . 67 continued : 67 caroline oh ! oh , I be so sorry ... do not know what 's the matter with I ... you be right ... it do look clean ... but she can not stop laugh . her laughter have just a tinge of hysteria . 68 int . SMALL church - morning 68 dwight and caroline be be marry . caroline wear a pale blue suit , and dwight look good in a navy single - breast . aside from Toby and dwight 's child , the only guest be marian , Kathy , and three people we have not see before -- friend of dwight 's . 69 int . dwight and caroline's bedroom - late night 69 the bed be a rat 's nest of twisted sheet as dwight and caroline make love . he take he lip away from caroline 's breast and move so that he head be at the bottom of the bed . holding she foot up , he kiss the instep , then run he tongue over the same spot and then down under the arch of she foot . a sexy scene . dwight m-m-m . there 's not a straight line on you -- everything 's curve . caroline draw he up to she , and they kiss . then dwight turn caroline on she side , away from he , pre - pare to enter she . caroline make a small sound of protest , turn back toward he . caroline oh , dwight , not like that . not this time -- not tonight . dwight it 's good this way . caroline but I want to see you face while we make love . dwight ( uncomfortable laugh ) oh , no -- I just do not ... uh ... like that way . ( continued ) 61 . 69 continued : 69 dwight continue to stroke caroline , he hand everywhere , but now she be unresponsive . caroline you mean you do not like to make love face to face ? dwight ( same laugh ) no , I do not like it . I can not handle it -- I do not like to see the face . caroline you mean ever ? dwight murmur a assent . caroline be appal . caroline but that 's grotesque ... dwight ( stung ; flare up ) look , you can get it doggie-style or you can get it lay on you side -- that be you only choice . this be my house , and I get to say . wherever mcginty sit be the head of the table , you know ? disgust , caroline turn back away from dwight . he shift down on the bed a few inch , again prepare to enter she . 70 int . kitchen - next morning 70 Toby be eat toast at the kitchen table . Norma have make a big breakfast , and she hurriedly pour the coffee when she hear dwight and caroline 's bedroom door OPEN . norma happy wedding Breakfast ! caroline 's eye be red and swollen . dwight turn on a radio , sip he coffee , and chat with Norma . Toby give Norma 's rear-end a appreciative glance , then come up behind caroline , speak sotto voce : toby so how 's the bride ? ( continued ) 62 . 70 continued : 70 caroline do not. toby the bride do not want to chat ? caroline stop it . toby well , the bride be sure snotty this morning . smiling , Toby wait for some response to he teasing , but there be none . she turn away and sit at the table . 71 ext . residential neighborhood - afternoon 71 Toby , he news bag sling over he shoulder , stand talk idly with two boy from school , oscar booker and jimmy voorhee . one of they say , " uh-oh , " and jerk he head to indicate where Toby and the other boy should look . they look in the direction indicate , and see Arthur gayle come down the road toward they , follow by a small black dog call pepper . as the boy watch Arthur 's approach : toby what 's he name again ? oscar Arthur gayle . jimmy what a homo . toby he sure walk like a girl . jimmy and run like one and talk like one and throw like one . probably take a pee like one too -- just squat right down . toby he smart off to I the other day -- tell I I be a bourgeois . jimmy what the frig 's a bourgeois ? ( continued ) 63 . 71 continued : 71 oscar ( to Toby ) call he a sissy . toby why ? oscar just see what he say . jimmy yeah , do it . by this time Arthur be next to they . smiling a superior smile , he stop and glance at all three of they as if they be just the oddest thing he 's ever see . then he eye fall on Toby 's yellow hand . arthur oh , my , my -- look at all that yellow : do not you mama teach you to wash you hand after you pee ? toby oh , shut up . arthur ( roll he eye ; heavily sarcastic ) now that 's what I like -- a insult with some originality . do you just make that up ? just now ? so clever . toby why do not you take a long walk off a short pier ? arthur ( though he 's not nearly close enough to smell Toby 's breath ) Excuse I , but have anyone ever tell you you breath would gag a maggot ? both of Toby 's friend laugh . toby well , at least I be not a great big sissy ! two thing happen instantly : the superior smile vanish from Arthur 's face , and Toby 's friend exchange a single expectant look : " here it come . " ( continued ) 64 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 without warning , Arthur swing a fist at Toby , catch he on the ear . Arthur 's second blow hit he in the back of the head . the fight be on . Arthur throw punch sidearm , with lot of wrist action , but there be so many of they . before Toby can react , Arthur have hit he four time , include one wild haymaker that put Toby on he knee . while Toby 's still on he knee , Arthur try to kick he in the stomach . the kick be deaden by the papers in Toby 's bag , Arthur bend over Toby , scream as if he have lose he mind : arthur get up ! get up , you son of a bitching maggot gagger ! i'll stomp you gut out ! i'll kill you ! Toby get up , and again Arthur sail in with that wild roundhouse swing . then Toby get in a solid punch to Arthur 's face that rock the bigger boy back on he heel . Arthur grab he head and roar like a wounded buffalo . almost immediately Arthur 's eye puff and begin to swell shut . snot stream from both nostril , still roaring , Arthur fly at Toby again . Toby close with he , to hold that flail arm still , and the two stagger around the street like drunken dancer . they separate , exchange a few blow , then grapple with each other again . then Arthur hook Toby 's leg , trip he , and the two roll off the shoulder of the road and down a embankment . they hit the muddy bottom of the gully still hit , flail , kick -- first Toby be on top , then Arthur , then Toby , then Arthur . by now they be panting , each breath be a heave , a gasp . then , suddenly , Arthur give out completely -- he fall on top of Toby , press he deeper into the mud . with he last bit of strength Toby throw the bigger boy off he and sit up , while pepper bark furiously at he and threaten to nip he leg . Toby stagger to he foot and start to climb the gully . he look relieved -- at least it 's over . no , it 's not . from behind he he hear three word . arthur take it back . ( continued ) 65 . 71 continued : ( 3 ) 71 Toby turn to see a bloody - face , swollen - eye Arthur clamber up the hill after he , like some monster that will not die . both boy reach the top and stand face one another . arthur take it back . Arthur 's word be not angry anymore . Toby 's wear out too ... toby okay . arthur say it . toby okay . I take it back . arthur no , say ' you be not a sissy . ' Toby glance at oscar and Jimmy . they face be gleeful but he do not care what the hell they think . toby you be not a sissy . Arthur immediately turn and walk away , but Toby ignore they and walk away in the opposite direction , deliver he hate newspaper . 72 int . dwight and caroline's live room - late afternoon 72 caroline be painting the white wall a soothing buff color . on the sofa lie half - finish curtain she 's make . she be totally focus . she hear Toby , turn , see he filthy clothes . her shoulder sag . caroline I will not do it , you know . I will not be a referee between the two of you . toby who ask you ? caroline you both do . you do . just by come home like this you ask I to take you side when he raise hell . ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . 72 continued : 72 caroline ( cont 'd ) well , the answer 's ' no . ' I be go to make this marriage work . no fight . toby oh , the bride be calm . who the hell care ? caroline refuse to argue . she pick up a piece of material and hold it up to the window to see if she choice of color be a good one . caroline ( to herself ) ... seem like this place be so ugly . seem like everywhere I look there 's something ... ugly . 73 int . skipper and toby's room - evening 73 a worried Toby sit dread dwight 's arrival . behind he , on the wall , Toby have pin the cover of fifteen copy of the scout magazine : so that , above Toby 's head be the word boy' life fifteen time . there be a murmur of voice , and footstep coming toward Toby . Toby expect the worst . but , surprisingly , dwight be beam . dwight who win ? toby ( surprised ) uh , well , uh ... he 's the one can not see out of one eye . dwight hot damn ! you actually give little Lord gayle a black eye ? toby well , it be not black yet . dwight but it be all puffed up ? ( as Toby nod ) then it be a shiner . ( continued ) 67 . 73 continued : 73 dwight sit down next to Toby , eager for detail . dwight how would it start ? toby I call he a sissy . dwight hoot with laughter and slap he leg . dwight well , he sure 's hell can not sue you for slander . that boy fight for the pink team . do you make he cry ? toby well ... he be just ready to . I call he a big -ass , squat - to - pee sissy . ( as dwight slap he leg again ) I would have win bigger except he hit I when I be not look . dwight ( suddenly serious ) he dry-gulch you . now that 's you fault . you gotta keep you guard up . there 's no excuse for get dry-gulch . I will show you a couple move after supper that will leave miss Arthur gayle wonder what month it be . 74 int . dine room - evening 74 still excited , dwight be hold forth for the whole family . ( we hear thunder of a approach storm ) dwight ... so he say , ' you and who else 's army ? ' ' just the three of we , ' I say . ' I , myself and I .' ( a beat ) well , after school he 's wait for I and he yell something -- I tell you , with people like that , you get to hurt them , gotta inflict pain , or they will never leave you alone . ( more ) ( continued ) 68 . 74 continued : 74 dwight ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) so it be real hot out , okay ? and there be this horse turd lay all over the place . I pick one up and go up to he , but not act tough , okay ? acting more like , ' oh gee , I be so scared , please do not hurt I . ' sort of like this : dwight slump he shoulder , drop he chin , and look up through he eyebrow , a simper expression on he face . dwight so I say , ' Excuse I , but what 's the problem ? ' and he start in on I again , blah , blah , blah , and I jam a horse turd right into that big mouth . then I give he a sucker punch in the breadbasket , and he go down like a ... dwight go on , relishing the story . 75 ext . utility porch - night 75 a steady downpour fall outside the porch . dwight and Toby , both stripped to the waist , be box . dwight be totally serious about this , absolutely sincere . the sweat stream off the two , dwight patiently correct Toby 's movement , or catch the boy 's fist to suggest better form . they foot shuffle , squeak on the floor . dwight no , no . from the shoulder . straight. ( demonstrate ) like this . this . otherwise you leave yourself wide open . ( as Toby try ) yeah , better , better ... and keep that foot move , shuffle , shuffle , that 's right ... now try for my face ... good ... 76 int . live room - parallel time 76 caroline be on the telephone , she voice low . ( behind she , through a doorway , we can see dwight and Toby box . ) ( continued ) 69 . 76 continued : 76 caroline ... not good , to tell you the truth not good at all . ( listen ) no , he 's not mean to I ... ( listen again ) no , he 's good about that : come home right after work every night . ( listen again ) oh , marian , I do not know -- maybe I just get my hope too high , although I do not think so . all I want be a little ... ( search ) ... a little son-of - a-bitch sweetness . that 's all . ( listen ; laugh ) you think so , huh ? you always do have a eye for dwight , do not you ? ( lean back ; watch dwight and Toby ) the thing be , he 's out on the porch teach Jack to box right now . I keep think if I can hang on , thing will settle down . if I can just hang on long enough , it will work out and my kid will have a father . you know ? 77 ext . utility porch - later 77 both dwight and Toby sweat heavily . they lean against a wall , rest . toby you say you would show I how to dry- gulch somebody . dwight okay . now you can always kick somebody in the ball , but I like this one better : what you do be hit them in the throat with the side of you forearm . you wait ' till -- hah ! without warning , dwight lunge at Toby and swing the side of he arm toward Toby 's throat . Toby dodge wildly , fall backward over a box of sport equipment . ( continued ) 70 . 77 continued : 77 dwight now that 's dry-gulch . hit them in the throat , but do it before they be expect it . now you try . toby I be afraid I will hurt you . dwight you will not . toby but I might . finally Toby give a half -heart " hah ! " and swing the side of he forearm toward dwight 's throat . dwight catch the arm easily . dwight come onnn . you be not try . again Toby hesitates , again he say " hah ! " and give a lukewarm swing at dwight 's throat . dwight well , do not go all shy and delicate on I -- you be as sissy as little miss Arthur gayle . yeah -- I will just call you ' Little miss Jackie wolff . ' ooh , my , yes -- hello , Jackie . Toby 's eye flare up , then he lower he head , bite he lip , sniffle a bit . dwight aw , Jesus Christ , if you be gonna -- without warning , Toby lunge at dwight , scream " hah ! " try for the man 's throat . caught off guard , dwight stop the main force of Toby 's arm , but be slam onto the ground stunne . toby you just about get dry -gulch , my man . dwight manage a grin , but he be not happy to have be best . 78 int . dwight and caroline's bedroom - night 78 dwight and caroline lie on the bed , kissing passionately . it be clear that caroline be as excited as dwight . ( continued ) 71 . 78 continued : 78 caroline I know you may think this be silly , dwight , but it seem like ... I do not know , like a emblem or something . I want to be able to see you face when we make love . how else can we be cl -- the rest of the word be jerk out of she as dwight turn she onto she side , away from he , and proceed to make love again in he favorite manner . dwight you just do not know what 's good , sugar . you be too tense . you just relax and dwight will take you on a little trip . okay ? you will have a good time . caroline close she eye . 78a same scene - hour later 78a dwight lean back against the headboard of the bed . caroline sit between he leg , she back against he chest . with one hand , dwight stroke caroline 's hair . the other hand be curl around she throat . dwight ... be the prettiest thing I have ever see . I mean it . you be . the way you hair curl up right there . so pretty . I just love you so much . I do not know what I would do if you ever leave I . I could not take it . ( smile ) guy I know in the navy have a say : ' if you love she , here 's what to do : let she go visit place new . if she love you , she will come back to you . if she do not come back ... hunt the bitch down and kill she . ' ( laugh ) that 's awful , I guess . I do not feel that way , but close . my pretty thing ... we see that caroline realize the enormity of she mistake . 72 . 79 int . dwight and caroline's live room - much later 79 smoke a cigarette and wear a nightgown , caroline walk to the front door . she open the front door and stand look out . then she put she finger on the door and slowly push it shut with one finger . she do this once more . then she do it again . she turn , walk toward Toby 's room . 80 int . skipper and toby's bedroom - night 80 caroline enter and stand by Toby 's bed . she bend over the boy and she start to touch he hair , decide not to . she stare at Toby for a few beat . 81 int . dwight and caroline's bedroom - night 81 caroline enter , look down at the sleep dwight . she get back into the bed and dwight throw a sleepy hand over she . caroline hesitates , but force herself to put a hand over dwight 's . 82 int . dwight and caroline's kitchen - morning 82 through a window , dwight , dress in he coverall , leave for work . caroline be sewing on a machine whilst Toby lean against the kitchen sink . toby ... but ask he again , why do not you ? I hate it so much . caroline ( never stop sewing ) I ask he a week ago , I ask he this morning -- he want you to keep the paper route . toby then make he give I the money . it 's mine , I earn it . it 's $ 220.00 already . caroline he will not . he say he will keep it for when you really need it . toby that 's not fair . I ought to be able to have my own money . ( as caroline shrug ) but it 's mine . ( continued ) 73 . 82 continued : 82 caroline you remind I of a baby bird -- you know that frantic little thing with they mouth wide open , want , want . toby well , at least ask he about my gym shoe again . I can practice barefoot but for game I gotta have shoe . caroline I be not a referee . I will not do it . toby oh , we know , we know : the bride will not argue . the bride will not raise she voice . caroline well , I will tell you what the bride will do : the bride will get up and walk over there and slap hell out of the bride 's son . now do the bride 's son want he face slap ? toby oh , I hate it here ! I wish we could just get up and go . caroline I do not have another ' get up and go ' leave in I ! you understand ? I be tell you I have hit a god - damn wall . I can not run anymore . now this whole thing be not perfect for I , either ... let I impress that on you real strong , okay ? I do not wake up sing every morning . but I be go to make this marriage work -- I will not join in any fight , you get that ? I will not even raise my voice ! caroline point to the sink . caroline see that two rose ? he pick they for I on he way home last night . ( continued ) 74 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 toby Big deal . caroline I be try to concentrate on the good stuff . Norma appear in the kitchen door , wear she cap and gown . she strike a pose . norma what d'ya think ? I think I look like a fool . ( shrug ) who care ? six week to graduation , and California , here I come ! Norma snap she finger and go back to she bedroom . caroline ( lamely ) seriously : you have to concentrate on the good stuff . caroline turn she attention back to the curtain . 83 int . dwight and caroline's live room - same night 83 ( later ) " the lawrence welk show " be on the television . dwight , caroline , skipper , Norma and Pearl and Toby watch a irish tenor sing a lugubrious ballad . dwight stand in a corner of the room , he saxophone to he lip . he 's play along with the music , but silently . occasionally he get overcome and accidentally cause the saxophone to squawk . the irish ballad end , and lawrence welk 's Champagne orchestra strike up a lively polka . dwight take a sip of he drink and grab caroline , pull she to she foot , and begin to dance with she . a polka can be a decorous , contain dance . he dance caroline vigorously around the live room , out into the kitchen , around the table , and then back again . dwight be really good , and caroline match he every step of the way . skipper turn the volume up and dwight kick the dance into a even higher , wilder gear : the kid clap on the beat , the two whirl and stamp and spin . ( continued ) 75 . 83 continued : 83 faster and faster -- caroline 's heel catch a end table and send it spin and faster they go . caroline 's head be throw back ; she 's laugh with pleasure . as the music reach its climax , dwight spin caroline back to the sofa , let she go , and wham ! she land back where she be seat exactly on the last note of the song . amid the general laughter and applause , caroline smile at Toby . caroline ( breathy ) try to find the good stuff , honey . 84 int . dwight and caroline's live room - afternoon 84 dwight and Toby face one another in the live room . both wear they scout uniform . dwight hold a box of chocolate - coat cherries in one hand . toby I be tell you I do not . dwight and I know damn well you do . toby well , you be wrong . dwight about some thing , yeah . not about this . you be a goddam hog , and I prove it . toby how do you know skipper do not eat it ? or Norma ? or Pearl ? dwight I tell all three of they to stay away from this candy for twenty - four hour . toby well , how do you know I even eat any ? dwight ( a triumphant smile ) I count they . you hogge down eleven chocolate cover cherries since yesterday afternoon . ( continued ) 76 . 84 continued : 84 toby so what ? dwight so that make you a hog . I just want to establish that fact , and now I have . caroline and skipper enter , carry throw pillow and material . dwight ( to caroline and skipper ) hey . Mr. hotshot hog and I have just be establish some fact , and what we come up with be this : one , he 's a pig who gobbles down everybody 's candy ; two , he lie about it ; three , he lay around on he lazy ass day and night read , read ; and four , he 's not get any ten-dollar gym shoe . that 's about what we have come up with so far . skipper oh , dad ... dwight ( a high , mincing voice ) oh , dad ! skipper leave the room . caroline sit down , begin to try various material as covering for the pillow . toby ( to caroline ) why do not you ever take up for I ? dwight ( to caroline ) why do not you ever help I straighten that boy out ? caroline do not even look up . she thread a needle and begin to sew . whilst dwight pace around the room . dwight all he do be read or listen to record or sing . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 dwight ( cont 'd ) ( he sing five second of a grotesque " Blue Monday " ) I be so sick of that shit ! and when he be not sing , he 's watch t.v. ( to Toby ) and do not say you do not ' cause when I come home I always put my hand on top of it to see if it 's warm , and it always be . this be the news , kid -- I be wise to you . toby oh , big , big deal , who care , and as long as we be pass out news here , I do not want to do my paper route anymore . dwight I bet you do not -- big lazy candy hog like you would rather lay on he ass and read , would not you ? let I tell you something : you be gonna deliver that papers if I have to walk behind you with a horsewhip ever ' step of the way . toby then give I the money I earn ! dwight Hell , no . I be put that in the bank for you for when you really need it -- cuss I now , thank I later . toby Mom , will not you at least make he let I have the shoe for gym ? how can I play basketball without gym shoe ? I be the only one who -- Toby stop suddenly . he look at dwight for a beat or two , and then speak in a different tone : toby it 's not the shoe , be it ? or the candy . it 's I , be not it ? you just can not stand the fact of I . dwight glance at caroline , who still look at she sewing . ( continued ) 78 . 84 continued : ( 3 ) 84 dwight I , well , no , it 's not that -- I just want you to be well - behave . you rich daddy ' Duke ' do not care anything about you , and so somebody 's get to train you , and one of the thing you have gotta be train about be not to be a hog and eat everybody 's candy like a -- dwight stop short as caroline say one word . caroline oh . dwight and Toby glance at each other nervously . what be this ? caroline ( she eye still on she sewing ; soft ) oh. dwight what 's the matter , honey ? caroline ( louder ) oh. toby dwight be you sick , Mom ? do not you feel good ? caroline oh -h-h-h ! a furious caroline raise she head , double up both fist , and yell . caroline i. will. not. referee . dwight ( take aback ) Jack , I think you have make you mother nervous , so why do not we just go on to scout and let she rest ? ( to caroline ) you lay down and rest awhile . dwight and Toby grab they cap and hotfoot it out the door . 79 . 85 int . scout meeting - night 85 Father and son photograph be be take . dwight be the only father who wear a complete uniform and cap . when dwight and Toby 's turn come , dwight put on a big smile and throw a arm around Toby 's shoulder . dwight check for the tongue tonight -- you forget it last week . otherwise you will not get you life - save badge . 85a same scene - later 85a six boy be lie on the floor pretend unconscious - ness . six other boy , Toby among they , be go through several life - save step such as turn the body over , check for pulse , etc . the boy on whom Toby be work be a heavy , pimple - face lout . Toby check if the Boy 's breathe be obstruct . gingerly , he tug on the Boy 's chin , start to open the Boy 's mouth . suddenly the Boy open he mouth wide , expose a half - chew mass of cheese and cracker . Toby give the lout a knee in the rib . toby bastard . swallow that . boy ( laugh ) give my pud a big squeeze while you be at it , why do not you ? Toby and the life -saver on either side of he laugh a bit . 86 ext . scout hall - night 86 as Toby kneel down to tie he shoelace , a small black dog run up to he . Toby pet it . Arthur gayle , he black eye heal , stand ten foot away . arthur you like my dog ? toby yeah , he 's nice . ( continued ) 80 . 86 continued : 86 arthur smart , too -- he can talk . toby ( smile ) sure -- I just about believe you . arthur hey , pepper -- what 's on a tree ? as pepper bark twice : arthur bark ! Way to go , pepper -- pretty smart . oh , I be wonder , pepper -- I want to ask you something : how 's the world treat you ? as pepper bark once : arthur Rough ! yeah , I know what you mean . toby that 's dumb . a little funny , though . how come you dad never come to meeting with you ? arthur I do not have a dad . never do . I spring full - blow from my mother 's forehead . you want to walk home with I and pepper ? toby sure -- compare to a ride home with dwight , it will be like heaven on a June day . 87 ext . residential STREET - night 87 Toby and Arthur be eat ice cream cone and smoking cigarettes at the same time . they walk slowly , desultorily . though still effeminate , Arthur have drop much of the flounciness that he use in public . arthur ... Tobias ? you real name be Tobias ? Toby ... Tobias ... I like it -- it 's very elegant . ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . 87 continued : 87 arthur ( cont 'd ) my real parent would probably have give I a elegant name , too . I say ' real parent ' because I suspect I be a foundle . somebody royal -- or at least very , very beautiful have I and give I to my poor but honest mother . ( a beat ) tell I more about you . toby ( shrug ) every day of my life feel like a mile on the Bataan death March . arthur ( laugh ) I know I would like you . toby why would you point at I that day ? arthur because you be a alien . you do not belong in concrete any more than I do . this place would like to kill we because we be different . toby oh , come on , Arthur . that 's a little dramatic . arthur think so ? you know what chicken do if one chicken 's bear with a little difference ? with a few black feather on its head , say ? they peck at the black spot ' till the chicken 's dead -- they can not stand the fact that it 's different . now we be both different . you difference be something other than ... ( husky-voice actress ) ... my difference ... ( normal tone ) but we be both alien here . toby I do not exactly feel like a alien . I have get friend here . ( continued ) 82 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 arthur yes , and they be fool . and you act like a fool when you be around they . a prediction : if you stay in concrete , you will wind up work at the a&amp ; p -- either that or you will go on a rampage with a hunt rifle . toby yeah , and you will wind up a recluse that everybody say like to dress up in he mama 's old clothes . arthur ( laugh ) maybe , maybe , but no matter how many time I have to repeat : my primary goal 's to get out of concrete . toby burma - shave ! Arthur and Toby laugh . as they walk on , though , Toby 's face be thoughtful . 88 int . school gymnasium - night 88 Toby and ten other boy be practice lay-up . all the boy , Toby include , wear basketball uniform . all the other boy wear gym shoe . Toby be barefoot . he be however , a smooth , skillful player . 89 ext . edge of town - afternoon 89 Toby toss he last newspaper into a yard , fold he sack , and stand wearily for a few beat . 90 int . utility porch - early evening 90 a large , ugly dog next to the box of baseball bat and glove growls and snap at Toby as he go past . 91 int . dwight and caroline's live room - early evening 91 as Toby enter the room , Norma exit , wear theatrical makeup and a gypsy costume . behind she , drink in hand , sit dwight , wear a suit and tie , watch the television news with the SOUND very low . toby whose dog be that on the porch ? ( continued ) 83 . 91 continued : 91 dwight your . toby mine ? dwight you say you want a dog . toby a collie , though . not this one . dwight well , he 's yours . you pay for he . go get ready for Norma 's play . toby what d' you mean I pay for he ? but dwight do not answer . Toby wait , then shrug and leave the room . 92 int . skipper and toby's room - afternoon 92 Toby get out he book of indian sign . he reach up for he rifle , but it be go . 93 int . live room - afternoon 93 Toby walk in , dwight be petting the dog . toby my Winchester 's go . dwight ( eye never leave the tv ) this dog be pure-bred weimaraner . a champion . toby I do not want it . dwight ( as above ) well , you be purely out of luck , be not you , ' cause that rifle 's on its way to Seattle . toby I want my rifle ! ( continued ) 84 . 93 continued : 93 dwight well , want in one hand and shit in the other -- see which get full first . toby but , dwight , that Winchester be mine . dwight and champ 's you dog . Jesus , I trade some old piece of crap for a valuable hunt dog , and all you can do be piss and moan . toby I be not pissing and moan . dwight the hell you be not . you can just make you own deal from now on . 94 ext . house - afternoon 94 Toby sit on the front stoop . caroline approach carry grocery . she notice Toby 's expression . caroline what 's wrong ? toby dwight trade my rifle for a dog . he say the dog 's for I , but it 's some stupid dog he want . for a moment caroline do not respond . then she nod she head . caroline all right . okay , dwight . you stay here . do not come inside . Toby nod . caroline head inside , load for bear . 95 int . kitchen - afternoon 95 Norma , dress up for she play , and Pearl be set the table . dwight be fix himself another drink . caroline enter , put down the grocery , and go to the dish cabinet . calmly , in total control , she take a plate and smashes it against the countertop . ( continued ) 85 . 95 continued : 95 caroline ( calm ) get he rifle back . dwight but that dog 's a champion ! caroline calmly smashes another plate on the countertop . caroline get he rifle back . dwight be I suppose to go clear to Seattle just to get ... before he finish the sentence , caroline smashes a glass on the countertop . caroline get he rifle back . dwight Jesus Christ , woman , I do not even know the guy 's last name . caroline pick up a bowl . dwight all right , all right . the guy 's suppose to send the a.k.c. papers . when he send them , I will know he name and address , and I will go get the god-damn rifle back . Jesus . caroline exit leave dwight , Norma , and Pearl with they mouth open . 96 ext . house - evening 96 caroline walk to Toby , sit next to he on the stoop . caroline well , I do it -- and the bride do not even raise she voice : he say he will get the rifle back as soon as the guy who sell he the dog send the papers . Toby nod . caroline look up at the evening sky and then shrug . ( continued ) 86 . 96 continued : 96 caroline ' course , have see that dog , I would not suggest you hang by you thumb ' till that papers come . I mean , that dog be ugly . Toby give she a dirty look , but caroline 's smile make Toby grin . caroline that 's nice -- I have not see a real smile out of you in a month . toby oh , Mom , can not we leave here ? I hate it so much . you do not like it either -- all you do be stick you head in a sewing machine night and day . let 's just leave and start over someplace else . caroline ' start over . ' do you know how many time I have start over , sweetheart ? I do not want to do it anymore . this be as far as I want to go . this place . I have to make this work somehow . we do . you be fourteen now -- you have to help I . toby but if ... caroline but I no but , honey . I tell you : I have hit a wall . and besides , it 's not so bad here , if you just try to -- toby if you say ' look for the good stuff , ' I be gonna get dwight 's 30/30 and shoot myself ! caroline seriously , though : give the place a chance . give he a chance . toby great . just great . what a life : I gotta live with dwight ... I get a sissy for a new best friend ... ( more ) ( continued ) 87 . 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 toby ( cont 'd ) I get no rifle ... I get no gym shoe ... caroline well , look on the bright side ... you get a dog . in spite of he disappointment over the rifle , in spite of all that caroline have say about stay with dwight , Toby be happy to see caroline completely back to she old self again , joke with he . he grin and , with the palm of he hand , he give she shoulder a gentle shove . she return the gesture . and the two of they sit on the step , stare into the twilight . 97 int . arthur gayle' live room - day 97 Arthur be play the piano . he and Toby sing a old song call " I wander today to the Hill , maggie . " both of they be enjoy it . as they finish the song , Arthur say a dry " will you be able to use you musical ability at the a&amp ; p ? " Toby laugh and give he a hard elbow in the rib . 98 int . toby's room - night 98 Toby be use a nail clipper over a wastebasket when he hear : dwight ( o.s. ) heh hotshot ! he look up just in time to see a flashlight fly through the air toward he . he catch it . dwight stand in the doorway . dwight if you can tear yourself away from you pedicure , I want you to fetch I some of that paint from the attic . dwight switch the room light off . toby yeah . dwight be now too soon . toby God ! 88 . 99 int . dwight' attic 99 dwight and Toby be look for something . they both shine flashlight around the dark attic , illuminate old magazine , doll , etc . dwight say , " I know I put them up here somewhere . " then Toby 's flashlight land on the unusual tub with the four blue star which have hold the beaver . forgotten all this time , the beaver have transmogrify into a weird , two - foot high pile of what look like cotton candy . and , hideously enough , the cloud-like stuff be still in the shape of the beaver . then dwight say , " shit -- the roof must have leak on them . " Toby turn to where dwight shine he flashlight on the ten box of chestnut . also forget , the chestnut be cover with mold , too -- but a different kind : this be wet , slick - look stuff that rise off the chestnut like dough in a breadpan . a spasm of rage cross Toby 's face , and he turn and bang out of the attic . 100 int . dwight and caroline's live room - night ( later ) 100 a drink in one hand , idly fondle champ 's ear with the other , dwight be watch the news . on the television we see a distraught lana Turner and she daughter , Cheryl crane , as the teenage girl be lead into a tall building . while we see this , and then a photograph of a stockily handsome italian man , we hear : newscaster ( v.o. ) ... Cheryl crane , daughter of lana Turner , be hold for question today in the stabbing death of johnny stompanato , miss Turner 's companion . a spokesman for miss Turner say today that the stabbing be a accident , and that miss Turner 's daughter will not spend even one night in jail for what the spokesman call a ' tragic accident . ' suddenly aware of another presence in the room , dwight turn and see Toby , who be stand in the doorway , also listen to the newscast . Toby be not watch the television , though , he be stare fixedly at dwight . dwight react then glance back at the set , where the stompanato murder story continue . he turn slowly back to Toby , whose eye be still lock onto he face . the SOUND on the tv fade . 89 . 101 int . gymnasium - night 101 a whistle fade up . Toby 's basketball game against the Van horn team be start . alone among all the other player , Toby wear he street shoe . heavy squarish brogan , they clomp , and thud as Toby run up and down the court . the leather sole slip like skate on the highly - polished floor , and Toby fall repeatedly . at first the crowd be silent , collectively embarrassed at the boy wear this strange shoe . then Toby take a particularly hard fall , and somebody laugh . the crowd in general take it up , and soon there be general laughter whenever Toby 's shoe squeal particularly loudly , or whenever the shoe trip he up or cause another boy to stumble . soon one woman' high - pitched laugh dominate the gymnasium . the laugh be hideous , shrill and mindless , like some ringer plant in the audience of a situation comedy . Toby see Norma neck with some guy and be horrify . Toby slip and slide , fall and rise . all the while he expression be hard as stone : he will get through this or die . and , like a mantra , he mutter one phrase over and over : " gotta get out , gotta get out , gotta get out , gotta get out . " finally he make a basket . one voice from the audience yell out " okay , kid -- way to go ! " and then two or three people applaud . instant later , Toby catch a rebound and make another basket . the fickle crowd decide to love a underdog and applaud heartily for the boy in the funny shoe . but Toby 's expression never change . 102 int . dwight' garage - same night ( very late ) 102 the buick , roll silently down the driveway push by a strain but cautious Toby . champ run into the street , Toby try to shoo he away . the dog bark once , and Toby quickly open the car door and let he in , starting the engine . 103 int . buick - late night 103 Toby drive fast leave concrete behind . he turn the radio on , and a voice bawl out " oh , maybelline , " Toby turn the volume up , turn it up again , so that the music be distorted . Toby begin to accelerate . the needle creep past ninety , and hover close to one hundred . ( continued ) 90 . 103 continued : 103 tree flash past in the headlight , occasional car be overtaken and pass in a instant . Toby start laugh hysterically and sing loudly along with the throbbing music . the buick begin to shudder and wobble -- Toby hit the brake but the buick spin and go sideways into the ditch . silence . 104 ext . buick - late night 104 the car be catch so that two of the wheel be off the ground , and can get no purchase . Toby start walk back toward concrete . 105 ext . road - late night 105 Toby and champ have be walk a long time . a truck come from behind Toby , pull over . driver that you car in the ditch back there ? ( as Toby nod ) how would you do that , anyway ? toby it 's hard to explain . driver get in . 106 ext . buick - very late night 106 the man be winch the buick out of the ditch . 107 ext . dwight and caroline's house - dawn 107 Toby silently close the garage door , the buick inside and head for the house . 107a skipper and toby's room - noon 107a the clock show noon . Toby be in bed read Boy 's life , hold a sandwich and try to stay awake . suddenly dwight appear . dwight put he hand into he pocket , lean against the doorway . ( continued ) 91 . 107a continued : 107a dwight you mother say you be sick . feeling better ? toby yeah , I be . dwight good , good . get some sleep , do you ? toby yeah , I sleep about four hour . dwight must have need it . a pause : dwight oh , by the way , you do not happen to hear a funny pinging noise in the engine , do you ? toby what engine ? dwight I be downtown with champ a few minute ago , and I meet a guy who recognize he . Said he would see my dog this very morning . told I a interesting story of how he and the dog happen to meet . what d' you think about that ? toby I do not know what you -- suddenly dwight be across the floor and onto the bed . he straddle Toby and slap he across the face with the leave hand then the right , again and again . Toby hold a forearm protectively across he face . dwight hold both Toby 's hand with one of he and , slap the boy 's face again and again . finally Toby manage to get he right hand loose . he slam he forearm across dwight 's throat . dwight rear back , choke and gag . Toby throw off the cover and try to run . still choke , dwight grab the back of Toby 's hair and force the boy 's face down against the mattress . ( continued ) 92 . 107a continued : ( 2 ) 107a then he double up he fist and slam it into the back of Toby 's neck . Toby go rigid with pain . dwight stumble up gasp for breath . dwight only I . on this whole earth , to straighten you out . and I will do it kill or cure . now get you ass up -- you be go to school . 108 ext . high school - noon 108 a bell ring as dwight 's buick screech to a stop and Toby get out . as he head toward the door . Toby then turn to stare at dwight 's car . they lock eye , then dwight smirk and pull away . Toby watch the car disappear , then spin around and walk into the school . fade out . fade up to : 108a same scene - afternoon 108a the camera be in the exact same spot . the school seem a bit seedier , and two newly - plant sapling establish in the previous scene be both eight foot taller , with wide spread branch . student pour out the door . among they Toby , taller and a bit heavier , he now wear black leather boot , and a pack of cigarettes roll into the sleeve of he T-shirt . his hair be still pure elvis . Toby come back out the door with four very different friend . chuck bolger , the most reasonable - look of Toby 's companion , be the son of a minister . a second boy , know as psycho , be a hulk boy with a tendency toward sadism . jerry huff be handsome in a pouty , heavy - lidd way . his elvis pompadour be even higher than Toby 's . arch cook be a amiable simpleton who sometimes talk to himself or laugh for no reason . Toby and he four friend pile into Chuck bolger 's ' 53 chevy , and they peel out . 109 int . chuck bolger be car - noon 109 as the car barrel through downtown concrete , we see a movie marquee read ... ( continued ) 93 . 109 continued : 109 ... the apartment , and a five foot poster that say , " elect JOHN kennedy , 1960 . " in the back seat , psycho pour vodka into a half empty can of Hawaiian punch , then take a huge swig . psycho ( scream it ) ag - hhh ! gorilla blood . jerry oh , psycho , shut up . chuck ( point ) oh , look -- there go Carol baumgarten . ai not she sweet ? she 's hot for wolff . toby I wish . chuck wo not do she any good , though -- Jack 's save himself for rhea Clark . toby knock it off . jerry you know what he say about rhea ? Said even the inside of she arm turn he on . you slay I , wolff . she be pretty though . arch ( after a pause ; wistful ) I would sure like to eat rhea Clark 's pussy . there be general laughter , mix with groan . jerry psycho chuck God , here we eatin ' pussy Jesus , give it go again . be all that a rest , arch . man know . arch no , I mean it . I would like to get down and really grovel on it . spend about a week with my face right in it . ( continued ) 94 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 there be a pause while all the boy dwell on this think . it sound good to they . psycho aghhh , pussy ! 110 ext . dwight and caroline's house - late afternoon 110 Chuck bolger 's car screech to a halt , and Toby exit , follow by a empty Hawaiian punch can which someone toss after he . Toby give a wave , start toward the house , and the car lay rubber , while over that we hear psycho scream , " agh - h- h ! " 111 int . dwight and caroline's kitchen - late afternoon 111 Pearl be set the table and sing the everly Brothers hit , " bye , bye , Love . " the passage of two year have improve Pearl . her bald spot have grow back in , and she have learn to fix she hair and use makeup . she smile and nod to Toby , never stop she sing for a moment . Toby stand next to she and sing harmony for a few note . it be clear that they relationship have improve . Toby stop sing . toby where 's Mom ? still sing , Pearl point to the live room . 112 int . live room - early evening 112 caroline be watch a newscast of John Kennedy and Harry Truman at a press conference outside Truman 's Missouri office . she hear Toby , turn to he . we see that the last two year have mark she . she 's change . her expression be fix , almost as if she be wear a mask . even the word be cheerful , but some of the old optimism be go . caroline oh , honey , good news -- Truman 's go to campaign for he . ( lower she voice ) I give twenty - five dollar to he campaign office today . I have be think I would like to work ... she be interrupt by dwight 's voice o.s. ( continued ) 95 . 112 continued : 112 dwight ( o.s. ) here I be , you lucky people ! Toby and caroline exchange a glance . it speak volume . 113 int . kitchen - night 113 dwight , caroline , Toby and Pearl sit at the table , eat - ing . champ sit by dwight 's chair -- obviously he dog . dwight seem unchange by the two year . just now , dwight be in the middle of tell another of he " dwight be the best " storey . from the bored face around the table , this be another in a long series . dwight ... so the s.o.b. have be on my back for a week at work , okay ? sayin ' I steal he wrench , a ' pour oil all over he tool , as if ! anyway , he go just one step too far with old dwight , okay ? spat on the floor as I walk by . I turn around and walk back to he , act so dainty and humble and scared , you know , all innocent -- and the minute he take he eye off I , blam , I dry gulch he ! I shut he water off good ! never give I another second 's grief to this very day . there be a pause . one more story . nobody have much of a reaction . caroline I hear Kennedy on the news again tonight -- I do not know : I hate the Democrats and the Republicans , but then once in a while somebody come along who do not seem like ... ( she search ) ... a liar . dwight Kennedy -- the senator from Rome . caroline he give I hope . dwight I know what he give you , and it sure as hell be not hope . ( continued ) 96 . 113 continued : 113 caroline ( laugh ) it 's true he be attractive ! and it may just be that white tooth that I respond to . but I do not think so . ( a beat ) I be go to work for he campaign . dwight no. too many Republicans in this town . they hear my wife 's work for the Democrats , they will take they car someplace else to be fix . bad idea . no . there be a brief silence . suddenly caroline lean across the table and speak to dwight in a loud , exaggerated disappointed whine : caroline oh , rickyyy ! ( louder ; same whine ) oh , ricky - y-y ! please let I come down and work at the club ! dwight what the hell be you do ? caroline well , you treat I like Lucy , I will act like she . I will be work for Kennedy 's campaign . 114 int . live room - same night ( later ) 114 the four of they be watch " the untouchable . " we watch as a frighten man speak to Al capone , who sit behind a large desk . frightened man ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) ... please , Mr. capone , it will never happen again , I swear it . it be a accident . I can promise you faithfully it will not be repeat . finally Al capone speak . he lean across he desk , bug out he eye , and hiss : ( continued ) 97 . 114 continued : 114 al capone ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) why do not you take a little ride with Frank ? the man 's eye bulge with fear , and he cry , " no ! no ! " as two man escort he out the door . in the next shot we see a long black car park on a country road , and we hear a shot . 115 int . bathroom - same night ( later ) 115 Toby be brush he tooth when dwight enter . toby I will be through in a minute . dwight look around . dwight you leave the lid off the damn toothpaste again . toby ( not look at he ) oh , dwight , be that the best you can come up with ? angere , but keep he voice low . he push Toby 's shoulder . dwight this be my bathroom , and I say about the toothpaste , get it ? ( push again ) huh ? have you ? huh ? now if you live with you daddy Duke and he rich wife , maybe thing would be different , but he 's not here now , be he ? ( high , flutey voice ) oh , Duke ? Duke , be you here ? dukie ? oh , how sad -- Duke 's not here . oh , boo hoo ! ( normal voice ) my bathroom . I get to say . get that ? still Toby do not respond -- dwight reach out and pinch the skin on Toby 's waist , hard . Toby still do not respond , when dwight begin to twist it . Toby spin around , eye blaze . ( continued ) 98 . 115 continued : 115 dwight come on . oh , come on . give I a excuse . Toby hesitates , then leave the bathroom , humiliate . 116 int . hallway - night 116 Toby exit the bathroom , then see caroline in a doorway . she 's hear it all . they look intently at each other . Toby nod and walk on down the hall . 117 int . toby's room - instant later 117 furious , Toby throw himself onto the bed , and snap on a read light . ( behind he , the wall be now completely paper with the front page of the scout magazine , so that we see the word boy' life boy' life boy' life boy' life repeat one hundred and twenty time . ) then Toby take a slick brochure from under he pillow -- it 's a bro - chure of Princeton . photograph of beautifully tend lawn , and student on they way to class . Toby stare at the photograph , smoothing the page carefully , long - ing in he face . 118 int . school bus - next morning 118 Toby bang onto the bus , throw himself into a seat beside Arthur . he hand a grade card to Toby . arthur you do not pick this up yesterday -- congratulation , you get nothing higher than a c. toby shut up . he sign the grade card , say , " Presto . " arthur you be gonna get catch some day . ( as Toby laugh a moronic laugh ) you act more like that moron you hang around with every day . aghhh ! I be psycho ! I be retarded ! ( continued ) 99 . 118 continued : 118 it 's a good imitation of psycho , and Toby laugh . toby he hear you do that , you be dead . hey , lemme copy you math homework . arthur no , but I will show you how to work the problem . toby I tell you I be thirsty , you offer I a sandwich thank you and fuck you . arthur oh , Jack . toby oh , jaaack ! arthur I take it back you do not act like psycho , you act like dwight . toby ( new tone ) I know it . he 's win . I do act like he . I feel like he sometimes . I have gotta get out of this place or I be a dead one . arthur I know , but you have say that for two year . toby I mean it . I may go live with my brother Gregory in Princeton . arthur you mean the brother Gregory in Princeton who never call you ? that brother Gregory ? toby he write I . arthur and he ask you to live with he ? ( continued ) 100 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 toby no . but I be go . or maybe I could go to a prep school like Gregory do . like my dad do . arthur what about you grade ? and what would you use for money ? toby I do not know . dwight owe I over twelve hundred buck ! if I have not let he keep my paper route money , I would be okay . arthur if the dog have not stop to pee , he would have catch the rabbit . suddenly Toby be angry . he stand up , move to another seat . toby I think dwight be right about you I think you fight for the pink team . Toby fall into another seat , then , pull he head back and bang it against the window . then do it again , harder . 119 ext . residential neighborhood - afternoon 119 his mood even fouler , Toby toil at he paper route . he throw the papers against the house with all he might . suddenly Chuck bolger 's car screech to a stop next to Toby . we hear psycho 's " arghhh ! " and Toby climb into the car . 120 ext . derelict crusher plant - night 120 we see the concrete silo dimly - light in the distance . we can read " welcome to concrete " on it . Toby be lean against a wall in a large derelict concrete plant stare at the silo . behind he be a small campfire where the other guy be slump around talk . Toby take a long , angry pull on a bottle of whiskey , then turn around and head toward they . ( continued ) 101 . 120 continued : 120 arch nobody in you family ever even be in a corvette , let alone own one . chuck you wait and see if I do not get one . I be gonna move down to Seattle , get a job at bendix and drive a ' vette to work every day . jerry my uncle can have any car he want . he make big buck as a electrician . arch yeah ? how big ? jerry hundre seventy - five a week , take home . psycho bullshitter ! jerry fuck you , it 's true . chuck even the supervisor at bendix do not make that . jerry so how be you ever gonna make enough to drive a ' vette then , fuck - face ? the other all laugh at Chuck . Toby have reach the group and stand on the lip of the large wooden platform that they be on and listen while lean on a large hook . psycho I be gonna drive a t-bird , someday . chuck a ' I be gonna own a corvette if I have to hold up the bendix payroll to get it . jerry fuck you . ( continued ) 102 . 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 arch me. I want to eat a big red-haire pussy . the other all laugh at he . Toby regards they with a sneer . toby loser . what a bunch of loser . chuck who you call a loser , fuck - face ? toby all of you . ( to Chuck ) you be gonna drive a fairlane just like you daddy do . ( to psycho ) how you ever go to drive a thunderbird when you be a janitor like the rest of you family ? ( to Jerry ) a ' you can forget be a electrician , you can not even pass tenth grade math . jerry well fuck you . who die a ' make you King shit ? psycho yeah , you be no better than we . toby I know that , psycho . that 's my point : ha , ha , ha . you guy be my buddy . you guy be my pal . and my dear old dad 's call dwight . ( he spread he arm wide ) welcome to concreeee ... Toby topple over and fall down a bank of rubble . the other burst out laugh and hoot . the camera move off they and crane down to a spread - eagle Toby 's face . the laughter echoes around the building . Toby begin to laugh , but it soon turn to bitter tear . dissolve to : 121 omitted 121 103 . 122 int . kennedy campaign office - day 122 Toby enter the small office where caroline be run hundred of flyer on a duplicate machine . surprise she see Toby 's expression . caroline what be it ? toby I call Gregory at Princeton . ( as caroline react ) he 's send I application for prep school . I need you to take I to Seattle to take some entrance exam . caroline would a prep school take you with , uh , you school record ? toby I have get to get out of here , Mom . I have get to . I have get to get away . caroline when be the test ? toby Saturday . caroline you will be there . toby he will not let you have the buick . caroline you will be there ! 123 ext . lakeside school in seattle - day 123 graceful building , green lawn , a carillon chiming . Toby walk toward a large building . 124 int . / ext . testing room - day 124 twenty - three boy and Toby stand wait restlessly for the test to begin . Toby look very different from the other intelligent look , well - breed boy in he elvis hairdo . 103a . 124a same scene - later 124a all the boy be take the test , work hard . 125 int . dwight' buick - late afternoon 125 caroline turn as Toby get into the car . caroline how be it ? toby hard . I think I do okay . I will know Monday . 104 . 126 int . dwight and caroline's kitchen - evening 126 dwight sit at the table , a drink in he hand . caroline hurriedly prepare dinner . she toss a milk carton into a brim waste basket , then speak to Toby , who enter the room . caroline take that trash out for I , honey . Toby grab the trash and exit . 127 ext . rear of dwight and caroline's house - evening 127 Toby open a metal trash can , dump the trash , put the lid back on , and then hesitates . he lift the lid again and peer into the trash can , almost hide , be the tip of four white envelope make of heavy , expensive paper . he pull they up and , though cover with tomato seed , be undamage . 128 int . kitchen - evening 128 Toby walk in , fan out the four envelope , speak to caroline . toby my application form must have come today , and he throw they away . dwight hey , I think I be help he -- think I would save he some trouble ' cause he 's get no chance of get into some fancy prep school . caroline you have always get you nose press up against the bake shop window , do not you , dwight ? dwight what ? caroline you feel like everybody else be inside , and you be stick on the outside . it turn you mean . it turn you ugly . and one day do you hear I , dwight ? one day all that ugliness be go to snap back and hit you in the face . ( continued ) 105 . 128 continued : 128 dwight ooooooh , oh , I be so scared . oooh . 129 int . toby's bedroom - same night 129 Toby have the application open in front of he . we see the word " official transcript required " on one application . on another we see space for the ap - plicant to list " Community service " and " athletic achievement " and " foreign Travel " and " Languages . " Toby look despairingly at the form . 130 int . school hallway - morning 130 between class , Toby and Arthur be at a row of locker . arthur I will not do it . toby but why ? you work right in the office -- nobody will ever know . arthur I be surprised you would want help from anybody who fight for the pink team . toby I be ask you to help I , man . I get word yesterday that I do really well on that test -- but that 's not enough . I have get to cheat and lie -- but I do not care : this be my one chance to get out of here ! arthur no . why should you get to be the one ? why not I ? 131 int . school workshop - day 131 Toby be work with a table see . suddenly a two -inch - thick manilla envelope plop down beside he . he look up to see Arthur stand beside he . glancing around to see that he 's unobserve , he check the content of the envelope : we see school stationery , blank transcript form , and a stack of official envelope . Toby close he eye . he 's save . ( continued ) 106 . 131 continued : 131 toby you could leave too , you know . arthur no , I have grow progressively fond of concrete . I think I will stay here all alone and dress up in my mama 's old clothes sometimes -- like you say . Arthur turn and swishes away . Toby pat the manilla envelope , turn back to the see . suddenly he jerk , look down , and see that the ring finger of he leave hand be spurting blood . Toby say a mild , astonished " hey , " and sink to he knee . 132 int . typing lab - same day ( afternoon ) 132 with he hand bandage Toby sit at a typewriter with a blank transcript . he carefully type " tobias wolff . " then , he begin to type the letter " a " in every slot for grade . 133 ext . STREET - evening 133 Toby mail five letter . 134 int . toby's bedroom - day 134 Toby lie in bed read the paper . he still hold he hand in the air ( the white bandage be now dingy ) . caroline appear in the doorway . caroline come help I stuff envelope . toby I will do some this afternoon . caroline no , I need to take they with I . toby I will be in in a minute . let I finish this article . ( continued ) 107 . 134 continued : 134 caroline Boy , you irritate I . ( new tone ) I think maybe you ought to ... yeah -- I think maybe you should just ... ( hiss ) ... take a little ride with dwight . Toby laugh , and get up to help she . 135 ext . dwight and caroline's house - early evening 135 Toby start up the sideway , Pearl exit the house with several letter in she hand . pearl ' you get letter from that school ! ' Toby grab they as if they be the very stuff of life . Pearl stand expectantly . Toby notice she , then walk off hold the letter to he chest . 136 ext . field - early evening 136 Three letter lie crumpled on the ground . Toby sit with he back against a tree trunk . slowly Toby open the fourth letter . another refusal . Toby toss it onto the ground with the other , lean he head back against the tree trunk , and close he eye . 137 int . dwight and caroline's live room - night 137 dwight , caroline and Toby read the papers . caroline notice Toby 's sad face . caroline maybe that last school will come through . dwight yeah , or maybe he will get a contract in the mail ask he to be a sing star on t.v. ( on caroline 's look ) well , he 's get about as much chance of one as of the other . Toby get up and leave . 108 . 138 ext . concrete - same night 138 a beauty shop with a tired sign ... " arlene's golden comb beauty salon , " a beer joint , a pool hall , a woman 's clothing store with headless mannequin . Toby survey the scene , with a expression of despair . Toby catch he reflection in a store window . he stare at himself . toby a concrete boy . 139 int . a&amp ;p grocery store - evening 139 Toby , wear khakis , a shirt and a tie stand before the store manager . manager we only take boy who really want to work hard . be that you ? ( as Toby nod ) I would want you to start evening now , and I would want you all summer -- no vacation . ( as Toby nod ) food service work be not easy . it 's not something that come to you in a year or two . so . you think you have what it take to be a a&amp ; p management trainee ? toby ( straight ) that 's exactly what I have get . 139a same scene - later 139a Toby now wear a regulation black bow tie and a apron . a employee be show he how to price , stamp , and stack can goods . Toby 's face be expressionless . 140 int . dwight and caroline's live room - late afternoon 140 dwight be listen to a perry como album . caroline and Pearl work on a jigsaw puzzle . Toby enter the kitchen , come from he paper route . he put down he paper sack and immediately put on he black bow tie , prepare to go to the a&amp ; p . ( continued ) 109 . 140 continued : 140 pearl I can not find where this green piece go -- it 's gotta be grass . dwight sigh with irritation at the interruption of he listen pleasure , and turn up the volume on the record . caroline ( to Toby ) do not go off without eat . toby I will get a sandwich after work . exasperate that conversation be continue when he 's try to listen , dwight reach over , press he hand down on the arm of the record player , then scrape it back and forth on the record . it 's a violent action , and it make a grotesque SOUND . the needle bounce around on the scar record . as the three of they stare at he , dwight speak calmly : dwight I be try to listen to a record . dwight rise , walk outside into the back yard . then the telephone ring . Pearl answer it , listen , then say , pearl " yeah , he 's here , " she hold the receiver out to Toby , whisper , " be you Tobias ? " toby hello ? all right . tomorrow , then . Goodbye . Toby hang up , turn to caroline , quietly : toby it 's Hill School -- the last one I apply to . they have not accept I , but they be send somebody up to interview I . caroline upset the puzzle get up to hug Toby . 110 . 141 int . drugstore - afternoon 141 Toby be sit in a booth with mr . howard , a man in he late thirty . Toby have make a real attempt to look good . his hair be modify , and he wear a tie and a suit . toby ... yeah , I enjoy my class , especially the one that be advanced , but I have be feel a little restless lately . it 's hard to explain . mr. howard well , you be probably bored . not be challenge . you application be very good , Toby , but we have many boy who want to go to Hill . not everybody be comfortable at a prep school . toby I think I would be . my father and brother go to prep school . mr. howard be that right ? where ? toby deerfield and Choate . Mr. Howard be impressed . mr. howard I see . well , maybe you would like it . Hill be difficult for I , though -- class be hard , and the boy seem cold -- interested in money and social position . ( laugh ) and I hate that snowy Pennsylvania winter ! but then in my last year , something change . the guy in my class grow close , so close that I still think of they as a second family . toby ( honest ) I want that . I do , and -- ( continued ) 111 . 141 continued : 141 he stop talk as we hear , o.s. , " AG -h-h-h ! " psycho and arch have enter the drugstore . Toby 's back be to the door , and he slouches deeper into the booth , praying that he will not be see . arch and psycho buy cigarettes . arch ... so she say , ' no , I do not want you to do that , ' and I say ' oh , baby , let I get down and grovel on it . ' I mean , I eat she pussy ' till my tongue be callouse , and then ... arch move toward the back of the store toward the area where Toby sit . Toby inch down a bit farther into the booth . arch stop at a sunglass rack five foot from Toby and try on a couple of pair . arch ... so anyway , she go off like a Roman candle -- I mean that woman can scream . I say , ' you like that , do not you , baby ? ' I say , ' you like the old arch cook special , do not you ? ' arch decide to let the sunglass go . he and psycho move toward the front of the store , he talk about pussy . Toby exhales . mr. howard Toby , boy at Hill talk roughly sometimes too -- you would have to be ready for that . I can see you have have sort of a shelter life . Toby nod he head . 142 ext . drugstore - afternoon 142 Mr. Howard shake Toby 's hand . mr. howard you seem like a fine boy , and I will give you a good report tomorrow . but there be lot of boy apply , and we will just have to wait and see whether -- from o.s. , we hear dwight 's voice , and Toby go rigid . ( continued ) 112 . 142 continued : 142 dwight ( o.s. ) ohh , it 's the hotshot Boy . both Mr. Howard and Toby turn to see dwight , wear he coverall , ten foot away . dwight yeah , it 's the guy who think he know everything . thinks he 's so smart , but fella , what you do not know would fill a book . ( glance at Mr. Howard 's new chevrolet ; offhand ) General Motors make shit car . dwight turn and enter the drugstore . toby ( weakly ) that 's , uh , that 's this guy ... he 's a mechanic ... do some bad work on we car ... it 's not much of a explanation , but Mr. Howard seem to buy it . he say goodbye to Toby , get into he car , drive away . Toby stare after he . dissolve to : 143 int . a &amp ; p grocery store - night 143 a few week have pass . Toby ( he elvis hairdo further modify ) again price and stack food . his face be serious , he manner industrious . 144 int . dwight and caroline's kitchen - afternoon 144 Toby walk in ; he elvis hair disappear . Pearl , who be boil hot dog , turn : pearl I know something will make you feel good : that man call -- you get the scholarship . Toby grit he tooth and clenches both fist victoriously . he 's win . ( continued ) 113 . 144 continued : 144 pearl he say they be gonna give you two thousand three hundred dollar a year and it cost two thousand five hundred dollar ... so you gotta come up with the other two hundred . great , huh ? ( sympathetic ) I be make hot dog -- I will make one for you . can you put mustard on some bread for we ? Toby get a jar of mustard from a cupboard , but it 's empty , so he toss it on top of the trash can , get a new jar and start to open it . dwight enter . pearl what be you do home so earl ... oh ! Toby he get that scholarship -- two thousand and three hundred dollar ! dwight make himself a drink , take two large swallow , then turn to Toby . dwight hey , leopard . I say , ' hey , leopard . ' I know you , leopard -- I can see that spot you can not change . ( laugh ) thinks he can go to some fancy prep school and fool everybody . not a chance . I know a thing or two about a thing or two . Toby will not rise to the bait , and dwight fall silent , he , look around and see the jar of mustard on top of the trash . dwight who throw that away ? toby I do . dwight why ? toby because it be empty . ( continued ) 114 . 144 continued : ( 2 ) 144 dwight retrieve the bottle . there be a few streak of mustard under the neck of the bottle . he hold it close to Toby 's face . dwight empty ? that look empty to you ? pearl it look empty to I . toby it look empty to I , too . dwight push the jar against Toby 's eye , leave mustard stain on the boy 's face . dwight look again , hotshot . be it empty ? Toby jerk he head away , not answer . dwight slam down the jar of mustard , grab Toby by the back of the hair and force he face down against the mustard jar . pearl dad ! dwight ( to Toby ) now. now , Mr. Big - time prep - School fucker , be it empty ? Toby struggle , but dwight have the strength of anger : try always to protect he throbbing finger , Toby pull free and jump up from the table . dwight be too quick for Toby , though : he grab a even bigger handful of hair and force Toby 's face down onto the mustard jar again and again . and again . each time he ask if the jar be empty . finally , Toby give up . toby ( muffle ) no , it be not empty . dwight ( let he go ) all right -- clean it out . his face smear with mustard , Toby 's expression be murderous . he pick up a knife and scrape at the mus - tard , try to get up under the neck . he manage to get a few brown and yellow smudge on the knife , which he transfer to the edge of a plate . dwight watch . ( continued ) 115 . 144 continued : ( 3 ) 144 dwight now . be it empty ? slowly he stand up and face dwight . toby yes ! dwight slap Toby across the mouth and the battle be on . as Pearl stand freeze , Toby lunge at dwight , they grapple and stagger around the room . glass shatter , the kitchen table crash over , and they foot stamp and shuffle but Toby be a wild man . even though he have only one good hand . he land a blow between dwight 's eye that bang the man back against the wall . dwight grab the pan with the hot water from the hotdog , fling it at Toby . most of it miss . again they grapple . Toby manage to throw dwight down , then grab a broom that have fall to the floor , press it against dwight 's throat , use he good hand and one knee . dwight 's mouth gape wide , he eye bulge , and he jerk himself frantically try to dislodge Toby , but Toby hang on like grim death . desperate , dwight grab Toby 's bandage hand , bring it close to he own face , and bite the stump of Toby 's injure finger as hard as he can . Toby and Pearl scream simultaneously . Pearl in horror , Toby in pain . Pearl run into she bedroom . Toby reel back in pain , hold he freshly - bleed hand . dwight take he chance , grab Toby by the throat , force he down onto the floor and begin to choke the boy . Toby 's eyelid begin to flutter . he 's lose consciousness . wham ! from out of nowhere a baseball bat hit dwight flat across the shoulder blade , knock the breath out of he , stun he momentarily . as he look up , we see caroline , one of the baseball bat from the utility porch draw back , aim at dwight 's head , ready to strike again . caroline ( level ) get away from he or I will kill you . Toby manage to stand up , caroline speak to both of they . caroline what be this ? ( continued ) 116 . 144 continued : ( 4 ) 144 toby I get the scholarship and he go nut . he 's crazy , and I be leave . ( scream it ) I be leave ! dwight great . go! toby give I my paper route money , and you will never have to see my face again . dwight ( manage a smile ) that money be go with the wind . ( as Toby stare ) that 's right . I spend it as you make it . it 's go . poof. Toby start for dwight again . caroline grab he , say , " no . no. no , " over and over , literally drag Toby away from dwight . caroline look at dwight . caroline it 's not so much that you be disappoint -- it 's that you be consistently disappoint . dwight oh , fancy , fancy talk -- fancy talk for a whore . I know a thing or two about a thing or two . I get friend in this town that tell I thing , and I find out some man down at that campaign headquarters find you a job in Washington , D.C. gonna run off with he , be not you , miss Whore ? caroline he 's just a friend . dwight miss liar . miss Whore liar . toby I be leave , Mom . you can leave , too . you do not have to stay here . ( continued ) 117 . 144 continued : ( 5 ) 144 caroline take three full beat and then she face change . she speak wonderingly : caroline I do not , do I ? toby no , you do not . caroline I could leave with you , could not I ? toby yes , you could ! dwight what about I ? caroline I could just walk right out that door , could not I ? toby yes , you could ! caroline take a deep breath , a weight have be lift . caroline my God ... the lightness . dwight what about I ? caroline I be leave , too . dwight no. caroline oh , dwight , why do you want I to stay ? you do not even like I , not really . dwight you be not leave ! caroline ( gentle ) look again , dwight -- I be already go . ( continued ) 118 . 144 continued : ( 6 ) 144 dwight make a terrible noise of frustration and rage , double he fist , and start toward caroline . immediately Toby grab the baseball bat and hold it out , ready to strike , as the two begin to back toward the door . dwight ... you two have always sided in against I , always think you be better than I . I try . I do the best I could . what about I ? be I suppose to just crawl off in a ditch someplace and die ? I have always be the nigger . everybody 's nigger . ever since I be little . caroline and Toby be at the door , run across the yard and down the street . dwight stand in the doorway , yell : dwight what about I ? when be it ever dwight 's turn for some consideration ? what about I ? I will tell you one thing -- you will remember I ! 145 ext . field - minute later 145 caroline and Toby slow to a walk after run , laugh , and catch they breath . caroline man , oh man . toby man , oh man , oh man . caroline well , we be out . toby great , be not it ? caroline yes . it 's great . and you get the scholarship ! congratulation , honey . ( continued ) 119 . 145 continued : 145 toby yeah , I be out ! I be outta here ! maybe I will crash and burn , but it 's a chance , so I be go ! I be history , histoire . nobody 's gonna tell I what to do now , nobody . I be free as a bird . sayonara nest . ( yell it ; really bawl it out ) Heaven on a June day ! caroline 's smile become fix during Toby 's speech and she begin to regard he oddly . caroline ( weakly ) yeah , heaven on a June day ... toby what would he say about you have a job in d.c .? caroline oh , helen find I something in a real estate office , but ... toby so now you can go ! oh . oh ! I be so damn glad to get out of this place ! I will be in ' fourth form . ' do not that sound great ? and if you get a two -bedroom place in D.C. , I can come for vacation and summer . I be out . I be out ! caroline 's eye well up , and she light a cigarette . toby ( notice she 's upset ) what ? oh , do not cry -- he 's not worth it . as sad as she be , caroline smile ... toby she hold Toby at arm 's length and study he . caroline my you have grow , have not you . then clutches he to she fiercely . smiling , the two walk on through the sunny afternoon , sing softly to each other . 120 . 146 ext . bus station - day 146 caroline and Toby stand next to a bus as the driver start the engine . she be close to tear . caroline be you sure you will be all right ? toby ( nice ) get on the bus . caroline ( stuff bill into he pocket ) I borrow money from everybody I know -- it 's the two hundred you need for the tuition , and a extra fifty . buy yourself a blazer . oh , God . I will miss you . I will write you . you sure you hand 's okay ? toby get on the bus , Mom . caroline put she arm around Toby , kiss he cheek hard , then whisper something into he ear . when Toby speak , he word be full of love : toby I know that , Mom . I have always know that . caroline get onto the bus , the door close , whoosh and the bus pull away . we see caroline 's face at a window . as the bus recede , Toby turn and walk in another direction . his face be shine , incandescent with happiness . he break into a wide grin . fade out . the end