thor : ragnarok written by Eric pearson and Craig Kyle &amp ; Christopher L. yost 1 omitted 1 a2 omitted a2 a3 the marvel logo . smoldering , beginning to turn orange in the a3 heat as we tilt up to see - - FIRE . nothing but FIRE . 2 int . tight space - indeterminate time 2 Dark and cramped . the soft red light of fire seep through iron slat . Inside this cage be a man , bound by chain . it 's thor . his beard be long and he clothes be wear . that rough , grizzle look of a man who 's spend year on the road . he awaken with a jolt . look around . thor now I know what you be think . oh no ! thor 's in a cage . how do this happen ? ( then : ) well , sometimes you have to get capture just to get a straight answer out of somebody . it 's a long story but basically I be a bit of a hero . see , I spend some time on earth , fight some robot , save the planet a couple of time . then I go search through the cosmos for some magic , colorful infinity Stone thing ... do not find any . that 's when I come across a path of death and destruction which lead I all the way here into this cage ... where I meet you . reveal that he 's talk to a weird alien skeleton in chain . thor ( cont 'd ) how much longer do you think we will be here ? noise . sound of metal gear turning . suddenly the bottom drop out ! thor plummet until - shlink ! chain cinch and abruptly halt he descent . thor dangle six foot off the ground . pull back to reveal we be in - blue draft 05/20/16 2. 3 int . surtur' lair - continuous 3 a cavernous space . the wall , floor , and ceiling be molten rock , which have creepy glimmer of fire within it . station in the center be a volcanic rock throne , and sit in that throne be a char demonic skeleton . surtur ( o.s. ) thor , Son of odin . thor 's chain turn to reveal - - surtur on he throne . eighteen - feet-tall , flesh make of fire , and demonic spike horn on he skull . thor surtur . Son of a bitch ... you be still alive ! I think my father kill you , like , half a million year ago . surtur I can not die . not until I fulfill my destiny and lay waste to you home . thor you know , it 's funny you should mention that because I have be have this terrible dream of late . asgard up in flame , fall to ruin , and you surtur be at the center of all of they . surtur then you have see ragnarok , the fall of asgard . the great prophecy -- thor ( o.s. ) hang on . hang on . reveal that thor 's chain be turn very slowly . thor ( cont 'd ) I will be back around shortly . I really feel like we be connect there . after a beat , thor rotate around to face surtur . thor ( cont 'd ) okay , so , ragnarok . tell I about that . walk I through it . blue draft 05/20/16 3. surtur my time have come . when my crown be reunite with the eternal flame , I shall be restore to my full might . I will tower over the mountain and bury my sword deep in asgard 's -- thor oh , hang on . give it a second . once again , thor be turn very slowly . thor ( cont 'd ) I swear I be not even move , it 's just do this on its own . I be really sorry . ( then : ) okay , let I get this straight . you be go to put you crown into the eternal flame , and then you will suddenly grow as big as a house -- surtur a mountain ! thor the eternal flame that odin keep lock away on asgard ? surtur grin , evil . surtur odin be not on asgard . and you absence have leave the throne defenseless . that elicit a concerned look from thor . thor okay , so where be it ? this crown ? surtur this be my Crown , the source of my power . surtur point at the v-shape horn on he head .. thor oh , that 's a crown ? I think it be a big eyebrow . surtur it 's a crown . blue draft 05/20/16 4. thor anyway , it sound like all I have to do to stop ragnarok be rip that thing off you head . surtur stand up and approach thor , dragging he sword . surtur but ragnarok have already begin . you can not stop it . I be asgard 's doom , and so be you . all will suffer , all will burn . surtur step forward and grab the chain above thor 's foot , hold it so he and thor be face to face . thor that 's intense . to be honest , see you grow really big and set fire to a planet would be quite the spectacle . but it look like I be go to have to go with option B where I bust out of this chain , knock that tiara off you head , and stash it away in asgard 's vault . surtur you can not stop ragnarok . why fight it ? behind he back , thor open he hand . send out the sos . thor because that 's what heroes do . nothing happen . thor appear annoyed at himself . thor ( cont 'd ) wait , sorry . I do not time that right . ( pause ) and , now ! boom ! thor 's hammer mjolnir crash through the wall ! thor break free from he chain , grab mjolnir , spin , and fly a distance away . he fling mjolnir back at surtur , smash the giant in the face . mjolnir return . surtur you have make a grave mistake , odinson . blue draft 05/20/16 5 . the wall come alive ! a seemingly infinite swarm of FIRE demon rally to surtur 's aid . thor I make grave mistake all the time . everything seem to work out . in the shadow , a massive FIRE dragon roar . the fire demon surge forward . thor back up , hammering away . he then leap back , springboard off the wall , and - - land hard , slamming mjolnir down . the result shockwave knock back the legion of FIRE demon . the Fire Dragon strain against a chain leash . thor be now face off with surtur . surtur thrust he hand at thor , generate a humongous projectile wall of FIRE ! thor spin mjolnir so fast that it create a kind of shield . the God of Thunder and the Fire giant engage in ferocious hand - to-hand combat . each landing power shot , send spark of both fire and electricity into the air . thor slip behind surtur and take out he knee . thor then launch high into the air and summon a huge lightning bolt . descend hard , he use all he power to - - lop surtur' head off of he body ! surtur 's body deflate and collapse into a heap of char bone . thor strap the crown skull to he back . he turn to find - - the army of Fire demon regroup as reinforcement flood in , fill the space to capacity . recognize the threat , thor thrust mjolnir above he head . thor ( cont 'd ) heimdall . I know it 's be a while , but I could use a fast exit ! nothing . thor just stand there as the Fire demon advance . thor ( cont 'd ) ... heimdall ? 4 int . the observatory - same 4 heimdall be nowhere to be find . instead , we meet skurge . he 's bald , strong , mean look , a little eager to be like . blue draft 05/20/16 6. at the moment , skurge be entertaining two asgardian women . skurge heimdall be a idiot . this job should have make he rich . now , the job be not easy , but it do have its benefit . the bi-frost give I access to everything the nine realm have to offer . I mean it 's all mine for the take . ( beat ) behold ... my stuff . skurge have draw they attention to a pile of weapon and treasure he have stashed off to the side . he heft up two m - 16 assault rifle , try to play it cool . skurge ( cont 'd ) I be particularly fond of this . I pull `em out of a place on midgard call Texas . I even name they . Des and Troy . you see , when you put they together ... they destroy . 5 int . surtur' lair - continuous 5 have expect to have be bi-frost out of there , thor be overrun by the giant wave of FIRE demon ! the Fire Dragon break free of its chain . realizing he 's in trouble , thor take off , rocketing up to - 6 ext . muspelheim - continuous 6 thor crash out of the ground and land on a craggy surface . disorient and singe from the fire demon onslaught . thor 's cloak be on fire , and he frantically pat out the flame . he pick up mjolnir , hold it up once more . nothing . thor heimdall , come on . the ground shake ! like a earthquake . thor back up as the ground begin to give way all around he . and then - - the fearsome FIRE dragon burst out of the ground ! the dragon open its tremendous jaw for a ear-splitt roar ... blue draft 05/20/16 7. ... but thor stuff mjolnir into its mouth and let go . thud ! the hammer drop , pin the beast down by its bottom jaw . it thrashes and growls , try to break free . thor ( cont 'd ) stay . ( look up to the sky :) I be run short on -- thor notice that all around he the ground be crumbling like a field of sinkholes give way to more snarling Fire demon ! thor ( cont 'd ) - option . thor call for mjolnir and take off . the dragon screech ! 7 omitted 7 8 omitted 8 9 int . the observatory - same 9 skurge continue show off for the lady . thor ( o.s. ) heimdall ? behind skurge the bi-frost start moving . one of the woman notice the bi-frost glow . asgardian woman skurge , be that important ? skurge turn and notice the bi-frost activity . skurge you girl be in for a treat . angle on heimdall 's sword , which have be sloppily cast aside in another pile of " stuff . " skurge hastily run and grab it . 10 ext . muspelheim - continuous 10 thor be flying at top speed , but that dragon be right on he heel ! the fire demon launch flame projectile from below ! thor look back , genuinely nervous . the dragon be open its jaw to swallow thor whole when - - suddenly bi-frost open ! the portal surround thor and engulf the dragon 's head ! in a instant , they be go . blue draft 05/20/16 8. MAIN title 11 int . the observatory - moment later 11 skurge have plunge heimdall 's sword into bi-frost . boom ! thor explode out of the portal along with the severe head of the dragon ! splat ! blood and gut rain down on skurge and the two woman , drenching they with purple gore . the dragon 's head slide slowly across the floor , come to rest right in front of the woman who be freeze in shock . the woman shriek and rush out of the observatory . thor meanwhile be clean and staggering back to he foot . he look up to skurge , who be wiping dragon gut off of himself . skurge Girls ! ( beat ) well well , look who decide to pop in . thanks for scare away my company and drench my workplace in brain . thor who be you ? skurge do not you remember ? I be skurge . ( thor do not ) we fight together on vanaheim . thor right . where 's heimdall ? skurge that traitor . no one know , he 's a fugitive of the throne . thor traitor ? skurge yeah , you see , odin charge heimdall with negligence of duty , but he disappear before the trial . hard to catch a guy who can see everything in the Universe . thor start to say something , but then give up . instead he start towards the exit ... but skurge stand in he way . blue draft 05/20/16 9. thor sure . skurge hold on . I be suppose to announce you arrival . thor spin up mjolnir and take off in a blur . skurge start the loooong run down the rainbow Bridge . 12 omitted 12 a13 ext . theater entrance - day a13 thor arrive with surtur 's skull . there 's a small crowd make its way through a threshold over which stand a monumental statue of loki , arm out - stretch in the `savior ' pose . confused , thor turn to a theater patron . thor what the hell be that ? 13 ext . asgard - royal terrace - patio - moment later 13 loki fall into frame , gasping for breath ... although it 's not loki . this be actor loki and we be watch a stage play . in the background , a single musician play the haunt score from thor : the dark world on a pan flute . suddenly , actor thor lean into shot , hold actor loki . actor loki oh , brother . this be it . I take my leave . actor thor you fool , you do not listen ! actor loki I be sorry . actor thor Lady sif ! get help ! " sif " awkwardly run off . the " Warrior Three " watch sadly . a small choir join in as the music build to a crescendo . actor sif somebody help ! blue draft 05/20/16 10 . in the middle of the audience we reveal odin , sit upon a chaise lounge , sip wine and thoroughly enjoy the show . unseen , thor arrive behind the audience and watch . actor loki sorry for all I have do . actor thor it 's all right . hold on . actor loki I be sorry I try to rule Earth . actor thor they would be lucky to have you . actor loki I be sorry about that thing with the tesseract . I just could not help myself . actor thor I know . actor loki I be a trickster . actor thor so mischievous . actor loki sorry about that time I turn you into a frog . actor thor it be a wonderful joke . odin ( to no - one in particular ) twas indeed hilarious . actor thor you be the savior of asgard . actor loki tell my story . actor thor I will . actor loki build a statue for I . blue draft 05/20/16 11 . actor thor we will build a big statue for you . actor loki with my helmet on , with the big bendy horn . actor thor I will tell Father what you do here today . odin mouth actor loki 's final line along with he . actor loki I do not do it for he . actor loki then " die " . actor thor noooooo !!! the brother freeze in a tableau as actor odin step forward . actor odin and so loki die of he wound , give he life for ours . he fight back that disgusting dark elve . he bring peace to the realm . he take a 4 - year -old boy , painted blue , into he arm . actor odin ( cont 'd ) loki , my boy ...` twas many moon ago I find you on a frost - bitten battlefield . thor watch , incredulous . he then notice that a woman next to he be openly sobbing at the play . actor odin ( cont 'd ) on that day , I do not yet see in you asgard 's savior . no . you be merely a little blue baby icicle ... that melt this old fool 's heart . the crowd erupt in rapturous applause . the player bow . odin stand up , lead the crowd in this stand ovation . odin bravo ! bravo ! well do . bravo . thor Father . blue draft 05/20/16 12 . odin see thor take a knee . curse under he breath : odin oh , shit . ( then , announce ) my son ! thor have return ! greeting my boy . odin go through a weird internal transformation . his fluidity be replace by a rigid and regal posture . he bat away he maiden and turn to thor , who stand up . thor it 's a interesting play . what 's it call ? odin the tragedy of loki of asgard . the people want to commemorate he . thor indeed they should . ( provoking ) I like that statue . a lot better look than he be when he be alive , though . a little less weasely . less greasy maybe . odin sour , mask he agitation . thor hold up the skull . thor ( cont 'd ) you know what this be ? odin ( adr ) the skull of surtur ? that 's a formidable weapon . thor approach a e-guard and hand it over . thor do I a favor . lock this in a vault so it do not turn into a giant monster and destroy the whole planet . odin so it 's back to midgard for you , be it ? thor start yo - yoing mjolnir , turn back to odin . thor nope . I have be have this reocur dream lately . ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 13. thor ( cont 'd ) every night I see asgard fall into ruin ... odin that 's just a silly dream ... Signs of a overactive imagination . thor possibly ... but then I decide to go out there and investigate . and what do I find , but the nine realm completely in chaos . enemy of asgard assemble , plotting we demise , all while you , odin , the protector of that nine realm , be sit here in you bathrobe , eat grape . odin well , it be best to respect we neighbor ' freedom . thor of course , the freedom to be massacre . odin yes , besides , I have be rather busy myself . thor watch theatre . odin board meeting , and security council meeting ... thor you really go to make I do it ? odin do what ? thor spin mjolnir and then hurl it off into the distance , grab odin by the back of the neck . odin 's royal attendant gasp in shock . the einherjar bodyguard rush thor , but he kick they away . thor you know that nothing will stop mjolnir as it return to my hand . mjolnir stop mid-air and start rocketing back . blue draft 05/20/16 14 . thor ( cont 'd ) not even you face . odin you have go quite mad . you will be execute for this ! mjolnir approach at a terrifying speed as odin struggle . thor then I will see you on the other side ... brother . the jig be up . a shimmer illusion dissipate , revealing : loki alright , I yield ! thor drop loki to the ground and catch mjolnir . loki look to thor , hand up defensively . skurge arrive on the scene , a little late to warn loki . skurge behold ! thor.. odinson . loki you have one job ! just the one . thor where 's odin ? loki you just could not stay away , could you ? everything be fine without you . asgard be prosper ( gesture to the crowd ) you have ruin everything . ask they . that who be not freak out be become gradually angrier . thor advance on loki , who back up onto the chaise lounge . thor where 's father ? do you kill he ? loki you have what you want , you have the independence you ask for ! thor presses mjolnir onto loki 's chest . blue draft 05/20/16 15 . loki ( cont 'd ) ow -ow -ow ! alright ! I know exactly where he be . 14 omitted 14 15 omitted 15 16 omitted 16 17 ext . shady acre nursing home - manhattan - day 17 a nursing home sign on a brick wall . suddenly the wall crumble out of shot , revealing a demolition site . reveal thor and loki wear street clothes . thor carry a umbrella , loki be dress in a weird avant - garde suit . loki I swear , I leave he right here . thor right here on the sidewalk ? or right there , where the building that 's be demolish ? great plan . loki how be I suppose to know ? can not see into the future . I be not a witch . thor then why do you dress like one ? loki hey . thor I can not believe you be alive . I see you die . I mourn you , I cry for you . loki I be honore . college girl 2 ask he . college girl 1 hi. would you mind take a picture with we ? blue draft 05/20/16 16 . thor sure . ( to loki : ) start figure out where he be . college girl 1 oh , my god . college girl 2 sorry to hear that Jane dumped you . thor she do not dump I , you know . I dumped she . it be a mutual dump . thor notice something go on around loki . thor ( cont 'd ) what 's this , what be you do !? loki look down to see that the sidewalk have start to glow beneath he ! a circle of ancient symbol . loki this ... be not I . whoompf ! loki drop out of sight , vanish through solid concrete ! thor see a card on the sidewalk where loki be . thor poke the business card . thor loki ? he pick up the card . it read : 177a bleecker Street thor pick up the card and - whoosh ! 18 ext . sanctum santorum - day 18 thor approach 177a bleecker Street . he knock once , twice , and then whoosh ! 19 int . sanctum sanctorum upstair parlor - continuous 19 thor be suddenly inside Doctor strange 's lair ! blue draft 05/20/16 17 . strange ( o.s. ) thor odinson . from a dark corner we glimpse a shape - doctor strange . levitate , he drift towards thor . strange ( cont 'd ) God of Thunder . thor hold up the ratty umbrella , ready to defend himself . strange ( cont 'd ) you can put down the umbrella . thor give strange a sideways look but then set he umbrella down . when he look back up , the environment be furnish . thor so earth have wizard now ? strange the prefer term be " master of the mystic Arts . " thor alright wizard , who be you ? why should I care ? strange my name be Doctor Stephen strange and I have some question for you . take a seat . thor and strange be now sit in high - back chair . strange ( cont 'd ) tea ? thor now have a cup of tea in he hand . thor I do not drink tea . strange what do you drink ? thor not tea . thor now have a stein of beer in he hand . he drink it throughout the scene , but it always stay full . blue draft 05/20/16 18. strange so I keep a watch list of individual and being from other realm that may be a threat to this world . you adopt brother loki be one of this being . thor he 's a worthy inclusion . strange then why bring he here ? thor we be look for my father . strange so . if you be to tell you where odin be , all party concerned would promptly return to asgard ? thor promptly . dr . strange great . then I will help you . thor if you know where he be , why do not you call I ? dr . strange I have to tell you , he be adamant that he not be disturb . you father say he have choose to remain in exile . ( beat ) and you do not have a phone . thor no , I do not have a phone , but you could have send a electronic letter . it 's call a email . strange yeah , do you have a computer ? thor no . what for ? ( beat ) anyway , my father be no longer in exile . so if you could tell I where he be , I can take he home . blue draft 05/20/16 19 . dr . strange gladly . he 's in Norway . strange stand up and suddenly they be stand by a book - case . strange take down a ancient book , flip through it . strange I be just see whether this incantation require any asgardian modification . thor reach out to the bookcase to steady himself . strange ( cont 'd ) nope . suddenly they be both across the room at strange 's work station . because thor be touch the bookcase , he have magically bring it across the room as well . strange ( cont 'd ) oh , we do not need that . suddenly thor be back across the room . book fall off the shelf and thor 's beer spill . he be queasy and unsteady from the teleport . thor will you stop do that ? strange I need just one strand of you hair . thor let I explain something , my hair be not to be meddle wi-! strange be behind thor , he pluck a strand of hair . strange extend the hair , infuse it with magic , do a few gesture that create a bright light and suddenly - a20 int . sanctum sanctorum - front staircase - continuous a20 bottom of the stair . strange be stand . thor be roll down the stair . a magic portal lead into a peaceful meadow have open beside strange . thor we could have just walk . blue draft 05/20/16 20 . dr . strange ( be : the portal ) he 's wait for you . thor all right . strange do not forget you umbrella . thor yes . thor extend he arm and hold out he hand . crash noise be hear . lot of crash noise . thor ( cont 'd ) sorry finally the umbrella fly into he hand . thor ( cont 'd ) I suppose I will need my brother back . dr . strange yeah , right . suddenly we hear scream . from above , loki drop out of a portal . he land hard on the floor and then stagger to he foot . on edge , confuse . loki ... I have be fall ... for thirty minute ! dr . strange ( to thor : ) you can handle he from here . thor yeah of course . ( they shake hand ) thank you very much for you help . strange good luck . loki handle I ? who be you ? thor loki. blue draft 05/20/16 21 . loki draw a dagger , ready to attack strange . loki .. you think you be some kind of sorcerer ? do not think for one minute , you second-rate ... dr . strange bye-bye . strange gesture with both hand and - - whoosh ! pull the magic portal over they . just like that , thor and loki be go . 20 omitted 20 21 ext . cliff - day 21 beautiful , undisturbed nature . we hear the ocean nearby . loki land on the ground , portal close behind they . thor Father ? a lone figure stand at the other side of the meadow at the cliff 's edge , wave crashing below . it be odin . he 's dress plainly in humble human clothes . the boy approach he quickly . odin look at this place . it 's beautiful . thor Father , it 's we . odin my son . I have be wait for you . loki be surprised to hear odin call he he son . thor I know . we have come to take you home . odin Home , yes . you mother , she call I . do you hear it ? thor fire a look at loki , who hold up he hand in defense . blue draft 05/20/16 22. thor loki , lift you magic . odin turn to loki , who stiffen . but odin smile . odin take I quite a while to break free from you spell . frigga would have be proud . loki be move by this gesture . he look over to see thor stare at he , anger building . odin put a hand on thor 's shoulder , calming he . odin ( cont 'd ) come and sit with I . I do not have much time . odin sit , out of breath , weak . his son sit beside he . thor I know that we fail you , but we can make this right . odin I fail you . ( beat ) it be upon we ... ragnarok . thor no , I have stop ragnarok . I put a end to surtur . odin no . it have already begin . she 's come . my life be all that hold she back , but my time have come . I can not keep she away any longer . thor Father , who be you talk about ? odin the goddess of death . hela . my first bear . ( face thor ) you sister . that hit thor hard . loki can not believe what he 's hearing . thor ... what ? blue draft 05/20/16 23. odin her violent appetite grow beyond my control . I could not stop she , so I imprison she . lock she away . she draw she strength from asgard ... and once she get there , she power will be limitless . thor whatever she be , we can stop she . we can face she together . odin ( take thor 's hand ) no we will not . I be on a different path now . this you must face alone . odin look into thor 's eye , struggle to breathe . odin ( cont 'd ) I love you my son . for the briefest of instance , father and son share a quiet moment together . tear well in thor 's eye . odin ( cont 'd ) look at that . ethereal sun-rays stream down upon the ocean . odin ( cont 'd ) remember this place . Home . a warm glow wash over thor 's face and he turn to see that - -odin be dissipating into stardust . the allfather have died . a moment as the brother separately mourn for odin . the sky above darken and the wind pick up . thor stand and turn toward loki , he eye burn with rage . loki take a step back . loki brother . thor face loki . electricity crackle at thor 's hand . thor this be you do . crack ! behind they a black portal split OPEN ! blue draft 05/20/16 24 . thor slam down he umbrella , transform into he asgardian armor ( with mjolnir ) . loki change into he armor as well . a pierce scream cut the air as a figure be hurtle out of the portal , crash out of this dimensional rift be hela . hela take a second to consider she surroundings . then : hela so he 's go ? ( beat ) that 's a shame . I would have like to have see that . a tense moment as they stare each other down . thor you must be hela . I be thor , son of odin . hela really , you do not look like he . loki perhaps we can reach a arrangement . hela you sound like he . loki shift nervously . thor 's grip tighten on mjolnir . hela ( cont 'd ) kneel . loki beg you pardon ? hela manifest a pitch black blade . hela kneel ... before you Queen . thor I do not think so . thor wind up and hurl mjolnir at hela ... - thud - the mighty hammer come to a cold stop , against hela 's hand . thor be shocked . he stretch out he hand , try to call mjolnir back to he . blue draft 05/20/16 25 . the hammer tremble in hela 's hand , like a mini game of tug - of - war . but ultimately hela keep possession . thor ( cont 'd ) it 's not possible . hela darling , you have no idea what 's possible . hela shatter thor's hammer . the blast of mjolnir 's destruction send a wave of energy through thor and loki who brace themselves against the impact . thor be stupefy . in shock . he look up to see hela be run she hand back over she head to create the terrifying battle headdress . loki 's reaction be more panic . he stand and call up : loki bring we back ! thor no !! hela charge thor and loki as - - whoosh ! the bi- frost envelope all of they . 22 int . bi - frost - continuous 22 thor and loki zoom upward , hold inside this celestial beam warping they towards asgard . loki and thor look down to see ... hela be in the bi-frost , behind they and catch up . loki turn and throw two dagger at she . they find they mark , stalling she for a second . but she plows right through loki , knocking he out of the bi - frost . go in a instant . thor loki! hela project a jet black grapple hook and grab hold of thor . drawing he to she , prepare to finish he off . thor pull up he leg , and kick hela with both foot . this effectively dislodge he from she grasp but also ... ... knock thor out of the bi - frost ! now both he and loki be go . if they be not dead , then God know where they go . blue draft 05/20/16 26 . 23 int . the observatory - continuous 23 volstagg have a grip on heimdall 's sword , man bi-frost 's control . behind he fandral be oversee skurge , who be mop up the dragon gut . boom ! hela emerge with thunderous impact . fandral and volstagg draw they weapon , prepare to engage . volstagg who be you !? what have you do with thor ? hela fire two black dagger , each one drop its target to the ground . hela then walk forward and - hela I be hela . - brutally kill fandral and volstagg ! hela see skurge . approach calmly , a vision of death . with hela only a few foot from he , skurge cower . pause . skurge I be just a janitor . skurge ever-so-slightly peer up at she . hela you look like a smart boy with good survival instinct . how would you like a job ? hela look out upon asgard as skurge rise behind she . 24 ext . asgard - the mountain - same 24 a mysterious hooded figure watch hela 's arrival at the observatory and begin a steady descent towards the city . 25 ext . sakaar - the wasteland shore - day 25 super wide : a sky full of wormhole . thor , only a spec at this distance , shoot out of one of this wormhole . he hit the surface , cause a cloud of dust . find thor on he back surround by strange colorful space wreckage . look up , thor see a large metal object fall from a different wormhole ! he roll out of the way . thud ! blue draft 05/20/16 27 . thor run up a dune to get away from the shower of debris . thor reach the top of the dune and find himself look down on a beach in a strange wasteland . camera scan a filthy dune litter with space junk . out across the ocean he notice a nightmare wormhole - a giant open cylinder of whirling smoke and lightning storm . a loud noise draw thor 's attention to a huge rectangular " scrapper " ship haul a crash space vessel out of the water . beneath the ship be various scrapper , mask humanoid . the ship be blasting weird alien music . a scrapper notice thor , then signal to he crew . lead scrapper be you a fighter or be you food ? thor I be just pass through . lead scrapper it be food . on you knee . thor reach out to summon mjolnir . a reflex . nothing . the lead scrapper level a magno -rifle at thor and whap ! a solid metal projectile knock thor flat on he back . more scrapper attack , throw net and fire more projectile . thor try to swat they away but they keep come . the rest of the scrapper move in with iron bat and club . whoosh ! a second ship arrive , landing nearby . it 's cool , sleek , and dangerous , deserve of its name : warsong . it be also blasting different weird alien music . the front of warsong flip OPEN and a gangplank extend down to the ground . the scrapper stop and stare as we track in to a hero reveal of scrapper # 142 ( s142 for short ) - a beautiful and ruthless asskicker . s142 lift a half - empty bottle to she lip and chug it . she finish the bottle and smashes it on the side of she ship . scrapper # 142 he 's mine . she walk down the gangplank ... before veer off course and falling straight off into a pile of trash . she 's plaster . the scrapper shrug and start haul thor away . blue draft 05/20/16 28. scrapper # 142 ( cont 'd ) wait ! s142 stagger to she foot , take a deep breath . she hold on to a piece of junk as support - some dead beast . thor continue to struggle with he captor , tangle in net . scrapper # 142 ( cont 'd ) wait ! he 's mine . so if you want he , you go through I . the scrapper start brandish they weapon . scrapper but we have already get he . s142 clang she metal gauntlet together which activate . scrapper # 142 alright then I guess I go through you . lead scrapper more food . she hold out she fist as if she 's operate machinery ... ... warsong whirs to life . s142 clenches she fist and we hear a horrible screeching noise as warsong open FIRE . she sweep she arm out in a arc , the spray of gunfire last three second . she bang she fist again , send the ship into idle mode . the scrapper be now little more than tiny piece of litter cover the beach . thor be fixate on this beautiful murderer approach . one final huge scrapper come at she with a bat . s142 casually grab this scrapper and hurl he up into the air behind she . thor thank you . from she belt s142 flick a small glow disc which lodge into thor 's neck . Far in the background , the scrapper she throw finally hit the ground with a loud thud . she hold up a fob device and press the button - the disc blink and thor be fill with the pain of a thousand scream squirrel . he hit the ground , stunne . s142 drag thor towards she ship . blue draft 05/20/16 29 . 30 int . warsong ship - day 30 thor 's face smushed up against glass . his eye be open . thor 's Pov - the capital - a eclectic city compose of salvage item from all over the universe . thor be lie in a sort of small glass holding cell beneath warsong 's cockpit . he look up to see s142 piloting the ship . thor 's eye lock in on she belt , specifically the fob device she use to activate the obedience disk / debilitate he . scrapper # 142 this be scrapper 142 . I need clearance and a audience with the boss . I have get something special . thor hey ! where be you take I ? s142 ignore he , take a swig from the bottle , and then nonchalantly unclip the fob from she belt . thor ( cont 'd ) answer I ! hey ! I be thor , son of odin . I need to get back to asgard . scrapper # 142 many apology , you majesty . s142 zap he and guide she ship towards a colossal tower . 26 ext . outskirt of asgard - day 26 close on : hela , headdress retract , hair down , she beautiful face fully visible . we do not see who she be talk to . hela it 's come to my attention that you do not know who I be . reveal the armie of asgard facing down hela . stand in front be hogun , sword and shield out . hela ( cont 'd ) I be hela , odin 's first bear , Commander of the legion of asgard , the rightful heir to the throne , and the goddess of death . ( pause for effect ) ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 30 . hela ( cont 'd ) my father be dead . as be the prince . you be welcome . ( then : ) we be once the seat of absolute power in the cosmos . we supremacy be unchallenge , yet odin stop at nine realm . we destiny be to rule over all other . and I be here to restore that power . kneel before I ... and rise into the rank of my great conquest . the e-guard get into attack formation . hogun whoever you be ... whatever you have do , surrender now ! or we will show you know mercy . hela whoever I be ? do you listen to a word I say ? hogun this be you last warning ! hela I think you would be happy to see I . hela form she headdress . hela ( cont 'd ) Fine . the asgardian archer loose dozen of arrow , but - - hela advance confidently , destroy the ship and soar into the einherjar ! in a symphony of spectacular terror , hela proceed to decimate the entire regiment . a tornado of carnage , a legendary massacre . 27 ext . below the rainbow bridge - same 27 while hela slaughter up above , we tilt up from a boat , moor at the base of the observatory , to see the mysterious figure from earlier be now scaling the rock towards the top . 28 int . the observatory - continuous 28 now silhouett in the entrance way , the figure scan the observatory . his gaze fall on - blue draft 05/20/16 31 . - bi- frost 's control . specifically heimdall 's sword . 29 ext . outskirt of asgard - continuous 29 it 's eerily quiet . close on hela scan the battlefield . 100 + slain einherjar at she foot . angle on skurge as he step forward - awe , admiration , fear . hela oh , I have miss this . still , it 's a shame . good soldier die for nothing ... all because they could not see the future . sad . ( then she see : ) oh ! look , still alive . reveal hogun , severely injure but staggering to he foot , resilient . hela ( cont 'd ) Change of heart ? hogun draw a dagger as a last ditch attack . hogun go back to whatever cave you creep out of you evil demoness ! hela impale hogun on a spike . she turn to skurge . hela let 's go see my palace . skurge stare at hogun before follow hela towards the palace . 31 omitted 31 a32 int . dark tunnel - day a32 thor , strapped to the chair , suddenly find himself slowly move forward . after a beat - - the wall light up and a soothing voice speak to he . soothing voice ( v.o. ) fear not , for you be find . you be home , and there be no go back . no one leave this place . thor struggle against he restraint . blue draft 05/20/16 32. soothing voice ( v.o. ) but what be this place ? the answer in sakaar . the tunnel wall show image of sakaar 's place in the cosmos . soothing voice ( v.o. ) surrounded by cosmic gateway , sakaar life on the edge of the know and unknown . image of the wormhole that cover sakaar 's atmosphere . soothing voice ( v.o. ) it be the collection point for all lose and unlove thing . like you . but here on sakaar , you be significant . you be valuable . here , you be love . thor what ... the hell ? soothing voice ( v.o. ) and no one love you more than the grandmaster . image of the grandmaster , in silhouette , arrive on sakaar . soothing voice ( v.o. ) he be the original . the first lose , and the first find . the creator of sakaar and the father of the Contest of champion . image of the arena where alien battle to the death . soothing voice ( v.o. ) where once you be nothing , now you be something . you be the property of the grandmaster . ( then : ) congratulation ! you will meet the grandmaster in five second . image around the tunnel begin speed up . Chaos , violence , and confusion mix in with grandmaster 's face . thor , already bewilder , look on the verge of panic . soothing voice ( v.o. ) prepare yourself . prepare yourself . you be now meeting the grandmaster . blue draft 05/20/16 33. thor scream ! 32 int . grandmaster's chamber - continuous 32 suddenly thor be somewhere else , surround weirdo and insanely dress palace guard . his scream die down self - consciously . a musical beat plays in the background . the grandmaster , a tall mysterious man in golden robe . he be look right at we . he do not know what to make of we . he 's curious , thrilled , revolt , and titillate . pull back we see topaz , he trusty guard , at he side . two golden lady loiter off to the side . other strange guest can be see in the background . grandmaster just stare . s142 stand beside grandmaster . finally : grandmaster he 's wonderful . ( then : ) it be a he ? reveal s142 stand beside thor . scrapper # 142 it 's a he . grandmaster yeah . I love when you come to visit 142 , you bring I the best stuff . ( to topaz : ) whenever we get to talk , topaz , about scrapper 142 ... what do I always say ? " she be the ... " and it start with a B. topaz trash . grandmaster no , not trash . be you wait just to call she that ? it do not start with a " B . " topaz booze hag . blue draft 05/20/16 34 . grandmaster I be so sorry . no , " best . " I be think about " best . " ( to s142 : ) because I always say you be the best . she bring I my precious beloved Champion , you know . topaz you say that every time she 's here . grandmaster what have you bring today ? tell I . scrapper # 142 a contender . thor a what ? grandmaster I need to go closer . I want a closer look at this . can you take we closer ? thank you . grandmaster advance on thor . examine he closely and strangely . then : grandmaster ( cont 'd ) pay this lady . thor just wait a damn minute . I be not for sale . use all he might , thor break out of he shackle , but - -s142 zap he again . paralyze by superheate vein . grandmaster man . he be a fighter . scrapper # 142 I would take 10 million . topaz tell she she 's dream . grandmaster for heaven 's sake , transfer the unit . blue draft 05/20/16 35 . topaz transfer s142 the unit . without sympathy or ceremony , s142 exit . thor you will pay for this ! scrapper # 142 no , I get pay for this . thor claw at the obedience disk , try to rip it out . he get some separation from he skin , but the disk be cause he even more pain . thor eventually have to let go . grandmaster hold up he own fob device and use it like a wand to guide thor 's hover chair , which follow grandmaster around as he speak . grandmaster here 's what I wanna know . who be you ? thor I be the God of thunder !!! thor thrust he arm into the air but only a tiny bit of static electricity pop within thor 's hand . grandmaster wow . I do not hear any thunder , but out of you finger , be that like ... sparkles ? topaz we locate you cousin . grandmaster oh good ! ( to thor : ) yeah , come on . I think you be gonna like this . grandmaster move thor 's chair to another section where - -cousin carlo be wait . he 's strapped to a chair like thor , and he be terrify . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) there he be . hey , cuz . we almost could not find you . what , have you be hide ? cousin Carlo look at thor , cower in fear . blue draft 05/20/16 36 . thor hi. Carlo only further weep . grandmaster so ... cousin carlo please . I be sorry . grandmaster Carlo ... I pardon you . cousin carlo thank you . thank you . grandmaster you be officially pardon ... from life . grandmaster casually take topaz 's sakaarian Guard staff and jab it into he cousin 's mid-section - - causing all of he flesh to melt off he skeleton ! Carlo shriek in pain before he vocal cord melt . thor look on , in shock . thor oh , my god ! liquid Carlo spread towards grandmaster . grandmaster I be step in it . I be step in it . look out ! thor ( repulse ) oh , the smell . grandmaster what do it smell like ? topaz burnt toast . grandmaster what happen to my manners ? I have not properly introduce myself . come on . follow I . grandmaster give topaz back she staff . blue draft 05/20/16 37 . grandmaster and thor arrive at a space where a group of musician play strange instrument ( the source of the music thus far ) . grandmaster join they , still speak to thor . grandmaster begin playing a strange piano- like contraption , riffing a melody over the exist music . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) my name be grandmaster . I preside over a little harlequinade call the Contest of champion . people come from far and wide to unwillingly participate in it . and you , my friend , might just be part of the new cast . what do you say to that ? thor we be not friend , and I do not give a shit about you game ! I be go back to asgard ! grandmaster ( amused ) ass-gard ? ( then : ) one , two , three , four . grandmaster really get into he playing . grandmaster 's guard and VIP guest start moving to the music . thor take a moment to look around at this bizarre spectacle unfold around he . in do so , he zeroe in on one particular group of vip , specifically ... ... loki ! he 's loung and dress in sakaarian garb . loki there be a wormhole in space and time beneath I . at that moment , I let go . thor loki !? loki ! over here ! loki notice thor. blanch a little . sidle closer so as to speak to thor without look like he 's speak to thor . loki Excuse I one second . thor loki! blue draft 05/20/16 38 . loki hustle over to thor , shushing he . loki what ? you be alive ? thor yes , of course I be alive . loki what be you do here ? thor what do you mean , what be I do ? I be stick in this stupid chair . where 's you chair ? loki I do not get a chair . thor get I out of this one . loki I can not . thor what ? loki I have make friend with this man . he 's call the grandmaster . thor oh , he 's crazy ! loki I have gain he favor .. the bi- frost bring I out here week ago . thor week ago ? I just get here . suddenly grandmaster be right next to they . grandmaster what be you whisper about ? both thor and loki react , startle . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) time work real different around this part . ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 39 . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) on any other world , I would be like , million of year old . but here on sakaar ... grandmaster behold himself . then turn to loki . a truly uncomfortable silence . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) in any case , you know this ... you call yourself Lord of Thunder ? thor God of Thunder . tell he . loki I have never meet this man in my life . thor he 's my brother . loki adopted . grandmaster be he any kind of a fighter ? loki shrug , give the universal gesture for " so - so . " thor you take this thing out of my neck and I will show you . grandmaster now listen to that . he 's threaten I . hey , sparkle , here 's the deal . if you wanna get back to ass-place , assberg ... thor asgard . grandmaster any contender who defeat my champion , they freedom they shall win . thor Fine . then point I in the direction of whoever 's ass I have to kick . grandmaster that 's what I call , contender ! direction would be this way , Lord . blue draft 05/20/16 40 . thor loki! Guards arrive . they haul thor up and escort he out . 33 omitted 33 34 int . the arena - gladiator cell - night 34 thor be shove into a spacious cell where other alien prisoner be lurking in the back . the thick cell door slam shut behind thor . thor get up and immediately begin throwing he shoulder into the door . the door do not budge , not even a little . behind he , korg , a hulk kronan rock alien , speak up . korg hey ! take it easy man ! ( thor look back ) over here . the pile of rock wave at you . yeah I be actually a thing , I be a be . allow I to introduce myself , my name be korg . I be kind of like the leader in here . I be make of rock , as you can see , but do not let that intimidate you . you do not need to be afraid unless you be make of scissors . ( giggle to himself ) just a little rock - paper-scissor joke for you . this be my very good friend over here , miek . he 's a insect and have knife for hand . miek , a slug alien inside a robot exoskeleton , say hello by do some karate move . thor you be a kronan , be not you ? korg that I be . thor how would you end up in here ? korg well , I try to start a revolution but do not print enough pamphlet , so hardly anyone turn up . ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 41 . korg ( cont 'd ) except for my mom and she boyfriiend , who I hate . as punishment , I be force to be in here and become a gladiator . bit of a promotional disaster . ( secretive ) but I be actually organize another revolution . I do not know if you would be interested in something like that . do you reckon you would be interested ? thor try to run ahead down the circle and loop back around behind korg . thor how do you ... korg yeah , no . this whole thing be a circle . but not a real circle , more like a freaky circle . thor this do not make any sense . korg no , nothing make sense here . the only thing that do make sense , be that nothing make sense . thor have anyone here fight the grandmaster 's Champion ? korg Doug have . Doug ! ( realize ) oh , right , Doug 's dead . that 's right . everyone who fight the grandmaster 's champion perish . thor what about you ? you be make of rock . korg perishable rock . ( a pebble fall off ) there you go . another one go . yeah , no , I just do the smaller fight , warm up the crowd and whatnot . wait . you be not gonna face he , be you ? blue draft 05/20/16 42. thor yes I be . fight he , win , and get the hell out of this place . korg that 's exactly what Doug use to say . see you later , new Doug . korg walk away and approach miek . a35 ext . asgard - street - sunset a35 the street of asgard be cold and silent , save for the occasional distant sound and scream of a city under siege . 35 omitted 35 a36 int . throne room - continuous a36 move down the throne room corridor we see - - several dead einherjar guard . one guy be still alive , desperately try to crawl away . shlnk ! a black blade finish he off . reveal hela and skurge look down at the carnage . hela direct she attention to frescos on the ceiling . like the sistine Chapel , except this depict asgard 's shine influence on the nine realm . bountiful harvest , shepherd with full flock , common folk throw parade for asgard 's army , etc . hela do no one remember I ? ( await a answer ) have no one be teach we history ? look at this lie . goblet and garden party ? peace treaty ? hela lead they towards the throne . hela ( cont 'd ) odin ... proud to have it ... ashamed of how he get it . hela fire spike into the ceiling , ripping down plaster . beneath the surface be older frescos . this one be far more dark and sinister . blue draft 05/20/16 43. Soldiers in battle . blood . a giant war wolf . Young odin and young hela . slave building the palace . skurge be at least somewhat disturb by this . hela ( cont 'd ) we be unstoppable . I be he weapon in the conquest that build asgard 's empire . one by one , the realm become ours . hela turn from the mural to address skurge . hela ( cont 'd ) but then , simply because my ambition outgrew he ... he banish I , cage I , lock I away like a animal . before that , asgard 's warrior be honore , they body bury as heroes beneath this very place . hela beckon skurge to follow she . b36 int . odin be vault - continuous b36 hela enter the vault and descend the stair towards the magical item . skurge odin 's treasure . skurge follow she . hela walk towards the infinity gauntlet . hela Fake . hela knock the gauntlet off its pedestal . hela ( cont 'd ) most of the stuff in here be fake . next : the casket of ancient Winter . hela ( cont 'd ) or weak . next : surtur 's skull . hela ( cont 'd ) smaller than I think it would be . next : the tesseract . she hesitates : blue draft 05/20/16 44 . hela ( cont 'd ) that 's not bad ? ( notice : ) but this ... the eternal flame . the eternal flame flicker in its chalice . hela dig her hand into the eternal flame . she pull she hand out now cupping GREEN FIRE , like a torch . hela approach a large circular rune etching on the floor . hela manifest a huge claw hammer . she smashes through the rune on the floor , create a gape chasm . she look at skurge . hela ( cont 'd ) want to see what true power look like ? hela look down into the darkness below . with she hand aflame , hela jump down into the chasm ! c36 int . hidden asgardian catacomb - day c36 hela land like a bad ass . Dust settles . the light of hela 's hand torch reveal a stone crypt . a ornate burial place for the heroes of Old asgard . we can see countless rotted skeleton in badass ancient asgardian armor . hela 's regiment . among they , a massive wolf skeleton . terrifying and monstrous , colossal chain around the bone of its paw . fenris . hela approach fenris ' skeleton . hela fenris . my darling , what have they do to you ? she lift she flame hand above she head . she slam she hand into the ground . hela ( cont 'd ) with the eternal flame , you be reborn ! the fire spread out , cover fenris and hela 's old army . blue draft 05/20/16 45 . as the fire cover the skeleton , they shudder to life . hela ( cont 'd ) I have miss you . I have miss you all . hela' butcher , rise up before they commander . above : skurge look down , worried . below : a sinister light return to fenris 's eye as he stand proudly before he master , allow she to pet the fur of he terrifying face . c36a int . the arena - gladiator cell - night c36a thor sit against the wall . quietly praying . thor odin , I bid you take you place in the hall of valhalla ... ( then : ) where the brave shall live forever . nor shall we mourn but rejoice - thor ( cont 'd ) loki ( o.s. ) - for that that have die the - for that that have die the glorious death . glorious death . reveal loki stand across the cell . thor give he a hard look . loki ( cont 'd ) it hurt , do not it ? be lie to . be tell you be one thing and then learn it 's all a fiction . thor pick up some stone that have fall from korg 's leg and casually start throw they through loki 's illusion . loki ( cont 'd ) you do not think I would really come and see you , do you ? this place be disgusting . thor throw another stone through loki. loki ( cont 'd ) do this mean you do not want my help ? thor throw another stone through loki. blue draft 05/20/16 46 . loki ( cont 'd ) look , I could not jeopardize my position with grandmaster , it take I time to win he trust . he 's a lunatic , but he can be amenable . thor throw another stone through loki . disinterested . loki ( cont 'd ) what I be tell you be , you could join I at the grandmaster 's side . perhaps , in time , a accident befall the grandmaster , and then ... loki gesture : " we take over . " thor throw another stone through loki . bore . loki ( cont 'd ) you be not seriously think of go back , be you ? we sister destroy you hammer like a piece of glass . she 's stronger than both of we . she 's stronger than you . you do not stand a chance . do you understand what I be say to you ? thor just scowl . loki ( cont 'd ) Fine . I guess I will just have to go it alone . like I have always do . ( thor smirk ) would you say something ? now out of stone , thor look around the floor for more . loki ( cont 'd ) say something ! thor finally look right at loki , speak fast and curt : thor what would you like I to say ? you fake you own death , you steal the throne , stripped odin of he power , strand he on Earth ... ( on loki : ) - to die , release the goddess of death . ( back to thor : ) ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 47 . thor ( cont 'd ) have I say enough , or do you do you want I to go further back than the past two day ? loki 's eye burn . thor stare coldly at he . loki try to compose himself . loki you know , I have not see this belove Champion he talk of , but I have hear he 's astonishingly savage . I have place a large wager against you tomorrow . do not let I down . loki shimmer , and he illusion vanish . korg run in to try to kick he . korg piss off , ghost ! ( then : ) he 's freaking go . 40 int . the arena - receiving area 40 thor , korg , and a gaggle of other prisoner / fighter have be lead from they cell to a pre - fight holding area . korg and thor be by the weapon rack . korg yuck ! there 's still someone 's hair and blood all over this . guy , can you clean up the weapon once you finish you fight ? disgusting slob . ( then : ) thor ... wanna use a big wooden fork ? thor no . korg yeah , not really useful unless you be fight off three vampire that be huddle together . thor I really wish I have my hammer . korg Hammer ? blue draft 05/20/16 48. thor quite unique . it be make from this special metal from the heart of a die star . and when I spun it really , really fast it give I the ability to fly . korg you ride a hammer ? thor no , I do not ride the hammer . korg the hammer ride you on you back ? thor no . I use to spin it really fast , and it would pull I off the ... korg oh my God . the hammer pull you off ? thor the ground . it would pull I off the ground , up into the air , and I would fly . every time I throw it , it would always come back to I . korg sound like you have a pretty special and intimate relationship wiht this hammer and that lose it be almost comparable to lose a love one . thor that 's a nice way of put it . thor spot s142 deal at the bar . he 's once again eyeing the fob device clipped to she belt . scowl . scrapper # 142 I say they be mine . thor see she , the one that put I in here . korg yeah , scrapper 142 . she 's strong . and she drink a lot . ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 49 . korg ( cont 'd ) gotta watch out for that asgardian , man . they be hard to perish . thor asgardian ? thor break away from the line and run to s142 . thor ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey ! s142 hold up the fob . thor ( cont 'd ) do not zap I with that thing . I just wanna talk . asgard be in danger . thor then notice a series of patterned scar , or brand , on she forearm . it 's a moment of recognition and disbelief . thor ( cont 'd ) my God , you be a valkyrie . I use to wanna be a valkyrie when I be young ... until I find out that you be all woman . there 's nothing wrong with woman , of course . I love woman . sometimes a little too much . not in a creepy way , just more of a respectful appreciation . I think it 's great that there be a elite force of woman warrior . it 's about time . scrapper # 142 be you do ? warden ( o.s. ) Lord of Thunder , you be up . thor please , help I . I need you help . scrapper # 142 bye . thor Fine , then you must be a traitor or a coward because the valkyrie be swear to protect the throne . s142 finally turn she attention to thor , intense . blue draft 05/20/16 50 . scrapper # 142 listen closely , you majesty . this be sakaar , not asgard . and I be a scrapper , not a valkyrie . Guards swarm thor , drag he back warden ( o.s. ) bring he in for processing ! valkyrie and no one escape this place . so you be gonna die anyway . despite she denial , thor have clearly hit a nerve . and from now on we will refer to scrapper # 142 as valkyrie . valkyrie take she booze and walk away . thor be drag away , pass korg and the other prisoner . 40a int . processing room - day 40 a thor be strapped to a chair . reveal a weird alien barber ( Stan Lee cameo ) hold up some rusty shear . stan lee now , do not you move . my hand be not as steady as they use to be . thor by odin 's beard , you shall not cut my hair ... lest you feel the wrath of the might thor . barber activate a menace cutting tool . thor freak out . thor ( cont 'd ) please . please , kind sir , do not cut my hair ! no ! 40b int . the arena - night 40 B hundred of thousand of spectator pack into the stadium seat . dozen of starship be park above the arena . find the grandmaster's luxury suite , a VIP box attach to the fight area . the Golden lady be in attendance . loki lounge in the suite , take wager on the fight card . grandmaster walk out into the center of the arena . suddenly - blue draft 05/20/16 51 . -the grandmaster grow to 60 - feet tall ! this enlarge projection of grandmaster address the audience . grandmaster wow ! look at all of you . what a show , what -a-night ! who 's have fun ? please , I be you host . Big round of applause for all of we undercard competitor ... who die so gruesomely . good sport . what a show ! what a night ! this be what you have come for and so have I . ( applause ) and now , without further ado ... it 's main event time !! ( insane applause ) make he first appearance , though he look quite promise , get a couple of trick up he sleeve . I will say no more , see what you think . lady and gentleman ... ( laughter from the crowd ) I give to you ... Lord of Thunder ! enter thor. gladiator thor . shave head , trim beard , minimalist armor , cover in weapon . two sword on he back , giant mace in one hand , spike shield in the other . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) watch out for he finger . they make spark . thor look up at the throng of scream fan . and then ... ... put on he helmet . a badass gladiator variation of he classic winge helm . thor be ready to rumble . above : find valkyrie in she warsong ship , park amongst the other tailgater . she pop open a bottle of booze . drink . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) okay , this be it . let 's get ready to welcome this guy . here he come . he be a creature . what can we say about he ? well , he 's unique . there 's none like he . I feel a special connection with he . suddenly the floor beneath thor 's foot lower . a slow , tension - building grind as he see - -a door across the arena . bigger and bigger . blue draft 05/20/16 52 . the entire crowd be on its foot . palpable anticipation . the spotlight change to bright stadium light . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) he 's undefeate . he's the reigning ... he's the defending ... lady and gentleman ... I give you ... ka - boom ! exploding through a door be the Champion ... ... the incredible hulk ! he wear a armored shoulder guard and a spartan helmet . he carry a warhammer in one hand and a battleaxe in the other . hulk pound he chest and roar , further energize a already frenzied crowd . meanwhile , the sight of hulk make thor 's arm drop to he side along with he jaw drop to the ground . and then - - thor laugh he ass off . like , " that 's my buddy over there ! " thor yes ! in the VIP BOX : loki go ghost white . traumatic memory of be hulk -smash flood he brain . go be all he joy . loki I have to get off this planet . loki try to exit , but the grandmaster stop he . grandmaster hey , hey , hey ! where be you go ? grandmaster plop loki down in the front row , right against the glass . loki casually try to hide he face in he hand . in the arena : thor hey ! we know each other . he 's a friend from work . ( to hulk : ) where have you be ? everybody think you be dead . so much have happen since I last see you . I lose my hammer . like , yesterday , so that 's still pretty fresh . ( then : ) loki ! loki 's alive . can you believe it ? he 's up there . ( wave to loki : ) loki ! look who it be ! blue draft 05/20/16 53. loki be petrify . thor ( cont 'd ) Banner , I never think I would say this , but I be happy to see you . in the arena : hulk be still eyeball thor while the capacity crowd chant insanely for " hulk ! hulk ! hulk ! " thor ( cont 'd ) Banner . hey , Banner ! hulk 's face grimace and contort , suppress puny Banner . hulk no banner ! only hulk ! hulk charge at thor . insanely fast . thor what be you do ? it 's I . thor dodge the first few attack , but then hulk shatter he shield and send thor flying . thor draw a sword and stab it into the ground to slow he momentum . draw the other sword and face off against hulk . thor ( cont 'd ) Banner , we be friend . this be crazy . I do not want to hurt you ! they engage again . hulk kick thor , send he slamming into the wall . grandmaster here we go . thor jump down just in time to avoid hulk 's warhammer , which hit so hard that it remain lodge in the wall . with hulk charge again , thor rip the warhammer out of the wall and wallop hulk with it . hulk go crashing alongside the arena . he end up sprawle out in a pile of rubble , slightly daze . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) what ? above : Val be watch through a set of high - tech binocular . she react to thor , reluctantly impressed . blue draft 05/20/16 54 . thor advance on hulk with all the swagger . he take off he helmet and call out to hulk , provoking he . thor hey , big guy . the sun 's get real low . hulk take off he helmet . scowl . teeth grinding . thor ( cont 'd ) that 's it . the sun 's go down . I will not hurt you anymore . no one will . whoosh ! thor be suddenly drag out of frame . hulk have thor by the leg and be whipping he against the arena floor . over and over and over again . in the VIP BOX : loki 's whole mood shift . the joy return to he face , like " everything will be alright ! " loki laugh . loki yes ! that 's how it feel ! ( to grandmaster : ) I be just a huge fan of the sport . thor be smashed into the floor face first . hulk roar and rush thor with he axe . thor all right . screw it . clang ! the giant weapon clash ! now thor and hulk be fight warhammer versus battleaxe ... ... and thor be win ! he 's get the better of this exchange , use hulk 's aggression against he . thor continually knock and / or trip hulk off he foot while evade all of hulk 's best attack . thor ( cont 'd ) I know you be in there , Banner . I will get you out ! one particular vicious blow disarm hulk , and thor break hulk 's axe with the warhammer . thor then bash hulk in the chest , knocking he to the ground . thor ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter with you ? you be embarrassing I ! I tell they we be friend ! blue draft 05/20/16 55 . growling , hulk stand up and hit thor with a straight jab that send thor tumbling across the arena . hulk immediately leap after he and land on thor ! hulk be now on top of thor as they slide across the arena , just pummeling he with punch . left-right-left-right . thor 's head snap back and forth . in the carnage , thor see vision of odin . then - - he eye glow white with electricity . like a instinctual defense mechanism , thor suddenly knock hulk back with a burst of lightning ! seethe with electricity , thor spring to he foot and then blast hulk with a massive lightning punch ! hulk be launched backward and thor hit the ground hard . crowd Thunder ! Thunder ! Thunder ! korg Thunder ! Thunder ! Thunder ! the crowd get hushed . they have never see this before . in the VIP BOX : grandmaster be piss . loki be amaze . hulk and thor stagger to they foot . thor look at himself , a little surprised . there be still small charge of lightning crackling through he vein . meanwhile , hulk rumble towards thor and they be at it again , close -quarter box . thor be win the exchange , landing brutal punch to hulk 's body . and then suddenly - - bzzz ! the grandmaster zap he with the obedience disk fob ! thor drop , totally catch off guard ! hulk plant he foot and jump ! he zoom up , rocketing out of the arena , up - up - up into the sky ! at the apex of he jump hulk clenches he fist and begin a missile - like descent . Val see this from she ship and decide to take off , like " this fight be over , time to beat traffic . " korg ( cont 'd ) another day , another Doug . down below , thor groggily turn over . he do so just in time to see hulk come at he like a atom bomb ! no time to avoid it . ka - boom !!! right before impact thor 's eye go lightning white . hulk hit thor like a meteor . blue draft 05/20/16 56 . the impact knock thor unconscious and we CUT to black . linger on darkness for a few beat ... and then : 36 int . throne room - sunset 36 hela sit on the throne try to get comfortable , headdress &amp ; cowl off . skurge stand at the foot of the throne . hela what be that noise ? skurge the common folk be not exactly fall in line . there 's a resistance try to knock down the front gate . hela send she butcher troops to deal with it . hela tell I about yourself , skurge . skurge well , I dad be a stonemason , I mum be - hela ( interrupt ) I will just stop you there . what I mean be what be you ambition ? skurge I just want a chance to prove myself . hela recognition . ( then : ) when I be young every great King have a executioner . not just to execute people , but also to execute they vision . but mainly to execute people . still a great honor . ( beat ) I be odin 's executioner . hela hold out she hand and use she power to form a double - side obsidian axe , which she offer to skurge . hela ( cont 'd ) and you will be my executioner . let 's begin we conquest . blue draft 05/20/16 57 . 37 omitted 37 41 omitted 41 42 omitted 42 44 ext . rainbow bridge - day 44 hela and skurge arrive at the observatory , army in tow . hela skurge , where 's the sword ? reveal that the bi-frost sword be miss . hela ( cont 'd ) that sword be the key to open the bi-frost . hela think , seethe . hela ( cont 'd ) this people you mention , the one who be not fall into line . round they up . 45 omitted 45 aa46 omitted aa46 ab46 omitted ab46 46 ext . asgard - mountain creek - day 46 a46 omitted a46 splash ! boot run across the shallow water . we meet a family of refugee from the city . father , mother , son ( 14 ) , and young daughter ( 8 ) . they be running for there live . hot on they heel be a pair of hela 's sinister butcher , hunt like a pack of wolf . after scramble through a grove of tree the family make they way through a narrow pass . the butcher be hot on they heel , they growl get louder behind they when - bam ! the son run right into a tall , immovable object ... blue draft 05/20/16 58 . heimdall ! no regal armor , no golden helm . this heimdall have a thick beard and be wrap in a cloak . the rest of the family arrive , desperation . heimdall Excuse I . in one swift motion heimdall draw the bi- frost sword , step forward and slashes through the butcher , end they . he then turn to the family , gesture for they to follow he . heimdall ( cont 'd ) sorry about that . this bloody thing be everywhere . come on . 47 omitted 47 48 ext . asgard - mountain ravine - day 48 heimdall approach the steep face of the mountain . carve into the rock be yggdrasil , the world tree . heimdall kneel , whisper a few word under he breath , and ... a huge section of the mountain face vanish in a shimmering illusion ! 49 int . stronghold - day 49 it 's busy with activity - hundred of asgardian who fle the city after hela 's invasion be live here . Men , woman , and child . strong and weak , young and old . heimdall turn to the family , even manage a smile . heimdall you will be safe here . they enter the stronghold . as the door shut we go to - 50 omitted 50 a51 omitted a51 51 int . hulk' warrior suite - day 51 thor 's eye pop OPEN . he 's lie in a heap on the ground , still dirty , bruise , and beat up . thor be be tend to by two sakaarian gladiator nurse who be swabbing he wound . this freak he out , which result in startle thrashing . that freak out the two gladiator nurse , which result in they running away . blue draft 05/20/16 59 . thor start to get up , but then wince . he move slowly . he 's in a giant room with stark graphic pattern on the wall . with a few achy grimace , thor stand up and wander around . there 's furniture , large cushion , and a sleep area enclose by the skull of a giant beast . noise behind he . thor follow the noise to find - hulk have ease himself into a large steaming jacuzzi . thor look at he quizzically . hulk be not angry . he 's relaxed , but he 's not turn into Banner . thor be we cool ? hulk grunt . I guess so . thor ( cont 'd ) it 's hulk in a hot tub . ( then : ) how long have you be like that ? hulk like what ? thor like this . Big , green , ...stupid . hulk hulk always hulk . thor take this in , and then walk over to a window that look out across the city . do some spatial math , realize : thor look back out the window . he see a ramshackle spaceship take off and rocketing skyward . Higher and higher , it 's go for a wormhole when - -boom ! one of grandmaster 's Palace patrol ship , more modern and heavy duty , blows it out of the sky . on thor , wheel turn . he turn to hulk . thor how would you get here ? hulk win . thor you mean cheating ? ( be : obedience disk ) ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 60 . thor ( cont 'd ) be they wear one of this when you win ? how would you arrive here ? hulk quinjet . hulk mime a plane landing in the water . thor yes . where be the quinjet now ? hulk stand up , and exit the hot tub , naked . thor ( cont 'd ) that 's naked . he 's very naked . it 's in my brain now . hulk point out the window . hulk quinjet . thor see the quinjet in a massive alien junkyard . thor yes ! I be get we out of here . this be a terrible , awful place . you be gonna love asgard . it 's big . it 's golden . shiny . hulk sit on he bed , eat a pumpkin . hulk hulk stay . thor no , no , no . my people need I to get back to asgard . we must prevent ragnarok . hulk rag-na-ruh ? thor the prophesied death of my home world , the end of day , it 's the end of - ( hulk 's blank stare ) if you help I get back to asgard , I can help you get back to Earth . hulk Earth hate hulk . blue draft 05/20/16 61 . thor Earth love hulk . they love you . you be of the avenger . one of the team , one of we friend . this be what friend do . they support each other . hulk you be Banner 's friend . thor I be not Banner 's friend . I prefer you . hulk Banner 's friend . thor I do not even like Banner . ( bad impersonation ) " I be into number and science and stuff . " hulk thor go . hulk stay . thor Fine . stay here . stupid place . it 's hideous , by the way . the red , the white . just pick a color . thor head for the exit , a wide open door . hulk smash you . thor you do not smash anything . I win that fight hulk I smashed you . thor yeah , sure , sure . hulk baby arm . thor what ? hulk baby . blue draft 05/20/16 62 . thor moron ! you big child . thor head to the open entrance . hulk smile , anticipate . hulk thor go ! thor I be go . zap ! thor 's jolted back by the obedience disk . there be perimeter sensor in the doorway . hulk chuckle at thor as he hit the floor . point . hulk thor go again ! ( then : ) thor home . time CUT : thor slump against the wall , head sagging . hulk grab he giant battleaxe . he 's armored up . hulk ( cont 'd ) hulk train . thor that 's great . have fun . hulk exit . thor watch he go . then , at the end of the hallway hulk meet up with valkyrie ! they begin play - fight , a clearly friendly rapport . thor can not believe it . he run to the entrance , but by the time he reach the perimeter sensor they be go . thor sigh . walk over to the window . look up through a wormhole , star twinkle on the other end of it . thor ( cont 'd ) a57 heimdall , I know you can see I . a57 thor continue he plea at the window . thor ( cont 'd ) I need you to help I . help I see . pause . then thor 's eye go golden like heimdall 's ! the star in the wormhole begin to warp over thor and - blue draft 05/20/16 63. aa57 int . street of asgard - same aa57 thor suddenly find himself in asgard . disorient at first , thor turn to see heimdall hide in the shadow . heimdall harshly shush thor and gesture for he to get up against the wall . thor comply . see the refugee . after a beat a rove patrol of hela 's butcher creep by through the street . they do not spot we heroes . pause . heimdall turn to thor , speak only in hushed whisper . heimdall I see you . but you be far away . thor what 's go on here ? heimdall come see for yourself . without warning , heimdall lead the family out of the alley and dash down the street . thor follow ... ... but then stop . look around to see the occupied CITY of asgard , emit a smoky aura of chaos . a chill sight . down the street , heimdall gesture for the family to slow down . he see something . usher they into a alcove . thor join they just in time to avoid be see by another rove patrol of hela 's butcher . heimdall again motion for thor to " shh " until the threat have pass . then : heimdall ( cont 'd ) I be provide refuge in a stronghold build by we ancestor . but if the garrison fall we only escape will be bi-frost . thor you be talk about evacuate asgard ? heimdall we will not last long if we stay . thor look out on a ravage asgard , heartsick . hold on the devastate realm as : blue draft 05/20/16 64 . heimdall ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) she draw she power from asgard and grow stronger everyday . back to thor and heimdall . heimdall ( cont 'd ) come on . as heimdall quickly lead refugee down a safe pathway : heimdall ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hela be ravenous . if I let she leave , she will consume the nine realm and all the cosmos . turn back to thor , approach he . heimdall ( cont 'd ) we need you . thor I be work on it , but I do not even really know where the hell I be . two pack of butcher arrive simultaneously . Spot heimdall . heimdall you be on a planet surround by doorway . go through one . thor which one ? heimdall rip into the attack butcher , cutting they down . heimdall the big one ! whoosh ! suddenly thor's gone ! black . after slashing through the butcher , heimdall move towards the house where he hide the family ... and then abruptly stop . heimdall turn slightly . he see something . binoculars Pov : heimdall look right at we , the bi-frost sword visible in he hand . reveal skurge on a palace tower balcony , surveilling the city with asgardian e-nocular . skurge lower the e-nocular . there be conflict on he face . he know that he should report this to hela immediately ... yet he do not spring into action . blue draft 05/20/16 65 . 57 int . hulk' warrior suite - night 57 thor absentmindedly fidget with he obedience disk . thud ! thud ! thud ! ... resonate around the room . hulk step up to thor , look inquisitively down at he . hulk thor sad . thor shut up . hulk hit thor , bully he into open up . hulk thor sad !!! thor hop up , yell in hulk 's face . pace around . thor I be not sad , you idiot . I be piss off ! angry . I lose my father . I lose my hammer . thud ! thud ! he turn to see hulk punch he pillow . hulk stop . stare . hulk whine and cry . Cry like baby . thor you be not even listen . thor kick a random helmet . hulk do not kick stuff . thor you be be a really bad friend . hulk you bad friend ! thor you know what we call you ? hulk no . thor we call you the stupid avenger . blue draft 05/20/16 66 . hulk you be tiny avenger ! hulk throw a shield that nearly decapitate thor . thor what , be you crazy ? hulk yes . thor you know what ? Earth do hate you . hulk get sad . wander over to he bed to mope . thor realize he go to far . join hulk on the bed . hulk no . thor I be sorry I say that thing . you be not the stupid avenger . nobody call you the stupid avenger . hulk it 's okay . thor you just can not go around throw shield at people . could have kill I . hulk I know . I be sorry . I just get so angry all the time . hulk always , always angry . thor I know . we be the same , you and I . we be just a couple of hot-head fool . hulk yeah , same . hulk like fire , thor like water . thor we be kind of both like fire . blue draft 05/20/16 67 . hulk but hulk like real fire . hulk like raging fire . thor like smolder fire . thor hulk , I need you to do something for I . time CUT : Morning . BA - boom ! BA - boom ! BA - boom ! we follow two Palace Guards as they enter hulk 's suite . hulk be throw a large ball against the far wall . it 's so hard it make dent in the wall . hulk stop and turn . reveal that the guard be escort valkyrie . they leave ... valkyrie and hulk face off . hulk angry girl ! Val bound forward and give the incredible hulk a big hug . hulk laugh and then begin playfully roughhouse with Val . valkyrie what 's go on ? what do you ...? hulk step away , allow valkyrie to see thor . her smile disappear . she stare at hulk , so annoyed . hulk mope a little . like , " I do bad . " turn back to thor : valkyrie ( cont 'd ) you be so thick - head that you can not tell when someone 's hide all the way across the universe and want to be leave alone ? thor we need to talk . valkyrie no , you want to talk to I . valkyrie turn to leave . thor ( to hulk : ) I need she to stay . valkyrie be at the exit when the upper jawbone of hulk 's massive skull bed crash into frame , blocking the doorway . blue draft 05/20/16 68. Val shoot a annoyed sneer at hulk . hulk snort back . hulk stay ! please ? valkyrie look he up and down . obedience disk to the max . hulk begin bouncing he ball against the wall again . valkyrie walk over to hulk 's bar , pick up a unopened bottle of liquor . hulk snort , disapprovingly . Val put it down and find something cheaper , she pop the cork . valkyrie all right . here 's the deal . I will listen to you till this be empty . she tip back the bottle and start chugging . thor asgard be in danger and people be die . we need to get back there . I need you help ... wow . valkyrie finish . bye . she have indeed finish . she go to leave . thor odin be dead . valkyrie stop short ( the ball banging noise continue ) . her silence speak volume . thor have a realization . thor ( cont 'd ) hela , the goddess of death have invade asgard . valkyrie if hela 's back then asgard be already lose . thor I be go to stop she . valkyrie alone ? thor nope . I be put together a team . it 's I , you , and the big guy . blue draft 05/20/16 69 . hulk no team . only hulk . thor it 's I and you . valkyrie I think it 's only you . thor wait . just listen . the valkyrie be legend , elite warrior of asgard . you be swear to defend the throne . valkyrie I be not get drag into another one of odin 's family squabble . thor what 's that suppose to mean ? valkyrie you sister . her power come from asgard , same as yours . hulk 's ball roll into frame . a off screen grunt . Val pick it up and toss it back to hulk . valkyrie ( cont 'd ) when it grow beyond odin 's control , she massacre everyone in the palace and try to seize the throne . when she try to escape she banishment , he send the valkyrie in to fight she back . I only survive because ... ( trail off , brood ) look , I already face she once back when I believe in the throne , and it cost I everything . that be what 's wrong with asgard . the throne , the secret , the whole golden sham . pause . thor move towards valkyrie , go to put a comforting hand on she shoulder . thor I agree . Val snatch he hand . they be close , face to face . blue draft 05/20/16 70 . valkyrie do not get familiar . thor I agree . that 's why I turn down the throne . but this be not about the crown . this be about the people . they be die and they be you be people , too . Val shove he away . thor stumble back . valkyrie forget it . I have . thor ( nod , understanding ) okay . valkyrie okay . thor good. great . valkyrie great . thor thank you . valkyrie for what ? thor for this . reveal that thor have lift the fob device off Val 's belt ! thor ( cont 'd ) do not see that do you ? thor press the button and all the obedience disk embedded in he neck and belt power down ! confident smirk . thor ( cont 'd ) there ... that 's better . you know , go ahead . stay here and get drunk and enslave people for that lunatic . keep drink . keep hide . ( beat ) but I ... blue draft 05/20/16 71 . thor gesture for hulk to toss he the ball . hulk do . thor ( cont 'd ) I choose to run toward my problem and not away from they . because that 's what ... thor hurl it at the MAIN window - it bounce off , hit thor in the face . he stand , face valkyrie . thor ( cont 'd ) because that 's what heroes do . thor then smashes through the window ! hulk stand ... hulk friend stay ! 60 ext . grandmaster's palace - day 60 thor be slide down the side of the grandmaster's tower . he launch himself off the build and hurtle downward , landing casually on the street below . finally free . 61 ext . the street of sakaar - continuous 61 thor be hauling ass . never slow down , thor keep the top of the arena in sight . a few block back : hulk be in pursuit . he 's bumping people , swatting vehicle out of the way , just be a menace . on sakaar , the citizen applaud for he ! even when hulk demolish a man 's food cart , the man cheer hulk on ! 62 ext . massive alien junkyard - continuous 62 thor sprint in . look around . man , this place be big . he run down aisle of crush and stripped spacecraft , a giant smelter , and then into what look like a use car lot . and then he see it . the quinjet ! 63 int . quinjet - continuous 63 thor enter and rush to the control . blue draft 05/20/16 72 . thor all right . come on . he be press button and flipping switch . after a beat - - the flight deck power up ! thor place he hand on a pad which scan he handprint . light up green . quinjet ( v.o. ) Voice verification require . thor thor . quinjet ( v.o. ) access deny . thor thor , son of odin . quinjet ( v.o. ) access deny . thor God of Thunder . quinjet ( v.o. ) access deny . thor strongest avenger . quinjet ( v.o. ) access deny . thor strongest avenger ! quinjet ( v.o. ) access deny . thor damn you , Stark . ( roll he eye ) Point break . quinjet ( v.o. ) welcome , Point break . cah-runch ! hulk barge in through the quinjet door ! the hulk approach , scowling . any metal that stand in he way peel back . frantic , thor turn to the quinjet 's console . blue draft 05/20/16 73. hulk friend stay ! thor no , no , no ! as hulk enter , he destroy the hull of the quinjet . hulk stay ! thor stop ! stop break everything ! hulk do not go ! thor triggers a message on the flight console . natasha ( v.o. ) Nice work , big guy . we do not know where ultron 's head , but you be go very high , very fast . hulk stop short . his whole demeanor change . thor step out of the way so that hulk can see a record message from natasha romanoff on the console . natasha ( v.o. ) ... so , I need you to turn this bird around , okay ? we can not track you in stealth mode ... hulk be now right up against the console screen . natasha ( v.o. ) ... so I need you to help I out . okay ? I need you to ... hulk no ! no , Banner ! hulk convulse . drop to he hand and knee . his whole body warping . hulk roar and grab at he face , shaking he head , try to fight this back . but he can not help it ... ... he's transforming back into bruce banner ! the transition be rough and chaotic , it 's as if Banner be fight to get out of the hulk . throughout the process , hulk smashes back and forth , further wrecking the quinjet . and then , calm . blue draft 05/20/16 74 . thor rush to Banner 's side to help ease the transition . thor Banner . hey , hey , hey . you all right , Banner ? Sun 's go down . Sun 's go down . that 's it , breathe . I will not hurt you . sun' go down . banner ... thor ? thor yeah . Banner be groggy , disorient . thought , memory , and observation begin to flood he brain randomly . banner what happen to you hair ? thor some creepy old man cut it off . banner it look good . thor thanks . banner where be we ? how 's nat ? thor nat be good , I be sure . banner and what about sokovia ? thor sokovia ? banner the city , sokovia . do we save it ? thor Banner , listen . banner what ? thor sokovia . ultron . that be two year ago . blue draft 05/20/16 75 . banner what be you say ? I have be hulk for two year ? thor I be afraid so . Banner 's eye bulge . try to process this information . banner what the hell happen ? Banner rush to he foot . thor follow . thor Banner , there 's something you should know ... Banner go to the flight console . quinjet ( v.o. ) Voice activation require . banner Banner . quinjet ( v.o. ) welccome , strongest avenger . thor ( puzzle ) what ? banner ship 's log ... the ship' log pop up on screen . from behind the display ( within the monitor look out ) we see fragment image of the hulk 's trip through deep space . we see the angry green giant thrash around in zero gravity . we see hulk closer to the camera now , look stress and car sick . throw focus to see Banner 's face watch the video , hulk 's freak out face be super- impose over Banner 's freak out face . banner ( cont 'd ) thor , where be we ? blue draft 05/20/16 76 . thor yeah , about that . Banner hear : grandmaster ( o.s. ) it 's bad news , bad news today . Banner rush over to the windshield . through it he see - - grandmaster , he hologram projection tower over the city . grandmaster ( cont 'd ) sakaar , hear ye . attention please . I have some bad news . my beloved , exalt Champion have turn up miss . take to the street . celebrate my champion . banner who 's that ? thor he kind of run the place . you actually live in he house . back to Banner . a distant , confuse stare . banner I do ? thor yeah . quite a lot 's happen . you and I have a fight recently . banner do I win ? thor no , I win . easily . banner do not sound right . thor well , it 's true . grandmaster it seem that that criminally seductive Lord of Thunder have steal he away . blue draft 05/20/16 77 . thor seductive GOD of Thunder . we need to move . banner oh , no . this be bad . this be really , really bad . thor , I think I be freaking out . thor no , no , no . do not freak out . you be okay . put this on . thor toss Banner some clothes . Banner look at they . banner this be tony 's clothes . thor I know , come on . banner be he here ? thor no , he 's not here . but listen . just stay calm , okay ? the sun 's go down . the sun 's get really low . Sun 's go down . 67 int . grandmaster's chamber - day 67 loki and valkyrie be bring before grandmaster , who have at least triple the amount of bodyguard around he . grandmaster I be upset ! I be very upset . you know what I like about be upset ? blame . right now , that 's the mindset that I be in . and you know who I be blame ? loki grandmaster , I - grandmaster hey ! do not interrupt I ! topaz hand the melt stick to the grandmaster . topaz here you go . blue draft 05/20/16 78 . grandmaster why be you hand I the melt stick ? he be interrupt . that 's not a capital violation . ( refocus ) my precious champion have come up miss and its all because of that Lord of Thunder . it 's all because of he . ( to loki ) you brother . whatever the story be . adopted , or complicated . I be sure there 's a big history . ( to valkyrie ) and you contender . loki my dear friend , if you be to give I twelve hour I could bring they both back to you . valkyrie I can do it in two . loki I could do it in one . grandmaster you know what ? I wake up this morning think about a public execution . but for now , I will settle for this sweet little " who 's gonna get he first ? " so you be on the clock . 64 int . grandmaster's palace - day 64 valkyrie exit in a hurry . loki follow she . loki what have you do !? Val reverse position , put loki up against the wall . valkyrie I do not answer to you , lackey . loki it 's loki . and you will answer to the grandmaster . blue draft 05/20/16 79 . loki move to reverse position again , but Val break away , draw she two blade . in response , loki unsheathes two long sakaarian dagger . they eye each other , and then - - fight ! a fast - pace and deadly battle of knife . after a few exchange , Val connect a big shot that slam loki into the wall . he scowl . loki ( cont 'd ) why would you help my brother escape with that green fool ? valkyrie I do not help anyone . loki trail off . he see she wrist marking . a realization . loki you be a valkyrie . I think the valkyrie all die gruesome death ? now Val attack loki ! she get he up against the wall , she blade against he throat . she look ready to kill he . valkyrie choose you next word wisely . loki terribly sorry . must be a very painful memory ... Quick as a rattlesnake , loki grab Val 's head and cast a illusion . Val 's eye cloud over with darkness as we go to : 65 ext . hela' dimension - flashback 65 a barren black void of death . the valkyrie , in old school asgardian armor , charge through the dimensional rift , a open portal to asgard and the nine realm . Val witness this event as moment freeze in time . - reveal hela in all she glory , black lightning everywhere . - dozen of valkyrie fall through the dark space . - the valkyrie 's winge horse lay dead on the battlefield . - through the open portal we can see the throne of asgard . - hela advance on the final few valkyrie - one be Val , freeze in fear , shell - shocked . blue draft 05/20/16 80 . - hela firing black weapon at Val ... - one of Val 's sister diving in at the last second , shove val back through the portal and take the fatal hit ! - Val land hard in the throne room . - Val scramble to she foot and try to re-enter the rift but it 's too late . it close , the last image she see be hela deal the final killer blow to she doom valkyrie sister . 66 ext . grandmaster's palace - continuous 66 we find Val on she knee in front of loki , tremble from this visceral memory that she 's try so hard to suppress . she turn on loki , raging , and knock he out . 69 ext . sakaar - stoop - day 69 banner sit , groan , head in he hand . thor be beside he , rub he back and on the lookout for threat . thor the sun 's go down . it 's get really low . the sun 's go down . it 's get real low . banner would you stop say that !? thor I just need you to stay calm . banner calm !? I be on a alien planet ! thor it 's just a planet . you have be on a planet before . banner yeah ! one ! thor now you have be on two . that 's a good thing . it 's a new experience . banner my neuron , they be fire faster than my brain can handle the information . ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 81 . banner ( cont 'd ) the whole thing be totally different this time . ( beat ) in the past , I always feel like hulk and I each have a hand on the wheel , but this time it 's like he have the key and I be lock in the trunk . thor alright , well , you be back now , that 's all that matter . banner no , it 's not what matter . what I be try to tell you , be that if I turn into the hulk again , Banner may never come back . and we be strand on a planet that be design to stress I out . thor we be not strand , I be gonna figure out a way to get we home . banner thank you . thor not you home , though . asgard . banner what ? thor listen , my people be in great danger . you and I , we have to fight this really powerful be who also happen to be my sister . banner okay , that be so wrong on so many ... I do not wanna fight you sister . that 's a family issue . thor no , she 's a evil be . banner I do not care what she be . I be not fight any more being . I be sick of it . I just tell you . ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 82. banner ( cont 'd ) if I turn into the hulk , I be never gonna come back again . and you do not care . thor no , no . I be put together the team . the hulk be the fire . banner wait , you be just use I to get to the hulk . thor what ? no ! banner it 's gross . you do not care about I . you be not my friend . thor no ! I do not even like the hulk . he 's all like ... " smash , smash , smash . " I prefer you . banner thanks . thor but if I be be honest , when it come to fight evil being , he be very powerful and useful . banner yeah , Banner 's powerful and useful , too . thor be he though ? banner how many phd do hulk have ? Zero . how many phd do Banner have ? Seven . thor Fine , you do not have to fight anyone . but we be in danger here , so we have to move . thor grab a towel from the ground next to he . he put the towel over he head . banner what be you do with that ? blue draft 05/20/16 83. thor I need a disguise . I be a fugitive . banner I need a disguise . thor you be the disguise . Banner find a pair of Stark 's sunglass in he jacket . banner I will be tony Stark . thor what ? banner yeah . tony and the gypsy . thor no , no you be not tony . you be Bruce Banner . banner then why do you dress I up like tony ? thor because you be naked . banner okay , I will give you that . they stand up . Banner adjust he crotch . thor what be you do ? stop do that ! banner tony wear he pants super tight ! thor why be you be so weird ? banner I do not know . maybe the fact that I be trap for two year inside of a monster make I a little weird . Banner flash green . thor calm he down . blue draft 05/20/16 84 . thor hey . it 's okay . you be good . calm down . come on . listen , we be gonna go to asgard and you be not gonna have to think about the hulk ever again . all right ? banner all right . whap ! Banner get nail in the face with green paint . caught off guard , thor and Banner be sweep off into - 69a ext . parade of victor - continuous 69a it 's a massive street festival where reveler dance and cheer while throw powder paint at each other ... in celebration of hulk ! Green everywhere ! Inside the parade it be total chaos . thor search for Banner as he 's pelted with green powder . pandemonium . in the crowd thor see a pack of scrapper on the hunt for the reward . thor spot Banner . he surge forward , grab Banner , and pull he into another alley , but see - - valkyrie be approach from down the alley ! thor this be bad . Banner ! Banner ! thor pull Banner back into the crowd . thor briefly turn to see that he be no longer hold Banner 's - it 's the arm of a SMALL alien who squeal in fright . thor see Banner across the crowd . thor muscle he way through the madness , knock rowdy fan aside . he reach Banner and hold he protectively , awkwardly try to rub he shoulder . one of the alien thor knock aside turn out to be a massive scrapper . he rear up , turn on thor and Banner . wham ! from out of nowhere , valkyrie clock this scrapper with a brass knuckle right cross . the scrapper drop . thor look at Val while clutching Banner like a child . thor ( cont 'd ) hi. blue draft 05/20/16 85 . valkyrie hi. thor I be gonna do that . valkyrie yeah , well , I do it first . thor that 's good . what be you do here ? valkyrie what be you do here ? I think you be leave . thor I get sidetracked . valkyrie what 's with the ... thor it 's my disguise . valkyrie but I can see you face . thor ( cover he face ) not when I do this , you can not . ( then : ) you hair look nice . I like what you do with it . Change it ? washed it maybe ? valkyrie just roll she eye , take thor by the arm . banner ( to thor : ) what be that thing on she eye ? be that the people that she 's kill ? she 's so beautiful and strong ... 69b ext . sakaarian STREET - moment later 69b valkyrie escort thor and Banner through the street . valkyrie who be this guy ? blue draft 05/20/16 86 . thor he 's a friend . banner who ? me? I be Bruce . as Val lead they into sakaarian apartment building . valkyrie I feel like I know you . banner I feel like I know you too . a72 omitted a72 72 omitted 72 a73 int . sakaarian build - hallway - continuous a73 continue down the hallway . valkyrie look , I have spend year in a haze try to forget my past . sakaaar seem like the best place to drink and forget and to die one day . thor I be think that you drink too much , and that probably be go to kill you . valkyrie I do not plan to stop drink , but I do not want to forget . I can not turn away anymore . so , if I be donna to die , well ... it may as well be drive my sword through the heart of that murderous hag . thor good . they arrive at a door . before they enter : valkyrie yeah . so I be say that I wanna be on the team . have it get a name ? thor yeah , it 's call the revenger . blue draft 05/20/16 87 . valkyrie revenger ? thor because I be get revenge . you be get revenge . ( to Banner : ) do you want revenge ? banner I be undecided . thor okay . valkyrie also , I have get a peace offer . 73 int . valkyrie' apartment - day 73 valkyrie open the front door , revealing - - loki ! he be as restrain as anyone could be , sit in the middle of the apartment with a dozen chain around he . lokie surprise . thor toss a bottle . it bounce off of loki 's head . loki ow ! thor just have to be sure . loki hello , Bruce . banner so , last time I see you , you be try to kill everybody . where be you at this day ? loki it vary from moment to moment . Val 's apartment be a shithole . bottle everywhere , blood - spatter clothes in the corner , a knife in the wall , etc . Banner give thor a look like " she might be crazy . " thor respond with a " no , she 's cool " gesture . blue draft 05/20/16 88. Val lay something on the bed . unwrap it to reveal a old asgardian sword . thor 's eye go wide as she sharpen it . thor be that ... a dragonfa ? valkyrie it be . thor my God . this be the fame sword of the valkyrie . valkyrie sakaar and asgard be about as far apart as any two know system . we best bet be a wormhole just outside the city limit . a nice clean wormhole outside the city . valkyrie ( cont 'd ) refuel on xandar and be back in asgard in around 18 month . thor nope . we be go through that one . thor point at the nightmare tornado wormhole over the ocean . valkyrie the Devil 's anus ? banner wait , whose anus be we go through ? thor for the record , I do not know it be call that when I pick it . banner that look like a collapse neutron star inside of a Einstein - rosen Bridge . valkyrie we need another ship . that would tear mine to piece . thor she 's right . we need one that can withstand the geodetic strain from the singularity . blue draft 05/20/16 89 . Banner give thor a quizzical look . banner and have a offline power steering system that could also function without the on-board computer . valkyrie and we need one with cup holder , because we be gonna die . so , drink ! banner do I know you ? I feel like I know you . valkyrie I feel like I know you , too . it 's weird . thor ( to Banner : ) what do you say , doctor ? unchart metagalactic travel through a volatile cosmic gateway . talk about a adventure . thor and Banner high five as Val stare at they blankly . banner thor ( cont 'd ) we need a ship . need a ship . valkyrie there be one or two ship , absolute top -of- the-line model -- loki I do not mean to impose , but the grandmaster have a great many ship . I may eve have steal the access code to he security system . all eye turn to loki . valkyrie throw she bottle at he . it smashes above he head . valkyrie and suddenly you be overcome with a urge to do the right thing . loki heavens , no . I have run out of favor with the grandmaster . ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 90 . loki ( cont 'd ) and in exchange for code and access to a ship I be ask for safe passage ... through the anus . thor you be tell we you can get we access into the garage without set off any alarm ? loki yes , brother . I can . banner okay , can I just ... a quick fyi , I be just talk to he just a couple minute ago and he be totally ready to kill any of we . valkyrie he do try to kill I . thor yes , I too . on many , many occasion . there be one time when we be child , he transformed himself into a snake , and he know that I love snake . so , I go to pick up the snake to admire it and he transformed back into himself and he be like , " yeah , it 's I ! " and he stab I . we be eight at the time . loki suppress a smile . valkyrie if we be boost a ship , we be gonna need to draw some guard away from the palace . loki why not set the beast loose ? thor shut up . valkyrie you guy have a beast ? thor no , there 's no beast . he 's just be stupid . we be go to start a revolution . blue draft 05/20/16 91 . banner Revolution ? thor I will explain later . valkyrie who 's this guy again ? thor I will explain later . 74 omitted 74 75 int . the arena - gladiator cell - moment later 75 korg sit with he cell mate . he 's talk to miek . korg be that some sort of protoplasm , all the stuff that 's come out of you ? or be they egg ? look like egg . suddenly he obedience disk power down . no longer glow . as korg stand up , valkyrie appear at the door to he cell . valkyrie I be look for korg . korg who 's ask ? I know you be ask . be anyone else ask , or be it just you ? valkyrie toss he a high - tech rifle . valkyrie the Lord of Thunder send he best . korg my revolution have begin ... 76 int . grandmaster's chamber - day 76 grandmaster speak with topaz who now wear battle armor . grandmaster Revolution ? how do this happen ? blue draft 05/20/16 92 . topaz do not know . but the Arena 's mainframe for the obedience disk have be deactivate and the slave have armed themselves . grandmaster oh ! I do not like that word ! topaz mainframe ? grandmaster no . why would I not like " mainframe ? " no , the " S " word . topaz sorry , the " prisoner with job " have armed themselves . grandmaster okay , that 's better . cha - chnk ! sound of machinery as the whole space start move . a different angle reveal that we be in - a77 ext . the statesman - continuous a77 grandmaster 's chamber be actually the oversize cockpit of a a huge riot control ship ( the statesman ) that can dock itself indefinitely within the palace ! the statesman have dislodged from the palace and be now flanke by six smaller sakaarian peace - keep ship , all head towards the city where rioting can be hear . 77 int . grandmaster's palace - ground level - continuous 77 thor wait as loki enter code to a door 's security panel . thor hey , so listen , we should talk . loki I disagree . open communication be never we family 's forte . thor you have no idea . I have have quite the revelation since we speak last . the door open , revealing a bunch of guard . blue draft 05/20/16 93. thor and loki heft up two sakaarian gun . thor ( cont 'd ) hello ! loki hi! thor and loki blast all the guard , move to another door . loki ( cont 'd ) odin bring we together , it 's almost poetic that he death should split we apart . we might as well be stranger now . " two son of the crown " set adrift . a guard try to ambush loki through the door . thor take out the guard . thor think you do not want to talk about it ? 79 int . grandmaster's palace - elevator - continuous 79 thor and loki be go up . loki here 's the thing . I be probably better off stay here on sakaar . thor that 's exactly what I be think . loki ... do you just agree with I ? thor this place be perfect for you . it 's savage , chaotic , lawless . brother , you be go to do great here . loki do you truly think so little of I ? thor pause , consider he brother . then : thor loki , I think the world of you . I think we be gonna fight side by side forever . but , at the end of the day , you be you , I be I ... ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 94 . thor ( cont 'd ) I do not know , maybe there 's still good in you , but let 's be honest , we path diverge a long time ago . loki be wounded by thor 's willingness to discard he . mask he feeling with : loki it 's probably for the best that we never see one another again . beat . thor pat loki affectionately on the shoulder . hold on loki . do thor just get through to he ? thor that 's what you always want . beat . then : thor ( cont 'd ) hey , let 's do " get help . " loki what ? thor " get help . " loki no . thor come on , you love it . loki I hate it . thor it 's great . it work every time . loki it 's humiliate . thor do you have a better plan ? loki no . thor we be do it . blue draft 05/20/16 95 . loki we be not do " get help . " 80 omitted 80 82 int . grandmaster's private garage - continuous 82 multi-tiered platform with dozen of cool spaceship . the elevator door open . thor support loki 's weight with loki fake a fatal injury . thor get help ! please ! my brother , he 's die . a small group of sakaarian guard turn toward thor and loki . one guard aim he gun at they . thor ( cont 'd ) get help ! help he ! thor pick up loki and fling he at the guard , knock they down like bowl pin . loki stand up and thor step to loki 's side . thor ( cont 'd ) classic . loki I still hate it . it 's humiliate . thor not for I , it 's not . thor ( cont 'd ) which one 's the ship she tell we to get ? loki ( point ) the commodore . the commodore starship . brand new , solidly build , sleek . as they walk towards it a duplicate loki form and lag behind . the loki walk with thor be a illusion . loki ( cont 'd ) though I feel it will not make much of a difference ... blue draft 05/20/16 96 . we follow the real loki as he slink away towards the security system panel . he activate the panel and bring up a screen that will set off all the alarm palace - wide ! thor ( o.s. ) oh , loki . loki turn to see thor look not at all surprised . loki I know I have betrayed you many time before , but this time it 's truly nothing personal . the reward for you capture will set I up nicely . he triggers the alarm . 82b int . grandmaster's private garage - continuous 82b thor never one for sentiment , be you ? loki easier to let it burn . but then loki see thor hold up a fob device . loki realize that thor affix a obedience disk on he in that heart - to-heart moment . thor I agree . bzzzt ! thor zap loki and hold down the button . loki hit the ground , writhing in pain . thor approach . pause . thor ( cont 'd ) oh brother , you be become predictable . I trust you , you betray I . round and round in circle we go . thor continue to " think about it " for a beat while loki convulse in agony on the floor . finally , thor kneel down : thor ( cont 'd ) see , loki , life be about , it 's about growth . it 's about change . but you seem to just wanna stay the same . I guess what I be try to say be that you will always be the God of mischief , but you could be more . I will just put this over here for you . blue draft 05/20/16 97 . thor place the fob on top of the security panel , so close but so far from loki 's paralyze reach . thor ( cont 'd ) anyway , I get place to be so good luck . 82c int . commodore ship - moment later 82c thor be see in the cockpit . thor all right , I can figure this out . it 's just another spaceship . 83 ext . grandmaster's palace - moment later 83 the massive garage door OPEN . this set off blaring alarm to alert the palace of this unauthorize departure . the commodore ship lift off from the garage . in the cockpit thor push forward on the throttle . the ship zoom ahead . grandmaster loyal sakaarian , Lord of Thunder have steal my ship and my favorite champion . sakaarian , take to the sky . bring he down . do not let he leave this planet . below : pilot hastily rush to they Palace patrol ship so as to pursue the commodore . the first two ship out of the garage swoop around behind thor . the patrol ship be locking weapon on thor when - - boom -boom ! they be both blow out of the sky by - 84 int . warsong ship - same 84 Val be all focus , fly and firing . Banner sit shotgun . banner good shot ! 85 ext . sakaar - day 85 thor 's ship and Val 's ship now zip through the city in tandem . on the horizon we can see - blue draft 05/20/16 98 . - the statesman , the enlarge grandmaster , and he riot Control team raining down hell on the revolting prisoner . 86 int . commodore ship - continuous 86 thor in the pilot 's seat . Val come in over the radio . valkyrie ( v.o. ) open the door . thor look over the console . flip a switch . 87 int . warsong ship - continuous 87 valkyrie steer down , drop altitude . her whole ship spin upside down , yet she cockpit be still right - side up . valkyrie I hope that you be tougher than you look . banner why ? Val max out the throttle . the ship accelerate . when she 's under thor 's ship , Val press - - the eject button ! Banner be launched out of the ship ! 88 int . commodore ship - continuous 88 thor at the control . we hear a income scream of increase volume . " aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh !!!!! " thunk ! Banner be shot up into the ship . rough landing . Banner casually lift he arm up and give a thumb up . clunk ! clunk ! clunk ! clunk ! the ship be be fire upon by another pursuit vehicle . Banner join thor . banner should not we be shoot back or something ? thor yes , we should . ( into the radio : ) where be the gun on this ship ? blue draft 05/20/16 99 . valkyrie ( v.o. ) there be not any . it 's a leisure vessel . thor / banner what ?! valkyrie grandmaster use it for he good time , orgy and stuff . thor and Banner look around . the ceiling have mirror on it and the floor be cover in a sakaarian persian rug . banner do she just say the grandmaster use it for orgy ? thor yeah . do not touch anything . clunk ! clunk ! clunk ! more fire from behind . a89 int . warsong ship - the same a89 Val 's ship be hit . she rotate the cockpit to face backward and open fire , take out the attack chase - ship . but now in Val 's cockpit ... spark . smoke . alarm . in the distance Val clock the grandmaster 's riot ship raining terror down on the mass . a look of determination as she pop the hatch above - she ship be now a convertible . 89 ext . sakaar - continuous 89 meanwhile , warsong zoom out from under thor 's ship , still accelerate . Val have turn she ship into a missile , and its trajectory be the grandmaster 's riot Control ship ! grandmaster be still taunting he former captive below when - -ka - boom ! warsong slam into the statesman , specifically the grandmaster 's projection ! enlarge grandmaster stumble , struggle to maintain he balance . warsong explode while the statesman be knock off kilter and go down for a hard landing in the market ! blue draft 05/20/16 100 . 90 int . commodore ship - continuous 90 thor and Banner witness the fiery explosion of Val 's kamikaze flight path ! thor no ! thor experience a brief instant of heartbreak / devastation ... ... but then notice a spec come out of the explosion . thwack ! Val hit the ship 's windshield and grab hold ! residual smoke wafting off of she . 91 omitted 91 92 ext . sakaar - the wasteland - continuous 92 thor pilot the ship out of the city into the wasteland as six sakaarian fighter ship race after they in formation . the follow dogfight will proceed across the wasteland and then out over the sakaarian Ocean . 93 int . commodore ship - continuous 93 Val be still on the windshield . gunfire ! one of the pursue ship wing the commodore , cause it to lurch . thor get inside ! valkyrie in a minute ! Val pull herself up and then run down the roof of the ship ! thor and Banner follow the thumping of she footstep . 94 ext . commodore ship - continuous 94 in full sprint , Val leap off and - - land hard on the lead sakaarian ship ! Val begin tearing into the enemy ship with she bare hand ! 95 int . commodore ship - continuous 95 thor and Banner exchange a look . pause . blue draft 05/20/16 101 . thor I should probably go and help . thor abruptly exit , leave Banner at the ship 's control . thor ( cont 'd ) here , take the wheel . banner no . I do not know how to fly one of this . thor you be a scientist . use one of you phd . banner none of they be for fly alien spaceship ! 96 ext . the sakaarian ocean - continuous 96 thor leap into the middle of this high - speed dogfight ! this two superhuman asgardian begin jump between they pursuer 's ship , take out gun , engine , and pilot with they bare hand . it 's spectacular and epic . thor rip out a engine block and use it to crush a pilot . Val drag she blade down the entire underbelly of a ship before backflipping to another . back and forth they go , even pass each other mid-flight a few time . one by one the sakaarian ship go down . a97 int . commodore ship - same a97 Banner be frantically steering the ship , do he best to dodge all the income fire . he peel away and be follow by topaz , who be in she own chase - ship . Banner notice a button with a little explosion icon . banner okay , come on . there 's gotta be a gun on this thing . that look like a gun . Banner presses the button . blue draft 05/20/16 102. the ship 's lighting change , like a disco effect . weird dance music blast over the PA , follow by grandmaster 's voice . grandmaster ( v.o. ) it 's my birthday ! it 's my birthday ! it 's my birthday . Banner be so confuse . then we hear firework . b97 ext . the sakaarian ocean - continuous b97 massive plume of powder paint shoot out of the ship follow by a huge colorful firework display . and then a rainforest 's worth of confetti be dumped from the hull ! topaz be suddenly in the middle of a party smoke screen ! she try to fly she way through all the firework and streamer , but ultimately she hit a hard crash landing in the ocean . banner yeah ! meanwhile , thor and Val land together on the one remain sakaarian ship . Val leak a smile to thor . thor yank off the cockpit cover , Val toss the pilot , and together they push forward on the throttle . the ship speed forward . just then Banner pull the commodore back on the scene , hover above they . they leap up towards the commodore 's open door as the ship crash and explode behind they ! 97b int . commodore ship - continuous 97b thor and valkyrie join Banner in the cockpit . valkyrie guy , we be come up on the Devil 's anus ! 97f int . grandmaster's garage - day 97f korg and miek enter , lead a group of gladiator rebel . korg see and then point to the supercruiser . korg there she be . we ticket out of here . hey , what 's this ? blue draft 05/20/16 103. the obedience disk fob on the ground . he pick it up . korg then notice loki , twitching and convulsing on the ground . he 's barely make any progress towards the fob . loki lock eye with korg , a desperate and furious plea . korg look at loki , then at the fob , then back to loki . loki give korg a maniacal , plead look . korg get it . he deactivate the obedience disk . loki stand , dust himself off . loki thank you . korg hey man , we be about to jump on that ginormous spaceship . you wanna come ? loki you do seem like you be in desperate need of leadership . korg why thank you . a98 omitted a98 b98 omitted b98 98 ext . the devil be anus wormhole - continuous 98 valkyrie here we go ! the commodore ship be swallow up by the tower nightmare that be the Devil 's anus wormhole . the ship 's onboard computer short out . darkness in the cabin . all around they the hull creak . under strain . the commodore head toward the end of the wormhole . debris fly past the camera . thor , Val , and Banner all look like they be in extreme pain , as there 's great concern the ship could be tear apart . blue draft 05/20/16 104 . 98a ext . asgard - plaza - day 98a skurge address a crowd of asgardian . hela behind he lean against fenris , she giant wolf . skurge asgardian , some misguide soul have steal the bifrost sword . tell we where it be , or there will be consequence . bad one . we be now in the smoking ruin of asgard . 100 + asgardian have be force to line in a large piazza , all exhaust , all scared . patrol the perimeter be hela 's butcher . skurge ( cont 'd ) well ? hela point to a asgardian woman off camera . hela you . hela 's butcher approach the crowd and find the asgardian woman . skurge close he eye and look downward . asgardian citizen no ! stop ! hela 's butcher pull the asgardian woman to the step . they shove she and she fall tot he floor . the woman be on she hand and knee as skurge turn to she . she tremble as skurge hold he battle axe with both hand . hela well ? executioner ? asgardian man wait ! I know where the sword be . 99 ext . the devil be anus wormhole - day 99 the commodore near the end of the wormhole and be - - spit out into the calmness of outer space . 100 omitted 100 blue draft 05/20/16 105 . 101 int . commodore ship - continuous 101 Banner , thor , and valkyrie be all unconscious . Banner wake up and look outside , the star reflect in the windshield . thor and valkyrie wake up . outside they see - - the realm of asgard , a flat city in the middle of a island float in space . valkyrie ( mix emotion ) I never think I would be back here . the ship descend into the cloud above asgard . banner I think it would be nicer . I mean , not that it 's not nice . it 's just , it 's on fire . the ship clear the cloud to reveal - - asgard in ruins . a devastate ghost town . fire , wrecked building , dead soldier . it look like all hope be lost . valkyrie here , up here in the mountain . a project map on the console show the mountain where the stronghold be locate . there be a red dot in the mountain , indicate where the asgardian citizen be . valkyrie ( cont 'd ) heat signature . people cluster together . hela 's come for they . thor okay , drop I off at the palace and I will draw she away . valkyrie and get yourself kill ? thor the people trap down there be all that matter . while I be deal with hela , I need you two to help get everyone off asgard . banner how the hell be we suppose to do that ? blue draft 05/20/16 106 . thor I have a man on the ground . 101a int . asgard / stronghold - day 101a heimdall look to the asgardian citizen . heimdall asgard . she 's here . 109 ext . palace - plaza - day 109 valkyrie be help thor load a massive asgardian blaster into the side of the commodore . thor now the ship have gun . valkyrie I will take it from here . thor produce a bundle of fabric with gold and white plating . thor I find this in the armory . Val immediately recognize its significance . she do not want to be affect by this gesture , but can not help it . they share a look as the commodore lift off into the air . before she 's out of earshot , Val call down : valkyrie " you majesty . " do not die . you know what I mean . the commodore fly away , leave thor on the balcony . 109a int . throne room - continuous 109a thor 's footstep echo through the empty space . he see the item from the vault scattered beside the throne . thor see a chunk of plaster from the dismantle fresco . he pick it up and see that this piece of fresco bear a portion of he own face . thor then look up , off camera . his eye go wide . he look up at the ceiling where he painting use to be and find the original which depict odin and hela conquer the nine realm , with hela 's butcher all around they . hela hold mjolnir . blue draft 05/20/16 107 . 106 omitted 106 107 ext . asgard - mountain ravine - day 107 hela , cowl &amp ; headdress on , stand with skurge outside of the mountain stronghold where heimdall be hide the refugee . hela raise she arm and fire long thin black lance , which burrow into crevice on the mountainside . from here , we tilt up , look straight at the sky . with the lance in place , hela bear down . summon all she focus and energy , she begin to vibrate this manifestation of she power , puncturing crevice and split rock apart . the whole mountain begin to rumble . 108 omitted 108 110 ext . asgard - mountain stronghold - same 110 crack ! hela rip OPEN the side of the mountain ! there be a avalanche of rock and debris . the mountain around the door completely destroy , the door fall across the ravine , create a bridge for hela and skurge . hela wait patiently for the dust to settle and see - - a empty stronghold . no sign of heimdall or the refugee . 111 ext . secret mountain path - same 111 heimdall lead the migration of refugee out the other side of the mountain onto a secluded mountain path . heimdall we must keep move ! go to the bifrost ! 112 int . commodore - dusk 112 Banner fly the commodore out across the city . Val put on she glove , cuff on she forearm , boot , and breastplate . she grab she dragonfa sword and put it at she side . Val man the blaster , and we see that she 's change into the classic white &amp ; gold valkyrie armor ( thor 's gift ) . bad ass . blue draft 05/20/16 108. 113 ext . mountain stronghold - dusk 113 hela be about to throttle skurge when - -a loud go SOUND . it 's come from far away , but the deep note resonate across the land . gong-gong-gong-gong ! hela look to the Palace , she eye narrowing with rage . 114 int . throne room - continuous 114 find thor on the throne hold gungnir - the king be spear , odin 's signature spear . slamming the butt of it on the ground . go ... go ... hela step into the throne room . headdress &amp ; cowl off . thor stop the gonging when he see hela . thor sister . smiling , hela gradually cross the huge space towards thor . hela you be still alive . thor I love what you have do with the place . redecorate , I see . hela it seem we father 's solution to every problem be to cover it up . thor or to cast it out . ( then : ) he tell you you be worthy . he say the same thing to I . angle on hela in the frescos , fight with mjolnir . hela you see , you never know he , not at he best . ( nostalgic sigh ) odin and I drown entire civilization in blood and tear . where do you think all this gold come from ? and then one day he decide to become a benevolent king . ( more ) blue draft 05/20/16 109 . hela ( cont 'd ) to foster peace , to protect life . ( with tooth ) to have you . thor I understand why you be angry . and you be my sister , and technically have a claim to the throne . and believe I , I would love for someone else to rule . but it can not be you . you be just ... the worst . hela put on she headdress . hela okay , get up . you be in my seat . thor ( stand up ) you know , Father once tell I that a wise king never seek out war . hela but must always be ready for it . they charge each other . 115 ext . rainbow bridge - same 115 heimdall lead the refugee out onto the bridge . but then he stop . sense something . at the far end of the bridge be fenris ! the massive war wolf be guard the observatory ! heimdall go back ! the refugee turn to retreat . fenris charge ! gunfire from above ! the commodore swoops onto the scene , valkyrie man the blaster and firing on fenris , who stop he charge . as the refugee retreat , they come to a stop because ... ... skurge be leading a army of butcher behind they ! heimdall and the refugee be now trap on the bridge between fenris and skurge ! blue draft 05/20/16 110 . 116 int . throne room - continuous 116 hela and thor fight , hela wield twin black blade . they clash and thor block a attack with gungnir . they be face to face , hela glaring at thor . hela to be honest , I expect more . hela disarm he , send gungnir clatter across the room . hela strike out send thor flying hard into a wall . 117 ext . rainbow bridge - same 117 hela 's butcher stand behind skurge . skurge heimdall ! the sword ! the Butcher army charge Val and Banner hold the remain butcher off with gunfire . heimdall be look toward the palace , concern for thor . but he attention soon go back to protect the mass of humanity behind he . he look out to the observatory heimdall we must cross now ! to bi-frost ! heimdall lead the refugee out onto the bridge . 118 int . throne room - continuous 118 hela pin thor against the wall . hela here 's the difference between we . I be odin 's firstborn , the rightful heir , the savior of asgard . ( beat ) and you be nothing . hela project a large spike lance , thor barely roll out of the way before it puncture the wall . thor headbutt hela . it do nothing . hela respond with she own headbutt . it do a lot . blue draft 05/20/16 111. hela ( cont 'd ) so simple . even a blind man could see it . hela rake a black - claw hand across thor 's face . in do so , she rip out one of he eye ! hela ( cont 'd ) now you remind I of dad . 119 ext . rainbow bridge - same 119 asgardian clash with hela 's butcher . valkyrie keep raining down fire on fenris , but it be do no real damage . just pissing the wolf off . fenris shake off the bullet and resume charging . heimdall see fenris charge and step out in front of the refugee with he sword , prepare for the worst . 120 int . commodore ship - same 120 valkyrie give up shoot . valkyrie this stupid dog will not die ! Banner look down at the carnage below . make a decision . he get up and head for the bay door . banner everything 's go to be okay . I get this . you want to know who I be ? valkyrie what the hell be you talk about ? banner you will see . Banner leap out of the ship ! blue draft 05/20/16 112. 121 ext . rainbow bridge - continuous 121 Banner soar through the air . it 's a awe -inspire image as we follow Banner 's trajectory downward . his face be determine , arm churn , ready to hulk out ... ... except it do not happen . worry wash over he face . splat ! Banner faceplant on the bridge , seem to break every bone in he body . he look dead . pause . fenris sniff he curiously . we notice one vein on Banner 's neck pumping GREEN . then - - Banner suddenly explode up as the incredible hulk , upper - cutting fenris in the jaw ! hulk be now in a wrestle match with a beast four time he size - the two of they go tumbling into the water below . 122 ext . palace balcony - same 122 hela have thor by the throat . she lift he up to look over the balcony 's ledge . hela you see ? no one 's go anywhere . ( then : ) I will get that sword even if I have to kill every single one of they to do it . thor look down . distraught . heartsick . 123 ext . rainbow bridge - continuous 123 Val pilot the commodore towards the battle on the city side of the bridge . skurge 's battlion of butcher surge forward - - boom ! Val land the commodore on top of they , skidding across the bridge , crushing the front line of the butcher , and knocking skurge aside . the impact triggers the party function , set off party music and a firework display . Val emerge from the ship in full battle mode . behind she , the commodore firework provide a spectacular hero backdrop . she draw dragonfang and smile as butcher begin swarm towards she . she be where she need to be . meanwhile , the asgardian huddle together , pack so tight that some begin to fall off the side of the bridge , love one grab they and pull they back up . there 's no hope . blue draft 05/20/16 113. heimdall fight off butcher , but get knocked down . just as it look like he 's about to take a kill blow - -bam ! the Butcher be blasted . korg step into frame , hold the blaster ! korg hey man . I be korg . this be miek . miek step into frame , wave . korg ( cont 'd ) we be go to jump on that spaceship and get out of here . want to come ? heimdall be beyond confuse , but then ... a loud noise . hela look down to see - -emerging from the thick low -hanging fog be loki ! resplendent in horn , arm spread wide , seem to float towards the bridge like a mythical angel of mercy . loki you savior be here ! the fog dissipate around he , revealing that loki 's stand on the grandmaster's supercruiser ! for reason that will become clear , we will henceforth call this ship the ark . and loki be not alone . he 's bring along all the prisoner from the Contest of champion . armed with gladiator weapon . the ark slow to a stop at the middle of bridge . above : even with hela 's hand on he throat , thor can not help but smile at the sight of loki . hela however sneer . hela that little shit . below : loki and the sakaarian gladiator jump off the ark and onto the bridge , join the fight against hela 's force . loki do you miss I ? everybody on that ship , now . the asgardian refugee begin pouring onto the ark . the only way onto the ark be a narrow plankway , so there be a immediate bottleneck effect - thousand of frighten people all push for a chance at salvation . it 's mayhem . loki walk through the crowd to heimdall . blue draft 05/20/16 114. heimdall welcome home . I see you come . loki of course you do . loki join heimdall and the gladiator in fend off hela 's encroach minion . 124 omitted 124 125 omitted 125 126 ext . palace balcony - same 126 hela be perturb , but not enraged . she turn she gaze back to thor for a final farewell . hela a valiant effort , but you never stand a chance . thor look up from he friend protect he people as they frenziedly board to ark to - - the twilight star come out over asgard . there 's a glimmer of stardust in the sky . hela ( cont 'd ) you see ? I be not a queen , or a monster . flash : push in on odin at the cliff . hela ( cont 'd ) I be the goddess of death . flash : push in on odin at the cliff . hela ( cont 'd ) what be you the God of again ? as hela dig two blade into he chest , thor scream ... and everything go silent . sky . we pan down to - blue draft 05/20/16 115. 126a ext . cliff - day 126a - where we find thor ( dress and injure as he be on the balcony ) , back in the sweeping field where we meet hela for the first time . odin ( o.s. ) even when you have two eye you be only see half the picture . thor turn to see he father , sit where we last see he . thor fall to he knee . thor she 's too strong . without my hammer I cannot -- odin be you thor , God of hammer ? thor look up , meeting he gaze . odin ( cont 'd ) that hammer help you control you power , focus it . but it be never the source of you strength . odin stand , as do thor . thor it 's too late . she 's already take asgard . odin asgard be not a place . never have be . ( gesture around he ) this could be asgard . it be wherever we people stand . and right now that people need you . odin turn to go . thor I be not as strong as you . odin no . you be stronger . as odin turn to leave , a shadow in the shape of hela be headdress fall across he . he look up and we be ... blue draft 05/20/16 116. 126b ext . palace balcony - continuous 126b thor look up to the sky . she dig the blade deeper into thor 's chest . he groan in pain . everything darken as black cloud gather overhead . hela tell I brother , what be you the God of again ...? close on thor 's clench fist , small arc of electricity form . - the loudest crack of thunder you've ever heard ! in a instant , thor and hela be engulfed in a bolt of lightning !! ka - boom ! hela be blasted out of the lightning and send crashing into the street of asgard . her costume be tatter , the black extension of she power hang off she body in some place . she appear to be unconscious ! all around asgard , everyone look up at this massive strike . 127 ext . rainbow bridge ( observatory side ) - continuous 127 boom ! thor land hard on he foot . muscle swollen , vein pulsing with electricity . a live storm . thor dive into the fray . he move like a bolt of lightning , surging through the army of butcher in quick slashing jolt . 128 ext . rainbow bridge ( CITY side ) - same 128 valkyrie charge into the ocean of butcher . wield dragonfa , backlit by the pop of firework . 129 ext . rainbow bridge ( hero shot ) - continuous 129 move across the entire epic battle . on the city side , valkyrie cut a swathe through the relentless onslaught of butcher . heavy damage . at the middle of the bridge , heimdall help load the flee asgardian onto the ark . within the melee be loki , korg and the sakaarian . loki slashes through butcher wield he two long dagger . blue draft 05/20/16 117 . in the water below , hulk and fenris wrestle in a colossal clash of fist , claw , and teeth . Beyond that , thor be wield electrify weapon and blasting entire pack of butcher off the bridge ! lose in the chaos be skurge , who see the tide turn . he throw down he axe and blend into the crowd . 130 omitted 130 131 omitted 131 132 ext . asgard - water below - continuous 132 fenris have hulk in he mouth , underwater . try to drow the green goliath ! fenris ' tooth puncture hulk 's skin . he bellows , thrashing . hulk wind up and slam fenris in the snout ! fenris snap back , revealing that - - they 've reached the realm' edge ! fenris be knock off , plummete off of asgard into space . hulk grab hold of the slippery rock , desperately try to climb back as water pour down on he . a133 omitted a133 133 ext . the ark - same 133 asgardian continue rushing onto the ship . in the crowd we find skurge ! he 's throw a cloak over himself and be sneaking in amongst the refugee . 134 omitted 134 135 omitted 135 136 omitted 136 137 omitted 137 138 omitted 138 blue draft 05/20/16 118. 139 omitted 139 a140 ext . rainbow bridge - continuous a140 we heroes have drastically thin down the herd of butcher . it 's pandemonium . the ark 's engine be deafen , but you can still hear the sound of terrify people scream . thor help loki to he foot . thor you be late . loki you be miss a eye . valkyrie finish off a handful of enemy , but then notice something . she whistle to get the other ' attention . valkyrie this be not over . all around the bridge , we heroes look to see - - hela arrive at the far side of bridge . she be seethe with power , a vision of death . have just come out of this huge battle , they be all weary and nursing injury . loki and Val be hurt worse than thor . hela walk towards they . menace and deliberate . thor , loki , and Val step forward to protect the asgardian . they huddle together . thor I think we should disband the revenger . loki hit she with a lightning blast . thor I just hit she with the biggest lightning blast in the history of lightning . it do nothing . valkyrie we need to hold she off until everybody 's on board . blue draft 05/20/16 119 . thor look at the people board behind he . thor it will not end there . the longer hela 's on asgard the more powerful she grow . she will hunt we down . we need to stop she here and now . valkyrie what 's we move ? loki I be not do " get help . " thor see hela approach . he see the palace behind she . he come to a realization . thor asgard 's not a place , it 's a people . ( then ) this be never about stop ragnarok ... it be about cause ragnarok . ( to loki : ) go to the vault . surtur 's crown . it 's the only way . loki ( impressed ) bold move , brother . even for I . loki run off , leave thor and Val to deal with hela . thor shall we ? valkyrie after you . thor attack . they clash , kick off this monumental confrontation . hela manifest pitch black weapon to attack thor , but thor be conjure powerful bolt of electricity with the same speed and ferocity . just as thor be surging with newfound lightning power , hela 's power seem to be enhance as well . the battle be relentless and fast - pace . thor be hold he own against hela . maybe they can win this thing . after several fearsome exchange , hela puncture he shoulder and then dart past he with startling speed . blue draft 05/20/16 120. undeterred , thor rush hela again . valkyrie join in , force hela to fight they both . bb140 ext . the ark - same bb140 while the asgardian still scramble to get on board above - - find the commodore ship , swoop down below the bridge . bc140 int . commodore ship - continuous bc140 find loki in the pilot 's seat . loki this be madness . the ship accelerate towards the palace of asgard . bd140 ext . rainbow bridge - continuous bd140 thor continue fighting hela while valkyrie block hela 's attempt to spear the asgardian from afar . hela be not landing any fatal blow , but she 's carve thor up and make steady progress towards the ark . however , the asgardian refugee finally make it aboard . a injure heimdall , korg , and miek be the last to get on . thor and heimdall make eye contact . thor call out : thor go ! go now ! as the ark 's engine begin to power up - - hela harpoon thor . he go down , grimace in pain . hela begin to conjure a enormous manifestation of her power , a giant black spike from the bedrock of asgard that stab the ark and prevent it from leaving ! butcher begin to scramble up onto the ark ! b140 omitted b140 be140 ext . ark - continuous be140 the refugee react in terror as the butcher begin climbing from the bridge to the ark . in the frighten crowd we find - blue draft 05/20/16 121. - skurge , still cloak . he see innocent asgardian huddle together , try to protect they family . he 's have a crisis of conscience . a epiphany . c140 omitted c140 d140 omitted d140 e140 int . odin be vault - same e140 loki rush in and pick up surtur 's skull . as he walk towards the eternal flame , the tesseract draw he attention . tempt he . f140 ext . the ark - continuous f140 the first wave of butcher arrive on board , head straight for a cower family . just as they be about to be kill -- pow ! pow ! pow ! the butcher fall dead . everyone turn to see skurge , now uncloak , wield he two m - 16 from Texas . skurge for asgard . skurge run forward , leap off the ark , and land on the bridge right where all the butcher be come to life . blasting away the butcher before they can get aboard . behind skurge , the ark begin to lift off . skurge keep firing and then - skurge ( cont 'd ) hela ! hela turn to see skurge blast he way through she butcher , try to make he way to she . disappointed , hela fire a blade through skurge 's heart . skurge have be kill ... ... but the ark now ascend unfetter . blue draft 05/20/16 122. 140 int . odin be vault - same 140 loki place surtur 's skull in the eternal flame . loki with the eternal flame , you be reborn . as the fire crackle , surtur 's skull begin to grow . 141 ext . rainbow bridge - continuous 141 hela have Val in she clutches , but she focus be on the aftermath of skurge 's last stand and the ark 's subsequent escape . she 's furious , about to unleash hell when - thor ( o.s. ) hela ! enough ! hela turn to see thor , have yank out the harpoon ... ... and it look like he 's lay down he sword ! thor ( cont 'd ) you want asgard ? it 's yours . hela whatever game you be play , it will not work . you can not defeat I . thor no , but he can . ka - boom ! exploding through the roof of the palace be surtur ! this be a different surtur than the open . he be slowly but steadily growing in size , and he carry with he a massive flame sword , which grow as well . surtur 's arrival literally shake the bedrock of asgard , cause fissure to spiderweb all around he , and dislodging some of the foundation on the bridge and around the palace . hela 's eye go wide . she be not expect this . hela no ...no ! a142 omitted a142 blue draft 05/20/16 123. b142 ext . rainbow bridge - continuous b142 in the background the ark continue its ascent , now high up above the city . hela 's attention be on surtur as the palace collapse around he . so she be unprepare for - - shlnk ! mustering up all she remain strength , Val drive dragonfa through hela 's chest , effectively pinning she to the bridge . refocused on Val , hela go to deliver a death blow when - - thor bolt forward ! he pull Val from hela 's clutches . thor turn and fire lightning into dragonfang , which dislodges the section of the bridge that hela be pin to ! the ground beneath hela break free and she go falling down into the expand fissure in asgard 's bedrock . badly injure , thor and valkyrie look up to see - - surtur increasing in size , now tower over the palace . surtur tremble before I asgard , for I be you reckoning ! surtur swing he sword , destroy a entire city block . thor and valkyrie look up . valkyrie the people be safe . that 's all that matter . thor we be fulfil the prophecy . valkyrie I hate this prophecy . thor so do I , but we have no choice . in the background , hulk hop up onto the bridge . look around , zeroing in on surtur . surtur surtur destroy asgard , he destroy hela so that we people can live . blue draft 05/20/16 124. hulk charge behind they , still unseen by thor and Val . thor we need to let he finish ... ( finally see hulk ) no ! hulk leap up and land onto surtur' face and begin pounding the fire giant with furious punch ! thor ( cont 'd ) hulk no ! stop it you moron !! it 's not do much damage , but the shock of it plus hulk 's impact make surtur take a destructive step back . hulk be try to rip out one of surtur 's horn when surtur reach up and grab he with a giant fiery hand . surtur hurl hulk away from he . send he crashing down . hulk stumble to he foot , daze and smoking . after gather he bearing , hulk get really angry and head back towards surtur for round two , but - thor ( cont 'd ) hulk , just for once in you life , do not smash ! hulk but ...big monster . valkyrie hulk ! let 's go . hulk stop . look between surtur and thor &amp ; Val . this be a real Sophie 's Choice for hulk . on the one hand , he really want to kill that thing . on the other hand ... hulk Friends . hulk pick up thor and valkyrie . he then squat down , and - - leap with all he might ! the trio shoot up into the night sky like a rocket blast off . they trajectory be head right at the ark as it reach the lower orbit of asgard . 142 ext . ark - platform - continuous 142 hulk land gently , as though he be step out of bed . he casually drop thor and Val , both exhaust . blue draft 05/20/16 125. 143 ext . asgard - same 143 a bird 's eye view show total carnage and madness on asgard . surtur have grow to extinction level scale . slashing away at the landscape below , when suddenly - -a massive black spike explode from the water and slam into surtur' chest ! from beneath the water , hela explode back onto the scene , riding a huge spike manifestation of she power . she 's go for surtur . attacking with all she might . surtur wind up , hold he sword above he head . surtur I be asgard 's doom !! true to he word , surtur fulfill he destiny and - - drive he sword through hela and into the heart of asgard ! 144 int . the ark - MAIN cabin - same 144 everyone watch as surtur drive he sword through asgard . korg the damage be not too bad . as long as the foundation be strong , we can rebuild this place . it will become a haven for all people and alien of the universe ... when the fiery sword touch the crystalline base of asgard there be a violent detonation of ENERGY ! a cataclysmic EARTHQUAKE ! the entire realm be split in two ! in a instant , thor 's home be blown to piece . asgard be go . korg ( cont 'd ) nope , that foundation be go . sorry . stay on thor as he process the decision he 's make . thor what have I do ? blue draft 05/20/16 126. heimdall join he . heimdall you save we from extinction . asgard be not a place , it 's a people . 145 ext . space - indeterminate time 145 the ark cruise among the chaos that once be asgard . 146 int . the ark - captain quarter 146 thor look at he reflection in a mirror . his wound be bandage , include he now miss eye . his armor be clean . thor take a beat , as though try to get use to the sight of the man look back at he . loki ( o.s. ) it suit you . thor turn to reveal loki stand by the door . a smile . thor perhaps you be not so bad after all , brother . loki maybe not . thor thank you , loki . thor pick up a soap dish . thor ( cont 'd ) and if you be here , I might even give you a hug . thor throws the dish at loki . loki catch it . loki do we have to hug now ? thor smile . 147 omitted 147 148 omitted 148 blue draft 05/20/16 127. a149 ext . the ark - space a149 the giant cruiseliner be glide through space , the twinkle of star all around it . 149 int . the ark - MAIN deck 149 thor step out onto the main deck to see a assembly of both asgardian and sakaarian refugee await they King . thor look over he people and begin to walk through the crowd . his subject part , allow he through . it be the antithesis of the open coronation from the first thor movie . the people be not cheer and laud he , but rather they be smile . humbly bow . grateful . and thor be not act arrogant . not try to show off any swagger . he be stately . a contemplative and dignify king . at the end of the procession , hulk , loki , valkyrie , and heimdall stand next to the captain chair . valkyrie you throne . pause . reluctant acceptance . thor sit down . flanking he on opposite side be valkyrie and heimdall . behind / tower above they be the hulk . loki join they . heimdall so , King of asgard . thor turn around to see thousand of people stare back , silently await word from they new King . now feel the true weight of the crown , thor take a moment ... and then : heimdall ( cont 'd ) where to ? thor I be not sure . any suggestion ? miek , what 's you home planet ? angle on korg , who be hold miek ( san robot exoskeleton ) . korg oh , miek 's dead . I accidentally step on he on the bridge , I have just feel so guilty I have be carry he around all day ... blue draft 05/20/16 128. miek wriggles to life . korg light up . korg ( cont 'd ) miek , you be alive ! he 's alive everyone ! what be you question ? thor look forward , take charge of this one . thor Earth it be . CUT to black . the end . tag int . the ark - day tag thor and loki look out the window . loki do you really think it 's a good idea to go back to Earth ? thor sure ! they love I there . loki let I rephrase : do you really think it 's a good idea to bring I back to Earth ? thor smile , get it . pat loki on the shoulder . thor probably not . but do not worry , brother ... I have get a feel that everything 's go to work out . then through the window , they see - - the massive form of sanctuary -2 , thanos ' warship approach . tag1 ext . the ark - same tag1 a wider view allow we to see all of sanctuary - 2 , dwarf the ark in size . end .