thor written by Ashley Miller &amp ; Zack stentz fade in : on the blackness of space , beautiful and mysterious , strewn with a billion star . atop a building , a wringht - iron sign -- a hammer - wielding blacksmith -- spin listlessly in the wind as a swirl breeze kick up . a hint of what 's to come . 1 ext . puente antiguo , new mexico - night 1 a main street extend before we in this one- horse town , set amid endless flat , arid scrubland . a large suv slowly move down the street and head out of town . 2 ext . suv - night 2 the suv sit park in the desert . suddenly , the roof panel of the suv fold OPEN . the underside of the panel house a variety of hand - build astronomical device , which now point at the sky . jane foster ( late 20' ) pop she head through the roof . she position a magnetometer , so its monitor calibrate with the constellation above . it appear to be cobble together from spare part of other device . jane hurry ! we hear a loud bang follow by muffle cursing from below . Jane offer a hand down to erik selvig ( 60 ) who emerge as well , rub he head . jane ( cont 'd ) oh -- watch you head . selvig thanks . so what 's this " anomaly " '' of yours suppose to look like ? jane it 's a little different each time . once it look like , I do not know , melt star , pool in a corner of the sky . but last week it be a roll rainbow ribbon -- selvig ( gently teasing ) " Racing " ˜round orion ? " '' I have always say you should have be a poet . Jane reign in she excitement . she try for dignity . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 1a . jane hey , darcy . pass up the bubbly and my glove , will you ? intern darcy lewis ( 20 ) hand Jane a bottle of Champagne and a pair of glove through the window . Jane pass it to selvig to hold while she pull on the old glove -- too large and masculine for she small hand . he start to unwrap the foil , and she stop he hand with a excited grin . jane ( cont 'd ) not until you see it ! selvig ( be : the glove ) I recognize that . think how proud he would be to see you now . Jane 's grin fade to a sad smile . jane thank you . selvig for what ? jane the benefit of the doubt . the two stare out at the sky expectantly . a long beat while they scan the sky . nothing . Jane 's worried . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 2 . jane ( cont 'd ) it 's never take this long before . darcy call up from the front seat . darcy ( o.s. ) can I turn on the radio ? jane ( a edge to she voice ) sure , if you like rock out to kfrm , " all agriculture , all the time . " '' worried , Jane head back down into the vehicle . 3 int . suv - night 3 the suv be bath in the glow of high - tech monitoring equipment and laptop , some look like they be hold together with duct tape . Jane open a well - wear notebook of handwritten note and calculation . selvig watch the frustrated Jane with sympathy . jane the anomaly be always precipitate by geomagnetic storm . she show he a complicated chart she 's draw in the book , tracking occurrence and pattern . jane ( cont 'd ) the last seventeen occurrence have be predictable to the minute ... I just do not understand . something catch darcy 's eye out the driver 's side mirror . she adjust it . in the distance , odd glowing cloud form in the sky over the northeastern end of the desert . darcy Jane ? Jane shush she , leaf through she note . the bottle of champagne begin to vibrate . jane there 's get to be some new variable ... or a equipment malfunction ... the light and equipment in the suv begin to flicker around they . the computer monitor squelch with static . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 2a . darcy I do not think there 's anything wrong with you equipment ... the champagne bottle start to rattle noisily now as it shake more violently . Jane and selvig notice . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 3. they watch it curiously , pressure building up inside it , when the cork explode out of it . Champagne go spew everywhere -- over equipment , over Jane . darcy ( cont 'd ) Jane ? jane what ?! darcy I think you want to see this . darcy point out the window . Jane and selvig look out . over the desert -- massive cloud of rainbow light churn in the sky . the three stare , dumbfounded . jane Holy . shatner . selvig that 's you " subtle " '' aurora ?! jane no -- yes ! let 's go ! 4 ext . desert - moment later 4 the roof panel still open , the suv race towards the strange event , Jane , amaze by the sight , stand with half she body out the roof , take video of the light storm before they . the suv hit a bump . Jane nearly fly out . selvig grab she , yank she back in . 5 int . suv 5 Jane grin , thrilled , pump with adrenaline . jane be not this great ?! a think strike she . jane ( cont 'd ) you be see it too , right ? I be not crazy ? selvig that 's debateable . put you seat belt on ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 3a . the suv lurch . 6 ext . desert 6 wind howl around the suv now . up ahead , spiraling down from out of the cloud come -- a enormous tornado suffuse with the strange rainbow light , roaring like a thousand freight train as it touch down . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 4 . 7 int . suv 7 selvig look up through the still - open sunroof at the enormous glow funnel cloud with wonder . Jane clamber into the front seat , beside darcy . she lean way out the window , taping the storm . jane you have gotta get we closer so I can take a magnetic read . darcy laugh . darcy yeah , right ! good one ! ( then , realize ) oh God , you be serious ... jane you want that college credit or not ? 8 ext . suv 8 the suv tear across a field towards the tornado , Jane lean out the window , taping the event . the suv disturb two raven perch on a cactus as they race past . the bird take flight , when -- krakaboom ! a huge bolt of lightning strike down through the center of the funnel cloud before they with a terrifying intensity . 9 int . suv 9 the suv rock from the blast . darcy 's have enough . she turn the wheel , start to head away . darcy keep the credit . I will intern at Burger King . jane what be you do ?! darcy save we life ! Jane grab the wheel , jerk it hard the other way . they struggle for control , when the headlight fall on -- a man 4th blue revision 03-26-10 5 . directly in they path , stumbling through the wind . darcy slam on the brake , Jane turn the wheel hard to avoid he . the suv swerve -- but too late . 10 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) 10 the side of the suv slam into the man with a thud , send he fly . the car skid to a stop . 11 int . suv 11 Jane , darcy , and selvig trade shocked look , breathe hard . they peer through the dust cloud , unable to see through . a paralyze moment , then they all leap out of the car . 12 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) 12 the three race from the suv with flashlight . Jane spot the man lie on the ground . he 's dress in tatter clothing , char and blacken . darcy I think that be legally you fault . jane get the first aid kit . darcy head back inside the suv as Jane , concerned , kneel next to the man . selvig hover , protectively . she gently turn he head to the light , and we see he clearly for the first time . he be magnificently handsome , long blonde hair flow around he classically sculpt feature . she cup she hand around he face , as if willing the life back into he . jane ( cont 'd ) come on , big guy . do I a favor and do not be dead , okay ? open you eye and look at I . suddenly , he groans , and she 's startle , then relieved , as he eye flutter open . she look deep into he confuse , azure eye , which at last focus on she own . lock onto they . for a moment , they each forget to breathe . the connection be break as darcy return with the kit . she freeze when she see how gorgeous the man be . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 5a . darcy wow . do he need cpr ? because I know cpr . a flustered Jane smooth she hair and sit back on she heel . she look up at selvig . back to be a scientist . jane he eye -- darcy ( dreamily ) -- be beautiful . jane -- be dilating . that 's a good sign . selvig we still have to get he to a hospital . jane ( hopefully ) after we get a read on the storm ? selvig immediately , Jane . Jane sigh and nod , regretfully watch the storm evaporate above they head . a think strike she . jane where do he come from ? they exchange puzzle look , as we move up through the last glow remnant of the storm , and into : 13 ext . space 13 earth spin slowly before we as we hear a voice , deep and resonant -- the voice of heimdall , gatekeeper of asgard . heimdall ( v.o . ) question , they have always ask question -- this race call man , on this planet they call earth . passionately long to know how they be connect to the heaven . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 6 . we pull away from the planet , widen , past other world , cosmic debris -- leave first we solar system , then we galaxy . heimdall ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in age past , they look to we as god , for indeed so many time we save they from calamity . we try to show they how they world be but one of the nine realm of the cosmos , link to all other by the branch of yggdrasil ... we pull back until we see it -- yggdrasil . immense , sprawling , like a quasar or a nebula twisted into the vague shape of a tree , its branch of glow energy stretch out into the black void of space . heimdall ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the world tree. nine realm in a universe of wonder , beauty , and terror that they barely comprehend . we move in through yggdrasil , until we reach what look like a galaxy , slowly spin before we . heimdall ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but for all they thirst for knowledge , they let we lesson fall into myth and dream . where do he come from ? he come from we , the proudest race of warrior the world have ever see . he come from this -- the great realm the universe have ever know . we move through the galaxy 's mist and astral matter , then over and up , through a band of prismatic color to reveal what 's on the other side : heimdall ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he come ... from asgard ! 14 ext . asgard - day 14 beautiful beyond imagination . we fly over the magnificent landscape of the realm , through the gleam capital city , modern yet timeless . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 6a . 15 ext . odin' palace - day 15 the palace rise countless storey tall , gleam with a other - worldly majesty , tower high above the realm sprawle out before it . we move towards a large window of the palace , where a figure stand -- 4th blue revision 03-26-10 7 . odin allfather stare out at he kingdom . the raven fly up to the balcony , land at he side . 16 int . odin' chamber - day 16 odin turn away from the window . his wife frigga sit at a vanity and try different earring before the mirror . odin do you think he 's ready ? frigga he think he be . he have he father 's confidence . odin he will need he father 's wisdom . frigga and he humility ? odin react . frigga ( cont 'd ) thor will not be alone . loki will be at he side to give he counsel . have faith in you son . odin yes , but thor 's still a boy . he could be a great King ... odin stop , notice he hand shaking . it seem to be out of synch temporally with the rest of the world , leave a trail as it move . he stare at it determinedly , concentrate , try to stop the strange event through the force of he sheer will . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 8. finally , the occurrence subside , he hand normal once more . a worried frigga cover he hand with she own . odin ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) ... if we only have more time . frigga for once , we son need something we cannot provide . odin I can fight it a little longer ... frigga no . you have put it off too long ! I worry for you . he touch she cheek . odin I have destroy demon and monster , devastate whole world , laid waste to mighty kingdom , and still you worry for I ? frigga always . odin not today . now come kiss you king ... while I be still king . he pull she close , and they kiss . 17 int . palace anteroom - day 17 directly under the throne room , a gloomily light hall . banner hang on either side to form a corridor down the middle of the fire light room . giant door open at one end . a huge figure silhouett against the bright light beyond walk forward . in slo - mo , we recognize the unmistakable shape of the God of Thunder . Hammer in hand , he reach the end of a raise platform . a attendant hand the figure a goblet of wine . he downs it quickly , hurl it towards the fire directly below . thor another ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 8a . the cup smashes , the alcohol cause the fire to glow intensely -- and , for a moment , brightly light , and see full length , like a King to be , be the mighty thor . he proceed down stop , past camera , and down the center of the Hall . we follow from behind and see at the other end , massively shadow on one of the great banner , the shape of two great horn . as thor approach , the horn shape move , and then , from the shadow at the side , emerge loki , wear he horn headpiece . like thor , he be dress for a great ceremony . they stand by a brazier at the foot of step that lead up to the crowded throne room . loki ( to thor ) nervous , brother ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 9 . thor have you ever know I to be nervous ? loki there be the time in nornheim ... thor that be not nerve , brother . it be the rage of battle . how else could I have fight my way through a hundred warrior and pull we out alive ? the attendant approach with another goblet of wine for thor . loki as I recall , I be the one who veile we in smoke to ease we escape . thor some do battle , other just do trick . the attendant stifles a laugh . loki notice , do not like it . he gesture towards the goblet in the attendant 's hand . eel pour over the side of the goblet , slithering out and across the terrify attendant 's hand . he scream , hurl the goblet to the ground . loki chuckle . thor ( cont 'd ) loki ... loki gesture to the writhe eel on the ground . they turn back to spill wine , the illusion shattered . thor ( cont 'd ) now that be just a waste of good wine . loki just a bit of fun . ( to the attendant ) right , my friend ? the attendant be not so sure . thor don he eagle - winged helmet . loki ( cont 'd ) ( be : thor 's helmet ) Nice feather . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 9a . thor you do not really want to start this again , do you , cow ? loki I be be sincere ! thor you be incapable of sincerity . loki be I ? he look he brother in the eye , all pretense lose . loki ( cont 'd ) I have look forward to this day as long as you have . you be my brother and my friend . sometimes I be envious , but never doubt that I love you . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 10 . thor search he brother 's face , see no trace of irony . he 's either speak from he heart or he 's a very , very good liar . maybe both . thor put a appreciative hand on he brother 's shoulder . thor thank you . the two brother take in the moment a beat , then : loki give we a kiss . thor stop . thor make the final adjustment to he ceremonial wear . thor ( cont 'd ) how do I look ? loki like a king . they hear the blast of a ceremonial horn . loki ( cont 'd ) it 's time . thor you go ahead . loki cast he a wary look . thor ( cont 'd ) I will be along . go on . loki head inside the palace without he brother . 17a int . antechamber - night 17a volstagg comb he great beard in preparation for the big event . as he do , he 's surprised to find a stray grape stick in the beard . he pull it out , look around , then eagerly pop it into he mouth and gobbles it down . fandral check he reflection in a mirror , smooth out he moustache , give himself a dash smile . a pretty maiden hold the mirror before he , as other maiden look on dreamily . fandral thank you , love . ( to the maiden ) ( more ) 4th blue revision 03-26-10 10a . fandral ( cont 'd ) now who would like to polish my sword for I ? the giddy maiden eagerly raise they hand . hogun stand stare ahead grimly , he hand fold in front of he , amidst the hustle and bustle of the attendant and the ceremony preparation go on around he . a helpful attendant approach he and start to polish he armor . hogun turn he head , give he a look . intimidate , the attendant quickly back away . from behind , we see a woman in ceremonial armor take off she sword and set it on a table , then she shield , then several hidden dagger and small , yet intimidating weapon . we reveal that it 's sif , look radiant . she eye the weapon on the table . sif ( to the weapon ) I will miss you . 18 int . throne room - day 18 colorful ceremonial banner of the nine realm adorn the room , crowded with aesir and representatives from across yggdrasil , all buz with excitement . thor 's comrade enter and stride to they place of honor at the front of the hall . they be : the warrior three volstagg have the girth and strength of a sumo wrestler , with oversize passion to match . fandral , the consummate swashbuckler , be agile , charismatic , and nattily dress . hogun -- dark , sullen , brood -- a large mace sling at he side . with they walk the warrior maiden sif . she 's clad in armor , a shield and sword at she side -- a beauty not to be trifle with . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 11 . volstagg I hope this go quickly . I be famish . fandral ( feigned disbelief ) noooo ! volstagg be you attach to that pretty face of yours ? because one more word , and you will not be . fandral ( to the other ) my , we be hungry , be not we ? the other laugh , save hogun . fandral turn to he . fandral ( cont 'd ) go on , hogun. smile . you can do it . even you , hogun the grim . just one smile . hogun stare at he grimly . fandral ( cont 'd ) all right , half a smile . look , forget the smile , just show some tooth . sif fandral , be it true the famous Warrior Three be ready to meet any challenge ? fandral name it , Lady sif . sif keep you mouth shut . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 12. 19 int . vault - day 19 impose einherjar guard clad in armor , sword at the ready , stand watch inside the massive underground structure beneath the palace . a cold breeze blow past they . 19a int . palace anteroom - day 19 a thor stand , he finger nervously drum the handle of he hammer . frigga approach behind he , see he anxiety . frigga it 's all right to be nervous . thor why do everyone keep say that ? I be not nervous ! frigga you may be able to fool the rest of asgard -- thor ... but never you . I know . frigga thor , just remember that you have something even the great allfather never have . thor and what be that ? frigga I for a mother . she smile . frigga ( cont 'd ) now do not keep you father wait . frigga leave . 20 int . throne room - day 20 sif and the Warrior Three still wait before the crowd . loki and frigga enter . loki take he place at the front of the hall alongside the other . with another blast of the horn , the crowd go silent as the einherjar honor guard move into formation . they part to reveal -- odin 4th blue revision 03-26-10 12a . sitting atop he throne , clad in full ceremonial armor . he hold he spear gungnir before he . any trace of weakness in he be go now . he exude all the power and majesty of a ruler of asgard . frigga join he at he side . he look around the hall , cast a glance over to the Warrior . thor be nowhere to be see . odin look to loki . loki shrug . odin be not pleased . a murmur spread through the crowd . volstagg ( sotto , to loki ) where be he ? loki he say he would be along . sif realize the truth , shake she head in disapproval . volstagg what ? sif he want to make a entrance . fandral well , if he do not show up soon , he should not bother . odin look like he 's ready to feed he to he raven . loki I would not worry . Father will forgive he . he always do . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 13. just then , at the back of the hall , up the step from the lower level -- mjolnir roar up into the hall , thor stride cockily into the hall behind it , catch it behind he back . the crowd erupt in cheer . thor spin he hammer with a flourish , hold it up before the crowd , bask in the moment , relishing the adoration , whipping he audience up into a frenzy . sif oh , please . odin watch from the front , not like this showy display . 21 int . vault - day 21 as the sound of the cheer echo from above , the odd , cold breeze pick up in the vault . the Guards rub they limb to warm themselves . they grow increasingly uneasy , sense something 's not right . they exchange a look , then walk the length of the vault 's hallway to its end , where a casket sit undisturbed upon a pedestal . large shadow suddenly loom over they . they look up and shout in terror as they raise they weapon . 22 int . throne room - day 22 thor finish stir up the crowd , then reach the front of the room , kneel on one knee before he mother and father . frigga cast he a admonish glance . thor wink up at she . she can not help but smile . odin strike gungnir upon the ground with a deafen boom . the crowd fall silent . odin speak with quiet , effortless authority . he raise gungnir before he . odin gungnir . its aim be true , its power strong . with it I have defend asgard and the life of the innocent across the nine realm since the time of the great beginning . and though the day have come for a new King to wield he own weapon -- that duty remain the same . thor odinson , my heir , my first -born . ( more ) 4th blue revision 03-26-10 13a . odin ( cont 'd ) so long entrust with this mighty hammer , mjolnir . forged in the heart of a die star , from the sacred metal of uru . only one may lift it . only one be worthy . who wield this hammer command the lightning and the storm . its power have no equal -- as a weapon , to destroy , or as a tool , to build . it be a fit companion for a King . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 14 . 23 int . vault - day 23 the body of the Guards be flung to the vault 's floor , now strewn with ice . we do not see they attacker clearly , just catch glimpsis of they in the shadow -- but they be large and blue -skinned . one of the creature lift the casket off its stand and turn to go . but , as they do , the intricate latticework behind the casket start to separate and retract , revealing something stand in the shadow behind it . as the creature walk away , a fiery glow rise behind they . they turn back around . now it 's they turn to scream . 24 int . throne room - day 24 the ceremony continue . odin today I entrust you with the great honor in all the nine realm . the sacred throne of asgard . I have sacrifice much to achieve peace . so , too , must a new generation sacrifice to maintain that peace . responsibility , duty , honor . this be not merely virtue to which we must aspire . they be essential to every soldier and to every King . the crowd and the Warrior Three start to shiver and rub they limb for warmth in the increasingly cold air of the hall . thor turn back to face he father . odin look upon he son with pride . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 15 . odin ( cont 'd ) thor odinson , do you swear to guard the nine realm ? thor I swear . odin do you swear to preserve the peace ? thor I swear . odin do you swear to cast aside all selfish ambition and pledge yourself only to the good of all the realm ? beat . thor I swear . odin then on this day , I , odin allfather , proclaim you -- odin hesitates , notice a strange sight before he . ice creep across the surface of the large banner around the hall , make a eerie cracking sound . thor , he comrade , and the crowd see it too . odin ( cont 'd ) ( realizing ) frost giant ... the far-off sound of a battle echo in the depth of the palace below . sif and the Warrior Three reach for they weapon , as thor race from the hall . 24a omitted scene move below 24a 25 omitted scene combined with scene 25b below 25 25a omitted 25 a 4th blue revision 03-26-10 16 . 25b int . vault - day 25 B thor enter , then stare shocked at the sight before he . sif , the Warrior Three , and loki hurry in behind thor and stop short . shatter and melting ice be strewn about the floor . we do not see the blue-skinned body of the frost Giants clearly , just catch glimpsis of they twisted and smolder remain on the floor . they have just lose a savage battle . badly . amidst they , shroud in shadow , stand the black metal creature , a fiery glow come from within it . it be the destroyer . it hold the casket in its hand . sif the destroyer . volstagg ( awed ) I think it be but a legend . odin step in behind the asgardian , as the destroyer set the casket back on its pedestal . it move back to its post , the faint , fiery glow extinguish within it . fandral look around the vault , ill at ease . fandral I have never be inside the vault before . it 's say the tesseract be once hold here . volstagg ( awed ) the tesseract ? I think that be but a legend too ! sif shush ! odin survey the destruction . thor the jotun must pay for what they have do ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 16a . odin they have pay with they life . the destroyer do its job , and the casket be safe . all be well . thor " all be well ?! " '' they break into the weapon vault ! if the frost Giants have steal even one of this relic -- odin but they do not . thor I want to know why they -- odin ( interrupting ) the casket of ancient winter belong to the jotun . they believe it 's they birthright . thor and if you have not take it from they they would have laid waste to all the nine realm ! odin I have a truce with laufey , the jotun King . thor he just break you truce ! we must act ! odin turn to sif and the Warrior Three . odin leave we . thor 's comrade exit . odin eye thor , as loki watch . odin ( cont 'd ) and what action would you take ? thor March into jotunheim as you once do , teach they a lesson , break they spirit so they will never dare try to cross we border again ! odin you be think only as a warrior ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 16b . thor this be a act of war ! odin it be the act of but a few , doom to fail . thor they get this far ! odin we will find the breach in we defense . it will be find , and it will be seal . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 17 . thor as King of asgard , I would -- odin you be not King . not yet . thor see in he father 's face that he 's push this as far as he can . he back away , then leave , push through the door so hard that they slam backwards behind he . odin watch he go . 26 int . banquet hall - day 26 thor stand in the empty hall , bear the sign of the festivity cancel due to the event of the day . anger and frustration rise within he , thor upend one of the massive table . from across the room , loki watch he . at the banquet hall entrance sif , fandral , and hogun follow volstagg as he enter in search of he dinner . sif redecorate , be we ? volstagg survey the overturn table and food , aghast . volstagg what 's this -- ?! hogun I tell you they would cancel it . fandral we think that be just you be you normal cheery self . volstagg look about the floor , despair . volstagg all this food -- so innocent , cast to the ground . it break the heart ! thor stride away from they to the far end of the hall . loki calmly move towards he . thor it 's unwise to be in my company right now , brother . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 18. loki who say I be wise ? thor ( be : the empty hall ) this be to be my day of triumph . loki it will come . in time . ( admit ) if it 's any consolation , I think you be right . about the frost Giants , about laufey , everything . if a few of they could penetrate the defense of asgard once , who 's to say they will not try again . next time with a army ? thor yes , exactly ! loki but there 's nothing we can do without defy Father . thor consider this , look at he hammer , a gleam in he eye . loki can guess what he 's think , grow concerned . loki ( cont 'd ) no ... stop there ! I know that look ! thor it 's the only way to ensure the safety of we border . loki it 's madness ! volstagg madness ? what sort of madness ? loki nothing ! thor be make a jest ! thor the safety of we realm be no jest . we be go to jotunheim . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 19 . fandral what ?! sif thor , of all the law of asgard , this be one you must not break . loki look on , intrigue by the proceedings . fandral this be not like a journey to Earth , where you summon a little lightning and thunder and the mortal worship you as a god . this be jotunheim . volstagg and if the frost Giants do not kill you , you Father will ! thor my father fight he way into jotunheim , defeat they army , and take they casket ! we would just be look for answer . sif it be forbidden ! thor size up he friend , smile . he proceed to make he case with enthusiasm and charismatic conviction . thor my friend , have you forget all that we have do together ? he turn to fandral . thor ( cont 'd ) who bring you into the sweet embrace of the most exotic maiden in all of yggdrasil ? fandral you do . thor ( to hogun ) who lead you into the most glorious of battle ... ( to volstagg ) ... and to delicacy so succulent , you think you would die and go to valhalla ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 19a . volstagg / hogun you do . / you do . he turn to sif . thor and who prove wrong all who scoff at the idea that a young maiden could be one of the fiercest warrior this realm have ever know ? sif I do . thor ( quickly ) true . but I support you ... ( then , to the other ) my friend , trust I now . we must do this . the other exchange concerned look , realize there 's no convincing he . thor ( cont 'd ) come on . you be not go to let my brother and I take all the glory , be you ? loki look startle . loki what ? thor you be come with I ... loki yes , of course ! I will not let my brother march into jotunheim alone . I will be at he side . volstagg and i. fandral and i. 4th blue revision 03-26-10 20 . hogun and i. the Warrior Three fight together . sif I fear we will live to regret this . volstagg if we be lucky . 27 ext . odin' palace - day 27 thor , sif , loki , and the Warrior Three walk from the Palace , across the grounds . they reach a group of attendant who ready they battle gear for they journey . loki slip away from the group , speak to a nearby guard . hogun notice . thor we must first find a way to get past heimdall . volstagg that will be no easy task . it 's say the gatekeeper can see a single dew drop fall from a blade of grass a thousand world away . fandral and he can hear a cricket pass gas in niffelheim . volstagg jest not ! he heareth all ! fandral please . get past he should be simple enough now , since he seem to be let frost Giants sneak by under he nose . volstagg , terrify , call out to the sky . volstagg forgive he ! he meaneth no offense ! loki rejoin the group as thor lead they onward . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 20a . 28 ext . gate of asgard - day 28 thor and he band of adventurer , on horseback , pass through the massive Gate , leave asgard behind . they ride along the most astounding path in this realm or any other -- the rainbow bridge . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 21 . Wide and flat , it run straight out from odin 's palace to the mist and black void of space beyond . in the distance far ahead , the Bridge continue on until it reach heimdall 's observatory . 29 ext . heimdall's observatory - day 29 the band draw near the observatory , where heimdall himself , gatekeeper of asgard , stand at he post on the Bridge before they , block they way , stare they down . there be something other - worldly about he , even for this realm . he hold a massive sword in front of he , he stern , intimidating face virtually conceal by armor . something glint beneath he visor , like twinkle star . loki keep you weapon sheathed and you mouth close . this be go to take subtlety and sincerity , not brute strength . leave it to I . loki dismount and step forward . loki ( cont 'd ) good heimdall -- heimdall you be not dress warmly enough . thor , loki , and the other trade look . loki I be sorry ? heimdall the freezing cold of jotunheim . it will kill you all in time , even thor . ( then ) you think you can deceive I ? I , who watch all ? I , who can sense the flap of a butterfly 's wing a thousand world away ? he fix he eye pointedly at fandral . heimdall ( cont 'd ) or can hear a cricket pass gas in niffelheim ? fandral look gob-smack . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 22. fandral that be just a bit of a jest , really ... loki go into damage control . loki you must be mistaken . we be not -- thor ( stepping forward ) enough . ( to heimdall ) heimdall , may we pass ? heimdall stare he down . heimdall for age have I guard asgard and keep it safe from that who would do it harm . in all that time , never have a enemy slip by my watch -- until this day . I wish to know how that happen . thor then tell no one where we have go until we have return . thor walk past heimdall as the gatekeeper let the group pass . volstagg walk beside the frustrated loki , needle he . volstagg what happen ? you silver tongue turn to lead ? loki get I off this bridge before it crack under you girth . volstagg and fandral share a laugh . 30 int . heimdall's observatory - day 30 thor and the other enter the observatory , step onto a platform . heimdall climb into the large control apparatus at the center of the room and ready the observatory . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 23. heimdall be warn . I will honor my swear oath to protect this realm as its gatekeeper . if you return threaten the safety of asgard , bifrost will remain close to you . you will be leave to die in the cold waste of jotunheim . thor I have no plan to die today . heimdall none do . heimdall insert he sword into the control panel , and the apparatus of the observatory start up . 31 ext . rainbow bridge 31 the bifrost energy quicken along the Bridge , feed into the observatory . 32 int . heimdall's observatory 32 heimdall turn he sword in the control panel . the observatory 's giant turret swing around , aim toward a section of space . as a final step , heimdall plunge he sword deeper into the control panel . the great turret fire , the rainbow light of bifrost energy blast out of it . the bifrost open at the end of the platform upon which thor and he five comrade stand . heimdall all be ready . you may pass . volstagg could not you just leave the bridge open for we ? heimdall to keep this bridge open would unleash the full power of the bifrost and destroy jotunheim with you upon it . volstagg ah. never mind , then . thor start towards the bifrost , turn back to the other , grin . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 23a . thor come on . do not be bashful . the other join he at he side , then step towards the bifrost . they body stretch towards the maelstrom , change shape , as if every atom of they be be be elongate by the pull of it . in a instant , they be jerk off the platform and inside the vortex . 33 ext . bifrost landing site ( jotunheim ) - day 33 a hole in the sky rip open , and the bifrost come shoot out of it . snow flurry up when the bifrost hit , as thor and he band touch down . rune from the bifrost be imprint on the ice around they . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 24 . volstagg lose he foot , fall backwards . thor quickly grab he by the belt . we see the warrior dangle precariously on the edge of a sheer cliff on the planet 's inner ring , open up to the black abyss of space beyond . thor come on , big fella . up ...! with a effort , thor pull the burly warrior back onto the ice and , tremendously relieved , he proclaim : volstagg this belt ! this belt be now my lucky belt ! I will never remove it ! even when bathing ! fandral you bathe ? thor and the other turn and stare out in horror and wonder at the freeze alien wasteland before they . the whole planet be a massive flatten ring of jag ice , slowly break apart . huge chunks of ice calve away from its outer edge and float off into space . the planet 's icy surface crack and melt as far as the eye can see . the ruin of a jotun city lie in the distance . hogun we should not be here . thor too late now . fandral actually , it 's not . we could turn right around , hop back to asgard , share a mug by the fire . could be nice . thor ignore he , head off . loki look around , anxious . loki perhaps we should wait . thor turn back to he brother . thor for what ? loki to survey the enemy . to gauge they strength and weakness from a distance . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 25 . volstagg I be like that . gauging , surveying . particularly the distance part . thor we know all we must . it 's time to act . thor head on . reluctantly , the other follow . sif he 's just get to swing he hammer ... 34 ext . jotunheim - day 34 the group trudge behind thor across the freeze wasteland , shield themselves from the howling wind and cold . loki look around they , anxious . volstagg shiver . thor , invigorate , turn back to he comrade . thor it feel good , do not it ? to be together again , adventure on another world ? fandral adventure ? be that what we be do ? thor what would you call it ? fandral freeze . volstagg starve . sif whine . thor how about a song to lift we spirit ? the other groan . hogun no , not that ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 25a . sif please do not make we sing again ! fandral if I have to listen to volstagg 's sing voice one more time , I will fall on my own sword ! sif well , now I be on board . she and thor share a grin . the party reach the edge of the city -- its ancient structure of jade and ice melting and crumble , ravage by warfare long ago . a temple lie before they , across a central plaza . sif ( cont 'd ) where be they ? thor hiding . as coward always do . thor lead the other onwards towards the central plaza . loki reluctantly follow . they do not notice as shadowy figure move in the shadow of the structure nearby . 35 ext . central plaza - day 35 the party reach the plaza . they sense the frost Giants in the shadow and crevice , surround they now on all side . the asgardian reach for the hilt of they weapon . a jotun sentry call to he . jotun sentry what be you business here , asgardian ? the jotun 's voice itself sound like crack ice . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 26 . thor I speak only to you King . not to he foot soldier . jotun voice ( o.s. ) then speak . thor turn towards the source in a balcony of the temple , where laufey sit , veile in shadow , behind a cascade waterfall . the jotun King be ancient , noble , powerful -- too proud to reveal even a hint of the year of suffer he and he people have endure . laufey I be laufey , King of this realm . thor and I be -- laufey we know who you be , odinson . why have you bring the stench of you blood into my world ? thor I demand answer . laufey stand , size up thor , try to piece this together . laufey you " demand ? " '' thor how do you people get into asgard ? laufey the house of odin be full of traitor . sif and the Warrior Three exchange a puzzle look , disturb by the jotun King 's word . thor do not dishonor my father 's name with you lie . laufey you father be a murderer and a thief . he steal what be ours , and leave we world in ruin . we have the right to reclaim the casket . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 27 . thor not when you would use it to make war against other realm . laufey laugh , cold , mock . laufey and why have you come here ? to make peace ? you long for battle . you crave it . I see you for what you be , thor odinson . nothing but a boy , try to prove himself a man . thor this boy have grow tired of you mockery . thor take a step towards laufey . the other jotun step in front of thor , block he path . we finally see the frost Giants now -- terrifying , blue-skinned , stand eight foot tall . loki move next to he brother and quietly implore he . loki thor , stop and think . look around you . we be outnumber . thor know you place , brother ... laufey you should listen to he counsel . you know not what you action would unleash . laufey step out of the shadow . laufey ( cont 'd ) but I do . go now , while I still allow it . thor simmer . loki speak up . loki we will accept you most gracious offer . the other look to thor imploringly . thor stare laufey down a beat -- then relent . he turn to leave . his comrade breathe a sigh of relief and follow , when a frost giant nearby mutter under he breath . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 28. jotun run back home , little princess . thor stop in he track . loki go white . he know what 's come . loki damn . in one quick move , thor pull mjolnir , swing it , and knock the jotun clear across the plaza . the asgardian reluctantly draw they weapon , gather into a circle around thor . volstagg look around at the angry jotun approach they . volstagg silly hammer ! have a mind of its own ! ice form on the jotun ' body , create a frozen armor around they , extend off the end of they arm like sword . one giant do so directly in front of fandral . fandral I be hope that 's just decorative . thor leave the circle of asgardian , swing at another frost giant . his comrade form another circle around he , separate he from the jotun , as he whirl he hammer around once and catch it with a cocky grin . he 's enjoy this . thor next ! fandral call to volstagg and hogun . fandral well ? what move , do you think ? volstagg I say we use " the norn 's revenge . " '' fandral at this close range ? I think " the alfheim lunge " '' be a better move . volstagg ( disgust ) maybe if they be three foot tall ! no ! how about " the Randy valkyrie " ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 28a . hogun shut up ! thor take out yet another frost giant , then all hell break loose as the asgardian and jotun begin to battle . a jotun back hogun up against a wall of ice . as the giant hurl a ice blade fist at he , the grim warrior swing he mace over he head , embed it into the ice wall , and hoist himself up , dodging the giant 's blow and leaping over he . hogun take out a second approach frost giant , spin back , dodge a swing from the first , then pound the jotun with he mace . nearby , sif expertly stab one jotun after another with she double - blade staff . one knock she viciously to the ground . sif if you do not treat I like a lady , I will not act like a lady ! she take out the jotun . loki back away from a approach jotun , find himself at the edge of a deep crevasse . the giant see he 's vulnerable , swipe at he . but the jotun 's arm pass right through he . the giant stand there , confuse , when the real loki come out from behind a structure and shove the giant into the crevasse below . the false loki dissipate into nothingness . loki ( to the fall giant ) pathetic . he turn back to the battle . two jotun come at he from either side . he let two dagger fly , fell both Giants at once . laufey nod to one of he guard -- a massive jotun brute . the brute leap down from the balcony , icing himself up , then punch he giant fist into the ice beneath he foot . it 's a long - range attack , cause pillar of ice to explode out in front of hogun , send the grim warrior fly back . across the plaza , thor easily dispatch some jotun . thor come on ! at least make it a challenge for I ! he see the brute come at he . the huge jotun land a tremendous blow , send thor back across the ice . thor rise , grin . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 28b . thor ( cont 'd ) now that 's more like it ! he throw mjolnir with all he strength , knock the brute head over heel . thor raise he hand . mjolnir slow in mid-air , then fly back to he grasp . thor ( cont 'd ) ( be : the fall brute ) Ugly and stupid . sif take out a couple frost Giants , but she 's knock to the ground by another . it raise its weapon above she . hogun see sif in danger . he pull a hidden knife from he sleeve and hurl it at sif 's attacker , hit he square in the chest . the jotun fall dead . sif ( to hogun , be : knife ) I be so glad I teach he how to do that ! volstagg grapples with a frost giant , get a couple good hit in . volstagg you may want to put some ice on that ! the frost giant fight back , but volstagg manage to grip in a headlock just as another come up on he from behind . volstagg fend he off , then turn the first one loose . volstagg ( cont 'd ) you may be taller , but I be wider ! volstagg launch he mighty belly at the jotun and send he fly . another jotun grab volstagg , squeezing he tightly and send he crash to the ground . volstagg ( cont 'd ) it 's not too late for you to surrender . volstagg recover and fight on . the jotun grab volstagg 's bare arm . the warrior 's skin begin to freeze from the jotun 's grasp , a blackness spread from it , necrotize volstagg 's flesh . the warrior shout in pain . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 28c . volstagg head -butt the frost giant , shatter the jotun 's ice helmet and drop he to the ground . wind , he take a seat upon one of the fall jotun 's body to catch he breath . as the battle rage around he , he open a secret compartment at the end of he weapon , take out a small flask . volstagg grimace in pain , see he blacken skin . he yell to he comrade . volstagg ( cont 'd ) do not let they grab hold of you ! he take a swig , enjoy the brief respite , then rejoin the battle . volstagg stab he blade in a giant 's chest , but the sword stop mid ice layer . the giant deliver a bone-break blow to volstagg 's face , and the warrior drop to one knee . sif see volstagg in trouble and rush towards he . in one quick move , she leap up and off of volstagg 's back , use she boot to plunge volstagg 's blade deep into the giant 's chest , stand atop he as he fall backwards to the ground . volstagg ( cont 'd ) ( on he belly ) thank you , my lady . but I nearly have he ! sif of course you do . nearby , a frost giant form a barrage of ice bullet , hurl they at sif . sif raise she shield barely in time , as the bullet go pinging and ricochete off it . she race into the group of frost Giants who attack she and take they out . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 29 . a frost giant touch a pool of stand water . it flash - freeze hogun 's foot to the ground . volstagg notice , hurry over , dispatch jotun as he go . volstagg hang on ! volstagg swing he weapon , wildly hack at the ice around hogun 's leg to free he . hogun look down , suddenly worried , as volstagg 's blade cut deep -- and perilously close to hack into hogun 's leg . hogun watch the leg ! volstagg ( realizing ) right . sorry . volstagg chip away at the ice more carefully , finally freeing hogun 's foot . fandral sword fight with a frost giant . fandral you really think you icicle be a match for asgardian steel ? fandral lunge at the giant . the jotun knock he blade away . fandral ( cont 'd ) Fair enough . fandral move on he again , but the giant grab fandral 's sword and snap it in half . fandral ( cont 'd ) could we stop just a moment while I get another sword ? fandral fight the giant with he break sword . the jotun then lunge at fandral , who duck just in time , grab hold of the giant 's sword and redirect it , stabbing the giant through with he own weapon . the jotun stagger back , then reach down and swipe at a pool of water , send up a spray that freeze in mid-air , form into a ice stalagmite . it impale fandral , rendering he helpless . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 29a . loki race towards the impale fandral , throw dagger and fell frost Giants as he go . he reach the nearly - unconscious warrior , when other jotun approach . he fight they off . volstagg look across the plaza and see the impale fandral . volstagg that 's unfortunate . he hurry to he wounded comrade . fandral I may need a bit of help . not a good look , be it ? volstagg just try not to bleed . fandral how 's the face ? volstagg flawless . volstagg begin to pull the bleed fandral off the ice stalagmite . loki plunge two dagger into the chest of one of the frost Giants . the giant grab hold of loki 's glove wrist . loki pull he hand free of the glove , which be still in the giant 's grasp , revealing loki 's skin beneath . the wounded jotun see he chance , grab hold of loki 's bare arm . loki look at he arm , prepare for the worst . but instead of the blackness of necrotize flesh , loki 's arm turn blue -- like the frost giant 's own skin . the blueness spread painlessly up loki 's arm . he stare at it , confuse . the frost giant be throw as well , distract by the unexpected phenomenon . loki take advantage of the distraction , kick the giant . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 30 . thor continue fight , he blood lust rise . he taunt the jotun around he . thor come on ! but when he hurl he hammer to take out a jotun , the frost Giants seize the opportunity . a group of jotun swarm thor from all side , keep he separate from he weapon . mjolnir fall to the ground . a frost giant desperately struggle to lift mjolnir off the ground , to no avail . now free , the wounded fandral look relieved as volstagg sling he over he shoulder , and the warrior start to leave . from he balcony , laufey look upon the battlefield , decide it 's time to pull out the big gun . he touch a wall of the palace . a ENERGY wave sweep from he touch , across the wall of the palace , and down to the ground below . the asgardian hear a forebode crack of ice below they foot . loki that can not be good . volstagg yes , it could ! might be a early spring ! they look down , suddenly fill with dread when they see shadowy figure move in the ice -- dozen of jotun warrior awaken beneath the surface , rouse to join the battle . loki turn to he brother , who battle a group of the Giants . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 31 . loki thor , we must go ! thor , still without he hammer , fight he jotun foe mercilessly , a man consume by blood lust . loki see the look on he brother 's face -- the savage thrill of the heat of battle . thor then go ! sif there be too many of they ! thor I can stop they ! the other hesitate . jotun break up through the ice all around they . sif thor ! but thor ignore he comrade , continue fight . volstagg run ! reluctantly , the group flee back toward the inner edge of the planet as the Giants break up through the ice and give chase . thor battle valiantly , but there 's just too many of they . the frost Giants swarm he from all side now , as he disappear beneath a pile of blue flesh and ice . after a moment -- thor's fist force its way up through the middle of the pile of jotun . he open he hand , beckone . one of thor 's attacker hear something roaring up behind he . he whirl around -- bam ! -- mjolnir nail he square in the face , then fly into thor 's outstretch hand . thor raise the hammer up high , and bring it down on the ground with all he might . krakaboom ! lightn strike down from the sky , the hammer channele the blast , fire the electricity out at the jotun around he . they be blast back in a massive shockwave . the jotun convulse , drop dead to the ground . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 32 . but the force of the blast also crack the ice below , the shockwave continue to spread outward . it move out to where he comrade be run , break up the ground beneath they , expose the black void of space below . volstagg ( cont 'd ) what 's thor do ? loki likely kill we all ! as the jotun race towards the asgardian , they open they mouth wide and breathe out a icy fog . the swirl mist quickly engulf the flee asgardian before they . the asgardian stand in the mist , unable to see . hogun take a step back , the ice crack beneath he . they dare not move , for fear of fall through , into the void below . thor see he 's put he friend in even great danger . he raise mjolnir high , summoning the wind . they lift he off the ground and carry he across the freeze wasteland to he comrade . 35a ext . bifrost landing site ( jotunheim ) - day 35 a thor land beside he comrade in the shroud of mist . thor loki , we have to see . loki raise he arm , concentrate , the mist dissipate . but as they do , the asgardian see before they the face of the frost Giants . and there be hundred of they -- too many , even for a Thunder God . volstagg ( to loki ) actually , could you bring the mist back , please ? thor realize that he and he comrade be as good as dead . the Giants move in for the kill , when they hear a deafen roar . a hole in the sky open up , and the bifrost blast down onto the inner edge of the planet . out of the maelstrom come the sound of thundering hoove , and , to the shock of all , tear across the freeze wasteland come -- odin allfather astride he powerful , eight - legge steed sleipnir . he 's clad in battle armor , gungnir in he hand -- a impose sight . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 32a . the Giants part in fear as he thunder into they rank , stop before laufey and the asgardian . laufey slam he fist into the ground , and the ice beneath he foot raise he towards odin . the asgardian start to react , think it 's a attack , but laufey just stand face - to -face with odin . asgardian and jotun alike look on uneasily , unsure what 's about to happen . laufey size up odin , notice that as powerful as the allfather still be , the year have take they toll . he 's not the foe he once be . the two ruler talk quietly , out of earshot of the other . odin laufey . end this . laufey you boy seek this out . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 33. odin you be right . this be the action of a boy . treat they as such . you and I can stop this before there 's further bloodsh . unseen by odin and the other , laufey start to form a ice blade at the end of he arm . laufey we be beyond diplomacy now , allfather . he will get what he come for -- war and death . odin look grim , determine . odin so be it . without warning , laufey swing he ice blade at odin , but odin be quick . the allfather bring he spear down upon the ice . laufey and the nearest jotun go fall backwards in a wave , the ice crack beneath they foot . the other frost Giants turn tail and run . thor watch the flee jotun with delight . thor now ! we will finish they together ! odin silence ! odin raise he spear . the hole in the sky open , the bifrost energy blast forth from it . the bifrost envelop the asgardian , yank they off the ground and up through the hole . the vortex close behind they as all fall silent . laufey stare up after they contemptuously . 36 int . heimdall's observatory - day 36 heimdall stand at the observatory control . odin pull heimdall 's sword from the control panel and throw it to he . heimdall back away . thor why do you bring we back ? odin do you realize what you have do ? what you have start ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 33A . thor I be protect my home . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 34 . odin you can not protect you friend . how can you hope to protect a kingdom ? odin turn to the other . odin ( cont 'd ) ( re : fandral ) get he to the heal room ! sif , volstagg , and hogun hurry to help fandral out of the room . thor there will not be a kingdom to protect if you be afraid to act ! odin stare at he . thor ( cont 'd ) whatever the cost , the world must know that the new King of asgard will not be hold in contempt . odin that 's pride and vanity that talk ! not leadership ! have you forget everything I have teach you ? what of a warrior 's patience , cun ? thor while you wait and be patient , the nine realm laugh at we ! the old way be do . you would stand give speech while asgard fall ! odin you be a vain , greedy , cruel boy ! thor and you be a old man and a fool ! the whole world seem to stop at thor 's word . odin fall quiet . when he speak again , there 's something terrifying beneath the calmness of he word . odin a fool , yes ! I be a fool to think you be ready . loki take a step towards odin imploringly . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 34a . loki father -- odin turn and give loki a look which stop he in he track . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 35 . odin thor odinson ... you have disobey the express command of you King . through you arrogance and stupidity , you have open this peaceful realm and innocent life to the horror of war . the allfather plunge gungnir into observatory 's control panel . the turret turn , the bifrost energy building along with odin 's rage . it fire , as the bifrost open at the end of the platform , create a portal behind thor . odin turn angrily to he son . odin ( cont 'd ) you be unworthy of this realm ... odin rip a disc off thor 's chest . odin ( cont 'd ) ... unworthy of you title ... he rip away thor 's cloak . odin ( cont 'd ) ... unworthy of the love one you have betrayed . I hereby take from you you power . odin extend he hand towards he son . mjolnir go fly from thor 's grasp into odin 's hand . odin ( cont 'd ) in the name of my father ... a finger of lightning come off the hammer and hit thor , disintegrate the right arm of he armor and part of the chest piece . odin ( cont 'd ) ... and of he father before ... another strike disintegrate the remainder of thor 's armor , include the cape and tear - away disc on the floor . odin ( cont 'd ) I cast you out ! odin thrust mjolnir before he and -- with a crack of thunder -- thor be hurl backwards into the open bifrost and disappear in the vortex . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 35a . odin hold mjolnir in he hand , stare at it bitterly . he close he eye , lose in contemplation , whisper something quietly . odin ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) whosoever hold this hammer , if he be worthy , shall possess the power of thor . rune appear on the side of the hammer , as if carve into its smooth surface . the rune linger for but a moment , then disappear . suddenly , odin turn and hurl the hammer into the bifrost . CUT to black . 37 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - night 37 thor open he eye , surround by darkness . suddenly , he 's blind by bright headlight of a vehicle -- a suv . it swerve , the side of it come straight at he . it slam into he , as we : CUT to black . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 36 . after a beat , we hear familiar voice . darcy ( v.o. ) I think that be legally you fault . jane ( v.o. ) get the first aid kit . ( then ) come on , big guy . do I a favor and do not be dead , okay ? open you eye and look at I . thor's Pov thor open he eye to see Jane Foster stare at he , concerned . she look vulnerable and beautiful . darcy ( o.s. ) wow . do he need cpr ? because I know cpr . end thor's Pov time CUT to : Jane regretfully watch the storm evaporate above they head . a think strike she . jane ( to selvig ) where do he come from ? they exchange puzzle look when thor groans again . he sit up abruptly , and Jane topple backwards in surprise . thor stagger groggily to he foot , then turn and offer Jane a hand up . she take it hesitantly , and he easily pull she up . she can not help but marvel at he strength . jane ( cont 'd ) uh , thanks . be you okay ? thor search the ground . thor Hammer ... darcy yeah , we can tell you be hammer . that 's pretty obvious . Jane notice something on the ground around they . she shine she flashlight down at the sand . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 36a . jane Erik ... look at this . he join she at she side and see it . a faint , discernible pattern be etched into the sand . they exchange a look . amaze and excited , Jane hurriedly take out a camera and snap some photo of the rune . a breeze begin to blow they away . jane ( cont 'd ) we have get to move fast before anything change . ( more ) 4th blue revision 03-26-10 37 . jane ( cont 'd ) we need soil sample , light reading , everything . she pull out a light meter , hold it up , take some reading , jot they down in she notebook . selvig look at thor , who stare up at the sky . selvig Jane , we need get he to a hospital . Jane kneel and quickly scoops up a soil sample in the cannister . jane not right now . it will take too long . County 's a hour away . we will drop he off after we be do here . selvig look uncertain . jane ( cont 'd ) ( re : thor ) look at he , he 's fine . thor stare up at the star , shout up at they angrily . thor Father ! heimdall ! I know you can hear I ! open the bridge ! jane ( off selvig 's look ) okay , you and darcy take he to the hospital , I will stay here . selvig you expect I to leave you alone in the middle of the desert ? thor turn to the other , frustrated . thor you ! what world be this ? the group be intimidate by he fervor . selvig it 's all right , my friend . we be go to get you some help . selvig touch thor 's shoulder . thor shove he off , grow agitate , belligerent . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 37a . thor where be I ?! answer I ! darcy reach into she fanny pack , pull something out of it . Jane look on , concerned . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 38 . jane Erik , just back away ... selvig ( to thor , calming ) you be in the desert outside the town of puente antiguo . thor what realm ?! alfheim ? nornheim ? darcy uh ... New Mexico ? darcy raise a taser at he . thor look at the weapon , unsure what to make of it . thor you dare threaten thor with so puny a -- darcy fire , the electrify wire shoot out of the taser , zapping he in the chest . thor convulse , fall to the ground unconscious . Jane and selvig stare at she , shocked . darcy what ? he be freaking I out . 38 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - moment later 38 as Jane still take soil sample , darcy and selvig struggle to drag a unconscious thor to the suv and lift he inside . selvig ( to darcy ) next time you decide to taser someone , do I a favor and make sure they be already inside the truck . ( to jane ) Jane , come on ... reluctantly , Jane join the other inside the suv . 39 ext . desert - moment later 39 the suv head off into the distance . behind it , high overhead , a hole open in the sky . a last blast of bifrost energy burst forth from it , and a small object come fire into we world . it burn across the desert sky like a meteor . 40 omitted 40 4th blue revision 03-26-10 39 . 41 ext . county hospital - night 41 the suv sit park before the emergency room entrance . 42 int . county hospital er - night 42 selvig watch the unconscious thor with interest as two orderlies set the asgardian onto a gurney . Jane and darcy stand before a sweet , ditzy admission nurse . admission nurse name ? jane he say it be " thor . " '' the nurse painstakingly type it into the computer , one key at a time . Jane watch as thor be wheeled out of the room . admission nurse ( spelling ) t-h-o - R . and you relationship to he ? jane I have never meet he before . darcy until she hit he with the car . jane graze he , actually . ( then ) oh , and we taser he , too . admission nurse ( sympathetic ) must have be quite the spat . jane I tell you , I do not know he . I just want to make sure he 's okay . admission nurse I be go to need a name and contact number . jane Jane Foster . admission nurse ( typing slowly ) j...a... n... 4th blue revision 03-26-10 39a . selvig oh , for God 's sake ... he reach over Jane 's shoulder and hand the nurse he business card . selvig ( cont 'd ) here . let 's go . selvig , darcy , and Jane head out . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 40 . 43 int . hospital er - night 43 thor , now in a hospital gown , wince in pain as he awaken on a gurney to find a nurse stand over he , a syringe in he arm . nurse hi. just take a little blood . thor slap the syringe away angrily , start to sit up . thor how dare you attack the son of odin ! nurse I need some help ! two orderlies race over , try to hold thor down . nurse ( cont 'd ) we be try to help you ! thor then bring I a heal stone , you savage ! he hurl one of they off , smash against a wall . now a couple security guard and male nurse join the fraca , all struggle to hold thor down . Medical equipment go fly , furniture overturn . orderly what the hell be this guy on ? finally , they force he back down onto the gurney . thor look shocked and amaze that he 's actually be overpower by this small group . the nurse inject he with a sedative . thor you be no match for the mighty -- thor struggle a beat , then pass out . 44 ext . new mexico desert - dawn 44 smoke rise from a fifty foot wide crater . a townie pull he pick - up to a stop at the crater 's edge . he climb out , peer down below , he curiosity pique by what he see . townie huh . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 40a . the townie approach something at the center of the crater . we do not see what it be , but it bathes he in a otherworldly , blue luminous glow . he reach for the object , try to lift it , but can not . he redouble he effort , strain with all he might , with no luck . he take off he hat , fan himself , stare at the mysterious object . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 41 . townie ( cont 'd ) huh . 45 ext . / int . smith motor - lab - morning 45 the distant mountain glint snow in the early morning light . selvig appear with a cup of coffee and survey the vast desert . he turn back into the lab and see Jane , busy at she workstation , solder a piece of equipment . a printer churn out blow - up screen - cap photo of the bifrost footage . darcy hang they on the wall . selvig survey the scene , watch how Jane work , impressed . he notice a monitor which display a complex program entitle " J. foster algorithm analysis " '' . he look proud . the three of they have be up all night , fuel by caffeine and excitement . jane darcy , when you be do , take the soil sample to Professor meyer in geology . remind he , he owe I . selvig we might want to perform a spectral analysis . jane " we ? " '' selvig I fly all the way out here -- might as well make myself useful . this be the offer Jane 's be wait for . she get up , insert the piece of equipment she 's be work on into a rack - mount server . jane you know what would be really useful ? do you still have that friend at ligo ? selvig she be more than a friend . jane could you call in a favor ? selvig you do not think this be just a magnetic storm ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 41a . jane if I be right , they observatory must have pick up gravitational wave during last night 's event . selvig meaning ? Jane head over to a computer monitor . selvig follow . jane meaning this anomaly might signify something bigger . selvig how " big " '' be we talk about ? Jane indicate the footage on the monitor . as the last of the bifrost cloud disappear into the night sky , there appear to be a blister in space , bulg out in convex and cover with star . jane I think the lense around the edge be characteristic of a einstein-rosen Bridge . darcy a what ? selvig I think you be a science major . darcy political Science . selvig shoot Jane a confuse look . Jane shrug . jane she be the only applicant . selvig ( to darcy ) a einstein- rosen Bridge -- a " theoretical " '' connection between two different point of space- time . darcy stare blankly . jane ( to darcy ) a wormhole . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 41b . selvig look skeptical . Jane print out a frame - grab off the monitor . jane ( cont 'd ) Erik , look ... 4th blue revision 03-26-10 42 . Jane indicate the print - out show the constellation see through the " bubble " '' in the cloud . jane ( cont 'd ) what do you see here ? selvig star . jane yes . but not we star . she spread out a STAR chart , barely able to contain she excitement . jane ( cont 'd ) this be the star alignment for we quadrant , this time of year . so unless ursa minor decide to take the day off ... that be someone else 's constellation . selvig 's intrigue , in spite of himself . darcy pull another frame - grab of the bifrost footage from the printer and hang it on the wall , when something in the image catch she eye . darcy hey , check it out . Jane and selvig examine the photo , amaze . selvig be that ...? jane I think I leave something at the hospital . as Jane walk away , we reveal the photo . Inside the bifrost funnel cloud be a figure -- the vague , but unmistakable shape of a man . 45a ext . odin' chamber - day 45 a at the top of the palace , we see a small figure on the balcony . as we move closer , we see it be a burden odin , look out over asgard . 46 int . odin' chamber - day 46 frigga enter to find odin stand lose in think . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 42a . frigga how could you have do this ? odin do you understand what he set in motion ? he 's take we to the brink of war ! frigga but banishment ? you would lose he forever ? he 's you son ! odin what would you have do ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 43. frigga I would not have exile he to a world of mortal , stripped of he power , to suffer alone . I would not have have the heart for such cruelty ! odin that be why I be King . ( then ) I , too , grieve the loss of we son . but there be some thing that even I can not undo . frigga you can bring he back . odin no . his fate be in he own hand now . 47 int . hospital room - day 47 thor awaken on a hospital bed . he notice restraint on he wrist now . he pull at they , try to free himself , to no avail . thor it 's not possible . he try again , muster all he strength . one of he hand slip free from its restraint . 47a int . county hospital er - day 47a Jane again face the admission nurse , with selvig and darcy nearby . admission nurse I be sorry , only relative can visit patient . jane ( thinking fast ) but ... I be he wife . darcy stifles a snicker at this , as the nurse look doubtful . admission nurse I think you say you do not know he . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 43a . jane I mean I barely know he anymore . the man he 's become . he 's change . I mean , what woman really know she husband , anyway ? admission nurse none of we , dear . he 's in room 102 . 48 int . hospital corridor - day 48 Jane , selvig , and darcy head down the corridor , pass the destruction of the er thor wreck the previous night . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 44 . they enter thor 's room . 49 int . hospital room 49 they step inside to find thor 's bed empty . 50 ext . hospital parking lot - day 50 Jane , selvig , and darcy quickly climb into Jane 's suv . 51 int . jane's suv 51 Jane start the car , frustrated . jane typical . I just lose my most important piece of evidence . darcy so now what ? jane we find he . selvig do you see what he do in there ? I do not know if find he be the best idea . jane I want to know what that thing be , and he may have the answer . we do not have a choice . darcy oo-kay . she pull out she taser and a can of mace . selvig so we be just go to spend the rest of the day look for he ? jane however long it take . Jane put the car in reverse and back up , when -- bam ! she collide with thor again , dress in steal hospital scrub . Jane and selvig exchange a look . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 44a . 52 ext . hospital parking lot - day 52 Jane and selvig emerge from the suv , help thor to he foot . jane I be so sorry . I swear I be not do that on purpose . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 45 . thor look up at the sky . thor Blue sky ... one sun ... this be Earth , be not it ? darcy I think you may have hit he with the car one time too many . jane ( to thor ) let 's get you some clothes . 53 int . healing room - day 53 sif , loki , and the Warrior three , batter and shell - shocked , still reeling from the day 's event , sit before a roaring central fire . hogun reach into the flame , pull out some fragile healing stone . neither the fire , nor the stone burn he . as he carefully place the stone over the wound of he comrade , the stone begin to glow . he crush they to a powder . his comrade ' injury heal up at the glow powder 's touch . fandral wince in pain as hogun heal he gape wound . volstagg look at the skin on he arm -- heal , but still blacken from the necrotize touch of the frost giant . loki watch he , then stare at he own arm , where the giant 's touch turn he skin blue . it 's undamage , back to its normal color . volstagg we should never have let he go . sif there be no stop he . fandral at least he 's only banish , not dead . which be what we would all be if that guard have not tell odin where we would go . volstagg how do the guard even know ? loki stare at he arm . loki I tell he . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 45a . fandral what ? loki I tell he to go to odin after we would leave . though he should be flogge for take so long . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 46 . volstagg you tell the guard ? loki I save we life ! and thor 's . I have no idea Father would banish he for what he do . sif loki , you be the only one who can help thor now . you must go to the allfather and convince he to change he mind ! loki and if I do , then what ? I love thor more dearly than any of you , but you know what he be . he 's arrogant . he 's reckless . he 's dangerous . you see how he be today . be that what asgard need from its King ? the other exchange glance , tear . loki have a point . he leave the room . hogun stare after he . sif he may speak about the good of asgard , but he 's always be jealous of thor . volstagg true , but we should be grateful to he . he do save we life . hogun laufey say there be traitor in the House of odin . the other turn to the usually quiet hogun . fandral why be it every time you choose to speak , it have to be something dark and ominous ? hogun a master of magic could easily bring three jotun into asgard . the other look to hogun , understanding the implication . volstagg no ! surely not ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 46a . fandral loki 's always be one for mischief , but you be talk about something else entirely . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 47 . sif who else could elude heimdall 's gaze with trick of light and shadow ? volstagg the ceremony be interrupt just before thor be name King . sif we should go to the allfather . fandral and tell he what ? " oh , by the way , we think you son just betrayed the throne . and do we a favor . bring back thor . there 's a good fellow ! " '' sif it 's we duty . if any of we suspicion be right , then all of asgard be in danger . 54 int . vault - day 54 loki head into the vault , see the casket of ancient winter sit on its stand . he walk over to it slowly , reach out to it , lift it between he forearm off its pedestal . as he do , a blueness spread from he arm , across he body . the latticework behind the casket start to separate , the destroyer rouse . a fire start to glow within its black metal armor , as it rattles to life , but loki ignore it -- the blueness spread further , consume he whole body . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 48 . odin ( o.s. ) stop ! loki turn , see odin hurry into the room , the destroyer go motionless , the latticework rejoining before it . odin eye loki with dismay . loki be I curse ? odin no . put the casket down . loki set the casket back upon its pedestal , he body quickly return to its normal form and color . he stare at he father . loki what be I ? odin you be my son . loki what more than that ? odin do not answer . he look suddenly weary , burden . loki size he up , realize the truth . loki ( cont 'd ) the casket be not the only thing you take from jotunheim that day , be it ? odin look he in the eye . he can deny it no longer . odin no . ( beat ) in the aftermath of the battle , I go into the Temple , and I find a baby . small for a giant 's offspring -- abandon , suffer , leave to die . laufey 's son . loki be send reeling by the revelation . loki laufey 's son ... he desperately struggle to make sense of it all . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 48a . loki ( cont 'd ) why ? you be knee - deep in jotun blood . why would you take I ? odin you be a innocent child . loki you take I for a purpose , what be it ? odin do not answer . loki ( cont 'd ) tell I ! odin I think we could unite we kingdom one day , bring about a alliance , bring about a permanent peace ... through you . but that plan no longer matter . loki so I be no more than another steal relic , lock up here until you might have use of I . odin why do you twist my word ? loki you could have tell I what I be from the beginning . why do not you ? odin you be my son . my blood . I want only to protect you from the truth . loki because I be the monster parent tell they child about at night ? odin do not ... loki it all make sense now . why you favore thor all this year . odin listen ... 4th blue revision 03-26-10 48b . loki because no matter how much you claim to " love " '' I , you could never have a frost giant sit on the throne of asgard ! odin 's body begin to shake , he lift he hand . it start to move out of synch temporarily , leave a trail , the effect of the odinsleep approach . loki do not notice as odin try to fight it off . odin listen to I ! loki stride away towards the exit . odin ( cont 'd ) loki! odin start towards he , when the enormous mental , emotional , and physical strain of recent event finally take its toll . the effect of the odinsleep consume he . his entire body now move out of sync with the rest of the world , leave trail behind he as he stagger backwards . odin fall back against a wall , he face contort in a scream . he collapse to the stone floor . loki , shocked , hurry to he . he take odin in he arm , call out . loki Guards ! 55 omitted 55 56 omitted 56 4th blue revision 03-26-10 49 . 57 omitted merged with scene 54 57 4th blue revision 03-26-10 50 . 58 ext . outside of crater - day 58 Cars , pick -up , and suv be park around the crater , the sound of a boisterous party come from within . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 51 . 59 ext . inside of crater 59 it look like the whole town have turn out . local sit on lounge chair , drink beer from cooler , laugh and talk . they watch the center of the crater , where large men have form a line to take a turn with the mysterious object . one of they struggle and fail to lift it . as he give up , the next man step up and take he turn , strain from the effort . other towny SNAP picture of the scene with they cell phone . they hear a approach rumble , then clear a path as a large pick - up truck back its way down the crater 's edge . a eager townie hop out the passenger side and pull a thick chain from the back of the truck . he fasten one end around the object , then securely affix the chain to the bumper and the rear of the undercarriage . eager townie this will do it . he yell to the driver . eager townie ( cont 'd ) okay , let 'er rip ! the townsfolk watch as the pick - up 's engine roar , then strain , its wheel spin futilely , until finally the rear of the truck , along with the back wheel and axle , break off and go fly . people dive out of the way . the pick - up driver stick he head out . he be stan " the man " '' lee . he look back , shocked . the townsfolk laugh , the party continue . they do not notice as -- on the crater' edge above they a impose government vehicle pull up to a stop . a fed in a suit climb out , peer down at the boisterous gather below , he eye fix on the object at the center of the crater . he be shield agent coulson . he stare down at the object which glow with a otherworldly blue energy -- mjolnir . he pull out a phone . coulson ( into phone ) Sir -- we have find it . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 51a . 60 int . smith motor - lab - day 60 in a back room , thor , now shirtless and wear jeans , look around for a t-shirt . Jane and darcy , stand in the lab , can not help but notice he reflection in the mirror . darcy eye he powerful build , rippling biceps . darcy you know , for a crazy homeless guy , he 's pretty cut . Jane turn away . thor emerge from the back room , hold a t-shirt . darcy ( cont 'd ) hey , sorry I tase you ! thor head over to Jane 's work area , start fiddling with the equipment there with interest . Jane hurry over to put a stop to it . jane Excuse I ... excuse I ! she lead he away from the work station . thor hold up the t-shirt . on the front , it bear a sticker which read : " hello , my name be dr . donald blake " .. thor look at it , puzzle . Jane rip the sticker off . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 52 . jane ( cont 'd ) my ex . thor stare at she a beat . jane ( cont 'd ) they be the only clothes I have that will fit you . sorry . thor they will suffice . thor turn he attention to the picture of the bifrost on the wall . jane you be welcome . now tell I ... thor study the frame - grab with interest . Jane point to he form in the bifrost photo . jane ( cont 'd ) what be you do , in that ? he glance at it , dismissive . thor what do anyone do in the bifrost ? everyone stare at he . selvig seem to recognize the word . Jane open she notebook , quickly write the word down . thor move close to she , eye the notation and drawing within the book , curious . selvig ( amused , skeptical ) the bifrost ... Jane start to get uncomfortable with thor stand so close to she , look over she notation . she quickly close the book . jane what exactly be the bifrost ? thor ( ignoring her ) this mortal form have grow weak . jane but -- 4th blue revision 03-26-10 52a . jane ( cont 'd ) somebody get the mortal a pop -tart . 61 int . odin' chamber - day 61 frigga sit at she husband 's bedside , hold he hand . odin lie there -- look pale and lifeless , he body and the space around it warpe from the effect of the odinsleep . the wall of the chamber have move close around he , protect he like a dark crypt , sealing off any daylight . loki sit at odin 's side , across from frigga . she speak softly to he . frigga I ask he to be honest with you from the beginning . there should be no secret in a family . loki so why do he lie ? frigga he keep the truth from you so that you would never feel different . you be in every way we son , loki , and we you family . you must know that . loki take this in , stare at odin . frigga ( cont 'd ) ( re : odin ) you can speak to he . he can see and hear we , even now . loki how long will it last ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 53. frigga I do not know . this time be different . we be unprepare . loki I never get use to see he like this . the most powerful be in the nine realm lie helpless until he body be restore . frigga but he 's put it off for so long now , I fear ... loki take she hand . she 's grateful , wipe tear from she eye . frigga ( cont 'd ) you be a good son . loki sit there , uncertain how to react , uncertain how he really feel . frigga ( cont 'd ) we must not lose hope that you father will return to we . and you brother . loki look to frigga , concerned . loki what hope be there for thor ? frigga there 's always a purpose to everything you father do . thor may yet find a way home . loki look troubled by the revelation . he rise , head for the exit , when they hear the clatter of armore footstep hurriedly approach . the einherjar guard enter the room , block he way out . loki tense , prepare for the worst , but the guard just stand before they . loki be baffle . frigga ( cont 'd ) thor be banish . the line of succession fall to you . until he awaken , asgard be yours . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 53a . the einherjar kneel before the shocked loki . another einherjar enter , hold gungnir before he . he kneel before loki , offer the spear to he . frigga ( cont 'd ) make you father proud . loki reach out tentatively , then take it . he like the feel of it in he hand . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 54 . 62 int . isabela' diner - morning 62 thor , selvig , darcy , and Jane sit at a table in the local diner . selvig and darcy watch as thor eat ravenously from a huge mound of steak and egg . a couple other full plate -- pancake and biscuit and gravy -- be pile high before he . Jane 's eager , she notebook at the ready . jane now tell we exactly what happen to you last night . thor look she in the eye , stare , intrigue . Jane get flustered , look away . jane ( cont 'd ) maybe start with how you get inside that cloud . darcy and how you could eat a entire box of pop - tart and still be this hungry . Jane shoot she a wither look . thor downs a cup of coffee . thor ( be : coffee mug ) this drink . I like it . darcy ( to thor , be : coffee ) yeah , it 's great , be not it ? isabela make the best coffee in town . thor hurl the empty mug at the ground , shatter it . thor ( call out ) another ! isabela alvarez ( 60 ) , the diner 's proprietor , glare at thor from behind the counter . jane sorry , izzy . Little accident . ( in spanish ) yo voy a pagar la taza . isabela turn to a waitress and start venting quickly in Spanish . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 54a . isabela ( in spanish ) do you see that ? the first time she bring a man in here , and he 's a lunatic ! jane ( to thor , be : mug ) what be that ? he do not understand . the other patron stare at he . thor it be delicious . I want another . jane then you should just say so ! thor I just do . jane I mean ask for it . nicely . thor I mean no disrespect . jane all right , then no more smash , deal ? thor you have my word . jane good . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 55 . a few townies , look bedraggle , enter and take a seat at the counter . we recognize they from the crater . ( among they be the drunk townie Jake , who be not presently drunk . ) isabela Morning , pete. Jake . townie pete the usual , please , izzy . isabela pour they a couple cup of coffee . drunk townie jake you miss all the excitement out at the crater . isabela what crater ? Jane and selvig overhear this , exchange a look , turn to the towny with interest . townie pete they be say some kind of satellite crash in the desert . drunk townie jake we be have a good time with it till the fed show up , chase we out . jane ( to the towny ) Excuse I , do you say there be a satellite crash ? drunk townie jake yep . they say it be radioactive . and I have my hand all over it . ( realizing ) I be probably sterile now . thor , unconcern , prepare to dig into the giant pile of pancake . darcy be amaze by the sight . darcy oh my God , this be go on Facebook . darcy whip out she cellphone . darcy ( cont 'd ) ( to thor ) smile ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 55a . thor look puzzle as she snap a photo of he and he massive stack of food . selvig ( to the towny ) what do the satellite look like ? drunk townie jake I do not know nothing about satellite . but it be heavy . Real heavy . nobody could lift it . this get thor 's attention . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 56 . thor spring to he foot , head over to drunk townie Jake , and pull the townie around to face he . thor where ?! drunk townie jake about twelve mile east of here . thor grin , he spirit soar , as he quickly stride out of the diner . pete I would not bother ! look like the whole Army be come in when we leave ! 63 ext . MAIN STREET - day 63 thor study the position of the sun , gaug he bearing . Jane , darcy , and selvig catch up to he . jane where be you go ? thor twelve mile east of here . he start to stride determinedly down the street . Jane walk with he . jane why ? thor to get what belong to I . jane so now you own a satellite ? thor it 's not what they say it be . jane whatever it be , the government seem to think it 's theirs . you intend to just walk in there and take it ? thor yes . he stop walk . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 57 . thor ( cont 'd ) if you take I there now , I will tell you everything you wish to know . jane everything ? thor all the answer you seek will be yours , once I reclaim mjolnir . darcy look to the other . darcy " myeu -muh ? " '' what 's " myeu -muh ? " '' Jane study thor . he look sincere . she 's nearly sway , when : selvig Jane . he pull she aside . thor can tell that selvig do not much care for he . selvig ( cont 'd ) ( to jane ) please do not do this . jane you know what we see last night . this can not be a coincidence . I want to know what 's in that crater . selvig I be not talk about the crater . I be talk about he . jane he 's promise we answer . selvig he 's delusional ! listen to what he 's say ! " thor. " '' " bifrost . " '' " mjolnir . " '' this be the storey I grow up with as a child ! jane I would just be drive he out there , that 's all . selvig it 's dangerous . he 's dangerous . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 58 . after a moment , she nod . they head back over to thor and darcy . jane I be sorry . I can not take you . thor I understand . then this be where we say goodbye . he take she hand and kiss it . jane that 's ... thank you . thor bow slightly to each of they . thor Jane Foster ... Erik selvig ... darcy . farewell . he head off down the street . selvig look relieved . selvig now ... let 's get back to the lab . we have work to do . selvig and darcy turn and start to go . Jane look after thor as he walk away down the street . 64 ext . odin' palace - day 64 sif join the Warrior Three as they hurry towards the throne room . 65 int . throne room - moment later 65 two einherjar guard enter , admit sif and the Warrior Three , who burst through the entrance , head bow . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 59 . sif allfather , we must speak with you urgently -- but as they raise they head , they stop short to see -- loki sitting sprawle upon he father 's throne . he wear he horn ceremonial headdress and hold gungnir in he hand . sif and the other look up , shocked at the sight before they . volstagg what be this ? loki my friend ... you have not hear ? I be now ruler of asgard . fandral where be odin ? loki Father 's fall into the odinsleep . my mother fear he may never awaken again . sif we would speak with she . sif and the Warrior Three exchange a look . loki notice . loki she have refuse to leave my father 's bedside . you can bring you " urgent " '' matter to I , you King . sif cover quickly . sif we would ask you to end thor 's banishment . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 60 . loki my first command can not be to undo the allfather 's last . we be on the brink of war with jotunheim . we people must have a sense of continuity in order to feel safe in this difficult time . sif and the Warrior Three trade look , not like any of this . loki ( cont 'd ) all of we must stand together , for the good of asgard . fandral of course . sif and the Warrior Three bow they head and exit . loki stare after they . 66 ext . puente antiguo , new mexico - MAIN STREET - day 66 Jane , selvig , and darcy head up the street . they be by arturo 's , when a pick - up truck pull up before they , stop by traffic . in the back of the vehicle , Jane notice , partially cover by a tarp , the dark matter analysis machine from she lab . jane hey ! that 's my stuff ! 66a ext . smith motor - lab 66 a Jane , selvig , and darcy reach the lab , where government vehicle be park . shield agent haul equipment out of the lab and load it into wait van . other Agents strip all the equipment from inside the pinzgauer and cart it away . still other emerge from she trailer , arm load with scientific instrument and document . jane what the hell be go on here ?! the Agents ignore she as agent coulson approach . coulson Ms. Foster , I be agent coulson , with shield . selvig , recognize the name of the organization , grow wary . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 60a . jane I do not care who you work for , you can not do this ! selvig Jane . this be more serious than you realize . let it go . jane let it go ?! this be my life ! coulson we be here investigate a security threat . we need to appropriate you equipment and all you atmospheric data . jane by " appropriate " '' you mean " steal ? " '' instead of answer , coulson give she a check . coulson this should more than compensate you for you trouble . she throw the check to the ground without look at it . jane I can not just pick up replacement from radioshack ! I make most of that equipment myself ! coulson then I be sure you can do it again . jane and I be sure I can sue you for violate my constitutional rights ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 61 . coulson we be the good guy , Ms. Foster . he try to walk away , but Jane block he path . she be fully herself , fuel by outrage . jane so be we ! we be on the verge of understanding something extraordinary . Jane hold up she notebook . jane ( cont 'd ) everything I know about this phenomenon be in this lab and in this book , and no one have the right to take it from I . coulson gesture to a nearby agent , who promptly pluck the notebook out of Jane 's hand and add it to the pile he 's carry . Jane be stunne . coulson thank you for you cooperation . he get into a car . the car and truck pull away . 67 int . smith motor - lab - day 67 Jane , selvig , and darcy enter , stare in shock at the now - empty space . jane year of research , go . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 62 . darcy they even take my ipod . selvig and you back -up ? jane look around ! they take we back - up . they take the back -up of we back-up . darcy I just download , like , thirty song on there . jane ( to darcy ) will you please stop talk about you ipod ?! ( to selvig ) who be this people ? selvig no one know much about they . but I know a scientist -- a pioneer in gamma radiation . shield show up , and he be never hear from again . jane I be not go to let they do this . I be get everything back . selvig please , let I contact one of my colleague . Dr. pym have have some dealing with this people . I will e- mail he and see if he can help . darcy they take you laptop , too . annoy , selvig think . 67a ext . puente antiguo library - day 67a selvig and Jane in the pinzgauer drive up in front of the town 's rinky - dink library . a sign in the window read , " free internet . " '' selvig I will just be a minute . he climb out and head inside . Jane look down the street and see something that intrigue she . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 62a . 68 int . pet store - day 68 thor enter the store and approach a pet store clerk . thor I need a horse . pet store clerk sorry , we do not sell horse . just dog , cat , bird . thor then give I one of that , large enough to ride . the Pet store clerk look confuse . just then , thor hear a car horn . he turn to the open door . across the street , Jane call to he from the pinzgauer . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 63. jane you still want a lift ? 68a int . puente antiguo library - day 68a it 's story time in the library , as a librarian read a book -- " the secret history of giant " '' -- to a group of kid . librarian ( reading ) " and though they be large , giant can be quiet . you have to listen carefully for the sound of they footstep -- because they may be closer than you think . " '' nearby , selvig sit at a computer terminal , finish up he e-mail . beside he , a kid flip through a book with interest . the librarian stop mid-story and call to the kid pleasantly . librarian ( cont 'd ) joshua , come sit down . it 's story time . the kid close he book and join the other . selvig look over , notice the title of the book the kid be read -- " MYTHS and legend from around the world . " '' he pick it up , flip through it , stop at the section on scandinavian mythology . it 's a picture of a rainbow bridge come down from asgard to earth . asgardian walk upon it , among they odin , loki , and thor , who wield mjolnir . on the ground below they , a group of viking kneel reverently . he eye the illustration , ponder . 69 omitted 69 70 ext . desert - dusk 70 Jane 's pinzgauer cut off the road , head over the rugge terrain . Storm cloud roll in over the desert sky . 71 int . pinzgauer - dusk 71 Jane drive , pump with adrenaline , nervous and excited , as thor sit beside she , upbeat and eager for battle . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 63a . jane I have never do anything like this before ! have you ever do anything like this before ? thor look amused by she excitement . thor many time . you be brave to do it . jane they just steal my entire life 's work . I really do not have anything leave to lose . thor but you be clever . Far more clever than anyone else in this realm . jane " this realm ? " '' why do you talk like that ? thor you think I strange ? Jane laugh , catch herself . jane yeah . just a little . thor good strange or bad strange ? jane I be not quite sure yet . she look at he , see he stare at she . she 's lose in he gaze , distract , when the pinzgauer lurch . she quickly turn she eye forward , regains control of the car . jane ( cont 'd ) sorry . she glance back at he . he 's confident , determine . jane ( cont 'd ) who be you ? really ? thor you will see soon enough . jane you promise I answer . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 63b . thor look at she , charme by she persistence . thor what you seek -- it 's a bridge . jane a bridge ? like a einstein-rosen Bridge ? thor more like a rainbow bridge . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 64 . a beat . jane God , I hope you be not crazy . 71a ext . desert - night 71a as the pinzgauer head away , we continue up a hillside , revealing a light illuminate the valley beyond . as we move closer , we see the glow come from -- a massive shield base now set up around the crater -- vehicle , trailer , barricade . armed guard man a gate in the razor wire fence that run fifty yard from the crater 's edge , enclose the complex . clear , plastic access tube with junction box lead to a translucent cube structure erect in the middle of the crater . through the glass wall of the base 's command trailer , we see coulson direct technician , busy at work . within the cube structure itself , a team of shield scientist work with high - tech machinery , analyze the object at the center of it all -- mjolnir . 72 ext . ridge above crater - night 72 Jane and thor crawl to the edge of the ridge , look through binocular , see the impressive shield base . jane that be not a satellite crash . they would have haul the wreckage away , not build a city around it . thor shrug out of he jacket and hand it to she . thor you be go to need this . jane why ? -- Thunder rumble overhead . she stare at he intently and take he jacket . thor stay here . once I have mjolnir , I will return what they steal from you . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 64a . he look to she , already know that Jane may disobey he request . thor ( cont 'd ) deal ? jane no ! look what 's down there ! you can not just walk in , grab we stuff , and walk out ! thor no . Jane look relieved . thor ( cont 'd ) I be go to fly out . before she can react , he start head towards the crater . the first drop of rain begin to patter into the dust . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 65 . jane wait ... but thor be already head towards the crater . 72a ext . shield base / int . hammer containment cube structure 72a a needle spike on a handheld sensor device . the technician hold it look over at the hammer . mjolnir begin to give off a subtle glow . a bolt of lightning crack across the sky above . CUT to : 73 a aerial infrare video image of the area 73 it 's fuzzy , do not show much . we widen to see we be : 74 int . shield desert base - security room 74 a young shield agent , a techie in a headset , monitor security . agent sitwell , humorless , just this side of junior , look on , none- too - pleased . techie feed from the keyhole . can barely penetrate the cloud cover . the techie hike a thumb at another monitor , squelching with static . it show a sar shot of the area , laid over a terrain map . techie ( cont 'd ) tech 's barely work as it be , with all the interference that thing 's give off . he gesture towards the hammer . he check a computer . techie ( cont 'd ) hey , we have get a commercial aircraft come in right over we , Southwest Airlines Flight 5434 . sitwell reroute it , like all the other . techie right . can I get the passenger some free drink for the trouble ? sitwell glare at he . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 65a . techie ( cont 'd ) ( shrug ) it would be a nice gesture . the techie type into the computer , when he notice something on another screen , hold up a hand . techie ( cont 'd ) hold a sec ... we get something outside the fence , west side ... he point at the screen . through the haze , it show a thermal image huddle beside the fence . sitwell ( into a radio ) delancey , Jackson -- check it out . 74a ext . shield desert base 74a a pair of shield agent ( delancey and jackson ) take off in a jeep to investigate . 74b ext . shield security room 74b sitwell look out the window , something strange catch he attention . we see in the window 's reflection that a glow be come from the hammer containment area . 75 ext . shield desert base - fence - moment later 75 the jeep pull up as the Agents scan the fence with a flashlight , see nothing unusual . agent jackson ( into radio ) look like we be good here . must have be another coyote . just then , the Agents notice a section of the fence have be bent up from the ground , leave a gap . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 66 . before they can call it in , a massive crack of lightning illuminate the night sky -- revealing the silhouette of a large man stand outside the driver 's ( Jackson 's ) side of the jeep . delancey look over , notice . agent delancey Jackson ? the Agents reach for they weapon . thor elbow the driver across the jaw , cause he to drop he weapon . Jackson slump over the steering wheel , as delancey start to raise a shotgun at thor . thor grab the barrel , yank it out of delancey 's hand and thrust the hilt back , smash the agent 's jaw . thor reach into the jeep to grab a rain slicker . 75a int . shield desert base - security 75 a sitwell talk into he radio , start to look worried . sitwell ( into radio ) delancey , Jackson -- report . 76 ext . shield desert base - moment later 76 thor , now wear a shield rain slicker , make he way across the base . another shield agent approach the jeep , spot the unconscious delancey and Jackson . he quickly call into he radio . shield agent Agents down ! we have get a perimeter breach ! 77 int . shield desert base - security 77 the security monitor squelch with static and interference . sitwell hold he pda -- even it 's on the fritz . sitwell and the techie watch the monitor warily . on the monitor show the hammer containment area , mjolnir start to crackle with energy . sitwell ( to the techie ) get coulson . sitwell punch a alarm . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 66a . 78 ext . shield desert base 78 as thor make he way towards the crater , a alarm sound and security light explode to life . 78a ext . ridge above crater 78a a spotlight fire out from the base and sweep across the ridge towards Jane . she duck down , out of sight . she pull out she cellphone and dial . we hear selvig 's record message . selvig ( v.o. , on phone ) you have reach Dr. Erik selvig . please leave I a message . his voicemail beeps . she talk quietly , urgently . jane Erik , okay , first of all , do not worry . I be perfectly fine , really . more sound of mayhem come from the base . jane ( cont 'd ) but if you do not hear from I again , you might want to come out to the crater site and look for I . I kind of do what you say I should not do . thanks . bye . she hang up . 79 ext . shield desert base - command trailer 79 coulson emerge from the shield command trailer and march across the mud , radio to he ear . he look out across the light up site uneasily . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 67 . 80 ext . shield desert base - night 80 a shield guard move through the base , rifle in hand . from the shadow behind a trailer , a figure look out at he . as the Guard raise he radio to check in , thor quickly rush towards he and choke he out . he fall to the ground . thor notice the ar - 15 rifle lie on the ground beside the fall Guard . he stare down at the weapon quizzically . as more guard approach , thor snatch up the weapon and take cover in the shadow of the trailer . the Guards pass by . thor peer around the corner , see the well - guard main entrance tube to the center of the site . a bright light suddenly illuminate he face . he look to see a atv move across the site , shine its spotlight right on he . thor see that the atv driver have spot he . the Driver raise he radio to report . thor know he have to act fact . he raise the rifle -- then flip it over in the air and catch it by the barrel . he rear the weapon back , then hurl it like a hammer . it fly through the air , smash the atv 's spotlight . Glass and debris shower the driver , who take he hand off the wheel to protect himself . the atv roar out of control past the Guards near the tube entrance . the Guards notice and chase after it . thor emerge from the shadow , watch the Guards abandon the site entrance . 80a ext . edge of crater 80 a the atv Driver look forward in panic as the atv approach the crater lip . the vehicle careen over the edge of the crater and head straight for one of the plastic tunnel . the technician inside scatter as the atv crash into it , tear into the tunnel , send spark everywhere . the atv finally come to a stop , the tunnel collapse around it and the Driver . shield agent rush in behind to help . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 67a . 81 ext . ridge above crater 81 Jane peer over the ridge , stare down at the frenzied aftermath of the atv crash , at the base on high alert . lightn crack in the sky behind she . 82 omitted 82 82a omitted 82a 82b ext . shield desert base 82b coulson climb to the lip of the crater as a light rain begin to fall . he eye the damage of the atv crash . he 's not pleased . the light rain become a downpour . 82c ext . MAIN entrance tube 82c as shield Agents pull the atv driver from the wreckage , thor race towards the unguard entrance to the tunnel and head inside . 82d int . entrance tube 82d thor race up the entrance ramp . before he , two guard round the corner . thor knock out the first Guard , then tackle the second . he hurry around the corner , when more guard come up a ladder ahead . thor punch the close Guard , send he tumble backwards , toppling the other on the ladder behind he . thor take off run , as the Guards regroup and give chase . thor spot the glow of mjolnir in the central cube , through the translucent wall of the tunnel . he hurry through to tunnel to find a way towards it . 82e ext . edge of crater 82e coulson stand on the crater lip , bark out order , as the Guards in the tunnel rush to cut off thor . coulson activate he radio . coulson I want eye up high . with a gun . now ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 67b . 82e.a int . shield trailer 82e.a a sniper , dress in black tactical gear and high - tech nightvision equipment , pick up a rifle , sling it over he shoulder and head out . his name be barton . 82e.b ext . shield desert base 82e.b lightn crackle around the camp . 82e.c ext . shield desert base - crane site 82e.c Barton approach a crane bucket . he leap in , and the bucket lift into the air . 82f ext . shield desert base - tunnel 82 F through the translucent plastic , we see thor racing through the tub . 82g int . tunnel 82g as thor race through the tunnel , a guard run right at he , on a collision course . thor take he out with a punch to the gut , then turn to see more agent come towards he . thor pick up the fall Guard he punch , then throw he into the approach Agents , scatter they . thor turn around , run back the way he come . the Agents give chase . 82h ext . ridge above crater 82h Jane look down at the crater through binocular , frustrated that she can not clearly see what 's happen . 82i ext . crater 82i coulson watch the commotion in the tunnel complex . he head off for the command trailer to enter the tunnel . 82j omitted 82j 82k ext . shield desert base 82 k the crane basket ascend into the high wind as Barton ready he sniper rifle . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 67c . 82l ext . tunnel complex 82l we see the figure of thor inside the complex , head down a ladder from a junction box , with other figure converge on he . 82l.a int . command trailer tunnel entrance 82l.a coulson enter the tunnel through the command trailer . he call on he radio . coulson Barton . talk to I . 82m omitted 82 m 82n omitted 82n 82o omitted 82o 82p omitted 82p 4th blue revision 03-26-10 68 . 83 ext . shield desert base - crane site 83 the crane hold Barton arc out over the structure . Barton take aim . barton ( into radio ) one shot , one kill , sir . just give the word . barton' nightvision Pov overlook the complex . it 's a clear field of vision , nowhere to hide . a digital read - out give information on the distance to the target . he lock in on thor , who 's inside the plastic tub , emerge from the junction box and head towards the cube structure . barton ( cont 'd ) hello , handsome . 83a int . tunnel 83a thor race through the tunnel , come across a wall of agent . thor roar and barrel through they -- elbow , punch -- whatever it take to keep move . as he take down the last agent , thor see the last junction box and the entrance to the cube structure up ahead . he race towards it . he can actually see mjolnir within the middle of the structure , when -- bam ! from out of nowhere , a fist land a powerful blow across he jaw , send he reeling . daze , thor look up to see -- a huge shield agent the biggest of they all , stand between he and he hammer in the cube structure beyond . thor size he up . thor you be big . thor grin . thor ( cont 'd ) fought bigger . 83b ext . junction BOX 83b thor and the huge agent explode through the wall of the junction box , then crash into the mud , send they slide . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 68a . 83c ext . crane bucket 83c Barton have thor in he site . the sniper stand still as a statue . 83d int . tunnel 83d coulson hurry through the tunnel , ready to give the word to Barton , when he stop short . he see what look like a electrical storm erupting inside the structure ahead , directly above the crater ... and the hammer . 83e ext . ridge above crater 83e Jane see shield Agents and Guards swarm into the cube containment structure . jane no ... 84 ext . crater 84 thor and the huge agent struggle to stand in the mud . through the translucent wall of the cube structure , thor see mjolnir . the huge agent rise up before he , block he view . rain and blood run down thor 's face . he lunge forward , whipping he foot in front of he , then kick out , nail the huge agent in the chest . the agent go down hard as thor 's momentum carry he past . thor stand , head for the cube structure , when the huge Guard grab he ankle in a last effort . thor look back down at he foe , then drop backwards , pile drive he elbow into the fall agent 's chest . the huge agent grimace in pain , defeat . thor race back towards the structure . 84h int . hammer containment cube 84h from outside , thor rip a open in the plastic wall of the structure . he stand there -- soaking , bleed , cake with wet earth . his hammer rest just a few yard before he , energy surging around it . coulson step into the structure through a access tunnel , one story up . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 68b . as thor approach he hammer , mjolnir start to glow brighter , blue electricity sparking off its surface . the crackle energy seem to reach out to he . coulson notice , he interest pique . above the open ceiling of the structure , Barton 's crane bucket come into view . 84i ext . crane bucket 84i wind and rain whip around Barton as he stare into he rifle site , lock on the back of thor 's head -- he finger on the trigger . 84j int . hammer containment cube 84j thor stand next to the hammer , feel its power . he reach out to it confidently . coulson watch from above . armed agent approach behind he . he motion for they to hold they position , then radio Barton . coulson Barton ... 84k ext . crane bucket 84 k Barton stand ready to take thor down . his finger start to squeeze the trigger . coulson ( v.o. , on radio ) ...hold you fire . Barton release the trigger , pull up . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 69 . 84l int . hammer containment cube 84l coulson watch thor with anticipation as thor wrap he hand around the hammer . he smile , triumphant , lift ... but the hammer do not move . thor look confuse , try again with two hand , to no avail -- anger and frustration overtake he . he strain with all he might , scream from the effort , bellow up at the storm and lightning above he . something begin to appear on the side of mjolnir -- glow rune . thor look down , see they . but , still , the hammer do not budge . thor fall to he knee before it , rain pour down around he , as the glow rune fade away . he 's fail . unworthy . coulson look on , disappointed . shield agent move in , gun train on thor , surround he . coulson activate he radio . coulson Ground unit , move in . show 's over . as the Agents surround he , thor do not seem to notice or care . he just sit there on he knee , head bow in the rain -- a man break , lose . from overhead , we see the hammer in the cube containment room . we pull up as the Guards approach thor , then continue to climb , until we see the whole camp -- and the extensive damage thor 's do to it during the melee . 85 omitted 85 86 ext . ridge above crater - night 86 Jane lower she binocular , sense thing have go from bad to worse . she steel herself , then start over the ridge to help he . almost immediately , a spotlight sweep past she . she hear the sound of dog and shield agent approach , see the glow of flashlight move from the base towards she . with no other choice , she make a quick retreat . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 69a . 87 ext . heimdall's observatory - night 87 heimdall stand at he post , watch the scene . he lower he head . 88 int . smith motor - lab - night 88 Jane stand with selvig and darcy in the empty lab . darcy pick up the book selvig check out of the library , look through it . jane I can not just leave he there . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 70 . selvig why not ? jane you do not see what happen . darcy point at a illustration of thor 's hammer in the book . darcy hey ! myeu-muh ! Jane look at the illustration in the book , turn to selvig knowingly . jane ( re : book ) where do you find this ? selvig grab the book from they , quickly close it . selvig in the child 's section . I want to show you how ridiculous he story be . Jane be unconvince by this . she know he want to believe . jane be not you the one who 's always tell I to chase down all lead , all possibility ? selvig I be talk about science , not magic ! jane Magic 's just science we do not understand yet . Arthur c. Clarke . selvig who write science fiction . jane the precursor of science fact . selvig in some case . jane if that 's really a einstein-rosen Bridge out there , then there 's something on the other side . ( more ) 4th blue revision 03-26-10 70a . jane ( cont 'd ) Advanced being could have come through it before . selvig Jane ... darcy a primitive culture like the Viking might have worshipped they as deity . they give she a look , surprised by she unexpectedly insightful input . darcy shrug . Jane point at she , grateful for the support . jane yes ! exactly ! thank you ! darcy beam . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 71 . selvig Jane , if you do this , you will find yourself in a situation that I will not be able to get you out of this time . darcy I will help you . Jane look grateful . selvig look at she , see there 's no stop she . he sigh . 89 int . shield holding cell - night 89 thor sit in a chair , stare forward blankly , hand cuffed behind he . coulson stand across from he . coulson it 's not easy to do what you do . you make we all look like a bunch of mall cop . that 's hurtful . ( then ) the man you so easily subdued be highly - train professional , and in my experience , it take someone who 's receive similar training to do what you do to they . would you like to tell I where you receive you training ? thor sit silently . coulson ( cont 'd ) Pakistan ? Chechnya ? Afghanistan ? then again , you strike I more as the soldier of fortune type . what be it , South Africa ? still no answer . coulson lean in close to he . coulson ( cont 'd ) certain group pay well for a good mercenary . especially hydra . coulson wait for a response , but get none . coulson ( cont 'd ) who be you ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 72 . thor just a man . coulson one way or another , we find out what we want to know . we be good at that . coulson leave the room . thor lower he head . loki ( o.s. ) I think he would never leave . thor look up , shocked to find loki stand there , dress in 21st century attire . thor loki ? what be you do here ? loki I have to see you . thor what 's happen ? tell I ! be it jotunheim ? let I explain to father -- loki Father be dead . thor stare at he , stunne . thor what ? loki you banishment , the threat of a new war , it be too much for he to bear . the implication of loki 's word dawn on thor -- he 's responsible for he father 's fate . loki draw close to he , look in he eye , consolingly . loki ( cont 'd ) you must not blame yourself . I know that you love he . I try to tell he so , but he would not listen . ( more ) 4th blue revision 03-26-10 73. loki ( cont 'd ) ( then ) it be cruel to put the hammer within you reach , know you could never lift it . thor stare ahead , fall deeper into the abyss . loki ( cont 'd ) the burden of the throne have fall to I now . thor can I come home ? loki the truce with jotunheim be conditional upon you exile . thor but could not we find a way to -- loki mother have forbidden you return . thor nod , lower he head , beat . loki ( cont 'd ) this be goodbye , brother . I be so sorry . thor no , I be sorry . loki ... thank you for come here . loki nothing could have stop I . coulson enter the room , but seem to take no notice of loki . loki ( cont 'd ) fare well , brother . thor good-bye . coulson good-bye ? I just get back . thor look up to see that loki be go . coulson ( cont 'd ) now . where do we leave off ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 73a . 90 ext . crater - night 90 Agents and scientist work to repair the damage area around mjolnir . they take no notice of loki as he step up beside the hammer . he stare at it -- intrigue , wonder . can he do it ? he reach down , try to lift it -- but can not . he let it go , eye it with contempt , then step away . he gesture with he arm . a odd GREEN and gold light rise from the ground , envelop he , then he disappear . 91 int . holding cell - night 91 sitwell enter and speak sotto to coulson . sitwell ( re : thor ) Sir ... he 's get a visitor . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 74 . 92 int . security room - moment later 92 coulson and several other shield agent stand across from Erik selvig . coulson " Donald blake ? " '' selvig Doctor Donald blake . he 's part of we team . coulson you have dangerous coworker , Dr. selvig . selvig Troubled , not dangerous . he be distraught when he find out that you would take all of we research . it be year of he life , go ! he get depressed , start drink , and ... well , you know the rest . coulson uh-huh . you mind if we take a moment to verify he identity ? selvig certainly . the techie at a computer nearby run the name . selvig ( cont 'd ) you can understand how a man could go off like that . I mean , a big , faceless organization like yours , come in with they jack - boot thug and steal private property ... ( then ) ... be how he describe it . coulson that do not explain how he manage to tear through we security . selvig shrug . selvig steroid . he 's a bit of a fitness nut . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 74a . on the techie 's monitor , a dmv record from the State of New York pop up read " dr . donald blake " '' . the license photo be indeed a picture of thor -- the one darcy take with she cellphone . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 75 . the techie hit a button , and a graphic read , " shield security analysis in progress . " '' coulson eye the screen . after a beat , he turn back to selvig . coulson it say here he 's a M.D. selvig he be . that be , he be . he switch career and become a physicist . he 's quite brilliant , really . ( then ) if you would just release he to I , I promise to keep a eye on he . coulson think , size selvig up -- then smile . he turn to a agent nearby . coulson release Dr. blake to Dr. selvig here . the techie look to he , surprised . coulson ( cont 'd ) ( to selvig ) make sure he stay in town for the next few day in case we need to talk to he again . selvig shake he hand . selvig thank you . 92a int . shield holding cell - night 92a selvig burst into the room with a shield agent to find a seat thor . selvig donny , donny , donny ! there you be ! thor look up , unsure what the hell be go on . selvig pull thor to he foot , give he a warm hug . selvig ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be all right , my friend . come on , I be take you home . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 75a . he lead the bewilder thor out the door . 92b ext . coulson' trailer - night 92b as thor and selvig make they way past the shield Security room , thor notice Jane 's possession and equipment from the Smith Motors lab stack under a tarp . he spot Jane 's hand - write journal among they . as he pass , he quickly take it from the pile and pocket it . 92c int . security room - night 92c coulson look at the computer bear Donald blake 's dmv record . a security warning over the image clearly read " security alert : falsified data . " '' he know it 's be a ruse all along . he look to selvig and thor head away from the Security room , then follow they outside . 93 ext . shield desert base - night 93 coulson and two shield Agents watch as selvig walk with thor away from the base to the suv . coulson call to selvig . coulson just keep he away from the bar . selvig I will ! thor ( to selvig ) where be we go ? selvig drop he cool demeanor . selvig to get a drink . selvig and thor climb into the suv . as they drive off , coulson turn to the other two agent -- garrett and cale . coulson follow they . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 76 . 94 ext . jotunheim - day 94 loki , look apprehensive , walk alone across the icy surface of the planet . 95 int . laufey' temple - day 95 darkness shroud the ruin temple , save for the shaft of light which knife they way in through the damage ceiling . loki enter . frost giant guard surround he on all side . laufey approach , tower over he menacingly . laufey tell I why I should not kill you . loki I have come alone and unarm . laufey to what end ? loki to make you another proposition . laufey ( realizing ) so you be the one who let we into asgard . loki you be welcome . laufey my man be dead , and I have no casket . you be a deceiver . laufey lash out , grab loki around the throat , but loki calmly stand he ground . loki you have no idea what I be . the blueness spread across he face , as laufey and the guard stare in shock . loki grin . loki ( cont 'd ) hello , Father . laufey release he . loki 's body turn back to normal . intrigue , laufey size up he son . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 76a . laufey ah , the bastard son . I think odin have kill you . that 's what I would have do . he 's as weak as you be . loki no longer weak . I now rule asgard , until odin awaken . perhaps you should not have so carelessly abandon I . this give laufey pause . laufey or perhaps it be the wisest choice I have ever make . I will hear you . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 77 . loki I will conceal you and a handful of you soldier , lead you into he chamber , and let you slay he where he lie . I will keep the throne , and you will have the casket . laufey study loki 's face . laufey why would you do this ? loki when all be do , we will have a permanent peace between we two world . then I , the bastard son , will have accomplish what odin and thor never could . laufey this be a great day for jotunheim . asgard be finally ours . loki no. asgard be mine . the rest of the nine realm will be yours , if you do as you be tell . laufey consider the proposition . laufey I accept . loki turn to leave . as he go , the slight trace of a smile cross he face . 96 int . heimdall's observatory - day 96 loki emerge out of the bifrost , as heimdall step away from he control . heimdall glare at loki . loki notice . loki what trouble you , gatekeeper ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 78 . heimdall I turn my gaze upon you in jotunheim , but could neither see nor hear you . you be shroud from I , like the frost Giants who enter this realm . loki perhaps you sense have weaken after you many year of service . heimdall or perhaps someone have find a way to hide that which he do not wish I to see . loki size he up , smile . loki you have great power , heimdall . tell I , do odin ever fear you ? heimdall no . loki and why be that ? heimdall because he be my King , and I be swear to obey he . loki exactly . just as you be swear to obey I now . yes ? a beat . heimdall yes . loki good . then you will open the bifrost to no one until I have undone what my brother have start . loki head out of the observatory . heimdall stare after he . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 78a . 97 int . bar - night 97 thor and selvig sit at a booth at the back of the local dive . the bartender set down a couple mug of beer and two shot of whiskey . selvig pour the shot into he mug and downs it . thor follow he example . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 79 . selvig seem darcy 's a terrible intern , but a talented hacker . thor thank you for what you have do . selvig do not thank I . I only do it for Jane . thor be you in love with she ? selvig of course not ! Jane 's like a daughter to I . her father and I teach at University together . a good man , but he never listen . this register with thor . thor neither do I . selvig eye he with interest . selvig I do not know if you be really delusional , and I really do not care at this point . I just care about she . I have see the way she look at you . thor I swear to you , I mean she no harm . selvig good . if that 's the case , then I will buy you one more drink , and you will leave town tonight . a long pause , then thor nod . he take a drink . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 80 . thor I have it all backwards . I have it all wrong . selvig watch he keenly . this be a different thor than he 's see before . selvig it 's not a bad thing , find out that you do not have all the answer . that 's when you start ask the right question . thor take this in . thor for the first time in my life , I have no idea what I be suppose to do . selvig anyone who 's ever go to find they way in this world have to start by admit they do not know where the hell they be . thor nod . drunk townie ( o.s. ) hey , I know you , man ... a intimidating drunk townie nearby size up thor . he be one of the towny from isabela 's diner who see thor earlier . he approach , belligerent and look for a fight . drunk townie ( cont 'd ) you be in the diner with that hot girl . thor do not like where this be go . drunk townie ( cont 'd ) I would not mind she do a little research on I . he laugh . thor be annoyed . thor I have no quarrel with you . but she 's a lady . you should be more respectful . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 80a . drunk townie and you should shut the hell up , princess . selvig look to thor , concerned that he 's go to lose it . but , to he surprise , thor remain unaffected by the townie 's bait . thor I will not fight he . drunk townie then it will be easy to kick you ass . selvig stand , step between the two man . selvig gentlemen , please . let 's keep we head . just then , selvig head - butt the townie , knock he out . thor 's impressed . selvig downs he drink , then hurl he glass aside , shatter it on the ground . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 81 . selvig ( cont 'd ) ( to thor ) another drink ? 98 ext . MAIN STREET - night 98 thor and selvig stumble down the street , sing a norwegian folk song . they improvise a impromptu drink song dance routine involve side step and happy slap , optimistically in time with the song . thor / selvig ( singing ) " the mood be good , we heart be full , there 's magic in the air . / it 's all because we be here tonight , and have not get a care . / so raise a glass , and toast to life , wherever it may lead / tra-la - la , tra-la - la , a friend be fine indeed . / tra-la-la , tra-la -la , a friend be fine indeed ! " '' thor hold up a hand for selvig 's last finish slap . selvig miss it completely and fall out of frame like a straight dead weight with a clunk . wide shot . emerging from behind the car where selvig fall , thor stand up , selvig sling over he shoulder , and start to walk up the street towards Jane 's trailer . 99 int . jane's trailer - night 99 the small trailer be in a state of perpetual disarray , strewn with various book , old pizza box , etc . a worried Jane lie on she bed , try to read . she 's startle by the loud rapping on the door . she bolt to the door and open it to find -- thor stand there with the unconscious selvig sling over he shoulder . jane Erik ! ( to thor ) be he all right ? thor he 's fine . not injure at all . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 81a . as thor enter , he bang selvig 's head on the doorway . selvig groans . thor ( cont 'd ) sorry , my friend . jane what happen ? thor we drank . we fight . he make he ancestor proud . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 82. jane put he on the bed . thor move through the small trailer carry selvig , like a bear lug another bear , smash into thing along the way , until he finally set selvig down on Jane 's bed . selvig awaken groggily and look up at he through bleary eye . selvig I still do not believe you be the God of Thunder . ( then ) but you ought to be . thor grin , pat he on the cheek . as selvig drift off to sleep , thor pull a blanket over he . Jane watch , stunne by they friendship , impressed by thor 's tenderness . thor turn back to she , look around . thor this be you chamber ? Jane suddenly become self - conscious . she start clean up the mess around she . jane well , it 's more of a temporary live space , really . I do not usually have visitor in here . actually , never ... thor pick up a sock off the floor . she snatch it from he , put it away . jane ( cont 'd ) can we go outside ? 100 ext . smith motor - roof - night 100 thor step off a ladder onto the roof of Smith Motors . he offer Jane he hand , help she up . there 's a telescope set up , a couple chair , some blanket . jane I come up here sometimes when I can not sleep . or when I be try to reconcile particle data . or when darcy 's drive I crazy . ( then ) I come up here a lot , now that I think about it . thor look at the night sky , fill with star . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 82a . jane ( cont 'd ) I be glad you be safe . thor you have be very kind . I have be far less grateful than you deserve . jane I also hit you with my car a couple time , so it kind of even out . he grin , then reach into he pocket and pull out she notebook . jane ( cont 'd ) I do not believe it ... she take it from he , surprised and grateful . thor it be all I could get back . not as much as I promise . I be sorry . jane no , this be good . thank you . this mean I do not have to start from scratch ... she sit down and open the notebook eagerly , then stop , a harsh realization clouding she face . thor notice . thor what 's wrong ? jane shield , whatever they be . they be never go to let this research see the light of day . thor you must do this . you must finish what you have start . jane why ? thor because you be right . it 's take so many generation for you people to get to this point . you be nearly there . you just need someone to show you how close you really be . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 83. thor move beside she , open she notebook , turn to the page which bear a sketch of the bifrost . he take the pen from the notebook , begin to add to the sketch , lead from one point to another in space . thor ( cont 'd ) look -- you ancestor call it magic . you call it science . I come from a place where they be one and the same thing . we recognize that thor be draw the branch of yggdrasil as she look on , amaze and intrigue . jane what be it ? thor this be how my father explain it to I ... ( then ) you world be one of the nine realm of the cosmos , link to each other by the branch of yggdrasil , the world Tree . now , you see it every day , without realize . image glimpse through -- what do you call it ?... ( check she notebook ) ... this hubble telescope . so , nine realm ... they look at each other . she nod . they smile . this be go to be a long night . 101 ext . smith motor - roof - later 101 Jane sleep beside thor on the blanket on the rooftop . he stare up at the night sky . she roll close to he , nuzzle against he in she sleep . he look down at she , beautiful in the moonlight , look out at the town beyond she . 102 int . healing room - day 102 volstagg eat ravenously from a platter of food . sif stand nearby , ill at ease . fandral watch volstagg incredulously as the large warrior stuff himself . finally fandral can stand it no more . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 84 . fandral we dearest friend banish , loki on the throne , asgard on the brink of war , yet you manage to consume four wild boar , six pheasant , a side of beef , and two cask of ale . shame on you ! do not you care ?! fandral move to throw the platter in the fire , but volstagg pull he weapon , stop he . volstagg do not mistake my appetite for apathy . sif stop it , both of you ! we all know what we have to do , we be just too damned afraid to do it ! hogun ( decide ) we must go . we must find thor . hogun start to pull the delicate healing stone from the fire , carefully put they into a pouch at he side . fandral it 's treason , hogun . volstagg to hell with treason , it 's suicide . ( suddenly nervous ) now , shh ! heimdall may be watch ! it 's say he can hear -- fandral yes , yes , we know ! sif thor would do the same for we . a einherjar guard enter . they tense . einherjar guard heimdall demand you presence . volstagg quickly drain he flagon of ale . volstagg we be doom . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 84a . 103 ext . MAIN STREET - morning 103 Dawn break over the quiet town of puente antiguo . 104 ext . smith motor - roof - day 104 thor awaken , look down to see Jane still sleep , nuzzle against he . she open she eye , look up at he and smile . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 85 . he stand , offer he hand , help she to she foot . 105 ext . smith motor - lab 105 thor help Jane down off a ladder . a groggy , hungover selvig emerge from Jane 's trailer . he see thor with Jane . selvig eye the two of they together , then : selvig I need some coffee . the three head inside Smith Motors . from the library rooftop across the STREET shield Agents garrett and cale watch the scene , point a small audio surveillance device towards the lab . 105a int . smith motor - lab - day 105 a darcy and selvig sit at a card table , drink coffee . thor hold a couple plate as Jane make egg on a hotplate . she scoops they out onto the plate . thor take they over to the table , set they down before selvig and darcy . darcy thanks . thor you be very welcome . Jane join they at the card table with a couple more plate . she and thor sit with the other and start to eat they breakfast , look like a little family . 106 omitted 106 107 omitted 107 4th blue revision 03-26-10 86 . 108 ext . MAIN STREET 108 on a roof across the street from Smith Motors , Agents garrett and cale continue they surveillance , bored out of they wit . agent cale watch the group through the lab window with binocular . agent garrett listen to he comm - link , turn to cale . agent garrett they want a update . agent cale tell they he 's eat egg . agent garrett scramble or fry ? cale glare at he . agent cale ( into comm - link ) target be eat egg , sir . we will keep you post . 108aa int . smith motor - lab 108 aa as the group finish breakfast , thor look at the mug in he hand , get a idea . thor ( re : mug ) May I have this ? darcy sure . thor thank you . Excuse I a moment . thor leave . 108a ext . MAIN STREET - moment later 108a in front of she diner , isabela prepare to open for the day . ( through the window of isabela 's , we see chair still atop table . ) isabela sweep the front porch . she look up to see thor approach . she eye he suspiciously . he offer she a mug . thor to replace the one I break . please forgive my behavior . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 86a . she take it , look at it curiously , then smile at he . isabel okay . thank you . thor if I may , I would like to come back for more of you " coffee . " '' isabel any time . he nod and walk away . she stare after he , smile , and shrug . isabel ( cont 'd ) she could do worse . 109 int . heimdall's observatory - day 109 sif and the Warrior Three enter warily to find the intimidating heimdall stand before the observatory 's control . he glare at they accusingly . volstagg good heimdall , less we explain -- heimdall you would defy the command of loki we King , break every oath you have take as warrior , and commit treason to bring thor back ? the four exchange nervous glance . sif yes , but -- heimdall good . the group look puzzle . what do he just say ? volstagg so you will help we ? heimdall I be bound by honor to we King . I can not open the bifrost to you . with that , heimdall leave they alone in the observatory . the other exchange puzzle look . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 86b . fandral complicate fellow , be not he ? volstagg now what do we do ? sif glance at the control panel , notice something . sif look ! the other turn to see heimdall's sword stick into the control panel . they exchange a grin . they have a ally . sif hit the control , and the bifrost apparatus fire up . 110 int . shield desert base - security room - day 110 coulson race in as a shield techie call up satellite footage of the bifrost storm on a monitor . coulson what the hell be that ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 87 . techie I do not know , sir . we get massive energy reading out of nowhere , then they just disappear . Fifteen mile due northwest . coulson let 's go take a look . 111 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - day 111 amidst the fury of the bifrost storm , the Warrior Three and sif drop to the ground in the New Mexico desert . they clamber to they foot as the bifrost quickly recede , the hole in the sky close up behind it . the bifrost rune cover the desert sand around they . volstagg he must have land nearby . it 's time to put we tracking skill to work . spread out . check the sand for indentation of he boot print . fandral the wind would have blow they away by now . we should look for sign of a campfire . sif or we could just start there . she point behind they to the town of puente antiguo in the distance -- the only visible sign of civilization -- and to hogun , who have already start walk towards it . volstagg and fandral trade look , they ego bruise . fandral it 's worth a look , I suppose . the party tromp towards the town . 112 ext . MAIN STREET - day 112 townsfolk stare in wonder at the Warrior Three and sif , as they stroll down the street in all they asgardian splendor . 113 ext . down the STREET - day 113 a boy Hit a baseball , which roll under a park car . he run to retrieve it , but can not reach it . suddenly , the side of the car rise into the air . the boy look over , he mouth drop open at what he see . volstagg easily hold the car up with one hand . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 88. volstagg pick up the boy 's ball , then drop the car . he hand the ball back to the boy , tousle he hair . volstagg there you go , lad ! the boy just stare , stand freeze . the asgardian head off . volstagg ( cont 'd ) be it just I , or do Earth look a little different to you ? sif it have be a thousand year ... volstagg thing change so fast here . you leave for a millennium , and it 's like the whole neighborhood 's go . volstagg sniff , smell something . volstagg ( cont 'd ) perhaps we should split up . 114 ext . puente antiguo - rooftop - day 114 4th blue revision 03-26-10 89 . Agents cale and garrett spot sif , fandral , and hogun walk down the street . agent garrett be there a Renaissance faire in town ? agent cale call it in . but before they can , volstagg rise up behind they , smashes they head together . they be out . volstagg never care for spy . he start to go , then see they bag of fast food on the ground . intrigue , he pull out a cheeseburger and take a bite . he like what he taste . volstagg ( cont 'd ) exquisite . 115 ext . palace ground - day 115 loki stand with gungnir , surveying he kingdom , when a einherjar Guard quickly approach he , out of breath . einherjar guard my liege , the Warrior Three and the Lady sif have go miss . loki react . he know who 's responsible . 116 ext . rainbow bridge - day 116 loki approach heimdall on the rainbow Bridge . heimdall tell I , loki , how do you get the jotun into asgard ? loki you think the bifrost be the only way in and out of the realm ? there be secret path between world to which even you with all you gift be blind . but I have need of they no longer , now that I be King . ( then ) and I say , for you act of treason , you be relieved of you duty as gatekeeper . and you be no longer a citizen of asgard . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 90 . heimdall then I need no longer obey you . heimdall raise he massive sword , stride towards loki. loki reach out and , with both hand , take hold of something invisible , hover in mid-air before he . as it quickly fade into view , we realize what it be -- the casket of ancient winter . the blueness creep from he hand and up he arm , as loki open the casket towards heimdall , who be fast approach . from inside the casket , all hell break loose . the fury of the casket be unleash , its wind not just howling , but scream , as ice and snow and darkness come fly straight towards heimdall . Ice cling to he body , freezing he , but still he move forward . loki start to get worried . heimdall be nearly upon he . the gatekeeper swing he massive sword at the prince . but the blade stop , freeze , just inch from loki 's throat . loki breathes a sigh of relief and step past he . 117 int . heimdall's observatory - day 117 loki insert gungnir into the observatory 's control panel and open the bifrost . he gesture , and the veile destroyer appear before he , a fiery glow rise within it . it turn its head toward its King . loki ensure my brother do not return . 118 int . smith motor - lab - day 118 Jane , thor , darcy , and selvig make a charming team , tidy up after breakfast -- wash , drying , and put plate and utensil away . the door open . volstagg ( o.s. ) found you ! thor , Jane , selvig , and darcy turn to see -- sif and the warrior three stare baffle at the sight of the domestic thor drying dish in mortal clothing . Jane drop a plate . it go shatter on the floor . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 90a . thor my friend ! thor happily race over and greet he comrade . Jane , selvig , and darcy watch the asgardian from across the room . Jane look concerned . selvig and darcy eye they with wonder . selvig I do not believe it ... darcy who be they ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 91 . volstagg Lady sif and the Warrior Three . surely you have hear tale of hogun the grim , fandral the dash , and I , volstagg the svelte ? selvig look pointedly at volstagg 's massive gut . volstagg ( cont 'd ) well , perhaps I have put on a little more muscle since I be here last . jane that would have be a thousand year ago ? Northern Europe ? volstagg exactly ! that lovely herring people . they worshipped we ! thor grin , lay a hand on volstagg 's shoulder . thor my friend , I have never be happier to see anyone . but you should not have come . fandral we be here to take you home . Jane react to the news of thor leave . thor you know I can not . my father be dead because of I . I must remain in exile . the other asgardian exchange puzzle look . sif thor ... you father still life . thor react to the revelation . 119 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - day 119 a few shield vehicle be park by the bifrost site . a few shield agent stand nearby as scientist take reading . coulson kneel , examine the bifrost rune . he turn to a agent . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 92 . coulson get somebody from Linguistics out here . just then , they hear a rumbling overhead , as the bifrost storm roar in the sky above . coulson and the shield Agents scramble for cover , they vehicle windshield shatter , as the bifrost storm grow in strength . finally , the hole in the sky overhead open , and the funnel cloud explode out of it , touch down onto the desert floor . coulson and the Agents shelter they eye from the maelstrom . 120 omitted merged with scene 119 120 121 int . smith motor - day 121 thor and the other see the bifrost storm form in the distance . darcy be somebody else come ? just then , the bifrost funnel explode down to the ground . 122 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - day 122 from behind a jeep , coulson and the shield agent stare at the destroyer in awe . we do not see it , just its shadow as it move towards they . shield agent ( re : destroyer ) be that one of Stark 's ? coulson I do not think so . but the guy do not tell I anything . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 93. coulson grab a megaphone , step forward , call out to the destroyer . coulson ( cont 'd ) hello ! you be use unregister weapon technology . please identify yourself . we hear the hum of the destroyer 's fiery energy power up inside . coulson ( cont 'd ) incoming ! as the shield Agents scramble for cover , a blast of energy from the destroyer explode a vehicle . shield agent return fire . 123 ext . smith motor - day 123 townspeople fill the street , stare at the fire fight in the distance . thor and the asgardian prepare for battle , as thor turn to Jane . thor leave this town now . get yourself and you friend to safety . jane what about you ? thor I must stay and fight . the asgardian look to thor . thor ( cont 'd ) I be still a warrior , and I will fight by you side . volstagg you be but a mortal now . you will get yourself kill ! fandral or one of we , try to protect you . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 94 . sif the best thing you can do be get the mortal to safety and leave the battle to we . thor look at the townsfolk around they , all oblivious to the oncoming threat . thor ( to sif ) you be right . sif look surprised . thor turn to Jane , selvig , and darcy . thor ( cont 'd ) help I clear the street . I will let none of this people die this day . thor , Jane , selvig , and darcy start to herd the crowd of townsfolk off the street , as the Warrior Three and sif head across town , towards the destroyer . 124 omitted 124 4th blue revision 03-26-10 95 . 125 int . heimdall's observatory - day 125 laufey and two frost Giants appear out of the bifrost and step onto the platform . loki be wait for they . he pull gungnir from the observatory 's control panel . the giant apparatus slow to a stop . loki Father . welcome to asgard . 125a ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - day 125a the site look like the aftermath of a war zone . the smolder wreckage of shield vehicle lie strewn about . 126 ext . MAIN STREET - day 126 thor , Jane , and selvig clear the street , load confuse townsfolk into car , move other indoors . 127 ext . MAIN STREET - edge of town - day 127 a dog make it way down the street , bark at something in front of it . then we see it -- the destroyer stride down the street , a red , fiery energy glow from within it . it unleash blast as it go , blow up car , set storefront aflame . 128 omitted 128 4th blue revision 03-26-10 96 . 129 ext . STREET 129 sif and the Warrior Three head down the street towards the destroyer . sif keep he distract . she hurry off . the Warrior Three continue towards the behemoth . fandral what do you think ? " the svartalfheim twist ? " '' " kiss of the hag ? " '' " face full of Boot ? " '' volstagg grin eagerly . volstagg " the Flying Mountain . " '' hogun and fandral groan . fandral not " the Flying Mountain ! " '' it throw out my back for a year last time ! volstagg trust I , it will work . 130 ext . smith motor - day 130 thor look anxiously back down the street , where the Warrior Three get into position before the destroyer . thor ( to jane ) my friend fight bravely , but they will not be able to hold it back much longer . darcy hurry out of the burn pet store carry as many animal in cage as she can , then load they into a truck . down the STREET hogun and fandral take off run towards the destroyer , as volstagg stand limbering up . fandral ( to volstagg ) come on ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 96a . volstagg take off run at full speed . as he catch up to he comrade , hogun and fandral grab he on either side , and with all they asgardian might , hurl the voluminous warrior into the air at the black metal behemoth . volstagg for asgaaaaard !!! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 97 . the destroyer be unable to react quickly enough , as volstagg smashes into the creature . it look like it might actually work for a moment , but the destroyer stay on its foot . it lift volstagg into the by the scruff of he neck . he shrug apologetically . the destroyer savagely hurl he at hogun and fandral , smash into they , when -- sif leap off a nearby rooftop with she two -headed spear and plunge it deep into the back of the creature . the creature stand there motionless , the fire dimming in its faceplate , sif stand atop its back . the asgardian have a brief moment of hope . but the creature stir with life , its fire ignite once again . sif look on with grow trepidation . slowly , unnaturally , the destroyer spin its torso around 180 degree to face its attacker . the destroyer unleash a blast at sif . she barely dive off of the behemoth in time , dodging the blast . the destroyer rise again to its full height , pull free from sif 's staff , the weapon slip through the slat of its armor . sif and the Warrior Three try to regroup , when the destroyer unleash another blast , send sif and she comrade fly in all direction . hogun 's pouch of healing stone break free , landing in the middle of the street . 131 ext . smith motor - day 131 thor see he friend lie injure on the ground , but have no time to act , as the destroyer fire in he direction . a storefront near Smith motor explode , knock thor , Jane , and selvig off they foot . thor help Jane to she foot , when they notice selvig lie on he back amidst the debris , impale by a twisted piece of iron . jane Erik ! she and thor hurry to he side . he 's lose blood , go into shock . selvig ( to jane ) go! leave I ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 98 . Jane take he hand as thor spot hogun 's pouch of heal stone lie in the middle of the street . he make a break for it , dodging through the flame wreckage , then grab the pouch and race back . he open the pouch to find the fragile stone crush and useless . he pour the content out in he hand . thor come on ... give I one ! amidst the useless powder , he finally find one stone still intact . thor toss the pouch aside , hold the stone over the end of the iron rod . jane what be you do ? what be that ? as the stone begin to glow , thor crush it . Jane look on , amaze , as the glow powder fall upon the piece of iron , dissolve it , head downward , until it reach selvig 's wound . the powder heal he wound completely . thor look down the street , see he wounded friend still lie there , as selvig sit up in utter astonishment . he reach through the hole in he shirt to touch he heal flesh . selvig ( to Jane , be : thor ) I be really start to like he . Jane turn to thor to find he 's go . 132 ext . down the STREET 132 thor reach sif , who lie daze , batter , and bloody on the ground . he pull she behind a burn vehicle . thor go , while you can ! sif but the other ... thor you can not help they now . you job be to survive . she struggle to sit up . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 98a . sif no ! I will die a warrior 's death . story will be tell of this day -- he gently take she shield from she . thor live and tell that storey yourself . at last , she nod . thor spot volstagg lie unconscious , with hogun and fandral lie nearby . thor make he way towards they . volstagg be barely breathe . thor try to pull he to safety , but it 's no use . he will not budge . he rouse hogun and fandral . thor ( cont 'd ) ( re : volstagg ) get he out of here ! fandral no . we can still fight ! thor but not win . move volstagg , or he will die ! thor look at they , grin . thor ( cont 'd ) do not worry , my friend . I have a plan . the two Warrior reluctantly grab they fall friend and drag he away from the battlefield . after they go , thor turn to back to the destroyer , then toss sif 's shield aside . he stride down the street towards the behemoth , completely defenseless . thor ( cont 'd ) brother ... for whatever I have do to wrong you , whatever I have do to lead you to do this , I be sorry . but this people have do nothing to you . they be innocent . he continue towards the destroyer . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 98b . thor ( cont 'd ) take my life , and know I will never return to asgard . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 99 . thor reach the destroyer , extend he arm . the destroyer hesitates , size up the defenseless thor , then swat he with its enormous arm . we hear the sicken crack of break bone as thor go fly . thor land in a crumpled , break heap in front of Smith Motors , before Jane , selvig , and darcy . the wounded asgardian watch helplessly from down the street , a look of horror on they face . Jane try to rush out to thor 's aid , but selvig hold she back . selvig Jane , no ! he pull she into Smith Motors . a raven fly overhead , watch the scene -- 133 int . odin' chamber - same time 133 odin lie in the odinsleep . a single tear roll down the allfather 's cheek . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 100 . 134 ext . smith motor - day 134 thor 's eye close , he last breath leave he lip . the destroyer stand over thor 's body , lower its head towards he . it open its faceplate , lock it in place , readying to unleash its fiery blast . 135 ext . shield desert base 135 Inside the crater , the rune of the side of mjolnir reappear , burn bright . electricity start to crackle on the hammer 's surface . scientist beside it take notice as it vibrate , and a rumble come from overhead . they look up . Cloud form in the sky above . just then , with a crack and flash of lightning , mjolnir fly straight up into the air like a rocket . 136 ext . MAIN STREET 136 the destroyer unleash its blast at thor 's body , when -- krakakaboom ! a blind bolt of lightning strike down from above , collide with the destroyer 's blast . the explosion be massive . the destroyer be hurl backwards , a cloud of dust envelop the street . as the smoke clear we see -- jane oh. my. god. the mighty thor clad in he full battle armor , hold mjolnir in he hand -- the God of Thunder once more . thor kneel , bring mjolnir down onto the ground . krakaboom ! lightn strike the destroyer . it convulse . thor swing mjolnir around , take off straight up into the air , as the destroyer get back on its foot and look up at the Thunder god. Storm cloud gather around thor as he summon gale force wind . debris from the battle begin to rise up into the sky . the destroyer stay there , keep ground by its massive weight . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 101 . it lift its head up at the Thunder God , open its faceplate , lock it in place , unleash its blast . thor dive downward straight at it , with mjolnir before he . mjolnir collide with the destroyer 's fiery energy blast , overpower it , push it back , force it downward at the destroyer . thor jam he hammer deep into the destroyer 's faceplate . the fiery energy within the creature build up and explode within he , fire out of all he opening . thor smashes the destroyer to the ground in a tremendous heap , the fiery energy within it extinguish forever . thor pull mjolnir from its faceplate , walk away from its lifeless carcass . as he do , the other object and debris pull into the air by the gale wind drop down from the sky , around the destroyer , bury it . Jane and thor 's comrade , now rouse , stand to join he . a batter coulson approach with several shield agent . coulson Donald ... I do not think you have be completely honest with I . 137 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - day 137 thor , Jane , darcy , selvig and the other asgardian stand in the desert with thor , coulson , and several shield agent . darcy turn to volstagg . darcy so , how can you speak we language ? volstagg you language ? ha ! silly girl , you be speak ours . thor call up to the sky . thor heimdall ! open the bifrost ! 138 ext . rainbow bridge - day 138 heimdall stand freeze . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 102 . 139 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - day 139 thor look to the other with concern . thor he would open it if he could . I fear the worst . volstagg then we be trap here forever . fandral then I suppose we would best start settling into we new life . he look to darcy , turn on the charm . fandral ( cont 'd ) be all earth maiden as fair as you ? darcy enjoy the attention . darcy no . thor shout back up to the sky . thor heimdall ! 140 ext . rainbow bridge - day 140 from inside the ice , heimdall hear thor call to he . know that the fate of asgard depend on he , he muster all he strength . the ice around he begin to crack . with a tremendous effort , heimdall shatter free from the ice . weaken , near death , he drag himself inside the observatory . 141 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) - day 141 the asgardian begin to lose hope . volstagg eye a shield agent 's machine gun . volstagg primitive . good enough for hunt small game , I suppose . suddenly , the bifrost explode down from the sky . thor grin . the mortal look on , amaze . fandral turn to darcy . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 102a . fandral sorry , my love . this thing happen . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 103. he join the other asgardian at they side . thor turn to coulson . thor know this , son of coul . you and I , we fight for the same cause -- the protection of this world . from this day forward , count I as you ally . ( then ) if you return the item you have steal from Jane Foster . coulson not steal . borrow . Jane shoot he a look . coulson quickly continue . coulson ( cont 'd ) you will get you equipment back . you be go to need it to continue you research ... which , after today 's event , shield would like to fully sponsor . if that 's all right with you . thor take Jane 's hand , kiss it tenderly . she look at he , she eye fill with the fear that she may never see he again . thor whatever fate lie before I , you be part of it . he take she in he arm , kiss she passionately . thor and the asgardian leap into the bifrost . 142 int . heimdall's observatory - day 142 the asgardian emerge from the bifrost to find heimdall slump over he control . thor ( to the other ) get he to the heal room ! leave my brother to I . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 104 . thor bolt out the door . 143 int . odin' chamber - day 143 odin lie in the odinsleep , frigga at he bedside . she hear the shout of Guards outside , the sound of a battle . frigga grab a sword . a frost giant burst in . she swing the sword around hard , cleave into he shoulder . he swat she aside angrily . laufey and the brute frost giant enter . laufey look at odin lie helpless on the bed . 144 ext . rainbow bridge - day 144 thor ride the wind over the Bridge , speed towards the palace . 145 int . odin' chamber - day 145 the jotun king stand over the unconscious odin , relishing the moment . he form a ice blade . 146 ext . odin' palace - day 146 thor race through the entrance to the palace . 147 int . odin' chamber - day 147 laufey stand before the sleep odin . laufey it 's say you can still see and hear what transpire around you , even in this state . I hope it 's true , so that you may know you death come by the hand of laufey . he raise he blade above odin 's body , when -- a blast of ENERGY Hit he from behind . as the jotun king fall to the ground , we see it be not thor stand behind he , but loki , hold gungnir . loki and you death come by the son of odin . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 104a . laufey die as the other two shocked frost Giants move for loki . he fire gungnir at one , blast he against a wall , take he out . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 105 . the brute be nearly upon he , when the jotun stop suddenly , he eye go wide . the brute fall to the ground , revealing -- frigga stand behind he -- the sword stick in he back . she look to loki , take he in she arm . loki ( cont 'd ) I swear to you , mother , they will pay for what they have do today . I will end the jotun threat , now and forever ! he look to odin . loki ( cont 'd ) and I will make you proud . loki savor the moment , but it 's short - live , as thor burst in . he 's throw by the scene before he -- odin safe , laufey and two jotun dead , frigga regard loki with pride and respect . stun and delighted to see thor , frigga beam . frigga thor ! she move to thor and hug he , but thor 's eye remain fix on he brother . loki look at mjolnir in he brother 's hand . loki found its way back to you , do it ? thor no thanks to you . frigga pick up on the tension building between she son . frigga what ? thor why do not you tell she ? how you send the destroyer to kill we friend ? to kill I ? frigga look to loki , alarmed and confuse . loki it must have be enforce Father 's last command . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 106 . thor you be a talented liar , brother . always have be . loki ( smile ) it 's good to have you back . ( dead serious ) now , if you will excuse I , I need to destroy jotunheim . loki suddenly raise gungnir , fire it point-blank at thor . thor go fly backwards , smashing through the chamber wall , into ... 148 int . odin' palace - corridor 148 thor fly from the blast through another wall on the opposite side of the corridor , to ... 149 ext . palace ground - day 149 thor plummet from the palace and crash into the reflect pool below . 150 ext . heimdall's observatory - day 150 loki speed on horseback down the rainbow Bridge , then quickly dismount and enter the observatory . 151 int . heimdall's observatory - day 151 loki operate the observatory 's control . the massive turret spin , point . 152 ext . palace ground - day 152 thor awaken to the sound of the bifrost . he stand , see the observatory fire the bifrost energy into space . he look to where the bifrost be aim . thor jotunheim ... 153 ext . rainbow bridge - day 153 thor soar on the wind above the rainbow Bridge , the bifrost energy roaring through Bridge , feed into the observatory . he land before the observatory 's huge doorway . 154 int . heimdall's observatory 154 thor enter , shield he eye from the brilliant light of the bifrost energy blast towards jotunheim . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 106a . he look over to the control , see that they be freeze in a enormous block of ice . loki stand atop it . loki all this year , and no one 's ever dare to use it as a weapon . thor hurry to the ice , raise he hammer to smash through it to get to the control freeze within . before he can , loki fire gungnir . the blast hit the ice in front of thor , blast he back across the floor . loki step down from the ice as thor stagger to he foot . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 107 . loki ( cont 'd ) you can not stop it . the bifrost will build until it rip jotunheim apart . thor why have you do this ? loki to do what Father never could . to destroy they kind forever . when he awaken , he will see the wisdom of what I have do . thor he will not ! you can not kill a entire race ! loki what be this newfound love for the frost Giants ? you , who would have kill they all with you bare hand . thor I have change . loki so have i. loki hit thor across the face with gungnir . loki ( cont 'd ) fight I . he swing gungnir at thor again . thor catch it in he hand , rear back he hammer as if ready to return the blow , but instead take to the air and fly past loki , back towards the freeze control . loki spin around , aim gungnir , and fire a blast which immobilize thor in the air . he hang there , suspend . thor be the throne really worth what you have do ? what you would become ? loki I never want the throne . I only want to be you equal . now fight I ! 4th blue revision 03-26-10 108. with a gesture of gungnir , he fling thor to the ground . thor rise to he foot , turn to loki . thor I will not fight you , brother . loki I be not you brother . I never be . thor loki , this be madness ... loki grin . loki be it ? he fire gungnir at thor . thor dodge the blast , roll to he foot . loki ( cont 'd ) what happen to you on earth that turn you so soft ? do not tell I it be a woman . thor do not answer . loki laugh , realize he 's right . loki ( cont 'd ) it be . perhaps when we be finish here I will pay she a little visit myself . that do it . loki and thor rush at each other . they and they weapon collide . the two battle -- loki unleash year of pent - up rage and jealousy , thor have no choice but to defend himself . 155 ext . jotunheim - day 155 it 's mayhem . the grow bifrost tear through the ice of the planet like a destructive wave , break it apart . jotun go run in terror , other fall through the break ice . 156 ext . bifrost landing site ( earth ) 156 Jane , selvig , darcy , and coulson look up with concern at the hole in the sky , where excess bifrost energy build up around it . selvig Jane ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 108a . jane something 's wrong . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 109 . 157 int . heimdall's observatory 157 thor and loki battle savagely . loki fire gungnir , send thor slide across the floor and knock mjolnir from he hand . the hammer fly into the bifrost towards jotunheim . thor raise he hand towards he hammer , try to summon it back to he , to keep it in this realm , but the bifrost be too powerful . mjolnir disappear into the maelstrom as thor himself slide towards the bifrost . loki if you care so much for the jotun , then die with they . the bifrost stretch every cell of thor 's body , try to drag he away . he 's nearly swallow by the vortex , when he concentrate , muster he will . he reach out he hand towards the bifrost . mjolnir fly back through the maelstrom , into thor 's hand . the hammer pull he free . loki try to fire off another blast at he , but thor take to the air , speed towards he brother . 158 ext . heimdall's observatory 158 thor and loki come crashing through the observatory dome and land hard , roll across the rainbow Bridge . as thor get to he foot , he see loki dangle off the Bridge 's edge . loki thor ! help I ! thor step over to the side of the Bridge , see loki look up at he desperately . loki ( cont 'd ) please ... loki 's finger start to slip . thor reach down to grab he brother 's wrist , but he hand pass through loki' . just then , the real loki materialize behind he . thor whirl around as loki stab he in the chest with gungnir . loki lift thor into the air , impale on the spear , and hurl he across the bridge . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 110 . thor , bleed , rise to he knee . loki stride up behind he to finish he off , when thor swing he hammer around . it pass through he . instantly , another loki appear next to he , thor swing he hammer , but that too be a illusion . loki after loki appear , thor futilely swinging at each one , never make contact . thor fall back to he knee . the lokis grin as they raise they spear , encircle he . lokis I be always more clever than you . thor yet still not clever enough . with that , thor raise he hammer , rise into the air , summoning lightning . a massive bolt strike mjolnir , then channel outward , split up , strike each one of the lokis . all of they dissipate into nothingness , save one -- the real loki -- who 's send fly back across the Bridge , gungnir knock from he grasp . thor step over to he fall brother , lie daze on he back . loki wince , prepare for the worst , when thor step away . loki open he eye , try to stand , but can not . he look confuse , then see what the problem be -- mjolnir rest atop he chest . struggle as he may , loki can not lift it off . he 's pin to the ground . thor look about he desperately -- at the bifrost fire towards jotunheim , gain in strength , at the surge of energy move through the Bridge . he 's at a loss of what to do . loki watch he smugly . loki look at you , the mighty thor . with all you strength , what good do it do you now ? thor know loki 's right . he 's powerless to stop what 's happen . he look down at the Bridge beneath he foot , vibrate from the force and speed of the bifrost energy feed into the observatory . then he get a idea . he realize what he must do -- and what he must sacrifice . thor extend he hand towards loki , summoning mjolnir . the hammer go fly to he grasp . loki look confuse . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 111 . thor raise mjolnir in the air . Cloud form above he , thunder rumbling . lightn arc off of he hammer , as he channel the power of the storm into it , then -- he strike mjolnir down upon the rainbow Bridge . the blow be massive , cause a rumbling along the whole bridge , shaking the observatory itself like a earthquake . a crack appear where the blow strike . loki rise to he foot . loki ( cont 'd ) stop ! what be you do ?! thor lift the hammer again , bring it down harder . boom ! the crack grow bigger . the bifrost energy start to stream out from it . loki think fast . loki ( cont 'd ) if you destroy the Bridge , you ' will never see she again ! loki grab gungnir , run towards he , ready to pierce thor through the back . thor forgive I . summon every bit of strength he have leave , thor raise mjolnir one last time , draw lightning to it from all side , and bring it down with a final , terrible blow -- krakaboom ! the bifrost shatter , rainbow energy exploding out of it . both loki and thor be hurl into the air by the force of the blast . a wave of destruction move forward along the Bridge towards the observatory , break it apart as it go . the observatory rip itself apart . as loki and thor fall together , thor grab hold of one end of gungnir , while loki still clutches the other . they both fall towards the massive wave of bifrost energy which spew out from the break Bridge . they're a instant from be blast by the destructive force of the energy , carry away by the current , pulverize by the debris , when -- a powerful hand catch thor 's leg . thor dangle there , hold onto gungnir as loki hang onto the other end . loki look up , shocked to see -- 4th blue revision 03-26-10 112. odin allfather stand on the edge of the break Bridge , awaken from the odinsleep , restore to he full strength . loki search he father 's face , look for some kind of approval , some kind of redemption , but all he see be disappointment and regret . loki let go . thor ( cont 'd ) no ! but it 's too late . odin and thor can only watch as loki fall into the rush torrent of bifrost energy . it carry he away , along with the debris of the Bridge and the observatory , disappear out of sight . odin pull thor up onto the Bridge . drain , thor fall back into he father 's arm . odin it be over . 159 bifrost landing site ( earth ) - day 159 the bifrost energy explode in the sky like firework fire in all direction . Jane , selvig , darcy , and coulson stand watch in amazement . Jane look back up at the sky , distraught . she know the significance of what 's just happen . jane it 's go . 160 int . odin' palace - banquet hall - night 160 a feast be in progress as thor , sif , and the Warrior Three sit amongst the gather asgardian . hogun sit between fandral and volstagg , who be in the middle of recount they battle with the destroyer . volstagg ... and then , with a mighty bellow , I fly at the great metal beast and laid it low ... 4th blue revision 03-26-10 113. fandral be that another way of say you fall on you huge a-- volstagg as a matter of fact , fall down be a tactic . lulling the destroyer into a false sense of security ! fandral well , I be the one who have to drag you enormous carcass off the battlefield . that make I the real hero . do not it , hogun ? hogun point to volstagg . hogun Big stomach . ( point to fandral ) Big mouth . the other gather asgardian laugh . volstagg and fandral look to hogun . the grim warrior give just a trace of a smile . fandral well , how about that ? a smile ! I would say that call for another drink ! they laugh and raise another round . frigga sit nearby , lose in think , she face betray the sadness she struggle to conceal . sif notice , approach frigga , bow she head . sif my Queen . I be so sorry for you loss . frigga take sif 's hand appreciatively . frigga thank you , sif . she look to thor , who 's unable to enjoy the merriment around he . frigga ( cont 'd ) how be he ? 4th blue revision 03-26-10 113a . sif he mourn for he brother . and he miss she . the mortal . frigga see the trace of regret in sif 's face as she look at thor with new feeling . he rise and leave the hall . frigga he will need he friend now more than ever . sif I will always be at he side . frigga understand , put she arm around sif gratefully . 161 ext . palace balcony - night 161 thor stand alone on the balcony , lose in think . odin walk up behind he . odin you will be a wise King . thor there will never be a wiser king than you . or a better father . ( then ) I have much to learn . I know that now . but some day , perhaps , I will make you proud . odin you have already make I proud . odin leave , thor consol by he word . 162 ext . rainbow bridge - night 162 out of the break , jag rainbow Bridge flow the bifrost energy , drift off into space . thor walk out to its edge , where heimdall stand watch . thor stare out at the stellar void . 4th blue revision 03-26-10 114 . thor can you see she ? heimdall turn , gaze out towards Earth . heimdall yes . thor how be she ? 163 ext . smith motor - lab - night 163 through the window into Jane 's lab , we see a enlarge illustration from she notebook pin to a board . as we pull away , we see a computer terminal display a program clearly inspire by the illustration . we pull further back to see that the lab have be transformed into a well - fund research facility , abuzz with activity . shield scientist and agent work with impressive , state - of - the - art equipment . selvig orchestrate the process , give instruction to the scientist . we continue to track right outside the glass window and rise up to find Jane sit at the front of the roof , work at a small , improvise workstation , notebook at hand , as always . she set up a impressive , high - tech device before she , which bear the " stark industries " '' logo . from behind , darcy approach , hand she a flash drive . darcy here you go . jane thanks . Jane insert the flash drive into the device . darcy he would have come back if he could . jane I know . but if he can not get here on he own ... Jane hit a switch on the device . suddenly , a 3 - D holographic projection burst to life over the device , bathing the two woman in its glow . we recognize what it be -- yggdrasil , in all its beauty . " jane ( cont 'd ) ... maybe we can help he find he way back . 164 omitted combined with scene 163 above 164 fade out : the end