Three sappy people fade in : int . rumsford mansion - live room - day a fancy party be in progress . the butler , a large man name william , spoon some punch from a bowl into a glass as the countess , a snooty woman with a long cigarette holder and a monocle , look on . the countess be not it rather odd that you mistress have not put in a appearance at she own party ? william ( hand she the punch ) uh , yes , Madame . I be sorry , Madame . the countess walk off with disdain . the butler shoot a glance across the room . we follow he gaze with a fast pan to the man of the house mr . rumsford , a rather mousy gentleman who sit worriedly in a chair . his friend dr . york stand over he , smoking a cigar . rumsford ( to himself ) where be she ? rumsford pound he fist into he hand and rise abruptly . rumsford where be that wife of mine ? dr . york now , take it easy , rumsford . Williams arrive with a tray of drink . william a drink , sir ? rumsford and York each take a drink . rumsford ( to Williams ) any word from Mrs. rumsford ? william not a word , sir . I be terribly upset . rumsford you be upset . what about I ? she invite all this people to she birthday party and then run out on they ! william she always do that , sir . she will probably be back in a day or two . rumsford ( choke on he drink ) Day or two ?! Williams make a face and walk off . dr . york snap out of it , rumsford . you must make allowance for she youth . sherry will turn up . rumsford if I do not love that woman so much , I swear I would -- a car horn honk . rumsford and York stare in horror as a automobile barrel into the live room and screech to a halt in front of the fireplace . the guest gasp in amazement . at the wheel of the car be the miss wife , young and vivacious sherry rumsford , wear a hat and a fur coat . she wave to she husband and start to climb out of the car . sherry oh , darling ! hello ! be right over ! Williams enter and stare in shock at the car . sherry ( o.s . ) oh , Williams ! Williams regains he composure and stand at attention . william ( with some resignation ) ready , Madame . sherry take off she fur coat while rumsford and York exchange uneasy glance . she throw she fur coat across the room at Williams and it miraculously drape itself goofily around he shoulder . she take off she hat and throw it onto Williams ' head . he look rather ridiculous in a lady 's hat and fur but bear the humiliation with dignity . meanwhile , rumsford confer with York . rumsford listen , York . you be a doctor and you be my best friend . be not there anything you can do for she ? dr . york I be afraid she 's a bit out of my line . the man you want be doctor Ziller , Zeller , and Zoller . rumsford do you think they can help she ? dr . york well , they be the finest psychiatrist in the business . they be terribly expensive and they method be very peculiar . but they do get result . rumsford I will have Williams call they . I will have Williams call they immediately . rumsford ring for the butler . York check he watch . dr . york I have get to see a patient , Rummy . I will try to get back later . good luck . rumsford thanks . York exit as Williams approach . rumsford oh , Williams . I want you to telephone doctor Ziller , Zeller , and Zoller . dissolve to : int . doctor ' office - day paint onto the glass of the office 's front door , a sign read : Dr. Z. ziller , M.D. Dr. x. zeller , M.D. Dr. y. zoller , M.D. psychiatrist enter we pan from the door to reveal a painter clean up he equipment ( paint can , brushes , etc. ) and a secretary who struggle with a recalcitrant telephone switchboard . secretary ( upset ) oh , this switchboard ! the secretary hold the headphone to she ear as she try to get a line out . secretary oh , it 's dead ! frustrate , she throw the headphone down and turn to the painter . secretary thank goodness you be through . I have be almost crazy . painter yes , mar 'am . I will have my stuff out right after lunch . the secretary exit into a private office as the painter exit out the front door . immediately , the Three stooge enter from the front door : larry , moe and curly . moe carry a tool box . curly carry a huge ladder over he shoulder . larry look like there 's nobody here . moe this be the place all right . curly maybe I get the -- curly turn to look around and smashes the glass of the front door with he ladder . larry you puddin' - head ! why do not you look what you be doin ' ? curly I could not help it . I be lookin ' around to see if there 's anybody in the office and when I turn -- curly turn and smashes a glass water cooler with the ladder . moe look what you do ! curly what ?! curly turn to look at the smashed water cooler and the ladder swing around and pop moe in the face . moe oh ! moe clutches he eye in pain . he advance on curly . moe why do not you be careful ? moe poke curly in the eye . larry Drop that ladder before you hurt somebody . curly drop the ladder on moe 's foot . moe clutches he foot in pain . moe remind I to tear out you Adam 's apple . curly I will make a note of it . as curly reach into he pocket , the secretary return and see the mess they have make . curly , with a tiny pencil and pad , make a note to himself to remind moe to tear out he Adam 's apple . moe ( annoyed ) give I that ! moe grab the pencil away from curly . curly squeal and pull another pencil from he pocket and start to write with it . moe grab the pencil away . moe what 's the matter with you ? curly make a few noise of frustration and then pull a giant-size pencil from he jacket and start to write . curly nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk . moe grab the pencil and hit curly over the head with it . curly oh ! you will break my pencil ! moe I will break you head . moe pull a hair out of curly 's chest and curly squeal in pain as the secretary join they . secretary say , what war be this ? moe never mind the wisecrack , toot . we be trouble - shooter from the phone company . what 's wrong here ? secretary painter ruin my switchboard . moe come on . the stooge move to the switchboard . secretary if you can bring it to life and a call come in for the doctor , say they be out of town . I be goin ' to lunch . moe okay . as the secretary exit , curly call after she . curly hey ! bring I back a piece of burnt toast and a rotten egg ! larry burnt toast and a rotten egg ? curly yeah , I get a tapeworm and that 's good enough for ' im . moe ( push curly ) go on ! get busy ! the stooge get to work . curly see a stethoscope in a doctor 's bag atop the switchboard . he pull it out and put the earpiece in he ear . moe ( to Larry ) how 's she comin ' ? larry not so good . curly put the stethoscope against the switchboard . curly ( to the switchboard ) say , " ahh ! " moe ( to curly , off the stethoscope ) what do you get here ? moe pull on the stethoscope , stretch it out . curly hey , gimme that ! gimme that ! moe release the stethoscope -- it snap back and whack curly in the nose . curly ohhh ! moe violently pull the earpiece from curly 's ear , cause a popping sound . curly gnashes he tooth pneumatically at moe who hand the stethoscope back to he . moe now , go on ! get busy like I tell ya ! ( to Larry ) go on ! moe shoos Larry away from the board , sit , and put on the headphone . he put a phone wire up to a hole in the board . moe pull this line through and hook it on number six . curly pull the line through the hole in the board -- but the line be attach to the headphone on moe 's head , thus cause moe 's head to be pull forward violently . moe 's head smashes into the board . moe oh ! moe pull he head back , draw the wire backwards . this frustrate curly who squeal and pull on it again -- too hard . he stumble backward and out of the scene . there be a huge crash . moe and Larry jump in horror as we pan quickly to curly sit in a bucket amidst the painter 's equipment , each of he hand stick in a paint can and a wooden plank on he head . curly woo-woo . woo-hoo-hoo . hey , Larry ! help I ! I be surround ! woo-hoo-hoo ! moe and Larry rush to curly 's aid . they push the plank away and , each grab a arm , lift curly to he foot . moe get up . ( to Larry , off the bucket wedge onto curly 's rear ) get a hold o' that ! moe grab curly by the head and Larry pull the bucket off of curly 's rear . Larry fall to the floor in the process . CUT to : int . rumsford mansion - day Williams be on the phone , make a call . william ( into the phone ) hello ? ( beat ) yes , I know it 's out of order . I have be try for half a hour to get it . CUT to : int . doctor ' office - day the stooge stand together and confer . moe ( to curly ) what 's the matter with you , puddin' - head ? you be actin ' slug-nutty all day . curly it 's gertie . she 's gonna have -- curly grow suddenly bashful . but moe realize what he mean . moe that 's wonderful . when do you expect it ? curly any minute . that 's why I be so upset . moe no foolin ' ? why do not you tell we ? curly but , you see , I - - larry I know . you be break . curly ( nod ) flat as a floogie . moe that 's bad . we gotta figure out a way to get some money and get it quick . curly aw , thanks , moe . moe you be welcome . moe and curly shake hand . curly okay , I get -- moe look down in disgust at he hand , now stain with paint , like curly 's . moe wipe he hand on curly 's jacket . moe come on . curly bark like a dog . moe conk curly in the back of the head . moe come on ! get to work ! the stooge head back to the switchboard . CUT to : int . rumsford mansion - day Williams be still on the phone . william now , Operator , you must get that number . now , try again , please . CUT to : int . doctor ' office - day Larry struggle with some phone wire . frustrate , he whip one away . larry ( disgust ) ahhh ... miraculously , the wire lodge in the proper hole : a light flash and the board start to buzz . the stooge rush to the board and moe answer the call . moe hello , Operator ? CUT to : int . rumsford mansion - day william be this susquehanna two-two-two-two ? CUT to : int . doctor ' office - day moe ( into the phone ) toot-toot-toot-toot ? what do you think you be doin ' -- playin ' train ? curly ooooh ! I love to play train ! ( imitate a train ) choo choo choo choo choo ! whooo-woo ! sssssssh ! moe ( to curly ) why do not you get a toupee with some brain in it ? moe thwacks curly 's nose . curly pull up moe 's bang and conk he on the forehead . moe ( to curly ) why , you --! moe turn he attention to the phone . CUT to : int . doctor ' office - day william I want to speak to Doctor Ziller , Zeller , or Zoller . this be a important case . we will pay any price if they will come over immediately . money be no object . CUT to : int . doctor ' office - day moe ( into the phone ) we will be there in a flash in the flesh ! moe hang up and address Larry and curly . moe we need money and I get a way to get it . larry what be we suppose to do ? moe ( point to curly ) you be Ziller . ( point to Larry ) you be Zeller. ( grandly ) and I be Doctor Zoller . curly ( shake moe 's hand ) oh , glad to meetcha , Doctor . moe how be ya , son ? curly now , listen , doc. I be troubled with t.s . moe what do you mean , t.s . ? curly two stomach ! moe stick out yer tongue ! curly stick out he tongue . moe punch he in one of he stomach . moe there 's a impatient patient wait . come on . although they protest , moe grab curly by the ear and Larry by the hair and drag they away . dissolve to : ext . rumsford mansion - day sherry come run out of the building , follow by rumsford and Williams . a chauffeur wait beside a fancy car ( license number 5r 161 ) . rumsford wait ! sherry , you can not run out on you guest like this again . sherry but , darling , I be bored ! I be only go for a short ride in a submarine ! I will be back in a day or two . tell they all to wait . rumsford but , sh -- they be interrupt by the gentle ringing of bicycle bell . the stooge -- dress in top hat and tail -- come riding up on a three - seater bicycle . they fall off the bike at the edge of the driveway -- to the shock and confusion of the rumsford . the stooge rise and rush over to rumsford . rumsford gentlemen , I be Mr. rumsford . be you look for someone ? curly I be Ziller . larry I be Zeller . moe I be Zoller . as sherry look on with interest , moe put a shoe horn near rumsford 's mouth . moe stick out yer tongue . rumsford open he mouth and moe use the shoe horn as a tongue depressor . moe say , " ahh " with you mouth close . rumsford ahhh . larry ( sing in harmony ) ahhh . moe & curly ( join in ) ahhh . all three stooge ( sing ) ahhh ... ( speak , with disgust ) rat ! moe this be serious . curly you be wrong , gentleman . it 's strictly a case of latke and [ pippik ? ] sherry roar with laughter at the stooge . sherry ( practically squealing ) this be priceless . rumsford ( to the stooge ) I be not the patient . it 's Mrs. rumsford . the chauffeur look on with amazement as the stooge turn to sherry . curly oh . how do you do , Madame ? rumsford now , see here , sherry ... sherry oh , darling , you take the submarine ride . I would not leave this man on a bet . come , gentleman ! the last one in be a Republican ! sherry suddenly bolt for the front door . the stooge take off in happy pursuit , with curly circle rumsford like a airplane before take off after she . a stunne rumsford quickly follow . CUT to : int . rumsford mansion - live room sherry run in , follow closely by the stooge . moe plow into Williams , upsetting the tray of pretzel he carry and knock he out of the shot . sherry laugh gaily throughout . after a moment , there be a crash and a woman 's shriek . sherry and the stooge turn to look at the sofa where Williams now lie in the countess ' lap beside a mustach guest name John . everyone be cover with pretzel . John have the pretzel bowl lid on he head . william ( totally mortify ) oh , countess . I be so sorry . the countess have a pretzel wedge around she eye like a monocle . she put she own monocle up to the other eye , try to keep she dignity . the countess really ! sherry hurry over to help straighten thing up . sherry ( to guest with lid on he head ) oh , John ! rumsford rush in and join the stooge . he see the mess and wince . rumsford ooooh ! sherry start to take the lid off John 's head . sherry I will get you a drink . she remove the lid but he toupee come off with it , leave he bald as a ping pong ball . he clutches he head in horror . a distraught rumsford confer with the stooge . rumsford gentlemen , what will I do with she ? now , let I tell you a little bit about sherry . moe oh , do not bother . I will take scotch . larry make mine rye . curly I will take gin smother in bourbon . nyuk , nyuk . moe ( to Larry and curly ) boy . moe motion with eye and head to something o.s . they follow he gaze . they stare at each other for a split second before racing away from rumsford and over to a table load with drink . sherry stand at the punch bowl fix a drink . sherry gentlemen , do have some rum punch . sherry leave with the drink and a tray of hor d'oeuvre . curly rum punch ? why , soitanly . nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk . curly remove he glove . Larry pull the stethoscope from he pocket . larry ( off the stethoscope ) I know this thing would come in handy . Larry remove the earpiece from the stethoscope , leave only the rubber tub . moe watch as Larry offer one of the earpiece tube to curly . larry will you join I ? the business end of the stethoscope be drop into the bunch bowl . curly soitanly . skoal . larry skoal . use the tub as a tandem drink straw , Larry and curly slurp up some of the rum punch . after a moment , they stop and make face . larry this be weak . curly yeah . the rum go through this punch on stilt . moe take a bottle from the table , open it and take a whiff . moe this scotch ought to help . larry ( pick up another bottle ) this gin should make it fizzy . curly ( with two bottle ) bourbon and rum ought to help some . curly sniff one of the bottle . he sneeze twice and be about to sneeze again when sherry return to the table and offer he a tray . sherry ( to curly ) hor d'oeuvre ? curly no. Hay fever . sherry bust out laugh at this and walk off . the stooge pour the various bottle into the punch bowl . when this be emptied , they turn to some other bottle on the table . moe hey , here 's some new kind of liquor . wor-cester-shire ! ( pour worcestershire sauce into the punch bowl ) oh , ho ho ho . larry this say " tabasco " -- I be not never drunk any . but we will put it in . moe what have you get to lose ? Larry pour hot tabasco sauce into the bowl . curly squeal and clap he hand with delight as he find a bottle of he own . curly nyuk , nyuk , nyuk . sham paynee ! curly pop the cork on he champagne bottle . the cork fly off and champagne spritzes out of the top . curly cover the bottle with he hand to stop the flow . after a pause he look over at moe and do a double take . we swish pan to discover moe with the champagne cork wedge in he right eye . moe grimace , pull the cork from he eye , stare at it for a second , put it down , and confront curly . moe you should not handle dangerous weapon . ( off the champagne bottle ) give I that . curly I will not ! moe let I have it ! curly ( reluctantly ) ohhh ... curly remove he hand and the foam sprays moe . curly direct the stream of champagne into the punch bowl while moe bop curly 's head several time in succession . Larry call moe 's attention to the punch bowl . larry look ! it 's boil . the punch be practically steaming . curly it must be do . the stooge grab little glass cup and dip they into the bowl . they clink they glass together and all three drink simultaneously . after a moment , they wince horribly and belch puff of smoke from they mouth . they put down they glass and wipe they mouth , look rather pleased . larry a marvelous accomplishment . moe a prodigious achievement . curly you say it ! it 's putrid ! suddenly , rumsford join the stooge at the table . rumsford gentlemen , would you be good enough to look my wife over now ? moe a pleasure . rumsford this way . the stooge follow rumsford to the sofa where sherry and the countess sit talk . rumsford ( to sherry ) the doctor 's go to look you over , dear . sherry oh , goody . curly join sherry and the countess on the sofa , sit between they . moe and Larry stand nearby . moe ( to sherry ) now , uh , we shall test you reflex first . sherry okay , Doctor . curly nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk . sherry 's leg be cross and curly tap she just below the knee to test she reflex . but nothing happen . sherry just laugh . curly squeal in frustration and tap she again . still nothing . curly squeal and palm he face . curly this be the way a normal reflex should act . to demonstrate , curly cross he own leg and tap himself below the knee . nothing . he do a double take and scowl at sherry . now , curly turn to the countess sit beside he and tap she knee , still with no result . the countess ( offended , to curly ) I beg you pardon . delighted with curly 's boldness , sherry gasp and put a hand to she mouth . curly ( to the countess ) oh , you do not have to apologize . you can not help it you be crazy . the countess be so shocked by this remark that the monocle pop out of she eye . moe ( to curly ) c'mere , guinea pig . curly rise , sit on the arm of the sofa , and cross he leg . moe kneel beside he and prepare to show he how it 's do . ( meanwhile , some of the other guest , include the countess , start tapping themselves below the knee . ) moe ( professorially ) now , then . holding the palm at a forty - five degree angle ... moe tap curly below the knee . nothing happen . moe must be off a couple of degree . moe try again . still nothing . moe ( upset , to curly ) trouble be , you have get no life . moe kettle drum curly in the stomach . curly 's leg lash out and kick moe , send he backward . moe oh ! curly back away , squealing , afraid of retaliation . reaching the other side of the room , curly trip over the leg of a bookish guest who sit in a chair , read a newspaper . curly fall to the floor . curly ( to the guest ) pardon I . guest I be sorry . the guest go back to read he paper and cross he leg . still on the floor , curly see the guest 's cross leg and decide to tap he below the knee . he hit it hard and make a loud wooden thump . the guest put he paper down and stare at curly who squeal in frustration before thumping the leg again . finally , curly smack himself in the face a few time and karate chop the leg . curly clutches he hand in pain and howl . the guest give curly a " it serve you right " nod . the guest uncross the leg and when it bang loudly to the floor we realize it be a wooden leg . curly stare at this , reach down , and knock on the wood . it sound like someone knock at a door , so curly say : curly come in . curly pull the guest 's trouser leg up to reveal the actual wood -- and a tiny sign that read : post no bill . curly rise and back away in horror until he encounter a large white marble statue of a muscular man sit on a pedestal . sort of a cut -rate version of rodin 's the thinker . curly eye the statue 's bent leg and contemplate tapping its knee with glee . curly ooo-oohh . nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk . curly tap the statue 's knee and -- improbably -- obtain the desire result : the statue 's leg flexe . in response , a amaze curly bark like a dog at the statue . then pause to wonder how the statue could have come to life . ( it be , of course , a male model make up to look like a statue . ) meanwhile , on the other side of the room , moe , Larry and the other guest be all bent over , tapping they leg below the knee . Williams enter and make a announcement . william dinner be serve . moe straighten up and turn to Larry . moe eat ! curly start gibbering like a madman and run in place . moe jump over the sofa . Larry run around it and hop on moe 's back for a piggy - back ride into the dining room . the guest and Williams watch all this with stunne look while sherry laugh happily . finally , curly run over and jump on Williams ' back for he own piggy - back ride into the dining room . sherry ( laugh , to the stunne guest ) be not they marvelous ? dissolve to : int . rumsford mansion - dine room - day everyone save Williams be seat at the dining room table . sherry sit at the head of the table . on she right sit moe and Larry ( when Larry try to flirt with the lady on he right , moe grab he violently by the hair ) . on sherry 's leave sit curly . to curly 's leave be the countess . rumsford sit at the other end of the table , opposite sherry . the seating arrangement look like this : sherry moe curly Larry the countess Lady male Guest ? matronly woman ? John rumsford everyone have a cream puff in front of they . we know what that mean ... curly ( to sherry ) I just love cream puff . sherry oh , I hope you gentleman will like my Spanish dinner . curly I be just crazy about Spanish food -- especially corn beef and cabbage . sherry ( laugh , to guest ) be not he funny ? ha ha ha ! curly notice the countess look around for something . curly what 's all the fuss ? the countess I believe I drop my serviette . curly well , just keep seat . nobody will notice it . the countess give he a look . curly shoot she a look right back . curly okay , have half of mine . curly tear he napkin in half and hand it to the countess . the countess ( snootily ) thenk you . curly grin , wave and offer a quiet " nyuk , nyuk . " then , curly see the countess powder she face with a powder puff . he squeal quietly , dig into he pocket , and pull out a electric razor . he plug in the razor ( apparently , the socket be build right into the dining room table ) and it start to buzz loudly . curly start shave himself , much to the countess ' annoyance . he yelp when he snag a piece of skin just above he lip . then he reach over and start shave the countess ' face . she shriek and jump in horror at this . the countess really ! she go back to powder she face . curly give she one of he eloquent dismissive wave and go back to shave . Williams approach the countess with a tray . william biscuit , Madame ? the countess no , thank you . Williams be about to offer curly a biscuit but be shocked and offended to see he shave at the dinner table . william ( disapprove ) Sir ?! curly quiet ! william ( regains he composure ) biscuit , sir ? curly ( rub he hand with glee ) oh , soitanly ! curly take a biscuit and set to work on it with a knife while Williams grimace in disbelief and move on . William offer the tray to moe and Larry . william biscuit , sir ? moe and Larry manage to take they biscuit without incident ( Larry take two ) . while moe shake enough salt onto he biscuit to preserve the entire Columbia film library , Larry make a sandwich out of he two biscuit and a giant stalk of celery . with both hand , Larry raise the unwieldy sandwich to he mouth and be about to bite into it . moe ( to Larry ) hey . where 's you Emily Post ? moe 's reference to the famous etiquette maven cause Larry to stick both he pinkie in the air before bite down joyfully on the sandwich with a impolite crunch . moe nod in approval and continue to salt he biscuit . meanwhile , the countess continue powder she face . curly have cut he biscuit in two and place one half on the table and start to butter the other half . curly this be my favorite dish . biscuit ! biscuit all the time . the countess set the powder puff down on top of curly 's half - biscuit . he finish butter , pick up the powder puff by mistake , and put he " biscuit " in he mouth . he try to bite off a piece but can not . he make a face , then squeal ; the countess who now put on lipstick , give he a disdainful look ; curly finally bite a piece of powder puff , glance happily at the countess ; struggle to chew it , go cross -ey at the effort ; swallow some down ; take another bite ; squeal , earning another look from the countess ; curly pause for a moment ... then abruptly stuff the biscuit in he mouth and tear off another piece . the countess sigh and roll she eye . suddenly , curly start to choke . he grab he throat , eye bulg . desperately , he whack the back of he head cause face powder to spew out of he mouth . he grab a water glass from off the table and drink some down . he turn to look at the countess and grimace . the countess be white with powder and totally mortify . sherry crack up at the sight of she . sherry ( to curly ) you funny , funny man ! moe ( grimly ironic ) yes . be not he a scream ? Williams serve the tamale , a native mexican food make of mince meat and red pepper roll in cornmeal and wrap in corn husk . sherry ooh , I just love tamale in the spring ! curly ( off he tamale ) what a funny thing . it do not know whether it 's comin ' or goin ' . suspicious , moe and Larry peer at they tamale , at first tapping they cautiously , then pounding they . curly pick he up , shake it , hear a gloopy sound from its interior , set it on he plate , and strike up a conversation with it . curly ( to the tamale ) speak to I so I will know which be the head or the tail . curly bark at it twice , then pat it gently as if it be a dog . curly ( to the tamale ) quiet now , quiet . nyuk , nyuk . moe try to penetrate the corn husk with a spoon , to no avail . moe ( to himself ) this thing can not lick I . moe tuck he napkin into he collar and start to manhandle the tamale . meanwhile , Larry use a fork and a knife on he tamale with no result . larry mmm. stubborn , huh ? finally , curly figure out that you have to unwrap the darn thing and happily begin to do so . curly nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk . Larry butter and salt he and bite down on it as if it be corn - on - the - cob . moe try to finger - poke he tamale as if it be curly . finally , he try to squeeze the life out of it . moe get tough with I -- ?! moe slam it to he plate . sauce squirt out of it and blacken moe 's face . he try to wipe it off , only make it worse . moe ( off the tamale ) a bomb ! a infernal machine ! curly keep tear off flake of husk , finally find one he like . moe start to do the same . curly salt he husk and pop it in he mouth . moe butter one of he own , put it with another one , and eat it like a sandwich . he clap he hand together and look satisfied -- until he taste the husk . then , he pause to make a face . curly scrape sauce off a husk with he knife and grow wild - eye with anticipation as he salt the husk and stuff he mouth with it . Larry , have make no progress , bite into one end of he tamale cause sauce to stream out the other end and blacken curly 's face . upset , curly wipe he eye . Larry look in horror at what he 's do . curly ( angry , to Larry ) why , you --! curly pick up a tamale and threaten to throw it at Larry . larry I be sorry . do not throw it ! do not throw it ! Larry duck he head into moe 's lap as curly throw . the tamale hit and spatter moe . moe grab Larry by the hair and pull he off he lap . moe ( to Larry ) get up , you . moe smack Larry on the forehead and turn to curly . moe ( to curly ) why , you --! moe pick up a cream puff to throw at curly . curly moe ! do not ! curly duck he head into the countess ' lap as moe throw . the cream puff hit the countess in the forehead . curly pop up . curly I duck -- curly see the cream countess and react with horror . the countess desperately try to maintain a air of dignity . the young male guest sit beside she begin to roar with laughter at the sight of she . so she smack he in he open mouth with a cream puff . now , it 's sherry 's turn to laugh hysterically . the male Guest grab a cream puff and eye the countess . he rise , much to she dismay , prepare to hit she with it . the countess ( also rise ) oh , no no no no no no ... but , at the last second , he throw the cream puff at sherry instead , hit she square in the face . rumsford , sit at the far end of the table next to the guest name John , put a hand to he head in dismay . but sherry , smile like a kid , wind up and pitch she cream puff across the length of the table , hit John . then she grab curly 's cream puff and hit rumsford as he be shouting : rumsford this be outrageous ! I demand that something be do -- ! sherry laugh even harder than before , shaking in she chair , she mouth wide open . rumsford grab a cream puff and somehow throw it right into she open mouth . John , wiping some cream from he face , accidentally flick some onto the matronly woman beside he . she , in turn , pick up she cream puff and smack he with it . they start throw the rest of they food at each other . moe ( to curly ) this be all you fault , you -- moe pick up a cream puff . curly hide behind the countess . curly woo-woo-woo-woo-woo ... cut it out , moe ! a cream puff hit the countess . she sputter . curly poke he head out from behind she . curly nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk . he duck back . another cream puff hit the countess . curly ( to moe ) you miss I . the countess say something defiant but incomprehensible . moe ehh , that will teach you ! moe get hit by a cream puff . a untouched female guest try to keep the peace . female guest folk ! this must stop ! the woman be instantly clobbered by a cream puff . by now , the room have degenerate into anarchy : sherry , Larry , moe , curly and the other all either throw cream puff or get hit with they or both . curly duck beneath the table and pop up with he napkin cover he head . of course , the moment he peek out from behind it , he be whacked with a cream puff -- curly I surrender ! I - - curly rise , grunt , and get whacked again . curly nyuk , nyuk , nyuk , nyuk . a unsuspecting Williams calmly enter the room and stare wide - eye in amazement . everyone be throw food . william Doctor York just -- Williams get hit by a cream puff . huffily , he turn to exit and get a cold one right in the back of the neck . he raise he shoulder high , exhales deeply , and march out of the room . rumsford and the stooge crawl on hand and knee away from the rioting partygoer and confer in a quieter part of the room . rumsford ( to the stooge ) gentlemen , I think you would better leave now while my wife 's still enjoy herself and before she change she mind . believe I , I be grateful . ( pull out a wad of cash ) will - will about fifteen hundred do ? moe ( take the whole wad ) oh , that 's just right . thanks . rumsford crawl away to join sherry while the stooge count they money . sherry be have a ball , throw and be throw at . sherry whoooo ! ha ha ha ! a smile rumsford approach , carry a huge chocolate cake that say happy birthday on it . sherry ( happily , off the cake ) oh , my birthday cake ! oh , darling , in all my life I have never have so much fun ! rumsford immediately dump the entire cake on she head . rumsford I , too . they stare at each other , she in disbelief and he , inscrutably , with he hand on he hip . fade out this page host by get you own free Home page