three day of the condor by Lorenzo senple Jr. and David rayfi el for educational purpose only revise draft February 3 , 1975 convert to pdf by screental k™ ww . scr eont al k. org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 1 . int . a office sovevhere | N new york OPEN close on a book print in ch nese character , hold open under a move scanning beam a nechanical armturn page every couple of second while a autovatic translator wire to this device bang out English text at terrific speed . glimpse of janice chon , pretty , at least one of she parent be chinese . her dark hair fall as she bend to adjust the machi not . voce off ( ray ) jani ce ! title began camera follom jani ce to | nteri or another offi ce ray martin , stand at keyboard of a | bmpunchcard machine , mechani cally feed in entry off of 3 x5 index card . move to harold thovas , in the sare office . he sit at a table pile wth mystery novel , wear a green eye - shade , go over a set of galley proofs wth a mark pen . ray waat ' have we get ? harcld male caucasian , mid -40' . appear to have be shot . ray wer e? haro_d in he room jani ce very funny , harold . harcld q« , the wound be just bel ow the heart . credi ts conti nue . ray he be shot once ? harcld seem to have be , yes . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 2 . jani ce first you say " appear " to have be shot now " seen " to 's have be ... harcld that 's what the guy write ! jani ce but the machine will not analyze specul ati on . int . smaller offi ce OPEN on one wal ! which be paint bright red I contemporary than the other , and personalize . a photo blowp of a Einstein . some homemade model of submarine and aircraft design by da vinci . SOUND of footstep as credit conti nue . angle to door as Dr. lappe appear , carry papers . he 's fiftyish , dress british , smoke atrimcigar . dr lappe ( hol ding out papers ) M. Turner ...? he see no one in the office . gance , annoyed , at he wat ch . ext . broadway in the El ghti es weaving through traffic on a mini - power sqlex be joseph turner . he be in a much - wear tweed j acket over a heavy sweater . along scarf be tie around he throat and trail behind he the sqlex be batter and miss occasionally . sometimes he pedal to assist the one cylinder engi not . ray ' S vo ce wy do not you just finish read it and -- harold S vo ce Cone on -- in five minute we can dope it out -- save all that time . jani ce 's S voi ce if joey be here -- harold S vo ce Turner 's not the only mind around . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 3 . ray 's S vo ce Cone on . wat calibre sl ug ? jani ce 's S voice qh , you be miss the point , Ray ... ray ' S vo ce huh ? back to that offi ce jani ce the machine 'l ! come back wth a : be - phrase 's or ' please express it in other word '... ray so what do you want to feed in ? jani ce well think , Ray : why do the author put it like that ? ... it ' appear ' , he ext . three story townhouse - east 70 be it nestle anong other of its ilk , behind a bl ack iron fence wth agate init . sh ft ange to see turner round the corner from madison ' Avenue and pull the sqlex up onto the sidewalk in front of the building . he have a somewnat negl ecte beard and moustache . he begin to chain the sqlex to a parking sign . angle across the STREET a small blue fiat park at the curb . anmanis sit . you do not see he face , just what he sees in the rear view mrror . turner chai ning the bike . drop to the man S lap . he flip through a little pack of photo beside a list of name . glimpse of Janice , harold , Ray , Dr. lappe . photo of turner cone up . man check off turner s_nane . harold S vo ce he always wite like that , he 's a republ i can . jani ce 's S voice no no , it mean something . . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 4 . from the man S Pov turner under FI nal credit move toward the gate of the house and push it open . beside the gate be a polished bronze pl aque readi no : aneri can li terary h stori cal soci ety turner reach the unl ock gate , push it open . int . alh house - reception area a red light flash and a warning buzzer sound . aside from that , the first floor of this place | ook just like what that pl aque say it be . mrs . russell be at she cluttere desk . she have short grey di shevel ed hair and smoke incessantly . jenning , a burly ex-sergeant , not quite confortable in civilian clothes , be bent over _an open drawer | oad film into a hide camera . they both | ook toward a small tv noni tor screen . ext . alh - house turner he suddenly turn he back to the lens of a tv camera which be discreetly place . int . alh house - IRS . russell and jenni ngs they exchange a glance of disapproval of Turner 's probably dail y-prank . as Ms. pussell open she desk drawer to press a button release the outer door you glinpse wthinit a . 45 . the door open . Turner enter . flash CUT of jenning ' desk where the camera quickly snap a phot o. turner close the door behind he the stride toward the stair , flipping up the visor . he point to he nose . turner Turner , Joseph , no-niddle-initial . mrs . russell seventeen no nute | eat . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 5 . turner | be buck headw nos , put down tvel have mnute . it 's gonna rain by 10:20 . mrs russell thanks alot . I leave my unbrella on the bus . all wthout stop . turner nove toward the rear office , now take he helmet off . he stop at the open door at rear . plant fill the room on desk , along wndowsills , radi ator and hang fromplanter . and there 's that odd ultra VI qlet li ght that encourage pl ant - growth . turner Dr. lappe ... ? dr lappe -- stand on a chair , water one of the hang pl ant wth a | ong -snout water - can -- just check he pocket - watch , say nothing . Turner ignore the inference , go on : turner wis there anything in the early pouch ? dr lappe yes ... but nothing in response to you report . turner gh. ( rallying ) maybe this afternoon . dr lappe pl ease have the book you be work on anal yzed and on the computer by four o' cl ock . turner yes sir. and he 's on he way again . up the-curve staircase . int . turner S office - day that one wth all the model and the red wall . the enter -- cross to he desk , pick up a nystery novel fromhis in - basket , |ook at it a nmonent , then put it aside . under bri ght li ght , he arrange some | bmrun . W can see they be machi ne- transl ation , side - by-side , in 3 or 4 | anguage . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 6 . jani ce 's S voice wat be the calibre of the bullet , har ol d ? harold S vo ce apparently a . 38 . jani ce 's S vo ce there it be again ! apparently ! ! harold S vo ce véll it make a entry - wound characteristic of a .38 ... but they could not recover the slug itself . ray ' S vo ce hey , we be get sorewer e! int . other offi ce jan ce pick up some papers and nove toward the door . jani ce you guy figure it out . | have far- East journal to read . carera follow she down hal ! way to turner 's office . ray ' S vo ce we the slug smashed against the wall ? harold S vo ce no. matter of fact , there be no exit - wound . int . turner S offi ce jan ce watch hi mwork a nmonent . he be very intent on what he be do . she move around behind he put she hand on he shoul der . jani ce ... what they have get to so far a .38 wound but no -- turner ( not | ook up ) Ice . jani ce wat ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 7 . 's part she make turner instead of lead . the murderer pour water into a .38 calibre nold , froze it , keep it solid until the crime ... jani ce ( begi nning to get it ) geat ...! turner he shoot the guy wth the icebullet . cop show up in a half - hour : a few drop of water , no bullet no ballistic . jani ce geat ! turner hey , what 's this character ? of a work - problem he draw a | deogram use a it thick mark - pen . she cone cl ose : jani ce you calligraphy 's get beautiful ... a minor change in the character : jani ce ( then in engl i sh ) ' Heaven 's . turner not hing el se ? jani ce ( shrug ; doubtful ) it can mean ' the best '...' top ' soret i re . ( t hen ) why ? turner I be not sure . jani ce vw go to Sam and I 's toni ght ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 8 . she nod . turner ( back at work ) jani ce wy do not you talk to Sam about it ? turner ( look up ) about this ... ? turner | do ... interesting , he say . ( then snil es ) but not he department ... wich mean he think there 's nothing ... like lappe . and you . jani ce there 's not much . a murder nystery that 's be transl ated ... turner ( over rie di no ) a nystery that do not sell ... transl ated into a odd assortment of | anguage : turkish but not french , Arabic but not german and not Russian . dutch ! jani ce spani sh ... turner ( admit ) yes. ( beat ) yes . jani ce hey , where would you get that thing about the ice ? dashiell hanmett ? turner Dick Tracy . ( no pause ) you sure about this i deogr a ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 9 . jani ce look at this face ... could | be wo about a i deogram turner it be a great face ... ( back to work ) but it be never in China . ext . alh house a light van pull up and stop at the curb . as the driver wait , a uniform messenger get out and go in through the AAA - arow gate . logo on van and on the uniformsay ... " AAA - Al messenger servi ce . " suddenly it start to rain . int . harold and ray ' S offi ce harold still work over galley proofs while ray be work at the terminal of a computer . turner poke he head in . turner Wen can | get sone computer tire , Ray ? haro_d ( shaking he head ) Dick Tracy ??? turner ( seri ous ) he be a very underrate detective . ray there 's free time at 2:45 . jenni ngs 's vo ce ( Calling from bel ow Morning pi ckup ! ray start fromthe computer terminal towards a envel ope . turner no , go ahead , stay on schedule , I 'l ! take it . W th turner as he head for the stair wth the envel ope . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 10 . int . downstair - reception area the AAA - Arrow messenger be signing for he pickup on jenni ngs ' clipboard as turner core up and gi ves he ray 's envel ope . messenger five piece , right ? jenni ngs affirmative . fiver . the envel ope go into a dispatch bag . as turner start towards the stair , dr lappe cone out of he office carry a sheet of paper . dr . lappe be be M. hei degger ? mrs . russell he call in sick , Dr. lappe . jenni ngs ( munbl i no ) probabl y hangover again . dr . lappe this be extraordinary . | be just check the file and | find this carbon copy of a enquiry he send to Persian Gulf Command . turner st op on the stair . turner qh ... he do that for not . dr lappe it never go through ny office . turner wil ... | just ask himto do sone research for I . | guess he think it be not that important . dr lappe | wesh you people would go through channel s. suddenl y turner 's attention be catch by the tv monitor . the charge forward and out the door . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 11 . ext . ale house Turner cone dash out . turner ( yell ing ) hey ! leave that bike al one ! camera reveal two kid toy wth the soex . one kid wat be it ? turner never nind , just leave it alone . the kid walk away nunble . turner ! ook up at the bl ack sky , hold he hand out to feel the rain , check he watch and nod . _ as he walk back inside cavera pan to the blue fiat . push closer to the man behind the wheel . wé stil do not see he face . hs only nove be to trace he finger down a list of name conputer type on a sheet of paper . then he pull up one photograph of a elderly | eaky - eye man . the name under the photo read R heidegger 's the man check he watch , then get out of the car into the rain . int . turner S office - day turner 's stand at he desk . he compare that machi not - transl ation again , briefly -- and shove themaside . the sit , pull the galley of that novel out of he " in ' box . closer on test turner 's hand nove steadily down the page , part some speed - read techni que ... pass a certain phrase , | ump back to it : we read : ... the next morning , at daw , they transfer I to the East wng , 17 . it be worse than lubj anka . turner pick up a marker , draw a transparent yell owline through certain key word : " East wng , 17 ... wrse than lubj anka . " he pick up the page and head out . | nt. hallway wth turner as he walk down hal ! to a xerox machine in a alcove . tape to the top of it be a sign : qut o order convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 12 . turner try to fiddle wthit . Janice , come out of she cubicle see he jani ce it 's bust . heidegger be copyi no something . you know himwth nachi ne . ext . 77th and madi son a phone stand . the man fromthe blue fiat be Tel ephoni no . vé do not hear anything but the sound of the drive rain . int . alh house - alocove turner work at the xerox , remove panel , twist wre , etc . dr lappe 's S vo ce this be in the pouch from New York Center . camera W dens to reveal lappe , who hand hima nenor andum dr lappe hq at langley say there 's nothing from any other intelligence source to support you theory . Turner pause , then stuff the meno into he pocket . dr . lappe ( refer to xerox ) be this you idea of work on that book ? turner ( busy worki no ) qh , I will have it on the conputer by four . lappe watch as Turner continue to work on the xerox . dr lappe vé have people to service this machi ne . turner this thing be fairly sinple ... they just | ook compl i cat ed . dr lappe M. Turner ... | wonder if you be entirely happy here . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 13 . turner ( sur pri sed ) wthin obvious limit , yes sir . dr lappe qbvi ous |i mt ? turner I would rather wite ... and ... well it bother I that | can not tell people what | do . dr lappe wy be it take you so long to accept that ?? turner | actually trust a fewpeople . it 's a probl they dr lappe ( shaking he head ) | believe it 's you turn to bringin lunch . turner wat tine be it ? dr . lappe 11:22. turner rain should end by 11:30 . dr lappe you can wait 8 minute . ext . east 77th STREET - angle on blue FI at brighter blue than ever , polished by the rain . int . blue fiat - day cozy SOUND of rain on roof . the viewthrough the windshield distort by rain rivulet . the man swtches on wper -- just a single stroke back and forth -- clear viewfor a monent . all he need : he see that the alh entrance be still quiet ... before the viewis again gradually ruin by rain . DI ssolve to . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 14 . int . alh house - reception area Turner descend the stair . he head not for the front door , but a narrow one near the back . jenni ngs M. Turner ! but he be go . jenni ngs goddamit ! that be not a proper exit ! mrs . russell he al way go out that way when it rain it save hima block . jenni ngs personnel should enter and exit premse by authorize mean onl y . mrs . russell ( reach for another ci gar ett e) grme alight , wll ya ? ext . rear of alh - day turner squeeze out of the coal chute , into a narrow alley . the close , overhange building provide shelter fromthe rain . turner push through a gate | ead to another alley that run at rightangles to this one ... lead out to East 78th Street . ext . east 77th STREET - day a man -- wal king away from canera -- stop beside the bl ue fiat . he tilt he umbrella to one side , see that the rain have ease up enough to do wthout the unbrella ; he collapse it , resume he walk . he look straight ahead ; seem uninterested in any of the street - life . he do one strange thing , however : pass a wast e-basket , wthout stop he shove the unbrella deep into it , almost bury it in old newspaper and garbage . ext . east 78 th STREET - day turner ererges fromthe alley , jog across 78th Street , turn onto madi son Avenue . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 15 . ext . madi son avenue - east 70 be a short stocky mailman trudge along in the rain , wth a fat pouch sl ung over he shoul der . ext . madi son avenue turner run across it and go into " Jimmy 's Cafe " . ext . alh STREET - hi gh angle the rain have let up greatly , but everything be very wet and shi ny . ext . alh - day from across E. 77th Street . camera pan off the alh now ... past the blue fiat ... and come to rest close on the man wth the unbrella froma few nonent ago . hs concentration , he unblink eye and clean , sharp feature make himseemhawklike in this profile view hs name be joubert . then two other figure appear ... come west from medison be the short stocky mailman , wth he fat pouch . Si mult aneousl y , a very tall thin man round onto alh street fromfifth . hs raincoat bulge oddly . int . JI mw S cafe turner | ean on the col d-case watch wth adniration as jl mwy work on the lunch order wth deat hand . jl mw how 's it go , Shakespeare ? turner geat . i| 'mbuild one of the finest collection of rejection slip in the worl die jl mw | know the feel : | always want to be escof fier . turner it 's not too late . ( poi not s) no mayo on Dr. lappe 's . ( more ) convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 16 . turner ( cont 's D ) ( t hen ) Van gogh do not begin painting until he be almost 30 ... jl mw ( encour age ) yeah ? turner q the other hand , mozart be play piano at 3 and compose at 6 . jl mw ( nod ) fast-starter ... that 's probably better . turner ( poi nts agai n) Mark Ray 's no batter . ( t hen ) | do not know . Van gogh never sell a picture in he lifetime ... and mozart die a pauper . hard to say . during this , angle | nclude a half - weck custover , coffee - cup halfway up to he mouth , stare at Turner . custover wat be !? in the New York Public Li brary ? jl mw ( to customer , refer to tur ner ) do not you hate hi n ? custover it 's very educational in here . that 's why | core in . turner ( to ji my ) wii y'hurry it up ? it 's go to start pour again ... ext . alh - STREET joubert start across for the house . the mailman and the tal ! thin man be converg no on the sane spot from opposite direction , wth the most perfect timing . as they reach the gate and go in , the small blue car pull out and drive awy . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 17 . int . alh - reception area mrs russell be type , the inevitable cigarette dangle in she lip . red li ght and buzzer she reach for door- opener under she desk . as bell ring , angle to front door . clicking SOUND and it open . the milman start in int . alh - li brary jenni ngs be just come dow library | adder , wth sone book he be rearranging . he hear : mrs . russell ' S voce ( pl easantl y surpri sed ) hello ! do not tell I we be really get that afternoon delivery you be al way -- her voice stop short . aninstant . then a curi ous chu chu chu - chu SOUND , fol ! owed by a heavy thud . wth jenni ngs perplex , he step out into hallway . hs eye go wde . the leap toward a closet across the way . just as he yank it OPEN there be that chu chu chu again , and a streamof bullet send he plying ~ the shotgun he be reach for clatter to the floor . the mailman and the tall thin man step into the extrene f.g. of fram , | ower they silenced stengun . they turn toward : shot joubert he nod : proceed . W der angle as the two gunner head for the stair : joubert go to jenni ngs 's desk and pull OPEN the drawer contain the secret camera device . dr lappe ' S vo ce ( from above ) Ms. pussell ! be the kirkus report in this morning 's mail ? ( more ) convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 18 . dr lappe ' S vo ce ( cont 's D ) ( a beat ) Ms. russel ! ? hs footstep at top of stair . the mailman aim he gun up and FI res . chu chu chu chu chu ! the gunner hurry up as dr lappe ' 's body come tumbling dow , the pathetic toupee fall off . ext . JI mw ' S cafe turner emerge wth a big brown paper bag and start to hurry , while the rainis still let up . int . alh - top of stair the gunner split . the tall thin que bound into turner 's office , right across fromthe landing . the have alnost pull ed the trigger before he realize that the roomis unoccupi ed . the mailman step | nto harold and Ray 's place . ray ' S vo ce wait ! wait ! chu - chu - chu - chu i 's heard . int . second floor - men S room harold be pause , listen as he dry he hand . alittle mystify , he step out . he be freeze one moment , then leap back into the John , pull the door shut . | chu - chu chu chu slug pour through the flimsy door and find he int . alh lobby - day contrast wth the violent activity upstairs , it 's a serene tabl eau down here : joubert , wait for themto finish the job . qly a single , small novenent : he take a cigarette fromthe pack on mrs russell 's desk . he sit at she desk . beat . he become aware of the sudden SOUND of nachinery from upst air . int . jani ce 's S office - day she 's swtched on the transl ation machine . she take off she gl ass and begin to polish they convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 19 . mach ne in operation - jan ce 's S Pov it scan that chinese character and its phonetic equi val ent in so-called romaji ( we lettering ) , follow by a literal English transl ati on . abruptly , the machine be swtched off . she hear : joqubert ' S vo ce ( very polite ) would you nove fromthe window , pl ease ? she turn . her Pov all blurry . then it come | nto focus , as she put she glass back on . it be astonish . a strike manis hol ding sore kind of weapon , point right at she . feature jan ce jani ce pardon I ? he simply gesture this time : away fromthe window . favor jani ce shaking she head no : jani ce | will not scream close on joubert jqubert | know . hs eye remain on she but he reach down , swtches on we not ... nod . camera pan to mil man who bring up sten flash closeup - jan ce 's S eye qoeni no wde at what 's about to happen . her hand enter frame , tear off she glass -- clatter of the nachi not . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 20 . ext . madi son avenue - tracki no turner he 's have the paper back book open on top of the bag of | unch , snatching fragment , phrase , as he walk ... he stuff the paperback into the bag , start jogging down to East 77th ... round the corner . ext . alh - day qi et . the rain have stop ; everything in the street seen wash clean , even the air . turner go up to the gate , push buzzer . sqund of bell inside , but no answer click . he peer up at a window . uneasi ness prickle he the get out a door key . int . alh - recepti on area turner enter and sniff a odd acrid odor . he core up the inside step and understand its origin . mrs . russell and jenn ngs lie where they fall . the only SOUND be the automatic typewiter up in jance ''s place , still bang no away . he sees jenning shotgun . turner dash to it and snatch it up , wheel around wthit . there be no live target . like a automaton , shotgun at hip , he mwe to the stair . W th turner he go up , edging past mrs . russell 's and dr lappe 's remain . like avoid a crack in the sidewalk , he avoid step on dr lappe 's toupee . he reach the second f! oor . sees thing . Ray in he office . harold half fall out of the Men 's roomi nto the hall . Al way the clatteri no of the machine , louder now as he appr oach : int . jani ce 's S office - day and jani ce dead , beneath the wndow , she gl ass clench in she fist , propped halfway up . turner the shot gun forget in he hand . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 21 . jani ce mowing closer wth turner he kneel . her straight jet hair have fall over she face ; he pull it back : camera hold close on turner as he rise , |ook about . he mwe to the pach not , swtches |t off . the new silence make it worse ; he urry out . turner run downstairs on rubbery leg . he stop at mrs . russell 's desk , snatch up the phone . no tone fromit . wre cut . holding the dead receiver , he eye register a detail : mrs . russell the cigarette she be snoke fall on she breast and burn down nearly the whole way before it go out . turner horrify beyond description . he mwe toward front door , stop . he try to STUFF the shotgun he be still carry under he coat , but it will not go . pull OPEN she drawer . that .357 magnumin there . he stick it in side overcoat pocke , hand on it like a gangster , quick ! y descend to front oor . ext . alh house turner cpen the door a crack , look out . ange to the street . it look normal enough . back to turner he step out quickly , shut the door behind he moe wth h mdown and into the gate . as he be go through it sqove unseen th no grab he and al nost pull he over backwar d . turner 's mouth be open to scream wen he realize it be just he coat catch on the gate latch . as he aip it free , you be read again that at no bronze plaque ... " aneri can li terary hi stori cal soc ! ety ' close - turner S sclex the drop of rain make it sparkle . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 22 . full shot - | nclude turner he know it would be too conspicuous -- also there 's no tine . he turn away . in the STREET turner st art fast al ong si dewal k madison , suddenly halt . coni no towards himis a woman push a baby carriage . she be a dyky governess type , reflection ginting off she thick glass . she sees he she stop too , and bend over the pramlike to take something out . cover she wth the pistol in he pocket , turner back across the street . wat she take fromthe pram be not a machine gun or hand grenade , of course , but just a baby . she rearrange the darling . turner break into a run angle wth turner he round the corner running onto madison Avenue . phone booth just around the corner where that man nade the cal | earlier . it 's occupy . turner hesitates a nonent . than dash down the bl ock to another phone . phone stand turner barely manage to get the dime in . the dial 911 automatically . a beat . fl ltere vo ce pol i ce headquarters . suddenl y turner do not know what to say he just breathes . fl ltere vo ce hel | 0 ? qick . turner hang up . he dig for another dime . dial a easily rermenbered but totally impossible nunber : 111-222-333 . turner hel | 0 ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 23 . int . a SMALL room sovevwhere wndowess . could be anywhere . no sense of place , but a perfect sense of time : clock run around the wall , head time - zone on the wal - map . turner S ( v.0 . ) ... hello ? coni no froma massi have speaker hang fromthe ceiling . a legless man in a wheelchair -- mtchell -- be alert lean forward . he fine - tune knob on a bank of communi cation equi prent before he ... tape-recorder be already turn ... then speak into a talk - box : m tchell this be the mjor . turner S ( V. 0 . ) this be Joe Turner ! listen -- m tchell identification . turner S ( v.q ) wat ?? ext . phone & turner W should be aware of how menace passersby seem to turner . turner | tell you , my name 's Turner -- | work for you ! something 's happen , somebody come in and -- m tchell identify yourself . turner can only hold tight to the phone , he mind blank . so , very clear , level : m tchell what be you desi gnati on ? it 's like talk to a goddam computer : if you do not speak its progranme | anguage , it will not respond . turner make a enormous effort : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 24 . turner this be ... oh ... condor! section 9 Department 17 . the section 's be hit ! m tchell wat | evel ? turner wat ? m tchell ( cool ; hel pi no ) level of damage . turner total ! everybody : Janice , Dr. lappe , and harold be in the -- m tchell be you on a company |i not ? turner I amin the street ! it 's a payphone , near the -- m tchell you be in violation of secure conmuni cat i on - procedure condor . turner ( override out burst ) you stupid son of a bitch ! I 'mtell you | care back wth lunch , it be raining and the whole house be nur der ed ! ever ybody 's dead ! m tchell right . have the ... incident be di scover by anyone outside the company ? turner | do not know . | do not think so . m tchell be you damage ? turner damage ? no! m tchell be you armed ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 25 . turner ( reach into pocket ) I have get Ms. -- what 's she codenane ? N ghtingale ? she be afraid of be rape , she keep a gun ... m tchell identify you armanent . it take all Turner 's control to answer : turner ...357 magnum ( urgent ; whi sper : ) wii you get nein ! I be not a field - agent , | just read book ... m tchell leave the area . turner should | head downt own now ? m tchell negative ! find a secure | ocati on . turner wer e ?? m tchell avoid any place you be know . do not go hore . do not go hone . turner then ... where ?? what 's secure ?! m tchell ( cal mis no : ) condor ? look up a old friend . turner huh ? m tchell a school chum . . turner a what ?? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 26 . m tchell ( steady ; insist ent ) ... someone you have lose touch wth , have not be see . try the phone book ... ( t hen ) surface again and call the mjor , in two hour ... that will be ... int . the SMALL room mtchell scan the wall - clock ... stop at the one mark : new york . m tchell 1430 you time . D you have it , condor ? turner ( V. 0 . ) ( for rom speaker ) yes. m tchell walk away fromthe phone ; do not hang it up . ext . phone & turner he look at the phone hand - piece , then , risk shouting into it . turner hey ! I have be out of school fifteen year ! absol utel y nothing fromthe other end . Turner place the hand - piece on the shelf . he back away from phone . int . the SMALL room mtchell 's press button and pbx key . a red panel li ghts up : it read " traci no 's . tape-record be rewnding fast as mtchell speak into the tal k- box : m tchell this be the panic Officer . section 9/17 may have be hit . indigo alert in effect . activate followng procedure : NY 1,2,7 . DC 4 , 6 , niner . peplay of the report upcoming : stand by . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 27 . | nt. guggenheim museum - day moi no wth turner , through the maze of ramp . hs expression be blank . ext . west SI do warehouse Big old hulk near the river . some vehicle core out . plain car , some panel truck wth various busi ness | ogo on the side . om one van : '' augean clean no service , inc . " ext . central park - day series of cut that bring Turner out on Central Park West near Columbus grcle . VI ewof the coli seum ext . alh house that " augean cleani no service " panel truck pull up . 3 men in coverall get out , carry rug-shanpoo nechinery , etc . qe of themj abs a key into the front door . int . ooliseum - day Turner wander through the display . he continually check over he shoulder . he try to stay close to wall . everyone | ook suspicious . the most ordinary behavior seen threaten . he hear a moan , he vhirl . a wonan faint . Turner bolt ! ext . alh - day qe of the manin coverall -- newberry -- come out move a bit too fast , get into the front seat of the panel truck , bring a radi o-microphone up fromunder the dash : nevberry augie I to NY Center ... int . ga office NYC - day qe of the top floor of the wrld Trade building . a view of Upper NY Bay , Brooklyn hei ght , staten Island and New Jersey . OPEN on a man in he 30' name h ggns : he 's precise and ambitious , dress conservatively but not a cutout . the faintest trace of Texas in he voice as he adjust a talk - box , and : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 28 . h gg ns W read you , augie qe. '' ahead . nevberry ' S ( V. .. ) wo be ! talk to ? hi gg ns hggins . deputy director . |' mhold the baby . @ ahead . newberry | N panel truck newberry ht confirm . maximum as report . 6 cold iten . h gg ns wat be the quality of work ? newberry qean . fast. first-rate . hi gg ns ... except they overlook one item -- newberry nobody 's perfect . back to cl a headquarters - new york h gg ns ( musi no ) ...or condor be ... wait a minute ! dd you say six ? he 's be shuffle through some papers on he desk . then : h gg ns excepting condor , there should be seven . nevberry repeat , six . here 's the rundown on that iten . ( read froma slip ) lappe , chon , Russell , jenning , Martin , mtchell . h| gg ns close down radio-link , he | ook at turner S fol der ; speak to a comwn cati ons techn cl a who be check t ape nearby , but it 's really just think al oud : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 29 . hi gg ns wo 's condor ? vw have get a research -t ype woo like to read conic strip ext . coluvbus cl role - day Turner wander . he do not know wich way be safe . h| gg ns voce ( v.q ) a man who want to wite nmurder - nysteri es but j oi ned the conpany . he 's suddenly starve . he risk a heat pretzel . he cran it into he mouth . h gg ns ( v.0 ) I will bet we have stuff he head wth enough to wite for 20 year ... Turner suddenly stop ; stare . turner S Pov seat on a bench be a | eaky - eye bum -- who take a slug fromthe typical brown - bag - cover ed -j ug . h gg ns ( v.q ) . now he 's | oose somemere ... scared . ( then , flat ) q maybe not so . ( t hen ) let 's get himin . close turner hs mouth form a word . W do not know what it be . he move away purposefully . close nameplate under bell " r_ heidegger -- 310 " . finger push buzzer . camera pull back . Turner in the vestibule of a brownstone . ten or twelve other nare plate and buzzer . no answer . Turner check the apartment nunber , then push a buzzer on a floor above he degger 's . he get the answer buzz and open the inner door . stai rcase he bound up and stop at apartment 310 . about to knock he notice the door not qu te close . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 30 . vo ce ( from upst be rs ) wo be it ? turner push qui ckl y i nto hei degger 's apartment . int . heidegger S apartment the balding little guy lie half off the bed in he paj ama . gearly dead . push to turner 's reaction . the apartment be a shanbles . it have obviously be searched in the most thorough manner . a enpty bottle of irish wi skey be tip over on a night table . ext . bromnstone a plain sedan pull up and double park . two " e.f. hutton type get out wiile a th rd remain in the car . the two nen start toward the door stoop . int . hallway out ! do hei degger S apartment turner cone slowy out and start toward stair . as he round the banister he see : turner S Pov that " e.f. hutton ' guy cone fromtwo flight bel ow back to turner he bolt back onto the | and and rush up the next flight to the fourth floor . as he reach a vantage point where he can see hei degger 's door way : vo ce hey ! turner whirl , hand go instinctively into he pocket for the .357 . wden angle to ! nclude a large beefy man hold a coffee cup , stand outside of a fourth floor apartment . man do you ring ny buzzer ? turner frantically put he finger to he lip implore the man to be silent . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 31 . hei degger S doorway be the e.f. hutton ' guy have arrive . not | ook up answer what he have j ust hear . hutton guy it be a mstake , buddy . turner and the beefy man turner i 's pani ck . beefy man ( lean over stairway ) not you guy ! hei degger S doorway but the two nen be already inside and the door be slowy cl osi no . back to turner he bolt , take the stair three at a tine . beefy man ( shout i no ) hey you ! who the hell be you ??? ext . domtomw WASHINGTON D. c. busy and full of traffic but no SOUND on the track . instead we hear filter metallic clicking = then : h gg ns vo ce ( filter ) @ ahead . vo ce augie three here . ht on itemseven confirm . he buy it at hone after fun and gare . h g@ns ' voce qk . button it up , augie . I 'l ! send you nore janitor . aqic , then : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 32 . h| gg ns 's vo ce ( no filter ) let 's have that washi ngton pel ay . int . cla hq - langley , virgna - day moving down a long corridor wth another clean - cut type : fowler ow of cubicle and offi ce - worker . this could be a big insurance conpany . fowler stop at a door mark : ' q1.c. dept . 19 ' . he knock . int . wcks office - day wcks be in he 40' , in conspicuously great shape . maybe he would be regular arny , a line officer . he look up at fower ... and read he trouble expression , wait for : fowler somebody take out one of you section . W cks wat ? fowler 9/17 . W cks ( al most | augh ) New York ? ... ( he of temgot mug maybe , but they -- fowler ( flat override ) they be hit . W cks they ' be bookwor ns ! fowler get 7 out of 8 . Wire on the shuttle to La guardia , Jim 30 minute . wcks nod , seen to be still think about the impossibility of it ; then , vaguely : W cks do you say one of ny people be ( k ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 33 . fowler condor . D you know hi n ? W cks ( shake he head no ) be he qk enough to tell we what happen ? fowler they do not touch he he be out to lunch ! W cks wat would he say happen ? fowler he 's not in , yet . first call be a little will , scared . W cks wo 's bring hi minute ? fowler h ggi ns . W cks he 's good . wcks pick up a phone , punch a internal number ; we hear : phone vo ce Transport ati on . fowler vé're already book on ... W cks ( i nto phone ) this be wck , oi.c 17 . | want a chopper on the roof pad . fuel for New York . now . ext . west 20' - day OPEN close on turner , watch : angle adjust to | nclude a red brick building , across and down the street . he decide to risk it : cross the street , and be about to enter the building when he be stop by : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 34 . fuller angle - include landlady she be drag garbage can fromunder the stair for col | ection . landlady they be wait for you ! Turner whirl . turner wat ?? landlady you two friend . Turner freeze , begin to back away . landlady they say you would be hone early . ( turn to he they just get h - - ( he 's go ) M. Turner ?? new angle - close on turner press flat , just around the corner : a abrupt reaction to : ext . brick build - top floor wndov - Pov shade be be pull dow ! ext . world trade CENTER - day hold . then a heli ocpter settles into frame , prepare to | and . int . cla - new york CENTER - day shoot ! no thru wndow dow at heli pad as chopper settles . pull back to show h gg ns novi no away from window . ext . broadway near cclumbi a uni vers ! ty close on turner 's hand dialing pull back to see himina phone booth , canpus in bag convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 35 . int . that SMALL room sovewhere the series of musical tone we hear earlier , the static ... and the legless man , m tchell : m tchell this be the mjor . turner S ( v.q. ) ( for rom speaker ) this be condor . m tchell stand by . routing you to NY Center . int . cla office , NY - day no pause : hi ggns activate he talk box and : hi g@ ns hello , condor ... int . phone booth - day turner hi gg ns I be dep director hggins , NY Center , control now where be you ? turner how core | need a codenane and you do not ? h gg ns ... be be you , Turner ? turner here . h gg ns ( beat ) ... be you ok ? turner be you insane ... everybody 's dead ! ! h gg ns be you ready to cone in ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 36 . turner they get heidegger too ! | go to he house to see if -- h| ggns you be do this wrong , condor ! vwé know who they have get . let 's get you in here . the door behind h ggins open ; wck and fower cone in . hi gg ns here 's howit '| ! be do : d' you know the ansonia Hotel ? turner Broadway and 74th ? hi gg ns there 's a alley behind it . qe hour fromnow ... that 's 15:20 ... walk into it -- fromthe 74th Street end . turner you will be there ? hi gg ns the head of you department just get in fromdc . he will bring you hone . turner | never meet he hi gg ns no problem he 's check we picture of you , now . ( then , at Turner 's sil ence ) wat 's the matter ? turner . | do not know you , either . a exasperate | ook at wck and fower . hi gg ns ( reassure : ) W will meet , Turner . ( t hen ) he will be carry a Wall Street Journal , leave hand . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 37 . turner there be a couple of guy at ny house . hi gg ns wat be you do there ?! turner | be honesick ! who be they ? hil gg ns ... ours. turner wat be they do in ny house ? ( silence ; then a outburst ) listen , | do not want to go into a alley wth you or anybody you say and fuck the Wall Street Journal ! hi gg ns it 's be along , bad day , condor , you have be under -- turner dam right I have be under ! h| gg ns all right . Turner ? he will bring along somebody , you know , a faniliar face . turner ... wo 's leave ? h ggins refer to condor 's file . hi gg ns you have a friend down here in statistic ... turner Sam bar ber . h gg ns wii he do ? turner ( ore calm y) yeah . samill do . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 38 . h gg ns ( to fow er ) gt he .. ( into tal k- box again ) ok . stay well for 60 minute , and you be hore , condor . he hang up . hi gg ns and wcks alone : wcks be check photo of turner hi gg ns y have 55 minute . W cks do we know why ? h gg ns no. W cks somebody get even ? the firmjust hit a place in ... Prague , be it ? the uni versity . h| gg ns buchar est . ( rej ecting idea ) they be codebreaker . no , thisis ... odd : this people do not know nuch . wcek have be scan Turner 's fol der : W cks ... hs psych - profile show a peak at intellectual curiosity ... dip at conf ornity . hi gg ns they mess plenty : he 's moody , and excitable as hall ! he will be shoot at shadow if we do not t get himin here . W cks he 's armed ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 39 . h| gg ns .45 ( t hen ) you do not travel wth anything , do you ? W cks no . h gg ns you know where ordinance be ... W cks I 'mjust go to walk himhone ... hi gg ns somebody go to sone trouble to get the other 7 . speaker vo ce ( soft , female ) scrambler qhe , M. higgins ... wcks & h gg ns both be impressed wth the desi gnati on : h gg ns deputy director hggins ... yes sir . I will be glad to . that '!l! be no problem sir . I will leave wck wth the baby ... thank you . he repl ace phone gently ; then : h| gg ns 54 /12 goup be meeting . he want be to brief themon it . W cks he will be there , himself ? ( h ggi ns nod ) N ce break . int . cla , NY - ordnance room wek and Turner 's friend , SAM barber , a nice guy , and fearless , far beyond he physical strength . barber be in a flak - j acket , arm hold stiffly . barber this be ridicul ous . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 40 . W cks you be not a field - agent ; it 's standard pr ocedur e . barber to pick up a fri end ? ordnance man drop another fl ak - j acket on the counter , and : ordnance ian wat about you , M. wck ? Wen wek shake he head no to the j acket : ordnance ian Si dear n? W cks | do not know ... D you have a . 45 ? as ordnance man turn to fill the order , wcek check barber : W cks let I button that up for you . ( beat ) how | ong ' have you know condor ? barber | know he before he be a bird , even . vw go to ccny . wm wife , too . W cks she ever condor 's girl ? barber ( you son of a bitch , but ) bef ore she see the li ght . ( t hen ) hey wll tell I what go on today ? W cks wen. barber this morning . that nurder . W cks wat murder ? he 's buttone barber 's j acket to the neck . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 41 . ext . anson a HOTEL OPEN close on sone ornate stonework ; wden to ! nclude a oddl y- shape with ndow . this could be anywhere , a narvel ous chateau in the loire Valley ... pull back to ! nclude a blue neon SI gn : ' al roon S gym . ext . alley Bet ween the hotel and negl ecte brownst one : garbage can and enpty crate and box . mwe in to discover wck and barber . paper blow against they leg . barber stamp he foot . wek ' adjustment to the cold be to remain motionless . qily one move : he open he overcoat . barber see the move . it 's alien behavior ... but he let it pass : in a fewnonent , he friend wll be here . W cks move over against the wall ... barber why ? W cks ( like to a dunb child ) so he wi ! see you . the ideais he recogni zes you . barber start toward the opposite wall . shot - turner stand against fire - exit at the side of the hotel , under a bare red li ghtbulb , stare at he watch . shot - wcks study he watch , too ... he look down the alley . turner he take a breath , move away fromfire - exit . he stosin shadow , peek around corner into the alley : turner S Pov there 's Sam barber , stand against the wall . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 42 . shot turner relief ! ... he start around the corner ... alley - various angle turner , mowing barber sees hi mnow , too : a smle ... wcks shift position slightly : we see he but turner do not . then suddenly wcks deli berately KI cks the bottomcrate out fromunder a unsteady stack ... the crate crash across the al | ey . turner junp to one side ... reach toward he gun . wcks step quickly out of the shadow now bring up the sil ence Magnum and incredibly ! -- fl res ! a inch over turner 's head a brick be shatter , spray down on he ... and the RI cochet scream ... barber ( scream ) hey ! it 's he what be y' doi no ??! turner di ves forward and to one side , crashing agai not garbage can ... wcks be unbel i evabl y fl ring at turner agai n ! turner roll over the garbage - can , pull the gun free . thrusts it forward in both hand and pull the trigger ! the echo hanrers at the wall of the alley ! re-echo wcks ' leg be knock fromunder he 's he fall , he thigh shattered . turner scranble up , can not believe it : W cks try to get into position to FI re again ! turner turner San ??! ! another round sl and past he ear . he run . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 43 . W cks on he face , manage to FIRE again . then -- he swng he pistol through a quick 90 - degree arc , aim it across the alley -- barber roote , hypnotize ! the stifle sqund of the sil ence Magnum a slug RI ps through barber 's throat , just above the fl ak - j acket . ext . west 74 th STREET & broadway mowing wth turner , terrify ! -- as he bolt out of the alley , through a group of KI tchen - worker who ' have cone out of the back - door of a restaurant at the sound of shoot . he stumble , keep run -- pursue by they spanish cry . ext . broadway - series of cut turner dart through traffic , vault the fence - in cent er- island on Broadway , j am the gun out of sight as he run ... siren . a prow - car headi no the other way , down Broadway -- the scream of its brake . turner turn off Broadway -- nearby street & alley turner zi g- zaggi no bet ween car , try to | ose hinself ! SI rens fromother direction , now . he turn into col unbus Avenue -- and be meet by the flash nglight of a prow car scream no past the intersection . he flatten against a store wndow ... watch as the prow car stop at the next intersection and two ocp |eap out , gun draw ...! as easily as he can , turner enter the store ... int . sporting good store sudden quiet : cothing pile on table , hang on the wall . a unkenpt mess of arny -surplus , camp - equi pment and stuff for wnter-sport ... DI storted reflection of all of it in anti-shoplift m rror ... convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 44 . turner try to melt into a narrow aisle of old field - jacket . he try one on , just to give himself time to stop trenbling , catch he breath ... then , he notice ... near cash reg ster agrl , late 20 , wth she purchase : cross -country ski stuff , lightweight boot , backpack , jacket , etc . clerkis check she master charge credit , read info into phone : clerk Katherine hale ... ha , l,e. 08 1156 172 208 ... 08/75 . amount : 51.86 . ( to Kathy , cover phone ) be 's there enough snow this earl y ? kathy verront ... | hope . clerk wat 's open ? sugarbush ? kathy | do not do downhill ; this be for cross - country . clerk do not like the lift-line , uh ? kathy it 's the irt subway , wth frostbite ! | can use 2 week away fromthat . interrupted by : clerk ( into phone ; write ) 474 ... thank you . during this , angle adjust to include back of store : turner s_ go . abrupt CUT to . ext . coluvbus avenue shoot ! no past sporti no - goods store : a vWoark at a neter and a meter maid about to wite a citation . kathy emerge wth she package , hurry , call : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 45 . kathy do not do it ! here | be ... meter mai D qguttin ' it close , sister ... kathy sorry ... turner S vo ce -- kat hy ?! as she turn : new angle as if he would be walk by , stop ... approach she now . turner how have you be , kath ? she do not recognize himof course , but in NYC you meet so many people , so briefly ... kathy do |l ...? SOUND of siren force Turner to make he move faster than he intend : he step closer : turner here , I will give you a hand wth -- kathy hey ! | do not know you ! too | eat : he 's take a knapsack fromher , use it to conceal the .357 Magnum from anyone on the sidewalk ... but not from she : it 's suddenly there , huge , close to she throat . turner be quiet and nice , we be friend . | need hel P. kathy ( refer to she thing ) here ! take the stuff ! turner put it in the car . get in ! convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 46 . her eye dart toward the police car , still converge on the area . he know she 's think of scream . the bring the muzzle of the gun up close to she neck . turner do not be dunb . get in and open the other door for be . kate get in , lean over and open passenger door . moving wth turner - kathy ' S Pov hs fix smile -- as if they be a fun-couple off ona trip . int . vw he slip in beside she . she grip the steering - wheel but do not start the engine . look straight ahead : kathy listen , please . do not hurt not . turner ( over ! ap ) be d' you |i have ? kathy br ookl yn hei ght . turner Al one ? she funble wth the ignition key , she hand shaking badl y. kathy ( conti nui no ) I ... | live wth a guy . turner waat do he do ? kathy stock broker . turner wer e? kathy Wall Street . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 47 . turner wat nunber wi ! Street ? kathy 1030 . turner ( briefest | augh ) you live al one . ext . cla - langley , VI rgn a - roof heli copter on rooftop pad . men wait . h ggns cli nbs out . a few word | naudi ble under rotor . man hand h g@ns a telex sheet . he 's move away from pad read it -- it freeze zoom close on he reaction : shock . const er nati on ! ext . brooklyn bri dge the stone gothic tower and the spi derweb of woven steel cable . camera tilt dow to kathy S W she 's stare straight ahead . turner wth he own thought , too ... at a certain point he turn to |ook at she . both remain silent . int . QLD cage elevator hi ggan ascend through a big old building . topfloor | andi no cove | nto VI ewt hr ough the nesh . a incongruity : Polished mari ne quard and aut omatic weapon : top - floor land ! no as he step out of elevator , flip open he id : h gg ns from NY Center . here to brief 54 / 12 @ oup . mari ne check 1d against alist , and : mari ne right , sir . follow h gg ns to close doubl e-door . fade gilt lettering on the dark wood : ' FI ve conti nent | mpocrt , inc . " he stop , pause like a actor about to audition , then tap and slide the door apart . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 48 . int . QLD , ornate room shoot over h gg ns 's shoulder : we see | mportant lock ! no men , sore in uniform nost civilian ... sit around a magnificent antique table , before a wall of | ead - window . a QLD man wth the manner of a kindly uncle , rise to greet h gg ns . as he come tomrd camera , hand extend , the mari ne enter f.g. of frame , close double - door on we vi ew of the room ext . UN on stati on , WASHINGTON D.C. metroliner , slonnginto station ; camera mwingwwth a particular wndow , and the man there : it be joubert . ext . brooklyn hei ghts - hi gh angle - dusk tree-line narrow street ; well - keep old house . a stone promenade above the pier and railhead . the tower of | ower Manhattan ablaze across Upper New York Bay . conspicuous : the twin-skyscraper of the Trade Center . kathy 's vwwhack into a tight parki no - space . close on vw Turner get out . wien Kathy get out , move toward trunk : turner leave the stuff . suddenl y kathy DI sappear , duck down on far side of car . Turner move fast -- stop in relief : she would drop she key , stoop to pick themup . she start along sidewalk ... follow no they just ahead : a ol dish man and he leash dog wé see he recogni ze Kathy , start to greet she -- and he puzzle reaction as she avert she gaze , walk right past . the man 's dog begin barking ext . kathy ' S bui ldi no dusk as they enter vestibule and she fit key into | ock : turner you should have say hello . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 49 . the door be open . suddenly she know she can not goin . the see she stiffen , balk ! ... and force she inside . the door sw ngs shut . int . QLD , ornate room h ggns be on he foot ; he 's be briefing this group of top - level man , the 54/12 goup . reading fromthe telex , now . hi gg ns ' condor fire at we both . ' ( put down tel ex ) that be the only statement they could get from wcek before he go into the oper ating room ci VI lian and the other man -- barber ? he 's dead ? hi gg ns bef ore he hit the ground . QLD man ( wabash ) you should add that it be a remarkable shot : a half - inch above he fl ak - j acket . ci villi a be condor qualified wth a handgun ? hi gg ns ( scan fol der ) two year mlitary service . signal Corps , Fort monmouth : pvt , basic training ; pfc , Tel ephone - |ineman , | ong line ; tec 5 , swtchboard maintenance ... six month overseas ... separate 9/60 College on the G Bill ... nvr . wabash the question be , M. hggins , be he qualified wth a handgun ? h| gg ns ( beat ) no Sir ... M1 rifle and carbine . no handgun . it be sheer I uck ... ( close fol der ) q@ else ... convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 50 . -- a phone ring softly . M. wabash , answer it very quietly , listen . qut of deference to the old man , hggins be silent . but another man at the table , a mr atwood , press quietly : atwood q else what , M. hggins ... nvr . wabash ... condor be not the man he tape say he be ... ci VI lian then where do he | earn evasive nove ? almost afraid to say it : hi gg ns he ... read . civilian # 2 wat in hell 's that mean ? hl gg ns no . you do not understand . he read ... ever yt hi no . gvilian be about to protest again but M. wabash abort it wth a gesture ... and appreciatively , to hggins : mvr . wabash yes . very good . ( t hen ) have the Bureau try to get in yet ? hi gg ns | have a call from third Avenue , yes sir . | believe | buy we sore tire . cl villi a do they knowit 's a donestic Intelligence mat t er ? mr ... wabash they know ... but they will not bea probl they moderate anusenent fromthe other ; turn to a civilian : nvr . wabash what do counter Intelligence have ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 51 . atwood absolutely nothing , sir . nvr wabash ( beat , before ) ext raordi nary ! hel pl ess gesture from at wod . atwood it be very well execute . mvr . wabash ( not buy it ) wich require plan ... conmuni cati on track . | do not expect footprint but a blade of grass , a break twg soret hing di st you bed ! atwood yes , sir . ( a beat ; then ) wek seen to be al ! we have get . vr_ wabash wek be alive ... but will not be able to chat sensibly until tonorrow . ci VI lian be do we have hi n? h gg ns vé do not . he be rush to poosevelt erer gency before we get word . nvr . wabash ... which | eave condor . atwood werever he be . \vr_ wabash werever he be , indeed . atwood perhaps we should publicize the hospital . try to get condor to -- convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 52 . nvr . wabash let 's not expect too many mistake from this man : he sound nore interesting than just another of we reader / researcher . int . kathy ' S apart ment OPEN close on Kathy , sit motionless . Turner 's hold the gun . mr . wabash S ( V. 0 . ) for exanple : have he go into busi ness for himself ? be he turn around ? do someone operate hin ?. be hea honvsexual ? break ? vulnerable ? could he be a ... soldier of fortune ? do he arrange the hit ? be that why he 's still in flight ? Turner 's toss a plastic card on the coffee table . mr. wabash ( v._ 0 . ) ... still , he may be a innocent . but then : why do not he come in fromthe cold , gently , wth M. wck ? the card as she pick it up : we see a photo o turner under the word : tentrex | ndustries , and a emboss phone - nunber . kathy S vo ce tentrex industry ... turi ner S vo ce it 's a cover ... back to scene turner | work for the ga kathy ( hel pl ess | aught er ) qh , Jesus ... as he | ook around for a Manhattan phone - di rectory : kathy they ask you to go out and kidnap a girl ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 he toss the phone - book on the coffee -t abl e. turner look it up : tentrex . kathy Cone on . turner then look up the nunber for the gain New York . kathy y ' mean they be list ? like my aunt G ady ? but she 's be do it ... and find : kathy qk , it 's the same nunber . ( t hen ) you know , you could have -- turner make the card in a machine ! but | do not ... 53 . turner be now up , mowing around the apartment . he | ook off toward one wall . slow pan - still photo - turner S Pov the photo be pin to a corkboard wall . good picture : trick in devel oping , nothing stagey in composition . but there be a disturbing mood . a bit like that remarkable photo of Diane arbus . turner S vo ce ( refer to photo ) you be not exactly carefree , be you ? W der angle kathy Way should | be ? turner ( be : photo ) be this what you do for a live ? no convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 54 . kathy | photograph boot ! and shirt , and wstern-style pants ! for a mail - order house on 4th avenue . he 's be check through drawer , closet ... kathy you sure do get into it , do not you ? master- spy for the CIA ... he pull a couple of man 's shirt out of a closet . kathy sometimes ... somebody stay over . turner sane si ze . kathy | dig 15 - 1 / 2 , 34 . ( t hen ) wiat size be you ? Turner whirl . turner hey , wnat be you ?? a clown ! ? kathy I be scared ! turner so be !! kathy wat the hell be you scared for ? you have get the gun ! tupnler that 's the point ! she stare at he then begin to | augh at the incongruity of it . he sense it too , wpes he browwth he arm turner you be funny ... and you take picture of enpty street ... and no | eave on the tree . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 55 . kathy it 's wonter . he move to sink . pun water ina glass , drink , then raise the glass to he forehead . quietly : turner listen . | work for the ga 's I 'mnot a spy . | read nystery novel , adventure , journal , everything publish all over the world . wé feed the plot -- dirty trick , code , anything -- intoa computer , to check against actual CIA plan and qoeration . wé | ook for | eak . q new idea . ( no response ) wio would invent a job like that ? ( he read she expressi on ) you be right : a lunatic ! I probably do invent it ... but it be not be ... then , a outburst : turner hey ! people be try to kill be ! people | know kathy wo ? turner | do not know ( t hen ) but there 's a reason . there be a reason and | need sone quiet ... safe time to reason it out ... put thing together . kathy because they be after you ... you be after I . ( shrug ) that 's only fair . loud metallic clank - clank ! frombehind he the whirl abruptly . the radiator . he 's shake , slump wearily . favor kathy kathy I 'msure you be tired ... all that runni no . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 56 . turner ( eye close ; softly ) wo 's the guy wth the shirt ? kathy ( al way soot hi no ) do you mean who be he ? q do you want to know he nare ? turner ( small smile ) a K. kathy anyway , he 's at a ski place ... in the geen Mountains . turner ( 1 ongi nal y) geen Mountains . kathy ( a gentle pl ea ) ... we just want to go cross country ... a couple of week away fromeverythi no ... ( Turner just nod ) do you have a nane ? turner Joe Turner . ( check watch ) wat time 's the news go on ? kathy Seven . turner there 's a early one at six . ( check 's it I ) 40 minute ... camera move wth turner to a door , which he open , | ook into she bedroom turner Cone here . int . bedroom she do ; but as she get closer . a plea . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 57 . kathy listen ... turner lie dow . kathy pl ease . turner lie dow . she sit on the bed . he gesture : turner against the wall . he press she quiet onto the bed . turner you listen to I ! | amtire . | need to close ny eye . | can not think straight ! if you try to move or climb off the bed | promise I will hurt you . he release she ; stretch out beside she . beat . kathy can not you let I stay in the live room ..? he barely shake he head no . kathy .| believe what you tell be ... turner ( shake he head no ) do not matter . kathy I will let you rest . ( no response ; then ) do not you have any friend to help you ? ( no response ) tur ner ? turner shut up . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 58 . kathy ... Turner ? camera push closer on kathy . she stare at Turner whose eye be close . it be a strange kind of viol ence . CUT to . ext . besi do the potam C ri ver bare cherry tree ; gocb lamp li cht the mist ... and two figure strolling this esplanade . joqubert be check the content of a envel ope hand to himby the other man ... there be bill in evidence ... as they pass beneath a lanp we recogni ze the other man -- atwood ! the watch joubert count the money and : atwood ( a dig ) that include condor , of course . joubert yes -- | owe you condor . atwood qherwse , it be ... joubert " g@herwise ' do not exist . atwood wii condor take | ong ? joubert you want a esti mate ? atwood there be a time - factor . joubert Al way . ( t hen ) condor be a amateur : lose , unpredictable ... perhaps sentimental . he could fool a professional -- not deliberately , but precisely because he be lose and do not know what to do . unlike wck . who be entirely predictable . ( beat ) the man ... condor kill in the alley ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 59 . atwood sore friend of he . joubert a close friend ? atwood | suppose so . why ? joubert it interest I . what be he name ? atwood | do not know . he be nobody ... he be ... jqubert be suddenly aware of a young man & wovan woo have materialize -- quite close -- out of the river mist ; he instantly swtches to french : joubert ( in french ) he be someone to condor . find out he name ... and where he live . have it for I when | Tel ephone . atwood ( in french ) yes . all right . ( back to engl i sh ) wat about wcek ? jqubert do you really want the firmto question wck ? ( at atwood 's sil ence ) they wll , you know . atwood vw ... do not want that . joubert ( beat ) cost nothing . | be careless wth condor . wek will be do for nothing . int . kathy S apartment - N cht qn the CUT : close on Turner 's eye , stare , and he rapid breath ! no convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 60 . turner | think it be that flare smell ozone or gunpowder but it be she cigarette ... angle W dens to incl ude : kathy wose ? turner ( al most ranbl i no ) ... burnt through she dress ... into she skin -- who the hell chai n- smoke anymore ?!... and ... Janice ... hs hand nove up to he ow head : the gesture we see he make draw Janice 's hair away fromher face . kathy j ust watch he carefully . then suddenl y : turner wat tine be it ? kathy ( qui etl y ) newst i be . Turner get up off the bed . he wait for Kathy to preceed himinto the livingroom int . livingroom - ni ght she swtches on the tv , then curl up on a chair and watch turner a comercial cove on , then sore weather forecaster , Turner pace , vaguely . he study she photo . turner lonel y picture . kathy so? turner whnter ... not quite wnter . they | ook like novenber . kathy ( impressed at he obser vati on ) | never notice it before . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 61 . turner | like they kathy ... thanks . turner -- shh ! he wirl toward : qn tv - screen the anscni a HOTEL alley : oops at work , keep area clear , make chalk - mark , etc . also clearly present : clean CUT young ven in busi ness - suit oversee the police - work and keepi no tv - crewat a safe distance fromnost of the cop . tv reporter ... the shooting behind the ansonia hotel remain a conplete nystery at this hour . the victin ' identity -- close turner sharp reaction : turner mictim ?? tv reporter S vo ce -- have not yet be rel ease . turner victim ?? do he say ? tv reporter accord to a police spokesman , drug be not involved , and it do not seemto have be robbery . the tv reporter get past a clean - cut Young man and manage to thrust a mike at a police li eutenant pass by : tv reporter Lieutenant ?! can you tell we anything about the possi ble noti have ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 62 . li eutenant ( briefest glance at cl ean - cut man , before ) not at present . tv reporter ( pressi no ) have you identify the victim ? li eutenant ( stilted ) yes . they be employee of a large insurance conpany ... make a routine inspection for possi ble viol ation . tv reporter and the man who 's alleged to have shot they do he know the victim ? the lieutenant be about to answer , but : clean - CUT young man absol ut el y not . it 's as if . he say it for the Lieutenant ... and push he past the reporter 5m away . tv reporter so there we have it : one dead , one critically wounded ... in a alley on the west side of Manhattan . and the man wth the gun ... still at large . tv camera pan off tv reporter ... past the fall crate and gar bage - can ... hold on a chalk qutli ne o a body , be barber have be . angle - turner turner Sam ? tv reporter S vo ce Stan Roberts , eyewtness News , New York . moi no wth kathy she eye on Turner as she cli cks off tv . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 63 . turner he look ... chunky ! and he 's not ... ( t hen : ) but ... there be not much light ... he move to table , grab a sketch pad , begin to scribble line ... the outline of the alley . he rush on , a bit incoherently . turner but | hear he it be sam voice : ' Joe ! ' and then to the other guy : ' it 's he what be you doi no ?? ' ( t hen ) it be Sam he sound surprised ... but maybe ... he be mark be wcek be , in the alley , and hinself . turner ... maybe it go exactly the way it be suppose to go : wo be that other guy ??? hs incoherence alarm she . she almost touch he kathy take it easy ... you be all over the pl ace . turner | do not shoot he kathy ( qui et ! y) you shot somebody . you say . turner but ... not Sam kathy ... nobody in that alley say anything about the CIA ... turner they must have be there ! to change the whole story -- kathy wait a minute -- convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 64 . turner wo kill San ? it ... it have to 's have be the guy that shot at I ? who the hell be that guy ? samwas ny friend , he wfe I ... wall ... ( out of nowhere ) ... hggins say the other guy be , wait ! he would just cone in from vashi nat on ... ! ey 2 have to reach Sam and he would cal ! e.... favor kathy wat ching turner go to the phone , dial a nunber , wait : hel 10 ? wovan S voi ce ( mae ) of turner S gl ad to hear the voice ; he impulse be to speak - but soret hing warn himnot to . mae ' S vo ce hello ? ... wio be this ?? turner 's hang -up . he put on he coat . kathy be inmedi ately alert . turner | need you car . kathy that 's call gand theft ... you do not want to get in trouble wth the police . turner hey ?? | think you would quit cl owni no . turner t ake he own coat off , begin to search through she closet for something else to wear . he find a old navy pea jacket . turner this guy in vermont ? what will he do when you do not show up ? kathy probably call ... very soon , now . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 65 . turner ( but tone pea coat ) just a call ? dol ! have to worry about he cone back here toni ght ? kathy you be not entitle to personal question ! that gun just give you the right to rough I up ... turner have | rough you up ? kathy yes ! | be suppose to be have fun wth sone -- turner have 1 ? have | rape you ? ( t hen ) you surprised | have not rape you ? kathy alittle bit , yes . ( then resort to ) but the night be young . turner ( over ! ap ) Di sappoi not ed ?? kathy you louse ! ! they stare at one another a nonent . then qui etl y : turner you do not believe ... any of this do you ? beat ... then , quite differently ... but so warily . kathy | believe you be in trouble . danger . yes ... but | do not know wnat kind ... and |'m not sure how much of it be ... make up . ( qui ckl y ) Real ... but make up . suddenl y turner be al most | aughing , shaking he head . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 66 . turner wat the hell difference do it make ? the speed and force of he move shock she silent : he flip she around , tape she wist behind she and pull she toward : int . bathroom kathy you crazy ! bully ! om ow as he slam down the toilet - seat , shove she dow on it , tape she teg and wist to the piping . turner I will be back . kathy do not core back for I , you ... creep ! bum = darm you ! her effort spend , and she spirit ; she 's near tear . she sl unp , submit to the rest of what he do . just before he pl ace a cloth gag over she mouth : kathy this be ... unfair !! turner yes . ext . peter cooper village - ni ght establi sh the sprawing high - rise apartment conpl ex . angle to Kathy 's weoon to a stop , parking . headlamps go goff ... but no other activity for a beat . then turner get out , head toward one of the building . he know the way . int . apartnent bui ldi no lobby - ni ght smal | | obby , few people , turner go directly to mail box , wth narepl ate and bel ! - button , and the intercom above it . see one of they S. barber - 14f . int . elevator turner push button for floor 14 and 15 . Doors close . he 's alone in the car . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 67 . int . 14 th floor landi no turner step out , check | andi no both way , as he head for : angle on door - 14f turner reach it silently , listen at the door for a nonent ... then he brace himself , press button . bell sound from inside . sqund of woman 's footstep ... sto . int . barber 's apartivent - N ght mae barber open the door : she 's a quite young -- but somehow motherly -- woman ; childless . mae hey , you be early ! she start a easy embrace -- camera push closer on he face as he hold tight , prolong it ! ... what 's this ? mae head back to the kitchen , wth : mae Janice work | eat ...? shot - turner stop ! Silent . mae' vo ce ( for rom ki t chen ) so be Sam she do not know camera follom turner 's quick gl ance across the live room table 's set for four ! ... bak to turner , as mae ranble on , fromkitchen : mae 's S vo ce pour one for I , too , wll you , Joe ? it 's they own fault if we be zonk -- turner , stunne , have not move ; control he voice , over | appi no : turner how do you know ... samis work | eat ? sound of she cooking , etc. , all during : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 68 . mae' vo ce ( li ght ! y) think he 's up to something else ? Tom catting around ? camera move to KI tchen - entrance wth turner ... where he stop . she glance up at he -- he flash a enpty smlein response to she joke . turner Wen do he call ? mae 2 , 2:30 . maybe . hey ! let 's give they a hour ? if they do not show ... it 's you and not babe . ( si ngs ) " just like old time , da-da-da-da-dah ... " turner what would he tell you ? exactly . mae he do not exactly . have the Center call . turner wo , at the Center ? mae not mss randolph . she 's the one | usually get , wth the Baltimore accent : " he 's oot !'... no , this be a man . turner do you recogni ze he voi ce ? mae ( defi nit e ) she 's be check something in the oven , straighten to find himpreoccupy . a beat , before : mae . hey ? wrere 's we drink ? shrill ring no of Tel ephone . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 69 . new angle as mae move past turner fast ; she 's angry even before she pick up phone : hel | 0 ? not hi no ... then a click ... and a dial tone . she slam down phone : mae that 's the third dam tine toni ght ! turner go very still , in f.g. of fram . turner third time ...? mae sore creep burglar case the joint , that 's how they find out if -- turner | have to go . mae ( can not bel i eve ) wat ? what would | say ?? turner I 'msorry ! as she move to reach himat the door ; it 's all over ! appi no : mae wat 's the matter ? turner I 'mso sorry , mee ! mae waat about dinner ? what happen ? turner I will try to call ... but ... mae wat ? wat be it ?? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 70 . turner | can not ! I 'msorry ! goodnight , mae , | do not know ... when ... ( stop ; qui ckl y ) @od - no ght ! he 's go . int . 14 th floor land ! no in flight again , turner do not even check the hal ! way , move quickly to the elevator , press button . angle to indicator light : 18 ... 17 ... 16 ... as one car be come down . 10 ... 11 ... 12 ... of another cone up . SOUND of apart rent- door open : he do not want to turn ! but do : | nclude mae she 's stand in the open doorway . her concern for himis so clear and so sweet ... she say nothing . turner be stricken . he lower he eye . at that instant , the up elevator open . jqubert step out . jqubert ' S eye we see the flash of recognition : he know Turner fromthose phot ograph of alh peopl e . door of up elevator open . int . elevator turner push past the other passenger into the rear of the elevator . he turn to face the door and see ert smoothly in ! Doors close . this man 's odd behavior -- he quick round - trip -- reg ster on turner 's face ... but that 's all . he have nothing nore on joubert . turner | ook at joubert : he posture , the way he 's dress , the way he hair be trim . he learn nothing ... except perhaps he 's a foreigner ... -- and then joubert |ook at he a unreadable norent bet ween they ... joubert | ook away . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 71 . close on turner sweat , pull a handkerchief out of he pocket -- tinkling SOUND of soret hing hit the floor . joubert ' S vo ce ( in erench ) you key . startle to be speak to ! turner can not even deal wth the meaning of the word , just | ook at : favor joubert effortlessly scoop set of keys off the floor , hold they out to turner : turner qh yes ! ... thanks . and take the key . joubert do not mention it . suddenly the elevator stop . light above the open door : 5th floor . a lady get off , and 3 teenag kide pile into the car . they push all the button ; one kid smile at jqubert . no response . kid 4th floor : lady ' under wear ! Elevator stop , door open -- and the kide pile out , wth : #2 kid Bet we have to wait a hour ! kid Nah ! she will be ready . #3 kid S voce her name be freddy , she must be ready ! leavi no turner and joubert alone in the car . it seem to be take a lifetime -- stoppingat each floor . so , as if to fill the time : joubert kid ...! convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 72 . he shrug tolerance , resignation ; a kindly man . turner ( cal cul at es ) they different ? where you be fron ? France ? jqubert smile at turner 's guess : joubert corsi ca. ( then nod ) quite different . respectful . Elevator stop at thelobby floor . joubert step back to | et turner precede hi m turner do the sare , wth a gesture . joubert ( in erench ) | beg of you . turner ( st andi no fast ) pl ease ... a impasse ... joubert give in , walk briskly out : int . apartment lobby crowd and noi sy ; kide wait for other kid . dress for no ght -garres and party . jqubert be through the | obby and out of the building al nost bef ore turner step out of the el evator . ext . apartment covplex - ni ght in sudden contrast : quiet and dark and desert . turner step out of the building , hesitates , listen ... sonet hing enter f.g of frame -- obli terates our viewfor a morent , throws | T qut of foous -- then bring it I nto sharp focus agai N : ext . apartment build - close on turner ( gcbo a remarkably close , sovewhat grainy VI ew of turner S head and shoulder -- hai rli ne cali brati ons in ' scope clear agai nst hs head . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 73 . th S VI ew mwe away fromthe building wth turner | mage jar slightly , as we hear a weapon be cooked for fire ... steadies again , tracki no turner ... along the curving path , tomrd first Avenue ... turner 's suddenly lost from view -- other face and form race through FI eld o vision , in and out of focus ! KI DS ! joubert ' S voi ce ( a whi sper ) merde ! ext . apartment covplex - another angle - ni ght turner 's overtaken by the kide . sense the protection they afford , he quicken he pace , walk to keep anong they as they head toward the light and traffic of first Avenue . shot - joubert weapon | owere ; start to move forward out of conceal nent -- a small , private parking - area for tenant . ext . first avenue - N ght as turner detach hinself fromgroup , duck into vw moving W th joubert across compl ex , toward first Avenue , the weapon conceal ed , now . int . kathy S vww - N ght turner KI cks over the eng ne , j ackrabbit into traffic -- car horn in protest ! squealing of brake , curse ! ... but nothing spoil the | ook of relief on turner 's face : safe ! ext . kathys vw - long VI ew - ni ght already half lose intraffic !... camera pan hold close on joubert : he slow to a stop . the det aches ' scope fromhis weapon , bring it up to he eye , qui ckl y: convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 74 . ext . first avenue traffic ( gobq - N ght the scope VI ewpan past other car , past kathy 's S vw back to |t again -- lost from VI ew beh nd other car -- in VI ewagain ... and then the li cense - plate bring | nto sharp focus ! hold on it for a beat , before : abrupt CUT to . int . kathy ' S li VI ngroom - ni ght empty ; dark , except for a small table - lamp . under it , phone ring no angle to front door : SOUND of key insert in lock ... beat then the door fly open and turner bound in , | ow he gun ready ... not hing but the ring no phone . he kick the door shut , | ock it quickly ... MI no W th turner fast ! ... to the kitchen , where he pick up a knifer then to : bathroom kathy s_ half - off the |id-down toilet -- she 's apparently make some effort to free herself . but she wist and ankle be still bound back . her eye blaze at turner above the washcl to h- gag ! the phone RI no no persist . kathy tighten , as turner hurry to she , slip the cold steel of the knifebl ade under the tape hold she gag in place . the slashes it ; she spit out the cloth . he do not free she wist but do cut she ankle |oose and -- about the | nsi stent RI no no phone : turner | want you to answer it ! kathy you answer it ...! MI no wth they kathy ... tell they what a brave sonof abitch you be ! turner push she ahead of he ... into : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 75 . the bedroom and shove she on to the bed , near enough to the r'ngng phone . wth she wist still bound , turner wll have to hold the phone against she ear -- but he press the nuzzle of the gun against she other ear before he do : turner be nice , and natural . and lift receiver so they can both hear , and she can talk : kathy hel | 0 ? man S vo ce ( fl lter ) be the hell be you ?? despite he tone , kathy close she eye wth the pleasure of hearing he voice : kathy ( al most in tear ) Ben ... ? BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) wo would you think it be ? kathy ( pl ain , qui et ) ben. BEN S vo ce ( FI lter ) you be suppose to be up here by now kathy | know . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) but y' have not even leave ! kathy | be ... hold up . turner j abs the gun into she ear . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 76 . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) held up ?? that 's no excuse ! do not this trip matter to you at all ...?? kathy ( rrove ) it matter . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) yeah .... kathy ( hear skepti ci sm it do ... BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) it 's happen before ... last minute soret hing ... kathy ... this be different . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) wat 's the holdup ? what could ..? turner S mouthed the word for her : kathy the car -- BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) wat about it ? kathy busted ... dow ... BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) wat ' bust ed ' ?? agai n : turner mouth i nstructi on : kathy -..generator ... go . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 77 . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) ahhhh hell ! ! that '!l! take forever ! kathy ( look at turner ) maybe not . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) better take a bus up in the norn . kathy iilow .. try. BEN S vo ce ( filter beat , before ) y ' sound funny . be everything ok ? kathy yes . it 's xk BEN S vo ce ( filter another beat ) y still do not sound so hot . kathy I 'msore ! turner press the gun closer . kathy ...at the delay ... and you do not under st and . .. BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) ah yes | do , babe , sure | do . ( then ; more inti mate ) just di sappoi not ed . ( t hen ) y ' know ... | really want to be wth you up here . somehow he tone make she feel the eroticismof she own position : bound , overpower by a armed stranger , he wei ght against she . she 's helpless . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) Toni ght , babe ? y ' know ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 78 . kathy ( gl ance at Turner ) | know . vé will have time . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) gt the first bus out in the norn . kathy ...@odni ght , sweetheart . BEN S vo ce ( fl lter ) yeah ... sweet drean . kathy j ust nod ; she eye never turner he hang up . they be very close ; neither of themnoves for a nonent turner get up , turn off light , pull aside the curtain : ext . brooklyn hei ghts - N ght shoot ! no through the darkened wndow the street of brownst one be quiet , desert . he leave the curtain open , the roomlight out . he sit on the bed . the regul be SOUND of she breathe , the only SOUND , be hypnotic : he make no nove to free she tape wist ; nor do she ask . spend , he do not even bother to pursue he own think ; they drift , like paper boat . then : turner listen , I will be go . ( she 's sil ent ) in the norni no . kathy wer e? he shrug : he do not know . kathy we it all right ? turner all right ? kathy qutside ; be it safe ? wherever you go ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 79 . turner ( t hen ) I be not sure . oh . kathy ( | ook away ) gd | wsh I know nore ... it turn he kathy about you ... and yesterday . and today . turner ( qui et ) | do not remenber yesterday . today ... it rain . kathy ( st rangel y) wy would you have to lock not up . he look at she wth a " you know wy . " kathy you think I would call the police . ( he nod ) ... would you have ? he feel the answer be no ; it almost share he kathy ( shake she head ) | would not have . turner why ? kathy every once in a wile | take a picture that be not like I . but | take it , soit be like I , it must be ! ( then , qui ckl y ) | put that picture away . turner do you tear they up ? she smile , make a slightly self - deprecate gesture : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 80 . kathy - no. turner I would like to see that picture . kathy vé do not know each other that well . turner D you know anybody that well ? her silence say no . she 's startle at he observation . look at hima nonent , then : kathy | do not want to know you very well . | do not think you be go to live much | onger . turner | may surprise you . ( t hen ) anyway : you be not tell the truth . kathy what do you mean ? he consider not tell she , but : turner you would rather be wth someone woo 's not go to live much | onger ... ( smile ) at least someone woo would be ... on he way . ( t hen ) the man in vermont want to stay . and you be afraid . kathy ( barely audi bl e) I be not afraid of Ben . turner you joke . instead of ... take it . you take picture . enpty street . novenber . ( long pause ) wy have not you ask not to cut that tape on you wist . she 's silent . breathlessly aware of howclose he be to she . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 81 . kathy how ... much ... do you want ? turner | just ... want ... to ... stopit , for a few hour , for the rest of the night . he begin to unbutton she blouse , very slowy . turner and then I will go . in the norn . she barely nod : kathy ... that 's almost no tine at all Bet ween fri end . she slip she shoe off . close on the detail . her hand still bound behind she begin to struggle wth the tape . hs hand reach around and tear the tape . camera follovs close as she hand slowy encircle he | ntercut wth that sad and |onely photograph of hers . the cut accelerate into a montage of | ovemaki no . after a beat canera pan off they ... across the STREET lanp - lit floor ... hold on the with ndow . | nt. bedroom later . kathy be asleep . turner be not there , but fromthis angle we see lamli gh fromthe |i vi ngroom int . livingroom - daw he 's be work under lanmpli ght on a sketchpad that he 's find anong Kathy 's photographic stuff . caivera push closer on rad . there be many doodl es , erasure , quick sketches . W read the followng : ( note : the line and / or X 's be intenti onal ) alh ht : soret hi no in bui | di no ? no . because heidi gger hit at hone ??? information ??? what infor mati on ? wo want it ? why ? alley : section chief . m section chief . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 82 . wh idh h 2 ? wss he ny section chi ef ? do hggins say he nane ? wat the hell be he nane ? possi ble : do he hit alh house ? hl S own pecple ? why would he ? 1 . lvposter ( no ) 2 . doubl e-agent ? maybe . 3 . amstake ( not ) 4 . |s the bastard alive . ( phone Roosevelt hosp ) ! shot over turner think ... wite ... doodling . at one point he wite : secti on ch ! ef , WASHINGTON , D. c. ... and circle it . then , he wite : alh link wth d.c .?? wat ? only via NY CENTER .. close on turner remenber something : camera mwe wth himto he raincoat . he search pocket -- find that paper Dr. lappe hand he wth the |unchlist , the ' negative report 's about ‘his theory 's . camera push closer as he unfold it , smooth it out : close - report ve can read its classification : confi denti al . and : to. 9/17 from NY cen subject : report / condor local evaluati on : Intelligence support from other source : g2 : NI ac : N | NSA : NI concl usi on : negative . however , since literary and machine docurent ation by condor be consistent , NY cenis herew th forward copy condor report to hoga , langley , attn : Chief , section 17 . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 83 . shot - turner hs eye race to the bottom of sheet : report - turner S Pov ve read : cc : wcks , j.w turner S vo ce wek ... MI no W th turner to sketchpad . we see hmcircle word " section ch ef " again ... then drawan arrowto it , and wate in the margin : swwcks . and beneath that : a double-head arrow , at one end : alh ; at the other : DC . and then he scraw : " possi bl e connection : possible motive ! " then he see Kathy novi no toward the kitchen . int . KI tchen Turner hold sketchpad . he watch she . she know he be look no but she say nothing . do not acknow edge he inally : kathy y ' do not sleep well . turner you do not ? kathy you do not . you be up early . turner | have sone thought ... ( indi cate pad ) | , uh , have a plan that mght work . ( beat ) |... need you help . kathy have | ever deny you anything ?? turner ( softly ) hey ... convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 84 . kathy ( sorry she say it ) Wen thing quiet dow ... you be really a sweet man to be wth . ( t hen ) you have bad dream you tal ked . turner wat do ! say ? kathy wo 's jani ce ? ( beat as Turner stare at she ) wis she a volunteer or a draftee like I ? turner she be a friend . she 's dead . kat hy |ook at hima nonent . then can not help : kathy do | have permission to take a shower ? turner you do not have to help , you know . kathy do not worry , you can always count on the old spy - fucker . turner I 'msorry . he move quickly to gather he thing and leave . Kathy nove after he maybe take he arm she shake she head . kathy | do not mean ... | can not helpit . | do that . ( beat bet ween then ) I ... want to help . qk ? ( he put he thing dow ) I will just be a minute . watch the coffee . she start toward the bathroom int . roosevelt hospi tal - day convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 85 . a pati ent be wheeled by on a gurney . overhear snatch of conver sation between a doctor and nurse who be acconpanyi no it . over this sick person 's formhe be try to persuade she to meet himtonight at maxwell 's plum or Fridays . int . | ntensi ve care moni tori no room Soft noise begin as battery of instrument start do thing . a couple of nurse react sharply to the light and die curve . 1st nurse 18 . be not that --? 2nd nurse yes ! they push button to alert the teamto a critical emergency . angle on coffeepot on kathy ' S stove it perk away . sqund of running shover fromthe bathroom Turner appear and pick the pot up . the doorbell ring . Turner be instinctivel y jumping back fromsight when he sees : Pov through W ndow to ext . apartment a mailman st and there , pouch sling over shoulder . the be short and stocky . he be the sare mailman who lead the hit on alh house . hs name be lloyd . the be seeing turner too , for he nod dawn at himwith a friendly smile and sho a smallish package . angle on turner he go to the front door . about to open it , he renenber the .357 stick in he waistband . he hde it , hastily , under cushion of couch , open door lloyd Morning ! insure package for katharine hal e. turner wil ... she 's in the shower -- lloyd that 's ok you can sign for it . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 86 . and he hand hima ball point . turner start to wate the pen just scratch dry . lloyd ( wth a | augh ) government pen ... un ] i nal no he pouch , he pat he pocket : no other pen or penci | . turner I will get one . turner DI sappear i nto ki t chen . lloyd shut door behind he kneel , whip silenced sten gun out of mail - pouch , mwe forward ... as he reach for arning - | ever : shot - turner | N KI tchen reach for pencil attach to shopping -!ist hear a sharp clack - twang ! he spin -- see mailman in doorway . in one notion he hurl the pot of boil coffee into the mailman 's face . mai livan throw up he hand to protect he face --! the sten gun go flying turner & the mailman - vari qus angle turner | urch after it -- the mailman S foot trip he the start up again , glimpsis something over he shoulder , duck quick again -- just in time ! because the mailman literally plies over turner wth a flying side KI qk that would have break he neck ! the mailman | and on a scatter- rug -- slide , go dow ! he may be a bit out of practice -- but he 's still up faster than turner , and ready ! turner look dow at the sten gun : he 's a little closer to it than the mailman ... but know he would never have a chance to fire it before the mailman d kick himto death . . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 87 . mai lan look at turner ... and the sten gun ... and smile . make a bizarre , exotic , move : he test the hardwood floor wth the tip of he shoe -- a black loafer , which turner should have not i ced . mai lvan & turner as the mailman kick off he shoe ... and drop into a stance : leg bent , fist clench , leave armin front -- perpendicular to the floor -- right armheld close to the wai st . turner can not believe it 's go this way ... but try to imtate the stance . the mailman nove sl owy forward ... turner circle away to the right ... they be 15 foot apart ; the mailman close to 10 ... 8... and at 6 , make he move : angle the mailman yell , feint a back -hand slap wth he leave ... anti ci pate turner 's duck to the right , he spin in a three - quarter circle on the ball of he leave foot -- send he right |eg shoot up at turner 's head . somehow it just hit turner 's swinging shoulder , send he against the wall and as he bounce off , he 's NI cked on the leave el bow by the mailman 's feroci ous followup handchop ! doorway to bathroom kathy -- stare in di sbeli ef ! turner & mai livan mailman 's back be to kathy ; he drop into he stance again turner 's numbe | eft arm twtches at he side . kathy mowe fast ! -- into the KI tchen , cone out wth a carving kn fe , head toward the livingroom ... and the mailman 's back . but -- mai lan -- spin . hs | ow gutteral cry stop kathy ! then he qu ck shuffli no at tack force her back ... convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 88 . she 's stop by the couch -- hs leave foot snap up and knock the knife out of she hand ! and chop ! he leave knuckl es split the skin over she cheekbone -- send she against the couch , stunne ! the mailman 's already spi nni no tomrd turner again , when -- chu - chu - chu - chu ! = the sane | et hal SOUND hear in the alh -- and the mailman be slam '' ed over the couch , against the wal ! and dom to the floor behind the couch . turner lower the sten gun ... but hold tight to it , to keep from shaking apart ... he mwe to the couch : there 's sore bl ood under kathy 's eye and she 's r'gd , freeze . Wen he touch she , she shake she head no ! sharply , once , continue to stare ... canmera move wth turner , as he force himself to go behind the couch and search the dead mai lvan : he feel sonethe in one of the pocket , manage to pull it inside out : a key hit the floor ... and a SMALL square of heavy paper , tear off a meno - pad . camera push closer as he gl ance briefly at the key , drop it into he pocket ... then look at the paper : across the top |s printed : continent | mport , LNG and under that , handwritten : 840 - 6311 X - 1891 new angle turner rise from behind the couch ... see that kathy have not nove . turner please get dress , this place be no good ... he go to the phone , dial . we hear ringing then : wovan S voi ce stella bouti que . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 89 . turner 1891 , pl ease . wovan S vo ce pardon nme ? turner be this 840-6311 ? wovan S vo ce yes . who 's this ? turner there 's no extension 1891 ? wovan S vo ce vw be lucky we have any phoneservice at -- turner sorry . he 's already DI sconnected , think ... then : dial ' 0 ' . operator S vo ce qver at or . turner the area-code for Washington DC , pl ease ? operator S vo ce that 's 202 . he disconnect , dial , wait ... wovan S vo ce ( fl lter ) shot turner hal f-beat , before : turner cia , langl ey ? exactly as she answer before : wovan S vo ce 6311 . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 90 . turner ... extension 1891 . ring rng then : man S vo ce 1891 . turner ... let I speak to wck . measurable delay , before : man S vo ce wo 's call he pl ease ? closer and closer on turner 's face ... as he put nore and more together ... and beg ns to hear cli CKI no of equi pment he just hold the phone , until : man S vo ce hello ? ... listen , I will be glad to take a message . wek be out of the office right now , but he will call back , can you give not y -- turner DI sconnect . he 's no long smile ; he look be stricken -- as if he would be wtness to a assassi nati on : unbel i evabl e! but too vivid to believe . W der angle - kathy and turner she 's get up ... stop , now , by he expression . kathy wat be it ... turner it 's ... it go all the way up to langl ey ! kathy wat ?? turner ( abr upt | y ) gt ready . hurry ! convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 91 . ext . world trade CENTER - full VI ew ( helicopter ) - day establi sh|ng twin tower and they | ocation in lower Manhattan . mowing closer we hear : mr_ wabash S vo ce ( thru speaker - phone ) D you think he 's go double ? ... or dirty ? h gg ns 's voce ( not thru speaker - phone ) | do not know , sir ? int . higg@ns ' office in CIA , NY cen - day he 's at the wndow , a speaker phone arrangenent on the desk behind he thru it we hear : mr wabash S vo ce do you think he 's still in New York gty ? h gg ns | would not be . ext . / 1 nt. kathy ' S car - day mowing across the brookl yn Bridge tomard manhatt a - kathy waat would you do to then ? turner I be not sure . ( t hen ) | file a report . a guy in washi nat on read it get ona helicopter ... and cane to New York to shoot not . kathy take it personally . ( t hen ) do you know hi n ? turner no . kathy do you know ... ( gesture behind then ) ... the mail man ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 92 . turner no . kathy ... then you will not know the next one , ei the . turner I be not go to wait . int . the QLD ornate room - day mvr . wabash , atwood present ; and the same speaker phone set - up as in hggins ' office . hhghns ' voce in any case , we have have he desk and he last week 's work seal for study . atwood ( alert ) how soon wll you get to it ? h| ggns in new york h gg ns this afternoon . mvr . wabash S vo ce he do seemrather expert to be entirely cl ean . ornate room h g@ns ' voce he may just learn fast , sir atwood q be teach damme well . and plant . year ago ... for just this opportunity . back to hi gg ns hi gg ns wat opportunity ? ( beat ) see , that 's what bug I , M. wabash : what could he have do fromthe literary soci ety ? why plant hi mthere ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 93 . ext./1 nt. kathy 's S vw hi ghwy , tip of manhattan - day turner that 's all | report : the storey be be transl ated into this odd group of | anguage . ( quote , fromnenory ) query : be there a intelli gence - network -- previ ousl y undetected by CIA -- link certain arabic-speak country wth Spanish and dutch speaki no . kathy wo wote the storey in the first place ? turner different phony name . that 's not unusual . beat of silence . kathy ... maybe you ought to run . ( indi cate road ahead ) ... instead of this . turner they figure I to run . she just shake she head slowy , almost sadly : kathy spy ... int . ornate room nvr wabash concl ude the condor episode : and without any more noise . w're already visible ; let 's not become conspi cuous . ( t hen ) |f company agent be not enough , use ena ance . use whatever it require . no it . CUT to . back to h gg ns | N new york SW tches off hs speaker - phone . thoughtful . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 94 . ext./1 nt. kathy 's S vw - day they be off the highway , move past battery Park , other poi nts in lower Manhattan . he make a turn , slow toa sto : they have arrive . Turner look toward she . she put she hand on the door handle . then : kathy you be not exactly a ideal boyfriend , you know . turner can we get this over wth ? she get out of the car . turner kat hy . ( she st op ) thank you . a solen | ook on she face . she move away . int . cla , NY - corridor - day track ! no beh | nd 2 CIA -men ... they stop at hggins ' office , push door OPEN : h ggns , still distract , |ook up . ci a man lunch ? h| gg ns shake he head no . they let he door close ... camera resuve tracki no cl a - men ... through glass SW no no door ... along conti nuation of corridor ... then , as they pass under a sign personnel dept screen interview camera stop , SW ngs for VI ew through cpen door to personnel office : among people fill out application -- be kathy ! she 's just hand a compl eted appli cati on -formto : | ntervi ewer 4th door to you leave , mark ' cgearance ' . see M. addison . kathy addi son . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 95 . MI no wth kathy along corridor . vwé read -- wth she -- a signon a door : clearance ... and the nare addi son . she keep right on go , conspi cuousl y sw ngi no the appl i cati on - formin she hand . we moe wth her through a area mark : GREEN badge area she keep nove ... stop at door mark : dep . DI rector and the nare hggins . she knock . hi g@ ns 's voce Cone in . she push OPEN the door : timid , have trouble read application in she hand ; barely | ook at he kathy unhh ... M. addi son ? h| gg ns ( back to work ) ( learance . you pass it . you eft . kathy thank you . she back out . camera stays , hold on hggn : slight bit troubled , call after she : h gg ns -- and stay the hell on the other side of the geen Area ! the door 's cl ose . pushcart hot - dog stand - long VI ew the vw park near it . turner 's at the stand , eat , wait , freezing . all still in long view kathy nove gui ckl y thru traffic to join he they talk : we dont hear then they separate . ext . world trade CENTER - day across a busy intersection turner watch : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 96 . kathy - long view - turner S Pov she nod . camera pan to follow her gaze ... hold on h gg ns leave wrld Trade Center ... wth another man shot - turner wat ching the two nen walk a short distance ... they separate ! he | ook at : kathy as the wo man pass she , she make a nasty face , a thunbs - down good ure . on turner he nod , and signal she to execute step # 2 of the plan he devi sed : W der angle - | ntersecti on kathy fol | ow hggn on foot . turner get into vw kick over eng ne . int . bar & gaill - day crowded . hi ggns have find hinself in acorner ... but it 's a guy ck turnover |unch - pl ace ; people share table . so hi ns just glance up , briefly , as she sit across fromhim -- then |ook up sharply again , remenberi no the face ! she snile . kathy yep . ( t hen ) | do not get the j ob . he say nothing ... but he eye scan the bar behind she . kathy look good . ( t hen ) but , | have this friend ; he tell be to tell you something . quote . ( t hen ) dear M. hggins , this wll introduce a friend of mine : sparrow Hawk . ( as kat hy ) ( more ) convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 97 . kathy ( cont 's D ) -- | do not understand that part of the message , do you -- ( back to it ) please acconpany she to the wst Street exit of this place . now . ( as kat hy ) personally , I would do it . see , because he 's get this huge gun and he can see we wth it right now while we be talk ... ! h gg ns keep eat , stalling . kathy move she hand sl owy to the glass of mle ik and pour it over he corn - beef sandw ch . kathy ( flat ; qui et ) ooops. ( she st and ) shall we ? h gg ns wipe he nouth : hi gg ns wy not ? you be cute as hell . full shot - restaurant ooveri no they move through the crowd to a short hall way past the kitchen , | ead to a side - door . ve see hi ggns step outside , | nto daylight -- and something fast happen to he ext . bar & grill - day turner grab h gg ns and drive himthrough the open door vw park at the curb , and face - down on the floor behind the front seat ! he use force , fear , the .357 -- whatever it take . the car 's idling as kathy hurry along beside they turner ... drivel int . kathy S car - day h| gg ns make a move to push out the other side bef ore kathy can get she door cl ose . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 98 . turner try it , I would love youtotry it ! try anyt hi no ! he j am hi ggns down again , kathy slam the car-door shut and they be away . ext . kathy ' S car - day head ! no west and north . turner sit up . hi gg ns wat be y' do ? i| 'mnot armed ! int . kathy ' S car - day Turner 's search hggins ' clothes -- nore carefully than for a gun : turner they could be DF - ing we ... if you have get a transmtter sewn into you -- h gg ns dam ! you do read ever yt hi no ! stop , physically silenced by Turner : turner it 's no God damme book . something 's -- someone be rotten in the company . h gg ns y ' never complain ... until yesterday . turner y ' begin kill ny friend yesterday ! Turner 's catch by he own word . stop himself . beat . hi gg ns ( nod toward kat hy ) wo 's she ? turner ( ignore it ; over ! ap ) wo hit the lit soci ety ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 99 . hi gg ns vé have a big meeting about that ... and you name cane up . Turner 's hand the page fromthe memo pad to h ggns . hi gg ns ( in be paper ) be would you get this ? turner five continent ? rng a bell ? ( t hen ) | take it fromthe mail man . h gg ns mai | man ? turner the one you send ... wth the gun . h gg ns vé do not use mai ! ren. turner he have that piece of paper in he pocket . h gg ns ... wat 's he | ook |i ke ? Turner 's pull a photograph out of he - pocket : turner right now -- like this ! camera push close on : still - photo of stare , dead mai ! man , behi no couch in Kathy 's apartment . hggins take the picture . camera favor h gg ns : he expression unr eadabl e . turner ... you would not also happen to be acquainted wth a very tall man . six - four , blonde hair strong like a farmer . he 's ' not american . have a accent . country . toward Germany . maybe Al sace - lorraine . h ggins |ook at Turner , now , nonent ... then quietly : h gg ns all right , Turner ... what have you get ..? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 100 . int . HOTEL - room - sqvevhere close on package of camel . a hand open it , take out a cigarette . camera mwe up to joubert be nouth wth it . he light up : we see he impassive face | ook out of darken no window -- at the Brooklyn Bridge . phone r'ng . it 's ona table near the wndow so he keep | ook out , across the East River , during : jqubert yes . atwood S ( v.o ) ( fl lter ) wis the letter deliver ? jqubert the return-recei pt have not arrive . atwood S ( v.o ) ( fl lter ) you should have deliver it yourself . joubert a ... more conpli cate package have to be handle . but | may have under esti mat ed this one . atwood S ( v.q ) | be tell you never make that kind of mis st ake . ( beat ) wat wll you do ? jqubert vai to atwood S ( v.q ) for what ? joubert people who nove ... | eave word of Change - of - address . he hang up . ext . footbri dge over the east river - long VI ew a arc of light green steel |inking Manhattan to anislandin the river . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 101 . shoot ! no past kathy in she park car , in f.g. of frame : have see h ggins and Turner far out on the bridge . as camera move closer -- losi no kathy -- we hear : turner Cone on , hggins ... do you know hi n ? h gg ns ( beat ) pr of essi onal ly . turner prof essi onally he kill peopl e! h gg ns yes . turner he work for the company ?! h| gg ns he do . once . he 's a freelance . ( t hen ) be do you see hin ? Turner |ook , shake he head no ; he 's trust people | ess . h gg ns ... it would help if | know where . turner ( oni nous : ) wo would it hel p? beat . Turner 's put thing together ... almost | augh at a deducti on : turner you guy hire help : |ike English butler and finnish maid and irish nanny -- killer from Al sace ! ( t hen ) wio ' d hire hi m now ? h gg ns anybody . turner terrific answer . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 102 . h gg ns -| would not accept it , either . turner ... how good be he ? h gg ns I be surprised you be here . Turner meet he gaze ; then , hard . turner wo would hire he hggins . | mean , y' do not look up joubert in the yel ! ow page . h gg ns ... 1t would have to be someone in the community . turner communi t y ? h gg ns the Intelligence field . turner ( soft | augh ) Community ...! ( then , at h ggi ns ) Boy , you people be ... kind to yourselves ! ' Community ! hi gg ns let 's see that report . turner it go up to headquarters and di sappear ed . hi gg ns wo read it ? turner you mean besi de wck ? ( beat ) you tell I . | pick up trace of what | think 's a intelligence network the conpany do not know about . | report it . ( beat ; then ) now why would that make anybody mad ? ( more ) convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 103 . turner ( cont ' D ) ( pause ) unless it be the company 's network . and you do not want it blow , not even to you own guy . hi gg ns ( mond racing ; but qui etl y : ) ... what do headquarters say ? turner see that 's the thing . they say no , nil . there 's nothing to it . ( t hen ) but if there 's nothing to it ... why do the roof fall in ? why kill people ? a boat vh'stle reach themfroma distance , it seem to quiet everything , quiet Turner : turner now somebody 's | ying . Cone on , hggins , why be everybody so shy ? h gg ns ( t roubl ed : ) I be not shy ... but | do not know . and that worry not . turner ask wck . h gg ns wek di ed . Turner 's shocked . hi gg ns someone yank himoff the |i fe-support system at Roosevelt . turner ( flat ) gt rein . h gg ns ... what good would that do ? ( Turner be stunne ) if you be right , and they be inside the company ... what good would it do to bring you in ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 104 . turner then ... what 'ml ! suppose to do ? h gg ns I 'msorry ... stay out , keep busy . turner ( grow no anger ) | get it : you want not to drawfire . I be suppose to play one of that peri nya , cade bear ? ... parade back and forth wait for somebody -- somebody very good ! -- to take another shot ! and you be go to hang around and pick himup j ust before he do it ! ... or just after ?! h| gg ns ( over ! appi no ) I tmgoing to try to find out what 's go on . turner ( abrupt ; start away ) nce talk to you . have a nice day . Turner 's move away ; hggins have to shou : hi gg ns I be go to crosscheck that people you give I , and then -- turner you do that . h gg ns hey ! where be you go ?? Turner ! how I ! | find you ?? turner ( move to the car through a cold wi no ) I will find you . ext . york avenue in the 60's - hgh angle - N ght Kathy 's car turn off the FDR drive , pull into a gas station . during this move : kathy D you trust hin ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 105 . reaching into he pocket for money , Turner feel that key he take out of the mailman 's pocket . he turn it over and over in he hand . turner | do not know ... ( t hi nki no ) he call I Turner -- instead of condor . he do not insist on that codenane crap . maybe he 's not ... 100 % pre-sol d : company man . kathy do he trust you ? turner ( al most | augh ) no . he 's in the suspi ci on - busi ness . kathy that 's what | mean : they be all ... real spy ! how could anybody , you know , sneak in ? and fool then ? turner nobody do . kathy then . ..? turner wat if there 's another cl a? ( beat ) Inside the ga int . mach ne - room cl a , langley angle on two computer : Di splay screen , si de by si de : flash no on ' a' screen : = poli ce photo of dead mailman behi no couch , in Kathy 's apartment . set of fingerprint . a rush of classi fl cat ] on number , fol | owed by : a live headshot of the mailman , sol eml y facing camera : he 's wear a US marine corp uniform legend beneath : wlli am lloyd gunnery sergeant , usno 320 - 618 hold for a beat ; replace on screen by : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 106 . detached service : cia lebanon 1967 - 9 / opn li bya / 1970 / copn venezuela / 1972 - 3 / opn h gghns ' voce ( softly ) I will be darn ... . angle to h ggns , watch the displ ay . _ fowmer beside he he finger move smoothly over the controlkey that punch up | mage pull ed from card and tape , part of a enormous menory bank of conputer visible inbg h gg ns all right . nowcross - run he tape against wck ' , on the ' b’ screen . as fower 's finger begin to move in new pattern : h gg ns ... hold any intersect .... on the screen | mage and word flash -- too fast to read on the si de - by - side screen . brief hold , when both screen read : hat size : 7 anot she UN - match ! no run -- hold again when both screen read : cl G preef : camel ( non FI lt ) anot she DI zzyi no run of | mage -- again hold : both read : bei rut , lebanon 9 - 9 - 69 in re luci fer 2 h g@ns ' voce yeah ! pun lucifer 2. fowler S vo ce coni no up . after a series of vhiraing sound , signify change of relay , tape , etc . : | denti cal film start running on the Lloyd and wck DI splay screen -- one maybe a couple of frame ahead of the other for visual interest . what we see : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 107 . ext . narrow STREET , the near east - night scene be bei no photographed on | nfrare film by a camera you can imagine be concealed sonewere . a man of joubert 's general build emerge froma shop -- sign in arabic above it . just before we can see he face , he pause to light a cigarette . the effect of lighter on | nfrare film 1s dramatic : flare out the whole | mage ! ... but then subsi des as the man snap out he lighter , get into a car park at curb ... car blows up ! disintegrate ! as piece rain down : freeze frame and super save legend on both screen : term nation : freelance agent G jqubert / confirm by case offi cer : jwwcks and asst : W lloyd shot - h gan sort this information , fitting it into what he already know -- like a card - player arrange he hand . he head out ! int . locksm th shop - ni ght locksm th ( shout i no ) all | know . it 's a hotel - room turner ( shout i no ) wat hotel ? a autovati C keyivaki no machi ne operate no sily . locksm th uncl amp _a key , start rasping off rough edge , work as he and turner talk about the key | ying on the counter bet wen they it 's quieter . locksm th there 's no tag ! it 's room819 -- in the gty of New York . turner ( offer key ) ... there 's a code - nunber out into the edge . locksm th ( wary ) you in the trade ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 108 . turner | read it ina story ... locksm th there 's a story about | ocksmth ? turner ... 1t 's the | ock - manufacturer 's code ; he can tell you what hotel ... locksm th | do not want to read about you in the paper , sonny ... but he 's slip the key under a bright li gt on the counter . turner ( like a conf essi on ) qkay ... agirl ... leave the key at ny place ... never let I know where she live . then she split | think maybe if | know the hotel ... they would have a for or war di no - address . locksm th that be the worst story | ever hear ...! you be sure no crook ! turner know he j ust need one nore push : turner make the call . they would not tell be but they would tell you ... ( tap metal pernit ) you be a license | ocksmi th . he lay a $ 20 bill on the counter . ext . new york CITY SI do STREET - N ght at one of the thousand of hol es-in - the - ground in New York qty : GREEN plastic to protect it fromthe wnd , a warn no lanp and a equi pment trailer -- everything mark new york telephone covpany property . bri lli ant work - li ght . vhi le the tvo werker be preoccupi ed , turner pull a touch tone test set and a flashlight out of they trailer ... convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 109 . ext . electron cs store - ni ght shoot ! no through window we see kathy buy a small tape - recorder and maybe a couple of small accessory . ext . HOTEL excelsior - N ght a shabby , ordinary , 8 - story hotel . feature a wndow beneath the ' X of " excelsior ' . wé may see joubert at that window , snoki no . angle dow to street ... drectly bel ow joubert 's room wal king close to the building , be turner Fe disappear into servi ce - entrance . int . excelsi or basement turner crouch in front of a open telephone term nal BOX . he cl amp the steal touch tone test - set across a pair of wre , tap out 8 - 1 - 9 . hold he breath -- it almost burst from he when he hear from testset : joubert ' S voi ce yes ? turner ( into test - set ) |' mdo a survey : do you beli eve that the condor be really a endangered speci es ? turner work fast : break contact , re-connect test - set -- but this time press a tiny suctioncup to it . aw wre run fromthe suction - cup , plug into the small tape-recorder -- whi ch turner SW tches on . a lnstant | ater ; turner head -- and be recording -- phone - number bei no tapped out . before it ring , we hear through test - set : HOTEL | ntercept operator you roomnunber , pl ease ? joubert ' S voi ce 819 . the nunber 's already ringng joubert ' S voi ce qoer ator ? be there -- a moment ago -- a long-distance call for I ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 110 . HOTEL | ntercept operator 819 ? ... nothing , M. joubert . joubert ' S vo ce thank you . interrupted by : atwood S vo ce hel | 0 ? int . joubert ' S room - still dark jqubert yes ... | have a interesting call ... atwood S vo ce wo be this ? jqubert ... in reference to a all but extinct bird : the condor . have you have such a call ? atwood S vo ce ( over ! ap ) you be a fool to call not here ! joubert ( unf aze ) you ' have have none , then ? atwood S vo ce no ! joubert it must have be the audubon Society . | assure they be still locate in New York ty . int . excelsior HOTEL basement close on turner , work : on the touch - tone test - set he tap out : 311 555-6394 . as he wait for it ring he re-wnobob tape - recorder to start of frequency tone , he would j ust record . rng rng then : vo ce ( fl lter ) conput er. convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 111 . turner plays multi - frequency tone into test - set . stop . wait for : ( o1 ce 555 - 7489 . er DI sconnect test - set , reconnect and tap qut another rng rng then : wovan S voi ce ( fl lter ) cna , Ms. col eran speaki no . turner ( into test - set ) this be harold Thomas , Ms. ool eran , qustorer service . cna on 202 555-7389 , pl ease . wovan S vo ce ( fl lter ) qe norent , pl ease . ( al most at once ) Leonard atwood , 765 mackensie Lane , chevy chase , maryl and . closer on turner : search he menory for the nane ... not hi no . turner thank you . DI sconnect test -set , start out of baserrent . ext . new york telephone CO . bldg ( note : there 's a reddish brick building , just below Canal St. and another , wndowess one , on tenth Avenue , around 54th reet . ) on the CUT : enpl oyee -- most ! y female telephone operator -- enter and leave ; a shift -chance . among they now we find : turner , go into : int . new york telephone CO . bldg - lobby turner see a door mark " equi pment room 's . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 112 . camera move wth turner , tomrd the door ; he 's conspi cuous about the test - set , recorder , anything that might make he pass for a telephone conpany enpl oyee ... int . equipment room endl ess bank of DI stri buti no frame , fantastically compl ex W ring and relays . turner move through the bl ock -! ong aisle , turn bet ween row of equipment to avoid close contact ... finally , he stop , settles down , low , at the end of a aisle . there 's a reel of copper wre nearby ; he reach for it . int . the SMALL room sovewhere the |egl ess man -- mtchell -- be j ust lighting a cl garette when , fromthe massive , ceiling speaker : turner S vo ce hello ... ? tape-recorder be already turning by the time mtchell spin toward he talk - BOX and : m tcrell this be the major . turner S vo ce condor . find hggins for not . m tchell routing you , condor . stand by ... hs finger have be work since turner say " condor " . that panel light up : " traci no ’... int . equi pment room telephone CO - angle on turner he 's use the test - set ... but angle adjust to | nclude what else he 's do wth the copper- be : he 's laid it across the precise phone - conpany circuitry . h| gg ns ' vo ce ( filter ) condor ?? turner grunt at be call condor , then : turner the Hotel excelsior ... convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 113 . h g@ns ' vo ce ( fl lter ) you be there now ? turner ... in room 819 -- if you move it ! -- you will find the corsican go ! eman we speak of . h| gg ns ' vo ce ( fl lter ) wat ? ( then , qui ckl y) be be you , dam it ?! turner shhh ... quiet down ... ( t hen ) h ggi ns ? h ggns ' voce ( filter ; qui et ) ri ght here . turner wo be at wod ? int . computer room cl a , langley h| gg ns hold the phone close to he ear . the other in the room cannot hear turner 's voice . camera reveal mr wabash seat apart fromthem and atwood ! atwood stare at h gg ns , who have just gl ance toward atwood . turner S vo ce ( respondi no to h ggi ns 's si | ence ) wo be Leonard at wod ? ( t hen ) be be you . click as the line go dead . mvr_ wabash soret hi no ... ? h gg ns shoot a glance toward atwood , just a halfbeat of hesi t ati on bef ore he punch | nteroom button and : h gg ns maj or ?? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 114 . int . the SMALL room sovevhere the lighted panel " tracing ' be replaced by : " trace complete " . m tchell get he h g@ns ' voce show rre the di spl ay . mtchell spin . punch button : favor a large electronic DI splay - screen - - h gg ns walk closer ; the other | ook at it , too : qn screen : enlarged STREET map of south brooklyn a red arrowhead mark a streetcorner . as he approach screen : h gg ns how do he get there ? mr. wabash ( qui etl y) condor . h gg ns vwé can have a unit -- mr_ wabash ( still qui et ) wit ... reacti no to a sudden change on screen : a new red arrowhead appear ... then : hil gg ns hey ! ! a burst of new red arrowhead have appear all over south brooklyn ! Li ke reas ! es ! h| gg ns race back to | ntercom shout : h gg ns mtchell ?! ... what 's go on ?? as even more red arrowhead appear behi nd hi gg ns : convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 115 . m tchell ' S vo ce ( via | ntercom the son of a bitch wred together 50 phone ! ! h gg ns what ?? m tchell ' S vo ce ( fl lter ) everybody in Brooklyn 's talk to each to she ! ext . hoboken stati on suddenly like forty year ago . od , dirty , gloony in the early morning quiet . int . hoboken stati on Turner stand in the greenish light . Kathy move over from the cigarette counter and light a cigarette . turner | do not know you snoke . kathy | quit year ago . ( t hen ) you be pale . turner ... light in here . kathy wat be you go to do there ? turner see a guy . kathy mrre secret . ( shake she head , then , rie ght to he ) wat 's so hot about keep secret ? it 's just ... unfriendly . that 's all . turner like hide that picture . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 116 . kathy ( she 's fair ) yes . ( then ; not casual ) sone day , I would like to showthemto you in case you live through this . turner I would like to see they could you live through that ? kathy yes , | could . now thanks . then suddenly , a almost hopeful think . turner you could drive I to washi nat on . kathy no. | could not . ( t hen ) you have a lot of fine quality but ... ( try it another way ) | do not treat nyself great , exactly , but | do not go out of ny way to get nyself machi not - gun , either . turner wat fine quality ? she almost smile at he joke , but then : kathy you have good eye . not kind , but they do not seemto lie or |ook away nuch . ( t hen ) and they do not miss anything . ( beat ) | could use eye like that . turner but you be ... overdue in vernont . ( she 's sil ent ) be he a tough guy ? kathy ( nod ) he 's pretty tough . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 117 . turner wat will he do to you ? kathy ... understand , probabl y. turner qh ... that be tough . the loudspeaker announce the train to wash ngton Turner take the cigarette out of she hand , throw it on the floor . turner Kathy ... | need tine . kathy hn ??? Turner be anguish , but have to reassure hinself . turner 8 hour at least until noon tonvrrow . kathy so? turner ( finally drive ) you have to give I that nuch tire . | mean do not call anybody right now , or -- she can not believe it ! her eve fill . she manage the palest smile , and shake she head fromside to side , slowy . such di sappoi not ment and regret . kathy qh boy ...! he be stricken that he 's come this far . he close he eye , squeeze they shut , wishing he have not reveal he suspi ci on . he can not take back the word so he grab she , hold her tightly , the way one hold a child one have hurt impulsively ... try to share the pain wth she . then he take she head in he hand and kiss she face gently . turner wii you take care of yourself . kathy do ny best . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 118 . turner do you best . he move through the door and out onto the track . kathy ( qui etl y) wii you take care of yourself ? ext . holi day I no ( second unit ! ) - N cht a plain black sedan pull up . two plainclothes guy get out and go in . int . 54/12 room - wabash & h gan - N gh atwood be go . hggins and vébash wait near the phone . vr_ wabash ... wy be not you further along , M. h ggi ns ? h gg ns wth the conpany , you mean ? nvr . wabash you seem perfect for it ... h gg ns thank you , sir . mvr . wabash be you perfect for it , M. hggins ? h gg ns | try to be . VR. wabash wre you recruit out of school ? h gg ns no , sir . the company intervi ewed a few of we in Korea . ( compel to flatter ) you be wth M. donovan 's oss , be not you sir ? nvr . wabash ( smile to remenber : ) | sail the Adriatic wth a novie star at the hel m ( more ) convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 119 . mr . wabash ( cont ' D ) it do not seemlike much of a war now . but it be . ( t hen ) | go back even further : to ten year after the @eat War , as we call it . bef ore we know enough to nunber they h gg ns you mss that kind of action , sir ? mvr . wabash no ... that kind of clarity . the phone ring loudly . M. vdbash pick it up , listen , then hang up . mvr_ wabash he 's be hold at New York Center . h ggins be up and nove toward the door . VR. wabash M. hggins !... | believe you do under st and the conpany 's posi it on . wat 's to be do . ext . country house , WASHINGTON - ni ght along view , dark , desert . then suddenly the N gt airis FI lode wth loud blasting MSI c. int . country house - night - turner close Turner , sit in the dark live room beside the hi - fi , hold the .45 loosely in he hand , wait . fuller angle to vest ! bule the light go on . a absolutely petrify atwood descend the stair in rumple pajamas . Turner do not nove . at wood core slowy into the darken room turner wo be you ? new angle atwood wat be this ? turner wo be you ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 120 . atwood what d' you want in here ? turner I be condor . atwood S shocked . turner sit down . ( t hen ) what do you do for a live ? atwood do not be ridiculous ... he start to turn away he 's in a swvel - chair behind he desk -- Turner spin he back ... hard ! turner what do you do ...? exactly . atwood i'mwth counter Intelligence . it together wth what else he 's cone Turner can not quite put ie .45 against atwood . to know , he press th turner ... what be you work on ? what be you doi no ? ( at atwood 's si | ence ) wat 's the secret worth nurdering everybody at the alh ?? atwood there be no secret ! turner wek show you ny report ... atwood wat rep --? Turner kick the chair hard wth he foot . it slam against the wall . atwood ( choki no ) yes ! convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 121 . turner it be you network | turn up . at wood 's silence confirm it . turner ... do what ? atwood do not answer . Turner pull he out of the chair and slam he against the wall . turner doi no what !! ? Turner grab hi m again . tupner wat the hell do counter Intelligence care about a bunch of goddam book ! a book in dutch ! he slam he against the wall . turner a book out of venezuel a! he slam hi m again . atwood wait ... ! turner wstery storey in Arabic ! he slam hi m again . turner wat the hell be so important . about ... ( he stop dead . still . then very qui etl y) gl ... field . atwood be petrify . hs breath core in hard rasp grasp ... turner ( t hen ) this whole dam thing vas about oil . poi nting the gun at he again . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 122 . turner be not it ?? ... be not it ? atwood yes ! ... it be ! it still be . joubert ' S vo ce do not turn for a monent . ( t hen ) set down the gun ... ( t hen ) yes . all right . another angle - reveali no joubert joubert ( st rai ght ) you be quite good , condor ... until this . ( wave of hand toward at wood ) this move be predict abl e : at wood laugh a bark of a laughin relief . joubert mowe forward toward Turner . closer angle on joubert he suddenl y swng around push the gun against at wood 's head and FI res . shot - turner a single prolonged shout , he hand over he ear , as if the reverberati no explosion no ght still kill he stun , he wat ches joubert : W der angle joubert be prop the dead atwood into the posture of a suicide ... wpes off the pistol , place it in he hand . turner appal , still ... but put it together . turner you be work for the company again ...! joubert ( qui et busi ness ) do you touch anything but the | amp ? convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 123 . joubert 's wping it clean . turner ( daze ) Jesus , they take you back . jqubert ( shrug ) just for this : for atwood . Turner be still reeling . turner but ... he 's wth the conpany , why would they want hi mkil| ed ? jqubert ( a ' stop ' gesture ) | do not interest myself in ' why ?'. | think nore often in term of ' when ? '... sometimes ' where ? ' . and al way how much ? 's ( very brief ) | suspect he be -- about to become -- a enbarrassnent . ( then , | evel ) as you be ... beat ; Turner nod . turner ( sad , ironic | augh ) so you be not fini shed . jqubert pardon ?... oh no , | have no_arrangerent wth themconcern you . they do not know you would be here . ( beat ) 1 know you would be here . turner but , do not you send the mail man ? joubert qh ... that be a business arrangerent wth at wood . ( then gesture at corpse ) but you see . ( t hen ) perhaps if he have a with dow . ( more ) convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 124 . joubert ( cont ' D ) but he have none . '' sa selfish man , | think ; this house be enpty . fe rake a quick but experience check of the whole scene , and : joubert Cone . ext . atwood S home - daw look far out over sloping | awn and a meadow . a pretty view joubert fill hs lung , deeply . accar be ' park a safe distance fromthe house : joubert tell I about the girl . turner wat , about she ? joubert she be choose ... how ? by age ? her car ? appearance ? turner at random chance . joubert Real | y ? ( t hen ) can | drop you ? turner ( sl ow y) I be go back to New York . joubert you have ... not much future there . Turner |ook at he joubert ( lighting a ci garette ) it would happen this way : you may be wal king one day may be the first sunny day of the spring ... and acar wll slow beside you , and a door will open ... and soneone you know -- perhaps even trust -- wll get out of the car and he wll smile -- a become snile ... ( more ) convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 125 . joubert ( cont ' D but he will leave open the door of the car and offer to give you a lift . Turner sink slowy to the step turner terrific . ( not really ask ) you seemto understand it all well what would you suggest ? joubert the fact be : wat | dois not a bad occupation . there be never a Depression . soreone be always willing to pay . tumner ( sadl y ) | would find it tiring . jqubert no . it be -- quite restful . almost peaceful . no need to believe in either side , or any side . there be no cause . there be only yourself . and the belief be in you preci sion . turner ( very tired now ...1 be bear here joubert ... in the United States . | miss it when |'m away too | ong . joubert a pity . turner | do not think so . ( beat ) would it be too much trouble to drop not at uni on stati on ? joubert ( shrug ) it would be ny pleasure . as Turner rise to walk down the slope to the car , joubert hold out the .45 . Turner look at it , then at joubert . joubert shrug : joubert for that day ... convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 126 . beat . Turner take the gun . ext . west 43rd STREET - day full view of the street . truck be | oad in the bin of the newspaper building . a small salvation arw band pl ay and sing GOD rest ye merry gentlemen . a ordinary | ook car core to a stop on broadwy . hggins get out ; the Driver and another man remain inside . h ggins look up and dom the street until : turner S vo ce h ggi ns ! h ggins spin around and see : turner in the middle of 43rd Street . pedestrian pass he the look tired , need a shave . favor hi gg ns he snile , but be take everything in . where Turner be stand , he move toward Turner as angle widen to incl ude both . hggins almost throw a welcone armaround Turner , as Turner back across 43rd towards the sing sal vati on arny Band . hi gg ns it 's great to see you . ( Turner nod , vaguel y) you | ook really beat . turner yeah , |'mtire . ( t hen ) the car for I ? h gg ns sure . it 's safe now W need a few hour debrief ; the network have sone pretty complicated wring and -- turner hggins ? let 's say ... for purpose of argument ... | have a .45 in one of this pocket . pause . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 127 . turner so if | ask you to take a walk wth not you would do it , right ? h gg ns ( qui etl y) wi ch way ? turner wst. slowy . four or five step in front of I . track ! no turner and hi gg ns the sound of sing grow | ouder . h ggins shiver as a cold gust of wnd chill they another plain car be move East toward they on 43rd Street . hi gg ns be be we goi no ? turner ( indi cate the car ) Wave themoff ... h ggins make a slight head move . the car stop and park . Turner move up closer to hggins . turner do we have plan to invade the mddle East ? h gg ns be you crazy ?? turner be | ? h| gg ns look , Turner ... turner do we have pl and ? h gg ns no. absolutely not . ( t hen ) vé have game . that 's all . we play gane . ( more ) convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 128 . " Mat ifn for how one ven ? " wat woul d it take ? " , " be there a cheaper way of dest abili zing the regi I ? " ( qui et er ) that 's what we be pay to do ? turner so ... atwood just take the gane too seriously . he be really go to do it be not he ? h| gg ns it be a renegade operation ! atwood know 54 / 12 could never authorize it : not wth all the heat on the company . turner suppose there would be no heat ? and | have not stumble on the plan ? nobody have ? h gg ns ( shrug ) different ballgame . the fact be , it be not a bad plan . it could have work . turner Jesus -- wat be it wth you people ? you think not get catch in alieis the same as tell the truth . h| gg ns it 's simple econonics , Turner ... there 's no argument . oo ! now , 10 or 15 year it will be food , or plutonium maybe sooner than that . what do you think the people w!l want we to do then ? turner ask they h gg ns now ? ( shake head ) huh -uh . ask they when they be run out . wien it 's cold at hone and the engi ne stop and peopl e who be not use to hunger ... go hungry ! they will not want we to ask ... ( qui et savagery : ) they ' !|! want we to get it for they convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 129 . turner Boy . you really find a hore . ( t hen ) there be seven people ki ! ed ! h gg ns the company never order ... turner ... atwood do ! and who the hell be at wood ?? he 's you ! all of you . there be seven people kill and the gane go on . h gg ns | can not let you stay out , Turner . Turner slowy stop , teans back agai not -a building , shake he head sadly . turner @ hore , hggins . they have it all . hi gg ns wat be you talk about ? turner do not you know be we be ? h ggins |ook around . the huge newspaper truck be move out . turner it 's where they ship from h ggins ' head dart upward and he read the | egend above Turner 's head . the new york time . the be stunne . hi gg ns you dunb son of a bitch . turner it 's be do . they have it . camera push closer on hggins . all the physical option run through he brain ... and he cone up wth nothing to do . h| gg ns you ' have do nore damage than you know . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org revi sed draft February 3 , 1975 130 . turner | hope so . h| gg ns you want to rip we to piece , but you dam fool you rely on we . ( t hen ) you be about to be a very lonely man , Turner . wthout warning , Turner slowy start away , still face h ggins . he throw a glance over he shoulder at the car . hs p.o V. - the plain car the two ren wait for a signal from hggins . turner and hi gg ns hi gg ns it do not have to turn out like this . turner q@ course it do . h gg ns ( call out ) Turner ! how do you know they '!! print it ? Turner stop . stare at hggins . hggins snile . close - h gg ns hi gg ns you can take a walk . but howfar ? if they do not print it . close - turner turner they ' i! print it . hl gh angle - turner and hi gg ns pedestrian move bet wen they hi gg ns how do you know ? camera pull back and lose they !n the new york street . convert to pdf by ww screentalk . org