Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. three king screenplay by David o. Russell story by John ridley 11/28/98 12/16/98 01/08/99 01/27/99 02/04/99 02/09/99 02/17/99 ( pink ) ( yellow ) ( Green ) ( goldenrod ) ( buf£ ) ( salmon ) ( cherry ) revised final draft February 17 , 1999 please note : all text in bracket indicate arabic . subtitles used only where noted . fade in : ext . iraqi desert - wide angle Pov of wide OPEN desert - first kill flat grey sky . the camera be run forward , toward a big sand berm in the distance . there be 0.s. sound : soldier 's equipment clanking , boot running on sand . hear a man 's breathing . the back of he helmete head and he uniform shoulder appear in the bottom of the frame , run . this be troy barlow , sergeant , U.S. Army , 25 year old . on he helmet be a photo-button with a photo of a newborn baby . suddenly , on the sand berm 100 meter ahead , a iraqi soldier stand . Troy stop in he track , out of breath , and stare at the figure on the berm . the iraqi flutter a white flag over he head , then put it down and pick up a gun . Troy turn around , we see he face for the first time . troy be we shoot people , or what ? berm soldier # 1 ( 0.s. ) be we shoot ? tory that 's what I be ask you . berm soldier # 1 ( 0.s. ) what 's the answer ? troy i_do not know the answer . that 's what I be try to find out . pan to 100 yard away -- zoom in -- soldier # 2 stand with he head tilt back while soldier # 3 look into he eye . berm soldier # 3 it look like a grain of sand , but I do not know how I be gonna get it out -- pan to three soldier 40 yard away -- zoom in -- soldier # 4 unwrap a stick of gum and put it into he mouth . soldier # 5 and # 6 , plus conrad vig , 22 , wiry , intense , deep South , and walter wogoman , 19 , quiet , tall , Southern , put out they hand and get piece of gum . ( continued ) 1 continued : 1 troy ( 0.s. ) I think this guy have a weapon . the Soldiers get ready with they gun , scared . captain van meter , 37 , crab-like , be in the far distance . captain van meter if they surrender , do not shoot , if they do not surrender , blow ‘em away . pan back to Troy , face the camera , close , scared , then turn back to the dune and run a few yard . stop and stare , raise he rifle . he aim at the figure on the horizon . Pov through sight post the iraqi soldier in Troy 's sight post , hold a rifle up . hear Troy 's breathing , loud , as he pull trigger slowly . slow motion rifle sound . Silent pause . the iraqi soldier stand there , then he neck explode like a sack of blood . Silent , except for sound of Troy 's loud breathing as he walk toward the big berm , and up to the crest . all we hear be he footstep and breathing . berm soldier # 3 ( 0.s. ) that guy just shot a a-rab . berm soldier # 4 ( 0.s. ) bullshit . young iraqi soldier lie on the ground . a piece of he neck be blow away . he be rasp , a white flag be clasped in one hand ; a rifle in the other . he be look up at Troy , who look down at he . smash CUT to : fantasy - int . michigan hospital - day 2 a white baby girl , cover in blood and placenta , be pull from between the leg of Troy 's wife , debbie . the nurse hold the scream baby aloft , proud and happy . ( continued ) continued : vig ( v.0o . ) ( deep Southern accent ) congratulation , you get yourself a eye-raqi , my man . ext . iraqi desert - first kill - day ( present ) pan to conrad vig . vig dag . pan from dead iraqi to Troy , upset , as he murmur " I get around " by the beach boy . troy ' gettin 's bugge drivin 's up and down the same old strip , gotta find a new place where the kid be hip , I get around -- ' berm soldier # 1 I do not think I would see anyone get shot over here . berm soldier # 5 take my picture . vig do you still want to sell picture ? troy ( distract monotone ) for twenty . berm soldier # 5 twenty dollar for a hoo -a shot , man , what 's the meaning of life ? berm soldier # 1 what a asshole . walter you be lucky you get to see anybody shot in this war . vig be over five day , Jim , be not gonna be much more of this . berm soldier # 5 Bobby , take my picture . ( continued ) continued : he hold the camera out . berm soldier # 3 if he shot the guy , it 's up to he . berm soldier # 5 it 's not like he shot a fuck deer . it 's the enemy . vig Troy 's enemy , yours for twenty . Soldiers get they cash out , vig take it . berm soldier # 1 show some respect for the dead . berm soldier # 3 yeah , leave he in peace . soldier # 5 bend next to the corpse and hold he camera out at arm 's length . vig no free picture , motherfucker . vig shove the soldier away and the two wrestle as they roll down the sand berm . " I just want to celebrate " by rare earth come on loud . Troy walk away hold he temple in pain ; Soldiers gather to stare at the dead iraqi , get they camera out . ext . 437th civil affayr company - desert road - day american soldier in combat gear dance on a road in the desert . " I just want to celebrate " blare as the camera dolly through the soldier . ext . 437th civil affayr company camp - day dolly into tent town , past bare - chest soldier pump free weight ; jogging in formation ; sunbathing on big water storage mattress . 5 . ext . 437th civil affayr company - camp perimeter - day dolly out of tent town , past a lone boom operator , past three soldier at piss tube , as music continue . adriana cruz ( 0.s. ) spirit be high and the music be boisterous as this young troops celebrate -- shit . let I try that again . dolly around the dance soldier to see : 36 stripped iraqi solder lie face down in undershort . adriana cruz ( 0.s. ) spirit be high and the music be motherfuck sand in my eye -- pan to CNN reporter adriana cruz , 45 , in white safari jacket over Desert Storm fatigue , clean she eye ; nearby a cluster of rowdy soldier who be mugging into the camera . adriana cruz ( 0.s. ) spirit be high and the music be soar as this young troops -- do I just say ' soar ' ? pan to cameraman , paco . paco I think you say soar . adriana cruz do I or do not I ? dolly to archie gate , 40 , Major , special force , wear sunglass . archie gate you say ' soar . adriana cruz how do it sound ? archie gate like bullshit . but this be a bullshit story . adriana cruz the end of the war 's a bullshit story ? archie gate Saddam 's still here . ( continued ) continued : 6 adriana cruz this be a huge win . archie gate how about the Shiites ? adriana cruz arab versus arab will not play for the network right now . archie gate how about the gold thing ? adriana cruz I do not have anything on that . archie gate okay , forget it , tape this guy over here . Cathy , what 's up ? archie and cathy daitch , 30 , another reporter , walk off . adriana cruz where the hell be you go ? archie gate you do not need I for this . adriana cruz they will not let I go anywhere without a escort , goddamn it . archie gate you be not go anywhere , you be do the celebration story . smash CUT to : rowdy soldier mug for Cruz 's camera . camp soldier # 8 we be number one . camp soldier # 9 wee-ha . adriana cruz you be heroes . camp soldier # 9 we be heroes . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) camp soldier # 8 give war a chance . adriana cruz you exorcise the ghost of Vietnam with a clear moral imperative -- camp soldier # 10 be that what we do ? camp soldier # 8 we kick ass . we be number one . camp soldier # 11 we do not get rid of fuck Saddam -- camp soldier # 10 which totally suck a big dick . camp soldier # 12 that people be get ream -- camp soldier # 9 bullshit , we save Kuwait , man . adriana cruz who 's get reemed ? camp soldier # 11 I do not know who they be -- camp soldier # 10 we get huge firepower and we be not help -- camp soldier # 11 it 's fuck up . camp soldier # 8 fuck that , we liberated Kuwait . camp soldier # 9 weee -haaa . Adriana watch impassively . whip pan to : five soldier chant Lee greenwood 's anthem , " proud to be a american , " into Cruz 's camera -- ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) camp soldier ( chant ) ' if tomorrow all the thing be go that I work for all my life and I have to start again with just my child and my wife -- wide , high angle dollying crane of tent city . camp soldier ( v.o . ) ( chant ) ' I would thank my lucky star to -- ext./ int . chopper above army camp - night dissolve to : Pov from chopper - dusk '' proud to be a american " blast , chopper pilot sing off key . chopper pilot -- be livin ' here today because the flag still stand for freedom and they can not take that awayyyyy -- int . 437th civil affayr company - large tent - night Troy , wear a check arab headdress , be parade on shoulder . he hold up a Coke in one hand and pepsi can in the other , like torch . troy ( scream the song ) and I be proud to be a american , where at least I know I be free . and I will not forget the man who die , who give that right to I . and I would gladly stand up ; next to you and defend she still today . ' Cause there be not no doubt I love this land , God bless the U.S.A . -- Soldiers scream and go nut . soda be sputter and spit . " I can not do nothing for ya man " by public enemy blast . ( continued ) continued : walter wogoman operate two parallel boom box like a dj . a soldier rapidly peel down one Bruce Lee poster on top of another , like a flip - book animate Bruce Lee . vig , wear a bandage across he nose from the fight on the berm , do a series of cheerleader - like karate arm movement . Troy dance . Soldiers whip brightly - paint toy football at Troy . he whip the ball back , be tackle over a table , crash . Soldiers -- vig , walter , other -- scream viscerally as the music blast . two soldier fire they finger like pistol at Troy on the floor scream like a fierce animal . troy rahhhhhhhhhhhhhh . vig scream into Troy 's face at point-blank range . vig rahhhhhhhhhhhhh . troy rahhhhhhhhhhhhh . int . tv truck - night archie madly hump Cathy , slamm into tv monitor . cathy daitch you be a train warrior , train warrior , Jesus Christ , Major Gates ! monitor crash to the floor as Cathy climax . archie roll to the side and stare at tv image of celebrate soldier . cathy daitch ( out of breath ) what 's Adriana get ? archie gate ( out of breath ) just the celebration . cathy daitch that 's it ? archie gate that 's it . ( continued ) 10 . 9 continued : 9 cathy daitch I get something on the gold . archie gate like what ? cathy daitch they think it could be in some bunker . archie gate that do not mean anything . cathy daitch why not ? archie gate there 's thousand of bunker in Iraq . cathy daitch why do not you stay and help I figure it out , I have some shrimp fly in -- archie gate I gotta keep a eye on Adriana -- cathy daitch Boy , she really get the full baby - sit service , do not she ? archie gate you all do . 9a ext . tv truck - night 9a the door open , and colonel horn , 45 , stand there , with Adriana Cruz behind , piss . Cathy grab she clothes . archie gate what 's go on ? colonel horn I be about to ask you the same question , Major . adriana cruz you say he be former Delta , he would take great care of I , what a bunch of bullshit -- ( continued ) 9a continued : 11 . 9a colonel horn would you please let I handle this ? adriana cruz do not she have she own goddamn escort ? colonel horn of course she do . whip pan to : prim , mousy woman sergeant embarrass , stand nearby . adriana cruz why do not you give she someone she can fuck so she will leave my escort alone ? cathy daitch that be really unnecessary . adriana cruz I do not want he walk away from I , give my storey away -- archie gate what storey ? you do not have any storey . adriana cruz you do not fuck tell people that -- cathy daitch look at yourself , my God , you be pathetic -- adriana cruz look at I ? be that what you be say , with you panty around you ear ? colonel horn I really do not need this shit . archie just look at horn silently . 10 11 12 12 . int . bunk tent - night 10 chief elgin be 29 , stocky , black , no nonsense , shout . chief Captain 's come . music stop , beer be hide . Soldiers scurry to get ready . smash CUT to : captain van meter pace . Chief hand he papers . captain van meter let 's all try to picture the marksmanship , the focus , the mastery of fear , require to shoot across 500 meter -- troy it might have be more like 250 -- vig no way . troy maybe 400 . vig blew the guy 's head three foot into the air -- Soldiers cheer . Troy be embarrassed -- then cheer -- flashback - iraqi desert - first kill - day 11 slow motion : the iraqi soldier 's head pop into the air . int . 437th civil affayr company - bunk tent - day 12 walter a-rab keep talk after he hit the ground -- vig anybody see predator , where the black guy -- ( continued ) 12 13 14 15 continued : captain van meter Carl weather . his arm get shot off -- vig while he 's still fire he gun -- walter and when he arm hit the ground -- walter and van meter his hand keep on fire . troy do you see the guy with he ear hang off , sir ? captain van meter Arnold schwarzenegger or Carl weather ? troy no , I hear it happen here . captain van meter whatever , we will be go home soon , and tomorrow we round up more eye-ragis . they all cheer . omitted ext . desert - surrender site - wide shot - day 13 . 12 13 14 15 hundred of Iraqis walk in the desert , hand raise above they head . translator ( megaphone , in Arabic ) Lay down you weapon , get down on the ground . captain van meter we will not hurt you . Lay down you weapon , get on the ground -- two tag Iraqis with bad face wound get medical help . ( continued ) 15 14 . continued : 15 five Iraqis on they knee , plead for mercy in Arabic as they disrobe . they grab and kiss Troy barlow 's hand , as he hold he m - 16 on the begging Iraqis . walter tag a few . troy it 's cool , no one 's gonna hurt you -- vig whip out he big Thunder 5 pistol , point it at they . vig do you rape and torture anybody in Kuwait , Abdul ? the Iraqis wail for mercy . Troy push vig 's pistol away . troy you be make they all hysterical , and you be gonna get bust for have that pistol . vig point the big pistol at a older iraqi officer who be the only one not take he clothes off . vig take you fuck rag off , take this off . no comprende English , motherfucker ? troy what be you fuck problem , conrad ? could you act in a more professional manner , please ? vig I be sorry , I be just tryin' git he to obey the spirit of thing . I want to be professional about it . troy ( lean down ) Sir ? we need you to disrobe like all the other a-rab , okay ? the Officer do not move . troy I hate to see it come to this . vig and walter forcibly pull the iraqi Officer 's pants off . Troy turn to the other prisoner . ( continued ) 15 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 troy stay down , it 's gonna be all right . vig whoa , whoa , whoa . hey . Troy look at the Officer 's bare buttock , where a roll up piece of paper be stick out -- troy there 's a document in that guy 's ass . vig we get a classified situation . walter do you think he eat it ? troy it would not come out perfect like that if he eat it . Troy pull a latex glove out of he pocket . troy pull it out , private . iraqi officer ( in Arabic ) no! stop ! get the fuck off I . the Officer scream in protest and be forcibly subdued by walter as vig , wear the glove , slowly pull the roll - up , greasy paper from the Officer 's ass -- Troy look disgust . troy open it up . vig you only give I one glove . troy I be sorry I do not have another glove , but you gotta open it up . that 's how the chain of command work . vig take out a U.S. Army pen and use it to unroll the greasy paper and lie it flat on the sand . ( continued ) 15 16 16 . continued : ( 3 ) 15 closeup - rumpled paper it be a handwritten map , with scant Arabic write , a few spare road , number , and three small box . vig what the hell be that ? troy important enough to squeeze you cheek for . berm soldier # 1 hey , look at this -- troy back up , motherfucker -- vig push berm solider # 1 and another soldier as they rubberneck . ext . 437th civil affayr company - day 16 archie sit on a fold chair face colonel horn , 45 , who be furious . Soldiers and vehicle pass . colonel horn you be suppose to make she feel good about the storey we want , not push storey we do not want , and you do not walk away from she to fuck another journalist . archie gate I never want this job , ron . colonel horn it 's a great job , arch , you work in Iraq be over , I be try to help you out . archie gate I do not even know what we do over here . colonel horn do not even start that with I , because this have be a huge success . archie gate you get you star clinch . ( continued ) 16 17 continued : 17 . 16 colonel horn ( touch he collar ) it 's not my fault you plateaue a long time ago , big -mouthed n.c.o. at heart . archie gate just tell I what we do here , ron . colonel horn you want to occupy Iraq and do Vietnam again , be that what you want ? archie gate fuck it , I be retire , anyway . I do not care . colonel horn until you do , you be a Army officer , and you be still take care of that reporter , so do it right . maybe she will hook you up to consult with the media at home . archie gate fuck that . int . captain be tent - day 17 splash -- rub alcohol be pour over vig 's extend hand by Chief . troy you have wash you hand like a thousand time , conrad . vig Lord know what vermin live in the butt of a dune koon . chief do not say that around I . vig Captain use they term . chief why do you let this cracker follow you around ? ( continued ) 17 continued : 18 . 17 troy he 's all right , man , he 's get no high school , he 's from a group home in Jackson -- vig do not tell people that . chief I do not give a shit if he 's from johannesburg . I do not want to hear dune koon or sand nigger from he or anybody . vig okay , how about camel jockey and towel head , hoo -wa ? chief no . troy no . vig I apologize but it 's a little confusing with all that anti- iraqi , pro-Saudi , and all that language . troy do you get that aerial photo ? chief yeah , I get ‘em . vig how do you do that ? chief I have my way . troy Chief be hook up . chief keep walter on the door . troy would you take that fuck thing off ? walter stand by the door wear night vision goggle . ( continued ) 19 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 walter I never get to use night vision . troy they do not work during the day -- walter yeah , they kind of work . troy just stand outside the tent so Chief can translate my iraqi ass map , okay ? Chief unfold a big aerial - photo map of the iraqi desert , next to the rumple ass map . 18 ext . 437th civil affayr company - perimeter - day 18 adriana cruz you ready to work with I now ? archie gate yes , I be ready to work with you now . adriana cruz good , because I have a story and you be gonna get it for I . smash CUT to : 18a ext . mine field near camp —- day 18a archie gate it_was in the guy 's ass . camp soldier # 13 that 's not the real story . archie and Adriana follow soldier pick up mine and place they in a box ; a truck grind by ; they have to shout . adriana cruz what 's the real story ? camp soldier # 13 it be in the guy 's dick . they pull it out with tweezers . ( continued ) 20 . 18a continued : 18a adriana cruz a_ten -page atla of Saddam 's bunker ? camp soldier # 13 but real small like that little book you get in cracker jack . 19 ext . 437th civil affayr company - day 19 they talk with teebaux , a french soldier take a bath . teebaux they pull eet out the guy 's ear . adriana cruz what guy ? teebaux I can not tell you . adriana cruz you say you could tell we . teebaux I be sorry . not now . archie pull she off to the side . archie gate he 's french special force , he can help we but he 's not gonna talk to I if you be around . adriana cruz you better not be fuck with I . archie gate I be not , I will bring it to you . adriana cruz I want the story this time , archie . archie gate I say you will get it , okay ? 20 int . captain be tent - day 20 closeup : aerial map next to ass map . ( continued ) 20 21 continued : 21 . 20 chief ( 0.s. ) this be definitely Saddam 's bunker between karbala and nazaria . troy what 's inside ? chief accord to Intel , Picasso , Sony , rolex , armani . Kuwait be arab beverly Hills and Saddam sack it . troy it would be nice to bring something home besides sand fleas -- chief whatever , the good Lord put this map in we path and we be gonna find something -- troy he could also put a land mine in we path if we go out there -- chief do not worry , you be safe with I , I be fire baptize . troy what the hell be you talk about ? chief I have a ring of Jesus fire to guide my decision . troy I be not follow this . you be put I on , right ? chief for that who understand , no explanation be necessary ; for that who do not , no explanation will suffice . ext . captain be tent - day 21 blown -out Pov of walter 's night vision -- blurry image of archie walk right up to walter . ( continued ) 22 . 21 continued : 21 another angle walter Sir , sir , excuse I , sir , this tent be restrict -- archie gate get the fuck out of my way . walter mayday , mayday -- 22 int . captain be tent - day 22 Troy and Chief scramble to put the map under the table as they stand to attention . archie gate good afternoon . he look they over . archie gate would this be the proctology tent ? chief yes , sir , I mean , no , sir . archie gate then maybe it 's the urology tent , or the neurology tent , or the ear , nose and throat tent . troy Captain 's at a staff meeting , sir . archie gate be the captain a urologist or a proctologist ? they look puzzle . archie gate it do not matter . I be not look for the Captain , I be look for sergeant barlow . archie push he finger into Troy 's name tape , reach under the table , and take the map , smell he finger . archie gate you be on the path to truth when you smell shit , be not that what they say ? 23 24 23 . ext . captain be tent - day 23 walter , outside the tent , practice block position , and he eye be mess up from too much brightness . walter damn . freeze . do not pass . hold it , freeze . stop. freeze . int . captain be tent - day 24 vig I do not recognize you , sir . be you in this division ? chief he 's not in this division . he 's special force . closeup - archie be s.f. cross arrow and special force patch . they look at archie , intimidate . archie gate do you good soldier present this map to you Captain ? troy not yet , sir . archie gate I will take it to he . troy that 's not necessary , sir . we will take it to he . he 's we c.o. he try to pull the map , archie put he in a wrist lock . archie gate do not get grabby , sergeant . he stare at Troy , who 's in pain . troy he 's we c.0o. , sir , we will have to tell he you take it . archie gate it will not do either of we any good then , will it ? ( continued ) 24 . 24 continued : 24 they all look at he . archie let go , look at the map . archie gate what do you see here ? chief bunker , sir . archie gate what do you think be inside the bunker ? troy stuff they steal from Kuwait . archie gate bullshit . I be talk about 700 million in kuwaiti bullion . they all look at he for a moment while it sink in . vig you mean that little bullion cube you put in hot water for soup ? archie gate no , not the little bullion cube you put in hot water for soup . troy gold brick . archie stare at each of they . archie gate , Saddam steal it from the sheik , I have no problem steal it from Saddam . my guess be that he divide he brick into many different stashes . just one stash should be easy to take from he surrender army , and that would be enough to get we out of we day job , unless you reservist be in love with you day job . dolly : Troy , Chief , vig stare at archie . 25 omitted 25 26 27 28 29 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 25 . fantasy - int . office Silent -- Troy kneel at a disassembled photocopier , tool and part all around he , open a bag of toner , which spill black dust all over he white shirt . ext . kennedy airport Silent -- Chief wear the uniform of a baggage loader as he drive along the tarmac in baggage carrier . ext . MISSISSIPPI wood vig fire he pistol with fury at a series of stuff animal on log -- blow the stuff animal to smithereen . end of fantasy . back to scene vig I do not really have a day job . archie gate first we have to be sure the map be more than a love letter from one iraqi to another . troy it 's a series of bunker near karbala , sir . archie gate maybe . chief definitely , sir . recon photo match . archie hold the map up to the light . he put the map on the table , turn the light off and click on a ultra - violet flashlight he pull out . a completely different map appear in green marking . vig dag . ( continued ) 26 27 28 29 29 continued : 26 . 29 archie gate that 's why s.f. be so badass , we get the best flashlight . still look like a series of bunker in three village . a bit farther to the east . chief seventy - five klick north . archie gate more like 65 . vig that 's north of any ally troops , we can not do that . troy it 's perfect , we do not want any troops around . chief exactly . troy what about mine ? archie gate the grid be sweep by the 82nd , but we will stick to the road . leave at dawn , back by lunch . take a little french leave , we should not be miss , but I '1l have a friend occupy you c.o. just to be sure . what 's the guy 's name outside ? troy walter . archie gate bolo , come in here . walter come in . archie gate you will tell Adriana Cruz I have go ahead and check thing out , and you be take she to meet I . walter in Iraq ? ( continued ) 29 30 31 three king - Rev. 11/28/98 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 29 archie gate no . I will give you a fake copy of this map . you will then take she on a ride that last all morning and take she nowhere near the village outside karbala . when you do not find I it 's because you get lose , be that clear ? walter yes , sir . how do I get she out of here ? archie gate you be gonna take a chennowth with a radio and drive she out . I will call you if I need you . any other question ? vig be it true you get to cut off a enemy ear to be special force ? archie gate be you able to control he ? troy he will be fine , sir . archie gate I will see you at West Gate in the morning . ext . 437th civil affayr company - wide shot - dawn 30 Three figure in fatigue crouch low to the ground as they run to a chennowth dune buggy . walter start the engine . paco the cameraman sit behind walter with a video camera . Adriana Cruz crouch in with a satellite phone and dramatically give walter the thumb 's up . ext . desert - road to crater - moving humvee - morning 31 bach 's " gloria , " from mass in B minor play as : chief pull . Troy throw a paint football into the desert . Chief fire he m - 16 and blow the ball to piece . archie drive , play bach on the CD player . ( continued ) 31 three king - Rev. 11/28/98 27a . continued : ( Al ) 31 this humvee be load with weaponry and gear , a mount 60 mm machine gun , a Bart Simpson doll on the grill . a second humvee lead the way , drive by archie , playing the bach . two humvee roll into the vast desert , litter with burn - out tank , black crater , overturn vehicle , no people . chief pull . ( continued ) 31 28 . continued : 31 Troy throw another ball , Chief blows it away . troy pull . Chief throw a football from the move humvee , Troy fire a m - 16 and miss the ball as it bounce to the desert . troy I give you a better arc , Chief . chief what be you talk about ? troy I throw the ball in a higher arc that be easier for you to hit . chief bullshit . vig ( drive ) black make better receiver than quarterback . troy stop speak right now , conrad . chief Warren Moon will kick any ofay quarterback 's ass . vig the oiler have go nowhere behind Warren Moon . chief randall cunningham . troy do not get down in the mud with he , Chief . vig the eagle will never get to the superbowl with cunningham . chief Doug Williams take the redskin to the superbowl and win , okay ? ( continued ) 31 32 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 troy we can all agree there be many excellent black quarterback . Chief throw a ball . vig fire he giant pistol , miss . chief hit it , you sorry - ass cracker , you be not never gonna hit a Eye - raqi . vig I will shoot a eye-raqi , I will blow he head off . vig fire he big pistol while he drive : blam , blam blam . ext . desert - road to crater - day 32 the humvee ahead stop abruptly ; vig jam on the brake ; Troy and Chief fall down . archie sit , piss . troy you say we could fire some round when we be far away from camp , sir . archie get out and start walk . archie gate come here . they follow he to the side of the road , where a dead body lie next to a bomb crater while a skinny cow loiter nearby . archie gate be this what you be after ? archie pick up a rusted metal rod and push it into the bloat corpse with a hiss of gas escape . they pull back and cover they mouth and nose . Chief wretch , Troy back up and trip over a arm stick out of the sand . archie gate we drop a lot of bomb out here . we also bury guy alive . troy what do you mean we bury guy alive ? ( continued ) 32 33 34 30 . continued : 32 archie gate bradley with big plow break through the berm and bury the trenches . fantasy - ext . desert - burial trench - day 33 a huge plow on the front of a Bradley push sand right toward the camera . archie gate ( v.o. ) they have the option to surrender , but they choose to die for they country . dolly into three terrify Iraqis , eye open with fear , as the sand roll over they . end of fantasy . ext . desert - road at crater - day 34 vig damn , we miss that , only action we see be on c.n.n. , ' cept for that guy Troy shot . archie take vig 's giant revolver , empty the chamber . archie gate shot he in the neck , do not you ? troy that 's right , sir . vig I be there and it be amazing . vig swing he arm in he pseudo- karate routine . archie gate do you know anything about gunshot wound ? they look at he . archie gate what make any gunshot wound bad , provide you survive the bullet , be something call sepsis . ( continued ) 34 35 36 31 . continued : 34 chief infection of the blood . archie gate say a bullet tear into you right now -- fantasy - ext . desert OPEN area - day 35 a soldier in a T-shirt stand in a open area , a bullet hit he in the side . camera swoops in as shirt and skin be snap away like handkerchief , revealing he inside pierce by a bullet in slow motion -- archie gate ( v.o . ) it create a cavity of dead tissue , the cavity fill up with bile and bacteria and you be fuck . end of fantasy . ext . desert - road at crater - day 36 they look at he uncomfortably . archie gate then you get the kind of wound that paralyze or castrate or have a scary name like tension pneumo thorax . that 's when a bullet pierce you lung , so every time you breathe , air leak into you chest cavity , and it fill up like a balloon , crush you heart , you liver , you lung . you own breathe kill you , one breath at a time . they look at the corpse . archie gate but we be go to do this without fire any bullet . and just to be sure , we be gonna do a dry run , so put you suit on . 37 32 . ext . desert - road at crater - day ( later ) 37 Troy and Chief sit in the park first humvee , vig behind the wheel . archie sit behind the wheel of the second humvee . they all wear anti-gas suit . archie gate violence of action mean you movement be so decisive and powerful , the enemy be freeze and you have not fire a single shot . we will say the cow be the primary guard outside the bunker . we pull up fast , stop short , move very aggressively . at last cover , I be the base of fire . troy get it . archie gate and -- go. the two humvee roar down the road ; archie stop the rear humvee , drop down , aim he rifle . the cow stare as the first humvee pull up fast and stop . Troy and Chief jump out , weapon draw , flank the cow -- the cow step back , and explode . Troy and Chief stand splatter with cow entrail . the cow's head land with a thud on the hood of the humvee . archie gate who 's hurt ? chief it 's all cow , I think . troy yeah , it 's all cow . he pick cow entrail off himself . vig ka-boom , ya will see that cow 's head shoot up , just like wile E. coyote man -- chief you say this be sweep for mine . archie gate that be not a mine , it be a cluster bomb , very hard to see . ( continued ) 37 38 39 33 . continued : 37 he inspect a gape hole in the front grill of the lead humvee , the radiator be shot , a hoof imbed in it . archie gate Son of a bitch . a piece of cow flesh land on he shoulder , he look up . he hear Troy sing quietly . troy ' my buddy and I be gettin ' real well know , the bad guy know we and they leave we alone -- ' vig he just have a baby daughter and it 's like he want a envelope a safety inna world -- archie look at they as vig talk and Troy sing . archie gate move the gear to the other humvee , leave you safeties on , vig put that stupid pistol away , Troy 's the base of fire , no shoot , we hit they with the blind power of american sunshine . help I , Rhonda . ext . desert - road to village - high wide shot - day 38 " I get around " by the beach boy blast as the humvee speed along . a big american flag flap in the breeze from a pole at the back of the hummer . ext . village square - bunker # 1 - day 39 the humvee drive fast into a village piazza with a old fortress at one end . vig drive as the humvee speed around the town square , zoom past scared Shiites in black robe , a few skinny dog , a few bewilder iraqi soldier . vig where 's the bunker ? archie gate it should be right -- he study the map and point to the gas station with soldier . ( continued ) 39 34 . continued : 39 archie gate there . vig jerk the wheel right . they drive fast . archie gate no -- there . archie point leave . vig jerk the wheel leave , past the village well and two calm peasant , and drive straight toward the fortress with two iraqi soldier in front . Troy drop out of the move humvee , to he belly , aim he rifle . iraqi soldier look scared as the humvee drive up , like it 's go to hit they , and stop , flag flutter in the breeze . vig stand and speak into a megaphone as he man the 60mm . vig we be the Army of the United States of America . we be here to protect you . remain calm . archie and Chief leap from the humvee with weapon draw and they free hand hold up in a " halt " sign . the two iraqi guard look stunne as archie and Chief take they machine gun and put the Iraqis face down on the ground . they pull out plastic twist - handcuffs , as use in urban riot . archie hold up a thick white document . archie gate ( hand up ) order from President Bush , step aside . Troy run forward when a gaunt mother , with a baby in she arm , open she blouse , revealing she small breast . other peasant gather . iraqi mother with baby no milk . baby milk . Troy look shocked until archie suddenly push he past the iraqi mother and to the door of the bunker , which Chief hold . 40 41 42 43 35 . int . bunker # 1 - day 40 five iraqi soldier look disorient and scared as they hold they hand up in the air , stare at the cow blood on Troy and Chief 's uniform . archie gate do not panic . step outside -- ext . bunker - day 41 vig ( into megaphone ) we be here for you protection and _ safety . iraqi woman and child kiss vig 's foot . the five iraqi soldier exit the bunker with they hand raise , and the starve civilian spit and throw stone at they while " I get around " keep playing . a civilian man shout from a megaphone on the roof . vig look up . civilian man ( in Arabic ) the Americans be here , it be safe to fight now . vig y'all be cool now , this be the U. military in charge here . int . bunker # 1 - stairwell - day 42 archie run down the narrow stair of the bunker , follow by Troy and Chief . int . bunker # 1 - basement - day 43 Chief lash the stern iraqi soldier 's hand behind he back and cuff he . Troy shoot the door lock with he pistol . then back up and give it a run shoulder . the door do not budge . troy shit . he hold he shoulder in pain . archie kick the door repeatedly . Troy join he , it finally fly open . troy freeze . ( continued ) 36 . 43 continued : 43 Troy be embrace by a friendly iraqi soldier , about 25 . bunker # 1 friendly iraqi I be love United States of freedom . I be hate Saddam . Troy try some karate move , jerk he elbow to dislodge the iraqi from the bear hug -- troy ya -- ya -- ha -- Chief point he m - 16 in the iraqi 's face . chief let he go . the iraqi throw he hand in the air . bunker # 1 friendly iraqi no problem , my friend . 44 int . bunker # 1 - crate room - day '' 44 archie shove the stern iraqi into the room and go to a series of wooden crate the size of file cabinet , where Chief help archie take off he backpack . archie pull out a bolt cutter and open the crate , which be fill with hundred of kuwaiti passport . bunker # 1 friendly iraqi you look for the chemical weapon ? troy no . we look for the gold . bunker # 1 friendly iraqi gold be not here . bunker # 1 stern iraqi ( in Arabic ) shut the fuck up . they use the power tool to open the second crate -- also fill with hundred of passport . archie gate ( in Arabic ) where 's the gold ? the friendly iraqi look at the stern iraqi . ( continued ) 44 45 46 37 . continued : 44 bunker # 1 stern iraqi they move the gold . archie pull out the infrared map and show it to the stern iraqi , who say nothing . chief kill he . troy kill he . they point they gun . it 's a show . archie hold the map . archie gate where ? bunker # 1 stern iraqi ( point to map ) this bunker in other village . ext . village square - bunker # 1 - day 45 four new iraqi soldier , armed with rifle , run from the far side of the square and start shoot . thirty rock -throwing shiite scatter at the gunfire . two man fall to the ground as they be shot . wailing child ma-maa ! vig look terrify as the crowd scatter , leave he alone as he point he big unload pistol . the soldier point they rifle as they come towards vig , when suddenly two of they look to the side and shout . tanker attack soldier # 1 ( in Arabic ) stop the truck ! pan to a metal tanker truck three hundred yard out , bear down fast on the village square . the soldier OPEN FIRE on the truck . int . cab of tanker truck - day 46 the civilian riding shotgun fire back , as the windshield shatter on the truck . the driver be dead . the other civilian grab the wheel . 47 48 38 . ext . village square - bunker # 1 47 archie burst out the front door , follow by Troy and Chief . they freeze as -- the tanker truck careen sideways toward they , 50 foot away . a iraqi soldier fire a grenade -launcher off he shoulder , which explode the container on the back of the truck . milk explode everywhere , cascade in a small wave over archie and the other who have dive for cover . civilian woman with plastic container and ceramic jug rush out from alley and try to scoop up the milk . a skinny dog lap it up . other Shiites crowd the humvee and climb in . iraqi soldier drag the two body from the cab of the truck . ext . village square - bunker # 1 - troy and chief 48 point they gun in the crowd . archie gate move . out of the way . archie shove civilian peasant out of the humvee . pleading civilian woman hos-pital . she hold a shirtless boy of seven with a bandage around he entire chest . Chief push she off the humvee . pleading civilian man America help . he grab archie . Troy shove the man off the vehicle . vig start the engine . archie gate give they M.R.E.s . Troy rip open a large duffel and start hand out Army meal ration and bottled water to the crowd . iraqi soldier rip the mre from the civilian and step on they . vig lean on the horn . the friendly iraqi jump into the rear of the hummer as it start to pull away . archie shove the friendly iraqi out , and he land on he ass in the swarm of chase civilian . archie and Troy look back at the debacle as they pull away . 49 50 three king - Rev. 12/16/98 39 . ext . desert / cemetery - day 49 & the humvee be stop in front of a rural cemetery . 50 chief I be all right , I be cool . right here , right now . I be good . he lie down and breathes heavily with a hand on he chest . vig you would think this would stop a guy . Sand nig -- I mean a-rab come with he a.k. like so , I make my move , ' yo crawdaddy -- ' troy what the fuck be go on ? the civilian be spitting on the soldier , the soldier be shoot civilian and ignore we ? archie gate they be after civilian now . vig why do they blow up that milk truck ? chief to starve the people out . troy why ? archie gate Bush tell the people to rise up against Saddam . they think they would have we support , they do not , and now they be get slaughter . the other , all drench in sweat , take off they gas suit ; they uniform be underneath . they see two peasant close the lid on a simple pine coffin , with a tie-died blanket cover the corpse inside . chief where 's the next bunker ? archie be look at the map , think . ( continued ) 50 51 52 three king - Rev. 12/16/98 40 . continued : 50 troy it 's about 20 click on the map , accord to what that guy say . archie gate no it 's not . push in to archie as he stare at the map , then think . flashback - ext . village square - bunker # 1 51 push in on the well at the village center -- see two man in traditional robe wear a AK - 47 beneath , pan down to they military boot . ext . desert - cemetery - day ( present ) 52 archie gate the real bunker 's at the well . in the center of town . troy what town ? archie gate the town we just come from . we go to the decoy bunker . that guy be lie , it 's back where we come from . troy I can not do this , okay ? I have gota family and if I shit in a bag the rest of my life cuz I get shot after the war 's already over that would be pretty fuck stupid , would not it ? archie gate what be the most important thing in life ? troy what the fuck be you talk about ? archie gate what be it ? the most important thing . vig money . ( continued ) 52 three king - Rev. 12/16/98 40a . continued : 52 archie gate money come , money go . troy respect . archie gate too dependent on other people . chief God 's will . archie gate Close . troy what be it ? archie gate necessity . troy as in what ? archie gate people do what be most necessary to they at any give moment . right now it be most necessary for Saddam 's troops to put down the uprising . as long as we do not interfere with that , we can do what we want . they will not touch we . troy ( to Chief ) do this feel right to you ? chief yeah , it feel right . we be mean to go back there . Troy pause . troy then I will be wear fashionable kevlar . vig I , too ! he pull a vest out of the humvee . vig do the same . three king - Rev. 11/28/98 41 . 53 ext . desert - marsh - day 53 walter drive the dune buggy through the fire- darken sky closer to Kuwait . oil fire dot the horizon . paco the cameraman sit in back . Adriana Cruz sit in the sidecar . adriana cruz where the hell be the bunker ? walter they be suppose to be right around here , how about this fire ? adriana cruz i_already do this story , goddamn it . time CUT to : same scene - later walter how about a rare pelican migration out by the marsh ? adriana cruz what ? time CUT to : same scene - later walter this brave pelican be migrate in spite of massive pollution -- adriana cruz fuck that . stop the fuck car . walter it 's chennowth , mar 'am . 54 ext . desert - marsh - day 54 the dune buggy be stop by the marsh . ukrainian pelican lie dead on the ground . adriana cruz I do not see any bunker , do you ? ( continued ) three king - Rev. 11/28/98 42 . 54 continued : 54 walter we will find Major Gates , mar 'am . adriana cruz bullshit . all we be find be ukrainian crane . walter pelican . adriana cruz I already do this story . you be waste my time . look at this poor fuck bird all cover in some kind of fuck oil ecological disaster thing ... ( suddenly start cry ) «+. it 's so goddamn horrible , Jesus , Jesus -- walter ( start cry ) poor fuck bird . look at they . it 's so sad . it 's so sad . I wish I never come here . adriana cruz ( stop cry ) you be not go to fuck I . he promise I the gold story and I be drive . walter ( still cry ) military regulation , you cannot drive . Adriana get in the dune buggy . the cameraman sit on the back . walter point he pistol at Cruz . walter get off the chennowth , mar 'am . Adriana start the buggy . walter do not make I shoot you , mar 'am . he do one of the defense move we see he practice earlier . the buggy pull out , leave he behind . he run after she . she disappear . he stand there . smash CUT to : 55 56 three king - Rev. 11/28/98 ext . desert - marsh - day walter sit there , distress . the dune buggy drive back from the distance , circle he . adriana cruz you gonna tell I where he be ? walter get out the chennowth , mar 'am . adriana cruz walter I do not need you if you I ... I ... I can not ... do not tell I . you will die fuck . please stop , out here , just like this * please stop . fuck bird . you * worthless piece of shit . she leave he again . same scene - later she drive back , circle he . adriana cruz where be he ? where be he ? come on , bitch , where be he ? walter it 's some village near karbala . she stop the dune buggy and he get in . ext . 437th civil affayr company - day 43 . 55 smash CUT to : 56 Captain Van meter stand self - consciously in front of a humvee . captain van meter I be walk , I be walk , I be talk , I be talk , try to look natural . I come over here and how about if I lean on it like this ? cathy daitch would you ever stand like that ? ( continued ) ee three king - Rev. 11/28/98 43a . 56 continued : 56 captain van meter let I see , I think I might . Jesus , this feel stupid . cathy no , it 's not stupid . captain van meter I be not really cut out for this , you know . there 's three terrific young guy in my unit that you should really talk to . cathy no . captain van meter this one kid , barlow , actually shot somebody yesterday which be a pretty big deal for we . cathy that 's not what we want . catch daitch this be why the captain 's story be never tell . captain have no patience to talk about themselves . captain van meter it 's true the captain 's story be never tell . cathy daitch so let 's do it , mister . let 's tell that captain 's story . I have get all morning . 57 ext . desert - road to village - day 57 archie gate faster . ( continued ) 57 58 59 44 , continued : 57 bach 's " gloria " play loud as vig drive and archie stare straight ahead as the humvee pick up speed . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 58 the hummer zip back into the same village square . a few peasant try to scoop milk from the blow - open milk truck and a soldier push they away . Children run around frenetically . a few body lie pile on the ground . two soldier stand around watch over everything , which have calm down somewhat . the humvee pull up to the village well , where the two disguise soldier stand . archie gate ( into megaphone ) United States military . put you weapon down . Troy and Chief leap out , hold rifle at arm 's length as they accost the two soldier disguise as peasant . chief put it down . Troy and Chief shove the two disguise soldier face down in the dirt , pull up they robe , take they weapon , and cuff they hand . the three iraqi soldier from the milk area jog over . Troy and Chief disarm this three soldier and remove the clip . vig hold the mount machine gun on all of they . vig do not make I smoke you ass , Abdul . we gonna have no nonsense this time . archie pull up a metal bunker door inside the well . int . bunker # 2 - corridor - day 59 archie run down a narrow cement corridor , pistol hold at arm 's length , white document in the other hand ; follow by Troy and Chief . the stern iraqi soldier step into the corridor at the far end , see archie come , look terrify , and run back . archie and Troy run right past the scared iraqi . Chief come third , slamm the stern iraqi face down and cuffing he . archie kick a door open and go in , follow by Troy . 60 45 . int . bunker # 2 - storeroom - day 60 archie and Troy burst in , point they weapon aggressively . troy freeze . a large room ; wall line with shelf full of brand - new appliance : blender , cuisinart , CD player , small tvs . a huge portrait of Saddam Hussein cover one wall . a television play a rerun of " happy day " in Arabic . another tv : CNN 's first report of the rodney King beat . a iraqi captain sit in a chair in front of the tvs . two iraqis sit , load rifle . two other sit at a radio . one try to figure out a stairmaster flash german . they all jump to they foot when archie burst in , except for the Captain watch " happy day " and CNN . archie gate by order of the cease - fire sign in safwan , March third , the United States military hereby confiscate all material steal by Iraq from the State of Kuwait -- one of the rifle-loading Iraqis try to run . Troy head he off with he rifle -- troy down . the other rifle - loader stand , look scared . bunker # 2 rifle iraqi # 1 ( in Arabic ) please do not hurt I , I surrender . whip pan to Chief , who turn the shortwave radio off , push the two Iraqis to the ground . one go peacefully , the other resist ; Chief smack he in the side of the head with he rifle , which fire accidentally . everyone grab they head and duck -- except archie . archie gate keep you goddamn finger off the trigger , Chief . ( continued ) 60 46 . continued : 60 chief sorry about that . archie be offer a cuisinart by the iraqi Captain . bunker # 2 iraqi storeroom captain for wife . archie gate I be divorced . he throw it on the floor and disarm the Captain . Troy have one rifle iraqi on the ground , but the second be on he knee , put a CD into a mini-stereo . bunker # 2 rifle iraqi # 2 newest and best . troy no , newest and best have better noise reduction . the iraqi look puzzle . troy less distortion . get down on the floor , okay ? he push the man face down , cuff he hand . olivia newton - JOHN 's " I wanna get physical " play . troy this be bad music , it 's bad for you . chief ( 0.s. ) hey -- whip pan to the resistant iraqi struggle to break away ; Chief punch he in the head twice ; the iraqi start cry . archie gate ( to iraqi Captain ) where 's the gold ? tell we so we do not have to kill you . troy there 's another room over here . pan to Troy , point to a narrow door in a corner of the room . archie kick it open . 61 62 47 . int . bunker # 2 - inner torture room - day 61 a bound , half - naked man in glass , clean -shaven , lie on a metal bed frame . there be a electric cable go to the bed frame . the man in glass shake . Troy watch archie walk over and yank the cable out . bunker # 2 interrogation sergeant I be just do my job , buddy . archie pause , then give the sergeant a backhand that send he fly to the corner . archie step on the man 's wrist , take a pistol out of he hand . Troy watch . archie turn and see nine civilian across the room : a pair of twin brother in western clothing , a woman in western clothing , two woman in traditional robe , and four child . the man and woman be bound and gag . archie step toward the civilian , but the interrogator , sa 'id , 35 , also a captain , step in he way . sa 'id this rebel Iraq problem . United States be out now . archie stare at sa'id with contempt . sa 'id we take they outside , so it do not bother you , okay , sir ? ( in Arabic ) take they out . the disarm iraqi sergeant nod and open a small rear door and push the rebel civilian out . archie walk back to the main room and point he pistol in sa'id 's face . archie gate take we to the basement . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 62 vig keep the five cuffed iraqi guard on the ground at gunpoint as 15 Shiites with crude club and slingshot encircle . bunker # 2 rebel America ! we beat Saddam now ! one of the civilian shoot a rock from the slingshot and nail a handcuff iraqi in the back of the head . ( continued ) 62 63 48 . continued : 62 vig do not start this shit again . the civilian and iraqi soldier back away as vig man the mount humvee machine gun . vig I know y'all shiite gettin ' yer ass whipped -- hey , what the hell be go on here ? pan to the nine civilian , and the naked man with glass , who be get dress , exite the bunker , ushere by the unarm iraqi sergeant . vig git on the fuck ground , arab . bunker # 2 interrogation sergeant prisoner stay . ( in Arabic ) do not you move . vig what the fuck be you talk about ? suddenly , a iraqi woman run up to the torture man with glass and embrace he , sobbing . a little girl with dirty cast on both break arm run up and hug he leg . the bound civilian prisoner start to walk away from the bunker as someone cut they rope , and the unarm sergeant have a fit . bunker # 2 interrogation sergeant ( in Arabic ) prisoner stay , do not move ! he and two other unarm iraqi soldier chase the prisoner , push they back . the free civilian shoot rock and club they . a cuffed guard try to fight back . vig swing toward he . vig goddamn it , everybody , calm down . int . bunker # 2 - stairway - day 63 archie run down several narrow set of cement stair , follow by sa'id , the other iraqi Captain , Troy , and Chief . ( continued ) 63 64 65 66 49 . continued : 63 bunker # 2 storeroom captain ( subtitle ; Arabic ) it 's my ass , donkey dick , Saddam will shoot I dead . sa 'id ( subtitle ; Arabic ) Saddam worry more about the rebel than the gold . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 64 the civilian crowd be beat on the unarm iraqi soldier who try to defend themselves ; the iraqi sergeant be hold on to the man in glass while the woman beat on he ; the little girl be shouting . suddenly a iraqi armored truck with a mount machine gun race up and seven Republican guard pour out swinging club , follow by a iraqi major , about 45 . the iraqi soldier savagely beat the civilian . vig look horrify as he watch . two soldier grab the woman from the sergeant hold the man in glass , the little girl chase she . vig this be the United States military . the iraqi major look vig over , then look back to he soldier as they round up eight civilian and make they lay face down . int . bunker # 2 - basement - day 65 Troy and Chief disarm two guard outside a door in the basement . archie go through the door , follow by sa'id and the other Captain . int . bunker # 2 - basement luggage room - day 66 Bright white cement , many overhead light and a high ceiling . empty but for 15 brand new , jumbo-sized Louis vuitton suitcase stand neatly in a row in the center of the room . archie stand look at the suitcase with Troy and Chief . ( continued ) 66 50 . continued : 66 several of the big vuitton suitcase be laid on they side by archie , Troy and Chief . the iraqi Captain pace frantically , punch and kick the wall and talk . bunker # 2 storeroom captain ( subtitle ; Arabic ) it 's Saddam 's gold . sa 'id ( subtitle ; Arabic ) shut up , he sign the treaty . the suitcase be quickly unzip . one suitcase be full of gleam antique silverware . one suitcase be full of jewelry . archie open one full of hundred of gold cartier watch . Troy and Chief slip a handful of jewelry into they pocket . the iraqi Captain go nut , throw himself on Chief 's back , choke Chief , who flail about . Troy punch the iraqi in the head and rip he off Chief . archie put he pistol in the man 's face . archie gate listen to I : we leave you alone to beat up you people , but everything you take from Kuwait belong to we now , understand ? he turn to Chief . archie gate put it back . chief why ? archie gate stick to the plan . the plan be for gold and we be not thief , we be recover Kuwait 's gold , correct ? Chief and Troy , out of breath , empty they pocket of jewelry . archie open another vuitton suitcase and push it aside -- it 's full of kuwaiti passport . ( continued ) 66 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 66 when Chief open the next suitcase , he freeze . archie look over and freeze . Troy close cuff behind the captain 's back and look over he shoulder -- wide -ey . the very large vuitton suitcase be fill with ten-kilo brick of gold . they all stare . Troy pick one up . troy be this five kilo ? archie hold another brick . archie gate that 's ten kilo . troy five , six , seven , eight , there 's thirty brick in this suitcase . chief Times 100 k each -- troy Three million dollar . archie open another large vuitton suitcase , and it be also fill with thirty bar . Troy open another suitcase , there 's another thirty bar . Chief open another , another thirty bar . they frantically check all of the suitcase . the handcuff captain be cry . archie gate ten suitcase ; sixty brick each . that 's thirty million dollar . archie , Chief , and Troy look at each other in shock . troy how do we get it out of here ? archie gate let 's see what we be deal with . smash CUT to : chief and troy struggle with archie to pick up the heavy , jumbo-sized suitcase sideways , like a table top . troy I be gonna get a fleet of Lexus convertible in different color . ( continued ) 66 67 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 52 . continued : ( 3 ) 66 chief I tell you Lexus do not make a convertible . troy I will bet you a Lexus they do . chief you be on for a Lexus , but it will not be a convertible . suddenly the suitcase rip apart and gold bar fall to the floor ; one land on Troy 's foot . he jump in pain . troy shit . archie , Troy and Chief hoist another suitcase sideways and the brick rip through and fall to the floor . chief they do not get it here in this bag . the tensilary strength go only to 200 pound . archie gate the what ? chief tensilary strength , it 's what the suitcase can hold . archie gate why would you know a word like that ? troy he work at a airport . chief 30 bar , 27 pound each be like 900 pound . the smaller vuitton handle 65 , maybe more . archie gate you get any more luggage here ? sa 'id look at he . int . bunker # 2 - basement luggage room - later 67 120 small , round and square vuitton overnight bag , laid out and open , cover the entire floor of the basement . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/8/99 53 . 67 continued : 67 Troy and Chief finish put two and three bar in each bag . troy we can not move all this . archie gate I see a truck by the gas station . troy what 's the shipping plan , sir ? archie gate I tell you that 's handle . troy we be in it now , I want to know the plan . chief we gotta know how we be get this home . archie gate my friend teebaux be french special force . 67a flashback - ext . 437th civil affayr company - day 67a push in on teebaux 's face as he bathes . 68 int . bunker # 2 - basement luggage room - day 68 archie gate ( 0.s. ) he 's gonna put it in barrel fill with oil and bury it . in a few week , we will drive it to yanbu -- troy where 's yanbu ? archie gate it 's a port in Saudi . archie gate ( 0.s. ) where another friend will ship it on a turkish boat up in the Red Sea to marsielle , where a french boat will take it to Baltimore -- ( continued ) 68 69 70 71 72 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 53a . continued : 68 chief get the truck . troy all right , let 's see what u- haul have on the lot today . omitted 69 int . bunker # 2 - stairway - day 70 Troy run up the stair . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 71 Troy run out the front door . troy conrad , we need a truck -- Troy stop and stare : he see the Soldiers have mostly subdued the civilian crowd , they have many people on the ground , some of they shouting . the woman be plead , the little girl stand with she . the man in glass , be still gag , and be subdued aggressively . amir' wife ( in Arabic ) let my husband go , you hold he too long , please , please . vig do you get it , hoo -a? troy ( distract monotone ) hoo -a , we get it . vig be it a lot ? troy ( distract monotone ) hoo-aaaaa . be you cool here ? vig they have be ignore I , but hurry up . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 72 Troy run across the square to a turquoise truck . three king - Rev. 1/8/99 53b . 73 int . / ext . truck in village square - day 73 Troy start the truck , drive back toward the well . troy ( under he breath ) ' Little deuce coupe with a flat head mill , she will walk a thunderbird like it 's standin ' still -- she will do a hundred and forty with the top end floor -- ' 74 75 76 77 54 . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 74 the twin brother in western clothing be be mock by soldier ; jump back as they be taunt . Troy park the turquoise truck close to the bunker , upset by what he see . troy ' she 's my little deuce coupe -- ' int . bunker # 2 - stairway - day 75 archie , Chief , sa 'id run up carry vuitton case . int . bunker # 2 - storeroom - day 76 they hurry past the huge poster of Saddam , the tvs playing " happy day " and rodney King , the many shelf of stereo , etc. , and past the soldier lie face down , handcuff . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 77 archie , Chief , and sa'id charge out of the bunker with vuitton luggage and put it onto the truck . archie and Chief survey the scene : iraqi soldier , who have be mock the twin in western clothing , be laugh . many civilian be subdued on the ground , some bleed . a cuffed iraqi guard kneel with a bleed head . Troy look at archie and Chief . the iraqi Major greet sa 'id warmly and they embrace . sa 'id ( in Arabic ) my brother , how be you ? this Americans be here to take back the gold . t.c. rep . guard major ( in Arabic ) no problem . then the Major salute archie . bunker # 2 troop carrier major you take the kuwaiti gold , yes ? archie gate we take the kuwaiti gold , yes . ( continued ) 55 . 77 continued : 77 t.c. rep . guard major Saddam can not keep . archie gate no , Saddam can not keep . t.c. rep . guard major Saddam have too many problem today . a rebel run past , throw a rock , be tackle by a soldier . archie gate he certainly do . t.c. rep . guard major you need help to load ? archie gate I think we be all right . t.c. rep . guard major ( in Arabic ) come over here , help he . two soldier jog over , out of breath . t.c. rep . guard major this man help you . sa 'id you go way fast from this bullshit . archie look at one soldier 's hand : blood on the knuckle , pan up to they face . archie gate let 's load up and go . smash CUT to : 78 int . / ext . bunker # 2 stair ( village square ) - day 78 Soldiers carry bag up the stair . a chain of four iraqi soldier and Troy , Chief , vig pass luggage into the truck . archie man the mount gun and watch . captive civilian and iraqi soldier watch . troy Lay that one flat ; okay , sideways -- ( continued ) 78 79 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 56 . continued : 78 the truck be completely full ( include the passenger seat ) . they be finish , and very sweaty . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 79 Troy get in the truck , slam the door . Chief and vig be in the humvee . archie sit in the humvee 's driver seat , slam the door . he look at the iraqi woman , far to the side who be be restrain and shouting in Arabic . amir' wife ( to Americans , in Arabic ) do not go . they will kill my husband . the girl in arm cast be scream and punch the leg of the soldier restrain she mother . the sergeant and another soldier pull the iraqi woman away , stand she in a open area , and shoot she dead . Troy jerk in he seat and turn away . archie bow he head to the steering wheel . Chief look down . vig stare wide -ey . the girl in arm cast scream , be grab by the hair and pull away . the man in glass scream , grab he daughter , be throw down and menace with a knife . archie get out of the humvee and slam the door . archie gate this have to stop . t.c. rep . guard major you go now , please . he salute archie . archie gate I do not think so . t.c. rep . guard major that man leader of uprising . troy archie , let 's stick to the plan , sir , the plan be for gold , right ? chief we can help they , then be on we way . ( continued ) 79 80 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 57 . continued : 79 troy no , we can not . it 's not what we be here for . archie gate cover I . Troy get out of the truck , Chief get out of the humvee , and they nervously point they rifle at iraqi soldier who point they gun back . vig jump to he foot and man the 60 mm as archie walk over to the iraqi soldier menace the man in glass with a knife . archie gate no unnecessary shot , conrad , cuz we know what they do . vig make infect pocket fill with bile , sir . archie gate that 's right , that 's what they do . they watch with trepidation as archie grab the iraqi soldier 's wrist , pull the blade away . the soldier grab for archie 's throat with he free hand , but archie grab this hand , twist it away , put the iraqi ina choke hold , drop the soldier to the dirt . the man in glass , clutching he daughter , run to the body of he dead wife and weep while he daughter pray . amir' daughter ( in Arabic ) Allah watch over my mommy . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 80 archie walk back to the iraqi Major by the humvee . archie gate I want you to leave this town . sa 'id Saddam kill we if we leave . kill we family . archie gate ( to Major ) take all you soldier and get out . ( continued ) 80 81 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 58 . continued : 80 Troy , Chief , vig point they gun . the iraqi Major be piss . t.c. rep . guard major we give you the gold , now u.s.a. be out of civil war . the iraqi Major raise he machine gun as he stand next to the humvee , but archie grab the barrel and hold it down . archie gate no shoot . sa 'id okay , okay , we work something out . the Major smashes the barrel of he machine gun , with archie 's hand , against the humvee . archie wince , but do not let go . instead , the Major do it again , smash archie 's hand . archie wince , do not let go . the Major try to jerk the barrel up , but archie push it down , and it fire by accident , into the Major 's leg . the Major howl with pain . blood dribble out of the bottom of he pant leg like piss . Troy cover iraqi # 4 with he rifle , can not see archie . troy what 's happen ? archie gate Accident . stay cool . vig nervously swing the mount machine gun from one iraqi in the rear to another , but do not shoot . iraqi soldier point they rifle at the Americans . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 81 troy no . whip pan to iraqi # 4 : jerk he rifle toward archie and fire . the SOUND cut out . ( continued ) 81 82 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 59 . continued : 81 slightly slow motion : whip pan from iraqi rifle to archie . the only sound be the bullet piercing the flesh of archie 's lower leave arm and tear he muscle as it pass through . archie grimace violently in pain . slightly slow motion : Troy fire he pistol . no SOUND except for the slow motion sound of the bullet exploding . slow motion : the bullet tear through iraqi # '' chest . the only sound be the iraqi 's heartbeat , the bullet tearing flesh and crushing bone , and the heartbeat stopping with a violent splash . iraqi # 4 fall to the ground with only a dull thud and the slow clank of he gear . regular speed : vig swing the mount machine gun from one iraqi to another , but still do not shoot . he look terrify as he finger twitches on the trigger . iraqi # 2 fire a pistol twice . slightly slow motion : a bullet tear into Troy 's chest with a dull SNAP . he wince in pain . pan to Chief as he fire he rifle . pan to -- slightly slow motion ; no sound except the bullet tearing into iraqi # 2's knee , smash through bone . he fall to the ground clutching he leg . slightly slow motion : vig swing the mount machine gun and fire . no sound but the slow crack of the red tracer bullet exploding from the gun . slow motion : tracer bullet slice across the face of iraqi # 3 and the iraqi sergeant in the rear ; no sound but the bullet breaking through bone and flesh . slow motion : archie jam he pistol under the Major 's chin and fire -- the only sound be the slow explosion of the gun , and the slow tearing of tissue , end with a sharp SNAP as the tissue , bone and the bullet crack out the top of the iraqi Major 's head . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 82 high angle looking down -- replay of entire shootout at regular speed . ending on the wide - eye Little girl with she hand in she mouth , stare . 83 84 85 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 60 . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 83 another angle -- replay of entire shootout at regular speed . ending on Troy wince as he hold he chest . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 84 & the dead iraqi Major lie face down in sand with eye 85 open ; sa 'id hold he hand and weep . archie 's lightly blood - fleck face stare down at the dead Major , cloud pass overhead . Dead iraqi # 4 lie with leg twisted under he body . a rivulet of blood trickle through the sand . a spider run across it and get stick . low angle - up at chief Stone still , stare straight ahead as cloud pass slowly above he in the sky . vig nervously swing the mount machine gun back and forth . Troy , drench in sweat , look pain as he unbutton he shirt : there 's a gunshot in he kevlar vest . the slug drop out of the dent , into he hand -- he exhales . Iraqis # 5 , # 6 , # 7 and the sergeant , throw they hand up in surrender and drop they weapon . archie point . archie gate cover this three . vig swing the mount machine gun toward the three remain iraqi soldier who stand over eight terrify civilian . archie gate Chief . Chief follow archie over to the three iraqi soldier . chief down . the soldier get on they knee , plead for mercy . ( continued ) 84 85 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 61 . continued : 84 85 t.c. rep . guard # 2 ( in Arabic ) please do not kill I . Chief take the iraqi soldier ' gun and push they down . archie gate put the people in the humvee . troy there 's no room . archie gate make room . troy what happen to the plan ? archie gate it just change . troy not for I , let 's go . Chief point to the civilian . chief what if that be you ? Troy display the gunshot in the kevlar . troy what if this be you not wear kevlar ? civilian and iraqi soldier watch the debate nervously . suddenly , the sound of a approaching tank . they turn . a tank roll toward they fast , down a narrow side street , follow by a truck . troy great , a fuck tank . that should send we on we way . vig l.a.w. , sir . vig lift the l.a.w. rocket , extend the tube . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/8/99 62 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 & & 85 85 archie gate no . let 's get out of here . troy it 's about fuck time . Troy jump into the luggage - pack truck , start the engine . vig start the humvee ; archie jump in next to vig . pan to the eight civilian -- the twin brother , the woman in western clothing , the traditional woman and she two kid , plus the man in glass and the Little girl , jam into the crowded humvee . Chief jump in . the tank approach . the humvee pull away . the tank roll in from the side . bunker # 2 megaphone iraqi soldier ( subtitle ; Arabic ) the Americans can not save you . they be leave the Gulf . give up . the tank turret whine and click , stick in place . a iraqi pop out the top of the tank . tank turret iraqi ( in Arabic ) push it , come on . he gesture to the whining , stick turret . another iraqi try push the turret . the truck pull up . 86 ext . / int . desert road from village / hummer - day 86 as it bounce along fast . archie be in pain while Chief pour disinfectant over the flesh wound in archie 's lower leave arm , and wrap it . vig look terrify as he drive . 87 int . truck 87 Troy , drive alone , speed the truck as fast as it will go , bounce along the road . troy we be home free , you stupid son of a bitch . 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 63 . ext . desert - wide aerial shot - road from village - day 88 the truck be 60 yard behind the humvee . archie gate ( v.o. ) what 's the tank do ? ext. / int . desert - road from village / hummer - Pov shot 89 through jiggling binoculars of the tank turn . chief ( 0.s. ) line we up -- back to scene vig push the humvee 's accelerator to the floor . the civilian man in glass and he Little girl cling to the humvee with six other civilian , include two five - year- old , a boy and girl . ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 90 two iraqi soldier set up a mortar and load it with a round . a gunshot ring out , a soldier be hit in the arm . ext . village square - rooftop - day 91 whip pan to a civilian boy with a old rifle behind the decorative roof of a building . Iraqis shout and point at the sniper . the tank turn to the building . omitted 92 ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 93 the tank fire and blow away a section of decorative roof . omitted 94 ext . village square - bunker # 2 - day 95 the iraqi soldier FIRE a mortar toward the humvee , half a mile away . chief ( v.o. ) here it come . 96 97 98 99 100 101 64 . ext . desert - road from village - hummer - day 96 vig turn the speed humvee off the road . archie jerk the wheel back . archie gate stay on the road . vig i_do not wanna get hit . slow motion : Chief look straight up with the binocular . ext . sky - chief' Pov - day 97 slow motion : a mortar streak across the sky . ext ./ int . desert - road from village / hummer - day 98 rear of humvee , slow motion : half the civilian hunch down , brace for a explosion while the other half crane they neck , look straight up into the sky . they cower when there be a explosion above . regular speed : pan up to the mortar as it explode in the sky a hundred yard above the humvee -- into a yellow / white cloud . chief gas. ext . village square - bunker # 2 99 Iraqis FIRE two more gas mortar . ext . desert - road from village - troy's truck - day 100 Troy lean out the window of the move truck and squint up at the white / yellow gas cloud above as he drive fast . ext. / int . desert - road from village / hummer - day 101 archie and Chief grapple to put on they gas mask . vig reach around behind he for he mask as he drive . vig where 's my mask ? 102 103 104 105 106 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 65 . ext./ int . desert - mine field / hummer - day 102 he accidentally veer off the road into the open desert . zoom in to a field of mine sit right on top of the sand , 20 yard ahead . ( iraqi mine be often place this way . ) zoom in on archie 's alarmed face . archie gate mine . archie grab the woman in western clothing and dive from the humvee follow by vig , Chief , the man in glass hold the Little girl , the other civilian , include the two five - year-old . the hummer drive ten yard , hit the first mine with a explosion and fly into the air -- int . troy's truck - day 103 Flying debris smashes the windshield . Troy instinctively jerk the wheel and the truck flip onto its side and slide across the sand . ext . desert - mine field 104 the airborne humvee land on its side , hit another mine , be blown into the air , land on its back , be blown to piece . ext./ int . desert - mine field - troy's truck - day 105 Troy sit sideways as the truck slide across the sand to a halt inch before a mine , 30 yard behind the wreck humvee . ext . desert - mine field - day 106 silence . a wheel on the wreck humvee spin in the air , squeaking . Louis vuitton suitcase be scattered all over . one have open and the gold bar be spill around . vig 's right eye have take shrapnel and be a bloody mess -- he grope in the sand as blood drip down . 108 107 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 66 . ext . desert - mine field - day 108 Chief pull a syringe from a sterile packet , be about to stick it into he leg when archie grab he hand . archie gate this be not sarin . we would be dead by now . chief be it mustard ? archie gate no , it 's C.S. chief tear-gas ? archie gate tear gas time ten . where 's barlow ? chief I can not even see the truck . archie put he gas mask on the little girl with arm cast . Chief take he mask off when he see what archie have do and give it to the civilian man in glass . civilian stagger to they foot , some cut and bleed , some limping . they cover they face with they clothes as the dense white / yellow fog descend around they . Chief pick up vig , who stand , blink he one good eye , while blood stream down he face . he see he big pistol in the sand with some loose shell , pick they up and put they in he pocket . chief cover you face , conrad . cover you mouth , man . vig where 's Troy ? vig be in shock . Chief lift vig 's bloody hand to vig 's mouth . ext . desert - mine field - day 107 unseen in the fog , Troy climb out of the overturn truck . ( continued ) 107 109 110 111 through 112 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 67 . continued : 107 he pick up two vuitton hat case , look up , see the two little child from the humvee , run across a mine - field scream . troy hey . stop. Troy stand watch as the child run farther away , cry . troy goddamn it . he run , hard , after the child , who be now 70 yard away , the vuitton hat case bang against he leg . ext . desert - mine field - day 109 Troy chase the child through the white / yellow fog , eye tear . he drop one of the suitcase , catch up to the girl and scoops she up in he leave arm and cover she face with she coat . Troy run between land mine after the boy , who be way ahead . Troy drop the other vuitton bag , catch the boy and have both child under he arm like football -- when suddenly Troy be grab from behind with a cord around he neck -- he land on he back with the two child in he arm . troy's Pov looking up 110 sa'id , wear a gas mask , kick Troy in the head . the scream child be tear from Troy 's arm by iraqi soldier . Troy reach for he knife and it be rip from he hand as he be drag to a iraqi truck . ext . desert - mine field - day 111 through 112 archie and Chief circle through the thick haze , each carry a vuitton hat case and cover they mouth and nose , choke and cough . about five civilian wander around , confuse . vig look out . ( continued ) 112 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 67a . continued : ( Al ) 112 archie spin around , drop the bag and point he pistol . two black - robe figure wear Russian gas mask pick up vuitton hat case . archie gate do not move . a black -robe figure walk right past archie , carry a vuitton bag , and take one of the scared twin man by the arm and lead he to the side . ( continued ) 112 113 114 68 . continued : 112 more black - cloak figure appear . there be thirty in all , wear Russian mask . archie , Chief and vig look disorient , as archie point he pistol around as black robe grab suitcase and lead the civilian away . vig what 's go on ? ext . desert - mine field - tunnel entrance - day 113 the robe lead the civilian to a four-foot-high tunnel entrance in a mound of desert earth and disappear into it . vig stand and rub he one good eye , cough . Chief grab vig by the arm and pull he back toward the tunnel . chief get in the tunnel . vig jerk he arm away . vig Troy . Chief grab vig. chief you be gonna die . vig punch Chief in the side of the head . Chief punch vig in the stomach . they fall to the ground , fight . archie search for Troy in the white / yellow haze . archie gate barlow . two black - robe figure pull vig off Chief and drag he to the tunnel . another robe figure pull Chief to the tunnel . archie walk , look for Troy , choke , vomit into the sand . a black -robe figure take he by the arm and pull he back to the tunnel , where they disappear inside . int . tunnel - day 114 Chaos . people choke and vomit ( six civilian , archie , Chief , vig ) . Gas lantern swing . ( continued ) 114 115 & 116 117 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 69 . continued : 114 the tunnel be six foot tall . bucket be pass , fill with oile rag that people use to wipe they face . archie take a drip rag and wipe he eye , nose , mouth . vig we have to go back . we can not leave he there . vig 's mutilate right eye be bleed . archie gate we have to wait until it clear . vig you_made the choice and we lose Troy -- archie gate I have no choice . vig you_had a choice . archie gate i_had no fuck choice . vig start cry . Chief hand a bandage to archie , who put it over vig 's wounded eye socket . vig what about Troy ? what choice do he have now ? pan across the man in glass as he wipe he daughter 's face . omitted 115 & 116 ext . oasis bunker # 3 - day 117 Republican Guards strip Troy 's clothes as he stand in front of Oasis bunker . ( continued ) 117 118 three king - Rev. 11/28/98 70 . continued : 117 other soldier pull off gas mask ; one be sa'id . a iraqi tank be park to the side . small number of Republican Guards and civilian mill about . republican guard # 1 ( subtitle ; Arabic ) can we shoot he ? republican guard # 2 ( subtitle ; Arabic ) we be not suppose to hold any Americans . sa 'id ( subtitle ; Arabic ) he 's proof they break the cease - fire . a gun shot ring out . the Iraqis turn to look . sa 'id ( in Arabic ) they be take the tank . pan to seven civilian with rifle as they climb the unmanned iraqi tank . four Republican Guards FIRE back at the civilian . Troy , in he short , try to break away in the chaos . he run for it , past a fence , be tackle and drag toward the bunker , sand all over he face -- he see Adriana Cruz drive up on the far side of the tank . troy ( scream ) hey , walter . hey -- ext . desert - oasis bunker # 3 - day 118 Adriana Cruz drive the dune buggy up and stop -- they can not hear Troy over the tank and dune bughy' engine and commotion . adriana cruz start shoot , paco . walter I do not like this , we gotta go -- ( continued ) 118 119 120 121 three king - Rev. 11/28/98 71 . continued : 118 back to troy troy ( scream ) hey , walter , walter . they do not hear he . Troy be drag into the bunker . Republican Guards pull walter and Adriana off the dune buggy . walter hey . adriana cruz let_me handle this . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day 119 Troy be lead , naked , down the corridor by two soldier . ext . desert - oasis bunker # 3 - day 120 civilian rebel sit on top of the capture tank with rifle as it drive toward the bunker . Republic Guards FIRE on they , but the turret aim at the bunker and fire -- blasting a hole . int . oasis bunker # 3 - crude bathroom - day 121 Troy be throw onto the floor of a cluttere cement bathroom with two crude toilet . his clothes be throw on top of he . republican guard # 1 get dress . troy okay . republican guard # 1 get dress . troy i_said okay . the door be slam . stolen blender , radio , CD , stack of new Levis litter the floor . Troy kick all the crap angrily and dozen of cell phone tumble from a box . ( continued ) 121 72 . continued : 121 Troy look at the pile of cell phone , pick one up , try it for a dial tone , drop it , try another , until he get one that give he a tone and dial . operator ( v.o. ) ( in Arabic ) can I help you ? Troy look stunne . troy ( into the cell phone ) um . do you speak English ? operator ( v.o. ) ( british accent ) yes . troy ( into cell phone ) can you -- I need -- he frantically push stuff on the floor to block the door . operator ( v.o. ) what number , please ? troy operation Desert Storm . operator ( v.o. ) I be sorry ? troy the big army in the desert , come on , it 's a emergency . operator ( v.o. ) I do not have that number . troy maybe you could -- hello ? the phone be dead . troy fuck . he throw it to the ground , try another , no dial tone , throw it , try another , no dial tone , throw it . ( continued ) 121 122 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 121 troy come on , come on , come on . he try another , chuck it , another , get a dial tone , dial , and wait while the phone ring . int . troy's home ( detroit , michigan ) - intercut oasis 122 bunker - crude bathroom - day debbie , Troy 's wife , pick up the ringing telephone and have be wake up . she have a crying baby on she arm . debbie ( Southern accent ) hello ? troy honey , it 's I . debbie Troy ? troy it 's I , honey . debbie my God , the baby 's cry . troy I can hear she . debbie that 's we little krystal . troy how 's she do ? debbie she have not be sleep good , and my mother have to go back to work , so I be real tired , baby . troy I wish I be there to help , gooney - bird . debbie oh , gooney - bird , when be you come home ? troy I be work on that right now , baby . ( continued ) 122 continued : 74 . 122 debbie I see a ad for a computer job . you want I to call and set up a interview ? troy listen , honey -- debbie what date be you come home ? troy they have not give we a exact date yet . listen -- debbie I be henpeck you . troy no , you be not . debbie I be lonely and tired and most of all , I miss you . troy I miss you , too . FIRE and concrete explode into one wall of the bathroom . debbie what be that ? troy the wall just explode . debbie I think the war be over , honey . troy it be and it be not , babe . can you do I a favor and call the reserve center ? debbie you want I to call the reserve center ? troy tell the duty n.c.o . I be stick in a bunker near 223 north outside karbala -- ( continued ) 75 . 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 debbie what do you mean ' stick ' ? I think the war be over . troy I be gonna be fine , honey , I do not want you to worry , I try to do something for the family , and I want you to know -- debbie know what ? a tank round smashes through the wall , cover Troy in dust . troy that I love you . debbie what 's happen , Troy ? troy tell krystal -- Republic Guards push at the door , try to open it . debbie Troy ? troy tell krystal I be a rich man and if thing work out she will be take care of no matter what -- debbie what be you talk about ? the door be kick open and Republican Guards enter . troy gotta go , gooney - bird , I love you -- Republic Guards 1 & 2 punch Troy in the face , drag he from the room . debbie Troy ? she wait for a moment , tear in she eye , and hang up . 123 124 through 125 three king - Rev. 11/28/98 76 . int . oasis bunker # 3 - tv room - day 123 a tank round rock the room ; soldier frantically exit . CNN be leave playing in the empty room with Adriana Cruz 's report from the previous day . " I just want to celebrate " play : adriana cruz ( v.o. ) spirit be high and the music be soar as this young troops celebrate -- ext . desert - oasis bunker # 3 - day 124 through 125 Republican Guards shoot rebel off the tank and re-take it . pull back to Adriana Cruz and paco , the cameraman . adriana cruz ( cry ) look at this fuck people shoot this kid , for Christ 's fuck sake , fuck it , fuck it , fuck it . ( stop cry ) I be be hold captive by iraqi troops at a bunker far outside the gritty city of karbala , where shiite -- paco you say gritty city again . adriana cruz ( scream , cry ) who fuck give a shit this people be die , you asshole . paco what about private wogoman , Adriana ? adriana cruz let 's lay a few of this down first . in three , two , and , I be be hold captive in a gritty area outside karbala , where Shiites and other be rise up -- pan to walter stripped naked by Republic Guards . ( continued ) 125 126 127 three king - Rev. 11/28/98 77 . continued : 125 republican guard lieutenant ( in Arabic ) I do not want the reporter to see this . republican guard sergeant ( in Arabic ) hey , that 's the n.b.s. woman . republican guard sergeant # 2 ( in Arabic ) wow . she 's much taller in person . republican guard lieutenant ( in Arabic ) get they out of here now . ext . desert - near oasis bunker # 3 - later 126 walter sit in the chennowth , naked . Adriana Cruz in the passenger seat , paco in the back . Republican guard pull the tape out . she grab it back . adriana cruz that 's mine . walter could I have my pants , please ? they hand he he sock . walter pant . on my leg . they give he he helmet . ext . 437th civil affayr company - day 127 cathy daitch what do you want to be as a boy ? captain van meter I think I want to be either a veterinarian or a c.i.a. sharp shooter . colonel horn Doug ? captain van meter yes , Colonel . ( continued ) 127 128 129 78 . continued : 127 colonel horn what the fuck be you do ? captain van meter I be give a interview to c.b.s. colonel horn do you have authorization ? Van meter pull out a paper and hand it over . colonel horn ( look at paper ) no . captain van meter no ? colonel horn who give you this ? captain van meter Major Gates . colonel horn archie Gates give you this ? Jesus Christ , doug. captain van meter I do not get to do the interview . colonel horn no , you do not get to do the interview . int . tunnel - day 128 archie , Chief , vig , and dozen of civilian crouch as they walk through the tunnel , single file , carry vuitton bag . dissolve to : same scene - later they be still walk in the long tunnel . omitted 129 130 131 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 79 . int . cavern - hallway - day 130 they enter a cavernous room . a line of ten child with miss limb and bandage stand and watch archie , Chief and vig enter . they make eye contact . int . oasis bunker # 3 - interrogation room - closeup - 131 hand of sa 'id - day carefully wrap a bare wire around Troy 's right ear . sa 'id ( heavy accent ) what be you rank , bro ? troy sergeant . sa 'id you company ? troy 437th Civil affair company , U.S. Army Reserve . the wire be wrap under Troy 's chin around he other ear . sa 'id my main man . tell I something , okay ? what be problem with Michael Jackson ? troy what do you mean ? sa 'id the King of pop. woo-hoo . troy yeah , Michael Jackson . sa 'id he come to Egypt . I see picture in newspaper . hello with the white glove . I be King of pop in my hotel with my chop - up face . Troy look at he . sa 'id you country make he chop up he face . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/8/99 80 . 131 continued : 131 troy I do not think so . sa 'id Michael Jackson be pop King of sick fahking country . troy bullshit . Troy be smashed in the face with a clipboard . he look angry , and like he could cry at the same time . sa 'id you be the blind bullshit , my main man . it be so obvious the black man make he skin white and the hair straight -- you know why ? troy no . sa 'id you sick fahking country make the black man hate hisself , just like you hate the arab and the child you bomb over here . troy I do not hate child . ( pause ) this be illegal , you know . the war 's over . sa 'id yeah , the war be over , that 's why you be illegal , man . you break the cease - fire , I think maybe even you steal the gold , so nobody know where you be , right ? you army do not know . I send to you Baghdad for a long time . nobody find you . Troy look scared . troy they will find I . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/8/99 81 . 131 continued : ( 2 ) 131 sa 'id do they care , buddy ? troy do who care ? sa 'id do you army care about the child in Iraq ? do they come back to help ? troy no , they be not come . sa 'id signal someone 0.s. Troy turn to look , scared . sa 'id ( in Arabic ) get it ready . o.b. # 3 interrogation Guard # 1 gesture at a console that be connect to the wire around Troy 's jaw . o.b. # 3 interrogation Guard # 2 reach forward and turn a dial . interrogation Guard # 1 murmur defensively and turn the dial back . sa 'id just get it ready . ( in Arabic ) come on . they touch a loose wire to metal rod , it spark . they connect it to Troy 's wire . sa 'id turn back to Troy . sa 'id be they come to help the shiite ? troy no. sa 'id tell the truth , dudesky . save we the big bummer . troy that 's the truth . sa 'id signal the guard -- Troy brace . the guard turn a dial , voltage race through the wire , and Troy 's face contort with pain , he tooth chip as he gnashes they together , he bite he lip . Troy start shaking slightly . ( continued ) 131 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 82 . continued : ( 3 ) 131 sa 'id do it hurt ? Troy say nothing . sa 'id I ask you question , man . troy yes , it hurt . ( continued ) 131 132 continued : 83 . ( 4 ) 131 sa 'id you bomb my family . do you know that ? you blow up my home . the whole street . my wife be crush by big fahking block of concrete . she lose she leg , bro , and she get nice leg , too . that leg cut off now . emotion come into sa'id 's voice as he say this . the other closeup - troy ( whisper ) that 's horrible . sa 'id what ? troy ( whisper ) I say , that 's horrible . sa 'id oh , my God , buddy . I do not even tell you the horrible part yet . two guard listen sadly . sa 'id my son be kill in he bed . do you hear that , dude ? troy yes . sa 'id he be one year old . he be asleep with he toy doll when the bomb come . you see that guy over there ? he lose he daughter same way : big u.s.a. bomb . two guard one of they wipe away a tear . fantasy - bedroom 132 concrete and plaster fall onto the bed of a sleep child . end of fantasy . 84 . 133 int . oasis bunker # 3 - interrogation room - day 133 troy I have a daughter . sa 'id very nice for you , bro . she be safe in Ohio without the bomb and concrete and all this shit -- troy I be not from Ohio . 134 fantasy - ext . tree - line STREET - day 134 Debbie push a baby carriage down a idyllic tree - line sidewalk . sa 'id ( v.o. ) how old be she ? troy ( v.o. ) ten day old . sa 'id ( v.o. ) what 's she name ? end of fantasy . 135 int . oasis bunker # 3 - interrogation room - day 135 troy krystal . sa 'id what make you decide to tell I about krystal , my main man ? troy because we be both father . sa 'id I be not a father no more , dude , remember ? my son be dead now . they stare at each other . sa 'id can you think how it feel inside you heart if I bomb you daughter ? 136 fantasy - ext . troy's house ( detroit STREET ) - day 136 a bomb blows in a window on Debbie and the baby . 137 138 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 85 . omitted 137 int . cavern - large room - day 138 two dozen people be lay down , be treat by black robe and the woman in western clothing , who squeeze aloe onto facial blister . at the end of the hall , archie grit he tooth in pain as a Black robe use a turkey baster to shoot alcohol into he infect wound . Chief pray next to some praying civilian ; he have white ointment on he face . a Black robe change vig 's bloody bandage , while a dead body be laid next to vig and wrap in cloth ; two Black robe chant . vig be that guy dead ? where you gonna put he ? be that guy dead ? where 's he go ? black robe a shrine . vig a shrine ? what kind of shrine y'all get ? black robe shrine that wash 700 year of sin . vig hey , that 's a pretty good shrine , right , Chief ? Chief keep praying , off to the side . vig I be sorry I hit you , man . I be scared for Troy , I do not want nothing to happen to he , he 's my friend . Chief ? come on , man , I know you be comin ' to help I -- vig reach out blindly for Chief 's hand . Chief look for a moment at vig 's hand in the air , reach , then take it . they remain silent for a moment , hand clasped . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/27/99 86 . 138 continued : 138 vig thanks man , I do not wanna hold no grudge . maybe we get kick out of the ring of Jesus fire . chief that 's not how it work . vig how do it work ? chief I take care of what Jesus put in front of I ; I do not ask no question . he put the gold in front of I , I take it . vig what about now ? archie walk up , he arm bandage , and inspect vig 's face . archie gate how you do , conrad ? vig say nothing . archie gate it be my choice today . you can try to head back if you want , take you share and bury it , I will find barlow myself . they look at he . chief I be here , I be ready . vig I want to find Troy . archie gate okay . let 's check the suitcase . smash CUT to : archie , chief and vig check the vuitton suitcase , open they , look at the gold , shutting they . pan to child in bandage watch archie inventory the gold . ( continued ) 138 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 87 . continued : ( 2 ) 138 chief we be miss 28 . archie gate that leave 92 suitcase , three bar each -- they think . archie gate 23 million dollar . not bad for a disaster , provide we can find barlow and not get court - martiall . he look at Chief and vig . the man in glass ( amir ) put oil on he little girl 's face , they be both cry . archie gate how be she ? amir do not answer . chief how -- be -- you -- little -- girl ? vig wear he eye bandage ; he mime the girl . vig Broken -- arm . girl . amir she 's traumatize , what the fuck do you expect ? but maybe I should thank you for save what 's leave of we life . they look at he , surprised . amir I go to b-school at bowl Green . I speak English , okay ? vig what 's b-school ? be that like terrorist training ? chief Business school , conrad . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/27/99 88 . 138 continued : ( 3 ) 138 amir I come back to open a couple of hotel near karbala . I be almost in the black when this stupid war start and you guy bomb the shit out of my cafe . now we try to get rid of Saddam , Bush leave we twist in the wind , un - be - fuck - lievable , man . woman in western clothing ( shriek hysterically ) why do President leave we now ? there be too many body , we do not have medicine -- man in western clothing ( scream ) where be the army now ? where be America now ? traditional woman ( shriek ) stay with Saddam , see what you get . the twin pace nervously , cover they ear . archie , Chief , vig be watchful as people scream . archie gate you get a radio ? amir no radio . no water . he wipe bit of white foam from the corner of he mouth . archie gate where 's barlow ? amir they get he , I see it happen . archie gate where would they take he ? amir Oasis bunker . it 's full of Saddam 's hardcore guy . chief where 's that ? ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/27/99 89 . 138 continued : ( 4 ) 138 amir like 17 -- 18 klick from here . archie gate take we there . amir we get no wheel . archie gate we will walk until we find some . amir why do not you call in the Marines ? archie gate with what ? we do not have a radio . amir okay , we will find a vehicle . you drive back to get the chopper , then fly in to get you man . Chief and vig look at archie . archie gate we can not do that . amir why not ? you get a huge army here . archie gate we be not suppose to be involved with the uprising . we kill iraqi soldier . we break the peace accord . amir you know what I think ? I think maybe you be steal the gold . that 's what I think . we be fight Saddam and die and you be steal gold . archie look at he . archie gate you be wrong . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/27/99 90 . 138 continued : ( 5 ) 138 amir they get half a million man in the desert , they send four guy to pick up all this bullion ? I do not think so . archie gate we need to find we man . how much do you want to take we there ? amir be it still yours to give ? the only reason you have this bag be my people pick they up . archie look at Chief and vig . amir we take we share . we will help you carry you share . archie gate and you take we to we man . amir amir abdulla . he extend he hand . they shake . archie gate archie Gates . amir after we get you man , you will take we to the iranian border . archie gate what ? amir we gotta get to a refugee camp or we be dead . the nearest camp be in Iran . archie gate you do not need we . you can buy you way over . amir no. Saddam 's soldier will never take he gold . the only chance we have be if we be with Americans . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/27/99 91 . 138 continued : ( 6 ) 138 chief we can not go to the iranian border . amir then we do not have a deal . vig give I a fuck break , man . chief we save you life . amir and we save yours . archie gate we lose a man for you . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/8/99 92 . 138 continued : ( 7 ) 138 amir what good be it if you leave we to get waste ? the big army of democracy beat the ugly dictator , save the rich kuwaitis , but you go to jail if you help we escape the same dictator . you see what happen to my wife . look at my daughter . archie look around . he see amir 's daughter , other bandage child look at he . a few mother . archie gate who 's go ? amir everyone but the priest . that 's 55 . vig fuck it . who will take we to the Oasis bunker ? he hold up a gold bar . fifty civilian turn and look at he silently . vig this be a human life we be talk about . amir ( laugh ) tell I about it . his daughter look at he and laugh -- until she laughter become scary , hysterical and amir try to hold she still , and she will not stop as archie , Chief and vig watch . 139 int . oasis bunker # 3 - interrogation room - day 139 troy if Saddam do not invade Kuwait , you son would still be alive . sa 'id yes , I know . so why you leave Saddam here ? troy I do not know . ( continued ) 139 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 93 . continued : 139 sa 'id you think I want to be here ? you think I want to do this . but I have to . troy I can help you family . sa 'id bullshit . troy I will . I could help you . sa 'id listen . troy you can get a house , just like mine . no bomb . door open -- major come in . major do you get the answer ? sa 'id yes. major ( to Troy ) be they come back ? troy no. major why do you take the prisoner ? troy it be a accident . the Major raise he hand to strike Troy , but do not . major ( to sai would ) get the answer for Saddam , make sure . the Major leave . sa 'id I get training and gun from America . ( continued ) 139 140 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 93a . continued : ( 2 ) 139 troy bullshit . sa 'id oh , yeah , how you think I learn English , man ? specialist guy come to Iraq , train we when we fight Iran . troy what do they train you in ? sa 'id weapon , sabotage . interrogation . troy great . sa 'id I only join Saddam Hussein army because I have to or he put I in jail . so now I get some money for my family , to make good live for family , good house . troy I join for the extra cash , too . I find out I be gonna have a kid . sa 'id light a marlboro , exhales . push in to closeup on Troy 's face as the smoke envelop he . fantasy - int . troy's bedroom ( detroit ) 140 Debbie look up and beam as Troy walk into the room . they embrace on the bed . sa 'id ( v.o. ) so , what we get from this dirty Iraq war , you and I , huh ? Troy hold the naked baby against he naked chest . troy ( v.o. ) ( whisper ) I do not know . end of fantasy . three king - Rev. 1/8/99 93b . 141 int . oasis bunker # 3 - interrogation room - day 141 sa 'id ( laugh ) you do not fahking know , right ?! ( more ) ( continued ) 141 142 through 143 144 continued : sa 'id ( cont 'd ) we all scahmbag soldier who get fahke , right ? my son be dead and who know now what happen to you ? int . cavern - large room - day a rug be pull off the old stone floor , a panel be lift . pistol and rifle be pull out , some of they old . Chief and vig load and handle the pistol . archie gate do we save anything from the humvee ? chief this bag . 141 142 through 143 archie pull two of the color football from the beat - up pack . he look at Chief as if to say " great . " ext . desert - road to decoy area - day 144 archie lead a line of 55 iraqi civilian across the desert . everyone carry at least one vuitton bag . amir carry he daughter . vig turn to the twin brother . vig y'all say America be Satan , right ? America be Satan ? hairdressing twin # 1 no! ( in Arabic ) we just want a hair salon . hairdressing twin # 2 ( in Arabic ) a salon ! amir they want to have a salon . vig a what ? amir a salon , a hair salon . ( continued ) 144 145 146 through 147 95 . continued : 144 chief you cut hair ? amir they do not care if they cut american hair , shiite hair , sunni hair , they just want to get rid of Saddam for a stable democracy . hairdressing twin # 1 ( in Arabic ) you have a terrible haircut . amir he say you get a terrible haircut . vig touch he hair . ext . desert - decoy area - day 145 archie crouch low to the ground , move quickly , secretively . he turn and make a hand signal to Chief , 20 yard away , who turn and make a hand signal to vig . ext . desert - high wide shot - decoy area - day 146 through a lone iraqi military truck , mint condition . 147 back to scene archie , vig and Chief form a semicircle , surround the truck . they be all 40 yard back from the truck . archie gate this be the United States Army . come out of the truck with you weapon in the air . suddenly vig 's pistol fire . vig shit. sorry . his gunshot blows a hole in the iraqi truck -- which deflate like a huge beach ball , circle wildly until it lie in a heap of collapse camouflage canvas while fifty yard away -- 55 civilian flip sand - color blanket off and stand up in the desert to look . Chief lift the limp canvas of the deflate truck . ( continued ) 147 148 continued : 96 . 147 archie gate they use decoy to throw off we bomber . chief where be we gonna get a vehicle ? amir I know a place that 's full of deserter . maybe they get something . ext . 437 civil affayr company camp - mess area - day 148 colonel horn you be go to tell I where he be or you be go back to riyadh . cathy daitch he 's help Adriana Cruz , just like you tell he to do . company clerk she 's not here , either . colonel horn who else miss ? captain van meter Chief 's not here . company clerk barlow and vig be go , too . colonel horn Jesus Christ , Doug . captain van meter I think Major Gates be act on you order , Colonel . colonel horn you do not know where you own fuck man be ? captain van meter the war 's over , everyone 's take some french leave . colonel horn archie Gates do not set up a bullshit interview to take some reservist on french leave . ( continued ) 148 148a 149 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 97 . continued : 148 berm soldier # 1 they get a document out a guy 's ass yesterday , Captain . captain van meter what ? berm soldier # 1 some kinda map or secret list or some kinda thing . horn stare at Van meter . colonel horn check all the radio transmission , maybe we will get they position . omitted 148a ext . desert - deserter ' bunker - day 149 archie , Chief , vig , amir , other now walk among through a emptyarea next to a canal . a villager pass with a old radio playing iraqi pop music . a few civilian pass and smile . ( continued ) 149 150 three king - Rev. 11/28/98 97a . continued : 149 deserter # 2 America ! deserter # 3 America ! friend ! deserter # 2 freedom ! thank you to America ! deserter and civilian cheer and pat archie , Chief and vig on the back as they walk to a bunker build into the side of a small hill . two iraqi deserter come out smile to embrace a disorient archie and Chief . int . deserter ' bunker # 4 - day 150 they pass through a cluttere room with six cot , down a hallway , to a larger room where two more young deserter sit watch CNN . there be a deface poster of Saddam , two peacock and three monkey in the room , and the half - eat carcass of a zebra . deserter rise and half - bow to archie . chief where would you get this animal from ? ( continued ) 150 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 98 . continued : 150 amir ( translate ; in Arabic ) where do the animal come from ? deserter leader Kuwait Zoo. ( in Arabic ) have some if you be hungry . amir this be for you , my friend , to eat if you be hungry . the iraqi soldier offer a live monkey to archie . archie gate no , thank you . amir they be not barbarian , they be starve . archie gate Radio ? deserter leader no radio . archie gate no radio , no water , but yes , c.n.n. the other Iraqis nod they head and laugh nervously . deserter leader George Bush get rid Saddam . archie gate not exactly . deserter leader congratulation ! he embrace archie , who look at amir . archie gate would you explain to this gentleman that we need a vehicle of some kind ? 151 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 99 . int . deserter ' bunker - garage - day 151 it be dark . with a click , several bare ceiling light come on . archie , Chief , vig , stare in amazement : it 's a underground garage fill with nine luxury car : a roll - royce , a jaguar , a mercede , a infiniti convertible , two cadillac , a white stretch limousine . deserter # 1 smile . deserter leader from Kuwait . Chief stop at the convertible . chief could I ask a question , man ? the iraqi deserter look at he . chief do Lexus make this model ? deserter leader no. infiniti convertible only . deserter # 2 no Lexus convertible . chief exactly what I say . archie gate listen . we use this car to go fight Saddam soldier . deserter # 1 look at Chief and laugh . chief what 's so funny ? deserter leader cannot take . chief what do you mean , can not take ? we kick Saddam 's ass . we definitely take . archie gate we be the United States military . deserter # 1 laugh . amir you be three guy with some civilian and no humvee . ( continued ) 151 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 99a . continued : ( Al ) 151 deserter leader need money . have no money . to eat . to live . ( in Arabic ) you get a whole army here . amir he say the Americans have many tank , many airplane . we have nothing . the deserter do not look happy . amir do simultaneous translation as archie hold forth . ( continued ) 151 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 100 . continued : 151 archie gate listen to I . we will rise up together . amir ( in Arabic ) rise up together . archie gate rise up together . Chief and vig look take aback as archie go messianic . archie gate look at_us . work together . many race , many nation . tell he , Chief . chief we be united . they raise they join hand together . archie gate United . George Bush want you -- chief to stand up for yourself . deserter leader George Bush . archie gate he want you -- chief you . vig praise the Lord . archie gate make the fight for freedom on you own . chief oh , yes , you can . vig go , baby , go . archie walk around , look into the eye of each iraqi deserter , touch they on the shoulder . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/27/99 101 . 151 continued : ( 2 ) 151 archie gate then America will follow . amir ( in Arabic ) then they follow . chief ( in Arabic ) then they will follow , brother . archie gate God bless America , and God bless a free Iraq . Iraqis burst into cheer . the hairdresser twin be go nut . archie gate what do you say now , my friend ? he put he hand on deserter leader 's shoulder . deserter leader can not give car . archie gate then I guess we will have to buy they . 152 ext . desert - road - luxury car - day 152 the luxury car ride across the desert , single file , vuitton bag strapped to the roof . 153 int . roll -royce - day 153 Chief , vig , two civilian drive . vig juda Priest will pump you , Chief -- chief no , no , no . that 's just headache music . vig one song . Chief slam in a CD -- traditional iraqi folk wailing plays . the civilian rifleman in back smile as vig scowl . 154 154a three king - Rev. 1/27/99 102 . int . infiniti 154 archie drive . amir sit in passenger seat with he daughter on he lap ; deserter # 1 in back . they listen to iraqi music . ext . 437th civil affayr company - captain be tent - day 154a Captain Van meter , Col. horn , two lieutenant look at map . Cathy daitch sit smoking . captain van meter depend on what he 's look for , he could be in any iraqi village in the south . colonel horn do that sound familiar ? the village in the south ? cathy daitch no . colonel horn maybe you would remember more clearly if you be lie down . Cathy lie down . cathy daitch okay , I remember , it 's come back now , I remember he say ... what a fuck asshole you be . colonel horn he 's be my friend for 12 year , so I know he do not say that . cathy daitch let I see , maybe it be .. maybe it be ... oh yeah , it be I who say it . the company clerk run up and hand Colonel horn a paper . company clerk this be from barlow 's unit in Detroit . it come from he wife . colonel horn ( read ) from he wife ? what the hell be this ? 155 156 157 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 103 . ext . desert - trench with hidden gold - day 155 civilian finish pass 92 vuitton suitcase into a trench . archie gate we get we man , we come back to pick up the gold -- amir and my people . amir hug and kiss he daughter good - bye and try to put she , cry , into the arm of a older woman . he lie down and breathes with a hand on he chest . chief I be cool . I be in a ring of Jesus fire . vig wait a second , I want to talk about this plan some more -- archie gate the way a scary thing work be , sometimes it 's best not to do it at all , but when you have no choice like now , you do the thing you be scared shitless of , and you get the courage after you do it , not before you do it . vig that 's a dumb -ass way to work . it should be the other way around . archie gate I know , but that 's the way it work . ext . desert - road to oasis bunker # 3 - day 156 bach 's " B minor mass " play as the mercede , infiniti , and roll - royce drive across the desert . int . oasis bunker # 3 - interrogation room - day 157 sa 'id it 's a total waste for you army to come to Iraq , right . Troy just look at he . ( continued ) 157 158 159 160 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 104 . continued : 157 sa 'id it 's okay , you can tell I . what do we do ? tell I , you be safe . he turn off the electric shock control . troy I hear about some bad shit that happen in Kuwait . omitted 158 & 159 int . oasis bunker # 3 - interrogation room 160 sa 'id yes , bad thing happen . I be not proud of that . troy so who 's get the sick country ? sa 'id maybe Saddam be very crazy , right ? and then you be crazy to bomb all of Iraq . troy too much bombing be crazy , but not save Kuwait . sa 'id you come here to save Kuwait people ? troy yes. sa 'id really ? ( to the second iraqi ; in Arabic ) get the oil . interrogation Guard # 2 dip a bucket into a oil drum . sa 'id lot of people in trouble around this world , my man . you do not fight no fahking war for they . ( continued ) 160 161 162 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 105 . continued : 160 troy you invade another country . you can not do that . sa 'id why not , dude ? troy it make the world crazy . you get to keep it stable . sa 'id for what ? you pickup truck ? troy for stability . stabilize the region . sa 'id pull a CD from Troy 's pocket and jam it into Troy 's mouth . sa 'id this be you fahking stability , my main man . sa 'id use the CD as a ramp to pour crude oil into Troy 's mouth from the bucket . omitted 161 ext . dune - day 162 a empty ridge . the cadillac shoot over it , arcing down toward the bunker , engine roaring . 163 164 165 106 . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - day 163 it be quiet . a slim Jim be unwrapped as a Republican Guard slowly raise it to he mouth , bite it , chew , and look puzzle at the car approach in the distance . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - high wide shot - day 164 the cadillac drive fast down the approach road to the bunker . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - day 165 the Republican Guard outside the bunker stare at the approach car . a gunner on the bunker roof get ready . the front door Guard hold he rifle ready , and be join by another guard . the cadillac pull up fast , stop , the driver 's door pop open and deserter # 1 pop out . deserter leader ( frantic ) Saddam be come and he 's piss at you for let he down . he 's go to kill everyone . he get back in the caddy and take off to the rear of the bunker . the Guards look a bit freak out by this . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 1 ( in Arabic ) oh my God . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 2 ( in Arabic ) that 's bullshit . oasis bunker # 3 roof rep . guard ( in Arabic ) here he come . they see the black infiniti come , follow far behind by the limo with mini- iraqi flag fly , then the mercede , then the roll . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 1 Saddam be come to kill we . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 2 Saddam be come . they shout into the bunker . 166 167 168 169 170 107 . int . oasis bunker # 3 - day 166 oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 3 Saddam be come to kill we . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 4 run for you life . two Republican Guards frantically run by on they way out . ext . desert - oasis bunker # 3 - day 167 five Republican Guards pour out , and take off into the desert on foot , along with Guard # 1 and Guard # 2 . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - rooftop - day 168 the roof guard let he tripod machine gun fall flat and run past a trap door , to the far side of the dirt roof and climb down . ext./ int . infinite - right side of bunker - day 169 vig hum nervously as he drive around to the right side of the bunker while mellow french rock plays quietly on the CD player . twin # 1 sit with he . vig stop 30 yard from the bunker , get out of the infiniti with twin # 1 . the door autolock and the alarm system chirp on . vig and twin look back at the car apprehensively as they stroll over to the pile of wood and metal debris close to the bunker , start move it , vig suddenly grab he hand in pain , pull a splinter out of he finger . he then see the wide round vent pipe , pull out a stick of dynamite wrap in C - 4 embed with nail , nervously drop it to the ground by accident , twin # 1 pick it up , frantically flick a lighter , vig drop the bomb into the pipe . pause ; then a muffled explosion inside the bunker . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day 170 Air vent spray spark as Republican Guard soldier scramble in the smokey dimness to get out . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 5 ( in Arabic ) do you believe it now ? oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 6 ( in Arabic ) he 's go to kill we all ! 171 172 173 174 175 three king - Rev. 2/4/99 108 . int . roll -royce - day 171 amir and twin # 2 drive the roll to the side door of the bunker and park , blockade the side exit . int . / ext . oasis bunker # 3 - side door - day 172 four Republican Guards panic as they pile up against the rear entrance , and run the other way . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - front - day 173 archie and Chief get out of the limo and run past four more Republican Guards stream from the smoking bunker , cough and choke and go inside , follow by two civilian in uniform . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - rooftop - day 174 two Republican Guards come out the trap door and point at vig and the twin # 1 to the side of the bunker . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 7 ( scream ; in Arabic ) Saddam will not kill I . vig 's and twin # 1's eye widen with fear as they run back to the infiniti and Guard # 7 fire a pistol at vig while Guard # 8 aim a grenade launcher . twin # 1 fire recklessly back at they . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - side - day 175 vig run back to the infiniti , find that it be lock as a car alarm voice in arabic tell he to step away . car alarm ( v.0 . ) ( in Arabic ) step away from the vehicle . vig look inside , see he big pistol sit on the front seat . a gunshot shatter the window , setting off the car alarm siren . vig quickly reach in , grab he pistol , and bolt just as the grenade launcher nail the infiniti , burst it into flame . vig oh , Jesus Fire -- he run with twin # 1 toward the front of the bunker ; salon twin # 1 and vig firing at the soldier on the roof . 176 177 177a 177b 177c '' three king - Rev. 2/4/99 109 . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - roof - day 176 Guard # 8 be hit in the hand -- turn and see amir and twin # 2 firing from the other side . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 8 ( in Arabic ) fuck it . he climb over the back and run into the empty desert behind the bunker . oasis bunker # 3 rep . guard # 7 ( in Arabic ) come on , wait , fuck -- he take off , too . amir fire after they into the desert , miss . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day 177 archie and Chief run past four other Republican Guards flee the bunker in the opposite direction . Chief split off down one corridor , run , while archie go down the other . amir follow after Chief . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day 177a Chief walk down a corridor -- hear bang on a door -- kick in the door . amir follow Chief as he enter the room . int . oasis bunker # 3 - debris room - day 177b a room cluttere with debris , but there be another door at the far side of the room -- where someone be banging -- Chief approach and kick it repeatedly -- chief get back . Chief shoot the lock on the inner door and it finally open . int . oasis bunker # 3 - prisoner room - day 177c Chief and amir look inside and see , in a sink room , 50 more civilian huddle together . 178 178a 178b 178c 178d three king - Rev. 2/4/99 110 . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day 178 Guard # 9 run hard down a empty corridor , carry a stack of new Levis -- he approach a corner , turn it , smashes into archie , they head bashing together in a head-rattle collision . they both land on they ass , disorient , rub they head . they each scramble for they gun on the floor , archie 's be closer , he reach for it -- suddenly the Republican Guard flail at archie like a windmill . they have a crazy , slapping windmill fight , when suddenly the Republican Guard grab he stack of Levis and run away . omitted 178a ext . oasis bunker # 3 - front - day 178b vig approach cautiously from the desert , hear a aircraft , and look up . a iraqi helicopter come in fast and open FIRE with machine gun -- vig oh my God , oh my God , oh my God . vig run toward the bunker for cover , but be cut off by machine gun FIRE from the chopper . Shiites FIRE rifle up at the chopper . int . / ext . iraqi chopper 178c chip of metal and plastic fly off as bullet hit the chopper . arabic chatter be hear over a crackling radio . Pov from inside chopper 100 foot below -- ext . desert - near oasis bunker # 4 - day 178d vig , hairdress twin # 1 , and the six Shiites frantically search for cover . the chopper fire and one of the Shiites run with vig be hit in the head , throw by the force of the gunshot into vig , who go down , fake it . the hairdress twin also go down , fake it . vig lie face down , out of breath , with the dead shiite on top of he while the chopper hover above . ( continued ) 178d 178e 178f 178g 179 three king - Rev. 2/4/99 111 . continued : 178d vig Jesus God , I do not want to get hit , please , Jesus , watch over I -- ext . desert - near oasis bunker # 3 - day 178e the six Republican Guards who take off from the bunker be still run . they conversation be in Arabic and subtitle in English . oasis bunker # 3 guard # 8 let 's go back and get they . oasis bunker # 3 guard # 7 fuck a donkey , no way . oasis bunker # 3 guard # 8 there 's a chopper , we can do it . he and another iraqi stop while the other two keep run . oasis bunker # 3 guard # 7 they kill you family , you fuck coward . the tough iraqi and he partner , sweat profusely , out of breath , split up and head back toward the bunker . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day 178f Chief , amir , and the prisoner run up the stair towards the front door of the bunker . ext. / int . oasis bunker # 3 - front door - day 178g Chief and amir move the civilian to the front door . one of the civilian run outside and be shot by the chopper hover just outside . amir ( to the prisoner ) stay inside . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day 179 archie go down another corridor , kick open a door -- it 's the bathroom full of steal stuff and cell phone . 180 & 181 182 182a 182b through 187 187a 187b 187c 188 three king - Rev. 2/4/99 112. omitted int . oasis bunker # 3 - snow globe room - day archie kick in another door -- a room with shelf full of large snow globe , thousand of they . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day archie run down the corridor , hold he pistol . omitted int . / ext . oasis bunker # 3 - day amir and Chief climb a ladder lead from the inside onto the roof . hairdress twin # 2 stay with the people . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - roof - day Chief and amir take position on the roof . the chopper hover in front of the bunker . ext . desert - near oasis bunker # 3 - day vig and hairdress twin # 1 be pin down by sniper FIRE from the side . int . oasis bunker # 3 - interrogation room - day archie kick in a door -- it be pitch black -- a emergency light flicker on and off -- revealing the Republican Guard interrogator and the iraqi Major at the control table , where one try to fix the emergency light with a screwdriver -- they reach for weapon . in flicker light -- archie shoot the iraqi Major squarely in the chest , then the Republican Guard interrogator -- the only sound be the gun popping and the bullet tearing into they body . archie turn to sa'id , who stand next to Troy . ( continued ) 180 & 181 182 182a 182b through 187 187a 187b 187c 188 188 188a 188b 188c 188d three king - Rev. 2/4/99 112a . continued : 188 sa 'id it 's okay , buddy , we be just talk now -- slightly slow motion -- archie shoot sa'id in the thigh . the only sound be the pistol shoot , flesh tearing . blood thinly splatter across Troy 's face as sa'id grimace and fall to the floor . the light flick on a few beat , then off a few beat . archie rip the wire from the table control , go to Troy , unhinge the wire from he jaw . sa 'id writhes in pain on the ground . archie take sa'id 's pistol , snap open a knife , cut the cord bind Troy to the chair and give Troy the pistol . Troy sit , stain with oil , blood , tear . Troy notice that he 's wet he pants . he get up , look down at sa'id on the floor , point the pistol into sa'id 's face , fire the gun repeatedly just to the side of sa'id 's face , into the ground . sa 'id look terrify , cry . Troy stare back . Troy and archie look at each other for a intense moment . Troy stare at archie , out of breath , work up , about to cry -- archie stare back at he , tear in he eye . archie gate let 's go . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - roof - day 188a Chief be on the roof . he pull a football bomb out of he bag . ext. / int . oasis bunker # 3 - front door - day 188b amir distract the chopper with gun FIRE . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - roof - day 188c Chief pull the fuse and unleash the football . ext./ int . chopper - day 188d the chopper turn to face the ball just as it hit the plexiglas window and bounce off and up and then explode . 188e 188f 189 189a through 193 194 three king - Rev. 2/9/99 112b . int . chopper - day 188e the concussion take out the interior of the chopper . ext . chopper - day 188f the chopper wobble . slightly slow motion : the chopper come crashing to the ground in a heap of metal . int . oasis bunker # 3 - corridor - day 189 archie and Troy run down the corridor . omitted 189a through 193 int . / ext . oasis bunker # 3 - front door - day 194 archie and Troy stop at the door . the crowd of civilian prisoner be cluster around they at the door . he look around . archie gate keep that people inside . chief ( to civilian inside ) stay there , do not move . Troy and Chief take rifle from the wounded Republican Guards . Troy look around . it be eerily quiet . troy ( agitate ) where 's conrad ? they silently scan the wide open scrubby area with they eye . the wind blow . archie point he pistol and scan . Chief point he rifle and scan . tension mount . amir direct the civilian to stay cluster near the bunker . archie gate keep you fuck guard up . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 2/9/99 194 continued : troy 113. 194 do we still have the gold ? chief yeah , half of it . troy how be we get back ? chief we get the roll . a iraqui soldier jump up as archie knock he to the ground . troy you get a roll ? hey. infiniti convertible . he point to the flame wreck chief I think he 's in shock . troy that 's a infiniti . it 's a fuck infiniti convertible , be not it ? chief Roger that ? troy okay , so I owe you a car . in shock . I be not archie gate we can talk about this later , okay ? troy freeze -- he point he pistol at amir , walk up from the side . everyone tense . archie gate he 's with we . Troy and amir look at each other he pistol at amir . troy it be quiet ; a moment . Troy still point the wind be blow . you be the guy with the little girl . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 2/9/99 114 . 194 continued : ( 2 ) 194 amir that 's right . troy what be you do here ? archie gate he help we find you . troy all right . you be all right . he hug amir . archie scan nervously . troy how 's you girl ? amir she 's safe . for the moment . troy outstanding . excellent . how can we help ? amir we have a deal to get we to the border , but we need more vehicle for this people . Troy move nervously . troy we be gonna work it out . we can do it . we have to work it out . chief I be not sure how . this be a lot of people . troy okay , you choose who we take . you tell the other it 's not convenient , they will have to die . hey -- where 's conrad ? Troy and archie look at each other . it be silent again . amir hear a noise . they all jerk to the side , weapon point . the wind blow , silently . they wait . vig ( 0.s. ) yes. yes . all right . they all turn to look . 195 through 210 211 through 216 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 115 . omitted 195 through 210 ext . desert - near oasis bunker # 3 - wide shot - day 211 through vig pop up in the desert , 150 yard away . 216 vig you _ make it . vig come run . vig i_thought that be you . yeah . Troy smile as he step in the direction of vig. suddenly a rifle shot ring out , Troy jump . slightly slow motion -- vig be hit in the collar bone , only the SOUND of the bullet smashing he flesh and bone . he be jerk , fall to he knee , but get up , keep staggering toward Troy , 125 yard away . Troy look stunne . archie turn sharply to he right and , in pain , wound bleed , fire a rifle . a Republican Guard 150 yard to the side , drop to the ground as archie and Chief continue to hit he with gunfire . Troy run as hard as he can toward vig . archie gate cover he . Chief look around frantically with he pistol point . archie scan the area and direct three civilian riflemen to spread out . archie gate lock it down . shoot anything that move . amir ( in Arabic ) shoot they if they move . Troy run , catch the staggering vig in he arm and embrace he . blood run from vig 's mouth , onto Troy 's shoulder , as vig try to talk . ( continued ) 216 116 . continued : 216 vig you make it , man -- Troy cry as he run with vig in he arm . troy help he . Chief take vig from Troy 's arm and carefully lay he on the ground , cradling he head in he lap . vig spit blood . vig what happen to the Jesus fire , Chief ? chief it 's around you right now , man , it work on this side or the other side . vig you never tell I that part . chief that 's what it 's all about . vig I be go to hell for this . chief I tell you we do exactly what Jesus ask we to do , my man , start with the gold . vig lemme go to one of they shrine that erase the bad you do , cuz I be go to hell for this -- troy we make the right choice today , conrad . vig yeah , all right , Troy . the hole in vig 's collar bone be pump out blood . Troy put he hand over it . Chief look sad and scared as he try to turn vig 's head to help he breathe . ( continued ) 216 217 218 through 221 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 117 . continued : ( 2 ) 216 chief dear Lord watch over this man , help he if you can . we Father who art in heaven -- fifty prisoner -- child and adult -- sit on the ground near the bunker , watch from afar . Troy stand up look around helplessly . troy help . chief -- hallow be thy name , thy kingdom come , thy will be do , on earth as it be in heaven -- a gunshot ring out and -- slightly slow motion -- hit Troy in the lower right chest -- and come out again three inch over , pierce a thin piece of he side -- with only the sound of tearing tissue . Troy look stunne as he be spun around by the shot . archie spin around in the desert and look at Troy . archie gate goddamn it . he run hard across the desert toward Troy . Troy fall next to vig and they look at each other . Troy 's eye be wide with pain as he breathes with great difficulty -- rasp . int . troy's rib cage 217 his breathe create a air pocket , crush he organ to the leave side . ext . desert - near oasis bunker # 3 - troy's Pov 218 through looking up at Chief , who be say something to Troy , 221 there 's no SOUND -- except Troy 's labored breathing . the Pov turn to the side -- vig be no longer breathe . archie and amir step into frame . archie look down at Troy , open he waist pack , pull out a sterile wrap scalpel . ( continued ) 221 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 118 . continued : 221 Troy 's Pov turn to the side -- fish - eye lens the jaguar pull up in slightly slow motion . amir 's little girl get out of the passenger side , slightly slow motion , no SOUND . amir scold she and gesticulates , indicate she should be back with the other where it be safe . the little girl embrace amir and stare down at Troy over she father 's shoulder . ext . desert Troy 's eye be wide , stare up at the girl as he have great difficulty breathe . archie roll Troy 's shirt up , expose Troy 's chest , with the bullet wound . archie point to a spot on Troy 's upper chest , near the collar bone -- Chief squeeze a small tube of brown disinfectant gel onto this spot -- the only sound be the squirt of the ointment and troy's breathing . archie look nervous , then focus as he bring the shiny metal scalpel down . Troy be in great pain as he watch archie plunge the scalpel into he upper chest . archie twist the scalpel to open the incision wide -- there be a pronounce hissing as trap AIR rush out . huge relief come over Troy 's face as he breathes normally . regular SOUND fade back in , the first sound be the girl thin , intermittent humming -- troy's Pov ( from ground ) looking up . archie gate I have be wait 18 year to get that right . he tear open a short iv tube and plunge the iv into the scalpel hole . there be a small valve on the end of the tube , which he tighten . a gunshot sound -- archie turn and look over -- 222 223 through 224 225 three king - Rev. 2/17/99 119 . ext . desert - oasis bunker # 3 - day 222 five civilian riflemen chase down and shoot , at 30 yard , the last iraqi gunner in the desert . Troy sit up slowly and watch for a moment . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - front - later 223 through the twin and amir wrap vig 's body in cloth while they 224 chant ; Troy , Chief , and archie watch and chant also . Troy cry . civilian woman and child chant and pray around vig 's corpse as it lie in the open trunk of the jaguar . Troy and Chief do a mute version of vig 's karate arm dance as they look down at he corpse -- only vig 's close eye be visible now . chief he want to go to one of that shrine . troy ( tearful ) do he say that ? Chief nod . amir kajatar in Iran . we can take he . archie take vig 's glass off . archie gate good . take he there . Troy tighten vig 's wrapping . ext . desert / oasis bunker # 3 - later 225 Troy sit in a fold chair nearby . he look pain and uncomfortable . archie gate Air pressure will build up about every fifteen minute . release the valve , close it up again . archie unscrew the valve on the tube in Troy 's chest , and AIR hiss out . Troy look relieved . archie close the valve . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 2/17/99 120 . 225 continued : 225 troy how long can I keep do this ? archie gate maybe four hour , if you be not bleed too bad inside . troy I be really thirsty . amir there 's no water anywhere . chief ( to archie ) you be hook for the call . later . archie operate a radio hook up to a car battery . archie gate ( into the radio ) bolo , this be brer rabbit , do you read I ? troy we be go to jail . archie gate no , we be not . Chief watch , tense . archie gate ( into the radio ) bolo , this be brer rabbit . 226 ext . desert - walter - day 226 walter drive the dune buggy , nude , wear he helmet with radio attachment . Cruz and paco ride along . walter pick up he handset . archie be hear in a crackling radio transmission . walter ( into radio ) this be bolo , come in . archie gate ( v.o. ) where be you ? walter ( into radio ) about two click outside camp . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 2/17/99 121. 226 continued : 226 archie gate ( v.o. ) we be about ready for the briar patch , over . walter ( into the radio ) right . he look uncertain , worried . Adriana try to grab the radio . adriana cruz let I talk to he . I want to know where he be . walter ma'am , please . I be transmit a code goddamn it . archie gate ( v.o. ) you get I , bolo ? walter I think so -- who handle the briar patch ? archie gate ( v.o. ) you do . walter oh , okay , and the tar baby go to the briar patch if everything 's okay , right ? archie gate ( v.o. ) no , the other way around . walter right . shit , I do not remember how the code go , sir , I be sorry -- intercut with : 227 ext . desert / oasis bunker # 3 - archie - day 227 who look exasperate . he be sweat with a fever and he arm hurt . archie gate I need three personnel truck and a humvee . ( continued ) 227 228 229 three king - Rev. 2/17/99 122 . continued : 227 walter that 's a tall order for a secret op , sir . archie gate talk to my friend teebaux . each driver will get 100k . walter do you say 100k ? archie gate Roger . brer rabbit at 239 North . add one medavac pack to the order , and be sure to bring the reporter . walter Roger . give I two hour . ( turn to Adriana ) do not ever grab my helmet like that , mar 'am , not ever . and do not mess with I when I be work a code . int . bunker # 3 - snow globe room - closeup - snow globe - 228 day be shake and little green dollar swirl inside the little world , settling upon a early desert oasis , old building , palm tree , donkey , Three king , peasant carry the baby Jesus , and a mobil gas station . widen to reveal hundred of snow globe be pull from the shelf and put into old cloth bag . ext . oasis bunker # 3 - day 229 Chief crack open a snow globe with plier as all the water and dollar drain out . amir filter the water through a cheese cloth hold above a urn . close on plastic three king and baby jesus with the mobil gas station glisten in the wet palm of archie 's hand . back to scene archie look at the Three king in he hand . ( continued ) 229 230 three king - Rev. 2/17/99 122a . continued : 229 Troy crack open a snow globe , filter water with a iraqi civilian . dozen of civilian be do the same . archie pass a urn to some parched civilian who drink the water thirstily . Troy , Chief do the same . archie turn to Chief . archie gate let 's give they they gold ; leave ours bury . ext . 437 civil affayr company camp - mess area - day 230 Colonel horn , Captain Van meter , company clerk , look at Maps and recon photo . ( continued ) three king - Rev. 1/8/99 123 . 230 continued : 230 colonel horn 223 north , we get a possible heavy - duty Saddam bunker there . Cathy light a cigarette . captain van meter we could sweep from there over to the border , sir . colonel horn should not be too hard to spot they if we be lucky . a humvee with teebaux , walter , and Adriana Cruz , and paco drive by behind the oblivious Colonel , lead a convoy of several truck . 231 ext . desert - trench - day 231 amir and the twin check the 15 suitcase they have dig up , while the trench be recover by Chief and a iraqi rebel . the car be in the b.g. archie fill a single rusted oil drum with gold bar and tape it shut . 232 ext . desert - trench - later 232 amir hand two gold bar to a civilian peasant , who take they and move on . there be two long line of civilian peasant patiently wait to get they gold , as it be hand out by amir and another civilian , while archie , Troy , and Chief watch . civilian stash they gold bar inside they clothing and bag . archie gate tell they to hide it very carefully . no one can see it . amir ( in Arabic ) hide it carefully . 233 ext . desert - trench - day 233 everyone sit and wait : archie , Troy , Chief , amir , he daughter , 105 civilian peasant . Troy look pain , then release the valve on the tube stick through he chest bandage and there be a hiss of AIR . he look relieved . ( continued ) 233 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 124 . continued : 233 there be the sound of distant motor rumbling . a approach convoy in the desert : three open U.S. personnel truck ( drive by berm soldier # 5 , Camp Soldiers # 10 , and # 11 ) lead by a humvee . archie , Troy , Chief , amir , he daughter , dozen of civilian watch the convoy approach -- they hold they gun ready . the U.S. military truck and the humvee pull up to the bunker . walter stand in the front of the humvee with teebaux , both wear sand goggle as they pull up , along with Adriana Cruz and paco . walter salute . teebaux quelle gonzesse , archie , you get yourself shot . archie gate that better be word of sympathy . Three army driver ( berm soldier # 5 , Camp Soldiers # 10 , and # 11 ) , among they the disillusion infantrymen interview by Adriana Cruz earlier , get out of they vehicle , greet by Chief , archie , and amir . walter walk up , carry a medical pack . walter you do it , man . we score . he bang Troy 's fist in greeting . walter what 's that weird thing in you chest ? pan to Chief , as he put a penicillin iv in Troy 's arm . Troy look at vig 's body , and walter follow Troy . walter oh , shit . what happen ? what the fuck happen ? troy we have to take care of something bad we walk into . walter I never see a dead friend before . Chief put he arm on walter 's shoulder . ( continued ) 233 continued : ( 2 ) pan to Adriana Cruz ... adriana cruz what the fuck happen ? archie gate I call you , do not I ? teebaux push a iv needle into archie 's arm and tape the penicillin sack to archie 's shirt . adriana cruz do you find the gold ? archie gate no , that 's still somewhere in the desert for all I know , but we lose one of we guy help this people . adriana cruz here 's my story , goddamn it , and I do not even want to do it , I mean , Jesus Christ , who care about a story when this people be so fuck . start cry . archie gate shoot the story , help they out . adriana cruz what a bunch of fuck horseshit , this story will not help anybody but you and I and you know it -- paco , let 's start with this people over here . she walk off , teebaux come up . teebaux where ees bullion at , my man ? archie gate bullion ees bury . i'11 show you after we get this people to the border . teebaux which border ? archie gate Iran . part of the deal . ( continued ) 233 234 235 236 126 . continued : ( 3 ) 233 teebaux c'est super , archie , you get yourself a pain in ze ass mission of mercy , you stupid fuck . walter sorry I fuck the code , sir . archie gate I doubt they hear we . troy oh , shit , I call my wife , I tell she to call the reserve center . teebaux let 's beat it out of here , baby . bach 's " gloria " plays . civilian pile into the four open truck . the lone oil can full of gold be load , as well . amir and he daughter be help into a truck by Chief . archie whistle loud from the front seat of the humvee -- which lead the way as the convoy pull out . Chief , in the back of a truck with civilian , wave . Troy smile as he sit in the back of a crowded truck with amir , he daughter , and other civilian . ext . desert / road to border - high , wide curving 234 helicopter shot - three - truck convoy along with the luxury car , lead by the humvee , roll across the two - lane desert road . ext . 437th civil affayr company - day 235 three blackhawk chopper be roaring on the ground as Captain Van meter , and Colonel horn board a chopper . Cathy and she cameraman rush aboard the last chopper . ext . desert - at iran - iraq border - day 236 the humvee slow to a halt . archie stand in the front of the humvee with a rifle at he side -- look straight ahead -- concerned . Troy , Chief , amir , and daughter stare ahead , concerned . 237 238 239 240 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 127 . ext . iranian border 237 50 yard ahead -- a low wall of razor wire . 100 yard beyond it , a few iraqi tank be line up along the border , 100 foot apart , stretch into the distance either way . there be 50 iraqi ground troops stand at the border station , mark by razor wire on the one - lane road . on the far side of the border , iranian soldier with relief worker wear red crescent wait by white school bus and stare at the american convoy . ext . iraqi side of border 238 archie stare at the border , think . amir help Troy down from the truck . Chief carry the little girl . teebaux what be you seenk ? archie gate I see a open we can walk through . but it 's not wide enough for a truck . archie get out of the humvee and look at the border . archie gate we will walk they to the border . the Iranians will take they . we will walk back to the truck and get out of here . Chief turn and signal to the driver to come up . Troy take the safety off he m - 16 . Three U.S. driver ( Soldiers # 5 , # 10 , and # 11 ) get out with they rifle ready . they release the safeties . teebaux stay back to man the mount machine gun on the humvee . iraqi soldier on the border nervously watch the Americans and the civilian , hold they machine gun . int . iraqi tank - Pov through iraqi gun sight - day 239 cross hair pan from Chief , to Troy , to amir , to archie . ext . iran / iraq border 240 archie gate make a close group . ( continued ) 240 241 242 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 128 . continued : 240 amir ( in Arabic ; translate ) make a close group ; close . 105 civilian empty the truck and gather in a crowd that walk toward the border . the twin man carry vig 's body , wrap in Arabic cloth . archie , Troy , Chief , lead the crowd single file through a narrow open in the razor wire . on the other side , the crowd spread out and keep walk . archie , Troy , and Chief walk three abreast , seven foot apart , rifle ready . amir and walter be behind , flanking they . close dolly shot - face civilian child , woman , man , as they fearfully walk toward the border . the three U.S. driver and teebaux flank the civilian on either side , rifle ready . pan to -- Troy suddenly drop to one knee . chief let the air out . troy it 's not the air , I do not know what it be -- chief stay back . troy I be all right . I be just dizzy or something -- ext . iran side of border 241 iranian soldier and relief worker stand watch . ext . iran side of border 242 pan to the back of the iraqi troops and tank , and the approach civilian and Americans , walk in the distance . 243 244 245 246 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 129 . ext . iraqi side of border 243 archie help Troy as they walk three abreast with Chief . chopper be hear in the distance . they grow louder . amir turn and look back . archie turn around and look . ext . iran / iraq border 244 Three blackhawk chopper approach from the distance . ext . iran / iraq border 245 close dolly archie . archie gate double time . he let go of Troy and start jogging toward the border . Troy can not jog , he crouch down , and be pass by the other . the civilian look up at the chopper as they jog . Chief and walter look up also . archie do not . teebaux in the humvee swing the mount gun up to the chopper as they pass overhead , loud . pan up to three blackhawks hover over everyone 's head and land in the fifty yard between archie and the border , block he path , blow up dust . archie , Troy , Chief , amir , the civilian turn and wince in the blow sand . ten U.S. military police jump from the landing chopper , follow by another ten U.S. troops with rifle , include berm soldier # 1 . iraqi soldier watch apprehensively . mp 's grab archie , Troy , and Chief , and pull they away from the civilian . Troy shout over the chopper . troy wait . ext . iran / iraq border 246 U.S. soldier push the civilian toward the border . the civilian , include the twin carry vig 's body , run toward the border unaccompany by american protection . 247 248 249 through 250 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 130 . ext . iran / iraq border 247 archie gate let they get over the border . Troy pull away from the mp 's , resisting arrest . troy let they get over , wait -- plastic handcuffs be put onto Troy , behind he back . troy i_have to reach this -- archie and Chief , not resisting , be handcuff in front -- archie gate put he cuff in front . he and Chief be pull away from Troy . ext . iran / iraq border 248 iraqi soldier take the civilian prisoner , grab they , throw some to the ground . Troy look over he shoulder at this as amir 's daughter be rip from he arm and he be throw to the ground and drag . ext . iran / iraq border 249 through 250 troy look what 's happen . he collapse to one knee . captain van meter not we mission , barlow . Troy grimace on the ground , he can not breathe , but the cuff prevent he from release he valve . american soldier watch , upset . troy cut my cuff -- Captain Van meter lean down to Troy . he shout over the chopper . captain van meter you fuck I and you be fuck now , so shut you goddamn mouth . ( continued ) 131 . 250 continued : 250 chief he 's gonna die . Troy lie on the ground suffocating . archie drag the mp hold he as he go to Colonel horn . archie gate goddamn it , ron , give he medical attention -- colonel horn we be not involved in this problem , Major , do you understand I ? you be awol , you be a fugitive , you be under arrest . archie gate cut he cuff . pan across paco taping -- colonel horn turn that damn camera off . he walk up and forcibly push the camera to the ground , Van meter push paco 's camera down . adriana cruz that 's a 75 thousand dollar camera , fuckwad -- colonel horn what the fuck be they do here ? Cathy fight violently to keep she camera shoot as a mp struggle with she . cathy Son of a bitch , let go . sergeant I think she be authorize -- colonel horn they be not fuck authorize , for Christ 's sake -- 251 ext . iran / iraq border 251 Troy writhes on the ground . ( continued ) 251 252 253 254 132 . continued : 251 berm soldier # 1 stare -- upset by what 's happen , reach in he pocket , pull out a hunt knife , pop the blade , crouch down to Troy , exchange a look with the mp stand by , and cut Troy 's plastic cuff . Troy reach with difficulty to the valve on he chest and turn it -- and breathes . archie look at Troy , then up at the border . ext . iran / iraq border 252 a civilian shoot a iraqi guard ; in turn the civilian be shot and kill . other civilian be be line up in a fire squad . vig 's body be drop in the sand . ext . iran / iraq border 253 archie gate you be gonna let this shit happen ? you want that to be the story ? colonel horn there 's gonna be no story , they be shut down , you know my fuck order . archie look at the border as the twin plead for mercy . archie gate we get the gold . colonel horn what ? archie gate we get the kuwaiti bullion . colonel horn bullshit . archie pull away from the mps hold he and run toward the lead truck -- where mps grab and wrestle he down . ext . iran / iraq border 254 archie gate pull that barrel . colonel horn pull it . ( continued ) 254 255 133 . continued : 254 a mp jump into the truck , push the barrel over ; thirty gold bar spill to the sand . the General look at the gold . Troy and Chief , hold in custody , watch . Adriana watch , look at archie . the General make a " cut " signal to the chopper -- and the chopper engine CUT off and whir down ; it grow quiet . the U.S. soldier -- hold walter and the driver in custody -- stand and watch archie . colonel horn how much do you have ? archie gate four ton . General horn pick up a gold brick . colonel horn where 's it at ? troy get they over first . archie gate they help we get it , ron . I make a deal , and that 's soldier 's honor . you can not fuck they now . General horn look at archie . archie gate you can return this gold , save some refugee , be a big hero , clinch you star . everyone stare at General horn . after a pause , the General fire he pistol into the air . ext . iran / iraq border 255 iraqi soldier freeze as they be about to fire on the civilian . colonel horn Roll the camera . let 's go , doug. Captain Van meter and General horn walk forty yard to the freeze iraqi soldier and the terrify civilian . ( continued ) 255 256 134 . continued : 255 cathy daitch in a morbid tableau this man have recover some of the gold steal from Kuwait -- adriana cruz -- in violation of american policy , save over a hundred refugee who try in vain to bring down Saddam Hussein -- archie , Troy , Chief in handcuffs with mps , watch . walter and the other U.S. soldier watch from afar as Captain Van meter and General horn walk into the midst of iraqi soldier . colonel horn who 's in charge here ? a older iraqi general step forward and salute . colonel horn we have to talk about this situation . archie , Troy , Chief , U.S. soldier watch from a distance . archie' Pov ( from afar ) General horn talk to the iraqi general . back to scene U.S. soldier watch . troy's Pov ( from afar ) ext . iran / iraq border 256 General horn and Captain Van meter walk back toward they . it be quiet . no one say anything . the chopper engine slowly whine into gear . Colonel horn walk over to Troy , archie , and Chief . ( continued ) 256 257 three king - Rev. 1/8/99 135 . continued : 256 colonel horn you be under arrest . you be go to be court-martialed . and you will show we where the bullion be right now . he walk into a chopper , which be now revving at full speed . pan to Troy , archie , Chief turn to the border and watch . walter , the handcuff driver , the mps and other U.S. soldier also watch . ext . iran / iraq border 257 the civilian be release by the Iraqis . they collect themselves and gather in a group . the twin walk with the rest of the group over the border , with vig 's wrap body , and be receive by the relief worker . Troy , archie , Chief watch . a U.S. soldier whistle through the loud chopper . camp soldier # 10 yeah . then another soldier join in , whistling and clap . then another soldier , until all twenty U.S. soldier and mps present be whistling and cheer Troy , archie , and Chief as they stand there while the chopper throb . fifty yard away : amir hold he daughter , on the Iran side , about to get into a Red Cross bus . amir and he daughter wave and the twin wave . archie raise he handcuff wrist to wave back ; Troy and Chief follow , raise they cuffed hand to wave . freeze frame . " I get around " by the beach boy kick on . text over black '' Troy barlow , archie Gates , and Chief elgin be court - martial and convict of disobey order and the wrongful death of conrad vig . they each serve eighteen month in a military prison . Adriana Cruz and Cathy daitch 's testimony result in reduce sentence . Troy barlow run he own carpet company in torrance , CA . " 258 259 260 three king - Rev. 1/27/99 136 . int . troy's carpet company ( mos ) 258 " I get around " continue . Troy excitedly give instruction to worker carry out big roll of carpet . he wear a short sleeve white shirt and a dark tie . his wife give he two - year- old daughter to he as she hold a new baby and Troy use a respiratory inhaler . text over black " Chief elgin apply to the U.S. Army ranger , but be deny . he then turn down Troy barlow 's offer to partner in the carpet business and plan to join archie Gates ' company . " ext . kennedy airport - jetway ( mos ) 259 music continue . Chief elgin , wear nice travel attire and carry a small suitcase , walk along the tarmac with ticket in hand . he shake hand with three baggage loader and wave to two more riding in baggage carrier as he head toward a airplane . text over black '' archie Gates become a military consultant in Hollywood . " film set ( mos ) 260 music continue . archie on a film set , wear sunglass , show a action star how to push away the barrel of a bad guy 's rifle . text over black " Saddam Hussein be still in power . iraqi refugee be still in Iran . late in 1991 , Iraq return the gold to the government of Kuwait ... which claim that some be miss . " fade out . the end