for you consideration three billboard | outside 5 eble best original screenplay martin mcdonagh three billboard outside ebbing , missouri by Martin mcdonagh ext . billboard road - day 1 mildre haye , a woman in she early 50' , drive along a country road , pass a old billboard , roadside . whatever advert be on it be long since fade and tear . mildre drive on , to a second billboard a few hundred foot along the road . she notice this one a little more , though its old advert be equally ramshackle . she slow to a stop . after look up at the billboard a while , she slowly reverse and stop at the first , then at all three , stretch away to the quiet horizon . make a mental note of '' ebbing billboard advertising '' , then drive on again , leave the three old billboard alone like tombstone on the dusty road . int . welby 's office - ebbing advertising - day 2 red welby 's office , window look onto MAIN STREET and the town 's police station . red , a cool - look young guy , pretend to read a penguin classic as he observe the office hottie , pamela , pass in a cute dress . mildre stride on in . mildre you Red welby ? red yes , mar 'am . how may I .. mildre they say that three billboard out on drinkwater Road , you be in charge of rent they out , that right ? red I do not know we have any billboard out on ... where be drinkwater Road ? mildre Road out past the sizemore turn - off no - one use since the highway get put in . red check a file . mildre observe a beetle on its back on the windowsill , try to right itself . red you be right . get three billboard out there . nobody 's put nothing up out there since ... 1986 . that be ' huggies 's . mildre how much to rent out all three of ‘em the year ? red the year ? you wanna pay for three billboard on a road no - one go down unless they get lose or they be retard , for a year ? mildre Quick , be not ya , welby ? red well ... since what I say go this day down at the ebbing advertise desk , I be gonna strike you a real good deal ’on that billboard , now , what be it you say you name be , Mrs ...? mildre what 's the law on what ya can and can not say on a billboard ? I assume it 's ya can not say nothing defamatory , and ya can not say , ' fuck 's ' piss 's or ' cunt 's . that right ? red ( take aback ) or ... anus. mildre well I think I will be alright then . here 's five thousand for the first month . I assume that will cover it . she plonk down five thousand dollar cash . mildre ( cont 'd ) and here 's what the billboard oughta say . she hand he three index card , then move to the window . he read the first , the second , the third . stun . mildre ( cont 'd ) why do not ya draw up a little contract betwixt we while you be at it , make sure no - one rent they billboard out . from under I ? welby look up at she sadly . red I guess you be Angela haye 's mother . mildre that 's right , I be Angela haye 's mother . mildre , at window , gently set the beetle back upright . it waddle off happily . behind it , the U.S flag flutter above the police station , as a couple of laugh cop enter it . mildre ( cont 'd ) name 's mild . how long before you have get ‘em put up ? red ( check calendar ) oh , shall we say by ... Easter Sunday ? mildre stare out at the police station . mildre that would be perfect . ext . cop car drive billboard road - night 3 officer dixon , 35 , drive up the billboard road and approach , from behind , the third billboard . two latino workmen work on it , bucket and squeeege . as he pass he look up at the poster on it , double - take , screech to a halt . the billboard read , in large , stark letter '' how come , chief willoughby ? '' . dixon hey ! what the Hell 's this ?! latino que ? dixon '' how come Chief willoughby ? '' what ? latino what ? dixon yeah ! latino huh ? dixon how come what ? latino what ?! dixon listen , I better start get some straight answer outta you mexican son of bitch ... the 2nd latino have point to the distant second billboard , make a odd little gesture , and dixon look over ... dixon 's Pov : 4 . the back of the second billboard , and the black guy finish up with the poster there . end Pov . dixon sigh , drive off towards it . ext . billboard road , second billboard - continuous 4 dixon swing he car around to the front of the billboard . it read '' and still no arrest ? '' the black guy , jerome , be empty out jerome turn jerome read jerome spit stare back ; he bucket . dixon ( to himself ) what the Hell be this ? ( to jerome ) hey you ? what the fuck be this ? jerome what the fuck be what ? dixon this ! this ! around and read , as if for the first time . jerome advertise , I guess . dixon advertise what ? it again . jerome something obscure ? dixon T / will say ! jerome do not I know you face from some place ? dixon I dunno , do ya ? jerome yeah . yeah , I do . on the ground , look at he with disdain . dixon a vicious edge between they . dixon I could arrest you right now , if I want to . jerome for what ? dixon for ... empty out you bucket there . it 's against the ... be bad against the environment law . jerome well , before you do that , Officer dixon , why do not you go have yourself a look at that first billboard over there , and then we can have ourself a talk about the motherfuck environment . how about that ? dixon look at the distant first billboard , stand all alone , back to we , the dark sky behind it . dixon sigh , start he car , pull away . we go with he , stay on he face , as he come to the first billboard and slowly stop in front of it . his face fall . dixon fuck I . he take out he cellphone , and press '' willoughby ( home ) '' . int . willoughby house - continuous 5 chief of police bill willoughby , 50 , have dinner with he young wife , anne , mid - 30 's , and he two daughter , polly , 5 , and jane , 7 . the telephone ring . anne do not ... willoughby , sheepish , answer it . willoughby dixon , you goddam asshole , I be in the middle of my goddam Easter dinner ... ext . billboard road , third billboard - continuous 6 dixon be out of the car now , pace . dixon I know , Chief , and I be sorry for call ya at home and all , but uh , I think we have get kind of a problem ... as dixon pass out of frame , the first billboard be reveal . it read '' rape while dying '' . wide shot of the three billboard stretch away to the distance . 7b 7c 7d ext . billboard road - day 7 mildre drive robbie , she 17 - year - old son , past the billboard - check he reaction . he see they but give nothing away . ext . school - day 7b she drop he at school . he head off without a goodbye . ext . MAIN STREET - day 7c she drive up MAIN STREET . see activity outside the police station ; willoughy with he desk sergeant , forcibly tell dixon to stay behind , then crossing street to red 's place . ext . gift shop - day 7d she continue to the other end of town , a gift shop she work at . mildre 's co-worker , DENISE , black , 28 , smoke outside . mildre sorry I be late , denise . DENISE do you put up that billboard to fuck with the cop yet ? mildre they be up . DENISE you go , girl ! you go fuck that cop up ! she pat mildre on the back , toss she cigarette away , and they go inside . int . welby 's office - day 8 Quick - fire dialogue , red at desk , desk sergeant and willoughby stand . desk sergeant what the fuck do you think you be do , welby , buncha billboard like that , you do not think there have be some kinda ramification ? legally ? red what 's the legal ramification , cedric ? desk sergeant you want I to explain the legal ramification , a little punk like you ? and do not call I cedric . red ai not contraven no law on wropriety , be not contraven no law on any fuck thing . I check all this up . desk sergeant oh yeah , where have you check all this up ? red in a... book . desk sergeant which book , genius ? red Book call ' suck my ass , it 's none o! you business 's . willoughby give he a long cold stare . willoughby how long have this person , or person , rent this billboard out for ? red oh , the year . willoughby and how long she actually pay for ? red the year . willoughby so it 's a she , huh ? red ( pause ) ai not at liberty to divulge that kinda information , Chief . willoughby mild haye , perhaps ? red ai not at liberty to divulge that kinda information , Chief . willoughby do you really wanna fuck with the ebbing Police Department , Red ? do ya ? red I guess . int . police station , willoughby 's office - day willoughby , desk sergeant and dixon . dixon he say what ?! to you face ?! desk sergeant no crime have be commit here . dixon defamation of character be not a crime ? desk sergeant it be not defamation if she 's simply ask a question . dixon what be you , a idiot ? desk sergeant do not call I a idiot , dixon . dixon I do not call you a idiot . I ask if you be a idiot . it be a question . willoughby ( smile ) he get ya , cedric ! dixon well I be gonna do something about it if yous two be not . willoughby where you go ? do not fly off the handle ! but dixon have already storm out . desk sergeant why in hell you keep that man on , Bill ? willoughby he 's a good man . at heart . desk sergeant he torture a guy in custody , Bill . willoughby there be no ... real evidence to support that . 10 ext . MAIN STREET - day 10 as welby be come out of he building , dixon cross the road towards he . dixon take ‘em down . red hah ? dixon take ‘em down . red take what down ? dixon you think I would not take you out , right here on Main Street , Red ? red think you only take out black dude , dixon ... dixon go to punch he , but willoughby be suddenly there , grab he punch arm and shove he towards the station . people on the street be stare , especially the black . dixon ( to welby ) ai not nobody never go down that road , anyways . unless they get lose , or they be retard . 13 ext . billboard road - day 13 mildre interview by gabriella , cameraman filming , all three billboard in the background . gabriella this you first time on tv ? mildre uh-huh . gabriella well , do not be nervous , be the main thing , and it will be fine . just do not look into the camera , obviously . mildre just stare at she . gabriella ( cont 'd ) in three , two , one . so , mild haye , why do you put up this billboard ? 14 15 10 . mildre well , my daughter , Angela , she get abduct , and she get rape and murder seven month ago , on this self - same stretch o’ road here , unfortunately , and , to I ... I mean , to I , it seem like the local police department be too busy goin 's round torture black folk to be bother do anything about solving actual crime , so I kinda think this here billboard might , y’know , concentrate they mind some . int . dixon be house - night 14 dixon sit beside he momma on the couch and be just to bite into a sandwich ... dixon whatcha watch , momma ? the stupid news ? ++. when he 's stop by mildre 's appearance on tv ... mildre ( tv ) seem like the local police department be too busy goin 's round torture black folk to be bother do anything about solving actual crime ... dixon 's momma look at he . dixon ( mouth ) fuck . int . willoughby house - night 15 willoughby and anne watch the end of the interview . mildre ( tv ) I do not know what this policeman be do , to be honest with you . I just know my daughter 's burnt body 's lie six foot under the ground while they be eat krispy kreme and busting eight year - old for skateboard in parking lot . gabriella ( tv ) and what have Chief willoughby to do with all this , why single he out ? 16 a7 18 will . mildre ( tv ) well , he 's the head of ‘em , be not he ? the buck 's gotta stop at somebody , do not it ? gabriella ( tv ) and the buck stop at willoughby ? mildre ( tv ) yeah , the buck stop at willoughby . Dead right it do . he click it off , get up , go out of the house without a word . ext . willoughby 's stable - night 16 willoughby moodily tend the horse in the stable just outside the house . anne come up . anne you alright there , fella ? willoughby look like we get a war on we hand . ext . mildre 's house - dawn ay willoughby pull up outside mildre 's poor , clapboard house . from here we can see that the billboard puncture the dusty horizon be only a mile away . mildre see willoughby from the kitchen window , as he knock . she open the door . willoughby can we talk ? ext . mildre 's garden - day 18 mildre sit on a creaky swing - set , willoughby with hat in hand . willoughby I would do anything to catch the guy who do it , Mrs haye . but when the DNA do not match no - one who 's ever be arrest , and when the DNA do not match any other crime nationwide , and when there be not a single eyewitness from the time she leave you house to the time we find she , well , right now there be not too much more that we can do , except ... 12 . mildre could pull blood from every man and boy in this town , over the age of eight . willoughby there 's civil rights law prevent that , Mrs haye , and what if he be just pass through town ... mildre pull blood from ever 's man in the country , then . willoughby and what if he be just pass through the country ? mildre if it be I , I would start up a database , every male baby what 's bear , stick ‘em on it , cross - reference it , and as soon as they do something wrong , make a hundred percent certain it be a correct match , then kill ‘em . willoughby yeah , well , there 's definitely civil rights law prevent that . he sit on the swing beside she , the billboard stretch out down the hill in front of they . willoughby ( cont ’d ) I be do everything I can to track he down , Mrs haye . I do not think that billboard be very fair . mildre the time it 's take you to come out here whining like a bitch , willoughby , some other poor girl 's probably be butcher right now , but it 's good you have get you priority straight , Ill say that for ya . willoughby there 's something else , mild . ( pause ) I get cancer . I be die . mildre I know it . willoughby huh ? 22 mildre I know it . most everbody in town know it . willoughby you know it , and you still put that billboard up ? mildre well , they would not be as effective after you croak , right ? willoughby look at she in disbelief , get in he car , drive off . int . bar - night town 's main bar , welby shoot pool against jame , a local dwarf , who use a box to stand on . jame smack a good one in from a distance . dixon come up , drunk . dixon well looky looky , if it be not the instigator of this whole goddam affair in the first place ... red I do not instigate shit , dixon ... dixon play pool against the town midget . jame pot another . jame he 's right , Red , you be play pool against the town midget . red well he 's a cop , y'know , he 's observant . dixon you know , I always dislike you , Red , ever since you be a snotty little child , which you still look like . a snotty little child . red well that 's unfortunate . I always think you be great . jame play a safety shot . welby take over . dixon even you name , ' Red welby 's . even you name I dislike . 14 . red well ... okay . dixon like you be some kind of a goddam Communist or something , and proud of it . red no , it 's cos I get red hair . welby miss . dixon do you know what they do to faggot down in Cuba , welby ? red wow , that 's left-field ... no , what do they do to faggot down in Cuba , dixon ? dixon they kill ‘em ! which , it might surprise you to learn , T be against . red I be not sure if they do kill faggot down in Cuba , dixon . I know Cuba 's human rights record be pretty deplorable when it come to homosexuality , but kill ‘em ? be you sure you be not think of Wyoming ? dixon always with the smart - ass ... jame smashes in another . dixon ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! he 's quite good , be not he ? ( pause ) willoughby 's a good man , Red . he should not have this be the only thing he think about , the last month leave to he . red the last month what ? dixon oh . you do not know . yeah . pancreatic . red be shake . out of nowhere , mildre idle over , put a bunch of quarter on the pool table . mildre I be up next if any of you ole lady ever quit yakking . 24 15 . she hang there , stare they down . dixon rude . jame saw you on tv the other day , mild . mildre oh yeah ? jame yeah , you look good . she stare at he . a embarrassed pause . jame ( cont 'd ) I mean , y'know , you come across really good , in the thing you be say . embarrass , jame go back to the pool . dixon I do not think you come across really good in the thing you be say . I think you come across stupid-ass . mildre ai not it about time you get home to you momma , dixon ? dixon no it be not time I get home to my momma . I tole she I be gonna be out till twelve . actually . jame whacks in the black brilliantly from a distance ... dixon ( cont ’d ) Jesus ! jame I v. you , mild ! he smile at she . int . mildre 's house - night 24 mildre enter , a beer in hand , a bit drunk ... mildre hey Robbie ? I think that midget want to get in my pants ... ...to find father montgomery , a old priest she know , at the kitchen table beside robbie , best teacup in front of they . 16 . mildre ( cont 'd ) Father Montgomery . father montgomery mild . I be sorry for call on you so late , although I must say Robbie 's be the consummate host . despite he have , he be just tell I , something of a tricky day at school . robbie oh , no , just some of the guy on the team be give I crap . mildre crap about what ? father montgomery about the billboard . which be , uh , kind of what I have come to have a word with you about , mild . mildre oh. proceed . father montgomery I know it 's be hard for you , mild , this past year . we all do . the whole town do . and whatever it be you need , we will be there for you . always . but the town also know what kind of a man William willoughby be . and the town be dead set against this billboard of yours . mildre take a poll , do ya , Father ? father montgomery if you have not stop come to church , mild , you have be aware of the depth of people 's feeling . I have a dozen people come up to I on Sunday . so , yes , I take a poll . everybody be on you side about Angela . no - one 's on you side about this . mildre ¥/ know what I be think about , earlier today ? I be think ' bout that streetgangs they get in Los Angeles , the crip and the blood ? I be think about that buncha new law they come up with , in the 80 's I think it be , to combat that street - gang , that crip and that blood . ( more ) 25 she go off teacup . mildre ( cont 'd ) and , if I remember rightly , the gist of what that new law say be , if you join one of this gang , and you be run with ‘em , and down the block from you one night , unbeknownst to you , you fellow crip , or you fellow blood , shoot up a place , or stab a guy , well , even though you do not know nothing about it , even though you may have just be stand on a streetcorner mind you own business , that new law say you be still culpable . you be still culpable , by the very act of join that crip , or that blood , in the first place . which get I think , Father , that whole type of situation be kinda similar to you Church boy , be not it ? you have get you color , you have get you clubhouse , you be , for want of a better word , a gang . and if you be upstairs smoking a pipe and read a bible while one of you fellow gang member be downstairs fuck a altar boy then , Father , just like the crip , and just like the blood , you be culpable . cos you join the gang , man . and I do not care if you never do shit or never see shit or never hear shit . you join the gang . you be culpable . and when a person be culpable to altar-boy -fuck , or any - kinda- boy -fuck , I know you guy do not really narrow it down , then they kinda forfeit the right to come into my house and say a word about I , or my life , or my daughter , or my billboard . so , why do not you just finish you tea there , Father , and get the fuck outta my kitchen . to another room . montgomery put down he robbie but thanks for come up anyway , Father . int . hospital room - day i. 25 doctor draw willoughby 's blood as he look away from it , squeamish , out the window at the pretty landscape . doctor how you be feel , Bill ? willoughby oh , like I get cancer in a major organ . 26 27 18 . doctor well I just want you to know , we be all on you side about this mild haye thing ... willoughby if I have to hear that one more fuck time ...! willoughby wrench the needle from he arm , and toss the vial at a wall , where it smashes and splatter . willoughby ( cont 'd ) I be do with this shit . I can not waste my life wait . int . police station , MAIN room - day 26 willoughby breeze in , do up he tie . dixon 's hungover . willoughby get I the file on the haye case . dixon the Angela haye case or the mild haye case ? willoughby there be no mild haye case . dixon we have have two official complaint about the billboard , so , actually ... willoughby from who ? dixon ( flipping through pad ) a lady with a funny eye ... and a fat dentist . willoughby get I the file on the Angela haye case . '' a lady with a funny fuck eye '' , Jesus Christ . ext . billboard road - day 27 back of the billboard frame behind he , willoughby have the case file laid out on the hood of he car , weight with rock . some gruesome photo of a burn corpse that we do not see much of but dixon do , wince , nauseous . willoughby late night ? 30 19 . dixon no. willoughby Lay off that welby guy . dixon or you will do what ? willoughby or I will kick you momma 's tooth in . dixon no you will not . ( pause ) who tell ya I be lay on he anyway ? the midget ? willoughby what the fuck be you talk about ?! Fucking midget ! I be try to fuck concentrate ! dixon shrug . willoughby , go back to the file . dixon amble , bored . willoughby crouch , run he finger through the burnt soil there , look like he might cry . dixon what be you look for , anyway ? there 's nothing to look for . int . dentist 's surgery - day 30 mildre in a dentist 's chair . mildre I do not know what it be . the fill feel like it 's kinda waggling . geoffrey , a fat dentist , appear , with he instrument . geoffrey well if it 's waggling it 's gonna haveta come out . mildre ( bemuse ) ai not you gonna have a look at it first ? geoffrey do so , perfunctorily . geoffrey it 's gonna haveta come out . bemuse , she guess he know what he 's do . he fiddle among he drill , come up with a high pitch one . 31 20 . mildre uh , can I get a little novocaine , there , Doc ? he put the drill down , get a syringe , inject in under she gum at painful angle and length , take it out and look at he watch , just sit there . geoffrey give it a couple minute . mildre ( pause ) maybe it be not waggling . maybe it be just my finger go in and out . silence . he pick up the drill again , get it go . geoffrey I just want to say ... there 's a lotta good friend of Bill willoughby in this town , Mrs haye , who do not take kindly to ... but mildre have already grab the drill hand , then grab the hand that be hold she mouth open . she slowly start bring one hand towards the other , the whirring drill aim towards he big fat thumbnail . geoffrey be too flabby , and mildre too forceful , for he to do anything about it but whimper , as ... close up : the drill get closer and closer to he thumbnail . geoffrey sweat ... mildre determine ... +. , until finally the drill whirs into the nail , split it right down the center , then continue deeper , whirring into the bloody flesh under the nail until the nail spin off altogether . mildre then why do not you tell that good friend of Bill willoughby to tell Bill willoughby to go do he fuck job , fat boy . she push the scream bloody dentist out of the way , rinse she mouth out with the pink stuff , spit it at he head , and exit . int . gift shop - day 31 DENISE behind counter , mildre arrange knickknack . cop car pull up , light flash . willoughby and dixon enter . 21 . willoughby hey there , mild ! you do not happen to pay a visit to the dentist today , do ya ? mildre 's dialogue hereon be through a totally unintelligible , novocain mouth . mildre ( unintelligibly ) no. willoughby huh ? mildre ( unintelligibly ) Said ' no '. willoughby oh . so it be not you who drill a little hole in one of big fat geoffrey 's big fat thumbnail , no ? mildre ( unintelligibly ) of course not . willoughby huh ? mildre ( unintelligibly ) I say '' of course not . '' DENISE you drill a hole in the dentist ? mildre ( unintelligibly ) no , denise , I do not . DENISE huh ? willoughby well , I think it be kinda funny myself , but he want to press charge , so we be gonna have to bring you in , I be afraid . 32 int . police station , interview room - day 32 dixon guard door . mildre look out window . 22 . mildre be Pov : across the road , welby and pamela be look out at the pedestrian in the sunshine . welby 's obviously into she , but shy about it . end Pov . mildre smile . the novocaine 's wear off . mildre so how 's it all go in the nigger - torture business , dixon ? dixon it 's ' person of color 's - torture business , this day , if you want to know . and I do not torture nobody . she idle back to the table and sit . dixon ( cont ’d ) goddam say that goddam stuff on tv . my momma watch that station ! mildre and she do not know nothing about the torture ? dixon no she do not know anything about it . she 's against that kinda thing . willoughby breeze in . willoughby who 's against what kinda thing ? dixon my momma . be against ' person -of - color torture 's . she say ' nigger-torture 's . I say you can not say ' nigger-torture 's no more . you gotta say ' persons-of -color 's torture . right ? willoughby I think I x11 be able to take care of Mrs haye on my own from hereon , Jason . dixon sure , Chief , I 'il be right outside if you need I . dixon give willoughby a pat on the back as he leave . willoughby sit with some papers . he smile at of the desk , 23 . willoughby do not gimme that look . if you get rid of every cop with vaguely racist leaning then you would have three cop leave and all o’ they be gonna hate the fag so what be ya gonna do , y'know ? mildre , then come round and sit on she side look down on she . willoughby ( cont ’d ) I wanna know something , mild ... mildre do sit up high like that make you feel more powerful , Chief ? willoughby I be sorry , mild , I 'il go sit where I be if it make you feel more comfortable . mildre I do not say I be uncomfortable . I do not get uncomfortable around cop . sit wherever you want . it 's you police station . willoughby why would ya drill a hole through poor fat geoffrey 's thumbnail ? mildre oh , that do not happen . his hand slip and he drill a hole through he self . be he say I do it ? jeez , then I guess it 's just he word against mine , huh ? kinda like in all that rape case you hear about . except , in this instance , the chick be not lose . willoughby it be not really about win or lose , though , be it , mild ? I mean , do you think I care about who win or lose between the two of yous ? do you think I care about dentist ? I do not care about dentist . nobody care about dentist ! I do care about , or I be interested in , tie you up in court so long that you hour at the gift shop be so shot to shit that you be not get a penny to pay for another month billboard . I be interested in that . mildre I get some dough put away ... 24 . willoughby what I hear be you have to sell off you ex-husband 's tractor- trailer to even pay for this month 's billboard , that right ? ( pause ) how be ole Charlie , by the way ? he still shack up with that pretty little intern work down at the zoo ? mildre he 's still shack up with some chick who smell of shit . I do not know if the z0o 's get anything to do with it . although I would hope so . willoughby how old be she ? nineteen ? that must smart . mildre keep try , Officer . keep try . willoughby what 's Charlie think about this here billboard of yours , a ex-cop like Charlie ? mildre ex -cop , ex-wife-beater . same difference , I guess , right ? willoughby his word against yours , though , right ? ( pause ) Charlie do not know about they , do he ? mildre it 's none of he business . willoughby he 's kinda pay for ‘em though , be not he ? mildre I be pay for ‘em . willoughby this month you be . how about when ... willoughby suddenly let 's out a short sharp cough which spurt a spray of blood that hit mildre in the face , wholly by accident . horrify , shaking , willoughby try to wipe she face with a handkerchief , mildre almost in tear at he embarrassment . willoughby ( cont ’d ) I do not mean to ... 33 34 35 25 . mildre I know ... willoughby it be a accident ... mildre I know , baby . willoughby it 's blood . mildre I know . they be both in tear , and there 's a desperation in he eye , as he sit there shaking . mildre ( cont 'd ) I / 1l go get somebody ... she rush out the door . ext . police station - day 33 willoughby be gurney into a ambulance past towns - people , dixon beside he . willoughby just let she go . dixon roll he eye . willoughby ( cont ’d ) just let she go ! dixon nod as the ambulance door close . 34 ext . lower MAIN STREET - day 35 mildre , still stunne , wipe the remain spot of blood from she face , as towns - people ( include the bandage geoffrey and a lady with a funny eye ) come up to she angrily and , oddly , jerome drive a remote - control jeep along the sidewalk towards they . lady with a funny eye take that goddam thing down ! geoffrey take ‘em down . lady with a funny eye or we will ! 36 26 . mildre any of you funny - eye fucker even think about touch that billboard , you will fuck die . you get that ? you will fuck die . jerome drive he toy car into geoffrey 's ankle . jerome yeah , leave she alone . that billboard be cool ! jerome pick up he jeep and head off , and mildre be leave to walk away alone , the townspeople watch , geoffrey rub he ankle . from he second storey window , red welby have be watch the distant scene . he look across at the police station , and see that dixon have be watch he from he ground floor window . dixon slowly close he blind . int . car - dusk 36 mildre drive robbie home from school . robbie do bird get cancer ? mildre huh ? robbie bird . do they get cancer ? mildre I do not know . dog do . robbie yeah , well , I be not talk about dog , be I ? the car turn onto the billboard road . robbie ( cont ’d ) great , the good ole '' raped while dying '' route home . ( more ) 37 27 . robbie ( cont ’d ) cos if there be two second in a day when I do not think about she , and be not think about how she die , " there ya go , Robbie , think about it some more , why do not ya ? '' it 's good , too , that as much as a person might have try to avoid the detail of what happen , cos he do not think it have do any good , and he do not think he could bear it , it 's also good to be inform in twenty foot high lettering , and a real nice font , the precise detail of she last moment , y'know ? that it be not enough that she be rape , and it be not enough that she die , no . '' raped while dying '' . thank you , mom . mildre I give you the police report ... robbie I do not read ‘em ! I be depressed enough as it fuck be ! int . mildre 's house - night 37 robbie slam into he room , leave mildre alone and quiet . she go into angela 's room , sit on the bed a while . angela ( 0.s. ) Mom ? mildre ( 0.s. ) yeah ? int . mildre 's house , kitchen - day flashback . it 's ten month ago . mildre wash dish . robbie draw , angela dress to go out . angela you be not go out again tonight , be ya ? mildre denise say we might get we a coupla drink later , yeah . angela denise gonna be drive ya ? mildre Angela , why do not you just ask I if you can borrow the car ? 28 . angela can I borrow the car ? mildre no . angela bitch ! mildre but I will give you money for a taxi if you ask I nice and do not call I a bitch . angela why do you make I ask you borrow it if you be never gonna let I borrow it ? mildre cos it be funny . and cos you have be smoking pot all day . angela you be such a hypocrite ! mildre ' hypocrite , 's how ? angela you drive drunk with we in the car when we be kid . mildre what be you talk about ? angela daddy tell I . mildre ( pause ) when do you see he ? angela I see he all the time , do not change the subject . do you or do you not drive drunk with we in the car when we be kid ? mildre once , maybe ... angela oh , ' once , 's okay ... mildre .+. when he be in the middle of beat the shit out of I . 38 29 . angela which we have only get you word about , right ? robbie for Christ 's sake , Angela ... angela oh why be you never on my side , Robbie ? robbie I be always on you side when you be not be a cunt . angela hey ! mildre ( same time ) hey ..! there 's 1ll be no more ' cunt 's in this house , you get that , mister ? robbie what , be you move out ? both woman glare at he . robbie ( cont ’d ) it be a gag ! angela so be ya gonna let I borrow the car or what ? mildre why do not you just walk , Angela ? why do not you just walk ? angela you know what , I will walk , I will walk . and y'know what ? I hope I get rape on the way . angela storm out ... mildre yeah ? well I hope you get rape on the way too ! door slam . flashback over . int . hospital room - night 38 willoughby in a bed , anne nearby , doctor check he . 30 . doctor we be gonna need to keep you in a few day , Bill . you should not be cough up blood . willoughby yeah , I kinda guess that , Doc . doctor I will swing by in the morning . Anne . doctor depart , and we listen to he echoing footstep as they look at each other . anne guess I 'il go get you coat , huh ? willoughby well you know I be not stay ... anne and you know I be not argue . she smile and go out , footstep echo away , leave he alone there , in the sterile quiet . scare . 40 ext . mildre 's house - dawn 40 a pretty pink sunrise over the hill behind the house . 408 int . mildre 's house , kitchen - day 40b mildre and robbie get they breakfast in silence , robbie more moody than she be . she try to make he laugh , he ignore she . finally , she take a big spoonful of milk and cereal , and she sling it straight in he face and hair . mildre slipped . oops . she stare at he , deadpan , as milk and cereal drip down he face and hair . robbie you ... old ... cunt . mildre ( suppress laughter ) I be not old , Robbie robbie can not help but smile , then hear the sound of a car pull up on the gravel outside . robbie that 's dad . 41 42 31 . he wipe he face , rush to the door , mildre apprehensive . ext . mildre 's house - continuous 41 her ex , charlie , slam he car door shut and approach the front door as robbie open it . charlie 's nineteen year old girlfriend , penelope , remain in the passenger seat . robbie hey dad ! how you do ? charlie where 's the crazy lady ...? robbie gesture inside and charlie breeze in . robbie wave to penelope , who smile and give a embarrassed wave back . int . mildre 's house , kitchen - continuous 42 robbie , charlie and mildre , who 's still finish breakfast . charlie the kid 's get Rice fuck krispy in he fuck hair ! what 's go on around here ? and what the fuck 's go on with this fuck billboard , mild ? mildre kinda self - explanatory , be not it ? charlie well why do not you just explain it to I ? mildre guess it be not self - explanatory then . well , y'know , I guess I want certain people 's mind keep on certain people 's job , be all . I have not hear a word from ‘em in seven goddam month , but I tell ya this , I hear a awful lot from ‘em since I put that billboard up ... charlie you think this have focuss they mind ? I will tell you what it 's focuss they mind on . it 's focuss they mind on how exactly be they gonna fuck you up . mildre the more you keep a case in the public eye , the better you chance of get it solve , it 's in all the guidebook , Charlie . 32 . charlie how much that billboard cost ? mildre ' Bout the same as a tractor-trailer . robbie snigger . charlie what the fuck be you laugh at ? robbie nothing . charlie laughed at by a guy with fuck cereal in he hair ! robbie how 's penelope ? charlie huh ? she 's alright . robbie why do not you invite she in , save leave she sit there ? mildre she 's here ? charlie she 's out in the car . mildre oh . that explain it . charlie that explain what ? mildre I know I could smell something . charlie overturn the table violently and , as mildre back away , grab she by the neck and pin she against the wall . just as suddenly , a knife be place against charlie 's throat by robbie , deadly serious . robbie let she go . just then , the sound of a screen door creak be hear , and penelope be stand there , startle by the scene . 33 . penelope oh , um , I kinda need to use the bathroom , but if it 's inconvenient , actually it be inconvenient , be not it , I can see it 's inconvenient , I can hold it , it 's alright ... charlie let go of mildre and robbie lower the knife . robbie it 's the first door , down the hall . penelope be you sure ? I feel like I be intrude ... charlie just go pee ! penelope quickly head down the hall to the toilet , leave the three of they stare at each other . robbie set right the upturn table . charlie ( cont 'd ) since when do you grow a pair of ball ? robbie * Bout seven month ago . mildre look , you have say what you come to say . okay ? why do not ya just go get zoo girl and get the hell out of my house ? alright ? penelope come out of toilet , go to the screen door , turn . penelope um , actually , zoo -wise , they be let people go at the zoo , unfortunately , and it be a case of '' last in , first out '' , so , yeah , unfortunately the zoo have to let I go . but they be look for people down at the horse - ride for the disabled , to look after the horse down there , so I be work down there now , look after the disabled horse , so ... ( pause ) the horse be not disabled . the disabled be . ( pause ) I like all animal . she pause again , then exit . 34 . charlie do not say a word . mildre I be not gonna say a word . charlie do not you think I do not wish it have never happen ?! do not you think I do not wish she be here still ?! mildre I know you do . I know you do . charlie billboards be not gonna bring she back , mild . mildre neither be fuck nineteen year old , Charlie . charlie yeah . but I know that . mildre ( pause ) just go . charlie yeah , alright , I be such a shitty dad and you be such a great mom . alright . so how come a week before she die she come around ask if she can move in with I at my place , cos she could not stand the two of yous bitching at each other no more , and fight with each other no more ... mildre I do not believe you ... charlie and I say '' no , stay at home , you mom love you . '' and now I wish I have not , cos if I have not she have still fuck be here ! mildre I do not believe you ! charlie do not believe I . ask fruit Loop boy . charlie leave . sound of he car pull away . mildre be it true ? 39 35 . robbie I do not know , mom . mildre yeah , you do . int . dixon be house - day 39 dixon beside he momma on couch . he 's get he tortoise on he lap , she pour a margarita from a ready - make plastic pack . they be watch on tv the start of ' do not look now 's . dixon oh not Donald sutherland again ! what be this , a Donald sutherland season ?! momma , I like he . I like he hair . dixon Hair ! momma , this be the one where he little girl die . dixon always a plus in a movie ! ( pause ) it any good ? momma it 's get a great sex scene . dixon give she a uncomfortable glance . momma ( cont ’d ) talk of dead kid , what 's happen with the billboard lady ? dixon oh that cooze will not listen to reason . she 's as tough as a old boot ! momma oh . why do not you just fuck she over through she friend then ? dixon huh ? momma y'know , why do not you fuck she friend over ? make she come around that way . have she get some friend you could fuck over ? 43 50 36 . dixon think about it , nod . ext . gift shop - day 43 mildre find the shop shut . a handwritten note on it read '' I got arrested ! DENISE ! '' with a unsmiley face . int . police station , MAIN room - day 50 desk sergeant sigh as mildre enter . dixon be some desk away across the crowded station . mildre ( shout at dixon ) hey fuckhead ?! every cop turn to look at she , the audacity of it ... dixon what ? desk sergeant do not say ' what 's , dixon , when she come in call you a fuckhead , and do not you come in here ... mildre shut up ! ( to dixon ) you ! get over here . dixon no . you get over here . mildre alright ... she head over to dixon . desk sergeant what ?! do not ... dixon ! dixon what ?! I be take care of this ! desk sergeant you do not allow a member of the public to call you a fuckhead in the station house ! dixon that 's what I be do , I be take care of it ! in my own way . actually . now get out of my ass ! desk sergeant sigh and go back to work . 37 . dixon ( cont 'd ) Mrs haye . what be it I can do for you today ? mildre where 's denise Watson ? dixon denise Watson 's in the clank . mildre on what charge ? dixon possession . mildre of what ? dixon two marijuana cigarettes . Big one . mildre when 's the bail hearing ? dixon I ask the judge not to give she bail on account of she previous marijuana violation and the judge say sure . mildre you fuck prick . dixon you do not call a officer of the law a fuck prick in he own station - house , Mrs haye . or anywhere , actually . mildre ( leave ) what 's with the new hard - boil attitude , dixon ? you momma be coach ya ? dixon no . my momma do not do that . mildre pass desk sergeant on the way out . dixon ( cont 'd ) take ‘em down , haye ! she 's go . desk sergeant you do good , dixon . 47 51 38 . dixon yeah , I know I do . desk sergeant just sigh . ext . beautiful meadow beside lake - day 47 anne be look confuse , glass of wine in hand . the kid in the middle of a blanket on the grass , hold a child 's magnetic fishing rod each . willoughby toss teddy bear and doll two meter away from the circumference of the blanket . willoughby now , the rule here be twofold ; no kid can leave this goddam blanket at any goddam time , and every single one of this doll and this teddy bear have gotta be hook up . now , you momma and I , although it will not look like it , we will be watch every goddam move you make and the most important thing while we be watch you be you do not leave this blanket . the next most important thing be you do not at any stage allow the fishing rod to stick into you or you sister 's eyeball , as this would be counter - productive to the entire operation . what would this be ? both girl ( stumbling ) counterproductive to the entire operation . willoughby good . then troops ... start fishing . they do so , as willoughby grab a blanket , a bottle of wine , take anne by the hand and lead she uphill to the treeline . anne we. are. not . willoughby we be . she look back at the kid , safe within the confines of the blanket , and let 's herself be lead . ext . billboard road - day 51 mildre fix flower in pot at the billboard , make they look nice . it 's a beautiful , blue-sky day ; pretty bird mooch around , and out of nowhere a fawn suddenly appear . 49 39 . mildre stay dead still , breathless at the beauty of it , watch as it almost appear to look up at '' and still no arrest '' and cock its head at the question . it spot mildre suddenly and be startle slightly , but stand its ground . mildre hey baby . yep , still no arrest . how come , I wonder ? cos there be not no God and the world 's empty and it do not matter what we do to each other ? ooh , I hope not . ( pause ) how come you come up here outta nowhere , look so pretty ? you be not try to make I believe in reincarnation or something , be ya ? well , you be pretty , but you be not she . she get kill , and now she will be dead forever . I do thank you for come up , though . if I have some food I would give it ya , but I have only get some dorito and I would be scared they have kill ya , they be kinda pointy . then where would we be ? the fawn finally decide to amble away , off towards the hazy sunset horizon . she almost cry but do not quite . mildre ( cont ’d ) oh mild . int . welby 's office - day 49 mildre sit at desk , welby idling shiftily by the window . red yeah , so I , uh , just happen to be look over we contract we draw up back that time , and what I realise be , I realise that although payment be to be make on the first day of each month , uh , the first payment you pay be actually a deposit , be not it , like we say , so actually , in point of fact , you be actually behind in you payment now , by , yeah , a month . she give he a look . red ( cont ’d ) yeah . that 's , wh , what the contract say . look it over an’ all . the lawyer say so too . mildre when do you need this next payment by , Red ? 40 . red uh , well , now , really . another look . red ( cont ’d ) or fuh uh ... Friday ? mildre wow . when you can not trust the lawyer and the advertising man , what the hell 's America come to , huh ? ( pause ) who get to ya ? willoughby ? red nobody get to I . mildre my fat fuck ass ! red he 's die , mild . mildre we be all fuck die ! pamela knock at the door . pamela hand pamela Red ? red oh , hi pamela ! um , we bre a little bit busy , at the moment , Pam , if that 's okay ... pamela oh Red , I know , and I know you be real anxious about talk to Mrs haye this morning and all ... red anxious ? no ... pamela but that 's the thing , there 's no need to be , cos you will not believe it ! a little mexican delivery boy just drop in with this ... welby a envelope , full of banknote . red what the hell 's this ?! 41 . pamela I know ! it 's five thousand dollar ! and guess what the note say ? it say it 's to pay for the rental on Mrs haye 's billboard ! can you believe it ? that 's why I butte in ! red well , who 's it from ? pamela well , it do not say . red well , where 's the delivery boy ? pamela well , he go . red well , do you see what company he be from ? pamela well , no . red well , what kinda uniform do he have on ? pamela well , he just look like one of that fat little mexican boy . ( pause ) on a bicycle ? ( pause ) do I do something wrong ? red no , Pam , you do good . mildre yeah , Pam , you do real good . pamela do i? great ! ai not life crazy ? pamela smile , give red the thumb up , leave . mildre what 's the note say ? red say , er , '' this here money be to go towards the fund for mild haye 's billboard , cos she be not the only one round here who hate the pig . sign , a friend . '' 42 . mildre jeez , I guess ya can not be picky who you friend be this day , huh ? ( stand ) um , be good to get a little receipt off ya , Red , y'know , say the price of next month 's be pay in full an’ all . red oh. sure , mild , sure . mildre yeah . like , now . red oh! sure ! welby hurriedly write one out . 52 int . willoughby house - night 52 willoughby tuck the kid in as they giggle . jane be mommy drunk , daddy ? willoughby no , no , she 's just get a little migraine , that 's all . a little chardonnay migraine , now no more chit chat out of you two , ok ? jane can we stay home from school again tomorrow , daddy ? willoughby we will see what you mommy say in the morning , darling ... jane / polly aww ! willoughby but I be pretty sure she will say yes though ... jane / polly yay ! willoughby now eye close and get some sleep , okay ? he kiss they goodnight , switch the light off . 43. 53 int . willoughby live room - continuous 53 anne be lie on the couch , a small wet towel over she eye . willoughby sit in beside she and kiss she . willoughby you do not smell of puke . which be good . anne aquafresh . trick I learn . willoughby woman , huh ? anne oh yeah . resourceful . willoughby it 's still you turn to clean the horseshit outta the stable , y’know ? anne oh that fuck horse ! they be you fuck horse ! I be gonna have that fuck horse shot ! willoughby Ill do it , you lazy bitch . anne thank you , poppa . ( pause ) that be a real nice day . and that be a real nice fuck . you get a real nice cock , Mr willoughby . willoughby be that from a play , '' you get a real nice cock , Mr willoughby ? '' I think I hear it in a Shakespeare one time . anne you dummy . it 's oscar wilde . she put the towel back over she eye as he laugh . 54 int . willoughby 's stable - night 54 the horse watch as he finish shovel the shit , lay out fresh hay , give they a pat , think about the day , smile . willoughby '' oscar wilde . '' he smile again , then pick up a black hood , on the outside of which he have pin a note that read '' do not open the bag . just telephone the boy '' . 55 56A 56e 56g 56h 56i 44a . he place the black hood snugly over he head so the note be visible , cock a large handgun , raise the gun to he temple , and shoot himself through the head . his dead body fall heavily to the ground , the hood conceal all the mess . int . willoughby house - continuous 55 anne pull the towel off she eye , have hear something . she get up and we go with she , camera on she face , as she move all the way through the house to the kitchen , where she stop suddenly , and she face fall ... anne no. no. no ...! we see what she see - a plain white envelope propped on the bare kitchen table , the single word ' anne 's dead center of it . anne ( cont 'd ) no! no! no! no ! she break down cry on the cold kitchen floor . we hear willoughby 's note over the following silent image ; int . willoughby house - night 56a polly and jane frame in they dark doorway , as they mother cry on the floor ; ext . willoughby 's stable - night 56e the horse bemuse in willoughby 's garden , as anne stand drain in the doorway of the stable , the crescent moon above it . she slowly trudge back to the house ; int . willoughby house - night 56g anne lie on jane 's bed , hugging polly and jane to she , all eye open , numb , as a uniformed cop stand guard outside the room and other cop move through the house ; ext . beautiful meadow beside lake - night 56h the beautiful lakeside in the moonlight , and the one teddy - bear lay there that they miss , its grumpy little face ; ext . willoughby 's stable - night 561 flash light the cop and ambulance people at the stable ; 56 d 45 . blood seeping along the '' just telephone the boy '' part of the note ( so only the word ' the just 's be not blood - cover ) . the desk sergeant wince as he open the hood . int . willoughby house - night 56 a willoughby quietly finish the note at the kitchen table , anne 's drunken foot , in fun sock , visible on the distant couch . he put it in a envelope mark ' anne 's , get up , and quietly leave the house ; willoughby ( v.0o . ) my darling Anne . there 's a longer letter in the dresser drawer I have be write for the last week or so . that one cover we , and my memory of we , and how much I have always love you . this one just cover tonight , and , more importantly , today . tonight I have go out to the horse to end it . I can not say sorry for the act itself , although I know that for a short time you will be angry at I or even hate I for it . please do not . this be not a case of '' I come in this world alone , and I be go out of it alone '' or anything dumb like that . I do not come in this world alone , my mom be there , and I be not . go out of it alone , cos you be there , drunk on the couch , make oscar wilde 's cock joke . no . this be a case , in some sense , of bravery . not the bravery of face a bullet down ; the next few month of pain would be far harder than that small flash . no , it 's the bravery of weigh up the next few month of still be with you , still waking up with you , of play with the kid , against the next few month of see in you eye how much my pain be kill you ; how my weaken body as it ebb away and you tend to it be you final and last memory of I . I will not have that . you final memory of I will be we at the riverside , and that dumb fishing game ( which I think they cheat at ) , and I inside of you , and you on top of I , and barely a fleeting think of the darkness yet to come . that be the best , Anne . a whole day of not think about it . dwell on this day , baby , cos it be the best day of my life . kiss the girl for I , and know that I have always love you , and maybe I will see you again if there 's another place . ( more ) 57 57a 58 46 . willoughby ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and if there be not , well , it 's be Heaven know you . you boy , Bill . ext . police station - day 57 early morning on Main Street , dixon can be see through he window , i- pod earphone on . int . police station , MAIN room - day s7a dixon at he desk , first one in , sing along quietly to Abba 's ' chiquitita 's . cop start come in on the other side of room , and the one who be not in tear be when they be tell . dixon be oblivious to all this , and because we be with he music , we do not hear the sound of it either . dixon look up and finally notice something be amiss when he see a fellow cop smash a chair to piece and be restrain by the desk sergeant and two other cop , as he break down in tear . dixon take he earphone out . dixon ( laugh ) what the Hell 's go on around here ? all the cop turn and look at he . dixon ( cont ’d ) what ? int . police station , toilet - day 58 desk sergeant hold dixon up at the sink he 's puke into , nose stream , cry quietly , dizzy . desk sergeant can you stand now ? dixon I can stand , I can stand ... desk sergeant I would better get out there , say something to ‘em . you be not gonna faint again , be ya ? dixon shake he head . desk sergeant go out . dixon clean himself up , look at himself in the mirror , breathes deeply , exit . 59 60 61 47 . int . police station , MAIN room - day 59 dixon pull on he jacket and look out he window as the desk sergeant speak . Pov out window : in he second storey window , welby sit at he desk , chat with pamela , who laugh at a joke he 's make . end Pov . desk sergeant ... that the best thing , the only thing , to honor that man 's memory right now , be to go to work . be to be a good cop . be to walk in he shoe . be to do what he do , every day of he life . help people . dixon strap on he belt , pick up he night -stick and walk out of the station . we track he in one continuous shot ... ext . police station - continuous 60 ... as he walk across the street , car screeching to a halt , to welby 's building . he smashes its glass door with he night - stick and carry on through it , and we continue tracking he ... int . welby 's build - continuous 61 ... as he walk up the stair to the second floor , to welby in the office , startle at the glass smash . he back away from he ... red what the hell 's go on , dixon ? dixon club welby in the face and welby go down , pamela scream . dixon continue calmly to the window , smashes it with the night-stick , pick welby up and shove he out of it . welby disappear out the window , he scream remain for a second till they be end with a sicken thud . pamela you fuck pig ! what the fuck be you do ?! dixon club pamela across the face , break she nose . she collapse , and he walk all the way back down -stair and into the street , and we continue to track he , as ... 62 63 48. ext . MAIN STREET - day 62 .. she come out , see welby , break ankle / arm / hand , try to get up and crawl away . dixon come up behind , club he back down ... dixon see , Red ? I get issue with white folk too ... dixon calmly walk back into the police station , pass a well - dress black man , abercrombie , on he way . dixon ( cont 'd ) the fuck be you look at ? dixon enter the station . abercrombie lower he coffee , and we see he cop 's badge as he take in the carnage on the street . end of tracking shot int . mildre 's house , kitchen - day 63 mildre and robbie , fix cornflake and coffee , tv on in b.g . the local news flash back on , a image of willoughby , the anchor announce ... anchor ( tv ) report , sadly , have come in overnight , that Chief William willoughby of ebbing , Missouri , take he own life early this morning ... mildre react like she 's be punch ... anchor ( tv ) ( cont ’d ) ++. in the grounds of he home . this report just in from gabriella forrester . tv cut to gabriella ( who interview mildre week back ) outside the willoughby home , yellow cordon tape up , etc . gabriella ( tv ) tragedy come call today upon this quiet family home outside of ebbing , Missouri ; a home belong to Chief William willoughby , he wife , Anne , he two young daughter , polly and Jane . what appear to be a self - inflicted gunshot wound bring life to a end for Chief willoughby , a man highly - respected in ebbing for he diligence and he service to the community , a service that last more than 25 year . what lead he to take he life in the early hour of this morning it be too early to speculate ; ( more ) 65 67 49 . gabriella ( tv ) ( cont 'd ) there be rumor of illness ; could it simply have be the pressure of the job ; or could it have something to do with a story we run here just two week ago , of this billboard , and the woman who put they there , mild haye ... mildre flip the tv off with the remote . ext . school - day 65 robbie get out of the car as a group of two boy and one girl stare over at mildre . suddenly a can of Coke hit the windscreen , from they direction . mildre look at the fizz . robbie do not . mildre get out of the car , walk over to one of the boy . mildre say , do you know who throw that can ? boy what can ? mildre kick he hard in the crotch . he go down . she turn to the girl next to he . mildre how about you , honey ? do you know who throw that can ? girl uh , no , I do not really see ... mildre kick she hard in the crotch . she go down . she stare at the other boy , who kinda shudder . she go back to the car , get in , speed off . robbie ( under breath ) thanks mom. int . police station , MAIN room - day 67 dixon 's fellow cop slap he on the back in praise , as abercrombie quietly enter and walk up to the desk sergeant . desk sergeant and what can I do for you today , Sir ? abercrombie what 's you name ? 50 . desk sergeant name 's on my tag , man . you hard of read ? abercrombie hard of read , no , no . that 's good , '' hard of read '' . it 's kind of like '' hard of hearing '' , but it 's actually it 's '' hard of read 's , it 's like a play on word or something . desk sergeant what do you want ? abercrombie uh , I have be send down to uh , take over from Chief willoughby , in light of last night 's unfortunate event . dixon ( from back of room ) you have get to be fuck kid I ! desk sergeant do you have any documentation to prove that , Sir ? abercrombie you really wanna see my documentation , fucker ? abercrombie stare at he , cold as ice . dixon yeah , see he documentation ! desk sergeant back down . abercrombie stroll up to dixon 's desk , all the other cop watch . abercrombie ( to the other ) none 0 's you cracker motherfucker get no work to do ? cop go back to work . dixon ( quietly ) ai not that racialist ? abercrombie sit on dixon 's desk . abercrombie what happen to you hand there , Officer dixon ? 51 . dixon oh , I just kinda bang ‘em up a little bit while I be throw some guy out of a fuck window . y'know , the usual . abercrombie oh yeah ? they never teach I that one at the Academy . dixon which fuck Academy you go to ? abercrombie look over dixon 's cluttere desk ; he momma 's photo , toy figurine , angela haye 's case file , a comic book . abercrombie how 's thing come along on the Angela haye case ? dixon how 's thing come along on the ' mind you own fuck business 's case ? abercrombie how thing come along on the hand I you gun and you badge ? dixon snort , then , as he realise he mean it , be sicken . dixon huh ? abercrombie Hand I you gun and you badge . dixon 's eye well up . abercrombie just stare right past he . dixon give abercrombie he gun , then check himself for he badge . he can not find it . he go through all he pocket , embarrassed , as abercrombie wait . still can not find it . dixon I can not find my badge . no , seriously . maybe I drop it when iwas do the window guy ? abercrombie just get out of my station house , man . dixon rise , sadly . look to he fellow cop . who look away . abercrombie enter willoughby 's office , slam the door behind he . dixon shuffles up to the desk sergeant . dixon I think I just get fire . fire or suspend , I be not sure which ... desk sergeant fire . 68 52 . dixon look at he , eye welling up . he nod , and leave before he start cry . int . gift shop - day 68 a pick - up truck pull up outside . mildre , read a magazine , watch as a well - build , crop - haire guy , late 20' , enter , kinda stare straight at she a moment , then amble around the shop , look at knickknack he obviously have no use for . he stare at guy toss a mildre anything I can help you with , just gimme a holler . crop-haired guy ( pause ) give you a what ? mildre a holler ? she again , then continue with the knickknack . crop -haired guy a holler , huh ? ( pause ) give mild haye a holler . okay . mildre you know I ? crop -haired guy only from the tv , and the radio . how much this here ' welcome to Missouri 's rabbit go for ? mildre Seven buck . it 's writ right on ‘em . glass rabbit against a distant shelf , where it , and the thing on the shelf , shatter , startling mildre . crop -haired guy guess he be not seven buck now . mildre what the Hell be it you come in here for ? crop -haired guy what do I come in here for ? well , maybe I be a good friend of willoughby 's , how about that ? mildre be you ? 53 . crop -haired guy or , y'know ... maybe I be a friend of you daughter 's or something . how about that ? mildre ( pause ) be you ? crop -haired man or , uh , y'know , maybe I be the guy who fuck she while she be die ? how about that ? they stare at each other a while . mildre be you ? crop -haired guy oh ... naw . I would have like to . I see she picture in the paper there . door bell tinkle , as anne enter , dress in black . crop -haired guy ( cont ’d ) save by the bell , huh ? guy turn to leave . mildre you owe I seven fuck dollar for the rabbit . crop -haired guy guess you will have to get it off I next time I be pass through , huh mild ? mildre I guess I will . guy exit . anne , who she 's never see before , come up . mildre ( cont 'd ) you do not know how glad I be to see you . anne what ?! mildre that guy be scare I . anne I would not have say you scare easy . 54 . mildre I be not the worst . what can I do for you , mar ’am ? anne my husband leave this for you before he shot himself in the head last night . anne hand she the letter , as mildre just stare at she . mildre I be sorry , Mrs willoughby ... anne be you ? be you really ? mildre of course ... anne surely it 's the perfect end for you , be not it ? it 's proof that they have be successful , this billboard of yours , be not it , a dead policeman ? it 's quantifiable now . mildre be you blame this on I ? anne no , I be not blame this on you . I just come to give you the letter . now , my two little girl be out in the car , so I would better not stay and chat . I be not sure what we be go to do for the rest of the day . it 's hard to know what to do the day you husband kill himself . it 's hard to know what to do . anne leave . mildre look out as she drive away - and see polly and jane look back at she through the rear window . mildre rest she head on the glass door a second , the break ' welcome to missouri 's rabbit on the shelf beside she , its head split in two . she open the letter in she hand and start read , as dusk fall on the street outside . willoughby dear mild , Dead man willoughby here . firstly I want to apologise for die without catch you daughter 's killer . it 's a source of great pain to I , and it would break my heart to think you think I do not care , cos I do care . there be just some case ... 69 70 55 . ext . billboard road - dusk 69 the billboard and surround landscape from various angle at sunset ; include detail like the half - eat flower and the insect thereon ; the burnt patch of dirt ; and the billboard themselves . willoughby ( v.0 . ) ..- where you never catch a break , then five year down the line some guy hear some other guy brag about it in a bar-room or a jail - cell and the whole thing be wrap up through sheer stupidity . I hope that might be true for Angela , I really do . second , I gotta admit , mild , the billboard be a great fuck idea . they be like a chess move . and although they have absolutely nothing to do with my die , I be sure that everyone in town will assume that they do , which be why , for willoughby 's counter - move , I decide to pay the next month 's rent on ‘em . I think it have be funny , you have to defend ‘em a whole nuther month after they have stick I in the ground . the joke be on you , mild , ha ha , and I hope they do not kill you . so good luck with all that , and good luck with everything else too . I hope and I pray that you get he . ext . dixon 's house - dusk 70 dixon and momma sit on they porch at sunset , with beer . momma well , do you want I to go down and talk to they ? dixon no I do not want you to go down and talk to they . Jesus ! somebody send they goddam mother down to talk to the goddam police , for Christ 's sake . ( pause ) and say what ? momma and say to give you you job back . and to get rid of the black guy . dixon they be not gonna listen to some guy 's mother , ask they to get rid of some black guy . thing have move on in the South ! 56 . momma well it should not have ! ( pause ) will they give you any money for be laid off an’ all ? dixon I do not know what the compensation scheme be for when you throw a guy out of a window , Mom . I guess I shoulda look into that beforehand . let I Google that ! momma a couple grand , maybe ? you have be there three year . not count the five year at the Academy . six if you count the year you be hold back . dixon pull on he jacket . momma ( cont 'd ) where ya go ? dixon none of you business . momma off to see you fancy woman ? dixon I do not get a fancy woman . momma , yeah . I know ! he give she a dirty look . dixon you wanna watch yourself . momma or you will do what ? dixon blow you goddam head off . momma laugh loudly . dixon get in he car and drive off . of ext . road approaching billboard - continuous 71a mildre and robbie , drive a road adjacent to the billboard road , the billboard not yet in sight . robbie oh , do you hear the news ? 72 57 . mildre what news ? robbie that dixon guy throw that welby guy out he window this morning . mildre you be shitting I . be welby okay ? robbie shrug . mildre be sick to she stomach , and just when it seem like thing can not get any worse , she turn onto the billboard Road and suddenly see ... mildre ( cont 'd ) you be shitting I ! ... all three of the billboard be on FIRE . mildre speed towards they ... ext . billboard road - night 72 we speed towards the fiery billboard ; the third totally ablaze , the second half - ablaze , word still legible , the first just get go . mildre grab the car 's extinguisher ... mildre go get the one from the house ! robbie should not I call the fire department ? mildre fuck the fire department ! they probably start it ! robbie well do not do anything stupid ! but mildre 's already racing towards the first billboard , spraying it all over from close up . robbie speed off . mildre keep spraying like a madwoman ... mildre ( quietly ) scumbag , scumbag , scumbag . Fucking scumbag . ... and finally get the first billboard out , then sprint all the way to the second , start in on that . it 's harder this time - the flame already halfway up . she get a idea , concentrate all she effort on the leave side post alone and , as it start go out , she start climb up it , put out the fire bit by bit as she go . 73 58. finally , all the leave hand post be out and , though she hand be burnt , she get to the top of the billboard and start walk along it , spraying down along its length . this start to work , flame edging back , until tsss tsss , the extinguisher run out of stuff . she toss it violently at the flame and stay stand there , stare at they , as the flame slowly start to rise towards she again . suddenly , robbie pull up , jump out of the car and start in on the flame below she . robbie what the hell be you do , Mom ?! the flame start to come under control as mildre climb back down . robbie have the second billboard out by the time she 's down , but the distant third be still raging . mildre start march off towards it ... mildre come on ... robbie leave it , ma . it 's too late . mildre storm back and try to grab the extinguisher off he , but he will not let it go . it 's pain she burnt hand terribly , but she keep try . robbie ( cont ’d ) Mom , leave it , please ! pause . mildre make one final effort . this time robbie let it be take . she stride off to the third billboard , totally engulf in massive flame . he watch she start in on it , sigh , then head off towards she , to try and help . ext . billboard road - night 73 later . the fire out , the billboard smoulder . firemen and cop idling . mildre 's hand be be treat by a medic , as robbie look on . abercrombie come over . abercrombie how be that hand ? she ignore he . the medic move off . abercrombie ( cont ’d ) can I ask you a coupla question ? mildre you can ask I all the question you want if you take I down and arrest I . 16 7 59 . abercrombie I be not gonna arrest you , Mrs haye . I get nothing to arrest you for . mildre not yet you be not . she walk off towards the second billboard and the car . abercrombie ( to robbie ) we be not all the enemy , y'know ? int . mildre 's house , her bedroom - morning 76 mildre lie awake , think . she slowly sit up , slip she foot into she fluffy bunny rabbit slipper at bedside , and sit there a while ; wear out , angry , depressed . mildre ( quietly ) I all crucify the motherfucker . ( cry ) I will crucify the motherfucker . she flexe she toe in she bunny slipper , and the bunny nose look like they be sniff . it hit she how incongruous the image be in regard to what she 's say . she smile . mildre 's Pov : of rabbit slipper , nose sniff again . mildre ( cont 'd ) ( rabbit voice ) what be you gonna do to ‘em , mild ? you be gonna crucify ‘em , you say ? ( normal voice ) that 's right , I be gonna crucify ‘em. ( rabbit voice ) who you gonna crucify ? the motherfucker ? ( normal voice ) that 's right , the motherfucker . ( rabbit voice ) jeez ! well , I guess that motherfucker better watch out then , huh ? ( normal voice ) Fucking a! i/e. car drive billboard road - day 17 mildre and robbie approach the burn out , blacken billboard , and see gabriella and she news crew at the second of they . they slow down to a crawl , to listen ... mildre what 's this shit ...? 78 79 60 . ext . billboard road , second billboard - continuous 78 gabriella continue , do a little walk past the billboard for the camera , which pan with she ... gabriella .+.and as sad as the spectacle of this burn out billboard might be , in light of the death of Chief willoughby , this reporter for one can not help but wonder whether this finally put a end to the strange saga of the three billboard outside of eb ... mildre call from the car ... mildre this do not put a end to shit , you fuck retard , this be just the fuck start , so why do not you put that on you " good Morning Missouri fuck wake - up broadcast '' , bitch ! mildre drive off at speed from the open-mouthed gabriella , who finally give the cameraman the sign to cut . ext . dixon 's house - day 79 dixon read a comic book on the porch , beer in hand . momma come out , worried . momma I see on the tv there be a buncha fire light outside o’ town last night . dixon buncha fire , huh ? momma , out at that billboard . dixon yeah , well , back when I be a cop I woulda be interested in who set that fire cos , technically , that 's arson , but as I be no longer employ by that people I do not really give a good god damn , now do I ? telephone ring , they look at each other . dixon go into the house and get it . dixon ( cont ’d ) the dixon residence . oh , hey sarge ! how you do ? you get any news ? 80 81 82 83 61 . desk sergeant ( 0.8 . ) News about what ? dixon I dunno , about my job and stuff ? int . police station , MAIN room - continuous 80 desk sergeant at desk , squad room busy , abercrombie talk to other cop in b.g. int . dixon be desk sergeant no , no . what ? no. Anne willoughby just drop in a letter that Bill write you before he die . house - continuous 81 dixon oh my God ! what 's it say ? desk sergeant ( 0.s. ) I have not read it , dixon , it 's not my letter . dixon oh. well , I x11 come right down ... int . police station , MAIN room - continuous 82 desk sergeant look at the distant abercrombie and the cop listen to int . dixon be he ... desk sergeant well , wh ... I do not think that have be such a great idea , as thing stand , Jason . uh , you have still get you key to the station - house though , right ? dixon ( 0.s. ) yeah . desk sergeant well , why do not you just come pick it up when everyone 's go home . I can leave it on you desk for ya . house - continuous 83 dixon oh. okay . 85 85a 86 87 62. desk sergeant ( 0.s. ) actually , yeah , then when you be do you can just leave you key , save we pick ‘em up later . dixon nod , so he will not have to cry . ext . police station - night 85 the dark street at night . Inside the lower blind of the police station there 's the faint glow of a flashlight . int . police station - night 85 a dixon in the dark , empty station with a flashlight , eat dorito , headphone on , look at the '' officer jason dixon '' envelope on he desk , beside Angela 's file . he open it . willoughby ( v.0o . ) Jason , willoughby here . I be dead now , sorry about that , but there 's something I want to say to you that I never really say when I be alive . I think you have get the making of be a really good cop , Jason , and you know why ? because , deep down , you be a decent man . I know you do not think I think that , but I do , dipshit . you play hopscotch when you think no - one 's look , for Christ 's sake ... ext . MAIN STREET - night 86 Street desert as mildre , with backpack , check to see no - one 's watch then slip inside through the tape up door of welby 's office . willoughby ( v.0 . ) I do think you be too angry , though , .. int . welby 's office - night 87 mildre at welby 's desk in he swivel chair , phone - book open to ' ebbing Police precinct House 's , telephone to she ear , backpack on table , break window look out on the dark police station across the street . willoughby ( v.0 . ) ++. and I know it 's all since you dad die and you have to go look after you Mom and all ... 88 89 90 91 63. int . police station , MAIN room - continuous 88 telephone on desk sergeant 's desk start ringing , red light flash , but as dixon still have he headphone on he can not hear it . phone stop ringing after a while . willoughby ( v.0o . ) ++s but as long as you hold onto so much hate then I do not think you be ever go to become ... int . welby 's office - continuous 89 mildre get up and exit frame with she backpack , leave just the table , window and the police station in shot . SOUND only of four clinking bottle take out of backpack . mildre move back into shot , look at the phone again . willoughby ( v.0 . ) ++. what I know you wanna become ... int . police station , MAIN room - continuous 90 dixon walk around the station , read tearfully . pass desk sergeant 's desk , as phone start ringing again . he still can not hear it . after five or six ring it stop . willoughby ( v.0 . ) ++.a detective . int . welby 's office - continuous 91 mildre look at the phone she 's just put down , think , roll a cigarette lighter around in she hand , thumbing the flint but not lighting it , until ... mildre fuck ‘em ! she light the lighter , and we pan with she and finally see the four molotov cocktail she 's place on the table . she quickly pick up and light the first , move to the window and launch it high out across the street . it explode below dixon 's window , set it and the whole wall alight . willoughby ( v.0 . ) cos you know what you need to become a detective ? and I know you be gonna wince when I say this ... 92 93 94 95 96 97 64 . int . police station - continuous 92 dixon have not notice the sound or the flame . he turn the letter to the 2nd page . willoughby ( v.0 . ) ... but what you need to become a detective ... be love. dixon wince . willoughby ( v.0 . ) because through Love come calm , and through calm come think . and you need think to detect stuff sometimes , Jason . it 's kinda all you need . int . welby 's office - continuous 93 mildre toss the second molotov out ... willoughby ( v.0 . ) you do not even need a gun . and you definitely do not need hate . ext . police station - continuous 94 it hit the second storey window , set they alight . willoughby ( v.0 . ) hate never solve nothing ... int . police station - continuous 95 dixon be wrap up in the letter , chew he fingernails , flame leaping behind he willoughby ( v.0o . ) but calm do . and think do . try it . try it just for a change . no -one will think you be gay . int . welby 's office - continuous 96 mildre toss the third molotov out ... int . police station - continuous 97 third molotov hit the police station door , set it alight . 98 99 100 101 65 . willoughby ( v.0 . ) and if they do , arrest ‘em for homophobia ! wo not they be surprised ! int . police station - continuous 98 flame still leap outside dixon 's window as dixon , he back to it , keep read . willoughby ( v.0 . ) good luck to you , Jason . you be a decent man , and yeah you have have a run of bad luck ... int . welby 's office - continuous 99 in slowmo , mildre toss out the final molotov ... willoughby ( v.0 . ) +.. but thing be gonna change for you ... ext . MAIN STREET - continuous 100 in slowmo , the molotov arc up across the street ... willoughby ( v.0 . ) I can feel it . +++and in normal speed , smashes in thru dixon's window ... int . police station - continuous 101 dixon finally notice this one , as it explode behind he and knock he off he foot , he desk and that whole side of the room set ablaze . he see that the station door be on fire also , block he exit , and the angela haye file on he desk 's on fire too . he grab and pat it against himself , get the flame out but get petrol all over himself in the process . dixon look around , check a lock back door , and realise there be no way out of the building other than through he own the fiery break window . dixon calm . calm . stand in front of the window , he look down at the file , place it safely up inside he shirt , hug it tightly to he chest , take a few step back , then make a run leap , headfirst through the flame and out the window . 102 103 66 . ext . MAIN STREET - continuous 102 dixon land on the sidewalk in a heap , he clothes all alight . he quickly pull the case file out from under he shirt and toss it as far away from the flame as he can . it land in a clean spot , no flame touch it , which can not be say for dixon . he roll around , try to put himself out , but it 's just make it worse , he 's like a fireball ... across the street , mildre come out of the welby building and see he , horrify , just as jame turn a far corner and see dixon on fire and mildre in the doorway . he sprint over and beat out the flame with he hand and clothes but dixon 's head , hand and body be badly char . mildre turn away from he , horrify , and see the case file lie there , and realise what dixon have do , as the siren and blue light of the ambulance and firemen arrive . ext . MAIN STREET - dawn 103 later . Fire almost out , building ravage . mildre sit exhaust on the sidewalk outside welby 's , jame beside she , look at she suspiciously . she look away . abercrombie come over . abercrombie ( to mildre ) so what do you see ? jame well when we turn the corner from spring , the fire be already raging , so , and then two second later the cop guy just jump out the window ... abercrombie wait , the two of you turn the corner from spring ? where be you before this ? jame round at my place . abercrombie you two be boyfriend and girlfriend ? jame well , it 's early stage , y'know . abercrombie ( to mildre ) that right ? mildre we have have a couple date . 104 67 . abercrombie move off , suspicious . jame so you wanna go out to dinner next week ? mildre I / 1l go out to dinner with ya . but T be not gonna fuck ya . she head off . jame well , I be not gonna fuck you neither . ( quietly ) I guess . int . hospital room - day 104 welby read . a man , face and body bandage ( it 's dixon , though welby can not see this ) be wheeled in by a nurse . nurse ( to welby ) burn victim . he 's pretty heavily sedate . nurse leave . welby hobble over to take a look . half dixon 's hair be go and only he eye be visible through the bandage . red hey man ? you do okay ? jeez , you get burn up pretty bad . you will be okay though , do not worry . you want a glass of orange juice ? I get a straw somewhere ... the eye behind the bandage start to cry . red ( cont ’d ) hey man , do not cry . you will be okay . dixon I be sorry , welby . red ( pause ) you know I ? dixon I be sorry . red sorry for what , man ? dixon for throw you out the window . 106 68. welby realise finally , start back away . red save it . dixon I be sorry . red I do not care . and stop cry . the salt will just fuck up you wound . dixon I think salt be suppose to be good for wound . red well what be I , a fuck doctor ?! welby go back to he bed . sound of dixon still cry . dixon 's Pov : thru bandage , of the ceiling , he cry still . then the SOUND of liquid pour . then the SOUND of shuffle step . then the Pov catch welby , limping over . carry a glass of orange juice . he place it beside dixon 's bed and put a straw in it . Pov follow welby a little way back to he bed then drift to the ceiling and remain there . as he cry continue . int . mildre 's house - continuous 106 a knock on the front door . mildre look out through the spyhole , do not recognise jerome , who knock again . mildre who be it ? jerome ( 0.8 . ) oh you do not know I really . mildre well what you want ? jerome ( 0.8 . ) I come about the billboard . mildre what about ‘em ? jerome ( 0.s. ) they get burn up . mildre I know that . 69 . jerome ( 0.s. ) I be one of the guy who put the ‘em up in the first place . mildre open door , safety latch on , vaguely recognise jerome . jerome ( cont ’d ) Jerome . they shake finger through the door . mildre what can I do for ya , Jerome ? jerome well , y'know , when you be put up a buncha poster like that , just in case any of ‘em get screw up or tear , they give ya a set of duplicate , y'know ? jerome show she what he 's bring up . thru the crack in the door she see two big card roll full of poster . mildre ( smile ) no , I do not know that . 107 ext . billboard road , second billboard - day 107 later that day . mildre and robbie sloshing up the poster on the ' and still no arrest 's billboard , as , distantly , jerome be finish up with the first billboard . jame be hold mildre 's ladder steady , look up at she . mildre ladder 's pretty steady as it be , there , James . jame oh , I do not mind . I like hold ladder . it take I out of myself . mildre sigh . a car pull up . out get DENISE . DENISE need a hand ? squeale , mildre get down , give she a hug . mildre when would you get out ? DENISE hour ago . judge throw it out , say the arrest report be not fill out right . ( more ) 108 109 110 70 . DENISE ( cont 'd ) say , you do not burn down the police station , do ya ? mildre no ... jame no . she be with I the whole night . DENISE look at mildre . mildre ( shake head , mouth ) it 's a long story . jerome come up , have finish the first billboard . DENISE eye he up , think he 's cute , it 's mutual , and they exchange a ' hi’. jerome hold up a part of the willoughby poster . jerome you sure you still wanna put up the willoughby one , he dead an’ all ? mildre why not ? he pay for it . ext . billboard road - dusk 108 some week later . a grey and windy evening . the poster all up beautifully , though the burn billboard look like they could crumble any second . int . bar - night 109 dixon slouched low in a booth , morose , bandage go , but he burn still visible . in a distant corner , jerome and DENISE chat quietly . a truck pull up outside . the crop - haire guy and a male pal enter , order a couple of beer from tony and sit in the booth behind dixon , not notice he . int . restaurant - night 110 mildre and jame at dinner at a nice restaurant , waiter pour wine . charlie and penelope enter and pass , charlie smile at the sight of mildre with a dwarf . mildre have a fleeting look of embarrassment , which jame register . jame who 's that ? 71 . mildre my ex-husband . and he nineteen year old girlfriend . jame you wanna leave ? mildre no , no . a deal 's a deal . mildre smile . jame only partly reciprocate . ull int . bar - night ull murmured conversation behind dixon as he peel the label off he beer . crop -haired guy ( 0.s. ) it be fuck wild , man , I think I be certifiably fuck insane for a while back there . pal ( 0.8 . ) when be this ? crop -haired guy ( 0.s. ) Bout nine , ten month ago . pal ( 0.8 . ) be you on you own or what ? dixon be barely listen , as DENISE be stare hatefully at he from across the bar . he ignore she , slug some beer , as the conversation behind he continue . crop -haired guy ( 0.s. ) no , have a coupla buddy with I . pal ( 0.8 . ) oh yeah ? crop-haired guy ( 0.8 . ) yeah . pal ( 0.8 . ) they fuck she too ? crop -haired guy ( 0.s. ) I think they get they kick just watch , you know . pal ( 0.8 . ) be she hot ? crop-haired guy ( 0.8 . ) after the gasoline kick in she be hot . 112 113 72 . dixon 's listen now . he get up and amble past they booth , to get a idea of who 's talk , but they clam up as they notice he pass . ext . bar - continuous 112 dixon continue on out of the bar , light a cigarette in tremble hand , take out a pen , and make a note of the truck's license plate . finishes the cigarette , go back inside . int . bar - continuous 113 dixon amble past they booth again , come in on ... crop -haired guy I be not go down for that shit , last fuck day down there ... guy shut up again as dixon sit back in he booth . crop -haired guy ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) he be there the whole time ? pal who ? crop -haired guy burnt-face - Jake . keeps fuck walk up and down . pal I do not know . I do not think so . guy go to the bar and turn to get a good look at dixon , who just stare at he beer . guy get two more beer and return to he own booth , stare at he the whole way . dixon get up , amble to the bar , glance at the guy as he go . crop -haired guy can I help you with something , man ? you have be look over here all fuck night , now , unless you get something to say to I , why do not you take you burnt fuck face and get the fuck outta here , okay ? pause . dixon go over and sit in beside pal , nudging he over , face the guy . crop -haired guy ( cont ’d ) what the fuck be you do ?! dixon wait , wait , wait , wait , wait ... 73. dixon hold he hand up , back and front , so the guy can see there 's nothing in they , and that he mean no harm . dixon ( cont 'd ) just trust I , okay ? dixon reach out with he empty right hand , slowly put it behind guy 's right ear , guy flinching slightly , exchange a glance with pal . dixon ( cont ’d ) just trust I ... crop -haired guy just do the fuck trick . dixon smile , then quickly and deeply rake he long fingernails down the guy 's cheek , leave a couple of deep bloody line there . guy and pal spring at dixon , pummelling he horrifically , reopening all he wound . dixon do not fight back at all , in fact he just clutches he fist to he chest to protect they . the two keep go and go , stamp on he sickeningly . jerome stand up ... jerome hey ! that 's enough now ! guy approach , menacingly ... crop -haired guy what 's it to ya , fucker ? jerome the guy 's a cop man ! he 's a cop ! crop -haired guy oh yeah ? he be not wear no badge . dixon ( through blood ) I lose my badge . I can not remember where I lose it . crop -haired guy you start this , man ! I do not do shit to you . dixon I know I start it . I scratch you up like a bitch . crop -haired guy that 's exactly fuck right ... 114 74 . guy kick dixon viciously in the head and exit with pal , leave dixon lie there . unmove . int . restaurant - night 114 mildre and jame finish they starter . jame gotta use the little boy 's room . jame go off to the toilet . charlie come over , leave penelope hang , sit in jame 's seat , smile . mildre you get something to say to I ? charlie if I would know , we coulda double - date . mildre do not shitgirl have a curfew weeknight ? charlie no , no , in fact I be actually gonna take she to the circus later , but there 's no need now . do he juggle ? mildre I be have one dinner with the guy cos he do I a favor , okay ? charlie you do not have to explain yourself to I cos you be have dinner with a midget , mild . mildre I be not explain myself to you . charlie you kinda be . across the room , penelope make a gesture about be leave alone , as jame come back , see charlie in he seat . charlie ( cont 'd ) listen , I do not come over to break you ball , you can date as many midget as you want . no , I come over to say I be sorry , actually . mildre sorry for what ? jame get back onto he chair as charlie get out of it . mildre just 75 . charlie I be sorry about what happen to you billboard an’ all . mildre yeah well , that 's all water under the bridge now , I guess . charlie good . I be glad . I be pretty drunk , but it still do not excuse it . stare at he . charlie ( cont 'd ) all this anger , man , penelope say to I the other day , it just beget great anger , y'know ? and it 's true . jame penelope say ' beget 's ? charlie yeah , ' it beget great anger '. ( to jame ) well , you take care of this little lady , okay sport ? Big lady , compare to you , right ? charlie return to he table . silence between jame and mildre a while . jame you alright ? mildre I think I would like to go home now . jame just stare at she . mildre ( cont 'd ) aw do not gimme any shit , James ? we can do this another time , alright ? jame why would I wanna do this another time ? you have be embarrassed to be here ever since we arrive . mildre oh for Christ 's sake , James . I do not force you to come on this date , alright ? you force I . jame forced you ? I ask you on a date . wow ! well , y'know , I know I be not much of a catch , okay ? ( more ) jame climb jame leave 76 . jame ( cont 'd ) I know I be a midget who sell use car and have a drink problem , I know that . but who the hell be you , man ? you be that billboard Lady who never ever smile , who never have a good word to say about anybody , and who , in the eveningtime , sets fucking FIRE to police station ! and I 'm the one who 's not a catch ?! down off he chair ... mildre James ... jame I do not have to come and hold you ladder ! in tear , leave mildre drain . she glance at charlie . he 's smirk at the scene . mildre pick up she wine glass , pick up she half - empty bottle , and , hold it low at she side , slowly walk over to he . he lose he smile . charlie now do not make a scene . she look the two of they over , bottle still in hand . mildre ( to penelope ) do you really tell he '' anger beget great anger '' ? penelope oh ! yes ! I do ! I do not make it up myself though . I can not claim that ! no , I read it on a bookmark . ( pause ) which be in a book I be read . ( pause ) about polio. ( pause ) polo . no , which be the one with the horse ? Polio ? polo . charlie polo . penelope polo ! mildre look at they a moment ... then place the bottle on the table for they to finish . mildre be nice to she , Charlie . you get that ? 118 118a 120 71 . charlie nod imperceptibly . mildre leave . int . dixon be house - night 118 dixon stagger in , blood -soak , past he horrify momma . momma Jason ! dixon just leave I , momma , do not look at I . momma ( cry ) Jason ! what have they do to you ? int . dixon 's house , bathroom - continuous 118a dixon get to the bathroom , slam door behind he , still clutching he right hand to he chest . he look at himself in the cabinet mirror a second , repulse by what he see . he open the cabinet mirror left-handed , rifle through shelf , find a unopen tweezer set , then find a small clean glass vial , a blank label on it . he sit on the bath and very slowly use the tweezers to scrape out all the crop - haire guy 's blood and skin trap underneath the fingernails of he right hand , and carefully place each amount inside the vial . once all five fingernails be do he cap the vial and , pen in shaky hand , write on its label ' h5t371 , idaho '. finish , he clutches it to he chest and sink to the floor , shaking violently , momma call out , bang on the door . momma ( 0.s. ) Jason ?! Jason ?! dixon I be gonna be alright , momma . it 's all gonna be alright . int . mildre 's house - day 120 mildre , glass of wine on couch , tv on but not really watch . knock at the door . she go to get it . look through the spyhole . spyhole Pov : convex dixon , new scar , bandage and a beanie . 78 . 121 ext . mildre 's garden - day 121 mildre sit on swing - set , dixon with beanie in hand , a repeat of willoughby and he hat from long ago . dixon I do not wanna get you hope up , alright , but there 's a guy , and I think he might be the guy . I get he DNA . I get a lot of it , actually . they be make the check as we speak . mildre he 's in jail ? dixon no , but he be not gonna be hard to find . mildre why do you think he 's the guy ? dixon I hear he talk about something that he do to a girl in the middle of last year . I could not hear all of it , but it sound a lot like what happen to Angela . then he beat the crap outta I . but cos of that I get a bunch of he DNA . so I want to let you know sooner rather than later . I do not want you to give up hope , y'know ? mildre I have be try not to . dixon well , all you can do be try , as my momma say . not so much about hope as about ... well , I do not use to be very good at English at school , so it be more '' all you can do be try ... to not be so crap at English . '' cos you need English , really , if you wanna be a cop . if you wanna be anything , really . ( pause ) unless you live in Mexico or something . but who want that ? he get up to go . mildre hey dixon ? ( pause ) thanks . he smile , and she watch he drive away , out past the billboard . she sit there a while , think . 79 . 126 int . police station , willoughby 's office - day 126 in the burnt - out office , dixon be sit down . abercrombie close the office door and sit across from he . abercrombie you do good , Jason . you do real good . but he be not the guy . dixon ( stunne ) what ? abercrombie there be no match to the DNA , no match to any other crime of this nature , to any crime at all , in fact . and he record be clean . maybe he be just brag . dixon he be not just brag . abercrombie well , that 's as may be . but at the time of Angela 's death he be not even in the country . dixon where be he ? abercrombie but I have see he record of entry and exit to the States , and I have speak to he command Officer . he be not in the country , dixon . he be not we guy . dixon he might not be we guy , but he still do something shitty . abercrombie not in Missouri he do not . dixon where be he ? abercrombie that 's classified information . dixon come on , man . 127 129 80 . abercrombie if the guy 's get a command Officer , and if the guy get back to the country nine month ago , and if the country where he be be classified , which country do you think he be in ? ( pause ) I will give you a clue . it be sandy . dixon that do not really narrow it down . abercrombie all you need to know be , he do not do nothing to Angela haye . so we be gonna keep look . alright ? pause . dixon take out he badge , show it to abercrombie . dixon I find my badge after all . dixon look at it a few second , then slide it across the table to abercrombie , and leave . int . dixon be house - night 127 momma asleep , open-mouthed , on couch , tv on . dixon watch she a while , then dial a number on the phone , which he then carry into he mom 's bedroom , sit on she bed . we now see that he have a shotgun in he hand . ext . billboard road - night 129 mildre trudging the dirt at the billboard , replace the dead pot plant . at the third billboard , she cellphone ring . mildre hello ? dixon ( 0.s. ) it 's dixon . mildre ( pause ) tell I . dixon ( 0.s. ) ( pause ) he be not the guy . mildre crumple down beside the burnt patch of ground . she cry a quiet while , let out a long , cold breath , then pick the phone back up . 81 . mildre I guess you be sure , right ? dixon ( 0.s. ) he , um , he be not even in the country when it happen . so , whatever he do , he do not do it round here . ( pause ) I be sorry I get you hope up . mildre it 's alright . at least I have a day of hope . which be more than I have have for awhile . I would better go . 129a int . dixon 's house , bedroom - continuous 129a dixon idly tap the shotgun against he lip . dixon um , there be one thing I be think . mildre ( 0.s. ) what 's that ? dixon well , ... I know he be not you rapist . he be a rapist , though . I be sure of that . 1298 int . billboard road - continuous 1298 mildre what be you say ? dixon ( 0.s. ) I get he license plate . I know where he life . mildre where 's he live ? dixon ( 0.s. ) live in Idaho . mildre that 's funny . I be drive to Idaho in the morning . dixon ( 0.s. ) want some company ? mildre ( pause ) sure . 130 131 131a 132 133 134 82. int . dixon 's house , bedroom - continuous 130 dixon put the phone back in its cradle . look at the gun in he arm . leave it on he bed . he look in on he sleep momma . ext . billboard road - dawn 131 the billboard as the sun begin to rise on the horizon . ext . mildre 's house - dawn 131a sunrise behind the empty swing - set . int . mildre 's house - dawn 132 mildre look in on robbie , sleep quietly , a draw of Angela he 's do pin on the wall above he pillow . ext . mildre 's house - dawn 133 mildre put a thermos , sandwich and dorito in the car . dixon place a shotgun wrap in a blanket inside too . mildre look at it lie there . they exchange a look , get in the car and drive . ext . billboard road - continuous the burn back of the billboard frame along the roadside , as the car head away towards the horizon . int . car drive billboard road - dawn 134 as the car roll along the road , they be both quiet , nervous . they drive in silence a while . mildre hey dixon ? dixon yeah ? mildre I need to tell you something . ( pause ) it be I who burn down the police station . dixon well , who the Hell else would it have be ? 83 . she smile . they drive on in silence . mildre dixon ? dixon yep ? mildre you sure about this ? dixon about kill this guy ? ( pause ) not really . you ? mildre ( pause ) not really . they continue on . mildre ( cont 'd ) I guess we can decide along the way . dixon nod . she smile . they drive on . end