Three Men and a baby written by coline serreau and jame orr and jame cruickshank November 1986 for educational purpose only 2 . three men and a baby fade in : 1 int . airplane - day 1 on a charter plane fly from Miami to Newark Airport . jack be the captain . his copilot paul be seat beside he . in the passenger cabin , a female gymnastics team be celebrate a hard - win , glorious victory over the Miami team . they be sing , dance in the aisle and drink champagne . in the rear of the cabin , there be three regular pass - enger : a teenager , he mother , and a man who appear to be a businessman . the plane be fly over the coastline . the partition between the cockpit and the passenger cabin be open . Jack be very excited . he can not stop turn around to look at the passenger . jack ( to Paul ) oh my God ! I can not believe my eye ! look at this woman ! will you look at the gorgeous calve on they ?! I be tell you , give I a athlete any day ... oh God ! look at that redhead over there , and look at that one ! Christ , I have not notice she . ( miming a heart attack ) Paul , I have just fall madly in love with the most beautiful woman in the world ... paul ( totally uninterested ) oh yeah ? which one ? jack ( as though about to keel over ) the blonde over there , she 's too gorgeous for word . just look at that eye , look at that shoulder and the way she move . I be in love . here , take over , I will be right back . 3. Jack get up and Paul take he place at the control . Jack make he way up the aisle , through the girl who be block the way , to the object of he affection . she be sit in one of the aisle seat and sing she head off . Jack lean over and whisper , quickly and intensely , to she . jack hello . I be the captain of this plane . May I ask you name ? girl sure , my name be Jane . why ? jack listen , Jane , I have see many beautiful woman in my life but I swear to you , I have never , ever meet a woman as exquisite as you be . Jack kneel down before she , and the girl look at he , amused . he take she hand and place it over he heart . jack Jane , can you feel my heart ? it 's pound . this be horrible , I think I be gonna faint . listen : I be madly in love with you , I be single and here 's my phone number . he hand she he business card . jack I be put my fate in you hand . if you do not call I , you will make I the most miserable man on earth . this be no line and I be not try to get you into bed . this be something completely different . I love you Jane and if you call I I will be the happiest man in the entire universe -- this be ' love at first sight . ' out of all this beautiful woman I notice only you , and ... the girl laugh as Jack go on . meanwhile , the busi - nessman who be seat in the rear of the plane have get up and walk over to Jack . businessman be you Paul ? jack no , I be not . ( to Jane ) 4. my name 's Jack and I live in a fabulous apartment in Manhattan overlook the park and ... businessman but you be the pilot , be not you ? jack yes , I be the pilot ... ( to Jane ) ... I be not even ask for you phone number ... businessman be not there a pilot whose name be Paul ? jack ( annoyed ) yeah , the copilot -- he 's up front ... the businessman disappear in the direction of the cockpit . jack ( back to Jane ) I be leave it all up to you , Jane , but if you do give I you phone number , then Jane , then ... the businessman have reach the cockpit . businessman ( in a low tone ) be you Paul ? paul ( turn around nervously ) yeah ... be you Jim ? businessman yeah . he hand Paul a man 's purse . businessman here 's you cash . paul what about the stuff ? businessman I do not have it . we have get problem . too much heat . too 5 . risky . we think the cop be on to we . paul whadda ya mean we ? you mean I ? businessman I mean shut up and listen . two guy will be wait for you in a black t- Bird , expect the dope . just ignore they . it will be deliver to you on Sunday and pick up the follow Thursday , okay ? paul but I will not be home , I will be in the air for two week . businessman that 's you problem . make arrangement , a deal 's a deal . get it !? paul get it . Jack return . jack ( burst with excitement ) I get she phone number ! she give I she phone number ! businessman that 's some magnificent view , be not it ? jack it 's wonderful -- life be wonderful ! the businessman go back to he seat and Jack grab hold of the microphone . jack this be you captain speak . in honor of you victory , in honor of you beauty , and in honor of Jane , the most beautiful gymnast I have ever meet . I be go to give you a little demonstration of aviation gymnastics -- reserve only for the most important guest , hip , hip ... everyone shout " hooray ! " except for Paul and the 6 . businessman , who remain grim . Jack dip the plane very low over the water and skim the cliff along the coast . it be a beautiful , impressive stunt . there be gleeful shout in the cabin among the passenger . 2 int . newark airport - passenger terminal - day 2 Jack be say a emotional goodbye to Jane as she leave with she teammate . Jane find it all very funny , but Jack look totally wretch see she go . Jack and Paul walk toward the exit . jack God , what a woman ! Paul be nervous , glance uneasily from car to car . jack wanna share a cab ? Paul yeah , sure ! a black Ford pull up in front of they and its driver look at Paul who immediately turn he back on he . jack she 's so beautiful ! I have never be so in love before . can you believe she give I she phone number ... oh , Christ -- where be it ?... oh , no , do not tell I I lose it ... it 's a matter of life and death ... oh here it be -- thank God ! all the while Jack have be rambling on , a beige car on the other side of the street have slowed down . Paul notice it . in the beige car , a narcotic agent , graton , be behind the wheel with one of he colleague sit beside he . graton they be slow down . take a picture . the colleague snap a picture of everyone who happen to be stand near the black Ford , include Jack and Paul . the black Ford pull out . the beige car follow it . Paul observe all this out of the corner of he eye . paul listen , I need a favor , I get 7. a little problem . jack yeah , sure ... hey , look , will you -- look at that sparkling beauty . a very beautiful woman be come down the walkway with cart overflow with luggage . one of they fall off . paul yeah ... I mean , it 's like ... there 's this little package ... jack she will never make it with all that luggage she 's get . I gotta give she a hand . look at the color in she hair ! Christ , I have never see a woman like she before ... he 's about to walk off when Paul grab he by the arm . paul Jack , listen , can I ... jack sure you can , no problem ... listen , I gotta go now , I be gonna see if she will share a cab with I . you take the shuttle , okay ? paul but I gotta explain to you about ... jack come over to my place tonight . we be have a huge party . come around 9 , okay ? see ya later . Jack race toward the woman and begin to help she with the fall luggage . we see he talk to she and we can hear a little of what he 's say . jack as exquisite as you be ... I think I be gonna faint . he kneel , take she hand and put it over he heart . the young woman be flabbergasted . a lonely - look Paul hail the shuttle bus . 8. 3 int . apartment - night 3 a large , stylishly decorate apartment in Manhattan . a tremendous live room . a party 's go on . very loud jazz be playing . the light be dim . there be about 30 guest . lot of young pretty woman . gourmet buffet . people be sit on couch talk , other be eat , drink or dance . in a dimly - light corner , Jack be kneel before a girl sit in a armchair . she be laugh as she listen to he . jack ( whisper passionately ) this be no line and I be not try to get you into bed . this be something completely different . this be ' love at first sight . ' oh , I be so happy ... let I go get you a glass of champagne . I will be right back . Jack get up and go over to the buffet . as soon as he 's out of the girl 's line of sight , he start run toward the other end of the apartment . on the way he pass michael , who 's deeply engross in a vehement conversation about modern art with a girl call sophia . they be fight like cat and dog but seem to be enjoy - ing it . sophia be you say that 's art , be you really say that 's art ? well then you explain why . michael it go back to prehistoric man . they have comic strip on they wall , for God 's sake . jack ( whisper in Michael 's ear ) I be have a hard time . I be work on two at once . michael ( very interested ) oh yeah , who ? jack the brunette in the armchair in the live room -- she name 's rosalie ... michael 9 . and the other one ? jack clementine -- she 's wait for I in the de . he move away towards the de . michael ( to Sophia ) wait one second for I , I will be right back . Michael walk off in the direction of rosalie . Paul be wander among the guest , try to find Jack , he see peter who be talk with another young woman , nicole . Peter be nodd , idly look around , com - pletely uninterested in the conversation . nicole you guy have a beautiful place here . but the rent must be a killer . Peter be not pay attention . nicole be not it a killer ? peter what ?... peter ( cont 'd ) oh , the rent ... yeah , it 's high but split between the three of we it be not that bad , as long as we do not eat . Nicole laugh . paul hi Peter , I be look for Jack , have you see he ? peter oh hi , Paul , how be you do ? yeah , sure , I will take you to Jack . ( to Nicole ) Excuse I for a minute . they move away . peter you be a lifesaver , I have be try to get away from that woman 10 . for 20 minute . that sonofabitch Carl be move in on my Natalie . gotta go ... bye . paul wait -- what about Jack ? peter ( in a hurry ) he 's around somewhere . check under all the couch . Paul walk off in Jack 's direction . we stay with Peter , who reach Natalie . she be talk with a very styl - ishly - dress , tall , young man , carl . peter oh Natalie , I have be look for you all night . carl all night ? I just see you deep in conversation with Nicole ! peter deep ? Hell no , we be just talk shop . natalie oh come on Peter , we all know what a lady ' man you be . peter who , I ? Jack 's the lady ' man , not I . you be the only lady I be after . carl ( interrupt ) so tell I , how 's you project come along ? I hear you be not ready yet . peter we have still get two week leave before the semi-finals . we will be ready . carl we have be ready for three day now . we be gonna kick you ass . natalie they project be really incredible . peter oh really ? you have see it ? 11 . natalie ( smile broadly at Carl ) no , it 's top secret but he 's be tell I about it ... peter ( in a bad mood ) our be incredible too . carl if you ever get it finish . Paul come up to Jack , who be kneel before clementine , whisper passionate sweet nothing in she ear . it appear he 's get beyond the " this be love at first sight " stage . he 's get down to the nitty - gritty now . clementine be thrilled . Paul tap Jack on the shoulder . paul Jack , can I talk to you for a second ? jack oh , hi , Paul , yeah sure ... jack ( cont 'd ) ( to clementine ) ... please darling , do not move ... I will be right back , okay ? I will bring we back some champagne ... he disappear with Paul . jack you be a lifesaver , Paul . I think I would never get away . rosalie 's wait for I in the live room . be not she terrific ? paul who? rosalie ? jack clementine . paul oh yeah , for sure , I dunno . listen , can you do I a favor ? with some difficulty , Paul follow Jack as he pick he way through the people dance , head in rosalie 's direction . 12 . jack yeah ... what kind of favor ? damn , I have get to get she a glass of champagne . paul listen , I have get a little problem . I be have a valuable package deliver to I on Sunday , but I be not go to be home . I have get to do the Hawaii-Tahiti-Australia route , so can I have the package deliver here instead ? jack ( fill a glass with champagne ) yeah , sure , of course . ( he stop , think ) no , wait , I be leave for South America tomorrow . I will be go for three week . jack ( cont 'd ) but it 's okay . Peter and Michael will be here . they will take care of it . paul will you be sure to tell they about it ? jack absolutely . do not worry about a thing . paul it will be deliver Sunday and pick up next Thursday , okay ? jack deliver Sunday pick up Thursday . get it . no problem . paul this be a very delicate matter , Jack . it 's very important they do not tell anybody about this package . it could be very ... uh , embarrassing for I , you know what I be say ? jack sure . you get it . I will see you later ... 13 . Jack be about to rejoin rosalie . Paul grab he arm . paul not to anyone at all . tell they that , okay ? jack okay , sure , not to anyone at all ... look , I be sorry Paul , but I gotta get back to rosalie . now go have a good time . I will take care of everything . paul bye and thanks a lot . jack do not mention it . Paul leave . Jack finally reach the armchair where rosalie be sit . he stop short , obviously disappointed . jack uh-oh . too late . Michael be sit next to rosalie , right next to she . they get up to dance . as he pass Jack , Michael smile broadly . michael all 's fair , old buddy ... Jack watch a moment , then break into a wide smile . jack ( sing ) oh my darling , oh my darling , oh my darling clementine . Jack whirl around and head back towards clementine . 4 int . apartment - few hour later - night 4 the guest be leave . commotion in the hall , people be say goodbye to Peter and Michael . Natalie be about to walk out . peter Natalie , why do not you stay for a nightcap ? natalie no , I have gotta get up early ... 14 . carl ( to Natalie ) do you care to share a cab ? natalie oh yes , thanks -- that 's really nice of you ... carl ( smile triumphantly ; to Peter ) good night , peter. peter ( with a force smile ) good night , Carl ... I will call you Sunday , Natalie . she have already leave . the door close on the last of the depart guest . michael so you strike out again with Natalie , huh ? that Carl be a real smooth operator . peter he 's a asshole ! ( mimick Carl ) ' I hear you be not ready yet . ' ' we be gonna kick you ass . ' well , we may be behind schedule , but we be still go to beat that sonofabitch and maybe I have not score with Natalie yet , but neither have he . she 's not a easy lay , that 's what I like about she . you know what they say : it be not over till it 's over . Peter and Michael go into the live room . Peter be pick up glass . Michael be empty ashtray into the wastebasket . michael well , I do not do so well either -- I blow it with rosalie . I do not even know how ... peter who 's rosalie ? michael that beauty I manage to swipe 15 . from Jack . I be about to ask she to stay the night when ... peter you old friend Sophia appear and get you involved in a thrill conversation about modern art , and meanwhile rosalie ... michael how could you know that ? peter Michael , all you want to do be steal Jack 's girl friend . you do not give a shit about the woman themselves ... michael that 's not true . it 's just that Sophia drive I crazy . she know all the right button to push to make I mad . peter ( go into the kitchen ) anyway , it be a great party , everyone have a good time ... michael ( still in the live room , shouting to Peter ) terrific ... time . he , too , leave the live room and run into Jack , who have he arm around clementine 's waist as he head toward he bedroom with she . 5 int . apartment - night 5 in the kitchen Peter be straighten up . Michael join he , dump the ash . Peter begin wash the glass . peter where 's Jack ? do he leave ? michael no , he 's cuddle up with a blonde name clementine ... peter that 's not clementine . I see he do he famous routine with Christie ... 16 . michael no , it be clementine , the one with the tit this big ... peter Christie 's get tit that big , too ... michael yeah , but he be with Christie at the beginning of the evening -- after that he be with rosalie and then with clementine . and since I steal rosalie away from he ... be you follow this ? peter I be not . Jack enter the kitchen in very high spirit , sing . jack Nice work if you can get it , and you can get it if you try ... any scotch leave ? peter yeah , here , I just put it away . jack sorry I can not give you guy a hand , but I have get something cooking . peter I think you be leave at dawn for South America ? jack I be , the night 's still young !... it 's gonna be a lively one . I be gonna make we a little snack . he make up a tray with sandwich . michael so , who be it anyway -- Christie or clementine ? jack maxine . beautiful , enchant maxine . Peter and Michael look at one another surprised , mouth silently , " maxine ? " 17 . jack hey , Michael -- how would it go with rosalie ? michael well , thing be go great until ... jack you old friend Sophia appear and drag you into a thrill conversation about modern art and in the meantime rosalie take off with someone else . michael how do you know ? jack I dunno -- lucky guess ... michael well , I do not give a damn anyway , I have 24 drawing to hand in to my editor three day from now and I gotta work all night anyway ... so it be all for the best . but you better not leave that maxine 's phone number lie around because when I be do ... jack do not worry , I will leave you she phone number on the hall table . if she 's really terrific I will put a big ' X ' next to it . ' bye , guy -- love ya . I will not wake you tomorrow morning . see you in three week ... 6 int . apartment - dawn 6 Jack and maxine noiselessly exit the apartment . Jack be wear he pilot 's uniform . maxine push the button for the elevator . Jack sneak back into the apartment and leave a note on the hall table that say : " maxine 227-2013 . " next to the number Jack have put a big " X . " 7 ext . STREET in front of apartment - dawn 7 Jack and maxine exchange a brief kiss and go they separate way . 8 ext . / int . newark airport - plane 8 18 . Jack be in the cockpit with he copilot , ron . the engine be revving . Jack be check gauge . he look out the window idly and see : the crew of another plane walk across the tarmac . Paul be one of the crew . Paul see Jack and begin to gesture wildly , but he voice be drown out by the noise of the engine . just see Paul be enough to remind Jack about he package . jack damn ! I forget to tell they about the package ! ( to ron ) I gotta make a quick phone call . I will be right back . ron ( knowingly ) Jack , there will be plenty of girl where we be go . jack oh , c'mon , I have really get to make a phone call ! what do you think I be go to do , pick up one of the New Jersey delegate to the i.b.m. convention ? Jack walk back towards the phone . as he walk we see that the plane be fill with ugly , boring businessman . 9 int . architecture office - day 9 in the architecture firm of which Peter be one of three partner . the whole staff , about 15 people in all , be gather around a large model , the project for a big amusement park . they all seem worried about something . jerry , one of Peter 's partner , seem particularly angry . jerry the model 's not finish , the blueprint be a mess and you may as well forget the specs , they be a disaster ! I know we be talented . I know we be good . then why be it we can never get organize ? why be it we be always behind schedule ? jay look , Jerry , architect since Leonardo have always be behind schedule . it 's a tradition , for 19 . God 's sake . why break with tradition ? jerry because this be the chance of a lifetime for we company , and there happen to be a deadline . there be million of dollar at stake here . and we main competition have they project in three day ago ! peter yeah , but word around town be they project 's a piece of shit ! jerry of course , it 's a piece of shit , but it 's a ready piece of shit . jay we be just go to have to buckle down , that 's all . jerry you be damn right we be . start now , everybody work around the clock ! everybody ! we have two week to be ready for the semi - final selection . and we will be ready . and we will win . you want to know why we will win ? jay because we be gonna cheat . peter I will go bribe the judge ! jerry I do not think this be a joke matter , gentleman . peter come on , Jerry ... a secretary enter . secretary there 's a urgent call for you , Peter . peter I be not in . 20 . secretary it 's Jack -- he say it 's ' super important ... ' Peter pick up the phone . peter hi ... yeah ... listen , make it quick , I be in a meeting here ... yeah , a package ... okay ... someone will drop it off Sunday and pick it up Thursday ... no problem ... yeah ... we will put it aside , okay ... no , no , we will not tell anybody about it ... be that it ?... right , we will not tell anyone ... hey -- love and ' kiss to the brazilian girl , vaya con dio , old buddy . Peter hang up , laugh . Jerry give he a dirty look . peter what ? 10 int . apartment - day 10 Peter , dress in casual clothes , knock on the door of Michael 's room , and peek in . Michael be asleep fully clothed on he bed . his draw table be strewn with papers , overflow ashtray and empty coffee cup . the lamp be still on . peter I be go out for bagel -- how many you want , three or four ? michael ( open one eye ) what time be it ? peter eleven - thirty . michael a.m. or p.m.? peter a.m. c'mon , up ' n ' at them . michael up and ' at them yourself , asshole -- I just go to bed . peter 21 . do you finish ? michael Nah , I do not get anywhere . peter well then ... nap time 's over . back to work . so how many bagel , three or four ? michael six , six ! he bury he head under the pillow . 11 int . apartment hallway - day 11 Peter open the front door , he stumble over a object , look down ; at he foot he see a wicker basket line with pretty pink - and - white check gingham . in the basket a tiny baby lie fast asleep , she head gently rest on a lace pillow . Peter look at this object in amazement . there be a envelope pin to the basket with the word , " for jack " write on it . Peter pick up the letter -- he open it and read . peter ( to himself ) you gotta be kid ! abruptly he turn and race back to Michael 's room . peter Michael ! Michael ! michael ( still groggy ) what ? peter get you ass out here and see what 's on the doorstep . ( mutter ) this have gotta be somebody 's idea of a joke ! they run to the front door . michael what be it ? peter look for yourself . michael it 's a basket with a baby in it . 22 . peter no shit. ( read Michael the letter ) ' dearest Jack , here be the fruit of we love . take good care of she . I have to go to Europe and Japan for six month , she name be Mary . good luck , Love , sylvia . ' michael what be we go to do with it ? peter give it back to she mother , that 's what . michael but it say she go to Europe . peter well , we will see about that , d' you have she phone number ? michael whose phone number ? sylvia the girl 's ... sylvia 's ... michael why the hell would I have she number ? I have never even hear of this chick ! peter you mean you do not know who she be ? michael no way . if I have to keep track of all Jack 's girlfriend , I would have to be a full - time secretary . peter well , what be we gonna do ? michael hey , look , she 's waking up ... hey , look , she 's cry ... peter oh no , this can not be happen ! she 's not gonna start to cry now ?! michael 23 . uh-oh , now she 's really cry ! peter what 's she problem ? michael maybe she 's hungry ? peter well , what be we s'pose to do ? michael feed she , I guess ... peter yeah , but what ? michael Soft stuff ... I guess . peter ( explode ) oh no , I swear to God this be unreal ! can you believe that bastard Jack ?! 'a little package , ' he tell I on the phone , ' just put it aside till Thursday . ' put it aside -- can you believe he !? michael really ? Jack say that ? peter yeah and he also say ' do not tell anyone about it -- anyone at all . ' michael oh , so he tell you about this ? peter yeah , he tell I a package would be come today , but he do not say it would be this ! michael ( very angrily ) Boy , he 's get a helluva nerve ! peter just listen to the racket she 's make ! what be we s'pose to do ? michael ( brilliant idea ) let 's call Jack 's mother ! 24 . peter she life in Miami for christsake . she can not stop the baby cry from Miami . michael well , just to ask she advice ... peter no , he say not to tell anyone ... michael but this be a emergency ! peter no ! no way ! you know what a pain that woman be -- she will be on the next plane here to move in with we ... michael maybe I should call my mother ... peter no , please -- leave the mother out of this , okay ?! it 's only four day . we should be able to handle that , besides you know the rule around here : it 's fine to have a woman over once in a while , but ... Michael finish the sentence in unison with he . peter and michael ... never for more than one night at a time ! peter and that include mother ! Peter step over the basket and head towards the elevator . michael where be you go ?! peter I be go to the store to buy some baby food . michael what be I suppose to do while you be go ? peter pick she up and hold she . 25 . michael ( panic-stricken ) whaddya mean , pick she up ? I have never hold a baby -- I will drop she ! Peter be already go . 12 int . safeway - day 12 Peter enter the store and rush right over to a store clerk . peter what aisle 's baby food on ? clerk down there by the meat section . Peter head for it purposefully . when he get to the right aisle , he stop short , take aback : a vast range of product extend before he . he start examine the baby food jar and can of formulas , go from one to the next , not know where to begin . 13 int . apartment - day 13 Michael be still in the hall hold Mary very clumsily in he arm . he be anxious . he realize she 's soak . this disgust he . he hold she at arm 's length ; she squirm . he go and get a towel from the bathroom , spread it out on the live room couch and lay the baby down on it . mary scream -- she much prefer Michael 's arm to the couch . a panicky Michael pick she up again , grumble . michael okay , okay , do not cry like that ... I will hold you , I will hold you . he try rather unsuccessfully to wrap the towel around the child . obviously Michael be very put off by the smell come from Mary . 14 int . safeway - day 14 Peter be talk with a safeway clerk , a woman in she 50' , who be tall and heavy , somewhat gruff and masculine in appearance , and wear slack and a smock . peter so what 's the best brand ? 26 . store clerk depend on what you pediatrician recommend . peter oh right , the pediatrician ... but which one sell the most ? store clerk ( point to a can ) this kind . peter oh , so this be the best kind ? store clerk it 's the cheapest . peter then it 's the worst kind ? store clerk they be all good , sir . peter ( point to another can ) oh , okay , then I can take this kind . store clerk it 's get iron in it . peter oh . be that good or bad ? store clerk it 's very good . peter well , why do not they all have iron in they ? store clerk some baby be allergic to iron . peter ( point to yet another can ) oh , okay , well I will take this kind then . store clerk that kind do not have any milk in it . 27 . peter oh , I see , there 's milk with no milk in it ? store clerk some baby be allergic to milk . peter so what 's the stuff that no baby be allergic to ? store clerk soy formula . peter oh , okay , I will take the soy formula . he take a can . store clerk that one 's Advance . peter oh really ? what 's Advance ? store clerk how old 's you baby ? peter ( Peter try to estimate Mary 's size ) uh ... about this old . 15 int . apartment - day 15 mary be scream in Michael 's arm as he walk she up and down the whole apartment . now there be three towel wrap around she . Michael be exasperate . he angrily sing she a lullaby . michael rock -a- bye baby on the tree top ... michael ( cont 'd ) stop cry now ; c'mon , stop ... quit it , will you ?... when the wind blow , the cradle will rock ... what be that jerk do ? milk the cow or something ?... when the bough break the cradle will fall ... mary only scream louder . 28 . 16 int . safeway - day 16 now Peter be surround by three woman argue : the store clerk stand with she arm cross and haughtily look down on everyone ; a efficient , practical sort of young woman ( woman # 1 ) ; and another thin , pale woman whose baby be lie in a baby carrier in she shopping cart and who seem very nervous ( woman # 2 ) . woman # 1 do she have any tooth yet or not ? that would give we a clue as to how old she be . peter I have not look . store clerk ( coolly disagree - ing ; to woman # 1 ) my grandson 's only five month old and he already have two tooth . but my daughter do not have a single one at seven month -- so , y'know , how many tooth they have ... do not mean a thing . woman # 2 but do not that friend of yours tell you what formula they usually give the baby ? peter ( embarrassed ) no , actually they have to leave unexpectedly . they have to catch a plane ... woman # 1 ( to Peter ) be she teethe ? peter teething ? woman # 1 do she drool ? do she cry all night long ? do she chew on she fist ? do she put everything into she mouth ? she act out she word . peter I know she can not talk . woman # 2 29 . but do not that friend of yours tell you how old she be ? peter ( as woman # 2 be start to get on he nerve ) I tell you they have to leave unexpectedly . woman # 1 or else you could weigh she ; that would tell you how old she be . store clerk see , my five- month - old grandson weigh more than my neighbor 's grandson and he 's nine month old . so , y'know , how much they weigh ... do not mean a thing . peter so what about I ? what should I buy ? woman # 2 do not they even tell you the pediatrician 's name ? peter ( still calm ) no . they do not . woman # 2 you sure have weird friend . peter you have no idea how weird . woman # 1 or else she hair . do she have lot of hair ? store clerk my grandson , y'know , he have so much hair you can make a ponytail with it ! and I know some kid who be totally bald at a year - and - a-half . so , y'know , how much hair they have ... do not mean a thing ... woman # 1 ( sarcastic ) gee , he 's really something , you grandson -- be he good at math too ? 30 . Peter start to pick can off the shelf . peter look , lady , thanks for all the advice . but I think I will just take one of each . to be on the safe side . stock clerk ( to Peter ) do not forget -- if the baby 's less than three month old , you have to be sure to sterilize the bottle . Peter stop and turn back . peter what bottle ? woman # 2 you know what ? this must be a kidnap . 17 int . apartment - day 17 Michael be rapidly pace up and down the apartment , vigorously rock Mary . as soon as he sit down anywhere to rest , mary scream , so Michael pop back up and begin the marathon all over again . michael Mary have a little lamb , little lamb , little lamb , if that jerk be not back in three second I swear I will throw she down the garbage chute ... Mary have a little lamb , little lamb ... the doorbell ring . michael well , it 's about goddamn time ! he hurry towards the door , grab the knob and throw it open . michael where the hell have you be ? he stop . before he stand the apartment manager , Mrs. razzolini , a squat little woman with a moustache . michael oh -- hi , Mrs. razzolini ! 31 . manager this package come for you ... oh ! what a cute little baby ! be it yours ? michael no , it 's not I , I mean she 's not mine ... manager oh , so it 's Peter 's ? michael no , no , it 's Jack 's , I mean it 's not Jack 's , it 's ... someone loan it to we , I mean someone ... manager and what 's the little girl 's name ? michael Mary . manager ooh , what a pwetty wittle name , Mary ! I do not know you have a baby ... michael yeah , well , I have to put she to bed now . manager you have to put she to bed ? where 's Mary 's mommy ? michael she 's ... she 's not here . she will be back soon . Michael start to close the door . she push it back open and hold out the package . manager oh here , this just come for you . they just drop it off . can I hold she for a second ? michael well , like , y'see ... she do not like to be hold by stranger ... the apartment manager have already give Michael the package and grab Mary . she cover she with kiss . Mary smile . Michael absent- mindedly look at the package . 32 . manager she love to be hold by stranger ! hey , she 's soaking wet hmm , no I think it 's number 2 . want I to give you a hand change she ? michael oh no , do not worry , I be use to it . ( fake a smile ) well , so long , Mrs. razzolini . manager ' bye , Mary , I will come back to visit . Mrs. razzolini regretfully hand the baby back . no sooner be mary back in Michael 's arm than she scream she head off . he close the door ; he smile instantly fade . michael what a leech ! and that other idiot be not back yet ! he throw the package onto a armchair in the hall . michael so you love to be hold by stranger , do you ? 18 int . safeway - day 18 in the baby food aisle there be now five woman argue . Peter , he arm still laden with can , look uncomfort - able . woman # 2 this guy do not even know how old he baby be and you do not find that strange ? woman # 1 this guy ask for advice , I be give he advice , okay ? if you be so paranoid , why do not you run home and chain you kid to he crib ? woman # 2 anyway , I think someone should call the cop . woman # 1 33. the cop , the cop -- I bet you call the cop every time you cat piss on the carpet . Peter slip away . 19 int . apartment - day 19 Peter come in with bag in he arm . Michael , hold the baby , dash toward he , extremely piss off . michael what the hell be you do ? you have be go for hour ! this damn kid 's be cry the whole time . I have get a lot better thing to do with my time ! you be a real pain in the ass ! peter ( flabbergasted ) hey , how dare you speak to I like that ! you have never speak to I like that before ... michael well , what the hell take you so long ? what would you do , go out for breakfast or something ? I do not even have time for a cup of coffee , for chrissake . peter will you please cut it out for a second , huh ? I do not have any coffee either , it take I forever at the goddamn safeway . michael okay , well , here -- take the kid , I have get work to do . peter whaddaya mean , take the kid ? I can not hold she and make she bottle at the same time . and why should I be the one to hold she ? michael ' Cause , it 's you problem . you find this kid . peter hey , asshole , I be the one who find 34 . she because I be the one who be gonna get you some bagel for you breakfast , and ... michael Jesus , there she go again ! we gotta feed she something . peter yeah , well you just do not feed a baby . first you gotta look and see if she have any tooth or not . michael why ? peter to figure out how old she be so we know what to feed she , that 's why . Peter attempt to look into Mary 's mouth but she squirm . michael do you look on top or bottom ? peter how do I know ? michael try feel with you finger . Peter slide he finger over Mary 's gum . peter I can not feel anything -- I will give she the stuff for newborn and hope she 's not allergic to it . Peter start off toward the kitchen , Michael follow . peter and then we will have to see if she 's allergic to iron , to soy or to milk -- you can not imagine how much stuff they can be allergic to ! michael she 's soaking wet -- do you buy any diaper ? peter diaper ? michael 35 . ( furious ) figure . I will take care of this , it will save time . he stick Mary in Peter 's arm , right on top of the bag , and storm out . 19a int . safeway - day 19a Michael rush in and stop short in front of the moun - tain of diaper box that he start examine in bewil - derment . finally , he approach the store clerk . michael Excuse I , miss , could you tell I which diaper be the most absorbent ? store clerk I would suggest the one that say ' ultra-absorbent . ' michael yeah , but which be better : 20 - 35 pound or 12 - 24 pound ? store clerk ( suspiciously ) depend how much you baby weigh . michael oh right , how much she weigh ... store clerk ( threateningly ) you would not happen to have a friend who come in here a little while ago , would you ? Michael grab just any box of diaper . michael I have no idea what you be talk about ! he 's no friend of mine . Michael take off very , very quickly . 20 int . kitchen - day 20 Mary , in Peter 's arm , be devour she bottle . peter oh shit , my slack ! goddamn she , she take a crap ! 36 . 21 int . apartment live room - day 21 Peter and Michael have laid Mary down on the couch , take care to place several towel between she bottom and the immaculate velvet . Mary be squirming , laugh , feel great . they have already go through half a box of cotton in they attempt to clean up the crap . but it 's still all over , on they hand , on the baby 's foot and leg , on the towel , etc . peter hold she . hold she , goddamn it ! michael I can not hold she . this kid 's out of control here ! peter just gimme the cotton . Michael let go of Mary 's foot and she stick they back in the crap . peter oh for chrissake , do not just let go of she ! michael then get the cotton yourself if you do not want I to let go of she ! Peter grab a huge wad of cotton . peter take the towel off -- they be full of shit . michael but the couch will get dirty ! peter yeah , but she keep get it all over herself . man , this shit be sticky !... we need clean fluid or something to get it off ... michael how ' bout after-shave ? peter be you kid ?! waste we Saint Laurent on babyshit ? michael okay , let 's just put the diaper 37 . on and the hell with it . peter right . Michael hand he a diaper . Peter try to figure out how it go on . peter this tape thing -- do they go on the front or the back ? michael how be I suppose to know ...? Peter try to slide the diaper under Mary 's backside but she squirm and kick it off with she foot . peter hold she under she arm -- I be gonna try it this way . Michael hold Mary under she armpit . Peter try to put the diaper on she . it 's hard . what 's more , it would seem that Michael do not buy the right size -- the diaper come all the way up to Mary 's chin . peter what the hell kind of lousy stinking diaper do you get ? they be way too big ! michael I do not think they be too big -- they be ultra-absorbent . that 's all . the more absorbent the better . Peter have more or less manage to adjust the diaper . peter how the hell do this tape thing work ? hold she for chrissake ! michael my arm be get tired . peter there . I get it . he tape the diaper close . peter damn it . I do not make it tight enough . 38 . he tape the other side : the diaper gape and sag . michael it 's not work ... what about lay she down ? peter go ahead ... no , not on the towel , they be all cover with crap ... Michael lay Mary down right on the couch . Peter vigor - ously undoe the tape , and the whole plastic lining rip apart . peter ... what the hell be this friggin ' mess ? oh , man , this be unbelievable ! to think , they bombard we day and night with they goddamn tv commercial ! and will you look at this junk ? this stuff be pure shit -- you tape it close , it sag , you undo the tape : bingo -- the whole goddamn thing fall apart ! michael ( take another diaper ) well , whaddya expect , if you pull on it like a ape , it 's gonna rip ! peter Michael , will you give I a break , will you please ? Peter take the tear diaper off . mary utter a tiny cry and pee copiously all over the velvet couch . peter ( explode ) oh shit ! now she 's pissing . look at the couch . the sneaky little bitch be just wait for I to get the diaper off , then whammo ... Mary give they a big smile . peter I happen to like my furniture . I be go out to get some real diaper . you can clean the couch up in the meantime . he exit , slamm the door . 22 int . live room - day 22 39 . Michael be clean the couch with Mary in he arm . 23 int . peter' room - day 23 Mary be wear only a diaper . Peter wrap she in one of he sweater . 24 int . kitchen - day 24 Michael be throw a heap of use cotton and dirty diaper into the garbage can . he 's rather disgust by they . 25 int . lving room - day 25 Peter be cut apart a plastic bag and lining the bottom of the basket with it as a protective sheet . 26 int . kitchen - day 26 Michael be wash out a bottle . 27 int . live room - day 27 Peter be rock the basket by its handle to put Mary to sleep . 28 int . bathroom - day 28 Michael be wash Mary 's clothes . 29 int . peter' room - day 29 peter ( on the phone ) I need to reach Jack Collins , he 's one of you pilot ... no , I do not know exactly where he be , but he be suppose to be fly the miami-caracas - Rio route ... the guy who propose to you ?... oh , do he ?... well , congratulation . please ... listen to I ... you must contact he and tell he he 's get to call home immediately . okay ? it 's a emergency , a family problem ... no , do not worry , he 's not marry to someone else . it 's another kind of family 40 . problem ... of course he still love you . but he 's be really busy lately . so anyway , please try to get in touch with he , it 's real important ... I can count on you then ?... good . thanks . Goodbye !... right , see you at the wedding . Peter hang up . 30 int . kitchen - day 30 Michael and Peter be finally drink a cup of coffee at the kitchen table . in silence . 31 int . live room - day 31 Peter and Michael be stand beside the basket . mary be scream ; they be bewilder . peter maybe she 's allergic to something ? michael or maybe she 's hungry again . peter already ? 32 int . kitchen - day 32 Peter be make the bottle , Michael be hold mary , who be crying . michael make it snappy , will ya , she 's famish . 33 int . kitchen - day 33 Mary be in Peter 's arm voraciously suck she bottle . he watch she . 34 int . kitchen - day 34 Michael be wash out the bottle . 35 int . live room - day 35 Peter be about to lay Mary down in she bed . he put he 41 . hand on she backside , then pick she up again . peter oh shit , she 's soaking wet again . 36 int . bathroom - day 36 Michael be rinsing out Peter 's sweater . 37 int . live room - day 37 on the couch , Peter be struggle with the diaper . 38 int . live room - day 38 Michael have set the basket on a serve cart . he push it back and forth until mary stop crying . 39 int . live room - day 39 Mary be sleep like a angel . 40 int . michael be room - dusk 40 Michael and Peter be in the doorway . a stormy argument be go on . michael oh no you be not , you be not gonna leave I alone with she . peter I tell you -- I have a date . michael you rotten bastard -- do you see I go out on any date ? peter look , it 's with Natalie -- I have be after she for month already . michael so what ! if you leave I alone with this kid , I swear I will pack up and be outta here by morning . peter you be a real drag , y'know ? tonight be gonna be my big night ! now I bet it 's gonna be Carl 's big night . 42 . he exit , violently slamm the door behind he . Michael sit back down , grumble . 44 int . peter' room - dusk 44 Peter be make a phone call . he have Mary in he arm . he 's in a foul mood . peter hello , Natalie ? it 's Peter . listen , I be really screw . Jerry just call and we have run into a snag with the blueprint for the competition , it 's a emergency . I have gotta go over to the office right away , I think it 's gonna be a all -nighter ... of course I do not know about this yesterday -- he just call I . Mary reach out and begin to jab the button on the phone . Peter pull she back . peter hello ? hello ?... no , I be not try to hang up on you . we be have some problem with the phone , that 's all ... no , Natalie , there 's no one else here ! you be the only woman I ... I swear I be not lie to you ... what ? you be go to call Carl ? ( furious ) okay , go ahead , call he if you want . I do not give a shit ... of course I be not jealous . what make you think I be jealous ? 45 int . kitchen - evening 45 Peter and Michael be silently eat sandwich at a corner of the kitchen table . Peter be fume . Michael glance at he out of the corner of he eye . 46 int . live room - night 46 Michael , completely zonk , be change Mary as best he can . Peter sit , wait , on the couch . 47 int . live room - night 47 Peter be rock the basket , as if in a trance . Michael 43. go back to sleep on the couch . 48 int . peter be room - day 48 Peter be talk on the phone . he have Mary in he arm . peter ( on the phone ) Jerry , hi , it 's Peter . listen , I have run into some problem , I can not make it today ... ( hold the receiver at arm 's length from he ear ) ... hey , take it easy , will you ... I be sick . seriously ill . I be burn up ... the doctor have to come , I have gotta stay in bed till Friday . ( shouting to drow out Jerry shouting ) hey , hey , hey , I will work round the clock all weekend long ... I swear , Jerry , I be not lie to you ... 49 int . apartment - day 49 Peter , wear a coat , enter carry package that he put down in the live room , now transformed into a nursery . a makeshift change table , rubber wash basin , baby clothes , baby lotion , talcum powder , soap and baby shampoo , etc . be all over the place . he drop all he purchase on the floor , sit down on the couch and pick up a book , in which he 's instantly absorb : we see from the cover that it 's a book on child . 50 int . peter be room - day 50 Peter be lie on he bed now surround by dozen of baby - care book . many of which be open . he 's read they with great passion , and make note . 51 int . michael be room - day 51 Michael be sit on the floor surround by he drawing . Mary be lie next to he . michael ( on the phone ) I be terribly sorry , Mr. oxman , but I have run into a few problem , I will not be able to bring you the drawing tomorrow morning as I 44 . promise . in fact , it will not be until the day after tomorrow at the soonest . Michael see Mary kick over a bottle of india ink over he drawing . he wince . michael ( into phone ) on second think , Mr. oxman ... uh , better make that the end of next week . ( shouting on the other end ) please do not get upset , Mr. oxman . I will do everything possible to get they to you sooner ... you have my word ... I apologize again , Mr. oxman ... thank you again , Mr. oxman . goodb ... ( a audible click ) ... Mr. oxman ? hello , Mr. oxman ? 52 int . live room - dusk 52 the live room be a total mess . a harrass Peter , lie on the floor , dreamily watch Mary who be lie on she tummy in a sheet , play with a squeaky rubber giraffe . they look at each other , as sober as judge . 53 int . live room - night 53 Peter and Michael be asleep in they bathrobe on the live room couch . Peter have a child care book over he face . mary , in she basket , wake up and utter a few little noise . the two man jump up and go over to she basket like robot . Mary look at they and smile . 54 int . kitchen - night 54 Michael be give she night feed . Mary be fall asleep in he arm ; the nipple fall out of she mouth , which go on suck anyway . Michael be fall asleep , too , he head lolling over to one side . 55 int . live room - day 55 the live room be back to normal , spic and ' span . they have get rid of all the baby paraphernalia . the 45 . basket be on one of the couch . Mary be asleep . on the basket be warm clothes for outdoors , a bonnet and a coat , a full bottle , can of formula , toilet article , and a pile of diaper . seat on the couch face each other , Peter and Michael be wait for something . michael he do not say what time ? peter all he say be Thursday . michael terrific ! -- we could rot here till eight o'clock tonight . peter well , I be prepare to rot here till midnight if I have to , as long as we get rid of she . michael Jack really could have call . he have to have get we message by now . peter well , when he do call , I be gonna let he have it ! that sonofabitch be on the beach of Brazil propose to the whole goddamn world . and we be here live in hell ! he 's gonna get he ass on the next plane back here . vacation 's over , Jack -baby , you better believe it . michael ( angrily ) damn right ! ( beat softer ) it 's almost time for she bottle , you know . peter oh hell ! 56 ext . STREET - day 56 on the street two man drive by on a motorcycle look at the number on the apartment building . they stop a few yard from the entrance to Peter , Michael and Jack 's building . 46 . they be be follow by the beige chevy that pull ahead of they and park just beyond they . in this car we recognize graton sit with a partner . the two man , who look like young tough guy ( punk ) , get off they motorcycle and disappear into the lobby of the building . graton get out of he car and head for the building . he glance into the lobby , then go in . he watch the elevator floor indicator , note the floor it stop on , then calmly return to he car . 57 int . live room - day 57 Peter and Michael be still sit on the live room couch . the doorbell ring . Michael spring up and run to open the door . Peter follow he . on the doorstep stand the two punk . one of they be short and speak with a heavy Brooklyn accent . the other , tall , thin and creepy -look , stand behind he buddy and do not speak . punk # 1 Jack Collins live here ? michael yes , he do . punk # 1 we come for the package . peter Package ? oh that 's cute , refer to she as a package ! anyway , you can tell sylvia she 's a lousy stinking bitch . punk # 1 sylvia ? peter yeah , sylvia ! you can tell she she 's get a hell of a nerve dump she problem into we lap ! punk # 1 ( nervously ) problem ? do you guy have trouble ? michael ( sarcastically ) 47 . he want to know if we have trouble ! peter do you have any idea what it 's be like around here for the past four day ? michael she could have at least give we a phone number or the name of someone to contact ... punk # 1 ( surprised ) I do not get it . do not they tell you we be gonna be here today ? michael sure they tell we ! so what ? that do not make the last four day any less hellish than they be ! peter well , anyway , they be here now , that 's all that matter ! Peter turn and walk toward the basket . peter the next bottle 's in 45 minute . I make it already . it 's in the basket . punk # 1 bottle ? whadda ya mean , bottle ? michael about a hour after she bottle , she start yawn . put she to bed right away or it 's pure hell for the next three hour , at least that 's what we have notice . Peter have return with the basket . the punk look at the baby , they eye wide with disbelief . punk # 1 what the hell be that ? a baby ? peter ( sarcastic ) no , it 's a very short teenager . of course it 's a baby ! now listen carefully : I be give you a can of the milk she 's be get . she love it , and more importantly , 48 . she 's not allergic to it . I even put a can of the same brand in here for you , but in powder form , understand ? punk # 1 hear " powder " and catch on . punk # 1 oh ! I get it ! powder milk ! very clever ! peter yeah , right ... real clever ... okay , here . she 's all yours . good luck . he hand they the basket . punk # 1 grab the handle . punk # 1 okay , I get it . you can take she out now . peter take what out ? I be not take anything out . punk # 1 wait a minute , I do not get it ! we take the basket and the milk , that 's all . we be not gonna take the ... what 's inside . peter whadda ya mean , what 's inside ? michael you take it all , man ! it 's a package deal ! punk # 1 but what be we s'pose to do with it ? michael how do I know ? you take it where they tell you to take it . punk # 1 y'mean , I take it to the connection ? michael yeah , whatever you want to call it . punk # 1 be you sure that 's the plan ? 49 . michael you bet that 's the plan ! we be not keep she one more second . punk # 1 okay , if that 's the plan ... he pass the basket to punk # 2 punk # 1 ... here , hold this . okay , so long ! they start to leave , press the elevator button . peter ( suddenly a little worried ) uh ... listen ... maybe you could leave we the address or the phone number just in case . so we can find out how she 's do ? the punk exchange a puzzle glance . punk # 1 oh , yeah , sure , the address . ( feebly search he pocket ) oh shit , I do not have it on I ... but I will call you . okay , so long ! peter &amp ; michael so long ! the elevator have arrive . the punk quickly slip inside it with the basket . Michael close the door . Peter plop down in the armchair by the front door . peter aah , relief at last ! good riddance ! michael you say it ! now maybe I can get some work do . he disappear in the direction of he room . Peter be sit on something hard . he pull it out from under he , it 's a package . he look at it , casually read : " Care of Jack Collins . " he toss it to the side . suddenly , it dawns on he . he leap up , grab the package and run into Michael 's room . 50 . 58 int . michael be room - day 58 peter ( hold the package ) what the hell be this ? michael well , a package , I guess . peter be this package deliver to you ? michael yeah , why ? Peter raise he voice , exasperate by Michael 's calm attitude . peter when the hell do this package arrive ? michael will you quit shouting ! peter ( scream even louder ) when do this fuck package fuck arrive , Michael ? michael I do not know ... oh yeah , Sunday -- Mrs. razzolini bring it up ... peter Holy shit ! michael what 's the matter ? peter this be the package that guy come for , not the baby , you asshole . michael hey , asshole yourself !... oh shit ! Peter nod and begin to bark order . peter look out the window and see if you see they , I be gonna try to 51 . catch up with they ... Michael run to the window . Peter run like a madman through the apartment out the front door . he press the button for the elevator . it 's in use . peter goddamit ! he open the door lead to the stair and race down they , hold on to the bannister . he fly , overwhelm by anxiety . suddenly he trip , lose he balance and make a spectacular crash landing . the package get a bit crush , and little individual packet of white powder spill out of it . Peter stare at they in horror . peter what the hell be this ? he pick up a few packet and examine they . peter oh , God , no ... dope ! that 's all we need ! he start to tremble with fear . he pick the packet up as fast as he can and hastily put they back into what 's leave of the package ; then shove it all into he pocket and continue racing down the stair . 59 ext . STREET - day 59 punk # 1 be attempt to strap the basket onto the motorcycle with a bungie cord . punk # 2 watch he coolly . punk # 2 we would be better off take the subway . punk # 1 you want to ride the subway with a hundred grand in uncut dope , go ahead . punk # 2 well we can not ride around carry this baby basket . we will get stop by the cop . punk # 1 so go ahead , take the subway and stop bother I . I be go to hook this onto the back seat . 52 . punk # 2 it will never hold , man . punk # 1 ( desperately go at the hook and the basket ) goddamn hook ! Christ , what a stupid idea hide the shit with this kid . it 's ridiculous ! Peter come rush out of the building . peter ( huffing and puffing ) oh , thank God , you be still here ! there 's be a terrible mistake . that be not the package you be s'pose to take . it be another one . I have it right here . punk # 1 what do you mean ? what other package ? peter I will take the basket back and give you the other package , here . no mistake . Peter take the package from he pocket and be about to grab the basket . punk # 1 push he back violently . punk # 1 you be not takin ' nothin ' back , man . peter but I be tellin you it be a mistake ... punk # 1 ( in a low but very aggressive tone ) you tryin ' to double - cross we or something ? beat it before I get piss , man . peter ( panic-stricken , in a equally low tone ) but I be tell you , I have get you package right here . there 's be a mistake ... 53. punk # 1 a mistake my ass ! now get outa here , man , or I be gonna stick this right in you gut . he discreetly reveal a switchblade knife he 's carry . punk # 1 ( to punk # 2 ) start the bike . punk # 2 be about to get on the motorcycle . Peter stop he . peter but I be tell you , I have get the real package in my pocket . punk # 2 ( to punk # 1 ) watch it , the cop ! Peter quickly put back the package in he pocket . a patrol car come up next to they , right beside the car in which graton be sit , take in every bit of the action . graton ( to he partner ) terrific ! I bet this moron screw up everything . one of the cop get out of he car and come over to the punk and Peter . Peter be scared stiff . punk # 1 ( whisper ) if you call the cop on we , pal , you be a dead man . cop # 1 all right , what 's that do on the back of the bike ? no one answer . cop # 1 you would not by any chance be intend to drive with a baby basket on you motorcycle , would you ? punk # 1 of course not , Officer . we would never do something like that . 54 . cop # 1 so why do you strap it on in the first place if you have no intention of drive with it ? punk # 2 so it would not fall off . cop # 1 very funny . as he speak , Peter undoe the bungie cord from around the basket and take it off the motorcycle . peter no , really , Officer , they be not gonna drive off with it -- they be just watch it for I while I be do a quick errand . ( to the punk ) thanks , guy . punk # 1 give he a dirty look . cop # 1 all right , let 's see some identification , everybody . the punk exchange a glance . suddenly punk # 1 shout : punk # 1 go ! they take off run in different direction . cop # 1 charge after punk # 1 and yell to he partner who 's still in the car : cop # 1 watch the guy with the basket ! cop # 2 leap out of the car , gun in hand . Peter stiffen with fear . cop # 2 freeze ! all right , asshole , let 's see some i.d. peter ( urbanely ) listen , Officer , let 's stay calm now . I have not the slight intention of run . I be not a criminal . I be a architect . cop # 2 ( calming down 55 . a little ) you i.d. , let 's see it . peter I be terribly sorry , Officer , but I do not have any identification on I . I just come down with my baby to run a quick errand . I have not commit any crime . cop # 2 all right , let 's go , in the car . I be take you down to the station . peter oh , c'mon , that 's impossible -- you see I have a baby . I have to give she a bottle in fifteen minute , I can not go anywhere . I live right in this building -- let I go up to my apartment and I will get you my license immediately ... you can even come with I if you like ... cop # 2 all right , lead the way . they disappear inside the building . Peter be carry the basket in he leave hand ; he right hand be clench on the horrible package hide in he pocket . just then cop # 1 come run back , empty-hand . graton get out of he car and come up to cop # 1 , show - ing he he badge . graton ( angry ) Inspector graton , narcotics . it just so happen I be tailing that two guy and now because of you clown I lose they , probably forever . thanks a lot ! cop # 1 how could we know ? graton forget it . listen , you partner go in here with the guy and the baby . he life up on the tenth floor . I can not go in because if he see I , my cover be blow . so could you please try not to lose this one , okay ? he 's someone who 's 56 . gotta be watch very closely . I have call for backup and it 's on its way . 60 int . apartment - day 60 the elevator door open , Peter and cop # 2 exit . peter ( key in hand ) this be it . please come in ... can I get you a cup of coffee or something ? cop # 2 no thanks . I will just wait out here . Peter enter the apartment and calmly cross through the house , carry the basket . as soon as he 's out of the cop 's sight , he start run like a madman down the corridor . he run into Michael who be just come to meet he . michael hey , what 's happen ? what be that cop do ... Peter shut he up , grab he roughly under the arm and lead he into he room , close the door behind they . Peter speak softly but he 's totally freaking out , he can hardly breathe . peter Michael ... Michael ... we be in deep trouble . the package ... the package ... michael yeah ? what ? peter there 's a cop on the doorstep ... he do not see you ... he must not see you ... we be in deep trouble , Michael ... michael tell I what ... peter the package they come for be not the baby , it be dope , drug , a shitload of dope ! we be stop by some cop down on the street . 57 . michael but do the cop see the dope ? peter no , it 's right here . he take out the package . michael shit! peter we will get twenty year if the cop find this on we ! climb down the fire escape and hide it ... anywhere ! Michael take the package , open the window and start to climb out it when Peter stop he . peter hey , whatever you do , do not lose the goddamn dope , we gotta be able to return it to that dealer or we be dead . that guy be serious . michael do not worry . he start down the fire escape , then stop and turn back . michael oh , by the way , I put some water up to boil for she bottle . Michael disappear . Peter pick up Mary , grab he wal - let and leave the room . when he get to the hall , he discover that cop # 1 have join cop # 2 , to whom he be whisper something . Peter hold he license out for they to see . peter here 's my license . cop # 1 I be afraid I be go to have to ask you to remain in the apartment . the narcotic squad will be arrive any moment now . they want to ask you a few question . peter narcotics squad ? what do they want with I ? I do not even use aspirin ! 58 . 61 int . supermarket - day 61 Michael be buy a pair of scissors , glue and a roll of scotch tape . then he busy a box of large diaper -- he choose the one that come in a box . Michael leave the supermarket , whistling . 62 ext . park - day 62 Michael be sit on a bench face the grass , with he back to we , he seem quite busy . as we close in , we discover that he have open the box of diaper and that he 's hold one of they ; its plastic have be carefully cut out with scissors . casually , glance right and leave , he take the individ - ual packet of white powder out of he pocket and shove they into a little plastic bag from the supermarket . then he carefully tape the bag so it 's well - seal and flatten out , and he insert it into the diaper , be - tween the plastic and the absorbent fabric . next , the diaper be tape up , fold back up and put back in the box , neatly pack between the other one . Michael close the box again and glue it together so it look as if it 's never be open . he throw all the other stuff away in a trash can and grab hold of he brand - new box of diaper . he walk away . 63 int . apartment - day 63 Michael come into the live room with he box of diaper and a bag of grocery . in addition to the two cop there be now three narcotic agent who be interrogate Peter . he be hold Mary . the basket be on a armchair . michael hello , officer ... what 's go on ? peter do not worry , Michael , it 's nothing serious , just a little misunderstanding . michael do you give she the 5:30 bottle ? peter yeah , I just give it to she . 59 . michael do you change she ? peter no , she 's soaking wet . michael okay , I will do it . Michael put down he bag of grocery , take Mary from Peter and disappear with the box of diaper . in he room , he lay Mary down on he bed and start undress she . 64 int . live room - day 64 agent # 1 and who 's he ? peter he 's my roommate . agent # 1 ( raise a eyebrow ) oh , I see , I see ... peter no , you do not see . there be three of we share this place . agent # 1 oh , three , huh ? a regular ' mirage a trois ' ! peter it 's ' menage '... and it 's not . we all have lot of girlfriend , thank you . agent # 1 uh-huh , so what 's you friend do ? peter he 's a cartoonist . agent # 1 what about the other guy ? peter he 's a pilot . agent # 1 ah-hah ... now that 's interesting ... ( to he colleague ) 60 . ... get I that photograph , the one take at Newark Airport . agent # 1 look in he attache case . agent # 1 so do this friend of yours ever fly to South America ? peter no. never . only North America . the phone ring . agent # 1 would you object if I answer it for you ? peter not at all , go right ahead . I have get nothing to hide . agent # 1 pick up the phone and listen . agent # 1 it 's a collect call from a Jack Collins in La paz , Bolivia . that would not happen to be you pilot friend , would it ? the one who never go to South America ? peter yes , it be he . agent # 1 hand he the phone . peter hello , yes , operator , I accept the charge . agent # 1 gesture to agent # 3 to take a look around the apartment . agent # 3 slip away . agent # 1 would you mind very much if I listen ? peter please , go right ahead . agent # 1 pick up the other telephone . peter hello , Jack ? Fine , yeah . how're you ? yeah , he 's fine , too . yeah , we leave a message for you , right ... no , it be nothing 61 . special , it be just , I mean ... to see how you be do and all ... no , no emergency . everything 's fine . peter ( cont 'd ) ( loud ) I say everything 's fine ! the what ?... I do not know what you be talk about ... oh yeah , the package ! yeah , yeah , it get here ... and be pick up , uh-huh . hey ! why do not you call sooner ? huh ? ' Cause what ?... oh , you be onto something hot -- well , be not you the lucky one !... so when be you get marry ?... forget it , I be just kid ... well , everything 's fine up here . so have a good time . see you in a couple of week . ' bye . Peter hang up . so do agent # 1 . agent # 1 now that 's interesting . so you wanna tell I about this package and the hot something - or-other you friend luck onto ... in La paz ... Bolivia ... South America ? Peter sit down , stunne . 65 int . michael be room - day 65 Mary be lie on Michael 's bed . he have just finish put a regular diaper on she . then Michael look for the tampere - with diaper in the box . he find it , check that it be well - seal , and place it under Mary 's bottom . just then agent # 3 appear in the doorway . Michael calmly finish put the dope-filled diaper on the baby on top of the other one . mary be cooing . every - thing appear normal . however , a train eye might be very surprised by the enormous thickness of the diaper cover the young lady 's backside . but a narcotic agent be not necessarily the most qualified person to notice something odd like this . agent # 3 silently observe Michael , who give he a big smile as he slip on Mary 's pajama bottom . Michael pick Mary up and for the first time talk to she in the kind of silly babytalk use by ador parent . 62 . michael okey -dokey , honeybunch , it 's time to go beddy - bye now ... we be gonna take a nice long nappy - wappy ... he go back to the live room , follow by agent # 3 . agent # 1 be in the process of show Peter a photograph . agent # 1 do you recognize anyone in this picture ? Peter look : it 's the photo of Jack and Paul that be take at the beginning of the movie . peter ( point ) sure . this be Jack Collins . agent # 1 oh yeah ? now that 's interesting . Michael have laid Mary down for a nap in she basket , observe by the five cop . he now sit down , cheerful and bubbling over with enthusiasm . michael so ! can I get you something to drink ? agent # 1 totally ignore he . agent # 1 so , who 's the baby belong to ? peter it 's Jack 's daughter . agent # 1 and why be you two take care of she ? peter because she mother 's in Europe for six month , and since Jack have to be away for two week , I take my vacation to take care of she , I love kid . michael yeah , Peter and I just love kid ! agent # 1 now that 's interesting . well , we will be see each other again soon , in fact very soon . in the 63. meantime , I would appreciate it if you do not leave New York in the next few day . all the cop head for the door . Michael accompany they , put on a very urbane act . michael come back anytime , gentleman . you be always welcome here . we have no particular plan to leave New York in the near future , so do not worry about we now . ' bye now . once the cop be go , Michael race back to the live room . Peter have collapse into he armchair . peter ( in a low tone ) Christ , what a mess ! they will be on we tail around the clock ! how the hell be we gonna get rid of the goddamn dope ?! by the way , where be it ? michael ( also speak in a low tone ) it 's cool , do not worry , I get it stashed . peter where ? Michael point to Mary 's bottom . peter huh ? michael this way it 's close at hand ! peter be you out of you mind ?? michael relax , will you . michael ( cont 'd ) I diaper the dope on she right in front of the cop and he never notice a thing ! peter I tell the cop we be take care of she . you realize we be now stick with the kid till Jack 64 . come back . there be not nobody come to pick she up , and I have to go back to the office today ! michael wait a minute . you be not gonna stick I with this kid ! tell they you need a maternity leave , tell they anything , but we have get to go 50 - 50 on this ! peter and that 's not all -- we have not hear from the punk yet either ! 66 ext . STREET - day 66 Hidden within a park car , three man be keep a close watch on the entrance to Peter , Michael and Jack 's build - ing . the two uniform cop emerge , get in they car , and pull away . 67 int . apartment - day 67 peter ( on the phone ; thing be heating up ) that 's right , you hear right : I be not come in to work for two week ... no , I can not explain why ... ( in a louder tone ) ... because I can not , that 's all !... no , this have nothing to do with chase ass ! Jerry ... Jerry ! will you stop scream for a minute and listen ? I be in trouble , you understand ? deep trouble ... I know ... I know ... peter ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) ... goddammit , Jerry , of course win the competition be important to I ! the firm 's my whole life if you must know . no , no , please -- do not send anyone over here ... do not you come either . no , Jerry ... okay , listen , I will be there in a half -hour , but I can not stay long . no ! do not come here ! I will be right over . he hang up . Michael enter the room , with he coat on . michael 65 . I gotta go over to Mr. oxman 's -- he just call and he 's freaking out . he say if I do not bring some cartoon over now , the deal 's off . peter you be go now ? michael yeah , but do not worry about it , I will be back before it 's time for she next bottle . she 's asleep now . peter terrific , just terrific ! Jerry just call : I have to go to the office right now . michael well , call he back . tell he you will come later . peter there 's no way . I can not , he 's suicidal . why do not you call oxman and tell he you will be there in a few hour . michael you be crazy . oxman be leave in a hour . if I do not meet he before then , I blow my 15,000 dollar contract . peter oh shit , I can not take this anymore ! michael look , maybe we could pawn she off on Mrs. razzolini , just for a couple of hour -- she 's crazy about she ! peter good idea ! let 's go . 68 int . build - dusk 68 Peter and Michael get out of the elevator on Mrs. razzolini 's floor . they each be hold one of the handle on the basket . they be walk quickly . suddenly Michael stop Peter . 66 . michael wait -- I hear someone ... I will go see ... Peter wait with the basket . Michael tiptoe to the corner of the corridor . at the very end of the corridor , on Mrs. razzolini 's doorstep , he see the three narcotic Agents talk with Mrs. razzolini . we can hear snippet of they conversation . razzolini yes , I bring a package up to they ... I think it be last Sunday ... agent # 1 what be this people like ? what kind of lifestyle do they have ? Michael hastily return to Peter , still on tiptoe . he lead he back to the elevator and push the elevator button . michael ( whisper ) just as I think -- the goddamn cop be grill Mrs. razzolini . peter oh shit ! we sure as hell can not hand she the baby with a ass full of dope ... right in front of the narc ! the elevator have arrive meanwhile . peter ( break down ) what should we do ? I really gotta go ... michael listen , she 's just have she bottle . she 's sleep like a log . let 's just leave she in the apartment . what can possibly happen to she ? she 's as regular as clockwork . she will not wake up till 8:30 and we will easily be back by then ... peter yeah , you be right , we will not be long . they rush into the elevator . 67 . 69 ext . STREET - dusk 69 the three man , slump in they car , be watch the door of the apartment building . the three narcotic Agents emerge from the building and walk away . a short time go by . Peter and Michael emerge from the building and quickly walk away . the three man get out of they car , cross the street and enter the building . 70 int . apartment - night 70 Peter come out of the elevator , key in hand . he 's about to put it in the lock on the door , but stop short -- the door be already open . peter Michael ? Michael , be you here ? no answer . Peter push the door open . the sight that greet he eye be very dismay . it look like a tornado have hit the house . everything 's on the floor , it 's all be smashed , it 's all be rip apart . go be the beauti - ful apartment that have be so lovingly decorate . in its place , utter devastation and shamble . Peter stand there speechless for a moment , then a awful think cross he mind . he run like crazy into he room -- the basket 's not there . stepping over the debris and all the thing strewn over the floor , he rush into the live room , then into Michael 's room . the basket 's nowhere to be see . Peter fall apart ; without even realize it , he 's moan - ing and mutter distractedly . he run into Jack 's room , into the kitchen , into the bathroom . the basket be nowhere to be see . Peter run all over , back and forth ten time in all the room . tear be flow from he eye . suddenly , he hear faint cry . they be come from the back bathroom . Peter rush to it , practically rip the door from its hinge . there on the toilet be the basket , and on it there 's a note write in big messy printing which say : " next time we take her . " Mary look at Peter and smile ; she seem in great shape . a distraught Peter pick she up , hug she tightly and kiss she all over as he take she into he room . just then , Michael appear in the corridor , silent and 68 . overwhelm . he come to the door to Peter 's room and look at he . Peter , mortify to have be catch kissing Mary , hastily distance himself from she , hold - ing she at arm 's length . he put she down on he bed and exit the room . 71 int . kitchen - night 71 the debris have be shove up against the wall . Peter and Michael , in they pajamas and dead tired , be slump over the table . Peter be give Mary she bottle . Michael be look at Mary as though he be see she for the first time . 72 int . peter be room - night 72 Peter be in bed , completely out of it . Michael be change Mary very carefully . he put one diaper on she , then the second one , full of dope . he lay Mary down in she basket , then place the basket on the bed , nestle between the wall and Peter 's body . Michael , hold the soile diaper , silently go out . once he 's alone , Peter lean over the basket . Mary and he stare at each other intently and seriously . Peter switch off the light . 73 int . apartment - dawn 73 the doorbell ring . Michael , asleep on he mattress on the floor in the middle of he wreck bedroom , emerge from sleep and glance at he clock : it 's 6:10 am . he stagger to the front door and open it . the door be be hold together with a string . Agents # 1 , # 2 , and # 3 be at the door , with four other cop back they up . Mrs. razzolini be stand behind they and stare , wide - eye , a look of horror on she face . michael Morning , officer . can I help you ? agent # 1 ( hold out a piece of paper to he ) search warrant . michael 69 . ( play the gentleman , wave away the paper ) I believe you , officer . go ahead , we have nothing to hide . hello , Mrs. razzolini ! Mrs. razzolini turn she back on he and hurry away . the cop enter the apartment . michael you will have to excuse the mess ... we have a few friend over last night ... agent # 1 ( look at the devastation ) oh , really ? well , if I be you I would get myself some new friend ! Peter come in , in he bathrobe , furious . peter what the hell be you guy look for , anyway ? agent # 1 probably the same thing you friend be look for last night ! do not Mrs. razzolini bring you a package last Sunday ? peter you mean the chocolate Easter bunny ? we eat they already . he start to walk away . peter anyway , you have no idea how many package we have be get lately . it 's hard to keep track of they . agent # 1 maybe we can help . ( to he colleague ) let 's get to work ! all the cop enter the apartment . 74 int . peter be room - day 74 Peter be in bed , with the basket beside he . a narcotic agent be rummage through he scattered belonging . agent would you mind if I look in you 70 . bed ? peter ( big smile ) my pleasure . try not to make a mess . Peter get up , take the basket off the bed and keep it in he hand . the agent search the bed . agent I will look in the basket , if you do not mind ... peter be my guest . he pick up Mary with she huge diaper . the agent search the whole basket . agent thank you very much , sorry about this ... he go out . Peter , undaunted , pat Mary 's big behind . 75 int . apartment - day 75 the cop be leave . agent # 1 well , there 's obviously be a mistake . as far as you be concerned this investigation be close . we apologize again . michael ( big smile ) oh , do not mention it ! it be a pleasure have you here ! I hope you will find what you be look for very soon ! agent # 1 ( look straight at he ) so do we . Michael close the door and race into the live room where he discover Peter put on he jacket . michael ( softly ) do you hear that ? he say there would be a mistake and they be not go to bother we anymore . 71 . peter bullshit , it 's a trick . michael you think so ? really ? peter they just say that to put we off guard . they see the condition this apartment 's in . peter ( cont 'd ) they know the punk be here look for the dope and that they probably do not find it . so that mean we have still get it . michael but he say the investigation be close . peter okay , let 's just see how close it be . I will go downstairs . you watch out the window and see if I be be tail . 76 ext . STREET - day 76 Michael be peek out at the street from the window above . Peter come out of the building and turn leave , walk very quickly . suddenly , Peter stop , turn around and retrace he step . we can clearly see a man , who be walk about six yard behind Peter on the opposite side of the street , also turn around and retrace he step . it be graton . 77 int . apartment - day 77 peter ( enter ) so ? be I right ? michael there 's one guy for sure ! a redhead , kind of young , disguise sort of like a college student . peter I know it . they be go to be watch we around the clock . 72 . how be we go to get the dope back to the punk ? michael I have the feel they will come to we . peter we will have to be very careful . 78 ext . STREET - nightfall 78 Michael be walk on the street carry two bag of grocery . suddenly , a guy walk up to he and elbow he sharply . punk hi! doin ' a little shopping , huh ? how 's you place -- not too much damage , I hope . michael what do you guy want ? punk we want the dope . tomorrow . michael and we want to give it to you . but the cop be tailing we nonstop . matter of fact , there 's one right behind we now ... punk that 's you problem , man . figure out a way to shake them . either we safely get the dope tomorrow , or you , you friend and the kid will get this . ( he quickly stab the grocery bag three time ) we will call you tonight . he run off , disappear into the darkness . from the slit-open grocery bag milk flow out onto the sidewalk . Michael be shaking all over . stand about twenty yard away , graton have not miss a thing . 79 int . cop car - night 79 not far from Peter , Michael and Jack 's building , graton , in he car , be talk into the microphone of he police radio . 73. graton ... my snitch tell I the gang have not get the dope back yet , but they will soon . they make contact with the two guy tonight ... no , no , they do not know I be tailing they . this jerk be go to fall right into my hand ... 80 int . apartment - night 80 Peter and Michael be seat in the live room , which be still a utter wreck . they can not take they eye off the phone that 's between the two of they . they be sit silently , not move . Mary be play in she basket . the phone ring . Peter and Michael both jump three foot in the air . Michael pick up the phone . michael hello ? who ? goddamn it , where be you ?... ( to Peter ) ... it 's Jack . he just land in Newark . he come back early . peter gimme that . ( he grab the receiver out of Michael 's hand ) Jack ? what the hell be you do ? ( listen to a long explanation ) yeah ... yeah ... oh yeah ? well , listen very carefully , Jack . that wonderful , fantastic babe you bring back from Bolivia ? the one you be gonna marry tomorrow ? well , you be not go to bring she here !... you be go to say ' goodbye ' to she very nicely and put she in a cab back to Bolivia ... why ? because there 's another wonderful , fantastic babe wait for you right here at home ... who be she ? oh , that 's a surprise ! you will see when you get here . but believe I , she 's 74 . out of this world . you be go to be up all night with this babe . she 's crazy about you . michael ( in a low tone ) make it quick , the punk may be try to call ... peter so hurry home , Jack , this little doll can not wait to see you . ' bye . he hang up . peter ( in a furious temper ) that goddamn mother fuckin ' jerk of a asshole ! I swear when he come through the door I will kill he ! I will ... the phone interrupt . Michael leap up and answer it . michael hello ? listen , tomorrow , Central Park at the fountain near the merry - go-round , five o'clock . be there , but ... they have hang up on the other end . Michael hang up and sit down , drain . michael ... that be it . peter ( equally drain ) all we can do now be hope we plan work . michael you think the cop have we phone bugge ? peter I do not think that 's legal , be it ? 80a ext . STREET - night 80a graton be speak into the microphone of he radio . next to he sit a cop with phone - tapping equipment . graton ( very excited ) we get them , Chief . five o'clock 75 . tomorrow at the fountain near the merry - go-round ! I will arrange for back - up ... hold it , someone 's go into they building ... we see Jack get out of a taxi with he luggage and go into the building . 81 int . apartment - night 81 Jack emerge from the elevator happy as a lark and feel frisky . jack ( open the door ) yoo-hoo , guy ! I be home ! I have get present for you ... so where 's that wonderful fantastic babe ... he enter and see the state the apartment be in . jack ... what the hell happen here ? he walk into the apartment , shocked and overwhelm . jack Peter ! Michael ! be you here ? he go into the live room -- no one 'sthere . into Michael 's room . no one 's there . he go into he own room , where the destruction be even moreshock than elsewhere since nothing have be touchedin there . jack oh , my God ! my beautiful room ! my beautiful , beautiful room ! ( very angry ) Michael !... Peter -- where the hell be you , for chrissake ? he run like a madman into Peter 's room and stop short on the threshold . Michael and Peter be each hold a handle of the basket as they rock it gently . jack ( furious ) what the hell be go on around here ? what happen to this place ? what happen to my room ? Peter and Michael look he right in the eye , still rock the basket . jack and anyway , what the hell be you 76 . swinging that thing for ? ( silence ) answer I for God 's sake ! ( look in ) oh my God , there 's a kid in there ! have you have go bananas !? there 's a goddamn kid in there ! ( silence ) jack oh , I get it . the ' silent ' treatment ! okay , if you will not talk to I , you can talk to my lawyer ! this be grounds for divorce ! you be in big trouble , the both of you . he leave . a second later , he come back . jack I pay to have this place decorate , too , you know . I be not go to let you get away with this . he leave ; a second later , he come back . jack it 's too late to try and talk I out of it . I be history . I be go . I be outa here . he leave . a second later , he come back . jack I be give you one more chance to ... peter ( very calmly ) would it be ask too much of you to shut you big mouth for a few second ? there be a child here who 's try to sleep . jack and that 's another thing ! I will not have a baby in this house ! Babies be not part of we agreement ! peter ( softly ) Michael , please hold I back ... or I will kill he . Michael take the basket handle from Peter 's hand , place the basket carefully on the bed , and walk without a word towards Jack , who he take by the arm and steer into the live room . Peter softly shut the door behind they and follow . 77 . 82 int . live room - night 82 Michael sit Jack down in a armchair . he speak with force calm . michael all right , Jack . why do not we start at the very beginning . the very day you leave for you vacation ... jack hey , will you please stop talk like Mr. Rogers ? it 's get on my nerve . peter ( he fuse have blow , laugh hysterically ) his nerve ! ha. ha. ha. his nerve ! Michael , he nerve ! you wanna talk about nerve ! then just shut up and listen . it so happen we do not want a kid here either , but when someone dump one on we , we take goddamn care of it . michael yeah , we take goddam care of it . peter we have not have a decent night 's sleep in two week . Michael 's probably go to lose a $ 15,000 contract ... michael Peter could not leave . Jerry almost jump out the window . it 's lucky they even make it to the final ! jack what ? peter first , we have get the narc on we ass , then there 's the drug gang threaten to carve we up . then bottle ... bottle ... every three hour , bottle . michael and diaper . have you ever try to do diaper ? 78 . peter ' La paz , Bolivia ... ' he call from ... ' I be onto something hot . ' he say . ' do the package get there ? ' he say . you asshole ! michael and the day they wreck the apartment , Peter come home and could not find Mary . I have never see he in tear like that bef ... peter ( cut he off ; embarrassed ) never mind about that . look , Jack , you get we into this mess , and you be go to help we get out of it . jack what be you guy talk about ? what narc ? what gang ? and who 's that fuck baby ? peter for you information , the ' fuck ' baby 's name be Mary . and if I be you , I would watch what I say about she ... because she just so happen to be you daughter ! jack what ?? michael and it just so happen , we have get a lot better thing to do with we life than wipe a baby 's ass , even if she 's yours ! Peter and Michael exit , slamm the door . 83 int . bathroom - day 83 Peter be slick he hair back with brylcream . Jack be sit on the edge of the bathtub , with he arm cross . he observe Peter silently . 84 int . apartment - michael be room - day 84 Mary be lie on the bed and Michael be put the dope - fill diaper on she . 79 . 85 int . bathroom - day 85 Peter be give a tousle - look punk hairstyle to Jack , who be look at himself in the mirror . jack it 's ridiculous . I look ridiculous . peter you look completely ridiculous -- so what ? 86 int . live room - day 86 mary , wear a bonnet and coat , be lie on one of the couch , chirping merrily . next to she , also in he coat , Michael be just finish wrapping a brown package which he put in a plastic bag , along with a book , a baby rattle , and a clean diaper . Peter and Jack , disguise as punk , each with punk hairstyle and wear black sunglass , be climb out the window lead to the fire escape . 87 ext . STREET - day 87 Michael exit the building . Mary , wrap in a little woolen blanket , be in he arm . Michael be also carry - ing he plastic bag . graton , in he car , be speak into the radio mike . graton okay , he 's come out alone . I will follow he . someone else stay here to keep a eye on the other guy . 88 ext . central park - day 88 Michael be lie on the grass near the fountain with Mary on she blanket near he . graton be nearby , also lie casually on the grass , watch they out of the corner of he eye . Michael glance at he watch , then at the passersby . the punk from the day before walk by with he arm around a girl . he stroll by casually . he spot Michael and they eye meet . the couple sit down on a bench a few yard away and they begin " make out . " 80 . Michael lean over Mary , coochie- coo she and surrepti - tiously take off she diaper , which he put down beside he . he put the clean diaper on she . graton , nervous and wary , watch Michael and the passersby . just then , two punk ( Peter and Jack ) come run up to Michael . he ostensibly take the brown package out of he plastic bag and give it to they . the two punk immediately take off with the package . graton leap up , shout " let 's get them " and take off after the punk , follow by about 10 other plainclothes detective , who would be hide all around . Michael quickly get up , pick Mary up and discreetly deposit the dope-filled diaper in a trash can , give the punk on the bench a intent look . then he go off in the direction of the cop . the punk calmly go over to the trash can , take out the diaper , which he stuff into he girl friend 's purse , and go off in the opposite direction . the cop have meanwhile arrest Peter and Jack , who put up no resistance whatsoever . Michael now join they . michael what 's go on ? graton Inspector graton , narcotics . do you admit you give this man this package ? michael sure . I give it to they , just a moment ago . graton ( to one of the cop ) Officer , will you please open this package in front of this witness ? the cop open the package : it 's a box of chocolate Easter bunny . graton be mortify . he crush all the bunny -- there 's absolutely nothing but chocolate inside they . michael be it against the law to give a box of candy to my friend ? Peter and Jack take off they glass . graton oh , it 's you guy ! 81 . peter what 's the problem ? graton you guy must think you be pretty smart , do not ya ? ( suddenly freeze ) Holy shit ! the diaper ! graton start run like crazy back to the fountain . he rummages like a sick dog all around the spot where Michael have be lie . suddenly he dash toward the trash can and dump out its content , throw the garbage around like a lunatic . graton the goddam diaper ! what a jerk , what a goddam schmuck I be ! Peter , Michael , Jack and the 10 plainclothes detective watch graton go bananas . michael ( to the cop ) I think that guy need a vacation . jack he should try South America . peter yeah , I hear it 's nice there this time of year . 89 int . graton' boss's office - day 89 the Chief be stand behind he desk , red -face with anger , and graton sheepishly face he . chief let 's face it ... graton ... you have get shit for brain . graton I be sure the dope be in the diaper . can I go on tailing they ? chief forget it . I have solid information you three suspect never have anything to do with the dealer or the dope . graton I be sure the dope be in the diaper . chief 82. case close . graton I be sure the dope be in the diaper . chief ( scream ) do you hear I , graton ? case close . graton I be sure the d ... CUT to : 90 int . apartment live room - evening 90 in the devastate live room Peter , still disguise as a punk , and Michael , both very high , be dance around in circle with each other and laugh . they be sing a lullaby at the top of they lung , and har - monize . Peter be hold Mary close , and Michael , hold a near-empty bottle of liquor , stagger over to he and start turn around in circle with he . mary , snuggle up warmly between Peter and Michael , be laughing she head off . in the b.g. , in the hall , Jack , also still in he punk getup , be on the phone . he 's get a glass in he hand and be a little smashed . jack Paul , hi , it 's Jack ! hey , listen , I bring you back a little present from South America . can I see you right away so I can give it to you ? ... yeah , the sooner the better ! I can not wait to let you have it . how about 67th and East River ? 91 ext . east river - evening 91 a broadly smile Jack arrive at the riverside . Paul be sit on a bench . when he see Jack , he get up and come to greet he , smile and extend he hand . without warning , Jack suddenly jump he and send he with a forceful shove fly into the water . Paul land on he back with a big splash , and come back up to the surface totally dumbfounded . Jack lean over the water and yell at he , like a madman , still a bit drunk . jack that be for you ' little ' package , and consider yourself lucky I do not turn you in to the cop ! and get one thing into you thick skull : I have never touch dope , 83. and I never will . you and you shit - deal , you can go straight to hell , and you can take the money you make from it and stick it up you ass ! so long . Jack turn he back on Paul and stagger off . paul hey , come back ! -- how be I gonna get out of here ? jack crawl . 92 int . apartment - day 92 in the live room , Michael be sit in front of the tv . he 's not really watch -- he 's eavesdropp on Jack 's phone conversation . jack ( very aggravate ) listen , sylvia , you have get to come back . I travel , I can not take care of she ... yeah , but you be she mother ... I be she father -- what make you so sure I be the father !? the date coincide ! Big deal ! that do not prove a thing ... but she 's still you kid , so do I a favor , get you ass back here immediately and take she off we hand ... ' Cause we have get a lot better thing to do with we life than wipe a baby 's ass , okay ? sylvia ?... hello ! hello ! sylvia , goddam it ! jack ( cont 'd ) ( he slam the receiver down like he be hammer a nail ) shit ! that bitch hang up on I ! woman ! I could kill they ! michael why do not you call she back ? jack I do not have the number . I get a message to she through she agency , they will not tell I where she be . I do not even know where she be call from . and you better believe she 's not go 84 . to call back ! the phone ring . Michael answer it . michael hello ?... no , it 's Michael ... how be you ?... oh , she 's do just fine , she 's in great shape . we be take very good care of she , you have nothing to worry about . ' bye . he hang up . jack who be that ? michael sylvia -- she want to know how Mary be do . jack what ? Jesus Christ , Michael , why do not you let I talk to she !? michael she would have just hang up on you again . the important thing be she know Mary 's fine . jack you jerk ! you should have say she be terrible , sick as hell ! practically on death 's door ! ( exit , furious ) what a jerk , what a pain in the ass you can be sometimes ... michael ( to himself ) what 's with he ? the kid 's do really great ! 93 int . apartment - morning 93 Jack be on the phone in he room , which be look a little more normal again . jack Mom ? hi , how be you ?... yes , I be fine . yes , I be eat well . Mom , how would you feel if I tell you you be a grandma ?... scream come over the phone . 85 . jack ... yeah ... a little girl , Mary ... scream come over the phone . jack ... I would love you to see she . in fact , I be gonna bring she down tomorrow ... today ?... great , I think there 's a flight in three hour . I will be at you place by two . see you real soon ! he hang up gleefully , rub he hand together . 94 int . kitchen - day 94 Michael and Jack be in the kitchen . Michael be make some bottle . Jack be watch he do it . michael you will have four already make , this will hold till Miami . jack okay ... michael tell she to make sure Mary get plenty of sleep . jack I will tell she . michael if she ass get red , tell she not to listen to any pediatrician -- they be full of shit . jack right . full of shit . michael then she should give she a bottle of water instead of the regular bottle . Works like a charm : her ass will be white as snow in three hour . jack ( nodd ) bottle of water , white as snow ... michael Peter say she clothes should be wash by hand ... 86 . jack really , by hand ? michael ( nodd ) and only in soap flake without any artificial color or scent . and then rinse three time in very hot water . jack ( docile ) rinse three time . michael to put she to sleep we sing in harmony -- it always work . jack my mother life alone . michael solo work just as well . jack okay . michael now , as for the nipple , you have get to be very , very , very careful . michael ( cont 'd ) as soon as the hole get too big she 's gotta throw they out -- this be extra , extra , extra-specially important -- ' cause if the hole 's too big , the milk come out too fast and it 's bad for she digest ... jack ( politely , but a little in a hurry ) I gotta get go , I will miss my plane ... 95 int . apartment - day 95 Peter be return from work . peter anyone home ? Michael be in the live room , eat a sandwich , while look through a magazine . 87 . michael I be ! peter how ' bout Jack ? michael on he way to Miami . peter oh , yeah . he 's get a lot of nerve ! leave we with the kid again ... michael no , he take Mary to he mother 's , she could not wait to see she . he 's gonna try to unload she on she till sylvia get back . I make she four bott ... peter ( furious ) you be kid ! that son-of - a - bitch ! michael do not worry , I tell he everything he have to know , and I make she four bott ... peter oh , I be tell you , that guy be really start to get on my nerve ! michael why ? peter goddamn he ! he really could have call I ! michael be you piss off ' cause she 's go ? peter ( exasperate ) of course not ! what , be you crazy ? I be relieved ! thank God she 's out of here ! michael I make she four bott ... peter 88. that idiot ! he could at least have tell I . ( exit , cursing ) I can not believe this ... that jackass ... that jerk ... there be such thing as phone ! michael ( to himself ) four bottle for the goddam trip . there , I finally get it out . 96 ext . house ( miami ) - day 96 a cab slowly pull up in front of Jack 's mother 's house . there be a big red convertible fill with four jovial senior citizen . Jack come out of the cab with the basket and stare at he mother , margie , who 's just lock she door . next to she , hold she luggage be Steve ( a man in he sixty ) . they head toward the trunk of the car . jack hey , Mom ! margie ( hit Steve ) hey , he finally make it ! margie ( cont 'd ) ( to Jack ) do you have any idea what time it be ? it 's four . you say two . jack but , Mom , I miss the plane . margie yeah , but now I have to go . jack where be you go ? margie on a cruise around the world . jack but why do not you say so on the phone ? margie because you never would have come . now let I see she . ( she grab Mary and cover she with kiss ) oh , my little strudle ! steve 89 . hey , margie . we be a little late ... margie bye-bye , sweetie love ... I will bring you back present from all over the world . ( to Jack , give back Mary ) four o'clock . she run into the car and they pull away . everyone wave goodbye . jack ( hold Mary ) ' bye ! 97 int . apartment - night 97 Jack come in with the basket ; he 's in a vile mood . he 's get a bottle ready in he hand . Peter , who have be work in he room , rush to the hall . peter you be bring she back ? jack yeah ... she 's starve . I gotta heat this bottle up right away . they go into the kitchen together . Peter immediately get busy ; he heat the bottle up quickly while Jack soothes the hungry Mary by carry she in he arm . peter so what happen ? do you two have a fight ? jack ( grim ) goddamn cruise ... peter do not she want to take she ? jack sure she do , but she be just leave for some stupid cruise around the world . the entire fuck world ! with some bimbo boyfriend of she 's ... and a bunch of retire bozo . peter 90 . the apple do not fall far from the tree . jack what ? 98 int . apartment - late afternoon 98 the doorbell ring . Jack go to the door . at the door stand a rather distinguished - look woman , with she hair tie back very properly , a suitcase in she hand . it be mrs . bretsaws , who speak with a british accent . mrs . bretsaws good afternoon . I be mathilda bretsaw , from the second mommy agency . jack ( very eager , very gracious ) oh , yes , I be expect you . wo not you come in ... they disappear into the live room . Jack shut the door behind he . Michael peek into the hall , then go and look into the live room through the crack in the door . Peter , too , peek in . peter who be it ? michael must be some nanny he find through a agency . Peter shrug and walk away . Jack come out of the live room . jack ( softly , to Michael ) she want to see Mary . michael she 's asleep . jack well , she want to see she anyway ! he head toward Peter 's room . 91 . peter ( return from the kitchen ) what do you want ? jack nothing , nothing . peter do not go into my room , she 's asleep . jack yeah , but the nanny , Mrs. bretsaw , she want to see she . peter no , damn it , no ! you be gonna wake she up ! it already take I a hour to sing she to sleep ... jack yeah , but she want to see she . peter all right , I will go explain the situation . jack ( hold he back with both hand ) no , no , Peter , please , really , do not go , do not bother , I will go explain it to she myself ... peter it 's no bother , Jack . I will be glad to do it . he rush toward the live room . jack ( sighing , to Michael ) wanna bet she 's out of here in ten minute slamm the door behind she ? they tiptoe over to the live room door and eavesdrop . 99 int . live room - late afternoon 99 peter ... a sleep child should not be awaken . if you do not know that , then you be not fit to be a nanny . 92 . mrs . bretsaws ( tense , but still calm ) I never say that I want the child to be awaken , sir . I only ask to see she . if I be go to be take care of the child on a round - the-clock basis , then ... peter ' round - the-clock ' ? whaddya mean ' round the clock ' ? be you intend to sleep here ? mrs . bretsaws absolutely , sir . a second mommy be a second mommy . peter and where be you go to sleep ? mrs . bretsaws well , I expect you to show I to my quarter . peter well , I do not know where Jack intend to stick you ... that 's he problem ... maybe in he room ... but I be warning you , Mrs. brestshow . mrs . bretsaws bretsaw . peter there be three of we share this place and we be all real stud . 100 int . hallway - late afternoon 100 behind the door , Jack roll he eye , Michael empathize with he . they head back to the kitchen . 101 int . live room - late afternoon 101 mrs . bretsaws ... and as for screwing , I have all I need at home , thank you very much . with a few day off every month , I be sure I will be fine . the only thing I be interested in be the care of the child and I can tell she need some . 93. peter oh , yeah ? how do you figure that ? mrs . bretsaws should not I be discuss all this with the father ? peter well , listen , Mrs. fretsaw , umm ... brainsore ... mrs. bretsaws bretsaw , Mrs. bretsaw . peter right ... bratsnot , lemme tell you something . with a child you always know who the mother be , but the father -- that 's another kettle of fish . so do not give I that bullshit , okay ? mrs . bretsaws very well . I will not discuss it any further with you . will you please show I where the kitchen and the bathroom be ? peter what for ? mrs . bretsaws so I can make you a list of the thing we need . peter what do you mean , make you a list ? -- do not you do the shopping yourself ? mrs . bretsaws no shopping or laundry or housekeep . I be a professional nanny . peter we have plenty of everything . mrs . bretsaws do you have a sufficient amount of fruit and vegetable for the child ? peter she only eat milk and cereal . 94 . mrs . bretsaws that 's not enough , sir . from the age of three month child should be start on a normal , varied diet . peter oh that 's bullshit . you do not feed a baby like a adult . mrs . bretsaws ( mockingly ) oh , really ? and how would you know ? peter I have read plenty of book . the diet recommend by that quack pediatrician today be way too rich . I be in favor of natural method , Mrs. breathmint . mrs . bretsaws bretsaw , Mrs. bretsaw . peter for instance , if a child be have trouble get to sleep , what would you do ? mrs . bretsaws depend , if it be a continue problem , I might recommend a mild sedative ... peter ( explode , triumphantly ) I know you would say something like that , you jerk ! mrs . bretsaws Fine . anything you say , sir . let I just remind you that I have my diploma and that medicine be a serious matter . peter do you know the song that go ' Medicine 's a whore and the pharmacist be she pimp ' ? mrs . bretsaws no , I do not . we must listen to different music . personally I be very fond of opera . 95 . peter Mrs. breakballs , if you do not get out of here right this minute I be gonna punch you in the nose ! this be my home , now get out ! mrs . bretsaws the name 's bretsaw . I be bless with infinite patience when it come to child , sir , but I be not qualified to deal with lunatic . Goodbye and good luck ! Mrs. bretsaw grab she suitcase and exit , dignify and stiff as a broom , slamm the door behind she . 102 int . kitchen - late afternoon 102 Michael and Jack be sit at the table . jack ( look at he watch ) what do I tell you ? ten minute to the second ! 103 int . apartment - evening 103 jack okay , listen , you guy ... I have try everything and nothing 's work : my mother 's off on a cruise ; Mrs. razzolini will not speak to we ever since the whole business with the cop -- we do not want to involve any of we girlfriend ; sylvia 's take it easy in Europe and there 's no way she 's gonna come back now that Michael go and tell she everything 's just fine and dandy . Peter do a terrific job get rid of Mrs. bretsaw , and all that 's leave be the daycare center , but Peter 's positive they be a breeding pit for a.i.d.s. so you tell I : what be we suppose to do ? you want I to split with the kid ? or dump she in a orphanage ? peter ( pretend to play the violin ) 96 . here we go . michael look , she mother will be back in less than five month . let 's not waste a shitload of time look for a solution for such a short time . let 's get organize . jack what do you mean , organize ? peter well , you will have to ask to fly the New York - Washington shuttle for five month , on account of serious personal problem . jack what ? never ! I would rather be a subway conductor . peter ( bark ) then dump she in a orphanage , ' cause there 's no way we be gonna take care of she all by ourselves anymore ! michael come on , stop argue , you two ! Jack , you be go to have to ask to do the New York -washington shu ... jack ( stubborn , yell ) no! never. michael ( unruffled ) that way , you can do the 6 - 10 a.m. shift . that amount to two bottle and two diaper change . you do the shopping when you get home in the evening and that 's all . Peter , you will take the 6 - 10 p.m. shift . that 's two bottle and two diaper change , she bath and she laundry . since I work at home I will take the longest shift from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. I will take she to the park for a hour , but that 's it . no shopping , no cooking , no clean . peter what if she get up at night ? 97 . whose shift be that ? michael well ... I think you might do it ... peter not a chance ! I be not do the night shift . I absolutely refuse . I have too much work to catch up on for the competition . jack well , needless to say I refuse , too ! michael listen to I , you selfish bastard ! my shift be eight hour in a row . no way I be gonna do night too . after 6 p.m. she can scream all she want , I do not give a shit . peter you know , Jack , you be a real slime ball ! we give you the easiest shift : the morning . she 's always in great shape in the morning , be not she ? we have get to work like crazy to save we job and you have the nerve to refuse night . goddamit , she 's you daughter . be you that horny ? jack ( extremely piss off ) hey , horny yourself ! I do not give a shit . I do not need you guy . I will find some other way to do it . and I will not take the New York - Washington shuttle ! he exit , furious . 104 int . charter company - day 104 Jack be come out of a office that say " executive office . " he be grim and sullen-look . he run into he friend Paul , who jump three foot away to avoid a potential mishap with Jack . paul ( shyly ) hi , Jack , something wrong ? 98 . jack ( who have not notice he ) oh , hi ... Nah , nothing 's wrong . paul what be you do in the boss 's office ? jack I be ask to do the New York - Washington shuttle for a few month . paul oh , and he say ' no , ' huh ? jack ( bark ) as a matter of fact , he say ' yes . ' Paul back up against the wall , protect he face with he arm . Jack leave , disgust . Paul watch he go , totally confuse . 105 int . jack room - night 105 Jack be sit on he bed , wear a dress gown . he 's get a sleep Mary in he arm . the basket be on the floor beside the bed . Jack attempt to put Mary back in she basket but she shudder and he immediately sit back down again and do not move . Mary fall back asleep . Jack look at she skin , she hand . very gently , he kiss she forehead . Mary smile in she sleep . 106 int . michael be room - morning 106 Michael be work at he draft table . Jack rush in , wear he uniform , ready to go out . jack okay , I be off . she 's well feed and she 's sleep now . we hear mary crying . jack shit , she 's cry . I will go pick she up ... Peter pass he in the corridor . he , too , be ready to go out to he office . peter 99 . let she cry , she 's just try to get to sleep , she will stop in a couple of minute . jack no , she need to burp -- I have gotta rock she for a little ... peter I be tell you , the more you pick she up , the longer it will take she to get to sleep . jack thanks for the advice -- now why do not you just shove it ? I know you let she scream for hour but I can not . peter ( in a state of shock ) I never let she scream for hour ! jack you would resort to any theory to not take care of she . just because you have read some book ... peter can you believe what he just say to I ... I read that book bec ... jack it 's not you shift , anyway . piss off , will ya ? michael come on , guy , cool it ! it 's my shift now . ( to Jack ) I will rock she for a few minute ... ( to Peter ) ... and then I will put she right to bed . so off to work , both of you . he push they both out . 1076 int . apartment - day 107 it 's noon , the sun be shine brightly . Michael be diaper Mary on she change table . she 's naked . he tickle she , bite she toe , neck and ear ; she burst out laugh . Michael be totally gaga over she . 100 . michael coochie , coochie , coo ... woo , woo , woo ... bippity , boppity boo ... Peter come rush into the apartment and run toward he room . he stop short in the corridor -- he hear Mary 's laughter and Michael 's coochie-coo 's . noiselessly he tiptoe over to the live room door and listen , troubled . then he walk away and shout , as though he be just come out of he room . peter hi , Michael , I just come back to get a file I forget ... Michael stop he baby - talk immediately , as though sud - denly paralyze , embarrassed , guilty . Peter enter the room . peter everything okay ? michael ( without look at he ) yeah , okay . silence . peter ( not move ) well , I guess I will be go now . michael ( not move either ) yeah ... they be both uneasy . peter the baby okay ? michael ( not budging a inch ) yeah , okay . Peter exit . 108 int . bathroom - evening 108 Peter enter the bathroom . he 's carry Mary , who 's naked and wrap in a towel . 101 . Peter carefully lock the door behind he . he remove Mary 's towel and sit she in she little tub , fill with warm water . Mary quiver as she come in contact with the water . Peter kneel down and very gently pour glass of water on she shoulder and head . the water stream down she face . she blink and laugh . Peter whisper lovingly to she in a barely audible , very low voice . Mary stare at he . fade out . fade in : 109 same scene - month later 109 Peter be wear a different suit and Mary be almost one - year-old , with a lot more hair on she head , and able to sit up a lot better . 110 int . jack room - night 110 although it be dark , we can distinguish in Jack 's bed a rather bulky shape , which be move around under the comforter and do not exactly seem to be sleep ... suddenly , from the direction of the live room , we can hear mary crying . Jack emerge from under the comforter and switch on the light : he have a female guest in he bed , a pretty brunette this time . jack ( to himself ) shit , she 's cry ... brunette what ? jack nothing , nothing . I will be right back . he get up , slip on a bathrobe and go out of the bedroom , carefully close the door behind he . he go into the live room , pick Mary up , and shower she with kiss . Mary stop cry immediately and lay she head on Jack 's shoulder , suck she thumb . Jack rock she for a moment then put she back to bed . Mary instantly start cry again . Jack very quickly pick she up again and kiss she . Mary be delighted by he tenderness . Jack put she back to bed again . 102 . Mary cry again . jack it ' beddy - bye time now , honey , beddy - bye , do not cry , sweetheart ... Mary keep cry , Jack pick she up again . Peter and Michael in they pajamas , they face swollen with sleep , enter the live room . peter ( in a soft voice ) she 's cry . jack ( hushed voice ) yeah , every time I try to put she back to bed ... michael ( hushed voice ) maybe she 's thirsty ? peter no , she back tooth must be start to bother she ... jack what should I do ? michael I have buy some stuff for she gum . he rub some of the medication on Mary 's gum . peter try and put she back to bed ; we will sing . Jack put Mary back to bed . Michael , as a routine , sing a major chord , give each of they they note . they start sing a lullabye in three - part harmony , as they lean over the crib . Mary be in seventh heaven . she look up at they , she stop cry , she suck she thumb . 111 int . jack room - night 111 the brunette be listen to the male chorus , totally amaze . brunette this guy 's totally whacko . she get up , slip on a T-shirt , and exit the bedroom . 103 . she stop at the door to the live room and contemplate the three man who be sing earnestly around the crib . brunette ( in a loud voice ) hey , choir boy , you gonna keep it up all night ? Peter and Michael stare at she , scandalize . Jack gesture wildly to she to shut up and go away . brunette oh my God ! there 's a baby in there ! I be sorry ... she go back to Jack 's room . peter ( hiss ) who the hell 's that broad ? jack watch you mouth , will you ? I be in love with that young lady . peter can not she speak softly like everyone else ? jack ( get angry ) listen , at night I be in charge . so get off my back , will you ? michael ( exasperate ) will you quit fight all the time ? she just fall asleep , for chrissake . jack oh , Michael , go to hell ! I be sick and tired of you little ' Father know best ' number ! peter yeah , you be right , I be feed up with it , too ! michael ( terribly upset ) okay , that 's it . into the kitchen . he exit , furious . Peter and Jack follow after he . fuming , they file one after the other down the corridor past the stunne brunette in she T-shirt who be wait 104 . for Jack by the door to he room . the three guy close the kitchen door and start yell at each other . they all talk at once . michael I have have it with you asshole ! I will not be the buffer between you two anymore ... jack I do not ask you to get up , I know what I have to do . peter I do not mind get up , that 's not the point ... michael I be not a punch bag ! you asshole ! jack if I can not bring a girl back here anymore , just say so . and I be go . I be outta here . with Mary . peter you can bring whoever you want as long as they speak softly like everyone else ! michael one thing I know : I can not goddamn wait till sylvia get back ! peter yeah , you can say that again ! jack and again , and again , and again ... meanwhile , the brunette have put she clothes back on and gather up she belonging . now she enter the kitchen . brunette sorry to disturb you guy , but I be split . I do not come here to be a bedwarmer . ' bye. jack ( run after she ) no ! wait , please do not go ... it 's all over now , I be come back to bed ... brunette ( at the front door ) 105 . you be very nice , but I do not feel like it anymore now . some other time , okay ? ' bye . she kiss he goodbye and leave . Jack be very depressed . 112 int . apartment - night 112 Peter , Michael and Jack have guest over for dinner . classical music , a very fancy table , candle : they be at the tail - end of the dinner , before dessert . everyone be very fashionably dress . Natalie be sit between Peter and Carl . jay and Jerry , Peter 's partner , be also there with they wife . Michael and Sophia be have a vehement discussion as usual , Jack be between two gorgeous model : christie and caroline . carl have you see the latest bi-annual at the whitney ? incredible ! have you see it , Peter ? peter no , I have not have the time lately . carl ah ... work hard on the competition , be you ? you may as well throw in the t-square , old friend , you have not get a chance . jerry ( somewhat harshly ) I only wish he be work hard on the competition , but unfortunately , that 's not the case ... natalie really ? what 's he do then ? he 's always so busy . carl maybe he 's work hard on woman ! some people have to work really hard to get anything ! Natalie burst out laugh . Peter 's about to respond , but stop himself suddenly . in the b.g. , a baby can be 106 . hear crying . Peter , Jack , and Michael exchange glance . Jack rush out . the guest have not hear anything . peter ( whisper to Natalie ) why do you always have to bring Carl along with you ? natalie do not you like he ? peter oh , c'mon -- I love he ! only , I would like to see you alone for once , that 's all . natalie he 's extremely talented -- in fact , I hate to tell you this , but I think he and he group be gonna win the competition . peter well , we will see about that . Jack return to the table . Peter 's eye follow he nervously . michael ( in a low tone , to Jack ) do you give she something to drink ? christie ( drunkenly ) oh , cut it out ! no more for I ! I have have eight glass ! jack ( in a low tone , to Michael ) I try , but she do not want anything -- christie I do so want some , but if I have anymore I will pass out ! peter save room for dessert -- it 's a three - tiere cake from balducci 's ! everyone 107 . oh ! wow ! christie ( greedily ) I love three - tiere cake ! jay' wife so what 's it make of ? in the b.g. , the baby start crying again . peter umm , it 's make with whipped cream and load of nipple on top -- I mean , load of ... raspberry ... I will be right back ... Peter rush out of the room . Michael and Jack exchange glance . the crying continue . sophia be you say that 's not art ? be you really say that 's not art ? well , then , you explain what it be . michael well , it 's ... art . I will be right back . he get up and go out . Jack watch he . caroline Jack , tell I about that exotic place , what be Caracas like ? jack ( he mind elsewhere ) well , actually ... uh , lately I have be to Washington a lot ... and uh ... I will be right back . he get up and go out . 113 int . peter be room - night 113 the three man be talk . Jack be hold Mary , whose eye be swollen with tear . peter try and put she back to bed ... jack I be warning you , she will scream ... peter I be sure she 's cut a tooth ... 108 . from the live room , Christie 's voice can be hear . christie ( o.s. ) yoo-hoo ! what be you guy do in there ? it 's fuck boring without you ... michael oh shit -- the guest ... peter you two go ... I be stay with she . it can not be worse than listen to Carl . jack that 's not fair -- let 's take Mary out there ... michael and the hell with it . 114 int . apartment - night 114 the three man enter the live room ; Jack be carry Mary . guest oh , it 's a baby ! guest ( cont 'd ) where the hell do that come from ? wow ! be it a boy or a girl ? who do it belong to ? so you have get a kid now ? incredible ! do that come from balducci 's ? no kid , whose baby be that ? jack lady and gentleman , I would like you to meet my daughter , Mary . peter ( mutter ) you daughter ... you daughter ... guest you be kid ! congratulation ! she 's adorable ! she look just like you ... oh , what a cute little girl ! overwhelm by all the people , mary burst out crying . 109 . jack ( walk she back and forth ) do not cry , Mary , do not cry ... peter there 's too much noise . he shut the music off . mary keep on scream . peter ( to everyone ) she 's teethe , that 's why she 's cranky . ( to Jack ) give she to I , I will try and calm she down . Peter take mary on he lap . the scream continue . michael ( very tense ) do not sit down -- it will get worse . you have to walk around . Peter get up and walk around . Jack and Michael , stand , watch he walk . mary scream even louder as Peter walk back and forth in the room with she . the guest watch in uncomfortable silence . natalie how long have you have this kid ? jack a few month ... natalie ( somewhat sharply ) who 's she mother , anyway ? peter she 's in Europe , she will be back in a few day . carl do she always cry like that ? michael no , it 's only because she 's teethe , she 's usually very sweet ... the guest remain silent . caroline 110 . ( to break the silence ) you would never think something so small could make a noise so big . mary crying fill the room . jerry what if you just put she back to bed ? natalie right -- she 's just throw a temper tantrum , put she to bed ... peter we already try ... jack it 's she tooth ... natalie ( to Jerry ) do you have any kid ? jerry's wife yeah , but they be grow up now , thank God ! christie ( to jay ) and do you have kid , too ? jay what ? christie I say ... and do you have kid , too ? jay no , we both have career . the guest remain silent , mary continue to cry . carl so , do you think we will get to taste that three - tiere cake tonight ? peter what ? carl ( to Natalie , sarcastically ) oh , nothing , nothing -- I be just try to live up the 111 . conversation ... peter what ? christie gosh , my ear be ringing , I can not hear anybody . caroline I must say , a cry kid be kind of hard to take ... peter what ? carl ( loudly ) we be just say that this baby 's conversation be actually rather limited ... and a touch annoying . do not you think ? peter well , she 's not the only one with a limited conversation . at least she have a excuse , she 's a baby ! what 's yours ? carl I frankly do not know what you mean . peter I mean , I have be listen to you pompous drivel about the latest trend for the last two hour , and frankly , it 's a crock of horseshit . jerry come on , Peter , be nice ... jay listen , go put the baby to bed and you guy cool it , will you ? carl it 's okay . I be use to it . Peter 's always be a sore loser . peter ( totally out of control ) you motherfucker , get out of here ! get out of my house right now or I will kick the shit out 112 . of you ! you snobbish scum - suck snake ! jerry Peter , cut it out ! jack stop it , Peter . give she to I , I will put she to bed ... peter ( beside himself ) no , I will go . ( to all the guest ) and you can all go fuck yourselves ! go back to you asinine conversation ! he exit with Mary . Jack , embarrassed , follow he . michael ( try to recover ) well ... umm ... how ' bout if I get the cake now , okay ? he exit . carl well . it seem we beloved host be go to be busy play mother for a while , so if you will excuse I , I will just slip away ... ( to Natalie ) ... Natalie , may I invite you to spend the rest of the evening in a more hospitable place ? natalie gladly . ( to the guest ) Goodbye . they exit . jay ( to Jerry and he wife ) be he out of he mind or what ? jerry he be absolutely obnoxious . christie ( drunk , get up and totter ) hey , caroline , I think we should 113 . go , too . I do not feel so good ... I think I be gonna barf ... caroline ( run to help she ) oh , God , no ! hold it back ! christie ( start to cry ) I wanna go home ... caroline okay , we be go ... ( to the other ) sorry ... say goodbye to Jack for we ... they exit . Christie be hang on to caroline . jay ( to Jerry ) look , there 's no point in we stay any longer . I think it 's best we leave . jay' wife ( to Jerry ) tell Peter if be a wonderful party . jerry ( sad ) okay ... ' bye ... sophia can you drop I off near soho by any chance ? jay sure . sophia thanks ! ( to Jerry and he wife ) ' bye ... say goodbye to they for I ... Sophia , jay and he wife exit . jerry's wife well , we might as well go , too . I think the evening 's over . she get up , so do Jerry . 114 . Michael , very playful , come back in carry a enormous three - tiere cake . michael ta-da ! will you look at this ? be this a cake or what ? can someone make a little room on the table so I can ... be you guy leave ? jerry yeah , we be beat . michael hey , where be everybody ? jerry's wife well , the atmosphere be not exactly festive ... jerry sorry about the cake , Mike ... it look great ! michael oh , never mind , do not worry ... good night ... Jerry and he wife exit . Michael be leave stand there with he cake . Jack come in , full of bean . jack well , she 's asleep at last ! we sing in har ... hey , where be everybody ? michael go . can you make a little room for I on the table to put the ... jack you mean they be all go ? michael yeah , all of them , hey , can you make a little room for I to ... jack ( go back out , furious ) Peter ! Peter , goddamit , get out here ! Peter come back in with Jack . jack they be all go ! 115 . peter who give a shit , they be all jerk anyway . michael hey , could you make a little room for I on the table so I can ... jack it 's because of the kid . they can not stand kid . peter I can not stand kid either but that 's not a reason to leave ! dipshit , they be all a bunch of dipshit , every one of them . michael oh , fuck it -- I be sit down . he sit down on a chair with the cake on he lap . jack and do you hear Natalie : ' she 's throw a temper tantrum , just put she to bed . ' what a pain - in - the - ass that broad be ! peter ( piss off ) hey , you be the pain - in- the -ass ! first you dump a baby on we , then you scare everyone away from the party , then ... jack I scared everyone aw ... just cut the crap , will you ? my whole life be diaper , shuttle and bottle . I do the graveyard shift , I be the one who never get any sleep . I ... peter listen , we all have two full - time job ! that 's for sure ! michael and what about I ? I be a prisoner in this house all day long , forget about chase ass , I have not get laid in six month . when the hell be you friggin' sylvia gonna come back ? 116 . jack she 's be go for six month and four day . peter if she 's not back by the end of next week , I be kick she kid out ! michael you better give you goddam sylvia hell for this ! jack do not worry , she 's gonna get it but good ! peter and you can tell she we have a lot better thing to do with we life than wipe a baby 's ass , goddamn it ! he exit . so do Jack . Michael be bury under the three - tiere cake , unable to see around it . michael do you guy want some cake ? ( beat ) guy ? 115 int . apartment - night 115 in she crib Mary be sleep . she 's beautiful , she look happy . 116 int . live room - day 116 Mary be in she playpen , play with a squeaky rubber giraffe . the doorbell ring . Peter open it : stand there before he be a very , very , young , gorgeous girl . sylvia ( burst with joy ) hello ... I be sylvia , Mary 's mother . I have come to get she ... peter ( completely daze ) oh , it 's you ... wait , I will go 117 . get Jack ... he stand there , freeze . sylvia how 's Mary do ? peter ( as if he be dream ) Fine , fine , she 's do great ... she 's get she back tooth in lately , it 's be a bit rough ... sylvia can I see she ? peter oh , yeah , sure , she 's in there ... they both enter the live room . Mary stare at sylvia . when she spot Mary , sylvia suddenly break down in tear . Peter be dumbfounded . sylvia I do not believe how much she 's grow ! recovering , wiping away she tear , she walk over to the playpen . sylvia hello , Mary , hello my darling ... she pick she up , hug she tightly , shower kiss on she . mary laugh . sylvia start cry again . sylvia how beautiful she be ... her hair have grow ... look how much she change , I miss it all . I miss she so much ! Peter , in a kind of daze , stare at sylvia . without look at Peter , she dry she eye and try to stop cry . sylvia I want to make life difficult for Jack but I never think I would miss she so much ... peter ( still in a fog ) oh , yeah ... make life difficult for Jack ... 118 . sylvia be he here ? peter what ? sylvia be Jack here ? peter ( snap out of it ) oh , yeah , yeah , I will go get he ... he exit like a sleepwalker and go straight into Michael 's room . the latter be asleep . Peter sit down on the edge of Michael 's bed and gently shake he . peter Michael , Michael ... sylvia 's here . Michael wake up and look at Peter . peter Mary 's leave . 117 int . kitchen - day 117 Peter 's give Mary she bottle , Jack be carefully put all she stuff into a bag -- bottle , nipple , cereal , etc . in the doorway sylvia , with reddene eye , silently watch they . jack ( to himself ) let 's see , the five bottle , the little bottle for water , the strainer for she cereal ... ( to sylvia ) ... do you have a blender ? sylvia a blender ? jack for bananas and carrot and stuff . it 's time for she to start eat they ... sylvia no , I do not have a blender . jack 119 . okay , you can have ours . he stuff the blender into the bag . Mary have now finish she bottle . sylvia ( to Peter ) do you want I to take she ? peter no , I have to burp she first . with dexterity , he place Mary face down on he shoulder and walk around in the kitchen , patting she on the back . jack ( to sylvia ) here , could you give this to Michael so he can pack they with the clothes ? he hand two bib to sylvia . sylvia walk through the apartment , and stop in front of Michael 's room , where she look strangely at the change table with its mattress , its pretty sheet , and the baby 's toilet article . sylvia enter the live room . Michael have spread all of Mary 's clothes , neatly fold and irone on the couch . he be pack they in a big bag . sylvia here be the bib . Jack tell I to give they ... michael ( take the bib ) thanks ... I put the woolen thing on the bottom and the diaper and lighter thing on top , because you will need that first ... sylvia ( she mind be elsewhere ) yeah , sure ... Michael bustles about . sylvia 's gaze come to rest on the crib which stand imposingly in the middle of the live room . Music box , little booty and stuff animal be hang from the bar , and a pretty white tulle frame the crib . 120 . michael you will have to come back and get the crib later . sylvia yeah ... 118 ext . STREET - day 118 a taxi be there . behind the wheel the driver sit wait . sylvia be sit in the back , on the side nearest the sidewalk , and on she lap be Mary , whom she 's gently fondle . on the sidewalk , beside the open trunk of the cab , be all Mary 's belonging : some bag , the playpen , a stroller , the baby bathtub , the change table , etc . Peter be attempt to pack it all in the trunk . Michael be hand the thing to he . peter ( tense ) give I the playpen first ... michael ( equally tense ) then where be you gonna put the tub ? peter ( annoyed ) just give I the playpen . cab driver need some help ? peter no , no thanks ... I would rather do it myself ... Jack be stand beside the back door of the cab , lean over toward sylvia , who be hold Mary . he be try unsuccessfully to sound angry . jack you really screw we over but good -- you know that ... sylvia I know , I be sorry . jack really . we life have be out of control for the past six month . 121 . sylvia yeah , I bet ... actually , that be kind of the point ... but I be the one who really get screw ... she start to cry again . jack do not cry , c'mon ... you be take she back now , it 's great ... sylvia ( wiping she eye ) yeah , it 's great ... jack D ' you have enough money ? can you manage all right ? sylvia yeah , sure ... I be not load , but it 's okay -- I be work , I have get modeling job line up ... jack do you have a boyfriend ? sylvia no . that 's the last thing I need . I have get my work . and now I have get she . she rub nose with Mary . Peter and Michael approach . peter that 's it , we fit it all in ... jack okay , then ... well , ' bye ... the three man be line up on the sidewalk . Mary stare at they , look a little lose . they wave they hand and : peter , michael and jack ' bye , Mary ! mary laugh and wave . sylvia ( with a big , sad smile ) okay , well , thanks again -- ' bye ! peter , michael and jack 122 . ' bye ! the car start up , pull away , and disappear from view . jack ( playfully ) well , that 's that ! michael yeah ... peter right ... that 's that . they head back to they apartment building . peter oh shit -- I forget to explain about the cereal ! jack she will figure it out by herself ... michael yeah , she will manage ... jack now it 's back to the good life for we ! michael sleep late ! different woman every night ! I can not wait ! jack forget about the New York -washington shuttle ! I be off to Caracas ! peter and I be gonna be able to get back to work , so Carl better watch it -- I be gonna slaughter that son-of - a-bitch ! first with this goddam competition ... and then with Natalie . michael and I have get six month ' worth of sex to catch up on with Cathy , nora , france , Susan , barbra ... they have enter the elevator . the door close . they come out of the elevator , in front of they apartment . michael ... Christie , Paula , Sheila , Lisa , kimberly , Rhonda , Rebecca , louisa ... 123 . but not necessarily in that order ! they enter the apartment and Peter walk on something that let out a terrible squeak . peter oh , she forget she squeaky giraffe . he pick it up and throw it onto a armchair . 119 ext . luxury HOTEL - day 119 Jack take a run jump and do a cannonball into the pool of a luxury hotel somewhere in the world . he splashes two girl who find it very funny ... 120 ext . STREET - day 120 Peter , with a bouquet of flower , run like mad down a street . 121 int . art gallery - day 121 Michael and Sophia be have a big discussion about contemporary art in the midst of a sophisticated crowd at a open . Michael be vehement , gesture wildly , and so be Sophia . they be both talk at once , not listen to each other , and enjoy it immensely . 122 int . office - day 122 Peter , all out of breath , come rush into the office where Natalie work . she be very surprised . he put the flower down on she desk . peter this be for you ... I be not suppose to leave the office . peter ( cont 'd ) they think I be in the bathroom . so I can not stay . ' bye . he dash back out . Natalie crack up , laugh . 123 ext . airport - day 123 Jack be run on the tarmac ; he quickly mount the stair to he plane as he wave a heartrend goodbye to a young woman he 's leave behind in the airport . at the top step , he bump into another young woman : it 's 124 . love at first sight . 124 int . apartment - day 124 Michael be in bed . it 's noon , the sun 's shine brightly , and a blonde be asleep beside he . Michael be on the phone . michael Peter ? yeah ? what ? yow -ee ! hooray ! terrific ! that 's fantastic ! I will call Jack -- we be gonna celebrate tonight ! he hang up . the blonde be now awake . michael they win ! they win ! blonde who win ? michael Peter . he win the competition ! blonde great ! who 's Peter ? 125 int . apartment - evening 125 Peter enter the apartment with Natalie . a bunch of crepe paper streamer be hang in the hall , as well as poster with various thing write on they : peter be # 1 ! congratulation , peter ! hurray , hurray , hurray ! Jack come run in with a bottle of champagne , he pop the cork . Jack hug Peter tightly as Michael come in with glass and try to catch the champagne that 's flow all over . they all shout and go bananas celebrate . 126 int . apartment - night 126 Peter have he arm around Natalie 's waist . she 's a little drunk . he kiss she and lead she into he room , clos - ing the door behind he . Michael and Jack , who be spying on they , tiptoe over to the door . they be silently exulting over Peter 's second victory . 127 int . lobby of office build - day 127 125 . Michael enter a fancy building on 5th Avenue . he 's carry a big portfolio and be full of bean . in the lobby , he push the button for the elevator and look around absentmindedly . his gaze suddenly freeze on something . by the guard 's desk he notice a stroller . Inside , look - ing pretty bored , be mary . Michael be overwhelm . he walk toward Mary and through the sea of people -- they exchange a intense look . he look around and suddenly see sylvia and two man deep in discussion come out of a elevator . Michael , startle , run and hide behind one of the elevator , stare out wide - eye . sylvia be dress in a very chic , tight black suit , with a veile little black hat and spike heel . one of the man be carry a bunch of camera . they walk out toward the front door , and sylvia suddenly stop . she seem to have forget something . she kiss they goodbye and head toward the elevator . once she 's out of they sight , she turn and wait for they to leave . when they be go for sure , she rush toward Mary and shower she with kiss . sylvia here you be , my angel ... be you okay , honey ? mommy 's finish now , you have be a very , very good girl . ( to Guard ) thanks a lot for look after she . guard oh , she 's be great ! she wheel the stroller over to the door and quickly take off she high heel , and she hat , and stuff they into a big bag . she take out a pair of old shoe and a comfortable jacket , and slip they on . she remove the pin from she hair -- she look like she normal self again . she leave , push the stroller out the door . Michael stand freeze . 128 int . HOTEL - night 128 Jack , in the corridor of a large modern hotel somewhere 126 . in the world . he be full of energy and playful excite - ment . he 's with a few of he colleague , both man and woman . they say good night to each other . everyone go into he or she own room . Jack 's the last one , he go into he room alone . his smile drop . for a moment he stand there just look . he sit down on the bed : on the pillow be a little chocolate Santa Claus with a card that read " merry Christmas . the Marriott hotel . " Jack contemplate it forlornly . 129 int . michael be room - night 129 Michael and Sophia , both in kimonos , be sit in front of the last bit of a elegant midnight supper , in Michael 's room . the bed in unmade . Sophia , a glass of champagne in she hand , be yakking away nonstop , like a real motor-mouth . Michael , silent , be doodling on a paper napkin . his pen be make little square and circle ; the circle come together and start look like a baby lie in a crib . Sophia be absorb in she monologue . suddenly Michael realize what he have draw . he crumple the napkin and throw it in the wastebasket . Sophia have not notice anything . Michael be bored stiff . 130 int . apartment - night 130 Peter come home with Natalie . they take off they coat . they look tired . natalie ( in a bad mood ) oh , my foot be kill I ! she take off she shoe and collapse in the armchair in the hall . there be a loud squeaking noise . she reach underneath she and bring out a rubber giraffe . natalie what the hell be this ? oh , it 's a giraffe ... ( toss it away and walk off ) ... oh , by the way , have you 127 . hear anything about that kid , you know , the one you have here for a while ? Peter stare at the giraffe , horrify . he feel the tear come to he eye . grabbing the giraffe , he hurl it with all he might against the wall . 131 int . plane - day 131 Jack 's in he plane , at the control , wait for takeoff . he 's daydream . his CO - pilot come in and join he . CO - pilot hey , what 's the matter with you ? jack whadda you mean , what 's the matter with I ? CO - pilot be you sick ? jack me? no. I be fine . CO - pilot c'mon , Jack ! do not you see who we have get on board today ? jack sure I do , why ? CO - pilot well ... look ... jack ( turn around to look ) so it 's the rockettes , so what ? CO - pilot and you be just sit there like that ? jack whaddaya mean , sit there ? I happen to be get ready to fly this airplane . CO - pilot okay , forget it . 132 int . apartment - day 132 128 . Jack , alone in he room , with he back to we , be face he full - length mirror . he 's look at himself , with one fist on he hip and the other hand clutching a half - empty bottle of scotch . he observe himself and slowly turn around -- we can now see he in profile . his hair be dishevel , he 's unshaven , and he 's put a pillow underneath he sweater . he 's pregnant . he take a big swig of scotch . the doorbell ring . Jack walk away from the mirror . he stagger dead drunk . but dignify , pregnant . Jack open the door . stand there be graton hold a stuff animal , a rabbit . graton hi ... jack ( out of it ) hi? graton do not you recognize I ? jack ( in a total fog ) wait ... uh , no ... graton I be the one who be tailing you ... remember , in the park ... jack oh , yeah , the park ... the diaper and all ... graton that 's it , the diaper ... but do not worry . this be not a investigation , I leave the force four month ago , and anyway , they have arrest the whole gang since then ... I just want to ask you something ... jack have you notice ? I be pregnant . graton ( neutrally ) oh yeah , I see ... jack so , shall we go for a walk ? 129 . 133 ext . riverside - day 133 graton and Jack be sit on a bench beside the East River . Jack , still pregnant , have bring along he bottle of scotch , and he take a swig from it occasion - ally . graton have bring along he rabbit . graton there 's something I have to know ... jack would not you like to be pregnant ? graton what ? oh sure ... maybe ... no ... I dunno ... look , there 's be something bother I for a long time . jack you see , if I be God , and I could create the world all over again , here 's what I would do : I would create Adam from Eve 's rib , not the other way around . graton ( have trouble follow ) really ? graton ( cont 'd ) that 's a interesting idea ... actually , I just want to ask you ... jack at least that way thing would have be clearer to begin with , y'see . they would not have make we believe that somebody could come out of we rib , y'know ? ' Cause nothing ever come out of we rib , y'know ? ever . only out of we prick , and even then ... everything still have to be do after that . graton ( very unsure ) that 's for sure ... jack what we man know how to make be plane , building , car , and all that stuff ... it 's useful , mind 130 . you ... graton it 's drive I crazy ! this thing keep go around and around in my head ... jack and you know what , it 's not even like they want we to believe it -- it might have be we who want to believe it ... but let 's face it , nobody come out of we rib ... graton ( dive right in ) be the dope in the diaper , yes or no ? jack still , that 's hard to take , goddam it ! graton be it in the diaper , or not ? jack the dope ? it be in the diaper , why ? graton ( get up ) oh , thanks a lot . I feel so much better now . here , this be a rabbit for you baby . ( shake both Jack 's hand ) thanks again , ' bye , I be so happy . graton go off , float on cloud nine . jack ( reach out toward he with the rabbit ) but wait -- the baby 's go ... 134 int . kitchen - morning 134 Jack and Michael , slump in they chair , be have breakfast . it 's a gray day . it 's pouring out . Peter , bend over a bowl of steaming water , with a towel over he head , be inhale the steam . when he look up to speak , we see he swollen tear - streak 131 . face . jack ( extremely , in fact , too playful ) tomorrow , San Francisco ! michael ( grim ) say hello to the Pacific for I . jack ( even more playful ) I will be back the day after tomorrow . peter ( emerge from the bowl , congest ) you will be id a foul bood -- jet lag really wipe out you dow . jack ( annoyed ) whaddya mean , now ? peter yeah : you do dot use to give a shit before , but dow it dock you out . jack ( very hostile ) before what ? peter ( put he head back over the bowl ) how would I dow ? ' before , ' that 's all . jack ( on edge ) it do not knock I out at all ... michael be there any jam leave ? peter do. silence . peter you eatig here todight ? jack 132 . ( playful again ) no , I be go to the movie tonight with , uh ... damn , I can not remember she name ... michael y'mean the japanese one ? jack ( suddenly very weary ) no , she 's from Finland . oh damn it . what the hell 's she name ? they have get such weird name ... magdalena ... no , marianna ... no ... oh , I can not remember -- anyway it 's ma-someth or other ... michael Mary ? a sudden , weighty silence ensue . peter this fuckig cold ! I look like I 'b cryig all the tibe but I 'b dot -- it 's just this dab cold . he get up and go out . 135 int . sylvia' studio apartment - night 135 Jack , hold a bouquet of flower and graton 's rabbit , ring the doorbell of a apartment . on the door a card read " sylvia and mary . " a chubby young man with thick glass open the door . jack hi. be sylvia in ? young man no , she will be back in a couple of hour -- around midnight , she say ... jack ( disappointed ) oh. young man wanna come in and wait for she ? jack sure ... why not ? 133. he follow the Young man in sylvia 's studio . it 's very messy . on the table there 's a big heap of book and papers . Mary , sit on the floor , be wear a diaper and a sweater , but she leg be bare . she 's play with a empty pack of cigarettes . she look at Jack with a serious , unruffled expression . jack sylvia do okay ? young man I do not know -- I be a mo student . I be just babysit . I only meet she a couple hour ago . jack oh , I see ... silence . the Young man sit down at the table and immerse himself in he book . Mary do not look up from she pack of cigarettes anymore . jack listen , on second think , I do not think I will wait for she . just give she this when she get back , okay ? and this be for the baby . Jack hand the bouquet and the rabbit to the Young man , who plop they down on a chair . young man sure , no problem . he immerse himself again in he book . Jack head toward the door , then turn around . jack should not the baby be in bed by now ? young man yeah ... I do not know ... when I put she to bed she cry so I just let she stay up ... jack do not you have any tight to put on she leg ? young man tights ?... well , it 's pretty hot in here anyway ... 134 . Jack get out of there in a hurry . 136 int . live room - day 136 Jack , in he pilot 's uniform , be sit on the live room couch . Michael be stand before he . michael you want I to call they ? jack no. michael but you have get to let they know ! jack no , I be not go anywhere anymore , I have have it with travel . I quit . michael c'mon , I will call you a cab , you have still get time . jack do not you call anybody . michael but the plane 's s'pose to take off in half a hour -- they will not have time to replace you . this be serious -- you will lose you job and you will not be able to pay you share of the apartment anymore ... you ... Jack take off he pilot 's jacket and throw it aside . jack I will be a dishwasher , I will live in a flophouse . michael what the hell happen ? jack I be not go , I tell you ; I be not go ever again . I be sick and tired of travel , sick and tired of broad . they all have the same ass and I can not seem to love they anyway . I can not take another hotel room , and swim pool and trendy restaurant ! I want to know 135 . what my life 's all about . do you know what you life 's about , Michael ? Michael have no answer to this question . he leave . 137 int . apartment - evening 137 Michael , wear a apron and hold a wooden spoon , go into Jack 's room . the latter , lie on he bed , be smoking and stare at the ceiling . michael come on , I make we a good dinner . I buy some filet mignon and haagen - daz butter pecan . when Peter come back he will cheer you up ... jack he 's be here all day . michael he have ? I do not hear he ... jack he 's in he room . michael what ? Michael head towards Peter 's room . Jack feebly get up and follow he . Michael knock on the door . no answer . michael Peter ! dinner 's ready ! still no answer . Michael open the door : Peter 's lie face - down on he bed . he 's hold the rubber giraffe and sobbing . Michael and Jack , dismay , stare at he . Peter hide he face in he arm . Jack and Michael go to the kitchen and sit down to they steak , totally depressed . 138 int . apartment - morning 138 the doorbell ring . a bare - chest Michael , in jeans , drag himself over to the front door and open it . there stand sylvia with Mary in she stroller . 136 . sylvia be a dishevel mess . sylvia be Jack here ? ' Cause I be a mess . I can not handle it , I be all alone ... michael ( shouting towards Jack 's room ) Jack ! Jack , c'mere for chrissake ! sylvia ' Cause my place be tiny , y'know , and my schedule 's insane -- and I just finish four day of pose and we end up every day at ... Jack , bare - chest , come in pull on he jeans . he stop short at the front door . sylvia be about to cry . sylvia ( to Jack ) yeah , y'see , Jack , I just do four day of pose ... jack yeah ... sylvia and every day we finish at three in the morning and since Mary always get up around 5:30 ... jack yeah ... sylvia well , you can imagine how much sleep I have get ... jack yeah , of course , ' cause after the 5:30 bottle it start all over again around nine ... sylvia and by the time I change she and play with she a little , it 's already eight o'clock ... jack and then that 's it -- you get only a hour of sleep . sylvia and the babysitter till three a.m. -- all my money be suck 137 . down the tube ! jack plus they do not put the kid to bed , they let they lie around half - naked ... sylvia oh , so the flower and the rabbit be from you ... jack I could have strangle that guy ... sylvia I mean it , I can not cope anymore . my parent and I do not talk to each other and anyway they live in Texas , and the baby need to get out to the park ... michael yeah , tell I about it ! find time to take she to the park every day be a real bitch ! sylvia and I have to work , I need the money to survive and anyway I love my job ... a distraught Peter , bare - chest and in jeans , come run in from he room . sylvia but to work I have gotta have a babysitter , and to have a babysitter I need to work , so I run around all day ... ( she sob ) ... and I be not sure I be take good care of she ... peter of course you be take good care of she -- we know what it 's like , do not cry , she look great ... sylvia ( sobbing ) it 's just ' cause I have not sleep in four night -- she must be teethe or something , I do not know but I can not manage ... peter do not worry , it 's nothing , she 's 138. cut a tooth -- you just have to put some stuff on she gum ... michael she pull the same thing on we . we lose all we friend in one night -- on account of one tooth ! sylvia and just look at my face ! nobody 's go to want I to model for they with the way my face look ... and what will happen to I if they do not want I anymore ? michael but you be beautiful -- at you age all you need be a good night 's sleep and you will look like new . sylvia right , a good night 's sleep -- but when ? peter well , why do not you leave the baby with we for a few day , till you recuperate ... I mean , if you want . michael we be old pro -- it 's not a big deal for we ... sylvia ( blow she nose , wiping she eye ) really ? I can leave she with you for a little while ? jack of course . leave she with we . come back whenever you want . get some rest . sylvia , between two sob , pick up a big bag beside she on the doorstep . sylvia I bring a couple of thing for she , just for a few day ... Michael eagerly take the bag from she . it 's follow by a second , and then a third . peter 139 . ( take Mary in he arm ) be she hungry ? sylvia yeah , it 's time for she bottle -- it 's all ready in the bag ... jack I will go heat up some water right away . would you like a cup of coffee ? sylvia oh , okay , thanks ... Peter , carry Mary towards the kitchen , be follow by Jack and Michael with the bag . sylvia blow she nose and walk around aimlessly in the hall . in the kitchen the three man bustle about with the bag , the bottle , the saucepan ... they have swallow all they pride and be kissing Mary all over , on she neck , she hand , she tummy . they be deliriously happy . Michael take some sheet out of the bag . michael I will go make up she bed ! he exit , and , once in the corridor , prance around , leaping and dance ... he get to the live room and go over to the crib : suddenly , he recoil and freeze , a fearful expression on he face . then he turn and race back to the kitchen . michael ( floor ) hey , you guy -- come and see , come and see ! peter what ? michael come see , I say . Jack and Peter nervously follow Michael into the live room . they stop short in front of the crib : there be sylvia , curl up in a fetal position , suck she thumb and sleep like a angel . michael the poor thing , she 's really wipe out . 140 . jack she will need two or three month to recover , at least ... maybe more ! peter we could set up a room for she here ... michael a room for she and a room for Mary ... jack then we could have four shift instead of three ! peter yeah , but I do not think she will agree . she 's get she own life to live . michael yeah , she probably would not want to move here . she would think we would jump on she any chance we could ... jack but we would make a rule , she would just be ' one of the guy ! ' michael she will never want to ... sylvia ( very awake ) so , I will take the ten a.m. to three p.m. shift ... and I will take every other night ... plus the walk in the park in the afternoon before I go to work ... and we split the rent equally ... and I will just be ' one of the guy '... deal ? peter , michael , and jack ( smile broadly ) deal . Mary suddenly come in from the kitchen , walk unstead - ily but determinedly . she 's drag graton 's rabbit by its ear . she look at the four of they and laugh she head off . freeze frame . end !