welcome ! Close would you like to make this site you homepage ? it 's fast and easy ... yes , please make this my home page ! no thanks do not show this to I again . Close Three wish produce and written by David W. Richardson copyright 2001 ( click here for image from this movie ) order you copy of " Three wish " today ! fade in : ext . mary house '' afternoon . under the open credit and theme music , we see five woman arrive one by one at the house via they own car . they be generally the same age '' all in they late twenty or early thirty '' and all be dress casually . as each exit they car , they be greet warmly by mary and the other who have arrive before . each be carry a small suitcase . all the woman remain outside the house until the last one arrive . then they all go inside , lead by Mary . int . various - afternoon . still with the theme music play , we see a montage of event . the woman excitedly get settle into bedroom in the huge house . Mary be show the woman around the house and grounds . in one scene , Mary be wear a bridal veil and hold up a wedding gown on a hanger while the other look on admiringly . then they be in the kitchen , help to prepare a dinner . then in the dining room eat they meal . a large banner read " congratulation Mary ! " hang behind a table load with wedding present . the meal have be finish , and the woman be chat happily , when kat rise and take a wineglass in she hand . she motion for quiet . kat : ( raise she glass ) " lady ! you attention please . " the chatter subside as other pick up they wineglass as well . kat : " as most of you know , I have know Mary for practically all my life . during that time , she have be a true and dear friend , and I love she like a sister . " at this comment , maddy seem to be take aback . kat : ( continue ) " so it 's with mix emotion that I anticipate she come marriage to Bill . naturally , I ’m very happy for she . Bill be a wonderful man , and he have make Mary truly happy . heck , i’d marry he myself . " laughter from the other . kat : ( continue ) " but at the same time , it 's almost like lose a sister . " kat look at Mary , whose eye be beginning to tear . maddy look at she too , and be not happy . kat : ( continue - to Mary ) " so you just remember this , young lady '' you be not allow to just disappear from we life like so many marry woman do , leave they poor , unfortunate single friend behind in the wake of they marital bliss . " the other laugh and nod in agreement . kat : ( continue ) " I still expect to see you every single day , you hear ? " mary : ( nod ) " so you’ll be come with we on the honeymoon then ? " roar of laughter from the woman . all except maddy , who look angry . kat : " absolutely ! i’ll go home and pack . have Bill get a friend ? " more laughter . kat : " seriously , Mary . I love you both and wish you all the happiness and love in the world . you deserve it . " murmur of agreement be hear from the other as they all drink from they wineglass . maddy drink she wine in a huge gulp . kat sit , and Mary rise . mary : " thank you , kat . you’ve be the best may of honor a girl could ever have . " maddy scowl at this . mary : " and thanks to all of you , my trust bridesmaid . how could I ever have get through all of this without you ? you be my dear , dear friend . " everyone smile . kat : ( jokingly haughty ) " of course , I ’m she best friend . that 's why she pick I to be may of honor ! " at this , maddy push away from the table suddenly and leave the room . the other be somewhat surprised . teresa : " what 's up with she ? " kat : " do I say something wrong ? " mary : " no , it 's fine . maybe sheus just not feel well . " Mary get up from the table and leave the dining room . the other girl look after she questioningly . they then begin stack the dish . melody : " I hope maddy 's alright . " teresa : " I too ! I worry about she . " anne : " I know ! she seem so out of it . " melody : " she use to be so much fun . remember ? " teresa : " give I a break ! all she need be a man to give she a good tumble . " anne : ( shocked and embarrassed ) " Teresa ! " teresa : " it always work for I . " kat : " well , believe it or not Teresa , sex be not the answer to everything . " teresa : " yeah , right ! " the girl laugh . maddy be in the upstairs bathroom cry softly . she look at herself in the mirror , and for a moment it appear she be furious . then there be a knock at the door . mary : ( through the door ) " maddy ? be everything alright ? " maddy stiffen and do not reply . mary : ( through the door ) " maddy ..... let I in . " maddy : ( tense ) " no ! I ’m fine ! I ’ll be down in a minute . " mary : ( through the door ) " be you sure ? " maddy : ( irritate ) " I say I ’m alright ! " mary : ( unsure ) " okay . just let I know if you need anything . " after a few moment , she compose herself and look at herself in the mirror . her hand move slowly , gingerly to she flat stomach . she look very sad . back in the dining room , the woman be clear the table , carry the dish into the kitchen . Mary enter the kitchen . mary : " do n’t worry about that . just stack they up there on the counter . i’ll do they later . " anne : " no way ! you cook the meal . darn if you’ll get stick wash the dish too . it 's you party , for goodness sake ! " teresa : " yeah , there 's plenty of we here . it will n’t take long . you just relax . " the woman set about the task of wash the dish , while Mary sit on a nearby stool to keep they company . teresa : " so what 's up with maddy ? " mary : " I do n’t know . she seem so out of it tonight . " melody : " tonight ? she 's be ‘out of it’ for age ! " anne : " I know ! ever since she break up with arnie . what 's go on with she ? " kat : " honestly , Mary , why do you even invite she ? " mary : " she 's a bridesmay . besides , sheus my sister ! how could I not invite she ? " melody : " she 's you step -sister . " kat : " geez , Mary -- if you dad have n’t take that trip to Boston .... " mary : " even so , sheus be closer to I than any blood sister ever could be . " kat : " yeah , but how long ago be that ? " mary : " ok , so she have not be herself lately . " anne : " lately ? she 's be in this funk for month . " mary : " I know .... " kat : " well she 's bum we out . what 's wrong with she anyway ? she use to be a lot more fun . " mary : " I do not know . she 's change since the breakup . I do not know what 's up with she . " teresa : " well , letus hurry up and get some more wine into she . maybe that will loosen she up . " maddy be still in the bathroom . take a washcloth , she dab cold water on she eye , straighten she hair , give one more look at herself in the mirror , and then go back downstairs . she do n’t want to rejoin the other woman , so she go into the live room and stand look out the window at the come night . after a few moment , Mary come into the room and walk over to she . mary : " hey , maddy . be everything alright ? maddy continue to stare out the window . mary : ( continue ) " maddy , what 's wrong ? why do you run out like that ? " after a long moment , maddy answer . maddy : " I just could n’t stand it anymore . " mary : " stand what ? what be it that bother you ? " maddy : " come on , Mary . you know what it be . it be she . kat . " Mary look down for a moment . mary : ( softly ) " I know . " maddy : " why , Mary ? why be kat you may of honor and not I ? " Mary look embarrassed , but do not answer . maddy : ( continue ) " we’re sister . well , almost sister . we ’ve be through so much together . I should have be you may of honor . not she ! " mary : " I know , maddy . I know . " maddy : " then why , Mary ? why do you pick she ? " Mary struggle to find a way to explain without hurt she sister feeling . mary : " maddy , I want you to be my may of honor . you know that . you know I always want it to be you . we use to plan it , remember ? we’d plan we wedding '' I would be you may of honor , and you would be mine . " maddy : " I remember , Mary . I remember it all . but then you pick she . and now she just love rub my nose in it . ( mock ) '' oh ! i’m mary best friend now ! why , sheus like a sister to I !’ how could you ? how could you pick kat ? " mary : " it 's not like that , maddy " maddy : " it be like that ! it 's just like that ! do n’t you hear she in there ? she be digging she claw in . " they sit silently for a moment , maddy look out the window , Mary look forlornly at maddy . at length , maddy calm down . maddy : " just tell I why . why do you pick she instead of I ? " mary : " maddy . I want you . it 's just .it 's just .. lately , you ’ve be so far away . " maddy drop she head . mary : ( continue ) " I do n’t know , maddy . I do n’t know what 's happen . I do n’t know what 's change . but ever since you break up with arnie , you do n’t talk to I anymore . you do n’t come see I , you do n’t call . when I do see you , it 's like you’re on another planet . I do n’t know what to do , I do n’t know how to reach you . " maddy turn away from Mary . mary : ( continue ) " maddy , please '' talk to I . let I in . I ’m you sister . you’re my best friend . " maddy : ( glumly ) " not anymore . kat 's you best friend now . " maddy turn and go across the room , flopping into a chair . Mary move to say something , but just then kat and the other come into the live room from the kitchen , chatter happily . Mary give a long , helpless look to she sister , then turn to greet the woman . everyone be talk about how good the meal be , while maddy sit glumly in a corner watch they . kat have bring two bottle of wine with she from the kitchen , and be fill everyone’s glass . after a few moment , kat notice maddy and call across the room to she . kat : " hey maddy . why the sad face ? be n’t you have a good time ? " maddy just stare back at she silently . kat : " what 's the matter , maddy ? cat get you tongue ? " there be a few stifle snicker from the other . Mary look apologetically at maddy , who turn away and look out the distant window . melody : " come on , kat . maybe maddy 's just not a party girl . " kat : ( chuckle ) " well then , it 's a good thing sheus not the maid of honor . '' Cause my job be to see to it that everyone have a good time ! " kat wave one of the wine bottle in the air as she say this last word , and everyone cheer and hoot . kat walk over and fill maddy 's wineglass . kat : " now come on , maddy . loosen up . you would n’t want to spoil the party , would you ? " without wait for a answer , she turn and walk back to where the other girl be sit . maddy stare dagger after she . mary : ( sympathetically ) " maddy 's just not feel very well tonight . " maddy : ( defiantly ) " that 's not true . I feel fine . here . " maddy pick up the full wineglass and drink it all down in one long gulp . she put the wineglass back down forcefully and give Mary a long stare . kat and the other be whooping they approval , but maddy do not notice . anne : " so Mary be you nervous about the Big night ? " laughter from the other girl , as Mary appear embarrassed . mary : ( with false bravado ) " nervous ? what 's there to be nervous about ? " more laughter . anne : " come on , Mary . everybody know you’ve be usave yourself’ until you be marry . " melody : " that 's right . we all feel really bad for Bill . how long have he be wait now ? kat : ( in amazement ) " two and a half year ! can you believe it ??? " gasp from the other . teresa : " my God ! I do n’t know a man could go two year without it ! " kat : " honey , you could n’t go two week . " everyone explode in laughter . Teresa hide she face for a moment , pretend to be embarrassed . Anne be also embarrassed . melody : " poor Bill ! maybe we should’ve get together and uhelped he out’ . " ooo- sound and laughter from the other . mary : " do n’t you girl get any idea ! besides , heus only get a few day leave to wait . " cheer from the girl . mary : ( continue ) " okay , okay '' so I be a little bit nervous . I admit it . but '' I get a little something to break the ice . " Mary run out of the room and up the stair as the other girl look at each other wonderingly . then they go back to they wine and conversation . anne : " so what 's up , maddy ? how have you be ? " there be a moment pause , as if everyone be wait to hear what maddy have to say . maddy : " I ’m fine , Anne . just fine . " she realize how sarcastic that sound , and soften for a moment . maddy : " how have you be ? be you still see that guy what be he name ? Steve ? " everyone in the room tense at the mention of Steve , and anneq head drop . after a long moment , she reply . anne : " no um he and I we— " kat : ( angrily ) " maddy ! " maddy be startle and confuse . she do n’t understand what 's happen . kat : ( still angry ) " Steve be cheating on she , and then he dumped she , remember ? jeez , maddy '' how can you be so cold ? " maddy look shocked . maddy : " no .uh ..uh I do n’t '' " anneq head be still down . Teresa go over and put a arm around she shoulder . maddy : ( apologetically ) " Anne , I ’m so '' " kat : " leave she alone . can n’t you ever think about anybody but yourself ? " maddy shrink back into she chair , upset . Anne take a deep breath and nod that she be alright . Teresa take she arm from anneq shoulder , but remain sit close to she . the other girl look uncomfortable , try to decide where to look . kat stalk across the room and plop onto the couch . everyone be quiet for a moment . then Mary come down the stair and into the room . she be wear a very nice bathrobe . she take a position in the room where everyone can see she . the other look up at she expectantly , relieved to have something new to focus they attention upon . mary : " well lady , as I tell you , I have be feel a little nervous about the impending wedding night ‘duties’ . " some light laugh . mary : ( continue ) " however , Bill have be a perfect gentleman for a long , long , long time . " more laughter , and stronger . mary : ( continue ) " he’s respected my desire to remain celibate until we wedding night , and I love he for that . " melody : " you’re so lucky , Mary ! " anne : " I know ! I wish I have wait " murmur of agreement from the other . Teresa give Anne a shocked look . this be the first time sheus ever hear she sister admit to have have sex . mary : " well , Bill be live proof that there really be good man out there . and you’re right , melody '' I be very lucky ! and that 's why I decide to go do a little special shopping . so , seven day from now , bill be go to get lucky too ! " with this , Mary throw open the bathrobe to reveal some very sexy lingerie . the girl gasp in surprise , then applaud and cheer . kat : " wow ! I hope Bill have a strong heart ! " howl of laughter from the girl . Mary strut a little , show off . mary : " well , I figure Bill deserve a nice upackage to unwrap ! " she strut a moment more , then close and tie the robe with a look of embarrassment . the girl applaud . kat : " okay , now everybody into they jammy ! we’ve get a couple gallon of wine to kill off , and some very interesting video to watch ! " with squeal of glee , the girl run out of the room and up the stair , except for maddy who remain sit in the chair . kat be the last to leave the room . as she pass , she grab maddy arm and drag she to she foot . kat : " come on , spoil sport ! we’re go to make you have some fun if it kill you ! " she push the reluctant maddy towards the door . as kat pass , Mary stop she . mary : ( questioningly ) " video ??? " kat give she a sly look . kat : " that 's right . you can just consider they utrain tapes’ . " she smile mischievously and leave the room , push maddy ahead of she , leave Mary with a question look on she face . CUT to : the girl be in they sleepwear , jamme together on the couch , laugh hysterically as a porno movie play on the tv in front of they . we can not see the tv screen , but we can hear the sound of mock passion and cheap music . the girl laugh as if it be the silliest thing they have ever see . Mary be half -hide she face in embarrassment . even maddy can not suppress the occasional giggle . after a few moment of this , Mary grab the remote and turn the tv off . mary : " that 's enough of that ! where on earth do you get that , kat ? ! " kat spring to she foot in mock defense . kat : ( theatrically ) " I will never reveal my source ! you can jail I ! you can torture I ! you can '' " she be hit with sofa pillow throw by several of the laugh girl . mary : " well , I ’d have to have a lot more wine in I to watch any more of that ! " take this as a cue , kat grab the nearest wine bottle . kat : " you wish be my command ! " the alcohol be beginning to have its effect on maddy . she be beginning to get into the spirit of thing a little more . she be smile more and participate more in the fun , although still considerably more subdued than the other . as kat refill mary wineglass , she fill maddy too , as well as she own glass . anne : ( sarcastically ) " so what 's next on the entertainment agenda , kat ? bob for apple ? pin the tail on the donkey ? " melody : " or maybe a rouse game of Old maid ? " boos and hiss from the other girl . maddy join in . kat : " no lady . now it 's time for some real fun ! " ooohus of anticipation from the girl , include maddy . kat : ( continue theatrically , with humor ) " now we’re go to play the game that delve into the deep , dark , stinky , slimy recess of you very soul , where you most basic desire be laid bare for all to see ! " anne : " oh no ! do n’t tell I . " kat : " that 's right . we’re go to play '' Three wishes’ ! " groan come from the other girl . kat : " aw c’mon ! this’ll be fun . " mary : " yes , come on . I like this game ! " the other reluctantly agree . kat : ( gleefully ) " ok , ok ! letus start with Mary ! " cheer from the other . kat : " alright Mary you’re wander on a desert island and you stumble upon aladdinus magic lamp . the genie inside grant you three wish . what would you wish for ? " Mary ponder this thoughtfully as the other girl look on with anticipation . mary : " hmmm Three wish , eh ? let I see . well first , I would wish for a million dollar for each and every one of my friend . " cheer from the girl . mary : ( continue ) " and for my second wish , I would wish for ..... a nice house at the beach . " murmur of approval . mary : ( continue ) " and for my third wish ........ I would wish that Bill and I would have a whole bunch of healthy , happy child . " applause from the other girl , but maddy look as if sheus be punch in the stomach . she collapse back onto the couch , suddenly withdraw again . fade to : melody : " I would wish for a diamond as big as a orange , a brand new mercede , and ...... " she pause for effect . melody : ( continue ) " .... for Roger to be better ‘endowed’ ! " squeal of laughter from the other . fade to : anne : " I wish for a new house , a trip around the world , and a boyfriend who will n’t cheat on I . " murmur of agreement from the other . fade to : teresa : " .... a houseboat , a big ranch , and a star role on a major soap opera . " fade to : kat : ( look around the room ) " ok , maddy . it 's you turn . you’re on a desert island and you find aladdinus '' " maddy : ( sullen ) " I do n’t want to play . " melody : " come on , maddy . be a sport . " teresa and anne : ( in unison , encourage ) " yeah . " maddy : ( irritate ) " I say I do n’t want to play . leave I alone ! " kat : ( irritate ) " what 's the matter , maddy ? already get everything and nothing to wish for ? " maddy say nothing . Mary reach out and take maddy hand . mary : ( encourage ) " come on maddy . it 's just a game . everybody else tell they wish . now you tell we what you would wish for . " maddy snatch she hand away and stand up unsteadily , the effect of the wine . she be upset now . maddy : ( angry ) " leave I alone , dammit ! I say I do n’t wanna play ! " near tear , maddy storm out of the room and up the stair . the other girl look at each other , stunne . Mary get up and go after maddy , the other close behind she . they find maddy in a room off the upstairs study . the room have two large window , and maddy have open one and be stand close to it , look downward . Mary approach she slowly . mary : ( cautiously ) " maddy ?... what 's go on ? " maddy : ( still look out the window ) " I do n’t wanna play . I do n’t wanna tell you what I wish for ! just leave I alone ! " mary : ( suddenly afraid that maddy may leap out of the window ) " maddy , please . it 's freezing in here . please -- come away from the window . " maddy do n’t move . everyone be rivete in they position . finally , Mary move to stand beside maddy . mary : " please , maddy . tell I what 's wrong . why be you do this ? " maddy : ( approach hysterics ) " what do you care ? what do any of you care ? " maddy move even closer to the open window . the other lean slightly towards she , as if they be prepare to grab she . maddy : ( continue ) " I just want it to stop . I want everything to stop . " Mary move slightly closer to maddy . mary : " be this about be maid of honor ? " at this , kat throw she hand up . kat : ( suddenly angry ) " geez , maddy ! be that what this tantrum be all about ?! you’re whining because you do n’t get to be mary maid of honor ?! well get over it ! " maddy whirl around to face kat. maddy : ( venomously ) " shut up , you little bitch ! " Mary and the other be shocked by this outburst , and stand in stunne silence . but kat respond immediately . kat : ( angrily ) " ok , ok ! you do n’t want to tell we ? Fine ! who care what you wish be anyway ? you ’ve already get everything you ever want , do n’t you ? so why not just ruin the party for everyone ! what do you care ? " maddy turn back to the window and bury she face in she hand , tremble as if sheus on the verge of a breakdown . suddenly , she drop she hand and whirl back around to face kat. maddy : ( angry ) " you want to know what I wish for , kat ? you really want to know ? then I ’ll tell you ! I do n’t have three wish -- I only have one wish . I wish I could go back in time and change one horrible thing I ’ve do . just one ! i’d give all three wish for that ! " everyone stand in stunne silence . maddy : ( continue ) " there ! be you happy now ?! " maddy storm out of the room and back down the stair . after a moment , the other follow . in the live room they find maddy collapse in a chair , near tear . they come into the room , but do not approach maddy . teresa : " oh , come on maddy . you’re so perfect -- what could you possibly want to change about you life ? " maddy slowly look up at Teresa , tear run down she face , and a strange look of horror in she eye . a long moment pass , then she speak . maddy : ( strangely calm ) " I kill someone once , Teresa . " gasp of shock from the other . silence for a short moment . melody : " yeah , sure ! you’re kid , right ? " but the girl slowly realize that maddy be serious . Mary move close to she . mary : " maddy , what do you mean you kill someone ? be there -- some sort of accident or something ? " maddy : ( still strangely calm ) " it be no accident . " melody : " then what ? self defense ? " maddy : ( agitate ) " it be n’t a accident . and it be n’t self defense . " she look at the question face , a grow look of despair on she face . maddy : " it be murder . " the girl be stunne . anne : " murder ??? how could it be murder ? " mary : ( to Anne ) " it can n’t be . " mary : ( to maddy ) " maddy , what be you talk about ? you never murder anyone . " maddy : ( anguish ) " I do ! I do ! I plan it ! I think it all out . I know what I be do ! " the other look at she in disbelief . maddy : ( continue ) " you do n’t understand . I commit a murder . a calculate , cold - blooded murder . I deserve to die . " mary : " no you do n’t . you do n’t deserve to die . nobody deserve to die . " maddy : ( calmer now ) " he do n’t deserve to die . but I kill he . " teresa : " maddy , get a grip . you do n’t kill anybody . " maddy : " oh , I do n’t kill he myself . I pay somebody to do the kill . but I commit murder just as sure as if I have --... " maddy dissolves into tear . the girl be shocked , freeze in place . Mary put she arm around the cry maddy . mary : " maddy , stop it ! you do n’t know what you’re say . " maddy try to pull away from she . maddy : ( sobbing ) " I do ! I do know what I ’m say ! I be there ! I kill he ! he 's dead because of I . " Mary do n’t know what to say . for a moment she just sit there , she arm around the sobbing maddy . mary : ( soothing ) " alright maddy . shhh . calm down now . tell we what happen , maddy . when do this happen ? maddy : ( still cry ) " six month ago . it happen six month ago . oh God ! I kill he six month ago ! " kat have move close , and now put a hand on the sobbing girlusl shoulder . kat : " God , maddy . be it someone who hurt you ? " maddy shake she head vigorously . maddy : ( the sob subside ) " he never hurt I . he never hurt anyone . he be completely defenseless . " melody : " well I ’m sure you do n’t mean to hurt he . " maddy : ( insistent ) " yes I did ! yes I did ! I do it on purpose ! I be suppose to take care of he . and I murder he ! " teresa : ( impatient ) " well then who be it , maddy ? who do you kill ? " maddy : ( as if she do n’t hear teresa’s question ) " he have so much potential . he could have be anything , go anywhere . but he never get the chance . " she begin sobbing softly . maddy : ( continue through tear ) " he be so small ... so tiny and defenseless . he never hurt anybody . he never do anything . but I do not want he around . so I make the plan . I pay the money . I have he kill . now he 's go , and I can not ever , ever take it back ! " slowly the girl realize what maddy mean . mary : ( with great sorrow and sympathy ) " oh maddy ... you have ... a abortion ? " at the sound of the word , maddy let out a scream of anguish and dissolves into tear once again , bury she face in mary shoulder . Mary put she arm around the sobbing girl . kat : " oh God ... maddy ... " everyone be silent , in shock . no one know what to say . a long moment pass as maddy 's sob slowly subside . mary : " maddy ... what happen ? " maddy sit up . kat grab a nearby box of kleenex and offer it to she . she take one and dry she eye . maddy : ( she head down ) " it be when arnie and I be dating . I really , really think he love I , you know ? and I want to make he happy . " she look at the other . some have tear in they eye . maddy : ( continue ) " I should have wait . I be n’t ready . we’d only be go out a couple of month . " several of the girl nod understandingly . kat put a hand on maddy 's shoulder . maddy : ( become more agitate ) " I do n’t know what to do . as soon as arnie find out , he dumped I . I have nowhere to turn . I could n’t take care of a baby . what could I do ? " teresa : ( lighter ) " jeez , it be just a abortion ! no big deal . " the other turn and stare at she sternly . anne : " hush , Teresa ! " teresa : " what ? what 's the problem ? it 's just a abortion . people have ‘em everyday . " Anne take she arm and turn Teresa to face she . anne : ( sternly ) " be quiet , sis ! " teresa : ( defensively ) " well it 's true ! it 's not like it 's murder or anything . it 's just , like , a piece of tissue , and you have it remove . like a appendix . " at this , maddy wail loudly . maddy : ( anguish ) " he be not just a piece of tissue ! he have finger and toe ! I could hear he heart beat ! he have brain wave ! he sleep , he wake up , he kick -- they tell I he could even cry ! he be a person ! " maddy lapse into heavy sob . Mary try to comfort she , as kat step over and get close in front of Teresa . kat : ( speak low , directly at Teresa ) " look Teresa , I know you’re young , and all you know about the world be what you see on tv . but to she , this be she child , she baby '' and she kill it . that 's what it be to her . so if you can help , then help . otherwise , just shut up ! " she turn back to maddy , leave Teresa with a shocked look on she face . Anne be nodd that kat be right . mary : ( sympathetically - to maddy ) " why do n’t you come to we ? to I ? we would have help you . " melody : ( sympathetically ) " yeah , maddy . why do n’t you tell we ? " maddy : " I want to . I want to so much . but the day I find out I be pregnant , I come home and hear you be engage . you be so happy ! everyone be so happy and excited ! and I just could n’t tell you . I just could n’t ruin that for you . " mary : ( tearfully , hugging maddy ) " oh maddy ! I ’m so sorry . I should have know . I should have see something be wrong . " maddy : ( tearfully ) " but you be so happy . and I want that for you . I tell myself , '' I ’ll tell she tomorrow . '' but with every day that pass , it be harder and harder to say the word . so I make the decision , and I have it do . I kill my baby . " maddy be stare sullenly now , almost as if she be in shock . kat : ( sympathetically ) " it must have be awful . " maddy look at kat as if slowly realize she be in the room . anne : " maddy '' how far along be you ? " maddy look at anne. maddy : " about ten - and - a- half week . " a realization strike kat. kat : " oh no ... oh maddy ... " kat begin to cry softly . the other drop they head in sorrow , all except for Teresa , who look at the other questioningly . teresa : " what ? I do n’t get it . " mary : " oh God . maddy , you due date . it would have be ... " maddy nod sadly . maddy : " any day now . " she heave a heavy sigh , no more tear leave in she . maddy : ( continue ) " any day now Mary '' you would have be a aunt . " Mary turn she head away for a moment so that maddy will n’t see she tear . then she turn back and take maddy in she arm again . mary : ( cry softly ) " maddy '' I ’m so , so sorry . " they sit together for a long moment . the other girl be wiping they eye . after awhile , maddy sit up and compose herself . maddy : ( to Mary ) " I ’m sorry I ruin you party . " mary : " you do n’t ruin my party . I ’m the one who should be sorry -- sorry I do n’t see what you be go through . sorry I be n’t there for you . " maddy smile weakly at she sister . kat kneel in front of maddy and take she by the hand . kat : ( sympathetically ) " yeah , maddy . I ’m sorry too . we all be . we’re you friend . we should have be there for you . " nod and murmur of agreement from the other . Teresa come and put a hand on maddy 's shoulder . teresa : " listen , I ’m sorry about what I say earlier . I -- I do n’t know it could affect someone like this . I ’m really sorry . " maddy smile at she . maddy : " thanks , Teresa . I appreciate it . " anne : ( to maddy ) " can I get you anything ? " melody : ( to maddy ) " yeah , maddy . you want some more wine or something ? " maddy chuckle softly . maddy : " no , I think I ’ve have enough wine ! but thanks . " the girl remain close to maddy . teresa : " I just realize , this could have be I . " anne : " what do you mean , sis ? " teresa : ( somewhat reluctantly ) " well ... just that I do n’t always practice safe sex . " Anne look at she with some shock , and start to say something , but Teresa cut she off . teresa : " I know , I know -- it 's stupid and dangerous . I do n’t know why I do it . " she look at maddy . teresa : " but I know I will n’t ever do it again . " a faint smile cross maddy lip and she reach out to touch Teresa reassuringly . kat : " yeah , well -- safe sex be all well and good , but I ’m beginning to think Mary have the right idea with the celibacy thing . " some nod and murmur of agreement . melody : " yeah , but then where be we gonna find guy as patient and understanding as Bill ? " kat : " hey , if Mary can find one , then so can I . ( to Mary ) be you sure Bill do n’t have a brother ? " the other chuckle , even maddy . anne : " you know , this be we fault . if we have n’t be so wrap up in ourselves , we could have see that something be wrong and do something about it . " melody : " that 's true . we could’ve save she a lot of pain and suffer if we’d just be pay attention -- like friend be suppose to do . " murmur of agreement . kat : " so what happen to we ? we use to be that way . we use to talk all the time , all about we problem and stuff . we be all like sister . whenever anybody have a problem , we all share it . what happen to that ? " teresa : " I do n’t know . seem like we lose it somewhere . " mary : " it 's like we’ve all become superficial -- like we’re almost afraid to face bad thing . so we just pretend that everything 's alright . it 's a defense mechanism . " teresa : " well it suck ! " Light laughter from the girl . kat : " yes it do suck ! so what be we go to do about it ? " teresa : " well what can we do ? " anne : " I do n’t know , but we have to make sure that none of we ever have to go through what maddy have have to suffer . " melody : " right ! we need to start be best friend again and look out for each other . " mary : " yes ! we need to get together more often -- all of we . and to talk -- really talk -- about what 's go on in we life . " murmur of agreement from the other . kat : " okay then . letus make a pact ! everybody raise you right hand . " everyone raise they right hand . kat : ( theatrically ) " we solemnly swear that from this day forward we will be the friend we should have be all along . we will call each other at least three time a week . and once a week we’ll get together -- all of we -- and share what 's go on in we life . we promise never to hold back . we will always lean on each other , help each other , and support each other -- forever and ever . amen . " everyone : ( in unison ) " amen . " laughter from everyone . even maddy be now smile . mary : " maddy , I wish you'd reconsider move back in here with I . I really miss have you here . " maddy : " thanks sis . I really appreciate it . but I ’ve get my own place , and I love it there . I ’ll be alright . honest . " mary : " I know you’ll be alright . it 's I I be think of . " maddy : " well , I ’ll just have to come visit a lot more often . so you'd better give Bill fair warning . " this make Mary happy . kat be almost overcome by this , and wipe away a joyful tear . teresa : " oh ! hey ! we forget something ! " everyone look at Teresa questioningly . teresa : " in all the chaos we forget to ask kat what she three wish be . " anne : " uh -- sis , I do n’t think ... " mary : " yeah , it might not be a good ... " kat : " no , no ! she 's right . everybody else go , so I should too . " she look at Mary and maddy , still sit together . kat : ( continue ) " but I only have one wish . " the other look at she expectantly as she pause for a moment . kat : ( continue - to Mary ) " my wish be that Mary will make maddy you may of honor . " maddy gasp with surprise at this . the other make sound of appreciation . maddy : ( near tear ) " oh kat ... " mary : ( to kat ) " be you sure ? " teary -ey , kat nod . Mary smile . mary : ( look at maddy ) " maddy , will you please be my maid of honor ? " a huge smile cross maddy face as she hug first she sister , then kat . as sheus hugging kat , she whisper into she ear . maddy : ( whisper ) " thank you , kat ! " they hug for another moment , then separate . kat : ( to maddy ) " and I want you to come to my house for dinner Monday night . " maddy : " well ... I do n’t ... " kat : " do n’t even try it ! I will not take no for a answer , young lady . " maddy smile , fake a salute . maddy : ( with humor ) " yes sir ! i’ll be there sir ! " everyone laugh . kat : ( with humor ) " she 's a raw recruit , but sheus get potential . " melody : " and maddy , i’d like you to come shopping with I this week . I have to buy a whole new wardrobe for my trip in April . " everyone : ( in unison ) " paris !!! " more laughter . melody : " yep ! and i’d really appreciate you advice . " smiling , maddy nod appreciatively . Mary take maddy hand . mary : " and first thing Monday morning I ’m call reverend Petersen , and you and I be go for grief counseling . " maddy lower she head and nod . Mary put a hand under maddy chin and raise she head up . mary : " we’re go to get through this together . " maddy smile and nod . maddy : " thanks sis . " kat : ( wiping a tear from she eye ) " um ... would it be alright if I come too ? just for moral support . " mary : ( smile ) " sure , kat . after all , you’re like a sister to we . " maddy and Mary share a chuckle . Teresa whisper something in anneq ear . Anne nod enthusiastically . anne : " hey ! after the wedding next Saturday , everybody come to my house for a barbecue ! " teresa : ( point to Mary ) " everybody except you , that be ! " loud laughter . mary : ( laugh '' then give a exaggerated sigh ) " I never get to have any fun ! " howl of laughter from the girl . everyone break and move back to couch and chair in the room , some pick up they wineglass and drink from they . Mary be still sit with maddy , hold she hand . kat be stand nearby . all be smile now . fade to : ext . mary house - morning . as the close theme music begin , we see the girl be put they thing into they car . they give each other long hug , wave they goodby as they drive down the driveway one by one , until only Mary and maddy be leave , stand beside maddy car . both be smile now . they give each other a long hug and a kiss on the cheek , then maddy get into she car , wave goodbye , and drive slowly down the driveway . fade out : theme continue under close credit . the end < !-- var _gaq = _gaq || [ ] ; _gaq.push ( [ '_setaccount ' , " ua-4601892 - 4 " ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [ ' _setdomainname ' , ' none ' ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [ ' _setallowlinker ' , true ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [ ' _track pageview ' ] ) ; ( function ( ) { var ga = document.createelement ( 'script ' ) ; ga.type = ' text / javascript ' ; ga.async = true ; ga.src = ( 'http : ' == document.location.protocol ? ' http ://ssl ' : ' http ://www ') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js ' ; var 's = document.getelementsbytagname ( 'script ' ) [ 0 ] ; s.parentnode.insertbefore ( ga , 's ) ; } ) ( ) ; -->