three king a screenplay by David o. Russell Story by John ridley and David o. Russell draft date : 6/22/98 fade in : ext . iraqi desert - day wide angle Pov of wide open desert , flat grey sky . the camera be run forward , toward a big sand berm in the distance . there be o.s. sound : soldier' equipment clanking , boot running on sand . hear a man 's breathing . the back of he helmete head and he uniform shoulder appear in the bottom of the frame , run . this be troy barlow , sargeant , U.S. Army , 25 year old . on he helmet be a photo-button with a photo of a newborn baby . suddenly , on the sand berm 100 meter ahead , a iraqi soldier stand . Troy stop in he track , out of breath , and stare at the figure on the berm . the iraqi flutter a white flag over he head , then put it down and pick up a gun . Troy turn around , we see he face for the first time . troy be we shoot people , or what ? soldier # 1 ( o.s. ) be we shoot ? troy that 's what I be ask you . soldier # 1 ( o.s. ) what 's the answer ? troy I do not know the answer . that 's what I be try to find out . pan to three soldier 40 yard away -- zoom in -- soldier # 1 unwrap a stick of gum and put it into he mouth . two other soldier put out they hand and get piece of gum . pan to 100 yard away -- zoom in -- soldier # 2 stand with he head tilt back while soldier # 3 look into he eye . soldier # 3 it look like a grain of sand , but I do not know how I be gonna get it out -- captain van meter , 37 , crab-like , be in the far distance . captain van meter if they surrender , do not shoot , if they do not surrender , then shoot . pan back to Troy , face the camera , close , scared , then turn back to the dune and run a few yard . stop and stare , raise he rifle . he aim at the figure on the horizon . Pov through rifle scope the iraqi soldier in the cross hair . hear Troy 's breathe , loud , as he pull trigger slowly . slow motion rifle sound . Silent pause . the iraqi soldier stand there , then he neck explode like a sack of blood . Silent , except for sound of Troy 's loud breathing as he walk toward the big berm , and up to the crest . all we hear be he footstep and breathe . soldier # 3 ( o.s. ) that guy just shot a towel head . soldier # 4 ( o.s. ) bullshit . young iraqi soldier lie on the ground . a piece of he neck be blow away . he be rasp , a flag be clasped in one hand ; a rifle in the other . he be look up at Troy , who look down at he . smash CUT to fantasy - int . hospital , torrance , cal . - day a white baby girl , cover in blood and placenta , be pull from between the leg of Troy 's wife , darlene . the nurse hold the scream baby aloft , proud and happy . vig ( v.o. ) ( deep southern accent ) congratulation , you get yourself a rag head , my man . ext . iraqi desert - day ( present ) the rasp iraqi die . pan to conrad vig , 18 or 20 , wiry , intense , deep south , wear Army issue glass , out of breath . vig dag . Troy turn , upset , murmur " I get around " by the Beach boy . troy " gettin ' bugge drivin ' up and down the same old strip , gotta find a new place where the kid be hip , I get around -- " soldier # 1 I do not think I would see anyone get shot over here . vig it look like the guy 's head blow three foot into the air -- fantasy sequence in slow motion the iraqi 's head pop three foot into the air . back to the scene soldier # 1 bullshit , that 's not what happen . vig I say it look like that happen , but then we get here and he be still breathe . soldier # 2 oh , my God , it 's just like ' predator , ' where the guy , the black guy -- soldier # 3 Carl weather . his arm get shot off . vig and when it hit the ground , he hand keep on fire . scene from ' predator ' Carl weather arm be shot off and keep fire . back to the scene . soldier # 5 take my picture . vig do you still want to sell picture ? troy ( distract monotone ) for twenty . soldier # 5 twenty dollar , man , what 's the meaning of life ? troy you be lucky you get to see anybody shot in this war . vig War 's be over five day , Jim , be not gonna be much more of this . soldier # 5 Bobby , take my picture . he hold the camera out . soldier # 4 if he shot the guy , it 's up to he . soldier # 5 it 's not like he shot a fuck deer . it 's the enemy . vig Troy 's enemy , yours for twenty . Soldiers get they cash out , Troy take it . troy accept no substitute , this be the real thing , oh , Jesus [ wince ] -- vig what 's wrong ? troy I get a really bad headache all of a sudden -- soldier # 7 bend next to the corpse and hold he camera out at arm 's length . vig no free picture , motherfucker . vig shove the soldier away and the two wrestle as they roll down the sand berm . " I just want to celebrate " by rare Earth come on loud . Troy walk away hold he temple in pain ; soldier gather to stare at the dead iraqi , get they camera out . ext . iraqi desert road - american soldier in combat gear dance on a road in the desert . " I just want to celebrate " blare as the camera dolly through the soldier . dolly into tent town , past bare chest soldier pump free weight ; jogging in formation ; sunbathing on big water storage mattress ; dolly out of the tent town , past a soldier take a makeshift foxhole desert bath , past a dead iraqi on the road , a chopper hover in the distance , to more dancing soldier , as music continue -- bill smithson ( o.s. ) spirit be high and the music be boisterous as this young troops celebrate -- shit . let I try that again . dolly around the dance soldier to see : hundred of stripped iraqi soldier lie face down in undershort . bill smithson ( o.s. ) spirit be high and the music be fuck motherfuck sand in my eye -- pan past CNN reporter bill smithson , 45 , in white safari jacket over Desert Storm fatigue , clean he eye ; nearby a cluster of rowdy soldier who be mugging into the camera . dolly to archie gate , 55 , Lieutenant Colonel , special force , wear sunglass , talk to havichon , a french special force Captain on crutch with a break leg . archie gate be that what you get from this experience ? a goddamn watch ? havichon ees a great fuck watch . Close up : portrait of a sheik on a rolex . archie gate there 's 700 million in gold out there and you be fuck around with a watch ? havichon bon dieu de merde , that 's a lot of gold , man . archie gate one bunker of gold and we retire from this horseshit , hashy -- bill smithson Gates . archie gate just a second . the problem , hash , be how do you find it ? havichon like one sowsan bunker out sair -- archie gate maybe two sowsan bunker out sair , hash , how do you find Saddam 's bullion ? bill smithson could I have some help over here , for chrissake ? archie gate my goodness , Bill , what seem to be the problem ? bill smithson I be try to do a story here and the fuck sand be blow in my face -- archie gate you want I to stop the sand ? I can not do anything about that . bill smithson no , you be too busy talk about the fuck gold , which by the way make a great story if you would get I a goddamn lead on it -- archie gate I think the Saddam story go more for the jugular , journalistically speak , I mean , he 's still here beat the shit out of he country . bill smithson would you just be my guide and not my fuck producer ? you be my guide . archie gate ok , go do you celebration story , Bill . smash to : rowdy soldier mug for smithson 's camera . soldier # 5 we be number one . soldier # 6 waaaa-hooooo -- bill smithson you be heroes . soldier # 6 we be heroes . soldier # 7 give war a chance . bill smithson you have exorcise the ghost of Vietnam with a clear moral imperative -- soldier # 5 be that what we do ? bill smithson where the hell be you go ? archie be walk off with cathy daitch a young reporter . archie gate I will be right back . bill smithson I do not want you help other reporter , goddamn it . soldier # 1 we kick ass . soldier # 6 we do not get rid of fuck Saddam -- soldier # 8 which totally suck a big dick . soldier # 6 that people be get reemed -- soldier # 7 bullshit , we save Kuwait , man . bill smithson who 's get reemed ? the Shiites ? soldier # 8 I do not know who they be , man -- soldier # 6 we get big firepower but we be not save they -- soldier # 5 fuck that , we liberated Kuwait . soldier # 1 weehaaaaaaa . five soldier chant Lee greenwood 's anthem , " proud to be a american " into smithson 's camera -- soldier ( chant ) ' if tomorrow all the thing be go that I work for all my life and I have to start again with just my child and my wife - - ' wide , high angle dollying crane of big tent CITY soldier ( chant os ) ' I would thank my lucky star to -- dissolve to Pov from chopper - night - of twinkle light of vast U.S. Army camp below . " proud to be a America " blast . chopper pilot sing off key . chopper pilot '-- be livin ' here today because the flag still stand for freedom and they can not take that awayyyyy -- ' int . large army tent - night " proud to be a american " blast on as Troy , wear a check arab headdress be parade on shoulder . he hold up a Coke can in one hand and a Bud can in the other , like torch . troy ( scream the song ) and I be proud I to be a american , where at least I know I be free . and I will not forget the man who die , who give that right to I . and I would gladly stand up ; next to you and defend she still today . Cause there be not no doubt I love this land , God bless the U S a -- Soldiers scream and go nut . beer be sputter from soldier ' mouth . " I can not do nothing for ya man " by Public enemy blast . walter wogoman , 19 , quiet , tall , Southern operate two parallel boom box like a dj . a soldier rapidly peel down one Bruce Lee poster on top of another , like a flip - book animate Bruce Lee . vig wear a bandage across he nose from the fight on the berm do a series of cheerleader - like karate arm movement . Soldiers whip brightly paint toy football at Troy . he whip the ball back , be tackle over a table , crash . Soldiers -- vig , walter , other -- scream viscerally as the music blast . two soldier fire they finger like pistol at Troy on the floor scream like a fierce animal . troy rahhhhhhhhhhhhhh . vig scream into Troy 's face at point blank range . vig rahhhhhhhhh . troy rahhhhhhhhhhhhh . captain van meter goddamn it , where the fuck do this beer come from we gotta take more Iraqis prisoner tomorrow . ext . iraqi desert - day wide shot - hundred of iraqis walk in the desert , hand raise above they head . translator ( megaphone ) hasnala shi aluno quibaan -- captain van meter we will not hurt you . Lay down you weapon , get on the ground -- two iraqis with bad face wound get medical help . five iraqis on they knee , plead for mercy in Arabic as they disrobe . they grab and kiss Troy barlow 's hand , as he hold he m - 16 on the begging Iraqis . troy it 's cool , no one 's gonna hurt you -- vig whip out he big Thunder 5 pistol and point it in they face . vig do you rape and torture anybody in Kuwait , Abdul ? the Iraqis wail for mercy . Troy push vig 's pistol away . troy you be make they all hysterical . vig point the big pistol at a older iraqi officer who be the only one not take he clothes off . vig take you fuck rag off , take this off . no comprende English , motherfucker ? troy what be you fuck problem , conrad ? vig I be try to git he to obey the spirit of thing but he will not take he rag off . troy ( lean down ) Sir ? we need you to disrobe like all the other towel head , ok ? the Officer do not move , Troy punch he head once . vig and walter forcibly pull the iraqi Officer 's pants off . Troy take out a bottle of aspirin , eat two . vig whoa , it 's a freaky thing , Troy . vig point to the Officer 's bare buttock , where a roll up piece of paper be stick out -- troy there 's a document in that guy 's ass , conrad . vig that 's the freaky thing . walter do you think he eat it ? troy it would not come out perfect like that if he eat it . Troy pull out a latex glove out of he pocket . troy go get it , private . iraqi officer hasa man timal ! the Officer scream in protest and be forcibly subdued by walter as vig , wear the glove , slowly pull the roll up , greasy paper from the Officer 's ass -- Troy look disgust . troy open it up . vig you only give I one glove . troy I be sorry I do not have another , but you gotta open it up . that 's how the chain of command work . vig take out a U.S. Army pen and use it to unroll the greasy paper and lie it flat on the sand . close up - the rumpled paper be a handwritten map , with scant Arabic write , a few spare road , number , and three small box . vig what the hell be that ? troy important enough to squeeze you cheek for . int . television truck - day in the half - light of dozen of tv monitor play iraqi news from around the world , archie Gates madly hump cathy daitch on a lawn chair which be slamm into the monitor . cathy daitch you be a train warrior , train warrior , train warrior , Jesus Christ , Colonel ! tv monitor crash to the floor as she climax . archie lay on the floor catch he breath , stare at a sideways monitor of soldier celebrate ; she stand , dress . cathy daitch ( breathless ) what 's Bill get ? archie gate just the celebration story . cathy daitch that 's it ? archie gate that 's it -- archie gate how about you ? do you find anything ? cathy daitch it could be another bullshit lead but I need you to help I find a guy who might have something on the gold -- archie gate who 's the guy ? cathy daitch somebody barlow , maybe in company b-- archie gate barlow . cathy daitch get a map out of a prisoner 's head . archie gate out of a prisoner 's head ? cathy daitch or he ear , or he ass , or he dick , and they get like a fifty page full - color mini atla of Saddam 's bunker -- archie gate out of a guy 's dick ? the door explode open and two mps grab archie , pants around he ankle , and drag he from the truck . ext . television truck - day archie be face by a older two STAR general ( general pye ) , a younger one STAR general ( general horn ) . general pye this be not the way we service the media , Major . stop she -- whip pan to Cathy run away as she dress , mps grab she . mp you be in violation of code 37d , grind Major Gates . they let she go . Soldiers in gas suit laugh . archie gate you guy have no manners whatsoever -- Bill smithson run up , agitate . bill smithson I tell you he be with she -- general pye we be handle this , ok ? the mp push smithson away . bill smithson I want help with the gold story , and he take off on I -- archie gate that 's a lot of bullshit . smithson be walk away . archie pull he pants up . general pye I give you a prestige job in the media war of the century and the guy feel neglect . archie gate I be help he plenty with he big celebration feature -- where do you get this fuck star ? archie suddenly reach out and grab the corner of General horn 's collar , with its one star . general horn they make I a general , pal . archie gate for what ? I do not even know what we do over here , but schwartzkopf get a book deal , you get a star , Powell get to be fuck president -- general horn be you high ? this be a huge win for we . archie gate running the press pool 's a real big win for I . general pye you want we to kill more Americans to occupy Iraq ? archie gate I be just say it 's ironic , that 's all . general horn what the fuck be ironic ? archie gate we get the biggest army in the world here but Iraq still have the d-bag dictator in power , but that 's how the world work I guess . general pye just take care of smithson and maybe he will hook you up to consult on movie . general horn it 's either that or be a security guard when you retire . archie gate fuck you , ron . general horn I be a general now , you can not say fuck you to I . archie gate ok , sir , but there 's another thing I would like to say , if you do not mind . general horn go right ahead , Colonel . archie lean wild - eye into horn 's face and whisper -- archie gate fuuuuuck yooouuuu , ronnnnn . int . captain be tent - day splash -- rub alcohol be pour over vig 's extend hand by doc elgin , 25 , stocky , black , no nonsense . troy you have wash you hand like a thousand time , conrad . vig Lord know what vermin live in the butt of a dune koon . doc why do you let this cracker follow you around ? troy he 's a good kid . doc he 's a wall - eye cracker . troy he 's get no high school , man , he 's from a group home in Jackson -- doc I do not give a shit if he 's from johannesburg . I do not want to hear dune koon or sand nigger from he or anybody . vig Captain use that term . troy the point be , conrad , ' towel head ' and ' camel jockey ' be perfectly good substitute . doc exactly . vig I be sorry , man , it 's a little confusing be all . doc what can I do for you headache ? Doc elgin open a case full of pill bottle . troy get any vicadan ? doc all go . how about caffergot ? troy excellent . let 's translate my iraqi ass map . Troy pop the pill , Doc pull a document from a folder and open it as he hover over a table with Troy and vig . troy Van meter 's at the big pow wow ? doc we be cool for at least three hour , but keep walter on the door . walter stand by the door wear night vision goggle . troy would you take that fuck thing off ? walter I never get to use night vision . troy they do not work during the day and stand outside the tent . Doc unfold a big aerial - photo map of the iraqi desert , next to the rumple ass map . doc this be definitely Saddam 's bunker near karbala . troy what 's inside ? doc accord to Intelligence -- Picasso , armani , rolex , mercede , Sony you name it -- Kuwait be Muslim beverly Hills and Saddam sack it . vig man , get a awesome stereo system with like ten bos speaker -- troy Silver Lexus convertible . doc Lexus do not make a convertible . troy yes , they do . doc infiniti have one come . troy you be wrong . doc you can not get a car home from here anyway . troy if I get enough rolex I could buy one when I get home . vig one gold rolex , I get a very fine split level outside Jackson . troy my one problem , see , be the risk here -- doc what risk ? we already do the risk . I sign up last year to bank some computer training -- troy tell I about it . doc next thing I know I be sit here wait to get hit by a scud . I put my life on the line for what purpose I be not sure , and now the good Lord put this map in my path -- troy he could put a land mine in you path if we try to find this place -- doc you be safe with I . troy cuz you have a galactic plutonium forcefield . doc I do not talk about it . but I do have a ring of Jesus fire . troy you have a ring of Jesus fire . doc I be fire baptize . vig I be baptize in water . doc I be fire baptize . troy I do not even know what water baptism mean . doc for that who understand , no explanation be necessary ; for that who do not , no explanation will suffice . you can benefit from my Jesus ring if you do right by I , you get that ? troy ok . CUT to Pov walter' night vision -- blurry image of archie walking right up to walter . walter this tent be restrict -- archie gate get the fuck out of my way . walter May day , may day -- CUT to Troy and Doc scramble to put the map under the table . archie gate good afternoon . he walk up to they . archie gate would this be the proctology tent ? doc yes , sir , I mean , no , sir . archie gate then maybe it 's the urology tent . troy Captain 's at a staff meeting . archie gate that 's ok , I be not look for a proctologist or a urologist I be look for sargeant barlow . archie fix he gaze on Troy , walk up , reach under the table , and take the map , smell he finger . archie gate you be on the path to truth when you smell shit , be not that what they say ? vig I do not recognize you , sir . be you in this division ? doc he 's not in this division . he 's special force . Troy and vig be impressed . doc he 's the guy take Bill smithson around . archie gate and you would be the Three Wise Men , right , mappy , slappy , and pappy -- he point in order to Doc , vig , and Troy , who pick up he family photo button . archie gate that leave cappy outside . CUT to walter , outside the tent , practice block position . walter damn . freeze . do not pass . hold it , freeze . stop. freeze . CUT to vig his name be walter . archie gate do you good soldier present this map to Captain Van meter ? troy not yet . archie gate then I will take it to he . Troy stand and grab the map . troy we will take it to he . sir. archie gate it will not do either of we any good then , will it ? troy he 's we commander , sir . we would have to tell he you take it . both Troy and archie hold the map , stare at each other . everyone be tense . archie gate it could be nothing but a sandy love letter from one eye-raqi to another -- troy it 's a series of bunker near karbala . archie gate maybe . troy not maybe , definitely . recon photo match the map . archie gate May I look at the goddamn map ? Troy let go . archie hold the map up to the light . he then pour some of Doc 's rub alcohol on the map , and hold it to the light again . he put the map on the table , turn the light off and click on a infra-re flashlight he pull out . a completely different map appear in green marking . vig dag . archie gate that 's what make ranger badass , we get the best flashlight . they stare at the new map in the infrared glow , captivate . archie gate still look like a series of three bunker in three village . a bit farther to the west . doc seventy - five klick north . archie gate more like 65 . troy much closer to karbala . archie gate leave at dawn , back by lunch , not a big deal . of course -- he turn the overhead light back on . archie gate -- there could be nothing inside but starve Arabs and steal watch , but I think it 's worth check out , even if I have to do it with clueless reservist like you . they look at he . archie gate I mean , I could take the map , but you could talk , it start to become a pain in the ass for I , so we will do the gold together . doc what gold ? archie gate you do not even know what 's inside this bunker , do you ? vig rolex . archie gate rolex be swell , but I be talk about kuwaiti bullion . vig you mean the little cube you put in hot water for soup ? archie gate no . not the little cube you put in hot water for soup . troy gold brick . archie gate 5 kilo each , $ 50,000 in today 's market . vig for one gold brick ? archie gate I be sure Mr. Hussein have divide he brick . into many different hide place , but just one hide place should be easy to take , and that would be enough to get we out of we day job . unless the three king be in love with they day job . dolly : Troy , Doc , vig stare at archie . fantasy - ext . los angele - day silent - Troy walk in white shirtsleeve , dark tie , pull a cart with a salesman 's black case on it over a curb . fantasy - int . office silent - Troy kneel at a disassembled photocopier , tool and part all around he , open a bag of toner , which spill black dust all over he white shirt fantasy - int . kennedy airport silent - Doc be a red cap . he lift suitcase from the trunk of a black mercede while a rich white father ( mother and two small child behind ) tell he to be careful . fantasy - ext . MISSISSIPPI wood vig fire he pistol with fury at a series of stuff animal on log -- blow the stuff animal to smithereen . back to vig I do not really have a day job . troy what about the risk of take a humvee and all that -- archie gate we do this shit all the time . vig what else do you do , sir ? archie gate in Panama we go sailing in noriega 's boat . troy wow . archie gate in Vietnam , we get a big gold buddha , which we unfortunately drop in a swamp by accident . doc what about iraqi soldier ? archie gate let 's see . they have the shit bomb out they for two month , they be desert all over the place , and they have completely surrender to we . that 's a beat army in every sense of the word . he look at they . archie gate you be now under my command , salute -- they salute he . he straighten Troy 's salute . archie gate what 's the guy 's name outside ? troy walter . archie gate cappy . walter come in . archie gate you will take Bill smithson on a special mission to find the gold story , but it will be a meaningless ride that last all morning and take he nowhere near karbala , be that clear ? walter how be I gonna get out of the company ? archie gate you captain will be detain by a friend of mine . vig be it true you get to take a enemy ear to be special force ? archie gate no , but if you talk to anybody about this , I will kill you . vig smile fade as he look into archie 's cold stare . ext . desert camp - wide shot - dawn Three figure in fatigue crouch low to the ground as they run to a motorcycle and side car . walter kickstart the motorcycle . paco the cameraman sit behind walter with a video camera . walter 's face be paint beige and brown with camouflage spot , so be Bill smithson 's , as he crouch in the sidecar and dramatically give walter the thumb 's up . ext . van meter' tent - day Cathy daitch stand next to a cameraman filming Van meter while another man hold a boom over Van meter 's head . captain van meter how about if I lean on it , like this ? cathy daitch very dash . captain van meter do it look too pose ? cathy daitch would you ever stand like that ? Van meter try a couple of pose . captain van meter I think I might , Jesus , this feel stupid . cathy daitch you will get use to it . first question : do you dream as a boy you would be commanding a infantry company in a desert war ? captain van meter as a boy , I want to be either a veterinarian or a CIA sharpshooter -- ext . desert - moving humvee - morning bach 's gloria , from mass in B minor play as pow pow pow , vig fire he big pistol into the desert . doc pull . Troy throw a paint football into the desert . Doc fire the m - 16 and blow the ball to piece . archie drive and move he hand to the bach . the convertible humvee be load with weaponry and gear , a mount 60 mm machine gun , a Bart Simpson doll on the grill . the humvee roll into the vast desert , litter with burn out tank , black crater , overturn vehicle , no people . doc pull . Troy throw another ball , Doc blow it away . troy pull . Doc throw a football from the move humvee , Troy fire a pistol and miss the ball as it bounce to the desert . troy I give you a better arc , Doc . doc what be you talk about ? troy I throw the ball in a higher arc that be easier for you to hit . doc bullshit . vig black make better receiver than quarterback . troy stop speak right now , conrad . doc Warren Moon be a excellent quarterback . vig the oiler have go nowhere behind Warren Moon . doc randall cunningham . troy do not get down in the mud with he , Doc . vig the eagle will never get to the superbowl with he . archie move he hand to the bach . doc Doug Williams take the redskin to the superbowl and win , ok ? troy we can all agree there be many excellent black quarterback . Doc throw a ball . vig fire he giant pistol twice and miss . doc hit it , you sorry - ass cracker -- vig this gun 's too heavy to shoot one - hand like a movie star -- vig fire : blam , blam , bam . the humvee stop abruptly . archie gate shut the fuck up . they sit in embarrassed silence ; the joyous bach choir play . ext . desert day no more music . Troy , Doc , and vig stand spread apart . they wear white anti-gas suit and hold pistol and drink from plastic water bottle . a bomb crater be nearby , a wreck , burn truck to the side , a skinny cow meander . archie gate when we pull up to the bunker , the approach be something call violence of action , which be standard in special operation . it mean you movement be so fast and decisive that the guard be freeze and we have not fire a single shot . Troy kick at something in the sand -- and a decaye human arm spring out , attach to a body with a half - rotted face . troy shit . archie gate we drop a lot of bomb out here and we bury some guy alive -- vig what do you mean ? archie gate bradley with big plow cut through the berm and cover the trenches -- fantasy - a huge plow on the front of a Bradley push sand right toward the camera archie gate ( o.s. ) they have the option to surrender , but they choose to die for they country . dolly into five terrify Iraqis , eye open with fear , as the sand roll over they . back to the scene archie gate let 's rehearse . ext . desert - later they sit in the humvee and hold they pistol ready . archie gate we will say the cow be the primary guard outside the bunker . we pull up fast , and stop short . troy get it . archie gate and -- go. the cow stare as the humvee pull up to it fast . Troy and Doc jump out , pistol draw , flank the cow -- the cow step back , and explode . Troy and Doc stand splatter with cow entrail . the cow 's head land with a thud on the hood of the humvee . archie gate who 's hurt ? doc it 's all cow , I think . vig yeah , it 's all cow . he pick cow entrail off himself . doc they say this be sweep for mine . archie gate mine be forever , Doc . they never get all of them . troy ( low murmur ) ' if you could , help I Rhonda , help help I Rhonda -- ' archie watch Troy . archie gate do you guy see any action at all ? vig only night bombing on CNN , except for Troy 's supercool shoot that guy in the neck -- archie take vig 's big pistol and empties the shell and put they into he pocket . archie gate be sepsis cool ? vig what 's sepsis ? doc infection of the blood . archie gate as in septic tank , because that 's what happen when a bullet hit you . the lead tear in there -- fantasy - int . stomach muscle and tissue slow motion , a bullet pierce flesh , make a cavity -- archie gate ( o.s. ) make a cavity of dead tissue that close down in a convulsive motion typical of all gunshot wound . the cavity fill up with bile and bacteria and you be fuck . bile fluid fill the cavity . back to the scene archie gate but other than a wound that blind , paralyze , or castrate , the worst wound I have ever see be something call tension pneumo thorax -- doc I hear something about that -- vig tension pneumo what ? archie gate a bullet , or a blade do not kill you , but make a little hole in the lung , so every time you breathe , a little air leak into the chest cavity , which start to fill up like a balloon . and that balloon start to push you organ to the side , crush you lung , you liver , you heart . you own breathe kill you , one breath at a time -- kinda like a job you can not stand or a bad lie you once tell . doc that 's not fatal , they can stop it . archie gate if you know how to make another little hole in the chest to let the air out , just like you would with a overinflate tire . they look at archie , scared by this . troy can we play the Beach boy when we go in ? doc the goddamn Beach boy . troy I be not ashamed of like the Beach boy . it calm I down . better than mozart . archie gate bach . ext . desert - day - high wide shot ' I get around ' by the Beach boy blast as the humvee speed along . a big american flag flap in the breeze from a pole at the back of the hummer . the humvee drive fast into the central square of a small village of low , sand - color stucco building and shanties . vig drive as the humvee speed around the town square , zoom past scared Shiites in black robe , a few skinny dog , a few bewilder iraqi soldier . vig where 's the bunker ? archie gate it should be right -- he study the map and point to a decaye green building . archie gate there . vig jerk the wheel right . they drive fast . archie gate no -- there . archie point leave . vig jerk the wheel leave , drive straight toward a low cement building with two iraqi soldier in front . iraqi soldier look scared as the humvee drive up , like it 's go to hit they , and stop , flag flutter in the breeze . vig stand and speak into a megaphone . vig we be the Army of the United States of America . we be here to protect you . remain calm . Troy and Doc leap from the humvee with pistol draw and they free hand hold up in a ' halt ' sign . the two iraqi guard look stunne as Troy and Doc simply take they machine gun and put the Iraqis face down on the ground . Troy and Doc pull out plastic twist hand - cuff , as use in urban riot . archie bound forward hold up a thick white document . archie gate order from President Bush , step aside . Troy finish handcuff one of the iraqi soldier , as a gaunt mother , with a baby in she arm , open she blouse , revealing she small breast . other peasant gather . iraqi mother no milk . baby milk . Troy look shocked until archie suddenly push he past the iraqi mother and to the door of the bunker , which Doc hold . int . bunker - day five iraqi soldier look disorient and scared as they hold they hand up in the air . archie gate do not panic . step outside -- ext . bunker - day vig ( into the megaphone ) we be here for you protection and safety . iraqi woman and child kiss vig 's foot . the five iraqi soldier exit the bunker with they hand raise , and the starve shiite civilian spit and throw stone at they while ' I get around ' keep play . vig ya will be cool now , this be the U.S. Marines in charge here . int . stairwell - bunker archie run down the narrow stair of the bunker , follow by Troy and Doc . int . basement of bunker - day Doc lash a iraqi 's hand behind he back and cuff he . Troy shoot the door lock with he pistol . then back up and give it a run shoulder . the door do not budge . troy shit . he hold he shoulder in pain . archie kick the door repeatedly . Troy join he , it finally fly open . troy freeze . Troy be embrace by a iraqi soldier , about 25 . friendly iraqi I be love United States of freedom . I be hate Saddam . Troy try some karate move , jerk he elbow to dislodge the iraqi from the bear hug -- troy ya -- ya -- ha -- Doc point he pistol in the iraqi 's face . doc let he go . the iraqi throw he hand in the air . friendly iraqi no problem , my friend . archie go to a series of wooden crate the size of file cabinet , where Doc help archie take off he back pack . archie pull out a bolt cutter and a pneumatic see , both attach to a small air tank - and open the crate , which be fill with hundred of kuwaiti passport . friendly iraqi you look for the chemical weapon ? troy no . we look for the gold . they use the power tool to open the second crate -- also fill with hundred of passport . archie gate where 's the gold ? friendly iraqi they move the gold . archie pull out the infrared map and show it to the iraqi , who say nothing . doc kill he . archie gate not yet . troy kill he now . they point they gun . it 's a show . archie hold the map . archie gate where ? friendly iraqi ( point to map ) this bunker . I will take you . ext . bunker - day four new iraqi soldier , armed with rifle , run from the far side of the square and start shoot . 30 rock -throwing shiite scatter at the gunfire . two men fall to the ground as they be shot . child ma-maa . vig look terrify as the crowd scatter , leave he alone as he point he big unload pistol . the soldier point they rifle as they come towards vig , when suddenly two of they look to the side and shout . armed iraqi soldier ganan azwar ! pan to a shiny metal tanker truck three hundred yard out , bear down fast on the village square . the soldier open fire on the truck . int - the cab of the tanker truck the shiite riding shotgun fire back , as the windshield shatter on the truck . the driver be dead . the other shiite grab the wheel . back to the scene archie burst out the front door , follow by Troy and Doc . they freeze as -- the tanker truck careen sideways toward they , 50 foot away . a iraqi soldier fire a grenade - launcher off he shoulder which explode the container on the back of the truck -- milk explode everywhere , gush around the wheel of the humvee and the foot of archie and the other . shiite woman with plastic container and ceramic jug rush out from alley and try to scoop up the milk . other Shiites crowd the humvee and climb in . iraqi soldier drag two body from the cab of the truck . Troy and Doc point they gun in the crowd . archie gate move . out of the way . archie shove shiite peasant out of the humvee . shiite woman hos-pital . she hold a shirtless boy of 7 with a bandage around he entire chest . Doc push she off the humvee . shiite man America help . he grab archie . Troy shove the man off the vehicle . vig start the engine . archie gate give they mre 's . Troy rip open a large duffel and start hand out Army meal ration to the crowd -- vig lean on the horn . the friendly iraqi jump into the rear of the hummer as it start to pull away . archie shove the friendly iraqi out , and he land on he ass in the swarm of chase Shiites . archie and Troy look back at the debacle as they pull away . ext . desert marsh - day rage oil fire , 50 foot high -- billow black smoke . walter drive the motorcycle through the smoke . paco the cameraman sit on back . Bill smithson sit in the sidecar . bill smithson this be boring , I already do this damn story , goddamn it , where the hell be the gold ? walter how about rare pelican migration out by the marsh ? bill smithson what ? walter this brave pelican be migrate in spite of massive pollution -- bill smithson fuck that . stop the bike . walter keep drive . ext . desert - day Doc get out of the stop humvee , shake , and walk around . doc I be all right , I be cool . he lie down and breathes heavily with a hand on he chest . archie get out and walk around , agitate , clearly upset . archie gate what be the art of war , because it be not for kill people , it 's a stratagem to give life to many by kill the evil perpetrate by a few -- I be burn up in this goddamn suit -- he angrily take off he gas suit ; boxer and sweat - drench green T-shirt underneath . Troy and vig guzzle water . archie gate discriminate use of violence as a last resort , and even then , carefully , surgically , that 's what I learn , that 's what I be good at . but now they underestimate all this , bomb the same town for six week and still leave the scumbag dictator to starve and butcher he own people . the other , all drench in sweat , take off they gas suit . troy ( agitate ) I do not even know what happen back there . civilian be spitting on they own soldier ; the soldier be shoot the civilian and ignore we -- doc they already surrender to we . now they be after Shiites . vig what exactly be a shiite ? archie gate they make up the ethnic majority but they do not have any power . when Bush pull we out , he tell they to start a civil war to bring Saddam down , and now they be get waste . vig ( totally puzzle ) the civil war ? how could it be the civil war ? fantasy - stock footage : union soldier fight dixie rebel back to the scene vig look puzzle . troy it 's a war inside the same country , conrad . that 's a civil war . archie chuck each of they marine uniform without name tag which everyone put on , except Troy . archie gate put this on , we be now U.S. Marines . troy I can not do this , ok ? because I have get a family and if I shit in a bag the rest of my life cuz I get shot after the war 's already over that would be pretty fuck stupid , would not it ? archie gate what be the most important thing in life ? troy what the fuck be you talk about ? archie gate what be it ? troy do you hear anything I say . vig respect be the most important . archie gate too dependent on other people . doc money . archie gate come and go , man . troy what be this bullshit ? doc what 's the most important thing ? archie gate necessity . that 's what dictate what will happen at any give time in life . necessity say we do not spend american life take out Saddam , which leave Saddam the necessity of take out the Shiites so he can stay in power , which leave we to take the gold . troy we could have be shot . archie gate do you notice they do not touch we ? we decimate they entire country . they be scared shitless of we . [ look at he watch ] there 's time to try another bunker . I say we go . doc let 's do it . vig rock and roll . troy ok . and I will be wear fashionable kevlar . as a necessity . he pull a vest out of the humvee . ext . marsh the motorcycle be stop by the marsh . siberian pelican fly all around . many lie dead on the ground . Bill smithson pace with a cell phone . bill smithson ( on cell phone ) I be at some goddamn marsh , all we have see be Russian crane . walter pelican . bill smithson ( on the cell phone ) I think the Saddam story go more for the jugular , journalistically speak , al. let 's grow some ball and do the shiite uprising , for Christ 's sake . Bill smithson close the cell phone . bill smithson we be go north to do the Shiites . walter I think the gold be the hot spot . bill smithson karbala 's the new hotspot , and I be drive . walter military regulation , you cannot drive . smithson mount the bike . the cameraman sit on back . walter point he pistol at smithson . walter get off the vehicle , sir . smithson start the bike . walter do not make I shoot you , sir . the bike pull out , leave he behind . he run after the bike and jump into the side car . ext . company B camp - day Captain Van meter stroll , handle a m- 16 . captain van meter the m - 16 be the basic weapon of the infantry . during Vietnam , it be fully automatic . general horn ( o.s. ) Doug ? captain van meter yes , General . general horn what the fuck be you do ? captain van meter well , I be give a interview to CBS . general horn do you have authorization ? Van meter pull out a fold paper and give it to the general , who look at it . general horn no . captain van meter no ? general horn who give you this ? captain van meter Major Gates . general horn archie Gates give you this ? Jesus Christ , Doug , come with I . captain van meter I do not get to do the interview ? general horn no , you do not get to do the interview . ext . desert - day archie gate faster . bach 's ' gloria ' play loud as vig drive and archie stare straight ahead as the humvee pick up speed . ext . another village outside karbala - day the hummer zip into a bigger village piazza with a old fortress at one end , and race straight to the entrance to a underground bunker in the middle of the piazza . archie gate ( into the megaphone ) United States Marine Corps . put you weapon down . Troy and Doc leap out , hold pistol out at arm 's length as they accost two iraqi soldier point rifle at they . troy Drop you weapon . doc put it down . Troy and Doc shove the two Iraqis face down in the dirt and cuff they hand behind they back . vig do not make I smoke you ass , Abdul . int . second iraqi bunker - day archie run down a narrow cement corridor , pistol hold at arm 's length , white document in the other hand ; follow by Troy and Doc , pistol draw . a iraqi soldier step into the corridor at the far end , see archie come , look terrify , and run back . archie and Troy run right past the scared iraqi . Doc come third , slamm the iraqi face down and cuffing he . archie kick a door open and go in , follow by Troy . int . inner room , second iraqi bunker - day archie and Troy burst in , point they gun aggressively . troy freeze . a large room ; wall line with shelf full of brand new appliance : blender , cuisinart , CD player , small tvs . a huge portrait of Saddam Hussein cover one wall . a television play a rerun of ' happy day ' in Arabic . another tv : CNN 's first report of the rodney King beat . a iraqi captain sit in a chair in front of the tvs . two iraqis sit load rifle . two other sit at a radio . they all jump to they foot when archie burst in , except for the officer watch ' happy day ' and CNN .. archie gate by order of the cease - fire sign in safwan , March 3 , the United States Marines hereby confiscate all material steal by Iraq from the emirate of Kuwait -- one of the rifle-loading Iraqis try to run . Troy head he off with he pistol -- troy down . the other rifle- loader stand look scared . iraqi rifle - loader isnam panan fatwa aznir -- whip pan to Doc , who turn the shortwave radio off , push the two iraqis to the ground . one go peacefully , the other resist ; Doc smack he in the side of the head with he pistol , which fire accidentally . everyone grab they head and duck -- except archie . archie gate never hit anyone with you pistol , Doc . doc sorry about that . archie be offer a cuisinart by the iraqi Captain . iraqi captain for wife . archie gate I have be divorced three time . Troy have one rifle iraqi on the ground , but the second be on he knee , put a CD into a mini-stereo . rifle iraqi # 2 newest and best . troy no , newest and best have better noise reduction . the iraqi look puzzle . troy less distortion . get down on the floor , ok ? he push the man face down , cuff he hand . olivia Newton - John 's " I wanna get physical " plays . troy this be bad music , understand ? it 's bad for you . doc ( o.s. ) hey -- whip pan to the resistant iraqi struggle to break away and Doc punch he in the head twice , the iraqi start cry . archie gate ( to iraqi Captain ) where 's the gold , Captain ? tell we so we do not have to kill you . troy there 's another room over here . pan to Troy point to a narrow door in a corner of the room . archie kick it open . int . inner room - day a bound , naked shiite man in glass , clean shaven , sit on the floor in a five foot square shallow metal box , four inch deep , fill with water . there be a electric cable go into the water . the naked shiite in glass shake . Troy watch archie walk over and yank the cable out . iraqi sargeant I be just do my job , buddy . archie pause , then give the sargeant a backhand that send he fly to the corner . archie step on the man 's wrist , take the pistol out of he hand . Troy watch . archie turn and see ten shiite across the room : 3 men , 3 women , 4 child . the man and woman be bound and gag . archie step toward the Shiites , but the interrogator , 35 , also a captain , step in he way . interrogator this shiite . Iraq problem . United States be out now . archie stare at the interrogator with contempt . interrogator we take they outside , so it do not bother you , ok , sir ? kata fanam . the disarm iraqi sargeant nods and open a small rear door and push the Shiites out . archie walk back to the main room and point he pistol in the Captain 's face . archie gate take we to the basement . ext . front of bunker two - day vig keep the two cuffed iraqi guard on the ground at gun point as 15 shiite with crude club and sling shot encircle . one of the Shiites shoot a rock from the slingshot and nail a handcuff iraqi in the back of the head . vig do not start this shit again . the Shiites back away as vig motion with he big pistol . vig I know ya will shiite gettin ' yer ass whipped -- hey , what the hell be go on here ? pan to the ten Shiites , and the naked man with glass , who be get dress , exite the side of the bunker , ushere by the unarm iraqi sargeant . vig git on the fuck ground , arab . iraqi sargeant prisoner stay . gabar matan . vig what the fuck be you talk about ? suddenly a shiite woman run up to the torture shiite man with glass and embrace he , sobbing . a little girl with dirty cast on both break arm run up and hug he leg . the bound shiite prisoner start to walk away from the bunker , and the unarm sargeant have a fit . iraqi sargeant kinam vanir ! vanir ! he chase the prisoner , push they back . the free Shiites shoot rock and club he . vig goddamn it everybody calm down . int . bunker number two - day archie run down several narrow set of cement stair , follow by the interrogator , the other iraqi Captain , Troy , and doc. ( subtitled in english ) iraqi captain it 's my ass , donkey dick , Saddam will shoot I dead . interrogator Saddam worry more about the shiite than the gold . ext . bunker - day the shiite crowd curse and spit on the iraqi soldier . the sargeant be beat . suddenly a iraqi armored truck with a mount machine gun race up and seven iraqi soldier pour out swinging club , follow by a iraqi major , about 45 . the iraqi soldier savagely beat the Shiites . vig look horrify as he watch . two soldier grab the woman from the man with glass , and drag she into a circle with three other soldier ; the ten year - old girl with dirty cast on both arm , scream and punch at they . the man with glass be hold down at knife point . vig ( into the megaphone ) this be the United States military . the iraqi Major glance over at vig , but the soldier do not stop brutalize the Shiites -- they round up eight more Shiites and make they lay face down . int . basement Troy and Doc disarm two guard outside a door in the basement . archie go through the door , follow by the iraqi interrogator and Captain . int . room of bunker 2 - day Bright white cement , many overhead light and a high ceiling . empty but for 15 brand new , jumbo-sized Louis vuitton suitcase stand neatly in a row in the center of the room . archie stand look at the suitcase with Troy and Doc . several of the big vuitton suitcase be laid on they side by archie , Troy and Doc . the iraqi Captain pace frantically punch and kick the wall and talk ( subtitled in english ) . iraqi captain it 's Saddam 's gold . interrogator shut up , he sign the treaty . the suitcase be quickly unzip . one suitcase be full of gleam antique silverware . one suitcase be full of jewelry . archie open one full of hundred of gold cartier watch . Troy and Doc slip a handful of jewelry into they pocket . the iraqi Captain go nut , throw himself on Doc 's back , choke Doc , who flail about . Troy punch the iraqi in the head and rip he off Doc . archie put he pistol in the man 's face . archie gate listen to I : we leave you alone to kill you Shiites , but everything you take from Kuwait , that belong to we now , understand ? he turn to doc. archie gate put it back . doc why ? archie gate stick to the plan . the plan be for gold . Doc and Troy , out of breath , empty they pocket of jewelry . archie open another vuitton suitcase and push it aside - it 's full of kuwaiti passport . when Doc open the next suitcase , he freeze . archie look over and freeze . Troy close cuff behind the Captain 's back and look over he shoulder -- wide -ey . the very large vuitton suitcase be fill with five - kilo brick of gold . they all stare . Troy pick one up . troy be this five kilo ? archie hold another brick . archie gate yeah , that 's five kilo . troy five , six , seven , eight , there 's sixty brick in this suitcase . doc Times 50 k each -- troy Three million dollar . archie open another large vuitton suitcase , and it be also fill with sixty bar . Troy open another suitcase , there 's another sixty bar . Doc open another , another sixty bar . they frantically check all of the suitcase . the handcuff Captain be cry . archie gate ten suitcase ; sixty brick each . that 's thirty million dollar . archie , Doc and Troy look at each other in shock . with effort , Doc and Troy help archie pick up the heavy , jumbo-sized suitcase sideways , like a table top . troy I be gonna get a fleet of Lexus convertible in different color . doc I tell you Lexus do not make a convertible . troy I will bet you a Lexus they do . doc ok , you be on for a Lexus , but it will not be a convertible . suddenly the suitcase rip apart and gold bar fall to the floor ; one land on Troy 's foot . he jump in pain . troy shit . archie , Troy , and Doc hoist another suitcase sideways and the brick rip through and fall to the floor -- archie gate they do not get it here in this bag . doc the tensilary strength go to 200 pound . troy the what ? doc tensilary strength , it 's what the suitcase can hold . archie gate why would you know that ? troy he work at a airport . doc 60 bar , 13 pound each be like -- 800 pound . the smaller vuitton handle 65 . archie gate you get any more luggage here ? the interrogator look at he . int . bunker basement - later 120 small , round , vuitton overnight bag , laid out and open , cover the entire floor of the basement . Troy and Doc finish put 5 bar in each bag . archie pace , sweat , speedy like he 's on cocaine . archie gate it 's crazy to take it all , we be not prepare for it . it 's crazy not to take it all , how can we leave it ? Troy and Doc look nervous . troy what 's the shipping plan ? archie gate I tell you that 's handle . troy how be it handle ? you have to tell we now . doc yeah , tell we now . archie gate ( pace ) I have get a friend , he 's in french special force . he 's gonna put it in barrel fill with oil and bury it . in a few week , he will drive it to yanbu -- troy where 's yanbu ? archie gate it 's a port in Saudi . silent fantasy havichon talk to a egyptian man in lacoste sportswear archie gate ( o.s. ) where another friend will ship it on a turkish boat up the Red Sea to perpignan , where a french boat will take it to Baltimore -- back to the scene troy I do not know about get they to Baltimore , but this hat box be not gonna fit in the humvee . archie gate we need a trailer . troy ok , I will call U - haul in karbala to see what they have on the lot today . archie gate see what you can get , barlow . int . narrow cement staircase of bunker Troy run up the stair . ext . bunker - day Troy run out the front door . troy conrad , we need a trailer -- the iraqi Major stare coldly at Troy . Troy stare at the two soldier beat Shiites ; five other cluster around the woman on the ground . vig do you get it ? Troy , do you get it ? troy yeah , we get it . vig be it a lot ? troy yeah , it 's a lot . later Troy and vig untangle , with difficulty , a ox cart from a messy pile of old ox cart against a bomb out building . Troy look troubled -- troy ( under he breath ) ' Little deuce coupe with a fiat head mill , she will walk a thunderbird like it 's standin ' still -- ' close up a shiite man be smashed in the face with a club . close up troy pull a heavy chain from the humvee . troy ' she will do a hundred and forty with the top end floor -- ' the Little girl with arm cast be scream while she father , the man in glass , try to hold she . Troy and vig quickly chain the ox cart to the humvee . troy ' she 's my little deuce coupe -- ' int . narrow cement staircase of bunker archie , Doc , the interrogator run up carry vuitton case . int . upstair room of bunker - day they hurry past the huge poster of Saddam , the tvs play ' happy day ' and rodney King , the many shelf of stereo , etc. , and past the soldier lie face down , handcuff . ext . bunker number two - day archie , Doc , and the interrogator charge out of the bunker with vuitton luggage and put it onto the ox cart Troy have rig . archie and Doc stop and stare in shock -- Soldiers 6 &amp ; 7 drag and beat Shiites ; 5 wounded man and woman lie on the ground bleed . a cuffed iraqi Guard kneel with a bleed head . five soldier continue to encircle someone ( the shiite woman ) . the man in glass and the Little girl pray in arabic as they bow on the ground . Troy and vig stare back at archie , look tense . the iraqi Major greet the interrogator warmly and they embrace . then the Major salute archie . iraqi major you take the kuwaiti gold , yes ? archie gate we take the kuwaiti gold . yes . iraqi major Saddam can not keep . archie gate no , Saddam can not keep . iraqi major Saddam have too many problem today . archie gate he certainly do . Shiites run past throw rock at iraqi soldier 6 &amp ; 7 who tackle and pummel they to the ground . iraqi major you need help to load ? archie gate we can do it ourselves . the Major turn and shout -- iraqi major hazal jarat finan . Iraqis 6 &amp ; 7 jog over . the soldier be out of breath . iraqi major this man help you . interrogator you go away fast from this bullshit . archie look at one soldier 's hand . close up : blood on the iraqi soldier 's knuckle and wrist . pan up to the face of the iraqi soldier . archie gate let 's load up and get out of here . int . stairwell iraqi Soldiers 6 &amp ; 7 carry suitcase up the narrow stair . ext . bunker number two - day luggage be load into the humvee and the cart while Troy direct Iraqis 6 &amp ; 7 ; Doc and vig help . troy Lay that one flat ; ok , sideways -- archie gate this be not gonna work . troy sure it be -- the cart collapse from the weight into a pile of break wood . the vuitton bag roll onto the debris-clutter ground , one go through a pool of blood . Doc pick the case up . iraqi major you need a truck . archie gate we will rig two cart . troy let 's take the truck . archie gate we be not take they truck . troy why not ? iraqi major we cooperate with peace accord . please take truck . troy let 's take the truck . archie look vaguely disgust . Troy back the truck up . vuitton hat case be load into the back of the truck , which be completely full . archie sit behind the wheel of the humvee . vig sit next to he . archie start the engine . iraqi 6 tap on the door of the humvee by way of say goodbye . archie nod . the iraqi Major point to the shiite woman . iraqi major nazaran yafit haisul . archie watch as Iraqis 6 &amp ; 7 walk directly to the circle of soldier around the woman -- it be now clear she have be rape . they pull she from the group , they stand the woman in a open area and shoot she dead . Troy jerk slightly in he seat and turn away . Doc stare . archie bow he head to the steering wheel and lean there for a second as vig look wide - eye at the dead woman . the girl in arm cast scream . she be grab by the hair and pull away by a iraqi soldier , but the man in glass punch he and take the girl . the soldier chase they with a knife and jab at the man , cut he , but not lethally . archie get out of the humvee and slam the door , walk slowly toward the iraqi soldier . archie gate this have to stop . the Iraqis look at he . the soldier with the knife continue to slash the man in glass . interrogator you get you ass kick in a war , it feel good to be strong again . archie gate what do you say ? iraqi major you go now , please . he salute archie . archie gate I do not think so . I be sure you know about the geneva Convention , right ? interrogator geneva convention ? you bomb my house , man . iraqi major that shiite man be leader of uprising . he kill my man . troy archie , let 's stick to the plan , sir . the plan be for gold , right ? doc we can help they first , then be on we way . troy no , we can not . it 's not what we be here for . archie gate how much ? iraqi major what ? archie gate how much gold do you want to let this people come with we ? the iraqi Major smile . the interrogator laugh . interrogator cannot do . archie gate what do you mean , cannot do ? I be offer you a lot of money . the iraqi Major continue smile . iraqi major cannot let shiite go -- interrogator Saddam kill we . iraqi major Saddam kill to I if we let they go , ok ? now you go . archie gate cover I . troy Jesus Christ , we can not save everybody . archie gate be you listen ? I say cover I . Troy and Doc stare at archie , then Troy get out of the truck , Doc get out of the humvee , and they nervously point they pistol . Troy point he gun at iraqi 6 , who have come forward with a rifle ; Doc point at iraqi 7 , who have also come forward . to the rear , iraqi 6 stand with a rifle , near Iraqis 2,3 , 4 and the sargeant stand over the eight prone shiite prisoner lay face down . vig nervously sit for a moment , then jump to he foot and man the mount machine gun in the rear of the hummer . archie gate no unnecessary shot , conrad , be that clear ? vig yes , sir . archie gate because we know what bullet do to vital organ , do not we ? vig make infect pocket fill with bile , sir . archie gate that 's right , that 's what they do . Troy , Doc , vig watch with trepidation as archie walk toward the soldier slashing the man in glass , who carry the girl . archie reach over and grab the slasher 's wrist , pull the blade away from the man 's body . he hold the soldier 's wrist up . the soldier grab for archie 's throat with he free hand , but archie grab this hand and twist it away , put the iraqi into a choke hold . the soldier drop the knife in the dirt . the bloody man in glass collapse to the ground , clutching the Little girl in arm cast . Troy , Doc , vig point they gun . the iraqi Major be piss . archie sweep the soldier 's foot out , pin the soldier face down on the ground , and throw the soldier 's gun away . archie help the shiite man in glass to he foot , take the girl , and walk they over to the humvee . two shiite prisoner try to stand up , the iraqi guard kick they back down . iraqi major ( piss ) u.s.a. be out of shiite war . the iraqi Major raise he machine gun as he stand next to the humvee , but archie grab the barrel and hold it down . archie gate no shoot . Troy look scared as he point he pistol at the iraqi soldier , who point they rifle back at Troy and Doc . CUT back to the Major pause , then smashes the barrel of he machine gun , with archie 's hand , against the humvee . archie wince , but do not let go . the Major do it again , smash archie 's hand . archie wince , do not let go . the Major try to jerk the barrel up , but archie push it down , and it fire by accident , into the Major 's leg . the Major howl with pain . blood dribble out the bottom of he pants leg like piss . Troy cover iraqi 6 with he rifle . troy what 's happen ? archie gate Accident . stay cool . vig nervously swing the mount machine gun from one iraqi in the rear to another , but do not shoot . iraqi soldier point they rifle at the Americans . angle on troy troy no . whip pan to iraqi 6 jerk he rifle toward archie and fire . the sound cut out . slightly slow motion : whip pan from iraqi rifle to archie . the only SOUND be the bullet piercing the flesh of archie 's lower leave arm and tear he muscle as it pass through . archie grimace violently in pain . slightly slow motion : Troy fire he pistol . no SOUND except for the slow motion SOUND of the bullet exploding . slow motion : the bullet tear through iraqi 6's chest . the only SOUND be the iraqi' heartbeat , the bullet tear flesh and crush bone , and the heartbeat stop with a violent splash . iraqi 6 fall to the ground with only a dull thud and the slow clank of he gear . regular speed : vig swing the mount machine gun from one iraqi to another , but still do not shoot . he look terrify as he thumb twitch on the triggers . iraqi 7 fire twice . slightly slow motion : a bullet tear into Troy 's chest with a dull SNAP . he wince in pain . pan to the windshield of the humvee shatter behind Doc ; he turn and fire he pistol . pan to -- slightly slow motion : no SOUND except the bullet tearing into iraqi 7's knee , smash through bone . he fall to the ground clutching he leg . slightly slow motion : vig swing the mount machine gun and fire . no SOUND but the slow crack of the red tracer bullet exploding from the gun . slow motion : tracer bullet slice across the face of iraqi 5 and iraqi 2 in the rear , no SOUND but the bullet breaking through bone and flesh . slow motion : archie jam he pistol under the Major 's chin and fire -- the only SOUND be the . slow explosion of the gun , and the slow tear of tissue , end with a sharp SNAP as the tissue , bone , and the bullet crack out the top of the iraqi Major 's head . high angle looking down -- replay of entire shoot out at regular speed . ending on the wide - eye Little girl with she hand in she mouth , stare . another angle -- replay of entire shoot out at regular speed . ending on Troy wince as he hold he chest . the dead iraqi Major lie face down in sand with eye open ; the interrogator hold he hand and weep . archie 's lightly blood - fleck face stare down at the dead Major , cloud pass overhead . Dead iraqi 6 lie with leg twisted under he body . a rivulet of blood trickle through the sand . a spider run across it and get stick . low angle up at Doc , stone still , stare straight ahead as cloud pass slowly above he in the sky . vig nervously swing the mount machine gun back and forth . Troy , drench in sweat , look pain as he unbutton he shirt : there 's a gunshot in he kevlar vest . the slug drop out of the dent , into he hand -- he exhales . Iraqis 2 , 3 , 4 , and the sargeant , throw they hand up in surrender and drop they weapon . Big iraqi 2 walk toward the humvee in surrender , and bow down . archie point . archie gate cover this three . vig swing the mount machine gun toward the three remain iraqi soldier who stand over eight terrify Shiites . archie gate doc. Doc follow archie over to the three iraqi soldier . doc down . the soldier get on they knee , plead for mercy . iraqi soldier kazal stan hamir in fatar . Doc take the iraqi soldier ' gun and push they down . archie gate put the Shiites in the humvee . troy there 's no room . archie gate make room . troy what the fuck happen to necessity ? archie gate it just change . troy not for I . Shiites and iraqi soldier watch the debate nervously . archie gate obey the fuck order , barlow . troy this be fuck up . Doc point to the Shiites . doc what if that be you ? Troy display the gunshot in the kevlar . troy what if this be you not wear kevlar ? suddenly , the SOUND of a approaching tank . they turn . a tank roll toward they fast , down a narrow side street , follow by a truck with a rocket launcher . troy great , a fuck tank . that should send we on we way . vig grenade launcher , sir . vig struggle to lift the grenade launcher . archie gate no . let 's get out of here . troy it 's about fuck time . Troy jump into the luggage - pack truck , start the engine . vig start the humvee ; archie jump in next to vig . pan to the eight Shiites , plus the man in glass and the Little girl , jam into the crowded humvee . Doc jump in . the tank approach . the humvee pull away . the tank roll in from the side , but the tank turret whine and click , stick in place . a iraqi pop out the top of the tank . tank iraqi hazal mafan . he gesture to the whining , stick , turret . another iraqi try push the turret . the truck with the small rocket launcher pull up . int . / ext . humvee as it bounce along fast . archie be in pain while Doc pour disinfectant over archie 's gunshot wound in he lower leave arm , and wrap it . vig look terrify as he drive . int . truck Troy , drive alone , speed the truck as fast as it will go , bounce along the road . troy we be home free , you stupid son of a bitch . wide aerial shot the truck be 60 yard behind the humvee archie gate ( o.s. ) what 's the tank do ? Pov through Doc 's jiggling binocular of the tank turn . doc ( o.s. ) line we up -- back to the scene vig push the humvee 's accelerator to the floor . the shiite man in glass and he Little girl cling to the humvee as they sit on top of the vuitton hat case with eight other Shiites , include two five year old , a boy and girl . ext . bunker number two - day two iraqi soldier take a thin rocket , four foot long , and load a clear plastic canister of brown fluid into it . a gunshot ring out , a soldier be hit in the arm . whip pan to a shiite boy with a old rifle in the third floor window of a small stone building . Iraqis shout and point at the sniper . the tank turn to the building . ext . desert - day the humvee drive fast over the bumpy two - lane road . ext . bunker number two - day the tank fire a round at the building which collapse . int . shiite build - day a shiite mother , father , and two child pray at a crude table when the ceiling collapse . ext . bunker number two - day the iraqi soldier fire the rocket launcher . doc ( o.s. ) incoming . ext . desert - day vig turn the speed humvee off the road . archie jerk the wheel back . archie gate stay on the road . vig I do not wanna get hit . slow motion : Doc look straight up with the binocular . slow motion : a rocket streak a squiggly white line of smoke across the sky . rear of humvee , slow motion : half the Shiites hunch down , brace for a explosion while the other half crane they neck , look straight up into the sky . they cower when there be a explosion above . pan up to - regular speed : the rocket explode in the sky a hundred yard above the humvee -- into a brown cloud . doc Gas . Troy lean out the window of the move truck and squint up at the brown gas cloud above as he drive fast . archie and Doc grapple to put on they gas mask . vig reach around behind he for he mask as he drive . vig where 's my mask ? he accidentally veer off the road into the open desert . zoom in to a field of mine sit right on top of the sand , 20 yard ahead . [ iraqi mine be often place this way ] zoom in on archie 's alarmed face archie gate mine . archie dive from the humvee follow by vig , Doc , the man in glass hold the Little girl , the other Shiites , include the two five Year old . the hummer drive ten yard , hit the first mine with a explosion and fly into the air -- int . truck driven by troy Flying debris smashes the windshield . Troy instinctively jerk the wheel and the truck flip onto its side and slide across the sand . ext . minefield the airborne humvee land on its side , hit another mine , be blow into the air , land on its back , and be blow to piece . Troy sit sideways as the truck slide across the sand to a halt inch before a mine , 30 yard behind the wreck humvee . silence . a wheel on the wreck humvee spin in the air , squeaking . Louis vuitton suitcase be scattered all over . one have open and the gold bar be spill around . Shiites stagger to they foot , some cut and bleed , some limping . they cover they face with they clothes as the dense brown fog descend around they . vig 's right eye have take shrapnel and be bloody mess -- he grope in the sand for he glass as blood drip down . archie put he gas mask on the Little girl with arm cast . Doc take he mask off when he see what archie have do and give it to the shiite man in glass . Doc pick up vig 's glass and hand they to vig , who stand , blink he one good eye , while blood stream down he face . doc cover you face , conrad . cover you mouth , man . vig be in shock . Doc lift vig 's bloody hand to vig 's mouth . unseen in the fog , Troy climb out of the overturn truck . he pick up two vuitton hat case , look up , see the two little child from the humvee , run across a mine field scream . troy hey . stop. Troy stand watch as the child run farther away , cry . troy goddamn it . he run , hard , after the child , who be now 70 yard away , the vuitton hat case bang against he leg . Doc pull a syringe from a sterile packet , be about to stick it into he leg when archie grab he hand . archie gate do not do it , this be not sarin . we would be dead by now . doc be it mustard ? archie gate it 's C.S. doc what 's that ? archie gate tear gas time ten , but it 's not lethal . where 's barlow ? doc I do not know . ext . desert - minefield Troy chase the child through the brown fog , he drop one of the suitcase , catch up to the girl and scoops she up in he leave arm and cover she face with she coat . troy's Pov as he run between land mine after the Boy , who be way ahead . back to the scene Troy drop the other vuitton bag , catch the Boy and have both child under he arm like football -- when suddenly Troy be grab from behind with a cord around he neck -- he land on he back with the two child in he arm . troy's Pov looking up the iraqi interrogator , wear a gas mask , kick Troy in the head . the scream Children be tear from Troy 's arm by iraqi soldier . Troy reach for he pistol and it be rip from he hand as he be drag to a iraqi jeep . ext . desert - near archie and doc archie gate do anybody see barlow ? archie and Doc circle through the thick haze carry a vuitton hat case and cover they mouth and nose . doc I can not even see the truck . about five Shiites wander around , confuse . vig look out . archie spin around , drop the bag and point he pistol . two black robed figure pick up vuitton hat case . archie gate do not move . a Black robe figure walk right past archie , take a scared shiite man by the arm and lead he to the side . more black cloak figure appear . there be thirty in all . archie , Doc , and vig look disorient , point they pistol around as black robe appear and lead the Shiites away . vig what 's go on ? the robe lead the Shiites to a 4 foot high tunnel entrance in a mound of desert earth and disappear into it . vig stand and rub he one good eye . Doc grab vig by the arm and pull he back toward the tunnel . doc get in the tunnel . vig jerk he arm away . vig Troy . Doc grab vig . doc you be gonna die . vig punch Doc in the side of the head . Doc punch vig in the stomach . they fall to the ground , fight . archie search for Troy in the brown haze . archie gate barlow . two black - robe figure pull vig off Doc and drag he to the tunnel . another robe figure pull Doc to the tunnel . archie walk , look for Troy , choke , vomit into the sand . a black robe figure take he by the arm and pull he back to the tunnel , where they disappear inside . int . tunnel - day Chaos . people choke and vomit . gas lantern swing . the tunnel be 6 foot tall . bucket be pass , fill with oile rag that people use to wipe they face . archie take a drip rag and wipe he eye , nose , mouth . vig we have to go back . we can not leave he there . vig 's mutilate right eye be bleed . archie gate we have to wait until it clear . vig you make the choice and we lose Troy -- archie gate I have no choice . vig you have a choice . archie gate I have no fuck choice . he scream at vig , who look scared . archie gate I can not walk away from a crime like that and take the gold and live my life like nothing happen , and if you can , then I hope you die right now . vig start cry . Doc hand a bandage to archie , who put it over vig 's wounded eye socket . vig what about Troy ? what choice do he have now ? pan across the man in glass wipe he daughter 's face . ext . oasis bunker - day iraqi soldier strip Troy 's clothes as he stand in front of Oasis bunker surround only by fortress ruin in the desert . the iraqi interrogator pull off he gas mask . two iraqi tank be park to the side . small number of soldier and civilian mill about . iraqi soldier ( subtitles ) can we shoot he ? iraqi soldier # 2 ( subtitles ) we be not even suppose to have american prisoner . interrogator ( subtitles ) he 's proof they break the cease - fire . a gun shot ring out . the Iraqis turn to look . interrogator they be take the tank . pan to 7 Shiites with rifle climb the unmanned iraqi tank . 4 iraqi soldier FIRE back at the Shiites . Troy , naked , try to break away in the chaos . he run a few foot , be tackle and drag toward the bunker . ext . far side of the tank Bill smithson drive the motorcycle up and stop . bill smithson start shoot , paco . walter I do not like this , we gotta go -- iraqi soldier pull they off the motorcycle . walter hey . bill smithson let I handle this . int . narrow corridor of oasis bunker Troy be lead , naked , down the corridor by two soldier . ext . oasis bunker - day Shiites rebel sit on top of the capture tank with rifle as it drive toward the bunker . iraqi soldier FIRE on they , but the turret aim at the bunker and fire -- blast a hole . int . bunker - crude cement bathroom - day Troy be throw onto the floor of a cluttere cement bathroom with two crude toilet . his clothes be throw on top of he . iraqi soldier get dress . troy ok . iraqi soldier get dress . troy I say ok . the door be slam . stolen blender , radio , CD , stack of new Levis litter the floor . Troy kick all the crap angrily and hundred of cell phone tumble from a box . Troy look at the pile of cell phone , pick one up , try it for a dial tone , drop it , try another , until he get one that give he a tone and dial . operator ( o.s. ) jalam nafad . Troy look stunne . troy ( into the cell phone ) um . do you speak English ? operator ( o.s. ) ( british accent ) yes . troy ( into cell phone ) can you -- I need -- he frantically push stuff on the floor to block the door . operator ( o.s. ) what number , please . troy operation Desert Storm . operator ( o.s. ) I be sorry ? troy the big army in the desert , come on , it 's a emergency . operator ( o.s. ) I do not have that number . troy maybe you could -- hello ? the phone be dead . troy fuck . he throw it to the ground , try another , no dial tone , throw it , try another , no dial tone , throw it . troy come on , come on , come on . he try another , chuck it , another , get a dial tone , dial , and wait . Troy dial a number . he wait while the phone ring . int . troy's home - torrance , cal .- night darlene , Troy 's wife , tired from the pregnancy , pick up the ringing telephone . she have a cry baby in she arm . intercut with bunker : darlene ( Southern accent ) hello ? troy honey , it 's I . darlene Troy ? troy it 's I , honey . darlene my God , the baby 's cry . troy I can hear she . darlene that 's we little krystal . troy how 's she do ? darlene she have not be sleep good , and mamma have to go back to work , so I be real , real tired , baby . troy I wish I be there to help , gooney - bird . darlene oh , gooney - bird , when be you come home ? troy I be work on that right now , baby . darlene I see a ad for a computer job . you want I to call and set up a interview for my war hero ? troy listen , honey -- darlene what date be you come home ? troy they have not give we a exact date yet . listen -- darlene I be henpeck you . troy no , you be not . darlene I be lonely and tired and most of all , I miss you . troy I miss you , too . FIRE and concrete explode into one wall of the bathroom . darlene what be that ? troy the wall just explode . darlene I think the war be over , honey . troy it be and it be not , babe . can you do I a favor and call the c.o. on base ? darlene you want I to call the c.o.? troy tell he I be stick in a bunker near 223 north outside karbala -- darlene what do you mean ' stick ' ? I think the war be over . troy I be gonna be fine , honey , I do not want you to worry , I try to do something for the family , and I want you to know -- darlene know what ? another mortar smashes through the wall , cover Troy in dust . troy that I love you . darlene what 's happen , Troy ? troy tell krystal -- Soldiers push at the door , try to open it . darlene Troy ? troy tell krystal I be a rich man and if thing work out she will be take care of no matter what -- darlene what be you talk about ? the door be kick open and soldier enter . troy gotta go , gooney - bird , I love you -- the soldier punch Troy in the face , drag he from the room . darlene Troy ? she wait for a moment , tear in she eye , and hang up . int . tv room of oasis bunker - day a mortar rock the room ; soldier frantically exit . ' CNN ' be leave play in the empty room with Bill smithson 's report from the previous day . " I just want to celebrate " plays : bill smithson spirit be high and the music be soar as this young troops celebrate -- ext . oasis bunker - day iraqi soldier shoulder - launch a rocket at the tank , exploding it . Soldiers shoot into the flame wreck . pull back to Bill smithson and paco , the cameraman . bill smithson I be be hold captive by iraqi troops in the gritty city of karbala , where shiite -- paco you say gritty city again . bill smithson ok , we will go again . paco what about private wogoman , Bill ? bill smithson let 's lay a few of this down first . in three , two , and , I be be hold captive in a gritty suburb of karbala , where shiite fundamentalist be rise up -- pan to walter be stripped naked by iraqi soldier . they conversation be in arabic and subtitled in english . iraqi captain you better not let that fuck reporter see you do this . iraqi sargeant hey , that 's the CNN guy . iraqi captain wow . he 's much short in person . iraqi captain get they out of here now . later walter sit on the bike , naked . Bill smithson in the sidecar , paco in the back . iraqi soldier pull the tape out . bill smithson at least let I keep the tape . walter could I have my helmet , please ? they hand he he sock . walter helmet . on my head . they give walter he helmet , with build - in radio headset . ext . U.S. company B camp - mess area - day general horn who 's miss ? captain van meter be Doc here ? the White Assistant shake he head ' no . ' captain van meter Doc 's not here ? general horn you do not know where one of you own fuck aide be ? captain van meter how about barlow ? the White Assistant shake he head ' no . ' general horn check all the radio transmission . captain van meter I run a tight company , ron . do not break my bail . general horn I be not break you ball , Doug , I want to find this guy . int . tunnel - day archie , Doc , vig , and dozen of Shiites crouch as they walk through the tunnel , single file . dissolve they be still walk in the long tunnel . ext . OPEN desert - day archie climb out of a small mound in the desert , squint in the light and look around . a strange minaret stretch skyward from the flat desert , 200 yard away . the minaret be make of yellow stone , it twist 150 foot into the air , like a twist wedding cake . archie lead the other toward the minaret . no one be around , except for a few black robe . archie , Doc , and vig enter the old wooden doorway of the ancient minaret . int . minaret hallway - day a line of ten child with miss limb and bandage stand and watch archie , Doc , and vig enter . they make eye contact . int . interrogation room , oasis bunker - day close up : the hand of a iraqi soldier carefully wrap a bare wire around Troy 's right ear . interrogator ( heavy accent ) what be you rank , bro ? troy master sargeant . interrogator you company ? troy B company , infantry , United States Army . the wire be wrap under Troy 's chin around he other ear . interrogator my main man . tell I something , ok ? what be problem with Michael Jackson ? troy what do you mean ? interrogator the King of pop . ' I be bad , I be bad , you know it -- ' troy yeah , Michael Jackson . interrogator he be fahking the small boy , man . troy what be you talk about ? interrogator he come to Egypt with the small boy . I see picture in newspaper , always he be with the small boy in the hotel window . hello with the white glove . I be King of pop in my hotel with the small boy . no girl . just the boy . troy he like kid . interrogator yeah , he like to fahk they up the ass . troy bullshit . Troy be smashed in the face with a clipboard . he look angry , and like he could cry at the same time . interrogator you be the blind bullshit , my main man . it be so obvious he like the small boy so he all the time travel with they . troy Fine . interrogator and if it really true ? you say -- troy I say it 's sick . interrogator that 's because you get a sick country , bro , you get no respect for the child . that 's why you bomb they over here , right ? troy I do not think so . interrogator Michael Jackson be pop King of sick fahking country . troy wrong . Troy be smashed in the face with the clip board . blood drip from he nose . interrogator bullshit wrong , dude . a black man make the skin white and the hair straight . you know why ? troy no . interrogator you sick fahking country make the black man hate hisself , just like you hate the arab and the child you bomb . troy I do not hate child . interrogator do they care , buddy ? troy do who care ? interrogator do you army care about the shiite child ? do they come to help ? troy no , they be not come . the interrogator signal someone o.s. and suddenly voltage race through the wire , cause Troy to gnash he tooth together so hard they chip . he writhes in pain . interrogator ( in subtitles ) that seem like too much volt . you get to build it up slow . a second iraqi gesture defensively at a console that be connect to the wire around Troy 's jaw . a third iraqi reach forward and turn a dial . the second iraqi murmur defensively and turn the dial back . interrogator just figure it out . the interrogator turn back to Troy . interrogator be they come to help the shiite ? troy no . he be jolted again -- he face contort , he bite he lip . interrogator tell the truth , dudesky . save we the big bummer . Troy start to cry , repress it . his lip be bleed . interrogator do it hurt ? Troy say nothing . interrogator I ask you question , bro . troy yes , it hurt . interrogator you bomb my family . do you know that ? Troy start shaking slightly . interrogator you blow up my home . the whole street . my wife be crush by big fahking block of concrete . she lose she leg , bro , and she get nice leg , too . that leg cut off now . emotion come into the interrogator's voice as he say this . troy ( whisper ) that 's horrible . interrogator what ? troy ( whisper ) I say , that 's horrible . interrogator oh , my God , buddy . I do not even tell you the horrible part yet . the other two guard listen sadly . interrogator my son be kill in he bed . do you hear that , dude ? troy yes . interrogator he be one year old . he be asleep with he toy doll when . the bomb come . you see that guy over there ? he lose he daughter same way : big USA bomb . close up the two guard -- one of they wipe away a tear . fantasy - concrete and plaster fall onto the bed of a sleep child . back to the scene troy I have a daughter . interrogator very nice for you , bro . she be safe in Ohio without the bomb and concrete and all this shit -- fantasy - darlene push a baby carriage down a idyllic tree - line sidewalk . interrogator ( os ) how old be she ? troy ( os ) ten day old . interrogator ( os ) what 's she name ? back to the scene troy krystal . interrogator what make you decide to tell I about krystal , my main man ? troy because we be both father . interrogator I be not a father no more , dude , remember ? my son be dead now . int . large room of minaret - day two dozen people be lay down , be treat by shiite cleric in black who squeeze aloe onto facial blister . at the end of the hall , archie grit he tooth in pain as a cleric use a turkey baster to shoot alcohol into he infect wound . archie scream in pain . Doc pace , exhaling ; he have white ointment on he face . doc I be ok . I be cool . I be a survivor . a shiite change vig 's bloody bandage , while a dead body be laid next to vig and wrap in cloth ; two cleric chant . vig be that guy dead ? where you gonna put he ? shiite cleric a shrine . vig what kind of shrine ya will get ? shiite cleric shrine that wash 700 year of sin . vig hey , that 's a pretty good shrine , right , Doc ? Doc stare at vig . vig I be sorry I hit you , man . I be scared for Troy , I do not want nothing to happen to he , he 's my friend . Doc ? come on , man , I know you be comin ' to help I -- vig reach out blindly for Doc 's hand . Doc look for a moment at vig 's hand in the air , reach , then take it . they remain silent for a moment , hand clasped . vig maybe we get kick out of the ring of Jesus fire , on account of steal . doc that 's not how it work . vig how do it work ? doc I take care of what Jesus put in front of I . that 's what we do with the gold . vig what about now ? doc I be gonna see . archie walk up , he arm bandage , and inspect vig 's face . archie gate how you do , conrad ? vig I be good to go , chief . archie gate let 's check the suitcase . archie , Doc , and vig check the vuitton suitcase , open they , look at the gold , shutting they . pan to child in bandage watch archie inventory the gold . doc we be miss 28 . archie gate that leave 92 suitcase , five bar each -- they think . archie gate 23 million dollar . not bad for a disaster , provide we can find barlow , get back before dark and not get bust . he look at Doc and vig . archie gate it be my choice today . so you can head back if you want . I will find barlow myself . doc what about the gold ? archie gate take what you can carry . try to find a vehicle . bury what you have outside camp . be careful about it . they look at archie . vig I want to find Troy . Doc think . doc I be in . archie gate ok , where do that leave we ? we do not have any water , we be dehydrated . you get a radio here ? the shiite man in glass put oil on he Little girl 's face . archie gate how be she ? the shiite man in glass do not answer . doc how -- be -- you -- little girl ? vig wear glass over he eye bandage ; he mime the girl . vig Broken -- arm . girl . man in glass she 's traumatize , what the fuck do you expect ? they look at he , surprised . man in glass I go to b-school at bowl Green . vig what 's b-school ? be that like terrorist training ? doc Business school , conrad . man in glass I come back to open a couple of hotel near karbala . I be almost in the black when Saddam start this stupid fuck war and you guy bomb the shit out of my cafe . now we try to get rid of Saddam , Bush leave we twist in the wind , un - be-fuck - lievable man . archie gate you get a radio ? man in glass no radio . no water . he wipe bit of white foam from the corner of he mouth . archie gate where 's barlow ? man in glass they get he , I see it happen . and they will not take he back to the same place . archie gate where would they take he ? man in glass Oasis bunker . it 's full of Saddam 's hard core guy . doc where 's that ? man in glass like 17 - 18 klick from here . archie gate take we there . man in glass we get no wheel . archie gate we will walk until we find some . man in glass why do not you call in the Marines ? archie gate with what ? we do not have a radio . man in glass ok , we will find a vehicle . you drive back to get the chopper , they fly in to get you man . Doc and vig look at archie . archie gate we can not do that . man in glass why not ? you get a huge army here . archie gate we be not suppose to be involved with Shiites . we kill iraqi soldier . we break the peace - accord . man in glass tell they it happen when you reclaim the gold . do not tell they it be about we . archie gate they would find out , we would go to jail . man in glass you know what I think ? I think maybe you be boost the gold . that 's what I think . archie look at he . archie gate you be wrong . man in glass they get half a million man in the desert , they send four guy to pick up all this bullion ? I do not think so . archie look at vig and doc. archie gate we need to find we man . how much do you want to take we there ? man in glass Fifteen suitcase . archie gate that 's too much . vig give it to he . we have get a lot . archie gate we be gonna need it to buy we way back today , so we better spend it wisely . I will give you eight . man in glass you need some gun , right ? you lose you gear . archie gate yeah , we need some gun . man in glass you need some fighter , too . I mean , you can try to take Oasis on you own , but look at this grunt -- Doc and vig look piss . archie 's arm be in pain . archie gate yeah , ok , we need some fighter . man in glass so that 's worth more than eight suitcase . archie gate ten . man in glass Fifteen . archie look at he . archie gate that 's four million dollar . man in glass I think we need it more than you , John doe , do not you ? he extend he hand . they shake . archie gate archie Gates . imam ( man in glass ) imam katar . I will give you back five suitcase to get we over the iranian border . archie gate what ? imam we gotta get to a refugee camp or we be dead . the camp be in Iran . doc we can not go to the iranian border . imam then we do not have a deal . vig give I a fuck break , man . doc we save you life . imam and we save yours . archie gate we lose a man for you . imam what good be it if you leave we to get waste ? the big army of democracy beat the ugly dictator , save the rich kuwaitis , but you go to jail if you help we escape the same dictator . you see what happen to my wife . look at my daughter . archie look around . he see imam 's daughter , other bandage child look at he . a few mother . archie gate who 's go ? imam everyone but the priest . that 's 55 . vig fuck it . we will find this place on we own . imam it 's not on a map . you can look . doc somebody else will take we . Doc pull gold bar from a case and hold they up doc who will take we to Oasis bunker ? fifty Shiites turn and look at he silently . Doc dump a whole suitcase of gold bar . imam translate . imam jarat yalam fantam uraz . people stare at the gold and say nothing . imam I do not think so . vig this be a human life we be talk about . imam ( laugh ) tell I about it . his daughter look at he and laugh -- until she laughter become scary , hysterical and imam try to hold she still and she will not stop as archie , Doc , vig watch . int . oasis bunker - day close on -- head of a golf clubdriver : " make in USA . " interrogator hold the golf club near the head , pace . interrogator I only join Saddam Hussein army to make good live for family , good car , good house , and now my son be dead . troy I sign up for the extra cash , too . interrogator we get a lot in common , dude . I get training and gun from America . troy not from America . interrogator oh , yeah , specialist guy come to Iraq , train we when we fight Iran . troy what do they train you in ? interrogator weapon , sabotage . interrogation . troy great . the interrogator light a marlboro , exhales . push in to close up on troy's face as the smoke envelope he . fantasy -- int . troy's bedroom - torrance darlene look up and beam as Troy walk into the room , they embrace on the bed . interrogator ( o.s. ) so what we get from this dirty Iraq war you and I , huh ? fantasy - troy hold the naked baby against he naked chest . troy ( whisper ) I do not know . back to scene interrogator ( laugh ) you do not fahking know , right ?! we all scahmbag soldier who get fahke , right ? troy right . interrogator laugh and take a practice golf swing . troy so why be you do this to I ? interrogator it 's my job , man , for Saddam , just like you job when you bomb my house . troy it 's not just a job , it still matter what you do . interrogator bullshit . it 's all a job . troy it still matter what you do , what you be do right now matter . interrogator bullshit . troy the art of war be not for kill people , it 's a stratagem to give life to many with minimum violence , minimum -- interrogator then why you bomb my fahking house and kill my son ? can you think how it feel inside you heart if I bomb you daughter ? fantasy - slow motion - a missile silently destroy Troy 's suburban house . back to scene troy worse than death -- interrogator it feel like this -- holding the driver at the head , he rap the bridge of Troy 's nose . troy do not -- interrogator everyday , inside my heart -- he rap Troy 's nose repeatedly to make he point . interrogator like this , like this , like this -- he break Troy 's nose with a crack . int . minaret a rug be pull off the old stone floor , a panel be lift . Old pistol and rifle be pull out . Doc and vig load and handle the old pistol . archie gate do we save anything from the humvee ? doc this bag . archie pull two of the color football from the beat up pack . he look at Doc as if to say " great . " later archie 's arm be in pain as he carefully wrap a thin layer of light blue plastic explosive around a football , press small nail sideways into the plastique and insert a fuse in the end of the ball . another ball - bomb just like it have already be construct . ext . desert - day archie lead a line of 55 Shiites across the desert . everyone carry at least one vuitton bag . imam carry he daughter . vig you get the same name as the tall model who do David bowie . doc that 's Im - a , with a and . ' he 's imam with a be . ' vig that 's the same name . doc it 's not the same name . vig whatever . they be both attractive name . ext . desert - later archie crouch low to the ground , move quickly , secretively . he turn and make a hand signal to , Doc , 20 yard away , who turn and make a hand signal to vig . high wide shot : a lone iraqi military truck , mint condition . ' archie , vig , and Doc form a semicircle , surround the truck . they be all 40 yard back from the truck . archie gate this be the United States Army . come out of the truck with you weapon in the air . no response . suddenly vig 's pistol fire . vig shit. sorry . his gunshot blow a hole in the iraqi truck -- which deflate like a huge beach ball , circle wildly until it lie in a heap of collapse camouflage canvass while 50 yard away -- 55 shiite flip sand - color blanket off and stand up in the desert to look . Doc lift the limp canvass of the deflate truck . archie gate they use a lot of decoy to throw off we bomber . doc where be we gonna get a vehicle ? imam I know a place that 's full of deserter . maybe they get something . high wide shot : they walk in a single file line in the desert . archie in front , carry a vuitton bag . ext . deserter' bunker - day archie now walk among Shiites tote old rifle . there be bomb crater , destroy car , a few mud dwelling nearby . shiite America ! shiite # 2 America ! friend ! shiite freedom ! thank you to America ! Shiites cheer and pat archie , Doc and vig on the back as they walk to a bunker build into the side of a small hill . two iraqi soldier come out smile to embrace a disorient archie and Doc . int . iraqi bunker - day they pass through a cluttere room with six cot , down a hallway , to a larger room where two more young iraqi soldier sit watch CNN . there be a deface poster of Saddam , two peacock and three monkey in the room , and the half - eat carcass of a zebra . the soldier rise and half - bow to archie . friendly iraqi soldier food ? you give food ? archie gate we do not have any food . doc where would you get this animal from ? imam ( translate ) kishan tramai jahal ? friendly iraqi soldier Kuwait Zoo . nabal hazala fan taq . imam this be for you , my friend , to eat if you be hungry . the iraqi soldier offer a live monkey to archie . archie gate no , thank you . imam they be not barbarian , they be starve . doc I be get really dizzy , man . vig stick out a white tongue and nod . archie gate we need water . friendly iraqi soldier Water all go . no one have water . archie gate Radio ? friendly iraqi no radio . archie gate no radio , no water , but yes CNN . the other Iraqis nod they head and laugh nervously . friendly iraqi soldier George Bush get rid Saddam . archie gate not exactly . friendly iraqi soldier congratulation ! he embrace archie , who look at imam . archie gate would you explain to this gentleman that we need a vehicle of some kind ? int . bunker garage - day it be dark . with a click , several bare ceiling light come on . archie , Doc , vig , stare in amazement : it 's a underground garage fill with nine luxury car : a roll royce , a jaguar , a mercede , a infiniti convertible , four cadillacs , a white stretch limousine . the friendly iraqi smile . friendly iraqi soldier from Kuwait . Doc stop at the convertible . doc could I ask a question ? the iraqi deserter look at he . doc do Lexus make this model ? friendly iraqi soldier no. infiniti convertible only . friendly iraqi 2 no Lexus convertible . doc exactly what I say . archie gate listen . we use this car to go fight Saddam soldier . the friendly iraqi look at Doc and laugh . doc what 's so funny ? friendly iraqi soldier cannot take . doc what do you mean , can not take ? we kick Saddam 's ass . we definitely take . archie gate we be the United States military . the iraqi laugh . imam you be three guy with a bunch of Shiites and no humvee . friendly iraqi soldier need money . have no money . to eat . to live . kish falan azar yat imal tanat . imam he say the Americans have many tank , many airplane . we have nothing . the Iraqis do not look happy . imam do simultaneous translation as archie hold forth . archie gate we will rise up together . imam jihala vamat . archie gate rise up together . Doc and vig look take aback as archie go messianic . archie gate look at we . work together . many race , many nation . tell he , Doc . doc we be united . they raise they join hand together . archie gate United . George Bush want you -- doc to stand up for yourself . friendly iraqi soldier George Bush . archie gate he want you -- doc you . vig praise Jesus . archie gate make the fight for freedom on you own . doc oh , yes , you can . vig go , baby , go . archie walk around , look into the eye of each iraqi soldier , touch they on the shoulder . archie gate then America will follow . imam jahal yaqat . doc jahal yaqat , brother . archie gate God bless America , and God bless a free Iraq . Iraqis burst into cheer . archie gate what do you say now , my friend ? friendly iraqi can not give car . archie gate then I guess we will have to buy they . ext . desert - day the luxury car ride across the desert , single file , vuitton bag strapped to the roof . int . roll royce - day vig juda Priest will pump you , Doc -- doc I already have it with the Beach boy today . vig one song . Doc slam in a CD -- traditional iraqi folk wailing plays . the shiite riflemen in back smile as vig scowl . int . infiniti archie drive . imam sit in passenger seat with he daughter on he lap . they listen to iraqi music . ext . desert - day Shiites finish pass 92 vuitton suitcase into a trench . the bag be bury . archie drive a stake to mark the spot . archie gate we get we man , we come back to pick up the gold -- imam and my people . archie gate my gold be not here , and I mean all of it , you people will not survive . Doc and vig pull off distributor cap from the cadillac and limousine ( but not the jaguar ) and put they in Doc 's pack . imam I understand . archie gate ok . let 's load and go . imam hug and kiss he daughter goodbye and try to put she , cry , into the arm of a older woman . vig wait a second , I want to talk about this plan some more -- archie gate we be go to drive in and get Troy , exactly like we discuss . vig I have a bad feel like we be gonna get waste . archie gate you be scared . it 's good to be scared when there 's gun around . vig look uneasy . archie hum bach 's ' gloria ' and move a hand in the air , then put he hand on vig 's shoulder and sing the bach loud . vig eventually join in the chorus . doc I be cool . I be all right . he lie down and breathes with a hand on he chest as archie and vig keep sing . ext . OPEN desert - day bach 's B minor mass play as the mercede , infiniti , and roll royce drive across the desert . int . interrogation room - oasis bunker - day the interrogator finish put tissue in Troy 's bleed nose . troy you son would not be dead if Saddam do not invade Kuwait . fantasy - iraqi soldier smash the window of a benneton store , then a cartier store . interrogator ( o.s. ) I know . troy ( o.s. ) I hear about some bad shit that happen there . fantasy - iraqi soldier drag patient from they hospital bed and a iraqi soldier dive on top of a cry nurse and start to rape she while a baby be take from a incubator , which be steal . back to the scene troy who 's get the sick country ? interrogator maybe Saddam be very crazy , right ? and then you be crazy to bomb all of Iraq . troy too much bombing be crazy , but not save Kuwait . interrogator you come here to save Kuwait people ? troy yes . interrogator really ? ( to the second iraqi ) jahaza fan . the second iraqi dip a bucket into a oil drum . interrogator lot of people in trouble around this world , my man . you do not fight no fahking war for they . troy you invade another country . you can not do that . interrogator why not , dude ? troy it make the world crazy . you get to keep it stable . interrogator for what ? you pick up truck ? troy no , for stability . stabilize the region . the interrogator pull a CD from Troy 's pocket and jam it into Troy 's mouth . interrogator this be you fahking stability , my main man . the interrogator use the CD as a funnel to force - feed the crude oil into Troy 's mouth as he pour it from the bucket . ext . rim of dune overlooking oasis bunker archie , Doc , vig , stand on a sand ridge and look down on the Oasis bunker in the distance . behind they be the three car , imam , and a handful of shiite gunman . they get into the car . ext . dune a empty ridge . the infiniti , roll , mercede shoot over it , arcing down toward the bunker , engine roaring . ext . oasis bunker it be quiet . a slim Jim be unwrapped as a iraqi guard slowly raise it to he mouth , bite it , chew , and look puzzle at the car approach in the distance . high wide shot - look straight down . the car drive three abreast down the approach road to the bunker . the infiniti be in the middle , flanke by the roll on the leave and the mercede on the right . int . infiniti vig look scared as he drive the infiniti straight toward the bunker . a shiite sit up front with he . fifty yard from the bunker , vig turn sharply and drive in circle . ext . bunker two iraqi guard , one chew a slim Jim , look bewilder as they stare at the circle infiniti fifty yard away . int . mercede archie , with imam in the passenger seat , two Shiites in back , speed the mercede past the guard , around the right side , to the back side of the bunker , skid across the sand . aerial view the mercede and the roll diverge around the bunker on either side : roll on the leave , mercede on the right . int . roll royce Doc drive the roll around the leave , to the bunker 's rear . ext . bunker iraqi soldier fire a grenade that blow up right behind the roll as Doc skid right up to a rear entrance of the bunker , the grill touch the metal door . Doc park , blockade the rear door shut , and , with three shiite riflemen , jump out . int . infiniti a shiite help vig wedge a piece of wood onto the gas pedal . vig suddenly grab he hand in pain . the shiite look at he . vig splinter . shiite come on . ext . infiniti vig and the shiite bail out of the move infiniti . wad of plastic explosive be tape to the grill of the car as it speed towards the bunker , then drift to the side -- vig go straight , go straight -- he jump up and down and point , but the infiniti go far to the side of the bunker and explode into some ruin . the two guard point they gun at vig and the shiite and they run into the desert as bullet pop around they . ext . right side of bunker archie skid the mercede to a halt on the right side of the bunker , jump out , slam the door , follow by imam and the two other Shiites . they run toward the bunker , archie with a wad of plastic explosive and nail in one hand and a cigarette lighter in the other . he hear the chirp of a car alarm be activate as he run to the bunker . imam find a vent hole on the low facade of the bunker , pull off a grill . archie light a fuse stick out of the plastic explosive , and drop it into the vent . int . interrogation room - day Troy gag and spit , he front be cover in oil . the interrogator raise the bucket . interrogator be you feel stable enough for more ? a explosion elsewhere in the bunker cause the light to flicker out . int . bunker corridor iraqi soldier scurry in the darkness with flashlight . they go to the rear door , pile up in the dark , push . ext . rear of bunker the park roll royce blockade the rear door . ext . side of bunker archie and imam run back to the mercede , but the car be lock , he pistol sit inside on the front seat . a gunshot from the bunker roof shatter the window of the mercede , set off the car alarm . archie reach in , grab he pistol , and bolt as a launch grenade blow the mercede . ext . front of bunker - day 12 iraqi soldier pour out of the smoking bunker as 3 shiite riflemen with Doc fire on they . two Iraqis go down , with only the sound of bullet pierce they flesh . 6 Iraqis run for it , into the desert . 2 Iraqis throw they hand up in surrender while 2 look ambivalent , one hold a stack of new Levis . Doc raise a hand to stop he shiite gunman from fire , but they fire anyway and 3 Iraqis fire back -- the shiite next to Doc be hit in the face . doc stop shoot , what 's the matter with you ? he reach out and hold the rifle of a shiite . everyone stop fire , slowly the Iraqis drop they gun . Doc have wet he pant . archie run up from the right , grab Doc 's arm and they run past surrender iraqi soldier and into the front entrance . of the bunker . imam take cover on the side of the bunker while Shiites and Iraqis aim at each other . vig approach cautiously from the desert , hear a aircraft , and look up . a iraqi helicopter come in fast and open FIRE with machine gun -- vig shit . vig run toward the bunker for cover , but be cut off by machine gun FIRE from the chopper . Shiites FIRE rifle up at the chopper . int . iraqi chopper chip of metal and plastic fly off as bullet hit the chopper . Arabic chatter be hear over a crackle radio . Pov - from inside the chopper 100 foot below -- vig and six remain shiite riflemen be run into the desert away from the chopper . ext . desert - day vig and the six Shiites frantically search for cover . the chopper fire and one of the Shiites run with vig be hit in the head , throw by the force of the gunshot into vig , who go down , fake it . vig lie face down , out of breath , with the dead shiite on top of he while the chopper hover above . vig Jesus God , I do not wanna get hit , please Jesus , watch over I -- int . bunker it be dimly light by a few mount emergency light . archie and Doc run down the empty stair , through the big main room -- it be empty . archie go down the right side , kick open a door -- it 's the bathroom full of steal stuff and cell phone -- Doc go down the leave side of the room -- kick in a door -- a room full of benneton sweater in all color . archie kick in a door -- a room with shelf full of large snow globe , thousand of they . Doc kick in a door -- a room cluttere with debris , but there be another door at the far side of the room . he approach and kick it repeatedly , without success . archie kick in a door -- it be pitch black -- a emergency light flicker on and off -- revealing the two iraqi torturer at the control table , where one try to fix the emergency light with a screwdriver -- in flicker light -- archie shoot one iraqi guard squarely in the chest , then the other -- the only SOUND be the gun popping and the bullet tearing into they body . archie turn to the interrogator , who stand next to Troy . interrogator it 's ok , buddy , we be just talk now -- slightly slow motion -- archie shoot the interrogator in the thigh . the only SOUND be gun shoot , flesh tearing -- blood thinly splatter across Troy 's face as the interrogator grimace and fall to the floor . the light flick on a few beat , then off a few beat . archie rip the wire from the table control , go to Troy , unhinge the wire from he jaw . the interrogator writhes in pain on the ground . archie take the interrogator 's pistol , snap open a knife , cut the cord bind Troy to the chair and give Troy the pistol . Troy sit , stain with oil , blood , tear . he get up , look down at the interrogator on the floor , point the pistol into the interrogator 's face . the interrogator stare at Troy , who stare back . archie watch , out of breath . Troy fire the gun just to the side of the interrogator 's face , into the ground . the interrogator look terrify , cry . Troy stare back , look unhappy , lower the gun . Troy and archie look at each other for a intense moment . archie gate let 's go . int . another bunker room Doc shoot the lock on the inner door and it finally open . he look inside and see , in a sink room , 50 more shiite civilian huddle together . archie rush by with Troy . archie gate come on . int . front door of bunker - day archie and Troy run out of the bunker -- ext . front door of bunker - day the chopper hover right there . it fire a grenade which explode next to archie and Troy . they scramble back into the bunker . int . front door of bunker - day archie and Troy run into Doc at the door , knock he over . they crouch inside the door ; the chopper hover low outside . ext . desert - day vig grope the sand for he glass , crawl on he hand and knee with the dead shiite on he back . vig you gotta be my disguise , Mr. shiite , cuz they need my help over there -- ext . desert - day the six Iraqis who take oft from the bunker be still run . they conversation be in arabic and subtitled in english . tough iraqi let 's go back and get they . iraqi # 2 fuck a donkey , no way . tough iraqi there 's a chopper , we can do it . he and another iraqi stop while the other two keep run . tough iraqi they kill you family , you fuck coward . the tough iraqi and he partner , sweat profusely , out of breath , split up and head back toward the bunker . int . front door of bunker - day archie 's in great pain . he grimace as he tighten the bandage around he forearm . Troy be shaking uncontrollably . Doc grab Troy 's shoulder firmly . archie gate we be gonna get out of here alive , just do what I say , do you hear I ? Troy nod . archie pull one of the football bomb wrap in C - 4 from he small pack , and hand it to Doc . archie pretend to throw with nothing in he hand . archie gate step , throw , one - two -- I be gonna give it a five second fuse . that give you two step out the door . pan across Troy and Doc listen intently . archie cut the fuse on the ball with he knife . the three of they stand at the door , ready . archie hold he pistol ready . Doc hold the football , Troy hold the lighter . archie gate wait -- ext . bunker imam , lie in a ditch , be conceal on the side of the bunker , and aim a old rifle at the chopper . gunshot ring off the side of the chopper , chipping plastic . the chopper bank toward vig in response . vig watch the chopper turn toward he . vig God help I . int . bunker Troy flick the lighter and with a shaking hand try to light the fuse . archie steady Troy 's hand . the fuse be light . archie gate go. ext . front door of bunker - day archie fire he pistol as he go out the door with Troy , also firing a pistol . Doc follow with the ball , fuse burn . Doc throw the ball hard at the chopper , hover 40 foot up . int . chopper the chopper turn to face the ball just as it hit the plexiglas window and bounce off , not explode . the pilot look perplex . the ball hit the ground and explode . ext . bunker archie , Troy , Doc , stunne -- turn back to the bunker . int . bunker doorway - day they run inside and take cover , catch they breath . Troy and Doc look terrify . archie gate ok . shorter fuse this time . he pull out the second ball , cut another fuse , affix it . they wait at the door again , watch the chopper . ext . bunker imam , from the side of the bunker , fire again , the chopper swivel toward he to return FIRE -- int . bunker Troy light the second fuse . they bolt out the door , Troy and archie firing pistol , Doc in the middle with the ball . ext . bunker slow to freeze frame mid - stride -- with just the SOUND of the chopper : archie , Doc , Troy , three abreast , mid-stride . resume regular speed -- Doc unleash the football . pan to - slightly slow motion -- the ball hit the chopper broadside and the chopper explode into a ball of FIRE . slightly slow motion : the chopper come crash to the ground in a heap of metal . the rotary spin off , whip over archie , Troy , and Doc 's head and smashes into the bunker . silence . Troy and Doc look at each other , and punch they fist together . Troy notice that he 's wet he pants . archie gate we be not do . check every iraqi here . archie roll over body lie on the ground , pull out they weapon . Troy and Doc take rifle from wounded Iraqis . troy ( agitate ) where 's conrad ? archie gate do not let you guard down . Doc nervously scan the area with he pistol point . 50 shiite prisoner start stream out of the bunker . archie gate stay there , do not move . imam direct the Shiites to stay cluster near the bunker . imam jakar yizam ut naral -- troy how be we get back ? doc we get the roll . a iraqi soldier jump up just as archie knock he to the ground from behind and twist the gun away . Doc bind the soldier 's hand with a plastic cuff . troy you get a roll ? archie gate it 's be a busy day . archie pull pistol from the bloody body of the two Iraqis in the chopper . troy hey . that 's a convertible . he point to the flame wreck infiniti . archie gate keep you fuck guard up . troy be that leather interior ? doc I think he 's in shock . troy it 's a fuck infiniti convertible , be not it ? doc yes . troy ok . so I owe you a car . I be not in shock . archie gate we can talk about car later , ok ? troy freeze -- he point he pistol at imam . imam take it easy . troy who be this guy ? archie gate he 's with we . Troy and imam look at each other a moment , Troy still point he pistol at imam . troy you be the guy with the little girl . imam that 's right . troy what be you do here ? archie gate he help we find you . troy all right . you be all right . he hug imam . troy how 's you girl ? imam she 's safe . for the moment . troy all right . excellent . how can we help ? doc calm down , man . troy I be calm . do not I look calm ? imam we have a deal to get we to the border , but we need more vehicle for this people . Troy move nervously . troy we be gonna work it out . we can do it . we have to work it out . doc I be not sure how . this be a lot of people . troy ok , you choose who we take . you tell the other it 's not convenient , they will have to die . doc take it easy , man . troy you think I do not know what I be say . I know what I be say . we be gonna do more than steal , that 's what I be say . we be gonna help this people out . imam this guy be worth save . archie gate he 's a soldier . Troy and archie look at each other , smile slightly . vig ( o.s. ) yes. yes . all right . they all turn to look . wide shot -- vig pop up in the desert , 150 yard away . vig you make it . vig come run . vig I think that be you . yeah . Troy smile as he step in the direction of vig. suddenly a rifle shot ring out , Troy jump . slightly slow motion -- vig be hit in the collar bone , only the SOUND of the bullet smashing he flesh and bone . he be jerk , fall to he knee , but get up , keep staggering toward Troy , 125 yard away . Troy look stunne . archie turn sharply to he right and fire a rifle . a iraqi soldier , 150 yard to the side , drop to the ground as archie and Doc continue to hit he with gunfire . Troy run as hard as he can toward vig . archie gate cover he . Doc look around frantically with he pistol point . archie scan the area and direct 3 shiite riflemen to spread out . archie gate lock it down . shoot anything that move . imam ( translate ) haza janav yasat . Troy run , catch the staggering vig in he arm and embrace he . blood run from vig 's mouth , onto Troy 's shoulder , as vig try to talk . vig you make it , man -- Troy cry as he run with vig in he arm . troy help he . Doc take vig from Troy 's arm and carefully lay he on the ground , cradling he head in he lap . vig spit blood . vig what happen to the Jesus fire , Doc ? doc it 's around you right now , man , it work on this side or the other side . vig you never tell I that part . I guess I could go to one of they shrine that erase the bad you do -- troy we make the right choice today , conrad . vig we do good , right ? troy we make the right choice . the hole in vig 's collar bone be pump out blood . Troy put he hand over it . Doc look sad and scared as he try to turn vig 's head to help he breathe . doc dear Lord watch over this man , help he if you can . we father who art in heaven -- 50 Shiites -- child and adult -- sit on the ground near the bunker watch from afar . Troy stand up look around helplessly . troy help . doc -- hallow be thy name , thy kingdom come , thy will be do -- a gunshot ring out and -- slightly slow motion -- hit Troy in the lower right chest -- and come out again three inch over , pierce a thin piece of he side -- with only the sound of tear tissue . Troy look stunne as he be spun around by the shot . archie spin around in the desert and look at Troy . archie gate goddamn it . he run hard across the desert toward Troy . Troy fall next to vig and they look at each other . Troy 's eye be wide with pain as he breathes with great difficulty -- rasping . int . troy's rib cage his breathe create a air pocket , crush he organ to the leave side . troy's Pov look up at Doc , who be say something to Troy , but there 's no SOUND except troy's labored breathing the Pov turn to the side -- vig be no longer breathe . flashback to the open scene , but with weird , muffled SOUND soldier # 5 take my picture . vig do you still want to sell picture ? troy ( distract monotone ) for twenty . soldier # 5 twenty buck ? vig War 's be over five day , be not gonna be any more of this , Jim . soldier # 5 twenty dollar , man , what 's the meaning of life ? troy you be lucky you get to see anybody shot in this war . soldier # 5 Bobby , take my picture . he hold the camera out . soldier # 4 if he shot the guy , it 's up to he . soldier # 5 it 's not like he shot a fuck deer . it 's the enemy . vig it 's Troy 's enemy , yours for twenty . back to the scene - close up Troy lie on the ground , try to breathe , eye wide . troy's Pov archie and imam step into frame . archie look down at Troy , open he waist pack , pull out a sterile wrap scalpel . troy's Pov turn to the side -- fish eye lens - the jaguar pull up in slightly slow motion . imam 's Little girl get out of the passenger side , slightly slow motion , no SOUND . imam scold she and gesticulates , indicate she should be back with the other where it be safe . the Little girl embrace imam and stare down at Troy over she father 's shoulder . ext . desert Troy 's eye be wide , stare up at the girl as he have great difficulty breathe . archie roll Troy 's shirt up , expose Troy 's chest , with the bullet wound . archie point to a spot on Troy 's upper chest , near the collar bone -- Doc squeeze a small tube of brown disinfectant gel onto this spot -- the only sound be the squirt of the ointment and Troy 's breathe . archie look nervous , then focuss as he bring the shiny metal scalpel down . Troy be in great pain as he watch archie plunge the scalpel into he upper chest . archie twist the scalpel to open the incision wide -- there be a pronounce hissing as trap air rush out . huge relief come over Troy 's face as he breathes normally . regular sound fade back in , the first SOUND be the girl thin , intermittent humming -- troy's Pov from the ground , looking up archie gate I have be wait 18 year to get that right . he tear open a short i.v. tube and plunge the i.v. into the scalpel hole . there be a small valve on the end of the tube , which he tighten . a gunshot sound -- archie turn and look over -- ext . desert five shiite rifle men chase down and shoot , at 30 yard , the last iraqi gunner in the desert . Troy sit up slowly and watch for a moment . ext . front of the bunker - later shiite woman and child chant and pray around vig 's corpse as it lie in the open trunk of the jaguar . archie , Troy and Doc stand together watch . Troy and Doc do a mute version of vig 's karate arm dance as they look down at he corpse . troy he 's get no family . archie sadly take vig 's big pistol from vig 's clench hand . archie gate we be he family now . doc he want to go to one of that shrine . imam kajatar in Iran . we can take he . archie take vig 's glass off . archie gate good . take he . ext . desert - later archie fill a single rusted oil drum with gold bar and tape it shut . Troy sit in a fold chair nearby . he look pain and uncomfortable . archie gate Air pressure will build up about every fifteen minute . release the valve , close it up again . archie unscrew the valve on the tube in Troy 's chest , and air hiss out . Troy look relieved . archie close the valve . troy how long can I keep do this ? archie gate maybe four hour , if you be not bleed too bad inside . troy I be really thirsty . doc there 's no water anywhere . imam ( to archie ) I get you hook up if you want to call you man . ext . desert - later archie operate a radio hook up to a car battery . archie gate ( into the radio ) tar baby , this be brer rabbit , do you read I ? doc we be gonna be court- martial . archie gate no , we be not . Troy watch , tense . archie gate ( into the radio ) tar baby , this be brer rabbit , be you read this ? ext . desert - day walter drive the motorcycle , nude , wear he helmet with radio attachment . smithson and paco ride along . archie be hear in a crackle radio transmission inside walter 's helmet . walter speak into the small mouthpiece . walter ( into radio ) this be tar baby , come in . archie gate ( o.s. ) where be you ? walter ( into radio ) about two click outside camp . archie gate ( o.s. ) we be about ready for the briar patch , over . walter ( into the radio ) right . he look uncertain , worried . archie gate ( o.s. ) you get I , tar baby ? walter I think so -- who handle the briar patch ? archie gate ( o.s. ) you do . walter oh , ok , and the tar baby go to the briar patch if everything 's ok , right ? archie gate ( o.s. ) no , the other way around . walter shit , I be sorry , sir , I do not remember how the code go -- intercut with archie , who look exasperate . he be sweat with a fever and he arm hurt . archie gate six personnel truck and a humvee . walter wow . that 's a tall order for a secret operation , sir . archie gate talk to my friend hash . each driver will get 100k . walter do you say 100k ? archie gate Roger . brer rabbit at 239 North . add one medavac pack to the order , and dump the reporter . walter Roger . give I two hour . int . company B radio tent - day two decoder sit at a table wear headphone . one write down : " brer rabbit at 239 NORTH , dump the reporter . " int . bunker - day close up a snow globe be shake and little green dollar swirl inside the little world , settling upon a early desert oasis , old building , palm tree , donkey , Three king , peasant carry the baby Jesus , and a mobil gas station . wider to reveal hundred of snow globe be pull from the shelf and put into old cloth bag . ext . bunker - day Doc crack open a snow globe with plier as all the water and dollar drain out . imam filter the water through a cheese cloth hold above a urn . close on the plastic Three king and baby Jesus with the mobil gas station glisten in the wet palm of archie 's hand . archie look at the Three king in he hand . Troy crack open a snow globe , filter water with a shiite . dozen of Shiites be do the same . archie pass a urn to some parched Shiites who drink the water thirstily . Troy , Doc do the same . ext . B company radio tent - day Captain Van meter , General horn , and two radio decoder stand look at log of transmission . captain van meter there 's so many transmission -- general horn narrow it down to what sound like archie Gates and a humvee . a humvee with havichon and walter drive by behind the oblivious General , lead a convoy of several truck . general horn I want a direction , we be not gonna comb the whole goddamn desert -- a private run up and hand General horn a paper . private this be from barlow 's c.o. at Fort bragg , something with he wife . general horn ( read ) Fort bragg ? I will be damned . walter and hash drive past smithson and paco and Cathy . bill smithson where the hell be he go now ? cathy daitch I say we keep watch the General . she take off and smithson follow she . ext . desert - day imam pour gasoline on a pile of vuitton suitcase , Troy throw a match , the suitcase go up in a rush of fire . ext . desert - later imam hand two gold bar to a shiite peasant , who take they and move on . there be two long line of shiite peasant patiently wait to get they gold , as it be hand out by imam and another shiite while , archie , Troy , and Doc watch . Shiites stash they gold bar inside they clothing and bag . later everyone sit and wait : archie , Troy , Doc , imam , he daughter , 105 shiite peasant . Troy look pain , then release the valve on the tube stick through he chest bandage and there be a hiss of air . he look relieved . there be the SOUND of distant motor rumbling . a approach convoy in the desert : six open U.S. personnel truck , lead by a humvee . archie , Troy , Doc , imam , he daughter , dozen of Shiites watch the convoy approach -- they hold they gun ready . the U.S. military truck and the humvee pull up to the bunker . walter stand in the front of the humvee with hash , both wear sand goggle as they pull up -- walter salute . havichon quelle gonzesse , archie , you get yourself shot . archie gate that better be word of sympathy . 6 army driver , among they the disillusion infantrymen interview by Bill smithson earlier , get out of they vehicle , greet by Doc , archie , and imam . walter walk up , carry a medical pack . walter watcha do out here , Troy ? they bang fist in greeting . troy protect the free people of the world , walter , you know how it be . walter we better get you fix up to go home to the land of the brave . walter push a i.v. needle into Troy 's arm . troy give I that penicillin , baby . Doc push a i.v. needle into archie 's arm and tape the penicillin sack to archie 's shirt . havichon where ees bullion at , my man ? archie gate bullion ees bury . I will show you after we get this people to the border . havichon iranian border ? archie gate part of the deal . havichon c'est super , archie , you get yourself a pain in the ass mission of mercy . walter sorry I fuck up the code , sir . archie gate it mean we gotta move . they might be come for we . bach 's " gloria " play powerfully . Shiites pile into the six open truck . the lone oil can full of gold be load , as well . imam and he daughter be help into a truck by doc. archie whistle loud from the front seat of the humvee -- which lead the way as the convoy pull out . Doc , in the back of a truck with Shiites , wave . Troy smile as he sit in the back of a crowded truck with imam , he daughter , and other Shiites . high , wide curving helicopter shot the six truck convoy , lead by the humvee , roll across the two - lane desert road . ext . base camp - B company - day six apache chopper be roaring on the ground as Captain Van meter , he White Assistant , and General horn board a chopper . smithson , paco , and Cathy and she camera man rush aboard the last chopper in the line . ext . desert - day the humvee slow to a halt . archie stand in the front of the humvee with a rifle at he side -- look straight ahead -- concerned . Troy , Doc , imam , and daughter stare ahead , concerned ext . the iranian border 50 yard ahead -- a low wall of razor wire . 100 yard beyond it , dozen of iraqi tank be line up along the border , 100 foot apart , stretch into the distance either way . there be 50 iraqi ground troops stand at the border station , mark by razor wire on the one - lane road . on the far side of the border , iranian soldier with relief worker wear red crescent wait by white school bus and stare at the american convoy . ext . iraqi side of the border archie stare at the border , think . imam help Troy down from the truck . Doc carry the Little girl . havichon what be you seenk ? archie gate I see a open we can walk through . but it 's not wide enough for a truck . archie get out of the humvee and look at the border . archie gate we will walk they to the border . the Iranians will take they . we will walk back to the truck and get out of here . Doc turn and signal to the driver to come up . Troy take the safety off he m - 16 . 5 U.S. driver get out with they rifle ready . they release the safeties . havichon , with he leg in a cast , stay back to man the mount machine gun on the humvee . iraqi soldier on the border nervously watch the Americans and the Shiites , hold they machine gun . int . iraqi tank - day Pov through iraqi gun sight -- cross hair pan from Doc , to Troy , to imam , to archie . ext . border archie gate make a close group . imam ( translate ) Jihad yamat -- yamat . 105 Shiites empty the truck and gather in a crowd that walk toward the border . two shiite man carry vig 's body , wrap in Arabic cloth . archie , Troy , Doc , lead the crowd single file through a narrow open in the razor wire . on the other side , the crowd spread out and keep walk . archie , Troy , and Doc walk three abreast , 7 foot apart , rifle ready . imam and walter be behind , flanking they . face : close dolly - shiite Children , woman , Men , as they fearfully walk toward the border . the five U.S. driver flank the Shiites on either side , rifle ready . pan to - Troy suddenly drop to one knee . doc let the air out . troy it 's not the air , I do not know what it be -- doc stay back . troy I be all right . I be just dizzy or something -- ext . iran side of the border iranian soldier and relief worker stand watch . pan around to - iranian side Pov the back of the iraqi troops and tank , and the approach Shiites and Americans , walk in the distance . ext . iraqi side of the border archie help Troy as they walk three abreast with doc. chopper be heard in the distance . they grow louder . imam turn and look back . archie turn around and look . six apache chopper approach from the distance close dolly archie . archie gate double time . he let go of Troy and start jogging toward the border . Troy can not jog , he crouch down , and be pass by the other . the Shiites look up at the chopper as they jog . Doc and walter look up also . archie do not . havichon in the humvee swing the mount gun up to the chopper as they pass overhead , loud . pan up to six apaches hover over everyone 's head and land in the 50 yard between archie and the border , block he path , blow up dust . archie , Troy , Doc , imam , the Shiites turn and wince in the blow sand . 10 U.S. military police jump from the landing chopper , follow by another ten U.S. troops with rifle . iraqi soldier watch apprehensively . m.p.s grab archie , Troy , and Doc , and pull they away from the Shiites . Troy shout over the chopper . troy wait . U.S. soldier push the Shiites toward the border . the Shiites , include two who carry vig 's body , run toward the border unaccompany by american protection . archie gate let they get over the border . Troy pull away from mp , resisting arrest . troy let they get over , wait -- plastic handcuffs be put onto Troy , behind he back . troy I have to reach this -- archie and Doc , not resisting , be handcuff in front -- archie gate put he cuff in front . he and Doc be pull away from Troy . iraqi soldier take the Shiites prisoner , grab they , throw some to the ground . Troy look over he shoulder at this as imam 's daughter be rip from he arm and he be throw to the ground and drag . troy look what 's happen . he collapse to one knee . captain van meter not we mission , barlow . Troy grimace on the ground , he can not breathe , but the cuff prevent he from release he valve . Troy struggle . troy cut my cuff -- Captain Van meter lean down to Troy . he shout over the chopper . captain van meter you fuck I and you be fuck now , so shut you goddamn mouth . Shiites be line up in a fire squad . doc he 's gonna die . Troy lie on the ground suffocating . archie drag the mp hold he as he go to General horn . archie gate goddamn it , ron , give he medical attention , do not let he die -- general horn we be not involved in the shiite problem , do you understand I ? you be awol , you be a fugitive , you be under arrest . archie gate cut he cuff . General horn walk away as mp stare at Troy on the ground , concerned . a US soldier stare -- upset by what 's happen , reach in he pocket , pull out a hunt knife , pop the blade , crouch down to Troy , exchange a look with the mp stand by , and cut Troy 's plastic cuff . Troy reach with difficulty to the valve on he chest turn it -- and breathes . archie look at Troy , then up at the border . imam and the Shiites be line up in a fire squad . vig 's body be drop in the sand . archie gate we get the gold . general horn what ? archie gate we get the kuwaiti bullion . general horn bullshit . archie pull away from the mps hold he and run toward the lead truck -- where mps grab and wrestle he down . archie gate pull that barrel . general horn pull it . a mp jump into the truck , push the barrel over ; 30 gold bar spill to the sand . the General look at the gold . Troy and Doc , hold in custody , watch . the General make a ' CUT ' signal to the chopper -- and the chopper engine cut off and whir down ; it grow quiet . the U.S. Soldiers -- hold walter and the driver in custody -- stand and watch archie . general horn how much do you have ? archie gate 4 ton . General horn pick up a gold brick . general horn where 's it at ? troy get they over first . archie gate they help we get it , ron . I make a deal , and that 's soldier 's honor . you can not fuck they now . General horn look at archie . archie gate you can return this gold , be a big hero , get another star maybe . everyone stare at General horn . after a pause , the General fire he pistol into the air . iraqi soldier freeze as they be about to fire on the Shiites . general horn let 's go , Doug . Captain Van meter and General horn walk 40 yard to the freeze iraqi soldier and the terrify Shiites . archie , Troy , Doc in handcuffs with mp , watch . walter and the other U.S. Soldiers watch from afar as Captain Van meter and General horn walk into the midst of iraqi soldier . general horn who 's in charge here ? a older iraqi general step forward and salute . general horn we have to talk about this situation . archie , Troy , Doc , U.S. soldier watch from a distance . archie' Pov from afar General horn talk to the iraqi general . back to the scene U.S. Soldiers watch . troy's Pov from afar General horn and Captain Van meter walk back toward they . it be quiet . no one say anything . Pan across paco taping . bill smithson in a morbid tableau this man have recover some of the gold bullion steal from Kuwait -- cathy daitch -- in violation of american policy , save over a hundred shiite refugee while recover steal kuwaiti gold -- general horn turn that damn camera off . he walk up and forcibly push the camera to the ground , Van meter push Cathy 's camera down . bill smithson that 's a 75 thousand dollar camera -- general horn what the fuck be they do here ? sargeant I think they be authorize -- general horn they be not fuck authorize , for Christ 's sake -- mps take the tape from the camera . general horn have not I take care of you , dammit ? he signal the chopper to start up . the chopper engine slowly whine into gear . cathy daitch I be gonna get that tape back . General horn walk over to Troy , archie , and doc. general horn you be under arrest . you be go to be court-martialed . and you will show we where the bullion be right now . he walk into a chopper , which be now revving at full speed . pan to Troy , archie , Doc turn to the border and watch . walter , the handcuff driver , the mp and other U.S. Soldiers also watch . the Shiites be release by the Iraqis . they collect themselves and gather in a group . the group walk over the border and be receive by the relief worker . Troy , archie , Doc watch . a U.S. soldier whistle through the loud chopper . soldier # 10 yeah . then another soldier join in , whistling and clapping . then another soldier , until all twenty U.S. Soldiers and mps present be whistling and cheer Troy , archie , and Doc as they stand there while the chopper throb . 50 yard away : imam hold he daughter , on the Iran side , about to get into a Red Crescent bus . imam and he daughter wave . archie raise he handcuff wrist to wave back ; Troy and Doc follow , raise they cuffed hand to wave . freeze frame . " I get around " by the Beach boy kick on . CUT to text over black : Troy barlow , archie Gates , and Doc elgin be court -martial and convict of disobey order and the wrongful death of conrad vig . they each serve eighteen month in a military prison . Bill smithson and Cathy daitch 's testimony result in reduce sentence . Troy barlow run he own carpet company in torrance , Cal . int . troy's carpet company - ( mos ) " I get around " continue . Troy excitedly give instruction to worker carry out big roll of carpet . he wear a short sleeve white shirt and a dark tie . his wife give he two year old daughter to he as she hold a new baby and Troy use a respiratory inhaler . CUT to text over black : Doc elgin apply to the U.S. Army ranger , but be deny . he then turn down Troy barlow 's offer to partner in the carpet business and plan to join archie Gates ' company . ext . kennedy airport - curbside ( mos ) music continue : Doc elgin take vuitton bag curbside at Kennedy airport and be give a ten dollar tip . CUT to text over black : archie gate become a military consultant in Hollywood . film set - ( mos ) music continue : archie on a film set , wear sunglass , show a action star how to push away the barrel of a bad guy 's rifle . CUT to text over black : Saddam Hussein be still in power . shiite refugee be still in Iran . late in 1991 , Iraq return the gold to the government of Kuwait . . . which claim that some be miss .