fade in 1 . outside country house - ext . night a ancient house , stand lonely in the middle of a desert landscape in Northern Germany ; lie there like a sleep giant under the starry sky . but something seem strange : all of the window and door have be nail shut . text chart : '' 1976 '' the headlight of a car pierce the darkness . a car halt in the yard . Three men step out . one of they be wear a police uniform . the man switch on they flashlight and look around . man # 1 how long have the house already be like this ? karl lindner , a keen police officer in he late thirty , approach the entrance door . he speak in a calm , hoarse voice . lindner no idea . I have not see they in week . lindner make himself a picture of the situation . he ring the doorbell . nothing stir inside the house . then , he try to get a look inside through one of the nail - shut window . through the crack , he can barely make out a faint pulsate light . lindner I have not see they in week . the three man exchange look . with a heavy heart , lindner make he decision : lindner we be go in . the third man fetch a crowbar and prepare to open the door with it . 2 . entrance area / country house - int . / night the house door break open with a loud crack . on the floor below the mail slot , there be pile of mail and unread newspaper which the door push out of the way as it open . the three man cautiously enter . they look around . the hallway be as dark as night . lindner try the light switch - nothing . the only light come from a tv - set run in the live room . 3 . live room - int . / night the three of they enter the live room . disgust , the first man hold a handkerchief to he mouth . man # 1 pooh , what a stench ... there be a massive armchair in the center of the room , in front of the television . - there seem to be someone sit in it . in the darkness we cannot recognize who it be . lindner carefully step closer . the second man stop in front of a large , dark stain on the wall . he touch it , draw back he hand and inspect it - blood . lindner slowly walk around the armchair . lindner my God ... marlene ...! during the next flicker of light from the television , we recognize the corpse of a woman around forty year of age . suddenly , lindner hear something behind he - breathe ! he turn around . indeed , hide in the semi-darkness , there be the shadow of a figure squatting on the floor . lindner Frank ... Hell , what happen in here ? lindner carefully approach the figure . it be a man , frank kosinski . he look scrawny , all skin and bone , with a pale and hollow face . he do not pay the least attention to lindner . mesmerized , he just stare at the dead woman in the armchair . the '' first man '' follow the direction the man be look in and take a careful look at the dead woman . something seem to be irritate he . man # 1 now that 's really odd . man # 2 what ? what be it ? man # 1 I have say she drown ... lindner lean over to the lethargic man in the shadow . lindner Frank ...!? he gently touch he shoulder . at the same moment , kosinski seem to snap out of it . he begin to scream in wild panic - loud , heartrend ! CUT to : 4 . title sequence a photo montage of corpse , preserve in the swamp over hundred and thousand of year : child , old people , warrior , farmer with hair stain red from the humin acid , bony extremity and shrivel face with skin that resemble a ancient landscape fade to : 5 . landscape of swamp in northern germany - ext . day the structure of the corpse 's skin fade into picture of a vast landscape of heath , forest and moor . a expensive offroad vehicle be lead a sport car along a desert country road . it 's a wonderful late - summer 's day . the two car take a bend ... 6 . outside country house - ext . day into the driveway of the same old house . it lie peacefully in the afternoon sun . the gravel crunch underneath the tire . a large move truck be already park outside . title chart : '' 23 year later '' 7 . offroad vehicle - int . / day driving the Jeep be ellen straub , a attractive , self - assure woman of approx . 30 year . asleep on the passenger 's seat beside she be she husband martin , who in no way resemble the cliché of the successful author - he have a rather boyish charisma and be a bit too attractive . ellen stop the car and take out some house key . she hold they right up to she sleep husband 's ear . then , she shake they . they tinkle . ellen ( playful ) Sir , we have arrive at you residence . Martin blink and take the key . martin thank you , James . the two of they step out of the car . 8 . in front of the house —- ext . day also get out of they sport car be paul - a dynamic look man in he mid-forty - and he wife claudia . despite they careful choice of casual dress , they still look like the epitome of snobbish city people . they take a look around . time have leave it 's mark on the old house : like a enchant castle , it be camouflage in waist-high grass and wildly rank shrub . Paul and Claudia exchange skeptic look . paul well , look here ! martin lady and gentleman : the '' straub country - residence '' . claudia it look more like the '' straub ruin '' . paul welcome to the far end of the world . ellen contradict . ellen the lap of nature . where 's you famous optimism ? two removal men climb out of the truck . one of they be still chew on he lunch . he point at he watch as he address Martin . removal man lunch break be ' till one o'clock . martin ( sarcastic ) sure , take you time . ( to ellen ) they get a lunch break before they even start work . cool job . laugh , the four of they enter the house . 9 . entrance area — int . day they step into the entrance area . the golden sunlight shine in stripe through the shutter . the house be old , monumental . one sense the century . a staircase lead upstairs , the room on the first floor be the kitchen and live room . a heavy wooden door open to the cellar stair . martin the country residence offer everything the doctor order for a stress author need : fresh air , clean water and - most of all - absolute peace and quiet . Paul walk upstairs . the staircase creak . paul this wood be pretty decaye . hope I do not land a floor lower . ellen although it would give you a perfect opportunity to visit we new wine cellar . claudia how old be this shack , anyway ? ellen four hundred year . come on , I will give you a tour of the museum ... ( blink a eye at Martin and Paul ) ..- while we husband already get to work . CUT to : 10 . in front of the house - ext . day Martin and Paul be lug a heavy desk out of the truck . as oppose to the two removal man , they be really work hard . paul damn , this thing be heavy . where do you want to have it ? martin tenth floor . paul very funny . CUT to : 11 . study - int . / day sweating , Martin and Paul be try to push the desk through the narrow door to the study . they be do a pretty awkward job of it . Martin 's hand brushes the door frame - a splinter . martin shit ! Martin draw back he hand . he 's hurt . paul what 's the matter ? Martin press a handkerchief on the wound and have a closer look at the door frame . it be totally splinter , as if someone have forcefully break the door open ! martin look at this . the lock be totally demolish . paul I guess someone lose they key . you do get you tetanus shot , I hope ? Martin be still look at the break lock . martin I mean , seriously : it be strange , be not it ? Paul put it off . only now do he have a better look around the room . paul so what if it be . there have not be anyone in this house for at least ten year . the study be cover with dust , the wall be stain and full of cobweb - blind , high arched window . single piece of furniture that the previous owner leave behind in this spacious room . martin twenty - three , to be exact . paul I wonder how you guy figure on renovate this whole place . you can afford to spend some money . if I be you , I have spare myself all the hard work . besides , do not you want to start write again ? Martin suddenly seem lose in think . martin yeah sure , I will . give I a little more time . Paul give he a downcast look . paul if you throw away you career , that will not change anything either . now do not get I wrong , but I be tell you this as you friend : you last book be awful . the publishing house be not even sure whether to extend you contract . Martin take the handkerchief from he wound and look at it . martin I do not care about my career right now , Paul . ellen and I need to get we mind on other thing , first . after everything we have be through . 12 . kitchen - int . / day ellen be drag a move carton full of dish into the kitchen . it seem to be very heavy . Claudia hook up a radio and switch it on . we hear a cheerful oldie ( life could be a dream ) . the song seem to bring back memory to ellen : she stare at the radio . ( transformation from radio to : ) 13 . dine room of CITY apartment - int . day flashback : ellen , Martin and they son thomas ( 8 year old ) be join at the breakfast table . the radio be on - it 's play the same tune . the little boy be totally absorb with he game-boy . Martin set a bowl of cornflake and fresh fruit on the table . 10 martin here , partner : a breakfast for champion . the little boy roll he eye and turn back to he game - boy . thomas I can not right now ! I be about to break the high -score ! ellen get into the discussion . ellen you do that . but first , eat you breakfast , tommi . now , Thomas react . he put the game-boy on the table . he continue the game with one hand , while he obediently shovel the breakfast cereal into he mouth with the other . martin go to show again who 's in command around here . Martin give ellen a playful pat on the behind and kiss she . ellen ( joke ) sometimes I get the feel you only love I for my body . Martin grin . martin why else ? ellen come on , say it . you know ... Martin seem to know exactly what ellen want to hear . martin oh no , not again . I just say it for you last week . 11 for a moment , the two of they stop pay attention to they son . suddenly , Thomas grab he throat . he swallow wrong . he choke without make a sound . ellen say it anyway . come on , how much do you love I ? martin ( quote ) '' with you , my life begin and with you shall it end ... '' ellen give he she most beautiful smile . Martin respond with a short kiss . at the same time , they hear the game- boy fall to the floor . it immediately draw they attention to Thomas . the little boy be desperately gasp for air . his face be already start to turn blue . Martin run to he . martin tommi , what 's the matter ? he pat Thomas on the back , attempt to clear he throat . ellen what be it ? what 's wrong with he ? Thomas cough , choke , but he can not get he throat clear . Martin recognize the situation . martin ( yell ) this be serious ! Quick , call emergency ! ellen hurry to the phone . Martin realize that hit Thomas 's back be not do any good . he use he finger to try to get the swallow piece out of he son 's throat . for Thomas , it be a battle against death . ellen have get through to the emergency line . she speak into the phone with distress . 12 ellen this be straub . you have to come , fast ! my son , he swallow something ... Quick , he 's choke to death ... Martin 's attempt at help he son remain futile . Thomas be beginning to lose conscience . Martin sweep the table free of dish in a single move and lay the little boy down flat . he reach for a sharp fruit knife . ellen come run . ellen what be you do ? Martin hold the tip of the knife to the boy 's throat . it 's not easy , since he son be wildly kick around himself . martin I have to cut he windpipe ... ellen ( horrify ) you be not a doctor , you will hurt he ! martin ( scream ) what else should I do , damn it , he 's die ! again , Martin prepare to cut - he hold the knife to the larynx . the boy 's movement grow weaker . ellen too high , you be way too far up ... you have to cut here ... she point at the spot below the larynx while hold she little son tight . martin ellen , move aside ... 13 ellen oh God , tommi .. Martin prepare to cut , but he can not - he tremble hand refuse to move . Endless second pass . the voice blur , like in a dream . the music play on the radio seem to become louder and louder ( life could be a dream ) . ellen what 's the matter ? come on , cut ... Martin look up at he wife . he can not do it . claudia ( 0o.s. ) ellen ! 14 . kitchen - int . day ellen start . claudia ellen , be you alright ? Claudia have already start unpack the carton . ellen quickly switch the radio off . she try to act as if nothing happen . ellen I be fine . I be just distract for a moment . Claudia notice how upset she friend be and want to put she arm around ellen 's shoulder . but just then , the removal man push they way past they with a cupboard . Claudia drop the issue with a look of sympathy . CUT to : 14 15 . in front of the house - ext . dusk the old house be rest peacefully in the sunset . the last ray of sunlight paint the horizon orange . warm light shine out through the window of the house . 16 . kitchen - int . / night the four friend be join at the dinner table , surround by pack carton . they shadow be silhouett outside the large window . behind they lie the vast , lonely moor . Martin open himself a beer , raise it for a toast . martin to we hard - work wife . claudia do not rejoice too soon . the bill be already on it 's way . they toast with they bottle . ellen take herself a cigarette . Martin notice it with disapproval . claudia I still can not picture it : the two of you as country folk . I be tell you , in six week you will be back in the city . paul hold it right there ! I hate to play the big boss , but as Martin 's publisher I can only say : make the best of the peace and quiet , the fresh air and all that - and write a new masterpiece ! ellen give Martin a skeptical look - the moment of silence be almost too long . martin first thing first . now it 's we turn - just the two of we . 15 Martin 's hand wander over to ellen 's . she react a bit hesitantly at first , but then they hold each other tight . CUT to : 17 . bathroom - int . night ellen be take a shower , wash off the dirt from a hard day 's work . the bathroom fill with steam . ellen turn off the water faucet and step out of the shower cabin . she reach for a towel and wrap it around herself . something catch she eye in the fogge - up mirror . there be a number , as if someone have use a finger to write it into the moisture : '' 7 '' . she wipe the mirror clean and look at it . fade to : 18 . in front of the house - ext . day the follow day : a warm late - summer 's morning . the house stand lonely in the ray of the rise sun . occasional dew drop glitter in the grass . 19 . bedroom - int . day ellen be asleep in she bed , despite the sun shine right in she face . Martin enter the room with a tray load with breakfast delicacy . he hold it under ellen 's nose . martin ( act gallant ) '' wake up , wake up , it 's break of day . '' Paul and Claudia have already leave , you sleepyhead . 16 ellen hide under she blanket . Martin set down the tray . martin you be right . forget about get up . we will have breakfast in bed . ellen resurface with a grin . she be still sleepy . Martin jump into bed and crawl under the blanket . ellen how romantic ! he playfully burrow around under the blanket , make silly grunt sound . ellen giggle . suddenly , Martin stick he head out . ellen ( laugh ) stop that ! martin ( with a grunt voice ) you 'il never get away from I ! he grab she and pull she under the blanket . ellen scream , and laugh . 20 . study = int . day Martin be work at he computer . everything be still set up a bit provisionally . only Martin 's novel have already be sort into a shelf , with 10 copy of '' cherry - red tear '' in front . he be try to write , but by the look on he face and he hesitant type , we can tell that it 's obviously not go so well . ellen carefully approach he from behind , hug he and give he a kiss on the cheek . ellen so , how do it feel to be kiss by two woman ? 17 martin they say it 's fantastic . at least that 's what I read in a man 's magazine . so who be the two lucky one ? ellen I and the muse , of course . how be you book come along ? he grin and take she in he arm . martin oh , the muse ... we be still have we difference . you know how it be with woman . ellen well then , I guess I have better leave the two of you alone . but do not forget ... Martin finish she think . martin we want to take some time out for ourselves . I know . and I ’1l1 only work a little while , I promise . just as ellen prepare to leave , she catch sight of a old photograph lie on top of one of the carton . she pick it up and take the dust off of it . under the dust , she find a old black and white picture of a couple with very earnest look . the retouch , pitch - black eye give the photo a somewhat eerie touch . all of a sudden , unexpectedly , the man on the photo turn he head . his dead eye look straight at ellen ! startle , she drop the picture to the floor . Martin spin around . martin what 's the matter ? 18 ellen hesitantly pick up the picture and look at it again . it be only she imagination . it be a normal , old black and white photo . ellen ( irritate ) oh , nothing . where do this picture come from ? Martin turn back to he work . martin I find it here . it 's kind of creepy , do not you think ? ellen make a face . ellen yeah . it be , kind of . she put the picture back and leave . 21 . live room - int . night ellen come out of the kitchen and walk into the dark live room . she be carry some sandwich on a tray . the room be only light by the flicker of the television set . a spooky atmosphere . in front of the tv be a large , old armchair ( the same one from the open sequence ! ) . ellen frown . she slowly walk closer to it . ellen Martin ? suddenly , Martin 's voice come from behind the armchair . martin damn ! Martin pound he flat hand against the television . the screen show no image , only snow . ellen set down the tray . 19 ellen what kind of a horrible thing be that ? martin it still work in town . ellen I mean the armchair ! martin oh , that be upstairs . a real antiquity ! I think it 's great . ellen instinctively feel appal by the old piece of furniture . ellen I do not know . Martin be still fight with the tv - set , try to finda channel . ellen maybe the antenna 's break . martin we’ be probably lucky that we even have run water and electricity ! damned box ! he hit the tv with he fist . suddenly , everything be dark ! ellen hey ... the fuse . martin oh , damnit ! he look for a flashlight and switch it on . ellen do you know where fuse box be ? martin in the cellar , I think . wait , I will take care of it . 20 he leave the room . 22 . cellar - int . / night Martin open the fuse box and shine inside with he flashlight : a moldy mess of half - corrode wire lead into various ancient switch . the entire construction make a dangerous impression . martin ( talk to himself God , look at that ... the cellar seem even older than the house . it be a large , cold sandstone catacomb . several pillar support the ceiling . the wall be clammy and cold . Martin be stand in the darkness . something approach he from behind - slowly , threateningly . Martin be look for the blow fuse . the thing come closer . finally , it grab he . ellen boo ! Martin spin around , startle . martin Jesus Christ ! ellen laugh . ellen I want to know what 's take you so long . you have be down here forever . ( look around , shiver ) it sure be cold down here . we certainly will not be need a freezer . she catch sight of a old shelf load with all kind of strange old junk . the shelf look old and rickety . ellen shake at it , testing its stability . - 20 - 21 ellen we will sure be sorting a bunch of this stuff out . Martin point to the fuse box . martin look at this ! we ’1ll have to fix the whole wiring . this stuff be dangerous as hell . ellen we 'il call for someone from town first thing in the morning . martin be you crazy ? that cost a fortune ! ellen do you have a better idea ? martin I will do it myself . ellen you ? martin my father be a electrician . already forget that ? ellen my father be a pilot . and do I know how to fly ? there 's a lot more ellen would like to say about this , but she contend herself with a meaningful look . ellen just do I a favor and do not get yourself roast ! Martin fumble with one of the bigger switch , finally flip it to the other side . click ! the catacomb be light : a lonely 40 - Watt lamp dangle from the ceiling cast a dim light . - 21 - 22 Martin give ellen a triumphant smile . CUT to : 23 . outside of the house door = ext . night ellen be lean against the door frame , dreamily gaze into the night . she be smoking a joint . Martin step up from behind and take the hand - roll '' cigarette '' out of she hand with a swift move . he toss it away . martin hey , flower child , the sixty be over . and this stuff be hazardous to you health . ellen yes , daddy . she give he a hasty kiss and walk to the car . martin where be you go ? ellen well , if you will not let I smoke grass , then at least I ’1ll go get myself some cigarettes . ellen get in the car and take off . Martin contemplatively watch she go . martin that stuff be gonna end up kill you . CUT to : - 22 - 23 24 . country road inside car = ext . night ellen be behind the steering wheel . she light up a cigarette as she drive down a lonely road . there be a small bridge in the distance . ellen slow down . she glance at a road sign . suddenly , she eye widen . she take a second look . the road sign clearly read : '' you have 6 day to live '' the shock hit she like a fist . it take she a moment to react . then , she slam she foot on the brake pedal . the car halt with screeching tire . ellen shift into reverse gear and drive back . she stop by the sign . she read : '' Max . 6 to agricultural vehicle pass '' - a perfectly normal sign . ellen be confuse . how creepy . she continue on she way , feel a bit sick to the stomach . 25 . in front of the house = ext . night ellen park in front of the house and step out of the car . she look wear -out . Martin have pile up all of the old furniture from the house . ellen walk over to he . ellen what be you do ? martin make we very own solstice fire . a match light up . the stack furniture quickly catch fire . only now do Martin notice the state he wife be in . - 23 - 24 martin be everything alright ? be not you feel well ? ellen I just have a really strange experience . Martin give she a question look . ellen on a ordinary traffic sign , I read ... ellen interrupt she sentence . she 's just too embarrassed to say it . ellen oh , nothing . I guess I just still have not recover as well as I try to make everyone believe . Martin put he arm around she and hold she close . ellen maybe I should talk to Dr. roth about it . martin hey , take you time . you know time heal better than any shrink ever can . Arm in arm , ellen and Martin stand by the burn pile of furniture , stare into the fire . ellen I have a funny feel . do you think we will get over all that 's happen ? martin we just have to make a new beginning . ellen cherry -re tear . - 24 - 25 martin what ? ellen cherry -re tear , you first book . I read it at least nine time . and then I find out you be go to attend some kind of book fair . martin not a book fair . I be signing autograph in a department store . ellen I be so excited about meeting you . again and again , I keep get in the back of the line so I could be the last to talk to you . martin and two month later , we get marry . and all because of one sentence : ( quote ) '' with you , my life begin and with you shall it end ... '' this sentence strike a chord within ellen . it harden she heart . ellen do not say that . please . a short moment of silence . ellen 's eye well up with tear . ellen I miss tommi so much . martin so do I , believe I . ellen do you really think anything can ever be like it be before ? - 25 - 26 martin maybe different . I do not know , ellen . ellen if we stand a chance at all , it 's only by stick together . Martin give she a tender kiss . the fire cast a warming shine on the two of they and the old house - in the loneliness of the moor . CUT to : 26 . kitchen - int . day ellen be wear a paint-stain flannel shirt . she be busy painting the kitchen wall . the radio be play in the background . radiobroadcaster a very special day today . exceptionally hot , even for this time of year . and all the window in my studio be already wide open ... '' ellen be not pay much attention to the radio . suddenly , the tone of the radiobroadcaster 's voice get a more penetrate touch . radiobroadcaster by the way , ellen : you have five day leave to live . ellen freeze . she turn pale . then suddenly , a noise - someone be knock on the window . ellen spin around and , startle , tip over a bowl . it smashes on the floor . stand by the open window be Karl lindner , a total stranger to ellen . - 26 - obviously , hair gray . same . 27 he be much older now . his face be cave in , he however , he pleasant demeanor have stay the he realize that he 's startle she . lindner oh , sorry . I do not mean to scare you . for a moment , ellen be at a loss for word . she look back to the radio , where the normal program be be continue . radiobroadcaster and match today 's weather it 's time for some more of the hot music of the North ... " ellen turn the radio off . ellen hello . can I help you ? lindner do this dog here belong to you ? sitting next to he be a large mix - breed with friendly eye . he offer ellen no , I have never see he before . lindner you know , I see he sit outside you gate ... oh , I be sorry , I be forget my manners again ! I have not even introduce myself yet . hi , my name 's lindner . Karl lindner . she he hand through the window . ellen ellen straub . 28 lindner it 's a pleasure . you be from the city , right ? ellen do I look like it that much ? lindner Village gossip . you be a real attraction here . ellen be still shook up by the radio announcement , but nevertheless try to hold up a conversation . ellen you be from around here , be not you ? there 's something I have be wonder about the whole time : this house , why have it be empty all this year ? I mean , I doubt if it be the price . lindner suddenly turn evasive and cool . lindner I guess it 's too lonely for most folk . ( glance at he watch ) it 's time for I to get go . it 's be a pleasure meeting you . ellen wait , will not you join I for a cup of coffee ? he turn down the offer , a touch too vehemently . lindner no , thank you . I need to get back home . my wife be wait . he leave . ellen contemplatively watch he go . Martin enter the kitchen and put he arm around she . martin who be that ? 29 ellen someone from the village . she turn around to face he . ellen Martin , there 's something I ... uh ... need to tell you about . CUT to : 27 . live room - int . / day Martin be seat in the old armchair . ellen across from he . he be grin . martin okay , now let I see if I have get this straight . first you get warning from a road sign and then from the weather forecast . which one of we two be the author again ? ellen feel disappointed and misunderstand . ellen Martin , it 's not funny ! martin you know , it 's not always easy for I , either . but at least I try not to give in to each and every neurosis . now he 's get she angry . ellen well , apparently it be a big mistake to try talk to you . do not you remember what we promise to each other ? honesty - trust ! = 29 - 30 martin come on , this be not about honesty . you just need a good night 's sleep . the way you toss and turn all night , even I hardly get any sleep . ellen realize there be no use in discuss this any further . ellen well , excuse I for have bother you with my problem . she leave the live room and walk out on Martin . 28 . hallway - int . day ellen be use a spatula to scratch the old - fashioned , yellow wallpaper off of the wall . she be still upset , and really take it out on the wallpaper . Martin come walk up the step . he be carry a plate full of small , deform cake . martin for you . he hold out the plate to she . ellen throw a skeptical look at the mishap pastry . she will not be bribe this easily . ellen now , what do I do to deserve this ? martin come on , at least try one . it take I two hour to make this . ellen go back to scratch off the wallpaper . Martin change he tactic . 31 martin what I really mean to say be : I be sorry . I be a real bonehead sometimes . but it 's just that I be worried about you . I be afraid you might get carry away with something like that . ellen interrupt she work and take one of the cake . she taste it . ellen tastes awful . she grin . Martin return a smile . martin but baked with lot of love . Martin help himself to a small cake , too . he bite off a piece , and make a sour face . then , he take ellen 's piece out of she hand . martin I think I have better get rid of this . after all , I do not want to kill you . he turn to leave . ellen Martin ... Martin stop at the bottom of the staircase . ellen ... maybe you be right and I just need to get some sleep . do not worry . I x11 get settle in sooner or later . CUT to : 32 29 . in front of the house - ext . night the farmhouse lie in the loneliness of a starless night . silhouettes of gnarled tree reach for the sky like black claw . 30 . entrance area - int . / night it 's dark . a eerie silence fill the house . suddenly , there be a child 's voice call in the distance . child 's voice mommy ... 31 . bedroom - int . night Martin and ellen be asleep in they bed . child 's voice mommy ! ellen wake up out of she light slumber . she open she eye and look around , search . ellen tommi ...? the voice clearly echoe through the house . ( it sound like Thomas 's call before the accident . ) child 's voice mommy ... ellen silently sit up . she be wide awake . she try to wake up Martin . ellen ( whisper ) Martin ... do you hear that ? no chance - Martin only mumble a few unintelligible word and continue to sleep . ellen get out of bed . 33 CUT to : 32 . entrance area - int . / night almost mechanically , the child 's call repeat itself . child 's voice mommy ... ellen carefully head down the stair , toward the entrance door . the voice seem to be come from outside . ellen open the door , frighten . 33 . in front of the house - ext . night the pale moonlight dip the landscape into a ghostly atmosphere . ellen 's eye search through the darkness . there ! there be something in the distance . a child ! the child be stand in the tall grass , look toward ellen . ellen tommi ? she can not believe she eye . it really be she little Thomas ! he smile . there be something about the way he move that make it look as if he 's float . ellen ( louder ) tommi ! the little boy laugh . he turn around and run away in the grass ; as if in play . ellen snap out of she stiffness and chase after he . the small figure slowly disappear in the increasingly tall grass . 34 34 . forest in the moor - ext . night ellen be run farther and farther away from the house . she stop . ellen tommi , wait ! but the little boy keep run further . ellen follow he , but she path grow increasingly toilsome . her foot sink deeper and deeper into the moor . now , the child be out of sight . ellen be devastate . she trip and fall to the ground . the swamp enclose she . ellen fight against the marsh that she be sink into deeper and deeper . suddenly , the little boy step back out of the darkness . he stay a few foot away from ellen . he smile as he watch ellen sink into the deadly swamp . with a sudden jerk , a unknown force pull she down into the moor . she be swallow by the earth . 35 . bedroom - int . / day ellen abruptly wake up from she nightmare ! she look around herself . she be in she comfortable bedroom flood with the warm ray of the morning sun . Martin 's side of the bed be already empty . then , she hesitates . something feel wrong . ellen throw back she sheet . horror - she bed be full of mud . ellen want to scream . she barely manage to suppress it . CUT to : 35 36 . study hallway — int . day Martin be sit at he computer , busily type . he seem to be make progress on he book . in the background , ellen hurry past the study . she be carry the dirty sheet under she arm . without look up from the monitor , Martin call through the open door : martin so , do you sleep good ? 37 . kitchen - int . / day ellen ( call to Martin ) yeah ... I have to go to town . ellen enter the kitchen . she hastily stuff the bed - sheet into the wash machine . ellen be there anything you need ? she turn the wash machine on and head for the door . 38 . entrance area - int . day ellen be about to leave the house . the door be already open . in the entrance area , she find the dog ( that lindner have previously discover in they garden ) sit in front of the cellar door . ellen pet he in pass . ellen ( to the dog ) hey , you be still here . I suppose you like it here with we . martin ( 0o.s. ) ( call from the study no , thanks . I have everything I need . drive safely , you hear ? 36 ellen be already out the door . she pull it shut behind she . CUT to : 39 . consulting room of prof . roth - int . / day a pleasantly decorate consulting room . stand by a window be prof . ulrich roth ( Professor of psychiatry ) , a distinguished man around 50 year of age . prof . roth you see , there be various approach to a explanation for what you be currently go through . ellen be hunch in a chair opposite of he . prof . roth turn around to face she and take a seat behind he desk . the leather chair creak . prof . roth one of the latest theory claim that at certain frequency , air conditioner create a oscillation that can , in fact , cause hallucination . they may also be due to the interior pressure of you eye and so on and so forth . personally I believe that all of this be nonsense . the loss of a child be a traumatic experience . subconsciously , you may still be blame yourself for it , and maybe now believe that you son should punish you ... ellen impatiently cut he short . 37 ellen listen , it 's one thing to have a guilt complex . but I know the difference between when I be overstrung and when I be see thing that be simply not there ! besides , it only begin after we move ! prof . roth ( hesitantly ) there be , of course , another possible explanation which I dearly hope be not the case . lose in think , prof . roth tap he pen on he desktop . ellen and that be ? prof . roth a tumor - which could cause pressure on certain part of the brain and , thus , influence you perception . ellen stare at he , shocked . prof . roth just to be on the safe side , I would like to have a few test do . CUT to : 40 . computer tomograph - int . day ellen be lie on a stretcher , slowly be move into the open of the computer tomograph . she be wear a pale - green hospital garment . the penetrate sound of the machine - technical coldness . 4i . doctor 's office = int . day blood be fill into a cannula . 38 ellen be sit on a stretcher . the nurse pull the needle out of she arm . dr . schleth , a man who make a somewhat lethargic impression , enter the room and fasten the tomograph shot in front of a illuminate surface on the wall . dr . schleth congratulation . you be definitely the healthiest person I have have in ct for year . ellen heave a sigh of relief . dr . schleth Dr. roth give I this for you . Three time a day , after meal . he hand she a box of tablet . ellen what be this ? dr . schleth fluctin . a pretty strong antidepressive ... if you ask I , I have try to do without they first . he take a look into she health record . dr . schleth you come from goldmoor ? ellen answer absent-mindedly . ellen we just move there . dr . schleth ( by-the - way ) one time , when I be in college , we examine a swamp corpse in pathology . they have excavate it there . now he have ellen 's attention . 39 dr . schleth Three or four thousand year old . but I do not deal with the subject any more than necessary . you know , I never like pathology . somehow , I always feel it reduce human to something they be not . suddenly , Dr. schleth 's beeper go off . he take a quick glance at it and turn to leave . ellen Dr. schleth . the doctor stop at the door . ellen what do you believe happen to a human after he die ? the otherwise reserve Dr. schleth suddenly seem very human . dr . schleth you mean , do I believe in something like a soul ? he smile mischievously . dr . schleth I have not see one on any of my x- ray picture , yet . but then again , what would x- ray know ? he turn around and walk out . lose in think , ellen watch he leave . 42 , in front of the house - ext . / night ellen steer the car into the driveway and climb out . the dog run to greet she , wag its tail . ellen kneel down in front of the dog and pet it . 40 ellen hey , girl ! here , I bring you something . she take a collar with a little bell on it out of she purse and put it around the dog 's neck . ellen now all we need be a name for you . how about Clara - okay , then : Clara . she walk to the house door . the dog follow she inside as if it be the most natural thing to do . the bell jingle . 43 , entrance area - int . / night ellen enter the hallway . at the same time , Martin come upstairs from the cellar . ellen hi , love . trouble with the fuse again ? Martin lock the door behind he . martin it 's a real mess . I think it have be better for you not to go down there for a while . it 's just too dangerous . he drop the key for the cellar into he pocket . ellen watch this with irritation . Martin 's entire behavior seem odd . behind ellen , the dog trot into the corridor . martin do not tell I you have make friend with that wander flea circus ? ellen why not ? she can guard the house . by the way , I give she a name : Clara . 41 she pet the dog , not notice the frown on Martin 's face . martin where have you be all day ? ellen I go to see prof . roth ! you know , I have another one of that dream last night . I see tommi ! suddenly , the look on Martin 's face soften again . he take ellen into he arm to comfort she . martin ellen ... we tommi be dead . and there 's nothing we can do about it . ellen rest she head against he shoulder . ellen you know , Martin , since we move to this house ... sometimes I just get the feel that the past be catch up to we again ... Martin interrupt she with unexpected ill temper and frees himself from the hug . martin oh ! now we be get to the point ! so all of a sudden , it 's the house . yesterday , it be a road sign . and the first thing you do be go and run to '' Dr. Freud '' ! he head for the study , leave ellen behind . ellen call after he : ellen but that 's not the point ! what if all this thing be somehow connect ? 42 martin oh , baloney . you should just hear yourself talk ! he tread up the staircase . martin I will be in the study , just in case you decide to get reasonable , after all . ellen watch he with consternation . she go into the kitchen , worried . 44 , kitchen - int . night lose in think , ellen take out a cup and pour herself a cup of coffee from a thermos . she take the pill that she get from Dr. schleth out of she purse and study they . she look out through the window , at the dreamlike landscape of the moor . there be a warm evening breeze . suddenly , ellen 's eye focus on the reflection of she face in the window . she faintly discern something strange on she forehead : '' 4 '' ! startle , she touch she forehead . there be nothing on it . when she take a second look at she reflection , everything be normal again . the dog trot up to ellen , whining balefully . ellen ( to the dog ) either Martin be right or I be really start to lose my mind ... for a moment , she consider take one of the tablet . but then , she determinedly throw the whole package in the trash can . 43 CUT to : 45 . in the village - ext . day ellen park she car in the center of the nearby village . the small township be smother in a humid summer 's heat . ellen head for a bookstore with Clara trot in behind . 46 . at the bookstore - int . day ellen enter the shop . it be unusually dark and quiet in here . she run she finger across the shelf , search . she pass by a stand with pocket book , also include several copy of '' cherry - red tear '' next to Stephen King 's '' shine '' . she stop for a moment . smile . then , she find the department for book on psychology . she pull out a book title '' the Inner child - the ghost of the past '' . leafs through it . she stop at a certain page : ellen ( quietly read to herself '' ... certain place arouse recollection and link within we ... '' suddenly , ellen hear a voice behind she . sale lady ( 0o.s. ) first buy it , then read it ! ellen look up . the sale lady be stand in front of she : a skinny woman with small eye suspiciously beam at ellen . ellen yes , of course ... I will take it . she place the book on the counter . all of a sudden , the sale lady have turn into the world 's most friendly person . ellen follow she to the cash register and give she the book . 44 the sale lady skeptically eye the psychology book while she note the price . ellen put the money on the counter and turn to leave the store , when the sale lady speak up again . sale lady you be the wife of that author , be not you ? ellen turn back to face she . ellen Martin straub , yes . sale lady use to write some nice book , you husband . but that last one be awful . a terrible book . do not sell , either . ellen really can not think of a answer to that . sale lady I read it - violent trash . my husband say so , too . ellen well , I have get to get go ... ' bye . ellen walk out of the shop . the sale lady keep talk . her eye be cold . sale lady ( loud ) it 's bad and it 's violent . I do not like that kind of stuff . tell that to you husband . 47 . outside bookstore — ext . day Clara be still wait in front of the bookstore when ellen come back outside . 45 ellen come on , Clara . let 's get out of here . just as she set out for she car , she discover Karl lindner and he wife . he seem to want to pass by she without say hello . ellen Mr. lindner ! lindner realize he have no way out of this situation . lindner oh , Mrs. straub . May I introduce you to my wife ? mrs . lindner just call I elisabeth . she seem like a truly honest person and very awake , despite she advanced age . ellen shake hand with she . ellen ellen . mrs . lindner you be do fine , be not you ? I mean ... the two of you alone in that house , so far out in the moor . lindner nudge he wife with he elbow . ellen in the moor ? what do you mean by that ? Mrs. lindner want to answer something , but she husband head she off . lindner stop scare people . l let 's go . we need to be on we way . mrs . lindner Excuse we . but do stop by for a visit sometime ! you be welcome anytime . 46 lindner manage a smile and lead he wife away by the arm . lindner have a nice day . as soon as they be out of hearing distance , Mrs. lindner tell she husband with obvious anger : mrs . lindner ( quiet , reproachfully ) you do not tell she ! lindner we should leave the past alone . mrs . lindner well , it will never leave we alone as long as you ignore it . back to ellen : she watch the two of they go for a moment . then , she get into she car and drive off . CUT to : 48 . study - int . dusk Martin be in the study , work at he computer . he be in a write frenzy , type in the word like a madman . ellen come through the door . she be carry the book about goldmoor in she hand . at first , Martin do not react to she . he keep on type . ellen it seem to be go well for you . Martin continue to type as he speak . martin where have you be ? ellen in the village . look what I find . she open nose . Martin be 47 the book to a certain page and hold it under he annoyed for have to interrupt he work . martin psychology , huh ? so , what side of the rainbow be we on today ? ellen point out a certain passage in the book . ellen ( read out loud ) '' event commonly interprete as haunt apparition often result from psychic disharmony or undigested traumatic ordeal ... '' martin ( impatient ) ellen , what be you try to prove , anyway ? that we have create ourselves a ghost ? come on ! ellen persistently try to get through to he . suddenly , ellen it 's just a feel . do not you sense it , too ? martin what ? what be I suppose to sense ? ellen the house - tommi - something just do not jive here ... Martin 's voice get disproportionately loud . martin now you go start that again . we decide together , to build up something new here . I , for my part , be work on it very hard . but oddly , you seem to have change you mind . 48 ellen want to reply something but just then , the doorbell ring . martin who 's that ? ellen I have not the slight idea . when she see that Martin do not intend to answer the door , ellen go downstairs herself . 49 , entrance area ~- int . night ellen open the door . stand in the doorway be Paul and Claudia , both in the best of mood . paul and claudia surprise ! ellen hug they , she mind still halfway on Martin . ellen well , this really be a surprise ! come on in ! Martin come downstairs . he seem anything but pleased by the company . Paul give he a jovial pat on the shoulder . paul hey , my man ! how 's the masterpiece come along ? martin not so bad , if I could get some peace and quiet around here . Paul understand the side-swipe . paul hey , hey , hey ! say no more until you have see what we bring : 49 he put a wide grin on he face . ellen and Martin exchange quick look . Paul pull something out from behind he back . paul scrabble ! CUT to : 50 . live room - int . / night Martin look annoyed . the four friend be comfortably seat around the live room table . each of they have a glass of wine . while they play scrabble , Paul tell a dirty story . paul God , you should have see he ! elke schneider enter the room and storm up to he . she be tremendous . her breast be so big that just recently , there be a discussion about whether they should be give country name of they own . laughter all around the table . Martin be the only one who be not delighted . but ellen be clearly relieved by this moment of normality in the house . ellen Paul , you and you storey ... I have really miss you ! Claudia look around the live room . apparently , she like what she 's see . claudia I be impressed ! you two have really get quite a bit do , already . the sack with the scrabble - letter be pass on to ellen . she reach inside . 50 ellen what do you think ? we work we finger to the bone and now , we be both about to have a nervous breakdown . ellen place the letter on the table in front of she and begin to shuffle they back and forth . claudia I really would not have think you two could stand it out here for this long . to tell the truth , we even have some bet go with a couple of people ... but ellen be not pay attention to Claudia 's word any more . terrify , she stare at she scrabble -stone , which she have already put together . the letter form the word : t-h-r-e-e--d-a-y-s everyone be wait for she to make she turn . Paul start nag . paul well ? be you go to play ? ellen feverishly gather up she letter stone and throw they back into the sack . she shake it with special thoroughness and draw anew . ellen I pass . Paul be pleased . he put down he word . paul triple word score , that make 72 point . now what do you say to that , honey -bunny ? claudia my hero . they kiss . 51 ellen line up she newly draw stone in front of herself again . Martin watch she . ellen can not believe she eye . again , she letter combination spell out : t-h-r-e-e--d-a-y-s this time , the other notice the look on ellen 's face , too . claudia ellen , what 's wrong ? it take ellen a moment to answer . ellen I just get exactly the same letter for the second time . she give Martin a significant look and show he she letter-board . this time , she have proof ! martin ( sarcastically oh , '' three day '' . a new message ! he turn to Paul and Claudia . martin because - you know - ellen be receive message from road sign , radio broadcaster and now from scrabble game stone . he turn ellen 's letter- board around for the other to see . Martin 's reaction hit ellen like a fist . she feel humiliate . she be at a loss for word . martin and the best part be : she think the message be mean to announce she death . ( make a '' spooky '' noise ) hooooo ... 52 Claudia look back and forth between Martin and ellen . she realize how serious the situation be . as oppose to Paul , who pull out a news article . paul talk about spooky . Martin , do you remember that splinter door to the study ? I guess there be more to it than just a lose key . the headline of the article read : '' murder in goldmoor -— many question remain unanswer '' . ellen let I see that ! ellen take the article . the picture underneath show Karl lindner in police uniform , 23 year young . before she even have a chance to read the article , Martin grab the newspaper out of she hand . he crumple up the paper and angrily turn to Paul . martin just perfect , Paul ! well do ! can not you tell that my wife be upset enough already ? and then you come up with this kind of a story ?! ellen have regain she composure . she be still outrage . ellen what do you think you be do , anyway ? now give I back that article ! Martin show no sign of reaction . martin ellen , I just do not want you to get upset for no reason . he try to conciliate by put he arm on she shoulder . but ellen shake he off . 53 ellen ( sarcastic ) how thoughtful of you ! a unpleasant moment of silence . ellen look at Claudia and Paul - she do not want to make a fool of herself . ellen Excuse I for a moment . she storm out of the room . Paul and Claudia both look a bit sheepish . Martin hold the article to a candle and burn it in a ashtray . martin she should not be worry about this stuff . lately , she 's be act strange enough already . 51 . in front of the house - ext . night ellen be stand in front of the house . lose in think , she take a drag from she cigarette . Claudia come out of the house and join she . claudia what 's this go on between you two ? ellen oh , I do not know . I be hope thing would get better once we move . claudia but nothing get any better ? ellen 's eye wander over the vast landscape of moor which the darkness of the night have transformed into a surreal shadow painting . 54 ellen lately , Martin have not be he normal self . the work , the relocation ... claudia you have to give he some time , ellen . he 's under enormous pressure right now . he have not write a single decent sentence since the accident . ellen take a last long drag from she cigarette , throw it on the ground and put it out with she foot . ellen yes , I know . I try my best . it 's just that ... sometimes I wonder if we make a mistake by move here . 52 , live room - int . / night Martin and Paul be still seat opposite each other . a strange atmosphere . Paul be try hard to keep up a conversation . paul so , work be go well , you say ? Martin make a very calm impression . in the background , the dog be bark at the cellar door . martin ( calmly ) yes. splendid . I finally find a story that 's both : thrill and true to life . now , Clara start to bark at the cellar door . paul I be glad to hear that . you know ... Martin have a sudden outburst and yell : 55 martin ( to the dog ) now shut up , you stupid bitch ! Paul be all confuse now . he throw a helpless look toward the entrance door . paul you know , I think I have to get up early in the morning . we ought to get go . 53 . entrance area - int . night Clara be still bark at the cellar door . then , she start to claw at the crack below the door , as if she have discover something behind it . CUT to : 54 . in front of the house - ext . day the next morning : the house be enclose in a light curtain of early morning fog . everything seem oddly quiet . not a single bird be chirp . the calm before the storm . 55 . bedroom - int . day ellen wake up out of she light sleep . she look around . Martin 's side of the bed be empty and unused . Martin do not spend the night by she side . CUT to : 56 56 . kitchen - int . day ellen enter the kitchen in she bathrobe . she put ona pot of coffee . Martin come in . martin hi , darling . ellen turn around to face he . she be terror-stricken . his hand be cover with blood . he seem to be oblivious to it . in the best of mood , he walk to the kitchen sink while he continue to speak . martin at last , I be back on top ! seventy page in one night ! I have say that just about break the record ... he start wash he hand with meticulous care . the red - stain water run into the drain . ellen close she eye and fight the panic welling up inside of she . martin ellen ? be everything alright ? she open she eye again . she take a second look and see that what she think to be blood be only wall paint . she discover a bucket with a paintbrush beside the kitchen door . she try to conceal she thought . ellen oh , sure . I be just a little ... dizzy . she hastily grab the dog 's food dish and fill it . - simply to be do something ; anything . ellen I ought to give Clara something to eat . ellen go outside . 57 57 . in front of the house - ext . / day ellen carry the dish outside and start search for Clara . ellen Clara ! nothing stir . ellen come here , Clara ! I have get something yummy for you . then , she catch sight of something dark lie a bit away in the grass . ellen put down the dog food and run toward the spot . there , lie in the tall grass she find the dog . it 's dead ! it look as if a wild animal have attack Clara . ellen oh , no ! ( loud ) Martin ! she kneel down beside the animal 's dead body . ellen ( scream ) Martin ! Martin come out of the house and stop at the door . he be calm - too calm . martin what ? ellen look at this ! the dog ! she 's dead ! Martin show no reaction . he do not even seem to find it worth the trouble to go over to ellen who be still kneel in the grass . 58 martin she be old . ellen Old ?! come look at this ! she have wound . wound on she head . like thrashes . or bite . martin maybe a animal . ellen ( furious ) a animal ? what kind of animal ? a goddamn t- rex , or what ? Martin be still apathetically stand in the doorway . martin she spend a couple of pleasant day with we , and now she 's dead . that 's the way it be . I be sorry . I have work to do . he go back inside . ellen watch he . this very instant , she realize that this be not the man she once marry . she know that the time have come to take up action . CUT to : 58 . moor - ext . / day a short distance away from the house , ellen have bury the dog . she stick a small , self - build wooden crucifix into the soft earth . she stand there for a moment . she look over at the house . silence . loneliness . then , she hang Clara 's collar over the cross . the little bell jingle . 59 CUT to : 59 , country road - ext . / day ellen speed down the country road in she car . she pass the town sign of goldmoor . she have a tense look on she face . CUT to : 60 . in front of lindner 's house - ext . day ellen ring the doorbell . she be stand in front of lindner 's house . while she wait , she look up and down the street . there be no one in sight . the entire village seem desert . elisabeth lindner open the door . she do not seem very surprised to see ellen . mrs . lindner oh , ellen ! I have be wonder when you have come . why do not you step in . ellen thank you . ellen enter the house . 61 . hallway in lindner 's house - int . / day the hallway be dark . the wood - panele wall be decorate with picture and certificate from Karl lindner 's year as a police officer . mrs . lindner my husband be in he study in the back . Mrs. lindner lead ellen through the corridor . 60 ellen I really hate to bother he , but ... mrs . lindner oh no , no . you be not bother he . ( she wink a eye ) he have lot of time since he 's be retire . CUT to : 62 . lindner 's study - int . day ellen enter the spacious study . lindner be seat in front of a easel , dexterously painting line onto a canvas . he be work on a still life of flower . without turn around to ellen , he say : lindner come in . ellen take a look around the room . it be also furnish in dark color , and there be dozen of oil painting stand around the room . every single one a still life of flower . ellen you only draw flower ? a little unusual for a former policeman . lindner obstinately continue to work on he painting . lindner you know , after do that job for so many year , you learn to appreciate the simple thing in life . Flowers incorporate a beauty that I always miss in life . but certainly , you be not here to chat about my hobby . 61 ellen 1976 . what happen back then ? with a heavy heart , he put down he paintbrush and turn to face ellen . lindner do yourself a favor : do not ask . ellen I appreciate you concern , but we live in that house . I need to know what happen in there . lindner turn back to he painting and continue to draw . he seem introverted , as if he be talk to himself . lindner we find the wife about a week after she have die , hunch in she tv - chair . her husband be sit in front of she ; the whole time , he sit in front of she dead body . a whole damn week . her death certificate say that she drown , and she husband be convict , but God alone know what really happen back then . ellen be shocked . still , she persist . ellen what make he do it ? lindner do not answer . ellen that man , be he still alive ? where be he ? can I talk to he ? lindner turn around to she again . this time , he look determine . lindner why do not you just leave the past alone and now go - please . 62 ellen see that it 's no use . she turn to leave . but she stop at the door and turn back once more . ellen if there 's one thing I have learn lately , it 's that you can not run away from the past . believe I . she leave the old policeman behind . once alone , he lower he eye . CUT to : 63 . in front of lindner 's house - ext . / day ellen leave the house , reflective . just as she head through the gate , Mrs. lindner catch up with she . mrs . lindner ellen ! wait ! she hand ellen a small note . mrs . lindner Frank kosinski . here 's the address . go see he . ask he . ellen thank you . elisabeth , I do not mean to ... Mrs. lindner put it off with a smile . mrs . lindner that 's alright . do not misunderstand my husband . it 's only that he 's already have enough problem with this case . and who would believe he if he tell the truth ? ellen but what be the truth ? 63 mrs . lindner I do not know all about what happen back then . but it always stand between I and my husband . ellen nod and leave . CUT to : 64 , psychiatry = ext . day ellen park she car in front of the large , old building . she open the heavy double door of the entrance . 65 . psychiatry - int . day a long , wood - panele hallway with small rest area . some of the elderly people be sit around , other be play card or stare at a television - a strange atmosphere . ellen approach a social worker , who be push a old lady through the hallway in a wheelchair . the old lady giggle , as if she be mentally disorient . ellen Excuse I , I be look for Frank kosinski . the young man be of the silly , bored type . social worker kosinski ... ( think for a moment ) oh - you mean k.k .! ellen sorry ? the social worker grin . he seem to think he 's very funny . 64 social worker killer -kosinski , that 's what they call he around here . he do away with he wife . now , the old lady join in on the conversation . old lady I be so glad you finally come . we have all be wait for you . she gently touch ellen 's hand . - the old lady seem to be take ellen for someone else . ellen ( softly , to the old lady you must be mistake I . ( to the young man ) where can I find the man ? social worker he 's in the close psychiatry . this here 's the open section . go down the hall , third door to the leave . ellen thank you . the old lady keep on persist . old lady be you do better yet ? ellen be too preoccupy to worry about the old lady . she leave they with a quick nod and hurry on . the social worker start push the wheelchair forward again . walk away , ellen still hear the old lady 's voice . old lady ( to social worker ) poor girl . she only have two more day to live , you know . ellen stop . she turn on she heel and run back . 65 she excitedly stop the wheelchair and lean over to the old lady . ellen what be that ? what do you say ? the old lady do not seem to recognize she any more . old lady what do you want from I ? ellen what you just say , about the two day ... old lady I do not say anything ! ellen look at the social worker , hope that he might help . social worker I do not hear anything . sorry . ellen doubtfully look back and forth between the two of they . ellen I be sorry ... I guess I be mistaken . she quickly turn she back to this embarrassing situation and leave . 66 . hallway outside of kosinski 's cell - int . day the male nurse turn the key . before open the heavy door , he give ellen a question look . nurse he have he clear moment every now and then . but I would not get my hope up high . they both enter the cell . 66 67 . kosinski 's cell - int . / day Frank kosinski ( approx . 70 year old now ) be sit at a desk . he be busy put newspaper article into clear plastic folder and carefully sorting they away . ellen enter the room . the nurse close the door from inside and stay stand next to it . the room look more like a office archive than the cell of a close psychiatric clinic . there be several shelf fill with neatly line up file . ellen Mr. kosinski ? the old man take no notice of she . ellen step up to he , obviously feel very uncomfortable about it . ellen Mr. kosinski , my name be ellen straub . I live in you house out in goldmoor ... I mean , the house where you use to live . there be a few question I would like to ask you . kosinski do not react . he seem so lose in he own world that he have not even register she presence . he stubbornly continue sorting he papers . ellen Mr. kosinski ! can you hear I ? she wave she hand in front of he face . no reaction . ellen realize that she 'il have to come up with something else . she walk to one of the shelf and pull out a file title '' 1976 '' . leafs through it . she find the article that Paul have bring the other night . she lay it on the desk , right in front of kosinski 's nose . ellen 1976 - what happen back then ? you ... 67 now , she have he attention . as if she have push the button of a tape recorder , kosinski immediately begin to recite the article . he seem to know it by heart . kosinski '' October 4 , 1976 . to this day , the cold - blooded murder at the remote homestead continue to bring up question . investigation have show no satisfactory result . as be announce by a police spokesman ellen give the nurse a question look . nurse never mind , it 's he usual number . ellen yes . that 's right . what happen back then ? although kosinski have the news article right in front of he , he seem to be stare at the air . ellen test he by take away the news report . kosinski continue to recite . kosinski '' , .. another unsolve mystery be the question , why door and window have be nail shut . the murder suspect and only witness be still in a state of mental derangement . '' again , ellen try to interrupt he . ellen okay , fine . I read that . it 's write in the article . what I want to know be : what really happen back then ? kosinski mechanically continue to speak . absolutely inanimate . kosinski '' , .. Friends and family describe he as a friendly , reliable husband . he have be force into close he small trade business after bankruptcy . it be uncertain whether this might have be cause for marital dispute ... '' 68 ellen realize that she cannot get through to he with word . she find a page on the desk that be tear out of a chronicle about goldmoor . ellen August 17 , 1869 . kosinski '' August 17 , 1869 . a messenger find Mr. and Mrs. eugen and wilhelmine meister dead in they house . '' with both astonishment and dismay , ellen listen to the old man 's monotonous lecture . kosinski '' , ... the police constable in charge find no trace . the motive of the crime remain a mystery ... '' ellen turn to the nurse . ellen could I please speak with he alone for a moment ? nurse be you sure ? ellen I will be fine . thank you . the nurse leave the cell with a frown . ellen take kosinski 's chair and turn he around . look straight into he blank eye . she 69 ellen I be start to get the impression that all of this be some kind of bad joke : I be see thing that be not there , my own husband be become a total stranger and you old friend lindner will not tell I what he know . I have no idea what you be try to prove with this performance of yours , but I be not leave this room before I hear the truth . no reaction . kosinski continue to stare at nothing in particular . ellen give up . shake she head , she turn to the door . kosinski it 's a grave . ellen freeze and look back at kosinski . she walk back over to he . ellen what ? suddenly , kosinski seem to have snap out of he '' autism '' . he be hold a old book in he hand . the book contain clipping , note and among other , a page that seem to have be tear out of another book . it be a etching from the Middle Ages illustrate a man be push into the swamp by several villager . ellen read the text underneath the illustration : ellen '' ... execution in the moor .. all of a sudden , kosinski grab ellen and pull she close . his eye have a feverish glow . kosinski the moor ... it 's one big grave . CUT to : 70 68 . entrance area hallway — int . night ellen enter the hallway . she run into Martin who be on he way up from the cellar . when he see ellen , he shut the cellar door and put the key into he pocket again . it seem as if he feel catch do something . ellen ( sarcastic ) let I guess : another short circuit ? martin hi , darling . Martin ignore she comment and start to head up the stair to he study . ellen what be go on down there , anyway ? why be I not suppose to go in the cellar ? Martin stop at the base of the stairway . martin I tell you : it 's too dangerous . besides , I have to work now . he continue up the staircase . ellen follow he . ellen Martin , we need to talk . I have do some research . this lovely house of ours have a history of murder case . Martin do not stop walk , but he eye show alarm . ellen anyone who ever live in this house either quickly move back out , or fall victim to strange accident , or end up kill each other . 71 69 . study - int . / night Martin sit down at he desk and immediately start type . ellen will not give up so easy . ellen I know you do not believe I , but at least hear I out . do not tell I you have not notice that we have be go through some strange change since we move here ! we hardly talk to each other any more , you be write like a madman and I be have this vision . Martin do not interrupt he work . ellen slam the article from kosinski on he keyboard . ellen here , look at this ! do you know that we house be build right on a spot where during the Middle Ages people be execute ? they simply throw the convict into the moor , alive . Martin shake he head . he smile and shove the article aside . martin during the Middle Ages people be execute at every corner . what 's you point ? ellen this house , the whole damned area around here be one mass grave ... now you might call I crazy , but there be something negative about the place . martin okay , so the house have a history and there might still be a couple of corpse in the moor . ( mock ) '' there be something negative about the place ... '' what the hell be you try to say ? come on ! spit it out ! ellen twist around . ellen it 's like ... a sickness ! and it 's get into we head . now Martin get aggressive . martin will you finally cut it out ? just in case you have not notice , I be try to write a book here . and maybe - even with you birdbrain - you can figure it 's a pretty tough job . so why can not you just leave I alone ? ellen damn it , look at you ! do not you see what 's happen with you ? we need to get out of here , do not you understand ? out of this house ! Martin threaten she with he forefinger . martin now let I work ! Martin continue to write . ellen ( holler ) to hell with you damned work ! 72 in a rash action , she suddenly push he computer monitor off of the desk . 73 Martin jump up from he chair . he grab ellen by the throat and push she against the wall . throb vein on he forehead . martin do not you dare ... ellen can hardly breathe . she be about to choke . just in time , Martin let go . ellen slide to the floor and gasp for air . Martin do not seem to care . he set the monitor back onto the table and get back to work . ellen be deeply shocked . she drag herself out of the room . Martin do not even deign to look up at she again . 70 . hallway - int . / night the door to the study fall shut behind ellen . slowly , she sink to she knee and start to cry . hopelessness and despair . ellen ( sobbing ) Martin ... oh my God ... what 's happen to we ... the house be dead-silent . only the sound of Martin type on he computer keyboard in he study . suddenly , ellen hear a noise - very quiet . it be the ringing of a bell . ellen look up . there it be again , very clearly : it 's the bell on the collar of the dead dog . ellen ( quietly , to herself Clara ...? 74 she stand up and head for the staircase . cautiously . a shadow rush through the entrance hall - the shadow of a dog . ellen sneak down the step . her eye scan the darkness . 71 . entrance area — int . night again , the bell ringing . the shadow . the animal seem to have run into the cellar . now , ellen notice that the door Martin have lock so carefully earlier , be open . a dirty - yellow gleam shine into the hallway from below . ellen look up - Martin seem to be work : his steady type resound throughout the house . it take ellen all the courage she have , but finally she make herself go into the cellar ... 72 . study - int . night Martin stop type in mid-sentence . he look up . there be a threaten gleam in he eye ... 73 . cellar - int . / night ellen carefully walk down the stair to the cellar . it 's cold . the single light bulb at the ceiling hardly shed any light . a eerie and unsettle atmosphere . no sign of the dog . ellen find the fuse box . no difference - the wire be still hang out of the wall , tangle up and rotten . all of a sudden , there be a voice come from behind ellen . 75 thomas ( 0.s. ) mommy ... ellen spin around . there 's something in the darkness - a figure : tommi ! ellen freeze . her eye be glue to the little boy , whose figure melt together with the shadow . like a tape recording , he repeat : thomas mommy ... ellen fight up against the image as if she know that it be only a lie . ellen no ... the boy step out of the shadow . thomas mommy ... ellen back off . ellen my son be dead ... the little boy come closer . now , he be stand right in front of ellen . he raise he hand as if he want to be hugge . again , he sad voice repeat : thomas mommy ! finally , ellen 's heart win over reason . she fall to she knee and take the boy into she arm . ellen my God , tommi . tear run down she cheek . she hold the child close . but what she do not see : the boy 's mean smile behind she back . suddenly , there be a strange transformation : running through ellen 's finger - little at first , but then more and more : mud ! 76 Thomas 's body have turn into liquid in she arm . ellen be devastate . right before she eye , the child dissolves into swamp mud . it drain away and disappear in the floor . time seem to stand still . suddenly , ellen be grab by the hair and tear around . it 's Martin ! he stare at she resentfully . martin do not I tell you not to go in the cellar ?! ellen do not understand what 's happen . ellen Martin , what - martin it 's simply too dangerous here ! but no , you always have to have it you way . she try to squirm out of he grip - but it 's no use . Martin drag she up the stair . martin you know what I have to do now , and believe I : I do not enjoy do this . ellen Martin , damnit , what be you up to ? let go of I ! 74 , entrance area - int . night Martin mercilessly drag ellen along behind he . 77 martin of course you 's 1ll give I the blame again . like back then . just a tiny cut and he could still be alive today - be not that right , ellen ? ellen what be you talk about - ellen try to find a way to free herself . but she hardly stand a chance against Martin 's strength . martin enough of that ! I know what I have to do now . slide by , ellen bump into a tool box . she get hold of a screwdriver . panic-stricken , she thrust it in Martin 's direction . a scream of pain . he collapse . bleed . ellen tear herself loose and run out of the house . 75 . in front of the house car = ext . night ellen race to the car and jump in behind the steering wheel . Martin stagger out in pursuit of she . he be hold he stomach . Inside the car : ellen hastily cram out the car key . it slip out of she hand . Martin be come closer . Inside the car : ellen grope around in the darkness , try to find the key . Martin have almost reach the car . Inside the car : 78 at last , ellen have the key . she push it into the ignition , turn it around . the engine roar up . ellen careen off in the car . she brushes Martin . he spin away with a loud thud . the car speed off . CUT to : 716 . consulting room of prof . roth - int . dawn prof . roth be in the middle of a conference with two intern . the door fly open . ellen storm into the room with tear in she eye ; she be totally frantic . her appearance surprise he . prof . roth Mrs. straub ! ellen I have kill my husband ! prof . roth what ? ellen I think I have kill he . Martin , my husband , I have kill he ! that be , I be not sure , but ... prof . roth immediately take she arm and lead she to a sofa . prof . roth Mrs. straub ! now calm down first . ellen be totally distraught . 79 ellen ( hectic , loud ) it all go so fast . he be out of he mind and then all of sudden there be this screwdriver . I only want to defend myself . you have to call the police ... prof . roth we can do all of that later , but first you need to calm down . he stand up , fetch a glass of water and take a tablet out of a package . prof . roth here , take this . ellen take the pill without a moment 's hesitation and swallow it with a drink of water . ellen I ... I do not know which part of it all really happen ... it 's all one big nightmare ... prof . roth see that she be not able to think clearly at the moment . prof . roth you be go to sleep for a little while , now . and then , we will talk about it more calmly and sift through all of this . the tablet quickly begin to show a effect . in ellen 's eye , prof . roth 's face get blurry . one of the intern speak up . intern should we inform the authority ? prof . roth wave it off . 80 prof . roth before everyone get all nervous , why do not you call she house . maybe that will clear thing up . ellen only vaguely catch the last speak sentence through a curtain of haze . then , she lose conscience . fade to : 77 . hospital room - int . day ellen drowsily wake up in a hospital room . she take a careful look around herself . the room be surprisingly nice and pleasantly furnish . 718 . hospital corridor - int . day there be a lot go on in the hospital corridor . male and female nurse busily take care of they duty . a hand pick up a syringe and a ampoule from a trolley . 79 . hospital room - int . day the door be open . ellen barely manage to lift she head in order to see who the visitor be . a man pull a wheelchair inside with he back turn to she , and close the door . ellen Professor roth ? the man turn around : it 's Martin ! he be wear he best suit . he show no sign of a wound . ellen want to call for help , but Martin be already up next to she and hold she mouth shut with he hand . 81 martin hello , darling . be you feel better ? he thrust the syringe into she leg . ellen desperately search for the emergency button for the nurse 's room . martin ( whisper ) shh ... everything will be fine . tomorrow , it will all be over . just do not try to fight it . ellen have find the button , but the medication be faster : she do not have enough strength to push the button any more . her tired eye blink and fall shut for a moment ... fade to : 80 . bedroom - int . night ellen 's eye slowly open again . she wake up to a loud hammering noise . only now do she realize that she be lie on the planking of she own bed , with she hand and foot roped tight . Martin have put a gag in she mouth . he be stand by the window , nail several large board in front of it . he be so preoccupy with he work that he have not yet notice that ellen be awake . he quietly curse under he voice . martin you stupid little bitch ... think you can toy around with people any old way you like . but not I , no . ellen carefully try to loosen the rope . the sound catch Martin 's attention . he turn around to she . he be still hold a nail in the corner of he mouth . 82 martin ( sweetly ) oh sweetheart , you be awake already ? he take the nail out of the corner of he mouth and open he suit jacket . underneath , we see he blood - soak shirt . but he do not seem to feel any pain . martin that really be not very nice of you yesterday . I always think you love I . you know , I bet any other husband would be pretty upset with you now . he sit down on the bed next to she and begin to loosen she gag . martin but I believe in we relationship . what be such trifle compare to that . he take the gag out of she mouth . ellen 's voice be shaking . ellen Martin , for heaven 's sake , tie I loose ! Martin seriously shake he head . martin believe I , I have really like to . but I have the feel you be not ready yet . ellen lie there , totally helpless . ellen ready ? for what ? this be crazy ! do not you see what 's go on here ? he move closer to she , caress she cheek . 83 martin the last day , ellen . today be the last day . the circle be close . ellen suddenly understand . ellen you know ! Martin slowly lean over and kiss she . ellen try to turn she head away , but Martin hold it tight . barbaric - there be nothing tender about this kiss . martin oh , ellen . my sweet ellen ... of course I know . ellen we love each other once . have you forget that ? Martin seem bitter . martin oh , yeah ? do we really ? think about it , ellen ... just then , the doorbell ring . they both look toward the door . Quick as a flash , Martin press he hand on ellen 's mouth , so she cannot scream . martin be you expect company ? 81 . in front of the house - ext . / night Karl lindner be stand at the door . he press the doorbell button . he be carry one of he flower painting under he arm . 82 . bedroom - int . night Martin put the gag back into ellen 's mouth . 84 martin make yourself comfortable . I will be right back . he stand up and leave the room . ellen hear he lock the door from outside . she immediately begin to tear at she rope . 83 . hallway entrance area - int . night the doorbell ring again . while Martin run downstairs , he button up he suit jacket again in order to conceal the blood stain . he be still hold the hammer in he hand . he walk to the door and open it to lindner . lindner good evening . Karl lindner . I be a friend of you wife . be she in ? 84 . bedroom - int . night ellen be still tie to the bed . she faintly hear the two man 's voice from downstairs . she move she head , try to get rid of the gag - in vain . ellen scream , but only muffle sound come out . she double she effort and tear at she rope with all she might . 85 . in front of the house entrance area — ext . night Martin be stand across from lindner . he give hima friendly smile . he show no apparent sign of the condition he be in . 85 martin ellen be home . but she be not feel well . can I give she a message ? lindner take the painting out from under he arm . lindner oh , then I guess that make my gift all the more appropriate . maybe I x11 just give it to she real quick and be on my way again . Martin anxiously finger the hammer in he hand . martin um , I do not think that 's a good idea . she go to lie down . I think she 's already asleep . she 's be pretty busy lately and need to rest . 86 . bedroom - int . night ellen realize that there be no way she can untie herself . but slowly , she manage to loosen one of the bed plank that she be tie to - bit by tedious bit . 87 . in front of the house entrance area — ext . night lindner peek inside the house past Martin . he casually ask : lindner so , what 's wrong with she ? Martin be still play around with the hammer . martin just nerve . you know , the move and all that ... lindner realize that it 's no use ask further . he hand over the picture . 86 lindner well , then . would you please give this to she for I ? tell she , I have like to talk to she when she 's feel better . and tell she I do not want to run away anymore . she ’1l1 understand what I mean . martin sure , I x11 tell she . the old policeman walk to he car and climb inside . Martin smile and wave he good - bye . 88 . bedroom - int . night ellen have finally make it : she manage to disconnect the plank . she quickly tear the gag out of she mouth and yell as loud as she can : ellen ( scream ) help ! help , I be in here ! help I ! she listen if anyone hear she call . it 's useless . lindner have already start he car , and drive off . the sound of he car engine fade away in the distance . ellen be desperate . 89 . entrance area - int . / night Martin hear ellen 's call . he grin self - consciously and lock the house door . then , he reach for a board lean against the wall . he take a nail out of he pocket and start to nail the door shut . 87 CUT to : 90 . lindner 's S car country road = ext . night Karl lindner be drive towards goldmoor . he be lose in think . something about the whole situation seem strange to he , but he can not put he finger on it . he brake and look back toward the house once more ( a moment of hope for ellen ) . but then , he shake he head and step on the gas pedal again . the car drive off into the distance . CUT to : 91 . bedroom - int . night ellen get rid of the rest of she rope , immediately jump up and race to the door . she check the door : it 's lock . she peek through the keyhole . the key be stick in the opposite side of the door . we hear Martin hammer downstairs . ellen have a idea - a ancient trick from childhood day . there be a book on the bedside table . she tear out a page and slide it underneath the door , below the door lock . there be a can of nail on the floor which Martin leave behind . ellen take out a nail and use it to poke around in the keyhole . she push the key out of the lock . the key fall to the floor , but it land next to the sheet of paper . ellen pull the book page in under the door - no key ! ellen ( quietly ) damn . 88 she press she face flat against the floor and look underneath the door crack . there , on the other side , be the key . suddenly , the hammer stop . ellen hold she breath ... 92 . live room = int . night ... the live room window be all nail shut . Martin prepare to attach the last board . he reach into he pocket - no more nail ...! 93 . bedroom = int . night ... the box of nail be lie on the bedroom floor . ellen sense that she be run out of time . she move faster . she push the book page under the door again and try to maneuver it underneath the key ... 94 , entrance area - int . night ... Martin come out of the live room and head for the hallway ... 95 . bedroom - int . / night ...- ellen have it ! she have manage to get the key on top of the sheet of paper . carefully , she pull it in under the door . she pick it up and push it into the lock ... 96 . hallway - int . / night ... Martin come up the stair . he head for the bedroom . when he see the open door , he stop . 89 he hesitates for a moment , look around . then , he carefully approach the door . martin be somebody try to run away here ?! darling , I be really disappointed . how can we ever have a trust marriage if you keep run away from every conflict ? Martin have reach the bedroom door . martin you little hardhead , I ... at that moment , the door slam into he . a loud crunch . the wooden door hit he right in the head . Martin be knock to the floor . ellen come run out of the bedroom . she have a wooden plank in she hand . she want to make sure that the job be do right and clobber Martin until he stop move . then , she sprint to the staircase and run down the step . 97 . entrance area - int . / night ellen run to the barricade house door . she shake at the board , but they be down tight . no matter how hard ellen try , it 's impossible for she to loosen they . horrify , she search for another way out . she run to the live room door and look inside the room ...: 98 . live room - int . night ... all of the window be barricade . there be no chance to escape ! 90 99 , hallway - int . night Martin regains conscience . his head be wounded and bleed . he scramble to he foot . martin no matter what you do , ellen ... you do not stand a chance . we be not leave this place anymore ... 100 . live room - int . night ellen look around , helpless . we hear Martin 's voice come from upstairs . martin ( 0o.s. ) not today . not tomorrow . never again ! she discover the remote control for the tv . and get a idea . she grab it and run out of the room . 101 . kitchen - int . night ellen flee into the kitchen . the window be all nail shut here , too . ellen 's heart be beat up to she neck . she jerk open a drawer and take out a big kitchen knife . we hear Martin 's footstep come down the staircase . martin ( 0o.s . ) it 's like you always want . we together . we will make it through anything , no matter how rotten the situation be . ellen squat next to the door frame . 102 . entrance area - int . night Martin be walk down the last couple of step . out of the corner of he eye , he notice the open kitchen door . 91 martin have you ever wonder why it have not be work out between we since it all happen ? I have ask myself that question . and you know what the answer to that be ? it be never real . all just a big lie . while he speak , Martin slowly move toward the kitchen . 103 . kitchen - int . / night Martin have almost reach the kitchen . quivering , ellen push a button on the remote control ... 104 . entrance area ~- int . night ... and the television jump on in the live room , behind Martin . the loud noise startles he ; he spin around . Martin smile and tap the hammer in the palm of he hand . then , he head towards the live room . martin what you love , be something totally different . the successful author , Martin straub . '' Mr. cherry - red tear '' - you marry a goddamn book . Martin disappear in the live room . 105 . kitchen - int . night ellen see she chance , and take it . she run out of the kitchen ... 92 106 . entrance area - int . night ... and up the stair . Martin sprint out of the live room . he be after she . 107 . hallway - int . / night ellen run into the study . Martin be right on she heel ... 108 . study - int . / night ..- ellen slam the door shut behind she and lock it . she reach for the telephone next to the computer . CUT to : 109 . lindner 's bedroom - int . / night the light be off in lindner 's bedroom . Karl be lie in bed with he eye open , stare at the ceiling . his wife notice it . mrs . lindner you go to see the straub 's today , do not you ? lindner do not answer . the look in he eye say it all . mrs . lindner I know you have something on you mind . what be it ? he hesitates . sigh . finally , he say it : lindner I think it 's start again . you know ... there be something peculiar . if only I know ... mrs . lindner peculiar ? you mean , like back then ? 93 lindner yes , something be ... suddenly , it hit he . lindner my God , the hammer ! he jump out of bed and into he clothes . mrs . lindner Hammer ? lindner how could I fail to notice that ! - I have to go ... he hesitates , look back at he wife . lindner I be sorry , honey . it be hard for Mrs. lindner to let she husband go . but she understand . mrs . lindner go ahead . I know you have to do this . CUT to : 110 . study - int . / day ellen dial the emergency number for the police and race to the window . she look down - it 's quite a way down , and at the bottom , hard stone pavement . the phone ring at the other end of the line . Martin rumble against the door to the study . he be try to get inside . 94 iil . hallway - int . night Martin be stand in front of the close door to the study , shaking the door handle . he listen . martin come on ... 112 . study = int . night ellen still have not get through to the police . martin ( 0o.s . ) I know what you be up to . you do not think that 's go to work , do you ? ellen desperately look around the room , search for a way out . she catch sight of the activate computer . there be a text flicker on the slightly demolish monitor . finally , someone answer the phone at the police station . telephone voice ( 0o.s. ) Police headquarters , Webber .. ellen excitedly speak into the phone . ellen ellen straub here . you have to help I ... 113 . hallway entrance area - int . night Martin run down the stair to the entrance area . he head straight for the distributor box next to the cellar door . one well - aim blow , and the gray telephone box be demolish . 95 114 . study = int . night ellen please come right away ! my address be ... click ! the conversation be cut off . the line be dead . but ellen hardly notice it anymore . her eye be glue to the monitor . something about it have draw she full attention . her name be write on the monitor screen ! ellen begin to read in disbelief . ellen ( read ) '' ellen wake up from the sound of the door . she barely manage to raise she head in order to see who the visitor might be . his back turn to ellen , the man pull a wheelchair into the hospital room . when he turn around , she recognize he with horror : Martin ! '' ellen 's eye grow wider with every word she read . the text abruptly stop here . Martin must have know everything ! her whole story , everything that happen to she , be describe in he new novel . ellen what the hell ... from outside , we hear Martin 's voice loud and clear . he finish she sentence for she : martin .. be go on here ? before ellen have a chance to give the situation a think , the door break open . the door frame splinter . Martin simply kick the door in . 96 martin the final chapter will finish tonight . I bet you can not wait to find out how the story end ! ellen grab the knife and back away . ellen my God , Martin . I do not understand all this . how be it possible ? slowly and threateningly , Martin come closer . in he hand , the hammer . martin do you like my new book ? a real page - turner , be not it ? I can just see the critic : Martin straub be back ! and better than ever . ellen be back up against the wall . she raise the knife against he . ellen stay where you be ! not one step closer ! Martin be not faze that easily . martin you still do not understand , do you ? today be the last day . you day , ellen . with this , he jump up to she , quick as lightning . he grab the knife by the blade and twist it out of ellen 's hand - without the slight feel of pain . he firmly pull ellen towards the door . they pass by the desk with the computer . ellen see the electric cord for the computer on the floor . with a swift move of she foot , she tear at the cable , pull the computer off of the desk . it fall to the floor . Martin scream in rage . for a second , he be distract . ellen take the opportunity to tear herself loose . 97 115 . hallway entrance area -— int . night terrify , ellen race down the stair . she be look for a way out . Martin be close on she heel . in the entrance hall , he get hold of she . but ellen manage to break loose again . but do so , she slip . Falls . and trip through the open cellar door ... 116 . cellar - int . / night down the stair . ellen crash - land in brackish , brown water . the cellar be flood ankle - deep with swamp water . it be seeping in through the crevice in the wall . ellen the moor ... Martin walk up to she , threateningly . ellen scramble to she foot . she be hurt . but Martin walk past she and step into the center of the dark cellar . ellen glance back at the cellar door which be still open . suddenly , a invisible force slam it shut . martin I tell you , there be no way out . he will not let you go . ellen ' he 's ? whom do you mean - instead of answer , he gently put he finger on she mouth . martin ( quietly ) shh . do not you hear that ? she look around . 98 then she hear it : the room be fill with quiet whisper , grow louder and louder - countless voice - the voice of child ! martin it 's important - he know the last chapter . ellen you book - that 's why you be always in the cellar ! just then , a figure step out of the darkness . it be they little son Thomas . although he do not move he lip , he seem to be the source of the whisper . he stand next to Martin , who lay he arm around the boy 's shoulder . martin now look at this young man : he support I in what I do — quite the opposite of you . terrify , ellen stare at Thomas . she watch a thin strand of mud flow out of the boy 's shoulder , and - against the law of gravity - it crawl up over Martin 's hand . Martin do not seem to notice it . martin you know , tommi want I to become the man I use to be . ellen ( laugh bitterly ) ... so he 's dictating you a new bestseller ? whatever that be , it 's not we son . Martin lean down to the child 's figure and bring he ear close to Thomas 's mouth . the boy seem to be whisper something in he ear . 99 ellen ( sharply ) Martin , do not you understand ? tommi be dead ! this ... it know we weakness and it 's use they to bring we apart ! Martin stay lean down to Thomas and listen . he throw a stealthy glance at ellen . martin I be afraid he do not like you very much . Martin smile triumphantly . he reach into the water and pull out a metal pipe . he threateningly move closer to ellen . she back away , until she find herself back up against the wall . ellen look around - there be no where to run . but she try anyway . she want to make a run for it . but Martin be faster . he grab hold of she . ellen slip and land in the water . martin we have play this game long enough . he mercilessly push ellen 's head under water . she try to put up a fight , but she do not stand a chance . martin how sad . drown , like all the other . but that 's the way it 's get to be in a real horror novel . I know what you be think : no happy end - it ’1ll never sell . but to hell with commerce ! ellen manage to fight she way above the water 's surface . she gasp for air . her eye catch sight of the old shelf , cramme full with all sort of junk , stand within reach of she foot . 100 ellen it 's lie , do not you see ? this be all a illusion . it lie to we and to all of that who be here before we ... Martin 's eye be beam with hate . he do not notice ellen kick for the shelf . it slightly tip forward , then back against the wall again . martin I ’1l1 tell you what really be a illusion : romantic family life , by the side of you successful author . sorry if I be not able to live up to you high expectation , princess . ellen try to get through to whatever be leave of Martin . ellen it be not you fault , you hear ! ellen get another good kick against the shelf - it tip over and collapse over Martin 's head . ellen grab the chance to free herself . Martin furiously thrust the shelf aside . there be a ugly wound on he forehead . ellen tommi be dead , you hear ! but you and I , we be alive . again , ellen be back up against the wall . Martin step up to she . he be still hold the metal pipe . martin be quiet . suddenly , he strike she with the pipe . he grab ellen by the throat and push she against the wall . ellen I love you , Martin ! for a short moment , something seem to break inside of Martin . but then , he tighten he grip on she neck again . ellen be daze , but she be not afraid any more . - 100 - 101 ellen then kill I , because ... '' with you , my life begin and with you shall it end ... '' all of a sudden , some of Martin 's strength seem to fail . his look freeze . a single black tear run out of the corner of he eye . ellen grab the metal pipe and shove Martin away . she jump over to Thomas ... ellen I love you ! do not let a lie come between we ! look at this ! ... and slashes the pipe at he . the metal penetrate the figure 's '' body '' and destroy the illusion : the facade of the little boy dissipate into mud . for a second , ellen believe to have see the hideous figure of a swamp corpse , but the creature instantly melt into the muddy water cover the cellar floor . at this very instant , a loud roll of thunder echoe throughout the house . Martin abruptly lose all of he strength . more and more liquid begin to flow out of he eye . the strand of mud slither down he body like countless snake and vanish into the swamp water . the house begin to quake . more and more mud seep in through the crack . the cellar slowly flood . the wall quiver . ellen run to the door : it be shut tight - there be no way out . the moor be rise . ellen grab Martin , who be still unconscious and about to drow . she try to wake he up . ellen Martin ! we have to get out of here ! there be a sudden noise . ellen jump . - 101 - 102 something have start to move in the back corner of the cellar : a dark something arc out of the water for a short moment . it be not over , yet ! ellen my God ... she vigorously try to wake Martin , but he do not react . the '' thing '' be come closer . it languidly roll forward . its shape remain hide underneath the water 's surface . ellen feverishly search for a way out . she notice the small cellar hatch . the house quake more violently ; dust flake down from the ceiling . ellen realize that the entire house be slowly sink into the ground . and at the same time , the moor be rise dangerously high . she grab Martin by the shoulder . with all of she strength , she somehow manage to pull he up onto a pile of crate below the cellar hatch . the black thing be come closer . it rise up out of the moor . ellen try to heave Martin outside through the hatch - but she be not strong enough . still , she put up a desperate fight against the odd . the already small open of the hatch be grow smaller and smaller : the tremendous foundation of the house be sink deeper and deeper into the ground . suddenly , a hand reach in through the hatch and grab a hold of Martin . ellen start . she look outside . it 's lindner ! lindner hurry , we do not have much time ! lift he up higher ! ellen push Martin a little bit higher . behind she , a amorphous , black mass be rise up out of the swamp water . numerous strand of mud branch out of it and begin to grope for ellen . - 102 - 103 one of the '' tentacles '' wrap itself around ellen 's foot . ellen notice it , but can not do anything about it . with one strong jerk , lindner tug Martin out of the cellar . at the same time , ellen lose hold on the crate . she be tear downward and disappear under water . lindner stick he head in through the hatch . lindner ( shout ) ellen ! a brief moment of hesitation - then the old policeman determinedly climb down into the cellar . by now , the moor have rise almost to he waist . lindner wade through the thick liquid . the surface be smooth - no sign of ellen . then , she suddenly dive back up , gasp for air . lindner immediately grab she arm and help she toward the hatch . ellen it 's right behind I . lindner keep calm . lindner do not worry . it only have power over we if we run away . he help ellen up onto the crate . carefully , she climb out through the hatch . she hear tommi 's voice behind she . thomas mommy ... she be tempt to look back . but lindner stop she from do it . lindner no . do not look back . - 103 - 104 thomas mommy ... the hatch , the last possible exit into freedom , be slowly shrink to a narrow slit . ellen reach out she hand to lindner . ellen come ! Quick ! lindner climb onto the crate . again , the house quake . single brick break out of the wall and ceiling . ellen 's curiosity win over reason . she take a last look into the cellar . there - in the dark back corner of the cellar - she see shrivel figure with hollow eye , watch the two of they in silence . swamp corpse . lindner notice she horror , but still remain calm . he start to climb out through the window hatch . 1i7 . in front of the house - ext . night once lindner be safely outside , ellen immediately rush over to Martin . ellen Martin ! Martin seem to be regain conscience . he open he eye . ellen want to say something , but the thunder in the background suddenly swell up to a infernal noise . wall collapse , brick and rubble crash down - the entire house be swallow by the depth of the moor . the three watch with open-mouthed horror . then , silence . - 104 - 105 ellen lean over to she husband . Martin be still totally wear out . he moan . martin smog ... ellen muster he , confuse . ellen what ? martin I have a yearn for ... smog , car and many , many people ... a real dirty ... big city . what do you think ? ellen gently stroke he cheek . ellen you 's be back . Martin 's eye be still glue to the spot where the house use to be . he be still a bit disorient . martin how do you get I out of there ? ellen I would not have make it by myself . she look at lindner . lindner you be right : you can never run away from the past . especially if it scare you . ellen nod she head . then , she turn back to Martin . they look at each other for a long moment . then , she put she arm around he and kiss he . it 's all over now . there 's something else ellen want to say to lindner . but when she turn around , she find that he 's already walk a bit away : he be go to he car . - 105 - 106 ellen Mr. lindner ! the old policeman stop by he car . ellen thank you . lindner smile . then , he step into he car and drive away . ellen help Martin to he foot . ellen can you walk ? Martin be in pain , but brave . martin no problem . he take a step , but then he flinch with pain . the movement hurt . martin for God 's sake , what happen to I ? ellen you do not remember ? Martin shake he head . ellen it 's a long story . Arm in arm , the two of they stagger to they car which be park next to the entrance gate , the last remnant of the house . they get into the car and drive off . the car slowly vanish in the distance , leave behind the vast , swampy landscape where there be once a house . fade to : - 106 - 107 118 . apartment house in the CITY - ext . day a beautiful old building , locate by a park in the city . ellen and Martin live in the penthouse . text chart : '' 1 year later '' 119 . apartment - int . day ellen be stand by the window , look over the small city park . she look happy . Martin join she at the window and hug she . martin what a sight : a few tree , a couple of duck in the pond . that 's all the nature I need . ellen laugh . they be about to kiss , when suddenly the doorbell ring . ellen be you expect company ? Martin shrug he shoulder and walk to the door . he open it to Paul and Claudia . paul and claudia surprise ! Paul be carry a package under he arm . he walk straight past Martin , to ellen . Martin and Claudia follow he . paul this baby be a dream come true , I tell ya ! the third edition within one year ! ellen wow ! - consider how it all come about ... Paul tear open the box . it contain several copy of '' you have 7 day to live '' . above the title , it read : ellen and Martin straub ! - 107 - 108 paul you two be one hell of a team ! and as far as I be concerned : in case you plan on move back to the countryside , I 'il be glad to lend a hand . Martin and ellen trade look . martin have you already tell he about we idea for the new novel ? Paul can not wait to find out . paul yeah ? what 's it about ? ellen grin ambiguously . ellen it 's about this publisher who constantly get on he author 's nerve . Martin play the ball back to she . martin ... until one day , he go too far and the two of they get really mad ... 120 . apartment house in the CITY - ext . / day we see the four of they stand behind the large window of ellen and Martin 's apartment . the camera pan farther and farther away from they , over the park . they keep the joke run : ellen ... and we mean : really mad ! the voice slowly fade with the camera 's grow distance . - 108 - 109 paul okay , okay , I get the message ! I be only try to make a suggestion , you know . the camera travel further away ... over the big city and it 's ever - busy activity . - the end - - 109 -