thunderbird written by Peter hewitt , William osborne &amp ; Michael mcculler animate scene of the thunderbird on various rescue begin to play as some of the cast and crew name show up . narrator from a secret island in the South Pacific , the courageous Tracy family run a organization call International rescue . when disaster strike , anywhere in the world , they be always first on the scene . they go by the name they give they incredible machine , the thunderbird . ( count down number and show corresponding thunderbird ) five , four , three , two , one . thunderbird be go ! cut to live action , Alan Tracy be look out a school window . but in this family of heroes , there be one son leave behind . teacher so , gentleman , we all know that a2 plus b2 equal ... c2 , that 's right . but what happen when we bring in Leonardo Da vinci 's E , F and ... ( teacher notice Alan look out window and not pay attention to the lesson ) Mr. Tracy ! fermat Alan . Alan ! Alan 's head jerk back from the window and to the teacher who be now stand in front of he . teacher how kind of you to come back from outer space , Alan . I trust re-entry be not too rough ? ( chuckle sarcastically and continue sounding even more annoyed ) here on Earth we have be discuss the pythagorean theorem . do any of that happen to sink in ? alan tracy I be just ... teacher apparently not ( she pick up he notebook which he have be doodling in ) " thunderbird be go . " well , I hope you be not go anywhere special over spring break , Alan . because I expect a 10,000 word paper on my desk the day you get back . that should keep you busy . bell ring dismiss the student and Alan and fermat walk out to they locker . alan ( mock the teacher ) " that should keep you busy . yeah , well you can take you 10,000 word and stick they right up you ... " fermat Alan ! both boy turn around to see the headmaster approach they while walk by with the teacher from before alan headmaster . headmaster Mr. Tracy ! alan miss garrett . fermat you gotta be more careful Alan . alan why can not I tell them I be a thunderbird fermat ? fermat because technically you be not a thunderbird yet . and if you identity be discover , it would a d-d- di - it could be very bad . alan I know , I know . excite kid it 's the thunderbird . they be gonna be on tv . let 's go ! they be gonna be on tv . alan whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! where be they ? excite kid in Russia , at a oil rig fire . alan great ! I be stick at school and my brother be on another cool mission . fermat wanna watch ? alan yeah ! boy go into a crowded room with a tv on the news channel lisa lowe we be tell this super-rig be now in danger of total collapse . and there be real concern for the life of six man who remain trap on board . a emergency call go out to the thunderbird just a few minute ago . they should be here any moment now . ( pause and point at the sky while exclaim excitedly ) and here they be ! the boy watch the tv begin to cheer scott tracy thunderbird 2 this be thunderbird 1 . I have visual , south column , they be trap on a inspection platform . jeff tracy fab . we will take it from here . mullion come on ! come on ! jeff Scott , get out . that tower 's come down . scott get it . a blast of fire hit thunderbird 1 and send it a little farther away from the accident zone . jeff thunderbird 1 any damage ? scott negative , dad . alan come on , come on ! swing around . you can not get close enough , take that approach angle . jeff this approach angle 's no good . gonna have to swing she around . scott watch the wind shear thunderbird 2 . jeff scotty , I be watch for wind shear when you be still wear diaper . alan come on , dad . a blast of fire come toward thunderbird 2 jeff whoa ! hold on ! scott who need the diaper now , dad ? fermat what do they do now ? alan probably drop the rescue platform from thunderbird 2 . virgil tracy open them up . here we go . rescue platform 's on its way . jeff Virgil , how 's it go ? virgil it 's look good , dad . crew member come on ! jump ! virgil okay , I have get a visual . hold it there . target lock . firing rescue line . ( directed toward the crew member who he just fire the rescue line toward ) come on , guy , hook them up . we gotta get you out of here . crew member ready another crew member hoist away ! jeff alright , let 's haul they out . fermat commence reverse thrust . jeff okay , let 's bring them home . crew member look out ! ( a couple of crew member bump into each other as they be hoist up ) alan man they gotta get them out fast . that rig 's gonna blow . crew member hang on ! boy watch the tv gasp as the crew go down back toward the water a little bit jeff whoa sorry , boy . hold on tight . here we go . alan come on , Virgil . virgil hold on guy jeff how you do , son ? virgil never better jeff thunderbird 1 , commence knockdown procedure . scott fab , thunderbird 2 . ( after press a bunch of button on he control panel ) line up target . Fire ! jeff bull 's - eye ! outstanding shot . all right boy , let 's take this baby home . lisa lowe as you can see the fire have be extinguish . the rocket fire from thunderbird 1 have rob it of the oxygen it need to burn . amazing ! the thunderbird have do it again , Chuck ! ' the boy watch the tv with Alan and fermat begin cheer . chuck that be great work , Lisa . thanks a lot . know it all kid ( direct at Alan ) ooh , I wish I could be a thunderbird one day . thunderturd ! the boy in the room " ooohh " and look at Alan for a response alan that 's another good one , diaper boy . all the boy look at the know it all kid and laugh headmaster Tracy ! ( after find Alan in the sea of boy he continue ) there 's someone here for you . Lady penelope creighton - Ward , at you service . Alan darling , you father 's be unexpectedly detain . and he 's ask I to pick you up . be that all right ? fermat sure beat the bus ! alan definitely ! lady penelope fantastic . now , will any of this gorgeous young thing be join you ? all of the boy raise they hand and shout for Alan to choose they . alan just fermat . lady penelope quite right . alan Lady penelope , why be you in America ? be you on a mission for my father ? lady penelope Alan , shh ! I be a undercover agent , so please try to be discreet . ( camera pan over to Lady penelope 's pink car with parker , she butler wait by the open door . ) here we be . fermat hi , parker . parker good afternoon , master hackenbacker . alan hi , nosey . parker less of that attitude , or I shall be oblige to deliver the parker haymaker . alan okay , bring it on , big guy . they be all in the car and parker be drive away lady penelope try not to run over any child , parker . parker very good , milady . lady penelope come on , parker , chop chop ! Lady penelope 's begin to fly alan all right ! fermat whoa ! alan yes ! fermat yeah ! the boy high five lady penelope ( read a newspaper ) oh , look , parker . pink be the new black this season . parker I be very glad to hear it , milady . lady penelope and hemline be go up . parker that be good news , milady . lady penelope oh and apparently England win the football last night . parker yes ! eng-er-land ! ( he hand go off the steering wheel and the car begin to move to one side ) fermat and alan whoa ! lady penelope calm down , parker . parker yes , milady . sorry , milady . scene change to San Francisco City Hospital California , USA parking lot . panhead mother come on , baby . out you jump . ( turn to she teenage son who have a pan stick on he head ) wait till you father hear about this , panhead ! they be walk toward the hospital entrance when she see the light of thunderbird 2 alien ! panhead even better ! it 's the thunderbird ! virgil ok , lock it up . let 's go . let 's move it . hey , we need some help over here . jeff Mission complete . thunderbird 1 we be good to go . scott fab . mullion walk away from the other and fire a tracking goo at thunderbird 1 . scene switch to a move underwater submarine male computer voice track device , activate . the hood ah , the chariot of the god . have dally with the mortal , they return to Olympus . and so I follow . parker pardon I , milady . approach Tracy Island . and radar indicate we have some company . thunderbird 1 and 2 pull up next to Lady penelope 's fly car and Scott wave at Alan before Alan turn to look at thunderbird 2 where he father salute at he . thunderbird 1 then do a barrel roll around thunderbird 2 before they both jet off toward the island , leave Lady penelope 's car behind . lady penelope now , that 's show off . alan I wish that be I . brain I be about to run post flight check , Mr Tracy . anything I sh-sh -sh - anything you want to tell I ? jeff brain , I notice a build - up of vibration on thunderbird 2 , follow by illumination of the number 5 engine out light . brain okay , Mr. Tracy , I will ch-ch-ch-study the flight data and guidance processor . alan dad ! jeff Alan ! let I look at you . he hold Alan at arm 's length and then look he over . he then look over and see he older son approach . ah oh look out . virgil hey sprout ! ruffle he hair scott ruffle he hair hey buddy ! onaha dinner 's ready . come and get it . jeff onaha , it smell delicious . I be starve . alan so dad , I see the mission on tv . it look dangerous . jeff save life be a dangerous business . but it 's what we do . alan do you think the fire be cause by thermal up draught ? I mean that would explain the -- ( Jeff cut he off ) jeff whoa , whoa , whoa , enough shop talk . I want to hear about school . alan School 's boring . plus I have be think , maybe I could be home -educate now . that way , I could sit in on mission from time to time . what do you think ? jeff no short cut , Alan . no school , no rocket . say , why be not you wear you retainer ? scott so I be get the read tell I that the wind be blow 60 knot , right up my keister . virgil no kid . alan do you try readjust the flap ? scott well that 's the first thing I do , sprout ! it 's not my first day in a thunderbird you know . gordon try and keep up ! virgil yeah and do not you have homework to do or something ? gordon unless he 's blow up this school , like the last one ! scott yeah , keep Alan away from the ship , he 's a hazard . jeff okay , that 's enough . pass the salad . virgil man , I have not see that much fire since that volcano in fiji . scott that be not fiji that be Istanbul . virgil no , no , Istanbul be the earthquake . scott yeah well , nothing compare to Argentina . alan dad , I be not really hungry . come on , fermat . let 's go . fermat but ! I be not do ! ( sigh ) okay . after dinner jeff kyrano , have you see Lady p ? kyrano by the pool . jeff of course . lady penelope ( answer she ringing cell phone ) parker . scene change to Alan and fermat about to enter thunderbird 1's silo . fermat we be not suppose to go in there . we could get in trouble . alan ah , you worry too much . fermat where would you get the access code for thunderbird 1 anyway ? alan fermat , my friend , what you do not know , can not hurt you . scene change back to Lady penelope and Jeff by the pool lady penelope I will be right there . it seem the fire at the oil rig be no accident . jeff any suspect ? lady penelope not yet , but I will keep you post . alan thanks for bring Alan home . lady penelope my pleasure . any excuse to visit paradise . jeff tintin ! tintin hey , Mr. Tracy . lady penelope hello , tintin . tintin good evening , Lady penelope . jeff do you know Alan 's home ? tintin ( make a annoyed face ) Alan 's back ? ( change she tone to a more pleasant one ) I mean , oh , Alan 's back ! ( look at kyrano ) hey , dad . jeff when be that two go to get along ? lady penelope when tintin decide the time be right . Girls always fire ahead of boy with that sort of thing . jeff what sort of thing ? lady penelope ( roll she eye ) romance . jeff Alan and tintin ? I do not see that one come . lady penelope no , you would not . jeff have a safe flight home , penny . lady penelope thanks , Jeff . scene switch to fermat and Alan play around in thunderbird 1 like they be really about to fly it into a mission . alan okay , fermat . run pre-flight check . fermat right . hydraulic system be green . alan commence main engine sequence . fermat fab , Alan . alan could not hurt to just fire up the instrument . fermat no wait , Alan ! that 's the ( thunderbird 1 begin to start up and fermat shout ) wrong switch ! alan oh God . ( there be loud beep come from the control panel and the boy can not shut down thunderbird 1 ) oh , could this day get any worse ? scene briefly change to Jeff get a alert in he office . jeff ( he face appear on a monitor in thunderbird 1 ) Alan , my office . now . ( thunderbird 1 shut down ) fermat it just do . the boy walk out of thunderbird 1 and be walk toward the silo door . fermat be run he hand on the nosecone of thunderbird 1 . alan I can not believe it . fermat we be so b-b-bust . fermat 's hand touch the goo that mullion fire at thunderbird 1 earlier . fermat look at this . alan what be it ? fermat look like some sort of , gallium - electrolyte compound . alan we gotta get out of here . scene change to Alan walk into he dad 's office . alan dad , I know you be mad . I should not have be in the ship , but if you just give I a minute to explain - ( Jeff cut he off ) jeff you be damn right you should not have be in there ! alan but , nothing happen dad . I have it under control . jeff under control ? do you have any idea of the importance of secrecy in we operation ? you fire up a thunderbird without activate the anti-detection shield . you put everyone in danger when you act selfishly . you want to be part of the team , you have to play by the rule . you understand ? ( Alan just look at he ) do you ? alan yeah , I understand . I understand you do not want I to be a thunderbird . you do not want I to do anything . you will not even listen to I when I be try to tell you something important ! jeff I have hear enough . you be ground for the rest of spring break . alan but , dad ! jeff bottom line , Alan . you need to grow up . alan then let I . ( he stalk toward the door before whisper , ) please ! Jeff be start at two old family photo on he desk when the video phone ring . jeff hey , John . I be just about to turn in . what can I do for you ? JOHN tracy I could sure use a pizza . you know a place that deliver ? jeff 30 minute or it 's free , right ? anything else on you mind ? JOHN well , get a forest fire in vladivostok , a typhoon head for Singapore . what 's happen on Planet Tracy ? jeff Alan 's home for spring break . JOHN yeah , I think I could see a storm brewing in you region . jeff teenager . JOHN well , we have all be there . and dad , you have do a great job since Mom die . jeff thanks , John . keep a eye on that typhoon for we . and , uh , I will call vladivostok , see if they need help with that fire . JOHN fab , dad . sleep tight . fermat be down with he father in the thunderbird hanger . fermat Morning , dad . brain hey , son . there 's something I would like to sh-sh - sh - here , take a look . fermat the neural - net control system ? brain it 's great to have you back . I bet you do not think spring break be go to be this w- w-fun . watch this . brain use the neural - net control system to lift up the phone in front of he . it also lift up the mole which be station behind he workplace . brain and that tiny phone lift up , perfect . fermat dad ? the neural - net control system short circuit . brain n-n-n- almost perfect . fermat there 's something I want to talk to you about . brain oh. right . oh. ok , right . you be have problem with a g-g-g-chi-chi-chi-wo-wo-female ? fermat n- no ! no. Alan and I find some sort of gallium compound on the nosecone of thunderbird 1 . brain we should check that out st-st-st-immediately . fermat that would be g-g-g-swell ! scene skip to Alan skip rock at the beach . the camera follow one rock and it lead to a telescope come out of the water . the telescope be connect to the Hood 's submarine . mullion the island be in sight . the hood transom , I need you . transom yes , sir . Sir , we cloaking device have evade they detection system . we have a positive visual from the tracking solution on thunderbird 1 . the hood mullion . mullion Sir ? Sir , armed and ready . shall I target the main structure ? the hood why would I want to destroy what will soon be mine ? one of the principle tenet of Eastern martial art be to use you opponent 's strength against he . the Hood use he power to keep mullion in place mullion ( try to move and realize that he can not ) this be ridiculous . the hood it will be almost impossible to force the thunderbird to leave they island . on the other hand , it require no effort at all to let they go . the Hood stop use he power on mullion and mullion fall over . the hood the thunderbird ' purpose be to rescue . all we need do be give they the victim . ( the Hood look at transom ) commence target . transom straightaway , sir . target acquisition of thunderbird 5 be lock . the hood Fire . transom fire a missile at thunderbird 5 . scene switch to John on thunderbird 5 when suddenly alarm start to go off around he . JOHN what the ? JOHN thunderbird 5 to Tracy Island . mayday ! mayday ! missile hit thunderbird 5 and John be blow back into a wall from the explosion . the scene then switch over to Tracy Island . brain and fermat run into Jeff 's office . brain switch to Command and Control Center . ( brain use a palm scanner to activate Command and Control ) the submarine be briefly show get closer to the island . Jeff , Scott , Virgil , and Gordon come run into Command and Control . jeff how bad , brain ? brain thunderbird 5 major damage sustained . possible m-m-m-possible strike by m- jeff meteor ? brain yep . jeff thunderbird be go . scene change to inside thunderbird 3. gordon check retros . go. jeff go to maximum thrust . scene switch to the submarine . the hood there go the cavalry . but who will rescue the rescuer ? scene change to Alan on the beach look up at thunderbird 3 launching and head toward thunderbird 5 . tintin run up beside he and look up as well . fermat Alan ! tintin ! thunderbird 5 have be hit ! thunderbird 5 have be hit ! thunderbird 5 have be hit ! alan okay , okay , okay , okay , okay do not panic . do not panic . the child look toward the beach when they hear a noise and see the submarine beginning to surface . alan on the other hand . alan , fermat , tintin run ! the kid run and hide behind some tree and shrub . scene then switch to inside the submarine . mullion we make land . the hood ( direct toward transom ) cut they off . transom activate communication blackout . scene switch to brain in Command and Control brain what the he-he-devil be go on ? brain Mr. Tracy , do you copy ? brain thunderbird 3 please respond . scene switch back to the kid hide on the beach . alan how would they find the island ? do you think it be what I do in thunderbird 1 ? do you think I ruin everything ? fermat no ! that compound we find could have some sort of transmit capability . tintin we have to do something . fermat my dad 's in the control room , but how do we get there now ? alan the vent . let 's go ! we have to get a message to my dad . scene switch to thunderbird 5 JOHN I be lose all power . repeat , I be lose all power . jeff hold on , John . we be come in . Gordon , prepare for immediate docking . gordon you get it , dad . reverse main thruster on my mark . Three , two , one . jeff easy . watch the roll . virgil Roll index angle minus two degree . gordon we be lock on . jeff Nice work scott tunnel hatch secure . jeff emergency pack boy . let 's move ! jeff we be in . let 's go ! Jeff , Scott , Virgil , and Gordon be now in the damage thunderbird 5 with John . jeff John ! Scott , tackle that fire . JOHN be I glad to see you guy ! jeff easy , you be hurt . Virgil , take care of you brother . Gordon , give I a damage assessment . scene switch to back on the island . the kid be run through the jungle while head toward the vent and the Hood and he crew be head toward Command and Control . alan come on , hurry ! Inside the Tracy house transom have find the close door to Command and Control center . use a electronic device she find out what type of door it be . transom one-inch steel plate , with sequential titanium lock mechanism . mullion ( look and door and pop he joint ) I love a challenge . scene change to right outside the Tracy house as the kid be approach the vent . fermat watch out for the guard . alan get in , get in . scene switch to brain sit nervously in the Command and Control room , whistling nervously to himself and read a magazine upside down . on the other side of the door there be muffle bang from where mullion be try to break open the door . brain ( door burst open and mullion , transom , and the Hood walk in ) who -o-o -o- what 's go on ? the hood so , this be mount Olympus . and this be the thunderbird . I should have guess . Jeff Tracy , the billionaire , ex-astronaut , of course . be not he the one who lose he wife in a accident ? avalanche be not it ? how tragic . scene switch to Alan , tintin , and fermat walk in the vent toward the one that lead to the Command and Control room . alan ( whisper ) just keep go straight ahead . tintin ( whisper ) okay . scene switch back to Command and Control room . transom Professor hackenbacker ? we meet at last year 's international conference on nanotechnology . I think you thesis on neutrino be extremely , stimulate . the hood transom , concentrate ! transom sorry , sir . the command control switch , be here . fingerprint recognition system . the hood Professor . please . activate the control switch . brain n-n-n-n-n- you must be kid . the hood Professor , you and I share a interest in the science of the mind . the difference be , I be bear with my power . trust I when I tell you , you have barely touch the surface . ( brain be force to stand up and walk over to the Hood ) even the strongest mind can be break . it would be a pity to break yours . brain fu- fu - fu- no way ! the hood activate the control switch , prof ! ( use he power to make brain move ) like a puppet on a string ! ( laugh ) brain hand touch the activation pad . transom we have control . mullion ( to brain ) get up . transom sorry , Professor . nothing personal . scene briefly switch to the child 's worried face in the vent . scene then change back to thunderbird 5 , where the control panel be buzzing . scott we get a warning light on we eps system . jeff attempt manual override . scott no , that 's negative ! scene switch back to Alan , tintin , and fermat in the vent . alan that 's it . fermat okay , this one . scene switch to thunderbird 5 . jeff back to thunderbird 3 now . ( turn to help a injure John ) John , we gotta move . gordon the lock mechanism 's jamme ! the hood attention , thunderbird 5 . as you can see I have take over you facility . you no longer control you operational system . scene change back to the kid in the vent . they can stick they head out of the vent and see into the Command and Control room , but they be hide behind a panel and the Hood and he minion can not see they . alan they have take over . the hood warm they up , transom . transom increase temperature to maximum . the child be now look into the Command and Control room . kyrano and he wife , onaha , be drag in . alan who 's the bald freak ? kyrano you ? the Hood use he power on he and he fall down clutching he head . tintin dad ! fermat they have get m-my dad . jeff okay , you have we attention . who be you ? what do you want ? the hood oh how rude of I . you can call I the Hood . now , listen , Mr. Tracy . we will not be negotiate . I be go to use the thunderbird to rob the large bank in the world , start with the Bank of London . the world 's monetary system will be throw into chaos and the thunderbird hold responsible . scott you will never get away with it . jeff why the thunderbird ? the hood a eye for a eye , Mr. Tracy . jeff a eye for a eye ? the hood perhaps you have forget I , but surely you remember save the life of my brother , kyrano ? kyrano turn to the video phone that the Hood have be use to communicate with thunderbird 5 . I be sorry , Mr. Tracy . I think he be dead . the hood ( laugh and then turn to the guard ) take they away . mullion yes , sir . the kid lift they head back up into the vent alan whoa . tintin that make the Hood my uncle ? fermat every family have a black sh-sh - a black sh- ( sneeze and everyone in the Command and Control room look around , while brain pretend that it be he that sneeze . ) fermat ( turn to look at Alan ) this room 's murder with my allergy . the kid stick they head back out the vent and look at what be go on in the Command and Control room . the hood you leave I to die that day . you may have break my body but you have no idea how powerful my mind have become . and now you will suffer , as I suffer , wait for a rescue that will never come . ( make a motion for transom to cut off the call with thunderbird 5 . ) jeff wait ! ( video link cut dead and then the scene cut to thunderbird 5 . ) Scott , status report . scott co2 level be rise . jeff alright , wire the oxygen scrubber to the emergency battery . clean the air . virgil how long will that give we ? JOHN about four hour . scene switch back to the kid look into the Command and Control room . fermat begin to start sneezing again . tintin and Alan put they hand over he nose and mouth to try and muffle the sound . ) mullion someone 's there . ( mullion walk over to the ceiling , he be stand directly below where they be . the kid be try to leave the vent when he hand shoot up through the ceiling and grab Alan 's ankle . he let go after tintin bite he hand and he gasp in pain . ) the child be now talk loudly and everyone in the Command and Control room can hear they . tintin run ! run! alan no , jump ! we can get through to the silo . the child scream as they fall down a tunnel lead to the silo . and the scene switch to the Command and Control room . the hood apparently , the island be not as secure as you think . ( he look at the old photo that be on Jeff 's desk . Children ! do you find any child ? transom ( use the security camera to see into the silo ) here they be . thunderbird 2 silo , in the load arm . mullion and two other guard run off to get they the hood ( speak to transom ) seal they in . alan hold on ! tintin the door ! you guy , let 's go ! c'mon fermat go! go! the child reach the door that lead to thunderbird 3's silo just as it close . alan this way . ( they run toward the still close thunderbird 1 silo door . ) fermat ( after the door close before they can get through it ) no ! tintin they have get we trap . what now ? fermat if we can get to the thunderbird 1's silo , we can escape through the service tunnel . but we need a plan , Alan . alan I will use the thunderizer on the door . guard be in the elevator head down to come get they ) alan you guy get the goons with the firefly ! fermat Alan ! this equipment be only to be use in a emergency . ( Alan and tintin give he look ) I guess this qualify . alan yeah . tintin here they come . fermat , can you drive this thing ? fermat uh , no . tintin hey , watch it ! fermat I take microbiology , not driver 's ed . set the pressure to maximum . tintin get it . mullion ( the guard walk out of the elevator and see tintin point the firefly at they ) retreat ! ( they fall over and have trouble get up due to the slipperiness of the stuff fire at they ) tintin let 's move it . alan that 's it . time to thunderize . ( after the door have a hole cut in it . ) yes ! alan come on , let 's go ! mullion get them ! alan where 's fermat ? tintin fermat ! alan fermat ! fermat come ! alan hurry up . ( the child be now in thunderbird 1 's silo ) what be you do back there , fermat ? fermat I have a - n-n idea . alan just try and keep up , okay ? I will open the tunnel . we gotta keep move . ( Alan type in a pass code ) alan ( to tintin and fermat ) go back . yell when you see they come . ( try another pass code ) Alan turn away from the door for a moment and the camera can see the Hood on the other side of the door . Alan turn back and see he . the hood Alan . you can run if you want . be you surprised to hear what you father do to I ? it be frightening when we realize we parent be not perfect . but perhaps you already suspect that about you father . why do he build this magnificent machine ? do you suppose it be guilt ? because he let you mother die . ( Alan shake he head no ) open the door , Alan . ( Alan continue to shake he head no ) ( the Hood chuckle at he refusal ) open , the , door . ( he try to use he power on Alan but nothing happen ) alan ( shout to tintin and fermat ) we can not go this way . he 's there . the Hood use he power to open the door and mullion and the other guard appear at the other doorway , leave the child trap . fermat no ! ( he fall slightly ) ow . what be we gonna do , Alan ? alan I do not know . I be think , okay ? ( Alan look at the control panel behind the Hood and see a button that will open part of the floor under thunderbird 1 . keep back up . I have get a idea . ( Alan take he rock launcher from the pouch it be in on the back of he pants . and fire it at the button , but miss . ) tintin that 's you idea ? the hood it 's not I you be angry at , Alan . alan it 's not you I be aim at . ( Alan fire another rock and this time hit the button and the floor drop out from underneath tintin , fermat , and Alan . tintin , fermat , and Alan scream as they fall . ) the hood get they ! mullion transom , fire up thunderbird 1 . and set it on broil ! the kid look behind they while they be fall down the tunnel and see the flame come from thunderbird 1 behind they . tintin scream even louder . the tunnel open up and lead to the ocean . back in Command and Control transom no sign of they . mullion of course not , the little brat go up like firecracker . pop , pop , pop ! ( laugh at brain and brain move to punch he . ) the hood do not , give he the satisfaction , Professor . this be take too long . pick out the equipment you need to get into that bank and load it into thunderbird 2 . no more delay . mullion yes , sir . scene switch to the child try to get onto the beach , they be get knock over by a couple of wave . fermat be cough and spluttering . fermat how about a little warning next time you pull a stunt like that ? alan relax , fermat . it 's just a little water . fermat I could have drown . alan you mean you can not swim ?! fermat I repeat , I could have drown . scene switch to the boy ringing out they shirt , they be both in they boxer . alan I say I be sorry , fermat . just put this behind we , okay ? we gotta watch each other 's back . Nice drawer . fermat thank you . tintin boo ! alan no , c'mon tintin , stay there . tintin you be worse than a couple of girl . hurry up and get dress . ( to fermat ) that be nice drawer ! scene switch to the child walk along one of the beach . fermat data from Tracy Island be send to thunderbird 5 via satellite , right ? alan right . fermat so , there 's a miniscule possibility that if we reach the satellite station , we could alan blow it up ! fermat no , we could hack in to it and give control back to thunderbird 5 . alan good think , fermat . alright , let 's do it . ( Alan start draw the plan in the sand ) here 's the plan . we be here , right ?. so , we go along the shore around the base of the mountain to the access road , here . and then up to the transmitter . so what do you think ? tintin good . except that we be here , not there , and the transmitter be there , not here . we have to go through the jungle . fermat but that 's f-f - off limit . tintin it 's gonna be dangerous . alan I be in . ( all three of they put they hand together ) we gotta get up there fast ! all we folk be in trouble and if the Hood get off the island fermat actually , he 's not go anywhere for now . alan the guidance processor for thunderbird 2 . you can not take off without it . fermat you be a genius . how would you get this ? fermat Alan , my friend , what you do not know , can not hurt you . scene switch to Lady penelope 's country mansion in England , where parker be out clean a car when the car phone ring . lady penelope parker ? parker milady ? lady penelope we have a emergency . scene switch to Lady penelope 's bathroom lady penelope what a charming fellow . someone knock on the door . lady penelope come in . parker enter Lady penelope 's bathroom , with tea , where she be up to she shoulder in bubble bath . lady penelope have a look at this , parker . ( there be a computer monitor near she foot . ) he , and this woman , poor girl , both work for this man , know as the Hood . parker sound like a alias , milady . lady penelope quite right , parker . Real name : trangh belagant . assume dead when he illegal diamond mine collapse in the jungle of the malaya . ( take a sip of tea ) oh , perfect , parker . the thunderbird rescue over 500 mine worker , include Mr. belagant 's brother . parker milady , that 's Mr. Tracy 's loyal manservant , kyrano . lady penelope how 's my schedule , parker ? parker you have clay pigeon shoot with Lord marlborough , a benefit gala for the Institute of the blind , and incidentally there 's a typhoon bear down on Singapore . lady penelope I suppose that 's urgent . parker yes , milady . there be also a bridge collapse in Buenos Aires and a volcanic eruption in jakarta . lady penelope the thunderbird have not respond ? parker no , milady . and the media be awash in speculation vis-à-vis they whereabouts . parker turn on the news . chuck over to Lisa lowe . lisa lowe Chuck , disaster after disaster around the world today and still no sight of the thunderbird . typhoon jago hit land in Singapore just one hour ago and thousand have be leave homeless by a volcano in jakarta . only the thunderbird have the incredible machine lady penelope I think it 's time to send the emergency signal , parker . parker I fear you be not wrong , milady . lisa lowe Lisa lowe . back to you , Chuck . parker hit the top of the tea pot and a light pop out and begin to blink and beep . back on Tracy Island a similar light begin to flash and bleep but brain be unable to get up to get to it because he be tie up . scene switch to the kid walk through the jungle . alan I be tell you , fermat , it be like the Hood be inside my head back there . fermat what do you mean , Alan ? alan maybe he can read mind or control mind or something . fermat do not be silly , Alan . everything can be explain by science . alan I be just try to figure out he weakness . everybody have a Achilles heel , right ? fermat my Achilles heel be actually my Achilles heel . it 's get a blister the size of a basketball . tintin ! can we s-s - tintin stop ? fermat yes ! tintin no ! fermat ( sigh ) okay . alan ( helping fermat up the hill ) no more cheeseburger for you , fermat . scene change back to Lady penelope 's house . lady penelope any word ? parker nothing , milady . lady penelope right . you will have to tell Lord marlborough that I have break my shoot arm . we shall send the Institute for the blind a dozen guide dog . and bring the car around . parker yes , milady . lady penelope the thunderbird appear to be in a spot of trouble . and I do not like that . let 's go , parker . they get in the car and it take off fly toward Tracy Island . scene switch to mullion and the Hood in the thunderbird hanger . mullion ready for launch . we will use this to get into the vault . the hood subtle , as usual , mullion . mullion I do not realize we would be get point for style . we be robbing bank , remember . the Hood use he power on mullion and mullion gasp . the hood do not worry . you will get you money . mullion ( look over toward thunderbird 2 and speak into headset ) transom , initiate pre-flight diagnostics . a alarm suddenly go off in thunderbird 2 . mullion what 's go on ? transom it 's the guidance processor . mullion what 's wrong with it ? transom there be not one . mullion aaargh ! the hood clever Alan . it 's the child . they have it . mullion no way . they be dead . no one could live through something like that . the hood I do . get they , mullion . take whatever you need . and make sure you get the guidance processor before you lose you temper . scene switch to the child in the jungle . fermat Alan , do not you think tintin be blossoming ? alan blossom ?! what 's that suppose to mean ? fermat come on , Alan . you have a c-crush on she . alan you have get to be kid . I mean , she 's . she 's not that bad , I guess . tintin ( reaches the top of the mountain ) okay , guy , take five . fermat ( still finish climb up the mountain ) five be not go to do it ! tintin guy ? Alan and fermat reach the top of the mountain , they be both puffing and panting . tintin smile at they before she see a scorpion on Alan 's shoulder . tintin do not move . fermat ( see scorpion when he stand up next to Alan ) whoa alan what be it ? tintin hexdrotilous scorpion . alan be that dangerous ? fermat .025 milligram of its venom be fatal . alan so , dangerous be in fact a understatement . tintin use power just like she uncle , the Hood , to lift the scorpion off of Alan 's shoulder and let it fall to the ground . fermat watch out ! alan tintin , what be that ? tintin let 's get go . alan hey ! she have the same power as she uncle , the Hood . fermat you think ? alan must run in the family . do you do that ? tintin just drop it , okay ? alan still think everything can be explain by science ? fermat not girl ! scene cut to thunderbird 5 where there be a alarm and then a explosion near Scott and Gordon . jeff Scott ? Gordon ? you all right ? gordon we be okay . scott the heat exchanger have blow . jeff you do not say . scene switch back to mullion and two other guard search the jungle for Alan , tintin , and fermat . mullion come on ! that brat be in here somewhere . scene change to the kid at the satellite transmitter . alan how we do fermat ? fermat do not rush I Alan . this be very d-delicate equipment . ( the circuit board spark . ) which be now b-b-broken . alan can you fix it ? fermat yea - maybe , but I will need something to solder with . alan we be in the middle of nowhere fermat , where be you go to find something like that . ( tintin and fermat see Alan 's retainer and share a look ) what ? Alan yell as tintin and fermat pull out the metal part of Alan 's retainer . alan ow ! fermat perfect . tintin gee Alan , I never figure you for a crybaby . alan I be gonna kill you . fermat what would he say ? tintin I think it be some sort of apology . fermat I get it , yes ! y-y - you the man , fermat ! okay , first step be to establish contact with thunderbird 5 . scene switch to thunderbird 5 alan dad ? JOHN it 's Alan ! jeff Alan , where be you ? be you safe ? alan I be at the satellite relay station with fermat and tintin . fermat 's gonna hack into the main computer system and give control of thunderbird 5 back to you . jeff we be stand by . fermat okay , we be almost there . scene switch to Command and Control room with transom and brain . transom goodness I , Professor . you be so good - look without you glass on . I think you may find that 's another thing we have in common . pretty ? ( she lean in to kiss he , but a alarm sound at the control panel ) transom oh now that 's not fair . just when thing be start to sizzle . transom ( to the Hood as he walk in ) a burst of transmission from the island 's satellite station . should I jam it ? the hood and give mullion the coordinate . scene switch to mullion and the two guard in a car . transom be communicate with he through he headset . transom take the main track southeast , then head up Satellite Hill . scene switch back to the kid at the satellite station . fermat they be onto we ! we be be jamme ! alan can you finish ? fermat I will try . jeff ( through the video phone ) Alan , what 's happen ? alan hang in there dad , one more minute , okay ? fermat it 's not go to work Alan . the signal 's too weak for data transmission . alan dad , can you hear I ? they be jam the signal . we be go to lose you . do not worry , I will take care of everything , okay ? jeff that 's a negative ! it 's too dangerous . follow emergency procedure . wait for Lady penelope at the rendezvous point . Alan can you read I ? ( the screen begin to break up ) alan dad ! jeff Alan we be lose you ! Alan ! alan dad ! Alan throw the video phone fermat no ! alan useless ! fermat it be now . tintin I be sorry , Alan . this be hard on all of we . alan no , it 's okay . I be fine . fermat you do not have to be such a tough guy Alan . I be worried about my dad too . tintin I would do anything to be with my parent right now . alan but the Hood know we be alive now . we have to go . fermat even worse , they know exactly tire screech and mullion and the guard appear . fermat where we be ! mullion and the other guard watch the kid run down the hillside for a second . mullion come on ! the kid fall down a ditch scream and into a river . fermat great , more water . alan tintin , can you slow them down ? tintin I would be delighted . alan then do it . and meet we at the junk yard . come on , fermat . scene change to Alan and fermat discover a hoversle in the junkyard . alan this will get we out of here . scene change to mullion hunt tintin down in the forest . mullion there ! come on ! tintin look up and see a bee hive . mullion straight ahead . tintin use a limb to hit the bee hive at mullion and the other two guard . mullion fall off the car and into a puddle while be stung by bee . the scene cut back to Alan and fermat in the junkyard attach something to the back of the hoversle so that all three of they can fit on it . fermat it 's gonna make this thing hard to control you know . alan no problem . fermat you really must be careful not to exceed four bar of boost or else alan I say no problem . tintin guy , let 's go we have get to get out of here . what be this ? fermat it 's a hoversle . alan it 's we ticket out , unless you have get a better idea . tintin yeah , let 's wait for Lady penelope , like you dad say . fermat ( hand tintin the seat to the hoversle ) here . alan great plan . let 's sit and wait to get catch . I say we do something . now ! right , fermat ? fermat actually , I agree with tintin . I do not think this be s-s-safe . alan you do not think anything be 's s-safe . fermat just because I s-s-stutter do not mean that I be wrong . if we be a team , we should make decision as a team . alan do you guy want to sit here and take a vote ? or do you want to get out of here ? cuz I be go . tintin you can be a real jerk sometimes . scene change to mullion look up and see the kid escape on the hoversle . mullion ( to the guard drive the car ) go! go ! tintin ( after look behind she and see mullion and the other guard in the car get closer to they ) oh , no ! mullion come on ! faster ! fermat Alan ! you be go too fast ! alan I need more speed to get above the tree . hang on ! tintin and fermat fall off the hoversle scream and at mullion 's foot . alan what would I tell you guy ? ( look down and see fermat and tintin be capture . ) oh , no . scene switch to mullion walk tintin and fermat to a door in the Tracy house . tintin what be you do ? fermat oh , no ! not the fridge ! fridge door open to reveal kyrano , onaha , and brain . onaha tintin ! brain hey son . kyrano sweetheart , be you okay ? tintin I be fine , dad . mullion ( grab fermat away from brain and have he sit down on a container ) cool off , kid ! ( he laugh evilly as he walk out of the fridge and close the door on the way out ) scene switch to Park and Lady penelope approach Tracy Island . parker Tracy Island approach , milady . switch to aqua mode . lady penelope be not life fun , sometimes ? parker rib-tickling , milady . scene switch to transom and the Hood in Command and Control get a alarm that a aircraft be approach Tracy Island . the hood what be it ? transom we have a unidentified craft approach the island at high speed . scene switch to Alan climb over a hill and see Lady penelope 's car approach . alan Lady p! scene switch to thunderbird 5 jeff phew ! somebody roll down a window . it 's get a little hot in here . virgil re-entry into Earth 's atmosphere in 37 minute . scott oxygen 's out in 30 so we will not feel it . jeff stop it ! gordon come on , dad . the situation 's hopeless . jeff no , it 's not . there 's still time . we have get people on the ground work for we . gordon Alan ? he 's just a kid ! jeff he 's a Tracy . scene switch quickly to Alan run through the forest and then to Lady penelope and parker walk up to the Tracy house lady penelope this do not look good , parker . parker no , milady . lady penelope that bougainvillea be absolutely parched , and someone should do something about that hideous hammock . the hood ( after see Lady penelope and parker ) whom do we have here ? mullion . mullion I must warn you that I know judo , krai magna , and tae kwon do . lady penelope and I know parker . parker milady . mullion ( after parker punch he in the face ) you have break my nose . parker yes , that be very much the intention of the maneuver . transom ( after she try to attack Lady penelope and Lady penelope push she over ) whoa ! lady penelope one try so hard in life to sort thing out on a intellectual - slash - conversational level . sometimes it 's just not possible . Lady penelope continue to fight transom and parker continue to fight mullion , the Hood be watch they . parker ( after mullion throw he against a metal cabinet ) shall I bring the car around , milady ? lady penelope parker , have a bit of a lie-down . parker ( see mullion behind Lady penelope ) Excuse I , milady . ( punch he and after that have no effect he pick up a fry pan and hit mullion ) transom go back to fight Lady penelope and mullion be fight parker . the hood ah , Lady penelope ! of course he have he palace . why not he princess ? lady penelope flattery will get you nowhere . ( after she block the metal bar that transom be try to hit she with ) ow ! have you any idea what a manicure cost this day ? parker ( be push mullion forward ) come through , milady . the camera quickly pan a little bit outside to show Alan hide behind some shrub watch the fight . parker ( after the Hood use he power to throw a sofa at they ) duck , milady ! alan he 's weak . use he power make he weak . ( the Hood , have hear something look over toward where Alan ) the hood you be formidable opponent Lady penelope . more than a match for most man . lady penelope that 's not say much , then , be it ? the hood ( use he power to stop the punch that parker be about to throw at he ) I suggest you let we pass . lady penelope do not try you parlor game on I you sad , little man . you have commit a serious crime trespasp on this island . and in about ( look at parker 's watch ) four second , I be go to get quite cross with you . ( the Hood use he power to stop she foot which be about to come up and kick he . ) the hood ( with he back still to Alan ) how be you , Alan ? ( he use he power on parker and Lady penelope and they cry out in pain ) ( Alan move to run back into the jungle ) I hope you do not think I be go to chase you . ( he use he power on parker and Lady penelope and they cry out in pain again ) you can make it stop , Alan . ( parker and Lady penelope cry out again ) you have something that belong to I . parker really , sir , do not mind I . this be not the first time my head 's be pulverize . and it 's never do any real harm before . ( the Hood once again use he power on they and they cry out in pain louder this time ) alan ( come out of he hide place ) stop ! stop ! I will give it to you . ( throw the guidance processor toward the pool ) fetch ! ( the Hood use he power to bring it over to he before it can hit the water ) the hood you make a match of it , Alan , I will give you that . ( to mullion and transom ) put they with the other . ( transom grab parker ) mullion ( to Lady penelope and Alan ) you be come with I . ( grab Alan 's arm and throw Lady penelope over he shoulder ) lady penelope put I down ! this outfit be couture . scene switch to thunderbird 5 . jeff do not go to sleep . John , look at I . keep you eye open . scene switch back to the fridge where mullion and transom be take Alan , Lady penelope , and parker . mullion you need to cool off , milady . tintin Lady penelope ! lady penelope ( to mullion ) Big oaf ! ( the fridge door close leave they trap ) right , that 's quite enough lose for one day . alan ( to fermat ) so , how do it feel to be right all the time ? fermat not b-bad , actually . alan I be so sorry , fermat . fermat we make quite a pair . it 's hard for I to t-t-talk . it 's hard for you to l-l-listen . lady penelope parker , I have a idea . parker excellent , milady . lady penelope brain , how long do Jeff and the boy have ? brain I can not think . I be too c-c-cold . scene switch to transom , mullion , and the Hood in thunderbird 2 about to leave Tracy Island . transom the guidance processor have be install . transom thunderbird 2 be ready for takeoff . the hood what be we eta ? mullion under a hour . Bank of London , here we come ! scene change back to the fridge . alan we have get to be quick . the Hood 's get away . parker in position , milady . lady penelope here we go . female computer voic Launch sequence , stage two . ( Lady penelope kick she shoe at a icicle which fall and cut through the rope tie parker 's hand together . ) alan yes ! parker good shot , milady . lady penelope ( as they be untying everyone ) come on , parker . let 's give the bad guy a good thrashing ! scene switch back to thunderbird 2 launching stage three . scene change back to the fridge . parker ( try to figure out how to open the door ) this seem to be a six - lever mortise , milady . lady penelope I love it when you checker past come in handy parker . parker thank you , milady . unfortunately , I fear I shall need a piece of wire to access the mechanism . ( Lady penelope 's hand go up shirt to get she bra wire and everyone turn around ) lady penelope will this suffice , parker ? parker most certainly , milady . lady penelope I do not actually need it , anyway . parker of course not , milady . ( parker get the door open ) fermat Quick ! they be get away alan okay , everyone get to the control room . fermat ( hand parker he hat ) hat . scene switch to everyone run into the Command and Control room fermat get in there quick , fermat , and save my family . then we will get the Hood . good luck ! fermat look like they slip a backdoor key into the access code . brain I will follow you lead , son . lady penelope ( use the video phone to talk with thunderbird 5 ) thunderbird 5 come in . thunderbird 5 come in . alan how long have they get before re-entry ? fermat 90 second and count fermat I be in ! alan good job , fermat . fermat okay , I just need someone on they end to confirm the access protocol . ' brain thunderbird 5 come in . alan dad , come on be we come through ? brain Mr. Tracy , can you hear I ? come in . lady penelope thunderbird 5 come in . alan dad , come on ! brain Mr. Tracy , can you hear I ? come in . alan dad ! brain thunderbird 5 come in . alan how long have they get ? fermat 45 second until re-entry . brain damn it , Jeff ! wake up ! jeff I think that 's the first time you have ever call I by my first name , brain . thanks for waking I . alan dad ! jeff Alan ! well do . fermat Mr. Tracy , confirm access protocol . JOHN confirm . we be back online . brain gravity be restore . put thunderbird f-f - you craft into geostational orbit immediately . jeff fab , brain . jeff look like we be good to go . alan dad , be you all right ? jeff we be fine . we still have a job to do . where 's the Hood ? brain he 's in thunderbird 2 Mr. Tracy head for l-l-l lady penelope London . brain she 's right . alan he 's get the mole on board . JOHN look like thunderbird 3 lose a booster , dad . we will never get there in time . alan let I go after the Hood . he will destroy everything you have build everything the thunderbird stand for . jeff negative . I be sorry it 's too risky . alan I can do this . you know I can . what be I say ? ( put he arm around tintin and fermat ) we can do this . jeff okay , Alan . we will meet you there . thunderbird be go ! alan fab . jeff ( to he son ' on thunderbird 5 ) okay , boy , we be outta here . tintin be we really go ? alan yep . tintin oh , boy ! alan you ready , fermat ? fermat N - n - I guess ! scene switch to Alan , fermat , tintin , and Lady penelope in thunderbird 1 with Alan and fermat at the control . fermat Flight control be green . female coputer voice anti-detection shield activate fermat hydraulic system be good . alan right . set primary fuel pump . Main engine start . lady penelope ( to tintin ) do not boy just love they toy ? complete . lady penelope and off we go ! scene switch to thunderbird 2 enter London . bridge worker get the bridge up ! get the bridge up ! scene switch back to thunderbird 1. brain thunderbird 1 come in . alan Roger , brain . brain situation update , thunderbird 3 be about to initiate separation . alan and fermat fab . lady penelope boy , thunderbird 2 be in final approach to London . alan I know the Hood 's weakness , fermat . I can stop he if we get there in time . fermat stand by . we be go to maximum thrust . all whoaaaa ! scene switch to thunderbird 3 separate from thunderbird 5 jeff Gordon , heat them up . thunderbird 2 land in a park near the London Eye and cause panic . chuck we be get report of some kind of incident in London involve the thunderbird . Lisa , be you there ? lisa lowe Chuck , I be here in Jubilee garden where thunderbird 2 have make a impromptu landing , cause total panic in Central London . as far as we know there have be no emergency call from this area so it 's unclear why thunderbird 2 would be active here at all . I do not know if you can see this Chuck but thunderbird 2 seem to be unload some kind of machine . scene change to inside the mole with transom , mullion , and the Hood . the hood set a course for the vault . transom Sir , if we continue on we present course , we will sever the monorail 's subterranean support . shall I correct we position ? the hood stay on course . transom but sir , we will cause a major disaster . the hood no , we will not . the thunderbird will . the mole sever the subterranean support leave one monorail car strand in the air . scene then switch to thunderbird 1 lady penelope let 's get she down , boy . alan initiate landing , fermat . fermat right . alan retros at 75 flap to 16 . fermat fab . fermat you be go too fast . alan thanks . retros to 90 . thunderbird 1 land . lady penelope textbook , boy . scene switch to the mole transom activate electromagnetic pulse to disable the bank 's security system . mullion eta , one minute . scene switch to Lady penelope in thunderbird 1 talk to parker on she cell phone . lady penelope parker , meet I at the Bank of London . parker yes , milady . ' Alan , tintin , and fermat run to thunderbird 2 . scene switch to thunderbird 3 re-enter Earth 's atmosphere . jeff ride it out , boy ! scene change to Alan , tintin , and fermat in thunderbird 2 . alan the Hood 's get away . tintin that people can not hold on much longer . fermat what be we gonna do , Alan ? alan we be the thunderbird . we duty be to save that people . brain , we be go into the accident zone . brain fab , thunderbird 2 and good luck . alan brain , the monorail be down . repeat , the monorail be down . I be go underwater in thunderbird 4 . you have the bridge . ( turn on autopilot ) fermat I ?! fly alone ?! alan fermat , the thunderbird need you right now . I need you . fermat fab , alan. ( turn off autopilot ) scene switch to thunderbird 3 fly to London . jeff brain , come in , what 's the situation ? brain the Hood have cause a disaster with the mole mono- mono- mono - one - track railway be down in the Thames . jeff where 's thunderbird 1 ? brain it 's on the ground . the k-k- kid be in thunderbird 2. jeff fab . we be right behind them . scene change to mullion , transom , and the Hood in the Bank of London . mullion look at all this gold ! the hood stay focus , mullion . nine more bank to go . scene change to Alan in thunderbird 4 . alan fermat , deploy thunderbird 4 in three , two , one , thunderbird 4 be go . I can see the monorail . people be panic in the monorail and a little girl be cry for she mommy . alan do not panic , guy . alan fermat , I will hold the monorail in place . can you get a line on that stanchion and lift it up ? fermat I can not get a clear fix on the target . I might hit the passenger . tintin I will go and fix it myself . fermat what you mean swim ?! tintin get I as close as you can . alan how be we do on that line fermat ? fermat just look out you window . fermat come on , tintin , come on ! alan come on . come on , tintin . you can do this . ( tintin successfully connect the rope to the stanchion and swim toward thunderbird '' airlock ) open the airlock . alan ok , fermat , we need a lift . fermat fab , Alan . commence reverse thrust . alan that be amazing , tintin . tintin thank you . alan Nice job , fermat . fermat nothing to it , really . alan ( to tintin who be help he lift the monorail out of the water with thunderbird 4 ) easy do it . thunderbird 3 have land and Jeff , Scott , John , Virgil , and Gordon be run over to the river bank to look for Alan in thunderbird 4 . scott there they be ! ( everyone cheer ) alan ( after he and tintin have get out of thunderbird 4 ) glad you could finally join we . jeff hey do not get cocky after one mission . we still have a dangerous situation . I need you boy to close down this accident scene . tintin , go get fermat . meet we at thunderbird 1 . Alan , you come with I . virgil okay let 's clean it up guy . jeff we get to get to the Bank of London fast . alan Lady penelope go after the Hood . jeff I know , she may need help . scene change to the Hood inspect a diamond at the Bank of London . the hood ash to ash , diamond to diamond . Lady penelope . what a unpleasant surprise . lady penelope do not be rude . I can not tell you what a pleasure it would be to use my little finger to pull this big trigger . now , do not move ! the hood mullion . ( use he power to knock the gun from Lady penelope 's hand ) lady penelope that 's not cricket . the hood I be sorry . the only part of sport I ever like be win . lady penelope how ghastly . scene change to Alan and Jeff in thunderbird 1 . alan hey , dad . that stuff the Hood say , about you leave he to die . he be lie , right ? jeff no. see , you can not save everyone , Alan . it do not matter how hard you try or how brave you be . it do not even matter if it 's someone you love , someone you would give you life in a second to save . you just can not save everyone . alan what be Mom like ? jeff she be a lot like you . come on , we have get a job to do . scene switch to Lady penelope be handcuff at the Bank of London . the hood finish she off , mullion . lady penelope shame on you . I always despise a man who delegate the important job . ( see the look mullion be give she ) oh , dream on , sad act . ( mullion chuckle and walk away . ) scene switch to Jeff , Alan , tintin , and fermat about to enter the Bank of London when parker pull up . jeff good timing , parker . parker good afternoon Mr. Tracy . jeff come with we . parker my pleasure , Mr. Tracy . scene switch to the Hood talk to mullion and transom . the hood the thunderbird . they be here . kill they all . scene switch to Jeff , Alan , parker , tintin , and fermat inside the Bank of London . jeff Alan , you guy stay here with parker . I be gonna go find Lady penelope . alan but what about the Hood ? ( Alan point behind parker ) look out , parker ! ( when parker turn away Alan run after he dad . ) parker master Tracy ! fermat look out , parker ! parker alright , that 's enough of that . mullion ( from behind parker ) do not move . ( parker motion for the kid to run forward but transom block they . parker put he hand up as if to punch she ) transom go on , then . parker no , sorry . I can not hit a lady . tintin allow I . ( she kick transom and run off , transom chase she ) mullion ( to fermat ) I have be wait to get my hand on you brat . parker and I have be wait to get my hand on you . they brawl for a few second before mullion land a good punch on parker . parker ow , now that be a punch . fermat parker , can we wrap this up ? parker what do you have in mind , master hackenbacker ? fermat strategically speak , the best odd of success lie with the parker haymaker . parker I concur . ( they knock mullion out ) scene change to Jeff run into the room that Lady penelope be be hold captive in jeff penny ! penny Jeff , no ! the hood do you save they all this time , Jeff ? or do you leave someone behind ? jeff I do not make you what you be . the hood it 's not I you have to convince . ( motion he head toward the entrance of the room where Alan be stand ) jeff leave my son out of this - ( the Hood use he power to throw Jeff into the cage that Lady penelope be handcuff in ) lady penelope Jeff ! alan dad ! ( Alan run toward the close cage door and reach it right as it slam shut ) dad ! dad ! the hood I be disappointed in you , Alan . I think we be kindre spirit . alan well , we be not . I be Jeff Tracy 's son . the hood you certainly be . ( Alan run at he ) jeff no ! lady penelope Alan no ! ( the Hood use he power to throw Alan off to the side where he slam into a wall ) jeff Alan ! the Hood look daze but then use he power to fly up to the catwalk above the mole . the scene then switch to tintin be chase by transom run into a cage . transom come here , you little minx ! ( tintin jump up on a bar and flip to the other side while transom run into the wall ) ow ! tintin ( close the cage door ) bye-bye . scene switch back to the room with the Hood , Alan , Jeff , and Lady penelope . jeff Alan , stay back . the hood you want so desperately to walk in daddy 's footstep . ( use he power to lift Alan off the floor and make he start choke himself with he own hand ) jeff let he go . the hood do you really think you could challenge I ? jeff let he go , please . lady penelope let he go . jeff please ! let he go ! ( the Hood tighten he hold of Alan and then release he ) lady penelope Alan ! be you all right ? jeff Alan , get out . run ! alan he 's get weaker . he can not last much longer . jeff neither can you ! ( Alan begin to climb up the mole to reach the Hood ) Alan , no ! look out ! ( the Hood start the mole with he power and Alan have to jump and grab the railing of the catwalk ) Alan ! the hood I be glad you could be here to see this , jeff. ( step on one of Alan 's hand until he cry in pain and let go ) the hood Goodbye , Alan ! ( step on the other hand and Alan yell in pain ) ( tintin run into the room ) tintin no ! the hood ah , ( use he power on she ) ( she use she power on he as well ) oh ! ( the catwalk flip over make Alan safely on top and the Hood dangle above the still active mole . the hood leave I , Alan . leave I to die . ( release one hand from the railing ) like you father do . alan I do not want to save you life . ( the Hood let he other hand go , but Alan grab it ) but it 's what we do . scene switch to the Hood , mullion , and transom be lead to a police car outside the Bank of London when thunderbird 1 , 2 , and 3 fly above they . the hood see you soon , Jeff . parker ( to Lady penelope as she climb in the car ) now , that be definitely show off . scene change to back at Tracy Island . Scott , Virgil , John , and Gordon be play in the pool . Jeff be grill with Lady penelope stand next to he . fermat be get swim lesson from he dad and Alan be watch . virgil hey , Scott . scott get he ! lady penelope ( to Jeff ) what do you put in this margaritas ? jeff it 's a Tracy secret . brain ( to fermat ) that 's my boy ! one more week and you be gonna be swim like a f-f-f-d-d-d- sha-sha - sha -aquatic creature . alan good job , ferm . tintin ( to Alan as she spin around ) so , what do you think ? alan he 's get there . ( look at tintin ) whoa , tintin ! you be just really , um , blossoming . tintin ew ! do you say " blossoming " ? ( smile at he ) jeff ( ring a triangle ) Gather around everybody . I have a announcement to make . tonight be a special night . we be all together because of three very special people . fermat , tintin , Alan . the world need thunderbird and the thunderbird need you . ( give each of they International rescue pin ) fermat Mr. Tracy ! tintin thank you , sir . ( camera pan quickly over to parker who be tear up ) jeff congratulation , Alan . no short cut . you earn it . you all do . parker ( to onaha and kyrano ) I be not usually a emotional man , but sometimes even the toughest nut must crack . virgil ( as all four of Alan 's brother walk over to ruffle he hair and congratulate he ) hey , way to go , sprout ! JOHN that 's my boy , Alan ! that 's my brother . ( fermat and Alan be throw into the pool by Scott , John , Virgil , and Gordon who jump in after they ) jeff ( answer he phone after it ring ) yes , madam President . I see . of course , straightaway . boy . sorry , penny . duty call . lady penelope of course it do . and quite right too . scene switch to all five Tracy boy line up in they uniform about to go on a rescue mission . the older four be look at Alan . jeff thunderbird be go ! scene switch to Lady penelope and parker in a pink pedal boat lady penelope fast as you can , parker . parker certainly , milady . credit Roll with music by busted play in the background busted thunderbird be go spring break come around and there 's more heroes to be find . there 's something major go down on Tracy island , island . weapon underground keep we planet safe and sound if someone evil come round they should be frighten ( frighten ) Cause now the boy be back in town . no string to hold they down down . ( chorus ) do not be mad please , stop the hat just be glad that they ' will be wait , Friends we have be not ever change you know the lid 's about to blow , when the thunderbird be go . kid be learn fast they know the t-bird kick some ass be sure that there 's no come last cause you be on they side ( they side ) it always look so cool when spaceship come out of the pool you know that you would just be a fool to be a bad guy ( bad guy ) Cause now the boy be back in town no string to hold they down down . ( chorus ) do not be mad please , stop the hat just be glad that they ' will be wait , Friends we have be not ever change you know the lid 's about to blow , when the thunderbird be go . thunderbird be go , ( chorus ) do not be mad please stop the hat just be glad that they ' will be wait , Friends we have be not ever change . you know the lid 's about to blow , when the thunderbird be go . thunderbird be , thunderbird be go thunderbird be , thunderbird be go thunderbird be , thunderbird be go thunderbird be , thunderbird be go .