thunderheart written by John fusco fourth draft Oct. 5 , 1990 a drum . beating slow . and deep . like a heart . fade in : ext . the great plain south dakota - dawn something be rise from the Black Hills . a sphere of light , too red to be the sun . a sphere of contain fire , undulate in crimson and ochre , and rise slowly , majestically , to the pulse . to the drum . it be the sun . but it be a paha sapa sunrise . a Black Hills sunrise . and it be spectacular . the drum , pound deeper , bigger , as the sun get higher . stronger . igniting a vast landscape of gentle slope and foothills ; throw shadow on the plain that look like , as the Indians say , a old man dance . the grass be golden . and high . the wind move through it , snake through it . slowly . begin credit . voice ; a traditional indian song ( lakota ) , summoning wakan tanka - the great mystery . and now , rise up over one of the small land wave , a head come into view . shoulder . a man , run in ghostly slow motion , he long black hair trail in the wind . the indian man wear only buckskin pants and a bone choker around he neck . leg and arm churn , the man run with antelope grace , backlit by the sunrise , bound toward we . running ... he heart pound . song rising ... drum pounding ... five more voice in high - pitch tremolo join the song . and then the runner soar , like a eagle from a bluff , airborne , fly over a small dip , arm outstretch , and it would be a wondrous thing if there be not a fine , crimson , mist all around he and if slow motion be not suddenly overtaken by live speed , revealing the brutal force of gunfire which have slam the indian into the air , throw he . slam he hard into the grass . and it be over as quickly and violently as a deer shot dead . lakota song end abruptly . long shot - the great plain the sun burn like lava at the horizon . drum beat like a heart . and somewhere off in a distant cottonwood , a owl . then silence . deep , disturbing stillness . ext . capital beltway - WASHINGTON . d.c - day rock n'roll shatter the silence . Cars -- a multicolor metallic criss -cross reflect off a building make of mirror -- race past a electronic billboard that blink in red skyhigh digital : prudential life insurance . 7:59 . 73 degree . the D.C. superhighway . and off behind it , in the distance , Capital Hill hold impose vigil , the massive cast iron dome of the Capital , catch the sun . but everything be soon smother by a metro bus , hogging the far lane of the beltway , lean on its horn . good morning . and the rock n'roll be everybody 's radio , everybody 's tempo . carbon monoxide wave shimmer across the beltway hugging then release a solitary vehicle that we stay with ... move with ... a black Nissan 240 sx , hard - wax . int . 240 sx - traveling behind the wheel -- a intense young man with close - cropped black hair , eye hide by sunglass . whatever he do for a live , he do in a suit ( not expensive but well - fit . but we might also note that any extra suit cash have go instead into the silver - plate watch on he leave wrist ) . lean as a rake , sallow in the cheek , there be something insatiable about he -- a hungry energy that will not let he go . ray levoi , late 20' , early 30' , pull out of a threaten traffic jam and race on the narrow right between thirty car and a cement girder . ext . T STREET - outside west-central the black sx have jump off a exit and have enter the light - industrial section of Washington . it pull up near a load dock behind a old gray building and several park car and van . Ray step out , smooth he jacket , lock and sets he car alarm . another young man -- chubby , clean -shaven ; in a nicer suit than Ray 's -- step out from a park miata , and approach Ray . carl podjwick balance a coffee , a U.S.A . today and a black eel-skin briefcase . carl hey . ray hey . Nice tie . carl do not get too attach . they start walk briskly toward the load dock . ray ya get the paper ? they mount step . carl yeah . ray you be my hero , Carl . carl heroes be not suppose to shake . I be shakin ' , man , look at I . ray breathe , Carl . four , nice , deep one . they stop at the door of a service elevator and Carl breathes . expand he chest , exhaling . Ray adjust Carl 's tie for he , he collar . he speak quietly . quickly . ray anyone stop we go in , we be with the bowen-hamilton textile company . we have rug sample . carl rug sample . ray we be one- dimensional , boring peddler of fine carpet , Carl . Carl nod . Ray hesitates , adjust he own collar and enter the service elevator . Carl follow . door close . begin credit end . int . gray build - fencing operation Carl follow Ray into the big sparse room of unfinish sheetrock wall . there be nothing in here but cardboard box , and two people ; a bearded hispanic man stand behind a counter , write on a clipboard . the other be a middle - age black man in a purple silk shirt sit in a chair with a newspaper hold open . he barely look over the top of the Wall Street Journal . black man hey , look who 's here . ray Louis , my man , what 's happenin ' ? Ray walk up to the counter . Carl linger , fidget . Ray set he briefcase on the counter and click -click it open . the Hispanic fence man look inside , and begin pull out stack of treasury check . fence man clean one ? ray immaculate . Ray gesture to Carl and he nervously set he briefcase on the counter , fumble with the first latch . the second . he flip it open . the fence man cast he eye down at a neat cache of grade a treasury . a lot of it . then he eye rise to Carl . fence man what ya get there , seventy - five thousand ? carl a hundred and ten . Count it . louis ( black man ) have the girl count it , we can not sit around here countin ' bond , we get thing to do here . the fence man push a intercom button and yell into a speaker . fence man salllly ! Carl 's eye flit to Ray . Ray 's eye flit to Carl . Louis crush he newspaper down and lift a big colt python from he lap just as -- a section of sheetrock kick open and three federal officer bust out , each clutching a handgun , shout inaudibly . louis f.b.i .! get you face on the fuckin ' floor ! move ! Carl startle , do a almost effeminate dip down to one knee , but that knee be sweep out from under he , slapping he flat onto plywood where he be instantly frisk down by the fence man who be wield a 9 mm handgun . but the white collar criminal be more stunne by the fact that -- Ray be walk across the floor with he hand in he pocket over to the Mr. coffee . he pour one , and add some milk . turn and watch the bust while open a packet of sweet and low . ray slam dunk . louis beauty . beauty ... Ray rest he weight against the coffee station , take a careful sip . Carl be yank to he foot by the fence man and he stand there , look at Ray , baffle . completely shocked . carl Jesus Christ , Larry , what the fu -- Larry . that 's not even you name , be it ? what 's you real name , you fuck scumbag ? ray do not have one , Carl . I have a number , man . just like the number on that treasury check . you steal from you own country , Carl . shame on you . coffee in hand , Ray walk briskly toward the door . louis sugar Ray . Ray turn . Louis take a few step toward he , put he gun back in he waistband . louis they want ya Home . upstair want to see ya . Ray stand freeze , hold the door knob , and digest what be apparently influential word . louis make sure ya spell my name right . Ray just stare for a moment . then hurry out the door . Carl , be arm -grip by two agent and photograph like a trout , gaze bewilder at the door . carl ( incredulous ) we just spend four month together ... I think he be my friend ... what the fuck , man ? ( even more incredulous ) he have dinner at my mother 's . camera flash at he , a agent on either side , strike a natural pose . ext . J. edgar hoover build - establishing - day the huge , impose , mausoleum - like Hoover building , border by artificial turf , hemmed by cherry tree in blossom . turn out to be a nice day on Pennsylvania Avenue . int . FBI director' conference room - day 8x10 black and white photo deal like card onto a table , one on top of another . 1 -- a aerial shot of some wasteland . 2 -- a closer bird 's eye of the same , what look like a NASA photo of Mars . 3 -- a vast expanse of the great Plains . ROBERT f. tully , number -two-in-command , deal a fourth photo onto the table . he be a understate , fatherly man , well - manicure in cotton pencil-striped shirt , white - tab collar and tie . the photo and map and file a foot deep on the huge table be neatly organize . intercom sa levoi , Sir . tully please . seat , at the far end of the table , engross in the deep spread of information , sa ( special agent ) frank couture be about to break the record for longest single ash on the end of a cigarette and the smoke force he eye into tight , concentrate , slit . " cooch " as they call he in the Bureau have see thirty year in some rough " province " . he have survive the Hoover era and be a legend in the session era but survival have hone a edge . a edge with a touch of ironic cop humor . Ray enter , walk into a firm shake . tully Ray ... ray mister tully . tully do you want a coffee ? ray no. no , no . thank you . Ray sit nervously across from cooch who look up from the photo and study the young man through read glass and cigarette smoke , and he look at he like he do not know who the hell he be or why he 's sit there . tully levoi , cooch . Raymond levoi , criminal division . cooch oh , yeah -- right . cooch stick he cigarette in he leave hand , shake with he right . tully Ray this be -- ray / tully Frank couture . tully that 's right . couture hello , Ray . the handshake be still lock . cooch be still squinting at the young agent . Ray obviously know something about agent couture . ray it 's a honor . tully lean back in he chair , cross he leg casually . tully Ray , we be take you off the street . we need you out in South dakota . Ray 's enthusiasm suddenly deflate . ray South dakota ... ( confuse ) do I do something unsatisfactory , Sir ? cooch no , Ray . you be gonna have to blame that on you grandmother . Ray look completely baffle now , swinging a look from cooch to tully . tully interesting bloodline you have , ray. ( scan file ) french , Scots - irish , italian , ...and one -eighth american indian . cooch sioux indian , right ? ray I be not that sure . yeah , I think -- tully -- yes , teton sioux . Father 's side . Ray nod , look from tully to cooch . what 's go on here ? tully Ray , there 's be a homicide out in a area know as the badland . indian reservation . cooch it 's not the first . there 's be several . and we field office in rapid City be get a lot of heat ... none of the investigation have turn up jack shit . tully the main problem be , Ray , this people be extremely distrustful of outsider , non-Indians . Relations have not be amicable . cooch different culture . hard to penetrate . the Indians do not like white cop poke around . and that 's why we be in a position where we have to bring in a american indian agent . tully straighten the edge of a bureau memorandum . tully with a indian representative out there , we hope to keep hostility dormant ; this be a cointelpro , selective Operations unit , and it will be easier on agent couture if you can gain the people 's trust and maybe -- ray woh , excuse I , Sir ... I see what you be say ... I have get a little indian blood , that 's true . but -- ( laugh ) I be not a ... a indian . I can not just go in and -- tully -- you father be part sioux . a beat . Ray lower he eye to the photo . ray I do not know he , Sir . he pass away when I be six . cooch Seven . Ray look up at cooch . another uneasy beat . cooch light a cigarette as if lighting a cigarette be a science . cooch do not worry about it , Ray . as long as the people have proof that we send they one of they own , no one 's gonna ask you to weave basket or make it rain . Ray sit before the file and photo , look unsure . he have come to garner a promotion but have just be send to the graveyard . or in the FBI argot , indian country . tully pivot he leather chair in a full circle and slap a assignment folder down in front of the young agent . ext . the great plain - south dakota - dawn the very landscape from open image . Gentle wave of land , roll out to touch the Black Hills . the sun rise up out of the distant silhouette like a waking god. heartbeat drum . hypnotic . and then a car blow by , throw up gravel and agate and gypsum . zoooom ! right by we . go . when a dense screen of red dust clear , a old , bent , metal sign at roadside become visible . it read , through punch and rusted bullet hole : " enter bear Creek indian reservation . " heartbeat drum call in the high -pitch , mournful voice of lakota singers . the same haunt song . int . le baron - moving cooch be at the wheel . Ray , passenger . his lap be a desk for several folder , and he work through they as they drive . both agent eat a sandwich as they travel . ray eight murder in less than a year . all of they indian . all of they unsolve . be the law a non-entity out here or what ? cooch open a folder that sit between they , and take he eye off the road for a dangerous five second , locate some photo , and hand they to Ray . Ray 's expression tell we they be not pretty . cooch that be two agent who go into a reservation a few year ago to serve a warrant . they be execute at close range . that one there be a police officer kill by the mohawks up in Canada more recently . ray Jesus ... cooch the agent who have work out here say its like go into nam . unfamiliar terrain , foreign language , foreign custom ... and you never know when you might walk into a few round . they hold a lot of old anger for the white man out here . Ray consider this as he look out at the unfamiliar terrain while on the radio , a d.j. speak in lakota language . Ray ... back at cooch , study he face . ray be you in nam ? cooch airborne . that 's where they use to get we agent from . now we get them from Carnegie - melon , ivy League . accountant and computer whiz-kid . yuppy with gun . ( light a smoke ) that 's scary shit . Ray smile , set the ac on high . ray not as scary as a Hoover man with a computer . cooch throw a quick look Ray 's way . and a smile . he appreciate the sting of a right off a leave . cooch hey , hey , hey . J. Edgar would have love you . he would love anybody who join the bureau to , what be it ? " to enforce the law of my country and protect she interest " ? ray you crash my file ? cooch no. I consult it . we be go into indian country , I wanna know what kind of individual be cover my ass . do not you ? Ray have finish he sandwich . he wipe he hand on a kerchief while take in the sight of chalky butte cram roadside . ray you have be in the bureau for thirty year . you survive the hoov , the Black panther and abscam . I do not see any bullet hole . that 's good enough for I . cooch look at Ray , amused . he like this guy . and then he notice a look of grow consternation on he partner 's face . ray' Pov - moving as they drive through the first settlement , a little , break and scattered community , litter with wreck car on block , and overpopulate with hungry dog . heartbeat drum softly under . six indian child with dirty but beautiful face and long blue black hair run alongside the car , curious . one of they yell something we do not understand . past the trading post -- a white man 's store -- where six oglala sioux -- four man , two woman sit like wax figure , only they eye move to light on the freshly wax government car . a little house have a tipi erect beside it . and a satellite dish . the house beside that one have be half chop away to feed the wood stove . Poverty . ext . bear creek community - reservation - day the federal car drive out of the community and further into vast bluff and strange rock formation where it be swallow , leave the ramshackle village in dust . a lone dog -- all its rib show -- chase , barking . ext . badland - short time later we be on the Moon . or Israel . but not America . not any America we have ever see . a thirty - mile erode landscape of dune and crevice , soft rock strata and fossil . barren . and eerie . a lakota death song underscore the otherworldly ambiance of this place as -- shoe scuff through the gumbo and multi-color stone . two pair of black , spit-shine , lace -up . three. tripping . scuff . and then a fourth pair . but they be not loafer . they be georgio brutini 's and they belong to -- Ray , as he and cooch follow two special Agents from the regional office . sa mile be about cooch 's age , bald . sa sherman be closer to Ray 's age but instead of a suit like the rest , he favor a army - green jacket . neither be a South dakota shit-kicker but transplant field agent . all four shield they eye with dark glass , and here in the badland it be wise because the sun make dune shimmy and crater become face . it play mischief on the eye , make Ray and sherman nearly trip on -- a dead body lie face down in the rainbow sand . dried blood and horse fly cover he blow out torso . the agent stand over he , breathless from the rugge walk . cooch who find he ? mile indian kid . hunting fossil . cooch study the body from where he stand . sherman hand a file over to Ray . cooch okay . I think agent levoi and I can proceed from here . what be you call signal ? sherman px - 10 and 11 . anything we can do to help you out , just radio . cooch good . thanks , guy . the agent start back through the badland . Ray be already squatting a safe distance from the body , cover he nose with a kerchief while look in the file . cooch take a bend knee on the other side of the body . fly buzz on and around the corpse . ray Leo fast elk ... thirty seven ... single ... member of the tribal Council . cooch make a note then slowly circle the body . he hold a hand out to Ray and the young agent turn the file over . cooch look like fast elk be not fast enough to outrun that load . what do you make of the damage ? Ray get closer , swat at fly with the folder . ray six round . 357 . cooch that 's what it look like , do not it ? but that 's what a ten gauge , choke -bor , shotgun will look like when it hit you lower back from five foot away . Ray look up impressed . cooch rise and walk off gingerly , scan the surroundings . ray somebody be serious about do this guy , that 's for sure . cooch Ray . cooch be stand ten foot away , stare at the ground . Ray walk over , carefully . he follow cooch 's frown down at the twisted layer of earth . on the ground a circle have be etched deep in the soft gumbo , and in the center of the circle , a white eagle plume stick straight up , dance in the wind . cooch and Ray each lower themselves to they haunch to study the strange sight . cooch put he read glass on , stare at it . then light a cigarette . Ray heft up a camera and begin clicking off shot . he start move around it , take shot at different angle . and then the sound of a distant motor draw both agent 's attention . Pov : way out in the bizarre moonscape of erode rock and earth , a lone figure on a motorcycle bounce and grind , bear out of a silvery heat mirage . it 's fifty yard off but head straight for we . the heartbeat drum . reverse - ray and cooch try to make the figure out . in the badland the archaic mud-cake harley chug and stall , spit and choice , and begin a incredible drive straight up the steep side of this natural wonder . at the throttle be a impose figure . walter crow horse be a portly indian in he late- thirty with a black reservation hat wear low over a face that seem to have be cast from a bust of sitting bull . sitting bull with aviator shade . denim jacket over checker shirt . fade jeans . well break duct -tape boot . his hair be wear long in tight duel braid . the rusted bike bajas up and down slope , finally stalling out , twenty foot or so from the murder site . crow horse swing he bulk off the bike like dismount a horse . he look around suspiciously then pull a roll - up blanket from the carrier rack . leo little sky lie in death . crow horse 's boot move in stealthily , creak like saddle leather . he squat and look at the corpse ... then look around with animal alertness . he reach into the front pocket of he jacket and pull out some bull Durham tobacco . he pinch some and offer it to the four direction around the body . he then unroll the blanket , begin to move the dead man ... sense something and wheel to see cooch stand behind he , one hand behind he back where he gun must be , and the other hand hold up open wallet . the sun hit he badge . cooch good morning . crow horse hawk he eye onto a big rock , a full second before Ray step out , he .45 draw but hold at ease . crow horse slowly raise he arm as Ray move up to he , study he . cooch take ol ' Leo somewhere ? crow horse Leo 's be out here too long , man . I be take he to ceremonial burial . ray this be a restrict area . cooch check he out , Ray . Ray frisk the indian , find a old leather wallet , and then a gun . a .38 . cooch Nice piece . you come back here to cover you track , geronimo ? what 's you name ? crow horse it be not geronimo . cooch who be you ? crow horse I think maybe you guy get off the wrong exit , yeah ? this be the bear Creek indian reservation . cooch walk around to the front of crow horse , and study he . cooch I know where I be . I be on federal land , do a federal investigation , and if you do not wanna cooperate you can take a ride in a federal car , and spend the rest of the day in a little room , answer federal question . it 's you call . who be you ? crow horse I be a full blood oglala sioux , bear and raise on this reservation . cooch you be a wise - ass . Ray check he wallet . ray I do . cooch who the fuck be he ? ray -- a fuck cop . a pause . a long , dead of South dakota , badland pause . cooch turn and look at Ray who hold up the open wallet , revealing a badge . like cooch 's it shine in the sun . ray walter crow horse . tribal Police . cooch stand stare at the indian ... then take a few step over to Ray and grab the wallet . he examine it . then look at crow horse and laugh . cooch he 's a fuck cop . the indian cop have plenty of time to get up on he own but he kneel there , tauntingly , wait for Ray to help he . Ray walk over and offer a hand . crow horse take it , and pull himself up , look square into Ray 's sunglass . cooch walk over and hand the officer he wallet , and he .23 . crow horse take the item , eyeing the older agent . crow horse we get the wire ya be comin' . you be the indian official , yeah ? cooch no . no , that 's Ray , here . Ray , uh ... ( search he imagination ) Ray ... Little weasel . Ray do a take but quickly recover , meeting crow horse 's scrutinize gaze . crow horse nod to Ray , and Ray nod back in case it 's the indian thing to do . crow horse nod again . Ray nod again . crow horse Leo 's gotta get to burial , brother . he 's gotta make the journey . cooch what journey ? crow horse tell he , Ray . Ray stare at crow horse , uneasy . the wind sing through the badland . ray Leo have to take the journey , cooch . cooch we will have to give Leo a refund . because he 's gotta go to the m.e . in case you do not know , Officer , violation of the Major crime Act on -- crow horse -- a indian reservation be within the jurisdiction of the Federal Bureau of intimidation . I know that . cooch good . thank you . crow horse say something in sioux to Ray . Ray just stare . crow horse I say when can Leo be take to ceremony ? ray after we have complete we investigation . crow horse be stare at Ray . crow horse that 's a nice suit . Ray look offended . cooch put a hand on crow horse 's shoulder and walk he toward he beat - up motorcycle . cooch somebody must be do something somewhere in you jurisdiction , Officer crow Foot . crow horse you be not gonna cut he hand off and send them to washinton , be ya ? they do that to one of we girl once . Leo do quillwork , he 's gonna need he hand . crow horse turn and look at Ray . Ray be quick this time . ray Leo 's gonna need he hand , cooch . he do quillwork . cooch I think Leo 's retire from quillwork for the moment . crow horse respect the dead , hoss . because when -- cooch -- do you understand I when I say that -- crow horse ( walk away ) -- violation of the Major crime Act on a indian reservation be within the jurisdiction of the Federal Bureau of instigation . I know that . cooch Goodbye . crow horse appear to be get on he bike when suddenly he move like a cat and lay he knife to the dead man 's head . he cut away a patch of hair . cooch what the hell you do ?! crow horse his mother need a piece of he hair . it 's for the keeping of the soul ceremony . ( wrapping lock of hair ) have to be keep for four day . cooch and Ray stand there , watch crow horse mount he bike and push off down a nasty slope back through the badland . he start he motor . it die . then start again . cooch keeping of the soul . do they still burn they dead or something ? ray beat the hell outta I . Ray and cooch look off across the badland , as far out of they element as they can be . close on - the white eagle plume in the circle in the sand , flutter in the wind . the gold spit-shine Le Baron ease to a crawl , pass a old wooden sign . " leave bear creak indian reservation . " and immediately pull in front of a squat old bar with a burn out neon Miller light . dwight yoakum croon " youuuuuu - get - you Little - Ways " on the jukebox from inside . the buffalo butte bar have several crack and sun-bleach buffalo skull hang off the edge of its flat roof and big fade white letter paint across the front read : " no Indians allow . " ( this sign actually exist today in the res-line border town of Scenic , South dakota ) . the car pull up beside a pick - up and park . Ray and cooch step out , careful to walk wide around a pitbull in the bed of the truck . a white local walk out of the bar and look askance at the suit . as the two fed approach the bar , cooch look up at the warning sign . Ray see it too . cooch sorry , Ray . you be gonna have to wait in the car . I will bring you out a cheeseburger . the young agent smile , amused , start to enter the bar but -- voice ( o.s. ) hey ! Ray spin quickly , paranoid about enter . but the man call to they be -- a indian himself . tribal president oliver clear moon , a small man in he late fifty who peer out at the agent through fat bifocal . he wear a straw cowboy hat , red windbreaker and he hair be cut short , or " bobtail " as the Indians say . clear Moon be walk away from a park pick - up truck , toward the white man , eyeing the two with deep curiosity . clear moon ( heavy indian accent ) you make it . be -te . cooch discreetly peek into a folder as he walk toward the man cooch you must be ... President clear bone . clear moon clear moon. ( point to the sky ) Moon . you must be the sioux . he be point he long , skinny finger at cooch . cooch no. that 's Ray here . Ray ... ray ( quickly ) Ray levoi , sir. pleasure . clear Moon behold the young agent with hopeful eye , a smile break across he flaccid brown skin . he take Ray 's hand in a respectful double - clutch and grip he tightly ... almost desperately . clear moon it 's about time they send we one of we own . be -te . he keep pump Ray 's hand , look into he face with great admiration . cooch look on with amusement . clear moon thing be no good here . it be like war zone . we need a official who understand what be good for the indian people . who know indian way . clear Moon have not release Ray 's arm as he lead they to a string of seedy motel unit across the street . ray I think we be stay on the reservation . clear moon yes . room thirteen and fourteen be on indian land . ray I see . clear moon be you hungry ? I have some nice raw kidney in the truck . ray oh , I be set , sir. I be set . cooch he 's starve , Mr. clear Moon . get he some raw kidney . he have not have any indian food in day ... and clear Moon guide they through the front door of room 13 . Ray look over he shoulder threateningly at cooch who wink and pat he back . ext . reservation line - night a lone headlight appear out of the black . heartbeat drum . but faster . relentless . a " re " car , a dent , rusted , peel old station wagon , drive slowly toward the reservation . then suddenly , someone step in front of the car . a big man in cowboy boot and blue jeans . int . motel - room 13 - night Ray lie in bed . awake . he be hang off the bed with a file open on the floor and use the moon to light photo and memorandum . and then he hear laughter outside . and glass break . he get out of bed quickly , snatching up he pants , put they on , and go to the window . Pov - out window : several local out in front of the bar help a middle - age indian man out of the station wagon . white local where you goin ' ? back to the re ? a young local bend down behind the indian while another shove he , send he trip over the bent man and onto he back in the dirt . white local what ya doin ' ? you drunk ? more local come out from the bar , beer and drink and interested in what 's go on . reverse - ray at the window , observe . cooch enter from the connect room , puffy - eye but quickly buttone he shirt . he share Ray 's view . cooch let 's take a walk . Ray be transfix . ext . BUFFALO butte bar - night the indian man , be push into a stumble , and catch by another white man as a little game of catch take place . cooch , step into the circle , shirt half unbuttone , hair a mess , look on . then step in front of a big local and catch the indian as he come stumbling . he hold onto he , look at the face that turn he way . Ray step up beside he , look tense . cooch what 's goin ' on here ? ( a beat ) I can not walk across the goddamn street without some breed - ass fallin ' all over I ? and then cooch shove the indian with all he might back across the road . the local resume they fun , and cooch look at a local man and share a chatter laugh that make Ray do a serious take . cooch watch out now , he want a kiss , Ray , want a kiss -- the indian end up stumbling back toward Ray , and Ray catch he this time . the man maintain a perfect vacant expression and keep act as though nothing of the sort be happen . but he be dizzy , and exhaust , and Ray keep he from fall . cooch look at Ray . they eye meet . Ray shove the man forward . this time , instead of catch he , the local on the receive end , haul off and punch he in the face . the indian drop . cooch run in , grab the indian under the arm and drag he back to he car . cooch go ahead , skin , get you ass back on you sacred land . get outta here . he shove he behind the wheel as the local crowd around . they do not see cooch throw the wheel stick in drive , and lean into the man 's ear . cooch get outta here . drive . cooch slam the door , and kick it , and the vehicle lurch forward . a beer can clank off the rear window , and roll clanking into the middle of the road . Ray stand there with the local as they all watch the car drive off across the reservation line . cooch , belly stick out of he unbuttone shirt , and a breathless smile on he face , head to the bar without break stride . this man have do " underground " before . int . BUFFALO butte bar - night - short time later cooch and Ray sit in a booth with dennis vaughn , a strapping local man , ranch - raise , and gentlemanly . in fact , downright likeable . dennis so what type of salesmen be you gentleman anyway ? ray liquor . we hear they like they drink on the reservation , and we be gonna see if we could not unload some surplus on the way to nebraska . cooch now keep that between we , Dennis , cuz I do not know what kinda johnny Law they get here . dennis hey , brook , come over here . I want you to meet a coupla fella from Denver . brooks , a small , older man with a feed store cap and a clean cowboy shirt , come over with a beer and a pensive look on he face . he pull up a chair and position himself at the end of the booth . dennis liquor salesmen . be nice to they , maybe they will give you a sample of some of that gin you like . ( to Ray ) he like that Russian shit that -- brooks they be not liquor salesmen . they're FBI . cooch and Ray do not flinch . Dennis do . he look between the two , cautiously . cooch brook , what 's a perceptive fellow like you , do in a joint like this ? let I buy you a glass of some of that Russian shit you like . dennis FBI ? what you investigatin' ? cooch a murder . on the reservation . dennis again . figure , man . brooks you will never find out who do it . cooch you underestimate I , brook . brooks no . you underestimate this grass nigger . they be kill each other . that 's all they do . get drunk and kill each other . then cover for each other . who give a damn really as long as they stay on they reservation . you ask I , the government should not care one particle . dennis you know how in you big city , you get you nigger and you get you Puerto rican ? well out here we get Indians . that 's just the way it be . cooch the only good indian be a dead indian , do that old adage still hold true out here ? cooch laugh good - naturedly . Ray smile . but brook look offended . brooks that set - to you see out front , be nothin ' more than a message we be sendin ' to the sonsabitch that be divertin ' water from the river . dennis we get rights . we get a ranch just up here . Ray catch this . glance a look off cooch who work on a cold draught beer . ray do any of you gentleman know Leo fast elk ? both man shake they head . get quiet . brooks you fella be here to investigate a indian crime , you should keep to indian land , and talk to they , not we . but you wanna drink here and shoot stick here , that 's you right , and we respect that . ( to Dennis ) come on , Son , we be up on the table . dennis you fella wanna play double ? cooch shake he head , distract , and the two local leave , enroute for the pool table . Ray watch they go , curious . ext . BUFFALO butte bar - night Ray and cooch , cross the street back to the motel . it be black and chillingly still . ray Water . Worth kill for out here , I would think . cooch get the plate number off everyone of this car . ray I already do . cooch look at Ray , impressed . ray could not sleep . cooch good . they stop in front of they room and cooch pull a small tape recorder from he waistband . a micro-cassette recorder that he examine in the dim door light . recorder ( local ) -- out here we get we Indians . and that 's the way it be . cooch shut it off . cooch by the time you get to the main village , sun will be up . I want you to fraternize . socialize . penetrate . infiltrate . eat some raw kidney , and get this Indians talk . I be gonna powwow with Big Chief clear Moon and find out more about Leo . he hand Ray the recorder . ray done . cooch start for he room but in a long , exaggerated country step as he break into the hank william tune that have all but drive he insane inside the joint . Ray watch he go , and crack a laugh . int . le baron - traveling - sunrise ray' at the wheel , look intense as he study the vast expanse of slope and rock formation and the rise sphere of flame that light the road in strange color . he be read a name list that he trap against the wheel . ray hobert stand -buffalo- that -walk - dreamer . ( a dry run ) hello , I be look for hobert stand - buffalo - that -walk ... dreamer . Ray pull up a long dirt drive and park . ext . old trailer - across from badland '' sunrise Ray walk to the front door of a war-torn trailer that be halfway swallow by weed and plant . it be static out here . Dead still . Ray approach the front door . there be a huge hole in it . he knock above the hole . after a moment , the door open a crack . a dark , weather - beat face barely show . ray good morning . I be look for hobert - buffalo - dream ... ( cheat sheet ) hobert stand -buffalo - that - walk -- the door close . lock . ray -- dreamer . Ray stand there for a moment then lower himself to look through the huge hole in the door . ray Sir ? a tatter chair be push against the door , cover the hole . Ray stand up , turn on the step . and before he can let out a flustered sigh , he spot something across the dirt road . something that make he remove he shade , look again . whatever it be , it do not make he happy , and he be hurry across the road . ext . badland - day a motorcycle , park between the road and the badland . we have see the ancient bike before . Ray walk past it , look at it . he push he shade up on the bridge of he nose and look down into the moonscape . walter crow horse be down there , on he haunch , " feel tracking " , lay he finger inside track and read they . he do not even look up at the sound of the FBI agent 's footstep . crow horse Ray Little weasel . FBI . I like the way ya sneak up on I . must be indian . the wind whistle and moan through the badland as crow horse continue feel tracking . ray what be you -- crow horse watch out ! Ray draw back . ray what ?! crow horse you be steppin ' on sign . crow horse lower he face to the ground and blow some scattered dust out of a print . lightly lay he finger inside ray hey. ( ignore ) hey , you , listen up -- crow horse -- Leo be not kill here . he be dumped here . out of a vehicle . bald tread . muffler hold on with baling wire . crow horse check out another track . crow horse the man you want ... step outta the car , drag Leo out , laid he down . then walk over here and make a circle in the earth with a stick . I can not find the stick . he stick a eagle plume in the circle , get back in he car , dustin ' he own print with a pine bough for about six foot , but he miss a print , right here , see . he get in he car and go Hell - bent-for-holy - Sunday outta here . he ditch that pine bough three mile across the flat , in the Little bear River , it float down to thundershield gap . the car hit paved road , and be outta here . crow horse rise , point down the road . crow horse the killin ' be do where Leo 's mother life . but he be drive here into this badland . Ray be frown at the big indian , try to get a fix on this crow horse Big sonuvabuck . base on the depth of that print , pressure release ... I would say he go two - ten , two - fifteen -- ray bullshit . crow horse -- well , maybe two -seventeen . ray you be try to tell I you can read all that from a track ? crow horse no . not just a track . you gotta listen to the tree , man . to the leave . to this sand , you FBI 's kick all up . you gotta listen to the earth . ray be that right ? well , listen to this : drag you ass . this be a restrict area . crow horse no , this be the home of the oglala sioux and I want the dog-fucker who kill Leo . whether you get he or I get he , I just want he . shit 's be goin ' on too long . ray you have get no jurisdiction . crow horse you get no know -how . about indian Way . or about Jack shit for that matter . ray maybe you be not aware of this , crow horse , but I just fly in from a place call the twentieth century where we have such thing as electrostatic tracking method , psycholingusitics , DNA fingerprint ; I do not have to crawl around with the scorpion and talk to the fuck tree to get answer . Leo be kill right here . crow horse go back to the m.e. , take a look inside Leo 's exit wound and tell I how chicken feed get in there . trust I , there be not chicken in the badland . his mother 's place be -- ray -- he mother never live here . she be from up in North dakota . crow horse I be talkin ' he spiritual mother . maisy Blue leg . ray his spiritual mother ... crow horse to we Indians , we spiritual relative be as close as family . I have get seven mother on this reservation . sister . Brothers . you be not one of they . ray thank God . now listen to I , asshole . I be give you a break . but if my partner find out you be here , you be gonna be read rat track in sioux Falls maximum Security . crow horse easy . easy ... I be goin' . crow horse walk back up toward the road . Ray let he leave then crouch where crow horse be , begin look at track . crow horse ( o.s. ) hey , Little weasel . Ray turn , and see crow horse perch on a high bank -- the one Ray come down -- and he 's in a tracking stance . crow horse you weigh one sixty - three , yeah ? not a beer drinker . you be one of this tofu and pilaf character . pack you gun , under you coat -- leave shoulder . but you get backup ; a little .32 , .38 maybe , in a ankle holster that give you a right foot drag , shoe be too tight at the toe but , man , they look cool . and that 's what count . Ray just stand freeze , blow away . crow horse rise , dusting off he hand , and head to he vehicle . ray crow horse . the indian turn . the wind moan . Ray scrutinize he , deliberate . ray fuck you . crow horse grin and wave , and amble away . down in the badland Ray stand , sweat under he suit jacket , and not sure if he 's amaze or piss off . ext maisy blue legs house '' black tail district - day a trailer sit off from the river in beat solitude . there be two junked car and one burn black . wind blow across deep bald tire track . Ray walk slowly beside they , surveying , follow they to a place where they become pucker and skid next to a dilapidate outhouse . there be a shotgun blast in the side of it . Ray study it , enter the outhouse . exit , and walk the rutte gumbo earth to where it meet roll hill of golden grass . he stand here , mesmerize . chicken scratch around in the dirt . like so many far- off re homestead , this be a haunt place . make more so by a persistent squeaking , a rusty , metallic squeal come from -- a water pump across the yard , where maisy blue legs , a sioux elder , work the handle . she wear thick bifocal and keep she hair under a bandanna . no water come forth from the pump , and she try again and again until she break a sweat . and then she see the waal 'cu stand out there . urgently , she turn and start back to she trailer with a empty coffee can . Ray start after she . ray Mrs ... Blue leg ? can I ask you a few question -- maisy ( 1 / 3 re speed ) -- go away . leave we alone ... ray ma'am , please -- she mount the metal step . Ray be lose she . he get a foot on the bottom step , and attempt something he do not want to do . ray Mrs. Blue legs. I be indian . halfway through the screendoor , maisy turn and look at the young man in suit and shade . ray I be sioux . maisy lower she bifocal , study he . then walk in , slap the door shut , and lock it . a towel hang as a shade fold down . Ray linger at the bottom of the step . ray yeah , right . and he walk around the side of the trailer , look at the ground . in the gape space between the trailer block , and the grass , there be much junk store , and Ray kneel to look . he be draw to a pair of cowboy boot , cake with dry mud . he pick up a boot , look at the sole , then touch the mud . his finger break through the harden crust and come back moist and blue . he look at this sniff it . there be a tense , water - torture like tempo come from the old pump where water barely drip onto a hub cap in the dirt . Ray set the boot down . go to grab the other boot and -- a western diamond back rattler coil out from the shade of the boot , rattling and hissing from white mouth and three - inch fang , and Ray have do a backflip and roll , slapping he shoulder holster and pull lead and blam ! blaaam ! he unload two , and the reptile be so dead , there 's not even enough snake leave to make a truck - stop key chain . he kneel there , flushed in the face , hold he breath and double-clutch he gun . the shot echo through the badland like the aftermath of dynamite . from inside the trailer , he can hear crying . a low moan . pray softly . ray shit. Mrs. Blue leg ! it 's okay ! then he radio crack in . radio ( cooch ) x21 , give I a 20 . ray ( yell ) Black tail District , x22 . you ready for this ? Leo be not kill in the badland . I ... I find the location . cooch maisy Blue leg place ? ray how would you know ? cooch I get one up on ya . ray go ahead . cooch I have get the doer . I know who he be . Ray look relieved . cooch meet I at base . over . ray cooch . you be my hero . Ray look down at the dead snake , still rush from it , and he hurry out of there . in the shade of the trailer the snake 's rattle move spasmodically , still kick with reflex . ext . look twice house - bear creek res - night close on a american flag , flap in the hot night wind . but something be wrong about the image . the flag be hang upside light by -- a full moon that also illuminate a overgrown field that front a small , one - level house where the flag hang . Three old car decorate the front yard . a bust screendoor creak in the wind , and somewhere off in the hill , a dog bark away he boredom . cooch ( o.s. ) Jimmy look twice . int . le baron sa couture and sa levoi sit inside the car , stake out this little place far down a dirt road on the outskirt of the settlement . cooch have the suspect 's file on he knee . ray who be he ? cooch one of the leader of the Warrior of all Red Nations . militant organization . he hand a open file over to Ray . close on - file photo : a raging fire and six long -haire , fist-raising Indians , yell at the camera . cooch ( o.s. ) the progressive Indians do not like they because they want everybody to go back to the old indian way , and the old way Indians do not like they because they use violence to get attention . ray shuffle to photo 2 -- a big indian in a wheel chair , hold a rifle . he be shirtless under a vest and on he muscular right shoulder there be a clearly define tattoo of a circle with a eagle feather through it . photo 3 -- a Close up of the tattoo . photo 4 -- a propaganda flyer with the letter w.a.r.n. and the same symbol -- perfect circle , pierce by a white eagle feather . ray White eagle feather through the circle . that 's they symbol . cooch that 's right . Ray shuffles through more of the same with great interest . ray they obviously want it to be know that they offed Leo . some kind of statement . cooch Jimmy look twice put Leo 's head through a glass door of the tribal office three month ago . and threaten he several time since . President clear Moon and the regional FBI feel he make good on that threat . cooch take a long , tight breath then turn around in he seat , come up with a m - 16 . Ray lift one of he own . he look out the car window . ray I would just like five minute alone with the motherfucker who hang that flag upside down . cooch easy , cowboy . no vendettas on my ship . now : remember what I tell you about nam ? watch the grass , watch the tree , watch the shit house , be on you toe , and if we get commit , do not hesitate to empty that sucker . ray alright . alright . cooch whacks a top clip into the m - 16 . Ray slam a clip in he . cooch it 's show time . car door open in skillful silence . look twice house - closer - night and Ray maneuver toward the house , rifle ready . cooch get under the picture window , sneak a look . nothing . he follow Ray around the side . Pov : off in a backfield , light by a hot fire , a small round hut cover in patchwork quilt , canvas and buffalo hide . a strange mist float around it , and from inside , voice be hear -- a drumming and chanting in lakota . and eagle sound . dozen of shrill whistle . be there bird inside this thing ? reverse - ray and cooch , kneel in the weed , look dumbfounded . and more than a little unnerve . ray ( whisper ) what the hell be that ? near the inipi lodge a indian youth door tender with shoulder length hair fall over a T-shirt , step out of the dark and walk to the fire . he prod it with a break pitch fork . he turn to get some more wood and walk right into a m - 16 , train chest level . Ray stare he down . ray on the ground . the boy drop boot camp fast . cooch move up on the sweat lodge , look quizzically at it , try to figure out how to open it . he grab a canvas flap at the front and after a moment 's hesitation and a look at Ray , he tear the flap away . a blast of 200 degree steam explode forth and cooch dance back , throw up he rifle . voice ( o.s. ) ( inside lodge ) mitakue oyasin ! grandpa SAMUEL reach , a rail - thin sioux elder , appear through the steam like a vision . bent in the tiny doorway , he search out the interruption . cooch aim the m - 16 at the old man . cooch this be the FBI ! come on out of there nice and slow . let 's move it ! hand on you head ! grandpa reaches crawl out first , ignore the " hand on you head " order from cooch . his eye move back and forth between the two agent . five more indian , from 16 - 45 come out , look confuse . cooch make the towel - wrap man spread out in a line . the old man be speak to the other in lakota , and Ray step up to he , cut he off . ray hand on you head , sir. come on , come on ... the archaic figure just look through he . start to walk away . Ray take he thin arm . he lock eye with the old man . slowly , he obey , raise he hand and lay they on he head . from the lodge , the last man emerge . it 's crazy horse reborn out of the burn sage . jimmy look twice be in he mid - thirty -- big , well over two -hundre pound . but lean . his braid fall nearly to he hip . his face be handsome but at the moment , twisted in a full - blood 's scowl . look twice ( outrage ) what be you do ? cooch James look twice ? look twice that 's right . what be you do here ? this be a religious ceremony you be desecrate . look twice shoot hawk - like black eye onto Ray . ray we be FBI , James . we just need to ask you a few question . look twice we be in the middle of a sweat lodge ceremony . do you drag people out of you church when they be in the middle of prayer ? cooch let 's take a walk , Jimmy . come on . cooch take a careful step behind Jimmy and cuff he . look twice speak to the other in lakota , and they disband , head to a shade arbor where they clothes hang . as cooch start march look twice toward the house , Ray keep a eye on the depart . one of they stop halfway to the fence and turn . grandpa reaches look at Ray with eye that have see one hundred and one hard year in indian country . ray go ahead . you can all go home . and he follow cooch and the cuffed Jimmy to the house . cooch we just wanna take a look around you place , Jimmy . we be not here to bust you ball . at the back of the house cooch lead the half - naked suspect to the backdoor . cooch show : a warrant , try the door but it be lock . look twice what 's this about ? cooch you good friend Leo fast elk . look twice you think I kill he ? cuz he be a apple ? well , let I tell you something about Leo , man -- cooch -- do not " man " I , Jimmy . where 's the key ? Jimmy do not answer . he glare with hatred into cooch 's eye . cooch Ray , use the federal master key . Ray step up , get ready to throw a frontkick at the door . look twice no . do not do that . do not deface the property , man . the key 's in there . with he hand cuffed , he can only jerk he head toward a big hole in the wall down near the foundation . cooch quickly drop to a knee and check out the hole . look twice Inside ... in the coffee can . cooch reach in , probe . cooch there 's no coffee can in -- something horrifying happen so fast , cooch have no time to react . whatever have take he arm have do so with such force , he body jolt like he 's touch raw voltage . the South dakota badger rip through he leather jacket -- we get a glimpse of its stripe face and yellow tooth -- through he shirt . through flesh , and deeper , growling insanely while cooch hollers in shock try to pull free and -- Jimmy look twice spin from the porch with a skillfully execute back kick , knock Ray off the step and to the ground . the indian bolt like a deer into the darkness . Ray roll in the grass , throw he m - 16 up . he hesitates . but only for a moment before firing and decimate the corner gutter , a junked car , several tree . but no sign of Jimmy . cooch fall back in the grass badly maul . his arm have be rip open down to the bone . cooch Jesus ... Jesus ... Ray start toward cooch . cooch get he ... Ray take off , crash through weed , into a stream , wading through mud . he throw he flashlight leave and right . he cross the river , shine the light in a field of wild sage . nothing . he run like a sprinter , look everywhere . but as he enter a -- OPEN field all he find be Jimmy 's towel . he pick it up and look around the area , breathe heavily . and then suddenly , something leap up out of the grass . Ray swing he m - 16 up , ready to blast . but it be a deer , take off into a mystical blue night . the drum . beating fast . heavy . turtleshell rattle . eagle bone whistle . in the yard cooch trap he bleed arm between he knee to stanch the blood . he speak quietly but firm into he radio , try to stay in control . cooch ( into radio ) assault on federal officer . suspect have leave the area . one officer down . issue a fugitive alert immediately . over . radio have the officer be shot , X - 22 ? cooch no , the officer 's be bitten by a fuck badger , okay ? get a fugitive alert fuck now ! over . ext . bear creek reservation - landscape - sunrise a mind -blow aurora . live cloud . the incredible mesa . pulling back slowly to the dirt road where a line of federal aerial high , enter indian country . heartbeat drum . but a fast heartbeat . a relentless pulse throughout -- a FBI saturation search four agent surround a little tar - paper shack , rifle up and ready . two go in , and flush out a old woman , a old man , and some ten child . dog . a SMALL trailer that have thirty junked car in its yard and serve as a reservation part store be crawl with federal marshal ; car door be be open , trunk . tracking dog run through the car . warpath drum ... -- a bell uh 1 - B " huey " helicopter chutter low over the grassland , over the badland , flatten wheat . it swing down over the main settlement . child gather in the street to look up at it but then run when -- -- six federal car come down the main road . they pass by -- -- the front porch of the trading post where Ray stand , talk to the elder . a few of the same from earlier but several new one . he be sweat - drench , and have shed he jacket and tie . he be show they photo of Jimmy but get no response . and then , for a little iodine on top of that , a motorcycle engine , spitting and choke and cough come around the corner , walter crow horse , man the handlebar . he pull up to Ray and just look at he . drum fade . crow horse you be a easy man to track , Ray . ya walk like a penguin with a hard - on . ray be that right ? what be the tree say today ? crow horse they be sayin ' that nobody 's gonna talk to you cuz they do not give away one of they own . but they do say there 's somebody way across the Little walk River who want to talk to you . Ray soak sweat off he forehead as he eye the indian on this one . he see himself in the polaroid shade . crow horse he send I to find ya . he say he 's get information . ray let 's go . Ray quickly leave the porch . ext . grandpa SAM reach trailer - outside settlement - day Silent . the unnerve silence of the great Plains fill only by fly , big horsefly , buzzing around drying sage that hang from the rafter of a shade arbor . a goat stand under it , just gaze across -- the vast spread of grass and dry land where a ancient airstream trailer sit lop-side . sheet be hang as curtain . six old car -- two from the early 50 'a -- sit stripped to the hub on block in the overgrown grass . the air be dry and heavy and the only sound be -- fly . Ray swat at they as he step over a truck seat that lie in the grass , stuff and spring hang out . crow horse walk . a few step ahead , toward the trailer . crow horse ( with reverence ) grandpa Samuel reaches . heavy duty medicine . ray Medicine . as in medicine man ? crow horse nod slowly , look at Ray in a very serious manner ray why do he wanna see I ? crow horse good question . hardly see anybody anymore . have not leave this place in twenty year . do you bring some tobacco ? crow horse stop walk , make Ray do the same . crow horse when you go see a elder , you always bring some tobacco as a gift . Ray reach into he shirt pocket and fish out a pack of marlboro . crow horse glance at it , and shrug -nod . they continue on toward the trailer . int . grandpa reach trailer grandpa Samuel reaches sit in a tape and tuckere easy chair , he alert black eye move from side to side . we recognize he from the sweat lodge ceremony at look twice ' although today he wear a straw cowboy hat give he a more youthful look despite a face like a map of the badland . he wear a vest over a western shirt , baggy work slack , old cowboy boot . his brown wrinkle hand run over the top of the marlboro pack as if he 's read braille . crow horse sit across from he on a stool . Ray lean on one of the plain green wall , look uncomfortable . a three foot adhesive fly strip hang from the ceiling , thick with dead one . there be a black and white tv with sesame Street wail , honk and guffaw through static . grandpa fix he eye on Ray for only split second at a time but one get the feel he 's do a incredibly deep read of the young man . slowly , he sit up -- focus intensely on Ray . he begin to speak . a hoarse , strain , string of lakota , speak like it use to be , gesture toward Ray . when he finish , he sit back in he chair . Ray look intrigue . ray what do he say ? crow horse he want to know if you ever watch the Cookie monster . he say the Cookie monster be not to be trust -- a trickster . Ray look puzzle . crow horse laugh bull - wild as grandpa take up a fly swatter and take out a big horsefly . the old man begin speak indian again . crow horse he say there 's something wrong with Big Bird -- he 's crazy , ( stop laugh ) he say you stop the inipi ceremony last night ...? crow horse turn a question look at Ray . Ray do not flinch . crow horse but he be not unhappy with you because he know you . ray he know I ? crow horse he say he see you in a vision some time ago . crow horse stop translate suddenly even though the old man continue speak . crow horse look concerned , and asks a question in lakota . we do not know what he 's ask but the tone be absolute amazement . this question triggers a exchange between he and grandpa , the old one get angry . grandpa win . crow horse I guess he have this vision some time ago , in the Moon of the pop tree -- uh , back in the winter . he say you come from wasi'cu city in the East but that you people ... way back ... be of the minniconjou sioux . but you yourself do not know that . Ray 's brow be draw tense as he stare at the old indian , absorb the translation . grandpa speak more fervently now , incorporate indian sign . each time grandpa do the hard sioux hand slap , Ray blink . crow horse he say he know you would be come to bear Creek . he be tell . it be the will of Tunkasilia -- the grandfather that you come here . he say let 's smoke the caanunpa the sacred pipe , symbol of truth . so that there will be no lie between we . the old man have take a long wooden stem and a red stone bowl from a bead pipe bag . he join the two together then begin offer a pinch of tobacco to the four direction . while this go on , Ray fidget . ray what 's he smoke in that ? crow horse Sacred herb . tobacco . do not worry , we do not smoke no mexican agriculture in the pipe . that 's a white man 's myth . this be a sacrament . the old man be offer the pipe to Ray . grandpa mltaku oyasin . Ray look at grandpa . the old man offer the pipe again . crow horse you do not smoke with he , it mean you be hide something . Ray take the pipe , look at it ... then pass it to crow horse . the big indian take it from Ray , give he a long eye , then offer the pipe to the direction before smoking . crow horse puff hard , eye close , then slowly release some smoke upward . Ray watch it climb and fade . the old man then take up a old turtle shell rattle . he speak . crow horse he say wakan . Sacred . five hundred year old turtleshell rattle , pass down from the grandfather . heavy duty . he shake the rattle very slightly , move it in front of Ray . he speak just above a whisper . crow horse he say , it be good . the spirit be here . the spirit want to know what you be do here ? Ray smirk . ray tell he I be try to find the man who murder Leo fast elk . ask he if he know where he be . crow horse ask the old man in lakota . no answer . the pipe be back to grandpa , and he offer it to the direction , to the Earth then upward before smoking himself . he begin to speak again . passionately . in long glottal sioux sentence , add sign , finger crossing , brush a arm , a slap here and there , he be work himself into a excited state , and Ray keep look at crow horse , very interested in the old man 's answer . finally grandpa 's breath come up short and wheeze , he end he oratory with a solid hand slap . ray what do he say ? crow horse he say he do not know . ray he just do the gettysburg address in sioux . what do he say ? crow horse ignore he . grandpa speak again . more hand language . the old man be stare at Ray while whisper to crow horse . he stroke he badger claw necklace . crow horse look at Ray and seem hesitant to translate this new piece of information . crow horse uh ... grandpa like to trade ; no one stop by here without gettin ' stick in the old indian barter . he , uh ... he like you shade . grandpa smile toothlessly . Ray who have he drive glass in hand , lift they to say " this ? " but grandpa see it as a accept deal , and swiftly remove he necklace . he hold it out . Ray slowly , hesitantly surrender he sunglass , and take the necklace . crow horse burst into laughter and so do grandpa , enjoy a good trade . he draw a hand through the air in a sort of horizontal karate chop , meaning do deal . Ray look confuse . out of he element . and out of he shade . another fly get snag on sticky tape . ext . grandpa reach trailer crow horse be hurry toward he bike , Ray with he . ray what be he say ? crow horse why should I tell you . ray because he be talk to I . crow horse keep walk . ray do he know something ? crow horse stop walk and eye Ray , deliberate . crow horse the old man see a owl . over there in the dry wash . last week . ray and ... crow horse he see a owl . a silent moment . Ray try to figure out what he 's miss here . ray so what ? crow horse the owl be a messenger . when one show itself to a sioux ... it mean someone 's gonna die . the owl tell he about Leo . Ray stare vacantly . ray the owl tell he about Leo . that 's incredible . I guess we just break the back of this investigation , do not we ? evidence do not get any harder than that -- not for my money . be there anyway we can seduce this owl into Federal Court ? crow horse he also say " listen to the water . " ray listen to the water . listen to the owl . he also say , do not trust the fuck Cookie monster . crow horse go back to you DNA finger- printin ' . crow horse kick start he bike and burn off down the drive Ray feel the presence of the old man , stand behind the bust screen door . just watch . over this , a scream . a high - pitched , chilling , scream that take we straight into -- slack tail powwow ground - res - later close on a terrifying face -- paint in blaze red and yellow , black around the eye . a ridge of feather high along the hairline , and a mouth open , tongue trill -- scream . a wacipi be go down . a powow . held in the center of a huge arbor . this dancer , a traditional kit Fox dancer , be dress in authentic costume and be dance with ten other dress in various traditional garb and paint . under the arbor , two hundre indian in modern clothing sit on blanket or in lawn chair , watch the dance . a group of singers sit around a big drum , beat on it , and wail the song that keep the dancer hopping . sixty car ( re beater ) be park off around the arbor , less interested kid sit on they , smoking cigarettes . a few actually have MTV hair-cuts . drifting through the car and people be special Agents couture , mile , sherman and levoi . they stroll through , incongruously , check out face . vehicle . Ray slow he step and take in -- the powwow circle as the dance end . weak applause . the powwow caller , a big sioux with a crew - cut and cowboy shirt , speak through a scratchy p.a. system . caller was-te yelo ! let 's have five more veteran . five more veteran . hoka hey ! a old- indian man sit in a lawn chair , remove he cowboy hat and reach down toward a blanket . he bring up he vfw hat , adorn with medal and put it on . slowly , he rise , and shuffles out to the center pole along with -- four other veteran who have exchange cowboy hat for veteran 's cap . there be even a traditional dancer in there , wear a veteran cap . as a mournful war song be bang out by the singer , a flag be unroll by the veteran . a american flag . unrolled , and set on the mast . and together , all five indian man , hoist -- the american flag high . slowly it climb . proudly . it blow in the hot South dakota wind . outside the arbor Ray stand , watch this . and then the song end . a loud , angry voice break across the p.a . at the crow' nest ( caller' booth ) anderson chasing hawk , a young indian in ribbon shirt and long hair have take possession of the microphone . six w.a.r.n. member stand behind he . he speak loud , firm , with the sharp gesture of a old way Chief . chasing hawk what be that that you honor there , uncle ? after all the wasi'cu country have do to you , after all he still do to you , you honor that flag ?! that flag have be desecrate by the United States , because they have not honore what that flag represent ! the veteran just stand under the flag , solemn , look at Chasing Hawk . the flag undulate soundlessly . chasing hawk ( o.s. ) to they , we be the Bank of America . whenever they get into a little difficulty , they go to the Bank , withdraw a little land , withdraw a little oil -- outside the arbor the four FBI agent stand , watch . mile okay . here we go . cooch who 's this guy ? sherman Anderson Chasing Hawk . second in command behind Jimmy . at the crow' nest Chasing Hawk hand the mic over to another warrior . maggie eagle bear would be the most beautiful woman Ray have even see if she be not the meanest - look . her thick black hair fall over a denim jacket down below she horse-hair belt . her fade jeans be stuff into wear cowboy boot . and she be full of fire . she begin speak in lakota . fluently . and with hand sign , like the old man . outside the arbor the agent stand . cooch be write into a small notebook . sherman magedelana Eagle bear . Eagle 's claw and a bear 's ball . mile she keep a ar - 15 assault rifle in she truck . and she will use it . as Ray watch she , someone approach in a less hostile manner . it be President clear Moon , look very upset . he hold the hand of a little girl , dress in traditional dance garb . he approach Ray . ray Mr. clear moon. clear moon we police be afraid of they . please get they out of here . clear Moon gesture for the little girl to run off . he lean in close to Ray . clear moon they be go to kill I next . that 's what I hear . this new Indians be destroy everything . we people be a quiet people . ray they can lead we to Jimmy . just let they go . we be tightening the net on he . we know he 's on the reservation . clear Moon be look past Ray at the Warrior . they be approach the agent , and clear Moon look at Ray with great concern . clear moon help we . and he slowly retreat to he lawn chair under the arbor . Chasing Hawk , maggie and the other Warrior strut up to the agent . all but one who be bound to a wheelchair . we have see richard yellow bird , the big cheyenne who wear a Red power baseball cap , a earring , and thick bifocal -- in one of the file photo . his arm be plaster with tattoo . agent sherman where 's Jimmy ? we think he would be dance today . the warrior make a show of not acknowledge the FBI presence . they have walk over here just to walk by they . that be there statement . but yellow Bird stop cranking the wheel of he chair and stop : long enough to look up at Ray . yellow bird be you the Washington redskin ? even the agent crack grin at this bit of indian wit . all but Ray who just stand there , arm fold across he chest , consider the crippled activist . agent mile say hello to Richard yellow Bird , Ray . yellow Bird sit there , stare up at he through thick glass but then maggie Eagle bear take the handle of yellow Bird 's wheel chair . she look at Ray with eye that be choke - cherry black , eye that look right through he . he return the glare . and then she push yellowbird forward and leave the fed alone . Ray turn to cooch who be lighting a cigarette , and concentrate on the movement of this group as they wander under the arbor , visit people . lakota singers start up . cooch Ray , get to Jimmy 's place and keep it tight . I be gonna get a tail on he Warrior . in the powwow CENTER the under ten year - old " fancy dance " -- twenty -five indian child , whirling and stomping and dance . jimmy look twice house - night the batter old house sit under a full moon . the upside down flag move slightly in the cross wind . across the road several junked car . among they a black , rusted out vw van with a smashed windshield . a pack of res dog sniff at its tire . int . jimmy van in the dim light , a boot . a black cowboy boot . up on the dash . bluejean . T-shirt . second hand leather . and a black cowboy hat . Ray be stake out Jimmy 's house . across the passenger seat and console be a m - 16 rifle . on he belt , a .357 Red Hawk . he yawn . from outside , he hear a sound . Pov : down below the van , a small , patchy res dog with a miss leg be look up at he with he tongue long and salivate . ray break off a piece of sandwich and drop it down to he just as -- headlight catch he face . he slide down low , watch a old pick - up truck creak onto the dirt road , lead to Jimmy 's . Pov : the truck park . someone jump out , gracefully . indian . Long braid . Quick step . Front door . Inside . ray lift he radio . ray x22 . read . radio go ahead , Ray . ray I have a pick - up truck . no plate . subject -- indian -- enter suspect 's house . over . radio okay , Ray . I be come in . if he start to leave the area , move in . and hold he . over . Ray set he radio down , unclip the leather guard on he handgun . pick up the Big Mac . ext . look twice house - night the front door creak open , and the subject dash back out . in the dark we cannot latch onto feature . suddenly the junker van come alive , gun onto the dirt road , racing toward the run indian who get the door of the truck open but freeze in the van 's highbeam as -- Ray leap out , m - 16 in hand . ray FBI , freeze , motherfucker -- drop it , drop it ! Ray maneuver in quantico fashion , keep the rifle on the indian 's back . the indian drop what he 's hold . and turn around . it 's not a he . we have see she before . at the powwow . maggie Eagle bear . her hair be pull back tight , braid . Ray move in toward she , surprised at first , but still cautious ray turn around , put you hand on the roof of the truck . she do what he tell she . as Ray move in on she , he notice a indian child sit in the passenger seat , look out into the highbeam , frighten . Ray toe maggie 's leg out wider , frisk she one -hande , pat down she boot . maggie you be the indian FBI . ray that 's right . turn around . maggie turn around , look Ray in the eye . he look self - conscious in the cowboy hat . maggie the people be glad they send you . they usually send in guy who come at ya with highbeam , screamin ' " drop it , motherfucker " , stick a gun in you face , frisk ya down . even if ya get a child with ya . no , it 's good to have ya . it 's gonna be be - the time on the re . Ray be look down at what she drop . a bundle lie in the grass . he bend down , start to untie it . maggie I be gonna warn ya about messin ' with somebody 's medicine bundle but I forget you know all about that stuff . in the bundle -- a eagle skull , tobacco string , sage , sweet grass , and several white eagle feather . ray this Jimmy 's ? maggie you be not gonna catch he . he can shape- shift into different animal . bear. elk. porcupine . ray be that like a hereditary thing , magdelana , or can one take class ? maggie Jimmy do not kill Leo . why do you wanna do this ? ray he try to kill he twice before . that 's a good place to start do not ya think ? Leo be on the other side , be not he ? maggie -- Leo be a apple , that 's right . Red on the outside , white on the inside . and Jimmy hate he . kicked he ass a coupla time . but he do not kill he . ray who do ? maggie you be the FBI . that 's you job , be not it ? ya know how many of we warrior brother get kill out here ? I never see any investigate then . why now ? what 's go down here ? ray a fugitive alert for a murder suspect . before somebody else get a shotgun blast in the spine . maggie try the Fort laramie Treaty . all over again . Ray do not have a clue as to what this radical bullshit be about . ray look . you and I can stand here in a culture clash till the sun come up , talk about what 's right and what 's wrong . you be from the reservation . it 's a different world . maggie I be from minneapolis . fifth Street . I do four year at Dartmouth before I ever set foot on this re . so I know about the other world , Ray . if this information do not throw Ray , the use of he first name do . maggie be you gonna keep that medicine bundle or be you gonna respect its power ? Ray be hold the medicine bundle . he deliberate , then hand it over . she take it with careful hand , casting a somewhat surprised look up at he . maggie thank you . ray when you see Jimmy , tell he the sooner he turn himself back into a human be and give himself in ... the sooner we back off this reservation . okay ? maggie get in the truck , start it up . she look out at he , study he . try to figure he out . headlight be come fast from down the main road . maggie grandpa reaches say you come from heavy indian blood . I use to think grandpa be gettin ' senile . now I know he be . ray move it , magdelana . maggie drive forward , turn down another little wagon road , and bump into the black night only moment before , cooch 's Le Baron pull in . sa mile and sherman 's vehicle pull in behind it . the regional fed fall in behind cooch , everyone , pack rifle . cooch Ray , you alright ? Ray turn , nodd . a FBI van pull in from the other direction and four agent empty out , wear FBI windbreaker and heavily - armed . agent sherman what do we get , Ray ? ray it be just Eagle bear . I question and release she . cooch what would she say ? ray she talk a lot of shit . we be not do we job . Jimmy 's innocent . " what 's the FBI really do here . " some shit about the Fort laramie Treaty . cooch nod . the agent form a tight unit out below the upside down flag . ray she take something from the house . what she call a medicine bundle . most likely Jimmy 's . cooch let 's see it . ray I give it back to she . agent sherman why ? ray if it be Jimmy 's , she 's take it to he . we will have a runner . but I borrow a little mojo ... Ray reach inside he pant leg , down around he boot and carefully remove a white eagle feather . he gingerly tuck it in a plastic bag . cooch Way to go , Raymond . mile , take that to lab . sherman , I want you to go back to base and produce some write material . something that indicate that we girl maggie be leak information to we . and make sure that material find its way into the hand of the warrior Movement . sherman and mile , take off . cooch , a impressive master of cointelpro , now turn to the van squad . cooch you gentleman miss that medicine basket . go back through the house , and make sure you miss nothing else . and lay some wire , too . let 's do it . the van squad move toward the house , leave cooch and Ray alone in the highbeam that light the yard . cooch that 's good goddamn work , Ray . let the salmon run . let them run upriver . ray why we set Eagle bear up as a informant ? cooch her own people start to suspect she , it create discord from within . the Warrior do not know who to trust , they start infight , and Jimmy lose he support . Ray nod , impressed . cooch bend down near the road , touch the dirt . cooch her oil pan be shot . ray cooch . what 's the Fort laramie Treaty ? cooch Jesus , I do not know . you tell I . you be the indian . cooch wipe the oil on a handkerchief as he rise , smile playfully at Ray . he start back toward he car . some sort of bird be cooing in the night . cooch get a tail on she , Ray . Ray look up at the upside down flag . then watch cooch walk way . ray cooch . ( a quiet , tired laugh ) where the fuck do they send we ? cooch a long way from home . you be careful out there . cooch , stand there with he glass on and he right arm bandage , look tired , too . he get in he car . in the yard , Ray start for the van , the re dog , try to follow . he chase it away . and then as he get closer to the van , he look up to investigate the cooing SOUND . at the top of the flag pole there be a shadow . what look to be a large bird . it just hover . in the shadow . down below Ray look up at the pole , watch . then walk on . ext . bear creek res - sunrise mind-blow sunrise of airbrush red . cluster of lodge - pole pine . the spectacular mesa . paint horse graze in a field , a few out in the center of the road . at grandpa reach trailer the old man come down the front step in a frail walk , carry a paper plate . he step down into the sage cluster that grow just off he trailer , and offer the plate up toward the sky . he then stoops , and scrape a half - eat English muffin , some potato chip and half a banana onto the Earth in a neat pile . he straighten he back the best he can , look up again , and pray softly . the badland possess a otherworldly beauty at this magic hour , a maze of shadow and rainbow . in the distance we cannot mistake the frame of walter crow horse . he 's out there , long hair blow against the white bluff . stalk . track . on the village road a puppy chase a hen in a klutzy , innocent manner then bump into the tire of a park car . take a shot at doghood , he hike he leg , squirt a hubcap belong to -- cooch 's Le Baron . cooch lean on the hood , drink a coffee from a foam - plastic cup , and supervise six g-men who have a map spread out over the hood and be discuss it . maggie eagle bear house be way out in a remote corner of the re , a little home , trailer and tipi right on the river . the river be rush hard this morning , catch the light of the sun . maggie 's truck be park in front . out at the river , maggie , she hair long and unbrush , and wear a extra large T-shirt and nothing else be haul water in bucket from the river . three indian child be with she , help she . near the house , a old woman in bifocal glass , feed some chicken , and a cat that gather with the chicken and eat feed . int . old van '' near maggie be Ray , still in he field clothes sit , training binocular on the distant house . he open a carton of milk , drink some . then hear a whimper . in the passenger seat sit the three legge re dog . Ray have take he with he . he drink some milk , then open the carton up fully and stick it out so the dog can lap it up . Ray laugh in disbelief , shaking he head . ray for all I know , you be Jimmy . and you be just wait for a shot at my jugular . drink , Jimmy . milk be good for you -- the dog be lap the milk , desperately . and then a roaring . a motorcycle . in the side mirror : crow horse , racing up on the leave of the van . Ray pull he hat down low , and sit back . the motorcycle pass on the leave , slow enough so that crow horse can flip Ray the middle finger . then he race on , far down the road . Ray sit there , shaking he head . he will let it go . bullshit . he start the car . ext . tribal police shoot range - dawn crow horse gun in , slide in dirt up to the run-down , low budget shoot range -- six plastic milk jug on stick , jamme in the mud . a moment later , the van hammer in . Parks . Ray get out . he 's remove he hat so as not to invite any crap from crow horse . crow horse do not be mad . that be just a old traditional gesture that mean hello , how be you . ray I see . forgive my cultural ignorance . Ray execute a hard , slapping , " up you ass " gesture . ray have a nice day . crow horse burst into laughter in he raspy , staccato laugh . he walk off a few step , pick up a spend shell and pitch it . his laughter simmer and he get serious . crow horse Jimmy do not do it , Ray . I check it out . you can stop taggin ' my sister . ray she 's you sister ? ray and crow horse spiritual sister . ray gotchya . we just nail a genetic match between the eagle feather leave at the murder site and one in Jimmy 's medicine bundle . it come from a white eagle . same bird . crow horse finger a eagle feather that hang from he hat band . crow horse so do this one . wambli be a rare and sacred creature . when someone find a dead one , the feather get around the re . we share everything . a lot of power in the eagle feather . but you think that 's bullshit too , do not -- ray ( ala crow horse ) -- Leo fast elk be sit in the outhouse at maisy Blue leg when a car pull into the yard . he come out , approach the vehicle then see that the man behind the wheel be Jimmy . he try to get back into the trailer , but the car come highball at he . he start run for the open grass . with the car move , Jimmy hang he shotgun out the window , take aim -- miss once , hit the shitter -- fire again , and severe Leo 's spine . Leo fall , roll , and come to a stop in the grass . and some chicken feed . stale chicken feed with four day mold . ( a beat ) electromagnetic printing . crow horse stare , a little surprised . crow horse be -te . ' cept for one thing . Jimmy look twice be nowhere near there . ya see , when Jimmy be twelve year old , he mother and father be kill in a car wreck right down there near elk Mountain . ray I do not see the connection . crow horse the connection be , it do a head number on he . he 's petrify of car . wo not drive . I have know he all my life , and he 's never get behind the wheel of a vehicle . he ride passenger and he ride horse , and that 's it . the man that shot Leo down be behind the wheel of a move car . Ray absorb this with great interest . ray that 's not solid . crow horse you want solid ? that one , single , print he leave in the badland -- the one the FBI miss and then step all over -- it belong to a man who walk heel first . like a white man . Jimmy have a serious ind and walk -- ball of the foot first . the man who murder Leo walk like a wasi'cu . Ray let a pent - up sigh escape . ray you be say a white guy do it ... crow horse chew this over , unable to hide a nag frustration . he shake he head . crow horse when Leo be dumped out there in the badland , he be drop on he back . we man make a effort to turn he over , onto he face . it 's a old ind and belief that if a dead man be turn face down , he spirit will not leave . and in the killer 's case , it will not come back and jump all over he shit . that 's a ind and thing a white man would not know . the two of they stand there , think this over . Ray take out he notebook and start write . crow horse walk away , turn to face the propped up target . crow horse and that 's the way it be . write it down . to punctuate , crow horse slap leather , draw he .38 , and begin blast at the milk bottle . he hit the bank . a tree . one of the post . but not a single target . when he be do , he look over he gun , disappointed . start reloading . Ray start laugh , look at the miss target crow horse you laugh all you want , breed . sunset tonight , I get my man . Ray look at crow horse , see that he 's serious , and follow he toward he motorcycle . ray alright , crow horse . I be listen . I be listen to the tree , to the stone . who be it ? crow horse turn toward Ray , and create a long dramatic pause . crow horse damned if I know . and he haul he bulk onto he motorbike . crow horse but the Old one . he do a yuwipi ceremony last night . crow horse wink at Ray as he slam the kickstart . to no avail . ray the old man ? he 's gonna tell you who kill Leo ? crow horse go catch Jimmy , Ray . really . he 's gettin ' away . go ahead , go get he . I be late . ray hey . hey , that be my sunglass you be wear . crow horse grandpa trade with I . ( flip the bird ) Goodbye . and crow horse nail he kick start . the bike roar alive and the indian work the throttle hard , leave gravel and black exhaust . Ray stand there , drift between logic and instinct . he look at he watch , then start at a slow , thoughtful shuffle toward he car . ext . grandpa reach trailer - short time later the dust -buzzard broncs and bounce down grandpa 's driveway , come to a stop near the wreck car . crow horse dismount and unhook a carton of smoke from the back . a moment later , the junker van pull in , bounce and shaking . crow horse stare at the approach vehicle , he eye hide behind Ray 's former shade . he crack a slow smile because -- Ray be step quickly from the van , and carry two pack of marlboros . int . grandpa reach trailer grandpa sit in he chair , he black eye move smoothly from side to side . smoke enshroud he ancient face , give the sense of another time and place . he speak lakota . crow horse , sit on a stool across from he , hold the pipe . he pass it to Ray who sit in a bust lawn chair next to he . the room be dark as the sun set out the window in red and purple . Ray look at the pipe . grandpa will not speak until Ray smoke . and so he do , draw on the stem , awkwardly . heartbeat drum as grandpa speak indian . crow horse he say , back behind Red Deer table , where the elk-People-use - to-live ... there be strange creature from another world who eat stone ... and who will kill anyone who cross into this place . Ray look at crow horse , search for a hint of lightness . but there be only great reverence as he watch Ray blow smoke upward . crow horse he say , in the yuwipi ceremony last night , he see you ... go back into the land beyond Red Deer table . I be with you . but that be all the spirit let he see so he do not know if you be kill or not . but he think you probably be . Ray smirk as he pass the pipe to grandpa . crow horse look nervous . grandpa offer the pipe to the direction and then disengage the bowl from the stem . he speak again . crow horse translate . crow horse go to the land where the elk-people - use - to- live and you will find the answer you come here look for . but you must go as two . that be the vision . I have speak . and this be so . grandpa lean closer to crow horse and whisper some lakota . crow horse he want to trade . ( a beat ) he like you watch . Ray look at crow horse , nervous . ray I can not do that , ( explain ) it 's a rolex . crow horse a what ? and grandpa be already hold out something to offer . it be a cigarette . grandpa offer it again . ray I be sorry , this be -- ( loud to grandpa ) -- this be very , very expensive . it 's -- ( to crow horse ) tell he this be a expensive watch . crow horse tell the Old man . grandpa speak indian . crow horse he say , you need to go on indian time . he say you watch be ruin you life anyway . Ray bury he hand in he jacket pocket . no way . crow horse sign to grandpa " no . " grandpa get up , cross between the two young man , up to the tv set . he turn it on . wheel of fortune explode in ping and pong and a woman' shrill scream . ext . grandpa reach trailer - day crow horse and Ray walk down the step . wheel of fortune be hear from within . crow horse Red Deer table , Ray . ray do not tell I : heavy duty . crow horse heavy , heavy duty . taku wakan . wanagi spirit . it 's one of that few place we would never go to as kid . still do not . some of the old people say crazy horse be bury back there . we have to go Ray . together . like he vision . they step into the yard and Ray stop , turn to crow horse ray walter . when I fill out my 302 , do I say that evil spirit be kill everybody on the reservation ? crow horse Ray -- ray -- no . no offense to the old man . I appreciate you try to help . but I put my ass on the line come out here , man . crow horse what would you expect to hear ? ray not Native american myth and legend . I be with the FBI , walter , remember ? not National geographic . crow horse what you call myth , we call we history . ray it 's not real . crow horse what 's real to you ? Wall Street ? Capital Hill ? now they be myth . ray I can not be dick around here . that 's all I be say . I do not carry crystal , I do not wanna come back in another life . I just wanna do my job , and do it right , and get the fuck outta here . crow horse you be not no indian . you be a sal mineo indian . crow horse drive " indian " home with a hard finger in Ray 's chest . Ray knock he hand away , explosively . crow horse be ready . grandpa ( o.s. ) knock it off ! the old man be stand at the top of the step . Ray and crow horse be yelling over each other , and hand be up . grandpa will ya knock it off ? you be actin ' like a couple of old woman . Ray stand there , one hand up in defense , another poise to throw a punch . bewildere , he stare at the old indian hold onto the porch railing . grandpa for cryin ' out loud . knock it off . ray he speak English . crow horse only when he 's really piss off . grandpa come inside . watch tv . and grandpa go back in , screendoor slapping shut behind he . Ray be just stare , he jaw drop . crow horse start laugh . harder than he have yet , and Ray start walk toward he car in fuck - this step . he get into the car , close the door and look out the open window at crow horse . the indian move first . crow horse do not accuse nothin ' of not bein ' real , Little weasel . cuz the only thing around here that be not real be you . Ray lift he arm off the door , and spring he middle finger up at crow horse . he hold it there for a long moment just look at the big indian . ray take care of yourself , walter . crow horse likewise . Ray check the time on he watch then gun away . crow horse stand there , watch he go . eventually he shuffles back toward the trailer . ext . BUFFALO butte motel - night room 14 have be transformed into a major cointelpro base ; four computer terminal be set up , card table spread with photo , box of file stack on the bed , and six agent , man the computer , thumbing through file . the connecting room ( ray' room ) a meeting take place around a table of paperwork and coffee cup , and a .45 laid atop a file . cooch , sa mile , sa sherman , two other regional agent and Ray . sa sherman we have get word that Jimmy have be try to hook up with maggie Eagle bear ... but some of the Warrior have be send word to Jimmy that she may be a FBI operative . so he do not know where to go . cooch tap some ash into a empty coffee cup . they sizzle in cold residue . cooch bingo . it 's work . sherman he 's out of room . all the reservation exit have be watchdogged . we get he . I give it twelve hour . ray well we better use that twelve hour to apprehend the right man . the agent all look at Ray . a pin can be hear fall to the cheap carpet . cooch the right man ? talk to I , Ray . ray whoever dust Leo , dust he from the driver 's seat of a move car then drive that eight mile to the badland . Jimmy look twice have never be behind the wheel of a car . it 's a know fact out here that he 's petrify of drive . his parent be kill in a car wreck . cooch nod , light another smoke , intrigue . sherman that 's not very solid . ray there be also a print find in the badland that indicate diagetic locomotion . heel first . Jimmy 's walk pattern do not match . he have a distinct indian walk . sa mile indian walk ? you be smoking hooch in the peace pipe , Ray ? laughter . except for cooch who just stare at Ray , digest what he have say . ray they do not smoke hooch in the pipe , mile . they smoke something call kinickinick , it 's like a tobacco . sherman look at cooch . sa sherman well , you be right about x21 be a Washington redskin , that 's for sure . what else , Ray ? cooch you boy want a soda ? sa mile oh , yeah , a Coke . you buy ? cooch no , Ray 's buy . sherman ? Coke ? sherman oh ... no . no , cooch , I be work on a coffee here . indian walk ? cooch nod to Ray and Ray follow , gather up some paperwork he look determine as a terrier . ext . BUFFALO butte motel - night Ray and cooch throw long , slim shadow on they way to a archaic Coke machine . cooch genetic ditto on evidence find at the site with evidence you find in he belonging . a incontrovertible motive . and definite footprint on Jimmy look twice at maisy Blue leg house . ray when do we get that ? cooch today . and now you -- there 's a dog in the van -- ray -- I know . I feed it , and I can not get rid of -- cooch you be not send here to go off on you own detail , Ray . you be send here to assist in a selective Operations unit . this regional agent be inept -- that 's why they be send out here to the graveyard , to indian country . I need you behind I , Ray . not pull against I . ray I be not try to pull against you , cooch . I have just be have nightmare about the way Leo be kill . cooch you first homicide , that 's gonna happen , Ray ... ray I just wanna make sure no one else get do in that way because we be in bed with the wrong doer . cooch Ray . I never get into bed with somebody unless I know for sure . just the way I be raise . Ray study he with a smile building . cooch shrug , sip some soda . ray alright . alright ... cooch ( lightly ) yeah , alright , alright -- fuck you -- give a yuppie a badge and he want to take over the world . go get a tail on Eagle bear , and stay with she . cuz Jimmy 's gonna show . and I want you to make the collar . Ray nod , start for the van . cooch Ray . he turn . cooch look at he for a time . it be a warm look . cooch I will sleep around a little . ray thanks , cooch . cooch and get rid of the dog . Ray get in and pull the dog out . the dog sit at roadside , tilting its head at he , confuse . and he pull out . it run after he . ext . dirt road near eagle bear be - res - night the van sit park down the road from maggie 's dimly - light home . Ray sit behind the wheel , watch the house . locust make a steady and unnerve sound . it be black . Black under big sky . Ray let he head sag out the open window and he take in the vastness . Pov : star . million of star . and a incredible full moon . it hang huge over distant field , a perfect sphere . the top half of the moon be yellow , the bottom half a lava red . reverse - ray stare at it , lose in think . from maggie 's house , he hear someone singing . sing a traditional sundance song while they haul water from the creek . a woman' voice , trill out the beautiful but haunt " hey -o- hey -o- hey -o- hey -ohhhhh . " Ray just sit , listen . and then something draw he attention to he rearview mirror . the re dog , lie in the back seat be growling . lip curl back , growl low . Ray look at he , look out the window . blackness . nothing but the sound of locust . and a slight crosswind in the wheat field . the dog stop growl . and Ray fix he gaze on the house again , lift a pair of binocular and -- boooooom ! the rear windshield be shatter by a explosion . Ray throw himself low across the passenger seat -- booooom ! the driver 's side window and part of the door explode . res road near eagle bear be the federal van be hammered by gunfire . all the window , shattered , the metal door splay . someone be go for the kill , the passenger door be throw open just as its window implode , and Ray slide out belly first , grip he m - 16 and crawl like a dog soldier into tall wheat at roadside as the car , the road , the wheat , the dirt , the night be slam by gunfire . the re dog overtake Ray and vanish in the wheat . Ray vanish , too . it be quiet for a moment , then Ray , pop up ten foot away , and unload the m - 16 , in a leave to right , clean sweep before drop again . he lie there , listen . the LOCUST have gone quiet . his breath be heavy . his heart 's get to be pound through the dirt he lay in . ray ( whisper ) motherfucker . long shot - the road the decimate van , aerial still high . the distant light of maggie 's house . and the giant Moon , hover over it all . heartbeat drum into -- same road '' res - dawn twenty feds comb the dirt road , the wheat field , pick up shell with glove hand , scan the vast distance . in the front yard of maggie 's , four indian child stand with the Old woman , watch . int . le baron '' traveling '' another dirt road cooch , flushed in the face , man the wheel . he wear only a T-shirt which indicate , a desperate rush to the scene . his eye scan the surround home and field . in the passenger seat , Ray sit , drink a coffee . he look haggard . cooch bastard ... ray all I could think of be ... not here . I do not wanna eat it on a indian reservation , three thousand mile from home . cooch he 's out there . he 's out there play sitting bull with we . I want the motherfucker so bad I be get a bleed ulcer . Ray turn around in he seat , look off across dry land . ray it may have be maggie 's way of say " get off my ass . " cooch she 's that subtle ? ray Eagle 's claw and a bear 's ball that 's what she profile say . cooch well , she 's run now , too . this fuck people like to run , do not -- ray -- cooch . woh. stop. he do . Ray be turn around in he seat , stare off into the distance . ext . dirt road the Le Baron whine backward , and off the road , into some grass Ray step out , keep he gaze fix . cooch bail from the driver 's side , join he . heartbeat drum . ray' Pov : four-hundr foot across a flat area of sandstone and grass cluster , something shimmer in the undulation of the harsh morning sun . something of pea green and rusty metal ... glass catch sunlight and make prism . a car . a old re car , sit in a long , chasm in barely a foot of green water . ext . dry wash - short time later - pay Ray and cooch go through the car , around the car , with glove hand and grease pencil and plastic bag , sweat in the hot sun . cooch tread match . it 's the car . ray yes . excite , Ray walk off , scan the area . cooch but this do not make any sense , Ray . if it 's just be sit in this dry wash for seven day ... why the hell do not we find it ? Ray pick up a handful of stone , sift they in he hand . ray because this be not a dry wash . cooch watch he slosh shoe first through a rut where the water shimmer a foot deep or less . ray it 's the Little walk River . Ray turn , shuck up mud . ray and it be full of water when I drive by here three day ago . full . I mean ... a river . cooch the Little walk River . you be right . this be part of it . so whoever sink this car do not compensate for drought . goddamn . Ray do not hear cooch . he stare past the sac at the long wide chasm , wet in some place , arid in other , and what he hear must be a echo in he head . ray listen to the water ... cooch be listen to a transmission across he radio and he walk off a few foot , exchange information with the regionals . Ray stand , ankle deep in stagnant water , he face sweat - soak , he eye transfix on heat undulation . ext . BUFFALO butte motel - room 13 - day a flat - bed tow truck drive past the motel with the killer 's car on it . behind the truck be a feed car which stop at the motel , and the Le Baron which also pull in . mile and sherman get out from the first car , Ray and cooch bail from the Le Baron . with radios transmitting , the agent walk , dusty and tired , into room 14 . Ray hesitates , snag by the sight of -- a motorcycle park in front of the buffalo butte bar . park with pick - up truck and station wagon . it 's the mud-cake old barley . park right under the no indian sign . he puzzle over this . int . BUFFALO butte bar - day Dark . even during the day . cigarette smoke . sawdust . on the archaic juke box , randy travis sing " Old 8x10 " while behind the bar , the bar owner , a old man with long white hair and beard , busy himself with leather work . several white local sit on the old water drum bar stool . head lift , turn when Ray enter in he " fraternize " clothes -- jeans and boot , leather jacket . he scuff up thick sawdust as he head to the furthest booth back where -- crow horse sit , alone over a bourbon and a beer . Ray approach carefully , upset by the sight . he slide into the booth and point blank the indian . crow horse agent Little weasel , Federal bura of you imagination . ray Jesus Christ . you be hammer . what be you do ? crow horse you be right about the old man . his power 's long dry up . he 's suppose to be a medicine man but he will not go see the people . he say we change , and we do not listen . well , he do not go out and talk no more . I have not have a drink in three year but I just turn my sobriety chip into that man behind the bar , and this hoss be gettin ' water . ray cut the shit . you should not be in here , man . crow horse cuz I be a skin ? ray cuz you be a cop . crow horse not no more . ray what be you talk about ? crow horse you tell I . you tell I who go to the b.i.a . -- Bureau of indian annihilation and say I be messin ' with you case , man . I do not give a goddamn about you case . ray and I do not give a goddamn about whether you wear a badge or not , crow horse , but I do not cut you . crow horse shimmer he black eye onto Ray . crow horse still after Jimmy ? ray they find print at Blue leg ' place . crow horse yeah . Jimmy 's print be there . but they cross over Benjamin Black Star 's print . and he be not there until six o'clock the mornin ' after to get egg from the chicken . so Jimmy be not there till the next day . follow ? Ray just look vacantly at crow horse . crow horse resent the vacancy . crow horse look , man ... you better bust Jimmy and get out before somebody shoot up more than you car next time . Ray glare at he . ray next time I will be ready . you get the word to who ever it be . crow horse I can not , hoss . I do not talk to FBI 's . Ray do not blink . crow horse you think you be send here cuz you be a good cop ? ray no . I be send here cuz I be indian . and a good cop . crow horse lean toward Ray and speak more quietly . crow horse you ever think that maybe you be send here cuz the FBI 's need one good reason to take out the entire warrior Movement . and what better reason than one of they man , gettin ' blow away on the re . a low -rent , expendable public servant send in to take a bullet for he country . Ray be fume . he can not believe what he 's hearing , what 's be insinuated , but he 's give it think and it 's get he angry . he smashes a hand down on the table . ray I be sick of you shit -- rancher ( o.s. ) I be sick of the two of ya timber nigger spewin ' off . stand over the booth be a long , tall rancher be son . rangey with red curly hair tuck under a black hill classic cap , and arm build by tractor work . and behind he , two older ranchers fall in . and another young man , grin with amusement . Ray and crow horse look up . crow horse sorry , we do not speak United States . rancher be son yeah , well I do . get the Jesus up , and get the Jesus out or I be gonna go out to my truck and come back with my hardware . ray woh , hold on there , Jack , you be -- rancher be son -- do not " jack " I , squanto . I will bury you lazy ass right here . Ray realize now that they think he 's indian , too . crow horse see this revelation and complicate it by suddenly speak lakota to Ray . the rancher grab Ray by the cheek . rancher's son I be talkin ' to -- Ray deck he . backhand he in the solar plexus then , lay a burner of a quantico roundhouse to he ear , knock he across the bar , over a mop and bucket and into sawdust . the other start to fall at he but someone have jump in , hold they back , and stick himself in the way . it be brook . the old timer Ray meet he first night here . brooks no ! no , you butt hole ! he be not skin ! he ain't skin ! crow horse yeah he 's I nodn . miniconjou sioux . the rancher 's son who be come back with a break beer bottle , slow he step and shift he eye from brook to the young feed there be a lot of heavy breathe . but no talk just yet . the young rancher eye Ray . rancher be son you be not indian ? Ray just stand tense , stare at he . and it 's strange . because he have not really look like he have any indian blood up to this moment . but dress the way he be , and he eye glaring , face draw tense , he might pass for a breed although that 's probably the italian . but Ray do not answer the question . crow horse start laugh . drunkenly . older rancher what 's so damn funny ? crow horse well , it 's just that the cavalry use to always threaten the lakota . the cavalry be not around anymore . the lakota still be . rancher's son I get no trouble tellin' where you come from , fat Red . crow horse rise and walk unsteadily across the floor , leave the bar . brook be whisper to the other , apparently about who Ray be . the bar man come up to Ray , hold a tray , on which sit a shot and a beer . Ray look at it for a moment . bar man sorry . on the house . Ray knock the tray out of he hand , spilling beer and whiskey all over the bar man and the local around he . and he walk out , leave the local confuse . int . le baron - traveling - res - day Ray look strung - out as he drive . if it 's not the conflict at the butte , it 's the dangerous seed crow horse plant , and it be play with he mind . he be on he radio . ray no plate . no registration . serial number remove . and all print wash off by the river . that 's great . this be turn out to be a walk in the park , do you know that ? radio ( woman agent ) come back ? ray never mind . but before he hang the radio . it cut back in . radio ray. x22. ray I read , cooch . radio remember that upside down flag back at Jimmy 's house ? somebody take it down . ray good . radio they take it down , set fire to it , and throw it on the doorstep of room 13 at the buffalo butte Motel . you room . Ray seethes quietly as he drive . radio we trace the number of the truck that dumped it , and it belong to one maggie Sanders , also know as maggie Eagle bear . she 's be all over the re , riling up the traditional , tell they not to break , and to keep Jimmy in hide . she 's a problem now . and she 's yours . get she off the reservation . Ray keep drive . ext . wounded knee memorial - day maggie 's old pick - up be park near a arch gate of the tiny cemetery where a tall monument be fence off from other grave there be tobacco offering and other medicine hang on the fence and on the monument . it be a quiet place . still . maggie stand before the unkempt monument in she denim jacket , she hair blow across she face in the wind . she prays in lakota . behind she ten child from the bear Creek School stand , head bow respectfully . two of they sit on the lap of Richard yellow Bird who look on from he wheelchair , praying quietly with maggie . when maggie complete she prayer , she tie some tobacco to the monument then turn and face the child . one of they , a little girl -- heavy - set -- raise a hand that we might note be deform . as many of the child we have see on the re , be . little girl be they all right under here ? maggie two-hundred and sixty - seven man , woman , old people . and little one like you . many kill run along that road you see there . little boy where be they runnin ' to ? maggie a place call the stronghold . ( a beat ) they die for a dream . but you live . you be they great - great grandchild and you live . we have to honor they dream . of protect the mother Earth . and be proud of be indian . little boy my mother tell I that they call we Indians cuz Columbus be lookin ' for India when he discover we country . maggie smile at the boy . maggie yeah , well , let I tell you something , Henry : just be glad he be not look for Turkey . the child laugh . all but one boy , who be not pay attention . he be stare up at a hill , off in the distance . maggie' Pov : on the hill , a figure stand , hand in he pocket , hair blow in the wind . Ray . reverse - maggie keep she eye on the wasi'cu , but address yellow Bird . maggie Richard . sing the honore song with they . I will be right back . on the hill Ray stand , watch maggie walk into the wind , toward he . behind she a honoring song , sung by ten child haunt the still air . he do not budge as she mount the gentle bluff and join he there . maggie we be praying at the grave . do you wanna join we ? a long silence . the voice carry in the wind . ray no , maggie . but you be gonna have to join I for a ride . I be take you to rapid City . maggie look at he . they lock eye . maggie so much power . I see it in you eye . this ... hunger for power . or for what you think be power . as if exhaust by the think , maggie sit down on the bluff , look out at the child who be still sing the song . as she speak , she begin digging she finger in the earth . Ray stand over she . ray you burn a american flag today . and leave it for I ... maggie -- you desecrate it , it have to be burn . ray I desecrate it ? maggie you force a innocent man to run like a animal . you have try to poison my people 's heart against I with you manipulation , with letter I never write ... you have be watch I eat , work , raise my family ... wash myself in the river . and now you be here , arrest I at a sacred place . ( a beat ) in you eye , that 's power . maggie lift herself onto she knee and look down into the small hole she 's dig . she pick up a little pine cone . maggie so I plant this tree for you . and I take all this stuff that you have laid on I and my people , and I put it in this hole with this pine cone . ( she cover it ) and I bury it . cuz ya know what it be , Ray ? bullshit . and shit be fertilizer . ( she stand ) and the mother will turn you lie into something that life . maggie rise , dusting off she hand . she look he in the soul . maggie that 's what power be , in the indian way . ( hold she hand out to be cuffed ) take I to rapid , Ray . I be the enemy . Ray just stare at she , struggle with what he 's feel , what he 's hearing . what he 's suppose to be feel . silence hang between the two of they . ray if I tell you ... that I think Jimmy 's innocent ... but I be in over my head ... would you believe I ? maggie look at he , consider . then toward the long dark silhouette of a mountain range across the plain . maggie see that Black Hills out there , Ray ? when the people lose the land in 1868 , the government take everything but that hill . they allow we to keep that Black Hills , to live there . sign a treaty . until they find gold . then they tell we we have to leave because of National interest . they break that treaty . anyone who fight or speak out against it , wound up dead or in jail . and the people wound up here . on a reservation . while she look off at paha sapa , Ray stare at she profile . maggie while up there , in the Black Hills ... they carve the face of four president . she look at Ray with a ironic smile , and she catch he transfix . maggie you relative must have teach you something . ray no. ( after think ) my father never tell anybody he have indian blood . but he still use a few indian word around the house . he call I washee . Said it mean ... good boy . maggie start giggle . ray what ? maggie wa-shee be like ... a dumpling . like tallow we put in stew . I think he be call you chubby boy . ray great . maggie be laugh as she look back at the child who be no longer sing . Ray reach inside he jacket and take out five polaroid . he shuffles they as he ponder . he hand one to maggie who have catch herself open up too much to the wasi'cu . ray you ever see that car before ? maggie look at the first photo and say nothing . she hand it back quickly . Ray will not take it . ray who 's it belong to ? maggie ignore he . Ray study she reaction . ray help I , maggie ... maggie be look away . she pick a long blade of grass and smoothes it in she hand . Ray look at she a moment longer then rise , dusting off he jeans , and stand there . he think for a long moment , pinch the bridge of he nose , then look out at the Black Hills , pensive . ray I do not see you today , maggie . ( a beat ) Goodbye . maggie watch he go . look away . then watch he again . maggie Goodbye ... wa-shee . Ray stop . she stand on the bluff , she hair riding the wind and she eye searing . and then she lip do something that might qualify as half a smile . a sense of humor rise up through anger . survival humor . Ray look at she for a long moment . and then he walk on , leave she there . int . le baron - parked at wounded knee - day Ray sit behind the wheel , go through file on he lap , photograph of Indians . and think hard . ray anyone who fight or speak out against it ... wound up dead or in jail . Ray look out the window toward the monument . ray ( to himself , flustered ) that be 1868 , maggie ... exhausted , Ray lay he head back on the seat , and let a long , constrict breath free . thunder roll like the slow , deep roar of some giant bear up in the hill . he open he eye , look out the window . Pov : rain be come down , and maggie be get the child into the back of she truck . she help they get a tarp over they head . then as yellow Bird pull himself into the cab of the truck , she heft the wheelchair and two boy load it in . she get in , start up , and roll off down the sloping road . ext . le baron - wounded knee '' strange twilight Ray step out of the car into the rain and close the door . he stare at the burial grounds . then slowly , he start toward they as if magnetically draw . heartbeat drum . a shroud of mist lay over the cemetery , grow thicker as the rain fall harder . drum beat deeper . Ray be walk toward the memorial , get drench . then he hear something strange . hoofbeat . ray' Pov : come down the dirt road , toward he , a horseman drive he mount at a fast trot . the rider be only a vague image in the mist , he face hide . as he ride closer , we can make out a shotgun in he hand . and he throw it up , take aim . reverse - ray paralyze for a moment . and then go for he gun . but it 's not there . he 's leave it in the car . he break into a run . but there 's a short distance now between the horseman and the car and Ray have no choice but to turn and flee . his boot slap wet pavement , and he breath draw heavy and desperate as he bound off the road and race down a grassy slope , look over he shoulder , panic . his leg and arm churn , he face contort . and then someone pass he out , run just as hard . a indian woman in 1890 Winter rag , clutching a baby to she breast and crying . scream . Ray look at she , incredulous as he run . but he keep run . the rider be right behind he . he fire . the gunshot crack the sky like thunder . boooom ! int . le baron '' twilight Ray jump awake . cooch be pounding on the window . and the three - legge dog inside be barking . Ray quickly roll the window down , let in thunder . cooch start to say something then take note of Ray 's peak face . sweat run down he temple , bead at he nose . cooch Jesus , you alright ? ray yeah . I ... I fall asleep . I can not believe it . I -- cooch never turn you radio off ! I think I be gonna find you scalp ! damn it ! ray sorry , cooch . I lose Eagle bear -- cooch -- never mind Eagle bear . we have get Jimmy nail . let 's go ! and cooch run to he car . Ray fire the car 's big engine and take off behind cooch who be drive a feed chevy . crazy heartbeat drum into -- ext . grandpa reach tratler - late day the rain pelt grandpa 's little airstream trailer , wind snap at sheet plastic in the window . a ancient sewing wheel creak rusty in the wind . Three clean , late - model feed car pull down the muddy drive as two swat vehicle pull in from another road . the Le Baron pull in , and Ray bail out with the other . when he see where he be , he look distraught . Agents be run behind junked car , positioning themselves around the trailer . int . grandpa reach trailer '' late day the holy man be sit in he chair , smack fly with a swatter . tonight he wear a black reservation hat and stare vacantly at the tv where ronald macdonald swing a giant baseball bat , and fall on he face , bounce back up . and then boom ! the door be open and cooch lead mile , sherman and Ray inside . cooch have a gun on the old man . cooch hand on you head ! the old man slowly remove he hat and hang it on a knee . carefully he place he wrinkle hand on he thinning white hair . his eye seek out Ray who stand in the doorway , m - 16 in hand , look concerned . he stare at Ray . cooch storm into a back bedroom , mile move to a window . sherman stand over the old man . sherman where be he , Sam ? where 's Jimmy ? grandpa look at sherman , ignore he , look back at Ray . sherman he 's a medicine man , Ray . the " spiritual leader " of the Warrior . that right , Sam ? with radio transmission crackle through the house , cooch come back down the hall , and head to the door . cooch trailer 's clean , let 's go . Ray start to follow but he see sherman pick something up from near grandpa . the 500 year - old turtleshell rattle . grandpa 's eye widen slightly . sherman you be the one make it rain like that , out there , Sam ? ray hey , put that down . sherman can you make Jimmy outrun a m - 16 , Sam ? ray sherman ! sherman drop the turtleshell rattle on the linoleum floor . then drive he heel into it , crushing the fragile turtleshell . Ray grab he and slam he into the tin wall . mile get between they , grab sherman . mile easy , men ! hey ! -- radio he's on the roof ! he's on the fucking roof ! come on guy , come on , guy ! they be out the door , leave the old man to sit look down at the shattered rattle . he close he eye . ext . grandpa reach trailer in a blizzard of rain , Jimmy look twice in a cowboy shirt , jeans and boot , leap off the top of the airstream , clutching he medicine bundle . floodlights hit he from all direction . bullhorn scream at he . he try to turn a corner and run right into a feed . Ray , have run out the back door have slam right into he . he have he rifle on he , and they stare each other down for a split second before he be converge on . gun at he back , at he head . he be sweep off he foot , face down , and frisk . he look up at Ray , desperately . look twice brother , the old man tell I about you . listen to I : what be Leo try to tell I ? he want to meet I at maisy -- another feed , push he face into the mud , cuff he behind he back . fed save you speech for prison , Jimmy . with two five man swat team swarm the area , and six agent push Jimmy toward a car , cooch stand there in the pour rain , look relieved . Ray stand near he , look abhorre . cooch damn . that 's one hard run indian . Ray watch Jimmy as he be shove into the back of mile and sherman 's car and drive away . he be twist around in he seat to look at Ray . desperately . the swat team disband , return to they vehicle . cooch it 's over , Ray . I age five year . but it 's over . at least I be gonna look like I be ready for the advisory desk . let 's go get a beer . cooch head to he car and Ray start shuffle toward he as if he be dare by it all . he be look at the trailer and there on the rickety porch be grandpa . he come down the step slowly , hold he hat on against the wind . he watch the car pull out . Ray walk over to he , look sick . ray look ... I be not who you think I be . ( a long beat ) I be sorry . and after a moment of lock gaze , he start for he car , grandpa out back that way ... be a place call wound knee . Ray turn . grandpa I be one year old there when we people be shot down . my mother hide I in the snow in a blanket . one of that kill be a Holy man call wakiyan cante -- Thunder heart . they kill he while he be run for the stronghold . it be he blood -- the same blood that spill on the grass and snow at wound knee -- that run through you heart like a buffalo . Ray frown , disturb by this story . the old man be speak with conviction . with power . grandpa Thunder heart have come . send here to a troubled place to help he people . that 's what I be tell . maybe you be right and I be mistaken . you mind be young , mine be old . if so , so be it . Ho hecetu yelo . I will speak no more . Ray stand , almost paralyze , digest this . he turn and look into the old man 's sharp eye . grandpa have close he eye , and as he be pulverize by the rain , he turn he face toward it and from way down in he belly , he begin to sing in lakota . and it be too much . too weird . he wheel and hurry to the car . get in , and beat a fast path out of the old man 's lonesome patch of land . blue heat lightning knife the sky . thunder roll , and rumble into pool ball -- ext . BUFFALO butte motel and bar - late day the agent have take over both side of the street , gather in front of the bar and the motel , put firearm into case , remove flak jacket . pool ball knock from inside the bar while outside , a dakotan take a piss near a truck while he girlfriend stand at he back , yell at he . charlie daniel sing country on the juke Ray head to room 13 , start unlock the door . cooch come up behind he . cooch buffalo burger and cold beer , Raymond . do not worry about the sign out front ... you do not have to be indian anymore . cooch throw a mock punch at Ray and he mock block , tired . he muster a smile . but he be not all there . cooch you have a fever . you okay ? Ray nod . cooch let a few agent walk past , laughing . he speak quietly . cooch listen : when we get back tomorrow , you be gonna find tully lay a promotion on you . s.a.c . he want to prove that he yuppie agent be make good . he 's offer you New York . tell he you want Atlanta . ray why ? cooch cuz I want New York . Ray try to break a smile again . cooch cup he arm . ray cooch . they send we out here because the place be be neglect . now , all of a sudden , there 's two five man swat team out there tonight . Bell huey chopper fly all over the place . Federal occupation to catch one guy . why , cooch ? what 's go on ? cooch stare at Ray . the young agent look like he indeed have a fever . cooch National security , Ray . get some sleep . tomorrow , we fly . cooch hurry across the rain -swept street . Ray step inside and close the door . int . room 13 - BUFFALO butte motel Ray close the door , and stand there . he seem to be have trouble breathe . he look down at he boot . there be something on the floor . something that have be slip under the door earlier . he just stare down at it . then slowly stoops . close on : the polaroid of the re car he give to maggie earlier . she have return it . he turn it over . written across the white back of the photo , in dark black marker be the name -- yellow bird . Ray stare at this for a moment then hurry over to box of file on the bed . he rummages like a nervous thief and come up with a folder . he flip through it , casting off file and 302 's and profile and finally stop on -- the 8x10 black and white of Richard yellow Bird see earlier . sitting in he wheelchair , Red power cap on , tattoo marring big arm . and under it a double mug shot stamp leavenworth prison . under that another prison mug shot stamp sioux fall prison . and under that a -- third mug shot stamp " paroled . " Ray , he eye fix on this one , take a few step and sit on the end of the bed . he then stuff the file back in a box , and take off toward the door . ext . reservation road - sunset the Le Baron throw up loose rock and red dust , drive toward a place where the sun begin a slow drop behind the Black Hills . horse run out of the road . heartbeat drum . ext . mule deer district '' res - sunset a tarpaper shack . outhouse . clothesline on which jerk meat hang . no car . a lonely , unnerve place . Le Baron pull in . Ray get out , adjust the gun at the back of he waistband . he start for the shack . Ray rap a fist on the splinter plywood door . knock again . he check out a board - up window . the door finally open . just a crack . tiny black eye peer out into the fade light . ray I be look for Richard yellow Bird . Ray stick he open badge , gold eagle wing , near the crack . the door close . then unlatch and open . yellow Bird sit there in he wheelchair , tiny tobacco bundle in he lap . he 's be tie they . yellow bird the Washington redskin . think you would be go by now . he pivot he chair to allow Ray room to enter . int . yellow bird shack yellow Bird , in a T-shirt that reveal twenty different ink tattoo , roll himself across the warpe floorboard to a cheese crate where he eye glass sit . he put the thick bifocal on and focus resentfully on Ray in the ochre flicker of the dirty room . yellow bird what ya want ? ray must be a bitch get around in that wheelchair . how long you be in it ? yellow bird since I get a iron pipe put across my knee , man . fight with three wasi'cus , ya know . ray at sioux Falls Pen ? yellow bird no , that be Leavenworth . this -- ( show a scar ) be sioux Falls . what ya want ? ray Leavenworth a tough joint ? Ray walk across the room , he eye on a covert mission . yellow bird you ever try solitary confinement ? ray no . can not say that I have , Richard . Richard do you know why I be here ? yellow bird Washington send ya . I know that . ray yes , Washington send I , Richard . they send I here because this whole thing have be fuck . do you know what I mean when I say this whole thing have be fuck , Richard ? yellow Bird stare at Ray . ray a arrangement be make between you ... and we . do you remember that arrangement ? yellow Bird look at Ray , strangely , shaking he head . Ray start to look like maybe the game 's not work . like maybe this do not add up . but -- yellow bird I be here , be not I ? Ray let a tense breath out . ray not for long , Richard . you get early parole under the stipulation that you would help we in a situation , and you do not deliver . yellow bird what the fuck you talkin ' about ? Ray sit in a bust chair , reach down to he ankle holster and pull out a .38 . he hold it , rest it on the arm of the chair . he strain to look out through the board window . yellow Bird fidget in he chair . ray get up out of the chair , Richard . yellow bird what 's with you people ? why do ya have to fuck with my head all the time ? I come through , man . ray get up out of the chair , and walk toward the backdoor , Richard . yellow bird ( not move ) I get throw in solitary until I do not know my own fuckin ' name , and then you people tell I I can beat nine year if I help you . I help you ! ray get up ! yellow Bird stand . he take a step forward . limp . he 's get leg problem but he can walk . heel first . and bow . but he can walk . he be shaking . yellow bird they say I would never see FBI again , and I be livin ' with you fucker . I do not feed ya information on the Warrior , it 's back to the pen . I do not do this , back to the pen . you word against my word . against a con indian 's word . I really get a chance , man , right ? ray they send I here , Richard because they say you do not hold up you end of the arrangement , and I have to transport you back to Leavenworth . yellow bird ( cry ) what the fuck , man ? what do you people want ? I do what you wasi 'cu 's tell I to do . ray Leo fast elk ... be alive . yellow Bird wheel . yellow bird no way . no fuckin ' way . ray how the hell do you know ? yellow bird I blow he back out with a buffalo gun , that 's how I know ! now you be gonna say I do not , so you can throw I back in solitary ? Ray be try hard not to reveal he horror at this confession , at this understanding of the machinery . he sit there with he gun , blink away sweat that bead at he brow . yellow Bird be weep in a highpitch voice that do not match he great bulk . ray the man who come to see you at Leavenworth . the one 's who make the arrangement ... who be they ? maybe I can talk to they . yellow bird mile . Three other suit . that 's all I know them as -- suit . be you there ? ray you turn Leo over on he face . but the coyote must have turn he back over , man , cuz he spirit be out . it 's out , and it know . yellow bird what do you know about spirit ? you be not no I nodn . ray Leo know something heavy and be try to tell Jimmy . but you must not know how serious it be or you would have deliver . do you realize what Leo could have tell Jimmy ?! do you ?! yellow bird I take he out before he get the chance . he do not say nothin ' about tashka sha . and now he spirit be in the dirt . forever . ray what 's tashka sha , speak English , speak English ! yellow bird Red Deer table ! what 's with you , man ? Ray grab onto this word , roll they silently on he lip and now yellow Bird be get suspicious of the feed . yellow bird wait a minute . wait -- what be you doin ' ? you be not a FBI . you be not the law . let I see you -- Ray snap out he gun , straight - armed . ray I be the fuck law ! yellow Bird jump back , raise he hand . ray keep talk , yellow Bird ... yellow bird all I know ... be I do what I do ... and I be not in solitary , gettin ' pump up with downer , gettin ' beat to shit . but I tell you what , suit . take I back . cuz I can not take this shit no more . and then headlight pierce the gap in the board window . yellow Bird collapse against the wall , bang he head off it . he let a long , pain , cry escape from under he breath and he begin a slow slide down the wall , to the floor . Ray peer out the crack in the board . yellow bird man , I do not know who the fuck I be no more . Ray get up , put he gun away and head to the door . he stop and look back at the indian , sit on the floor , clutching he knee , stare into the kerosene flicker . ray you and I both . yellow Bird look at he , he glass foggy , he face contort and Ray leave . ext . yellow bird be shack - night Ray step out into the fall night . there be a car park there . with a high aerial . Ray raise a hand in a slight wave , walk on . at the feed car , a regional agent behind the wheel , wave a hand . watch Ray get into the Le Baron . Ray get in the car and take off . le baron - traveling Ray drive like a crazy man through the dark reservation . through mile of open land and strange rock formation . and he look trap . headlight flicker in he rearview . he see this . slam the gas pedal . ext . res road - night the Le Baron race at 85 down the dirt stretch . a moment later a car rattles by at 90 . int . le baron - traveling Ray reach over to the passenger seat and pull up the m - 16 . he lay it across he lap . look in the rearview again . then make a sudden sharp turn . he pull off the road quickly , throw up dust into the already foggy night , the car go out of control . ext . wounded knee memorial - night the car that be follow drive right past the narrow layby , hide by grassy slope and keep fly down the long stretch . int . le baron Ray skid through the dirt , try to stop -- he can not -- and the Le Baron fishtail , smash into a chain - link fence . and come to a stop . breathe as if he 's be run not drive , Ray look behind he to make sure he lose the car . he do . when he turn back to he wheel , he see -- through the chainlink fence light by he headlight : the wounded knee gravesite . he be right up on the arch , and the tall stone marker beyond it . ext . wounded knee memorial - night the Le Baron just sit park , headlight make the night fog crawl up from the base of the old tomb , along the fence . the driver 's door open slowly . and Ray step out . he walk through the arch . into the small fence area . up to the stone which be overgrown with stubborn weed , half -hidden in mist . Ray study the tomb . Pov : the name on the stone be chisele vertically : chief stand bear mr. high hawk afraid of bear weed be grow up over the rest of the name . Ray 's hand clear they , grab at they and rip they away from more name : pretty hawk blue american sherman horn cloud with frantic abandon , Ray be rip weed away . he drop to he knee , clear weed . strong fox thunder heart moving down and then suddenly back up to the name : thunder heart reverse on - ray kneel in the weed , the wind get restless around he , scream the way plain wind do but only this wind be fill with a whistling . what sound like eagle bone whistle , piping shrill . Ray kneel before the marker , stare at the name on the stone , he hair throw around by the wind that drive across the grass , whistling eagle , building to a unbearable , pitch . Ray stare at the name as if he be look through a small hole into another world . a world that frighten he . he get up and back away from the stone , through the gate . and get back in he car , quickly . he take off . ext . maggie eagle bear house - night the little home on the river . dark. empty . Ray run up the step , pound at the door . no answer . pound again . ray maggie ! he keep knock . nothing . he hurry back down the step , start around the back of the house and something attack he , leap at he from the dark , knock he off he foot , into the grass . Hit he again . but as quickly as he fall , he roll , throw up he hand and block a savage kick aim for he face . he trap the boot , twist it and drop the attacker onto he back . in a matter of second , he be on top of the man , stick he gun in he throat . he grab a flashlight from he jacket and shine it in the man 's face . crow horse . breathe like a wild animal . crow horse five-hundred year old turtleshell rattle ... ray crow horse , listen -- crow horse where 's maggie ? where would ya take she . ray nowhere . I be try to find she . crow horse you get Jimmy . let she go . ray crow horse , listen . you have to come with I . crow horse why ? so you can get rid of I , too ? ray no . so we can do what the old man say . Red Deer table , walter . we have to go . crow horse lie there , breathe heavy . Ray on top of he , still clutching he gun . int . le baron - traveling - night Ray and crow horse be quiet as they eat up the dirt road . crow horse maybe the old man 's vision be still strong . Ray nod , concentrate . after a time : ray do they come in dream , this vision ? crow horse oh yeah . dream . sometimes durin ' sickness . vision quest . sweat Lodge . ya never know when . ray just before we catch Jimmy ... I have a dream that I be be chase . and I be run with other people . Old - fashion indian people . I get shot in the back . like Leo . when crow horse do not respond , Ray look over and find he stare . he look back to the road . and when he look back at crow horse , he be still stare at he . crow horse where be this ? ray at wound knee . I mean , that 's where I be , and that 's where the dream be . why ? crow horse you be run with the old one . at the knee . heavy duty . ray well , it be just a dream , I -- crow horse sonuvabuck ! what 's with you , man ? who be you ? ray what do you mean ? crow horse nothin ' . forget it . crow horse look out the window as if to avoid Ray who be confuse by the indian 's smolder . after a moment , crow horse look at he . crow horse you have a vision . you have yourself a vision . a man wait a long time for a vision . might go he whole lifetime and never get one . and along come some instant indian with a mastercard and brand - new shoe , have himself a vision . ray sorry . crow horse I be a full - blood oglala . ray we have drive a long way . where be this place ? crow horse maybe it be just a dream . ya know , just one of they , what do ya call them , fitful dream ? ray yeah . fitful dream . crow horse feel better . he look out the window , nodd . but it do not last long . crow horse bullshit . you have a vision . you get sign from the old one . ray what the hell do you want I to do ?! crow horse stop . Ray brake . crow horse be look past he . Ray turn . the spectacular mesa that we have admire with every sunrise , loom massive now that we be under it . moonlight fall on it . and the heartbeat drum pulse from it . ext . where -the-elk -people -use -to-live - night the land behind Red Deer table be badland . badland pierce by a few rutte old wagon road . at a place between two grotesque butte , crow horse stop , look uneasy . he dig into he pocket , pull out some loose tobacco and spill it on the ground . then he walk on . Ray observe this , start forward , then stop long enough to fish a cigarette out from he pocket and drop it next to crow horse 's offer . through the badland Ray and crow horse walk , carefully under a full moon , scan the area . crow horse stop , check out some track . Ray walk on , look up at the table . he shine he flashlight up and it illuminate -- a red ribbon , tie on stake on a ridge . ten stake . twenty stake . ribbon blow in the wind . ray what 's that ? crow horse ai not prayer flag , that 's for sure . Ray sweep the light along , walk faster , and then something frightening occur . something ... some unseen thing snag he by the leg , suck he into the Earth with a horrible gushing SOUND . Ray be draw into a hole up to he hip , a bluish - black slime , ooze out around he . crow horse grab he , struggle to pull he up . he do , stumbling back and step into a hole himself . the two man be wheeling , throw flashlight beam around , slapping through a wet jelly , and finally get they bearing . Ray touch the ground where a blue-black chemical solution ooze out with water from the aquifer below . his flashlight scan -- twenty drill hole in the earth . a uranium strip-mine grid laid out in a 50 x 60 pattern . the far side be fence by flagge stake . ray Jesus . oil ? crow horse uranium . test hole . somebody come in from the nebraska side , and do some shotgun testin' . they be gettin ' ready to suck this baby dry . ray 1868 ... crow horse what ? ray that 's what we be do here . National interest . National security . only this time it 's not gold . it 's uranium . crow horse we be standin ' on break treaty ground , Ray . this be not suppose to be here . it will poison the water . ray Leo know about it . try to tell Jimmy , get the Warrior involved . crow horse so they take care of Leo . ray listen to the water ... the river keep goin ' down then rise again . Ray go to another hole and stick he arm in up to the elbow , sniff the solution . crow horse they be drainin ' we water table . that 's we life , man ... Ray be look past crow horse at -- something strange in the moonlight . coyote . some forty yard away , on a flat stretch of stoney ground . six coyotes , dance in the shadow of rock formation . moving in on they as Ray walk forward , they circle ... scatter ... run back ... circle again . look straight at Ray , eye glow . and run . reverse - ray and crow horse walk toward they . to the place they just leave . a place in the dirt , they be digging up . when they reach it , they stare down into the dirt . a body lie there , face down . denim jacket and a shock of black hair , throw into tangles and dirt . it be bury . until the coyote catch wind . crow horse bend down , touch the jacket ... turn the body over and almost vomit when he see maggie Eagle bear . ray look down in disbelief . ray no. no ... Ray step back , he boot squishing in solution and sealant and soile water . he cover he mouth , stop himself from get sick . and then he explode , yelling . long shot - red deer table in the moonlight . and ray' yelling echoing up out of the rock ext . bear creek village - night the sordid little village the fed first drive through sit sleepy on the rim of sunrise . a dog bark hollow as the crow horse motorcycle chutter down and coast up in front of one of the little home -- rundown but it have a satellite dish and a decent car like so many . the Le Baron pull up behind it . int . le baron - night crow horse walk over to Ray 's window , he jeans and boot muddy . no one speak for a long moment , the night fill by cricket . and that one dog . ray this clear Moon 's house ? crow horse yeah . it 's time to beat the drum . you better wait here . he do not trust the white man . crow horse cross the street . Ray sit there , and he look almost hurt by this statement . but he be the white man . but he be indian . he let a long breath escape , rub at a temple . he take out a smoke . tries to light it . his hand be shaking too badly . but he get it light , and sit tense , look in he rearview . int . clear moon house - night Oliver clear Moon sit in a chair , he strong indian mouth , beginning to tighten at the jowl . across from he , crow horse sit on the edge of a couch . mrs . clear moon , a rotund , gentle woman bring he a coffee . a teenage girl in a man 's extra-large T-shirt stand in the hall , look at he . clear Moon in pajamas , rise , and with a coffee in hand , start walk in slow step toward the kitchen . he lose control before he get there and hurl the cup across the room into the sink , smash it . he wheel and face crow horse . he speak lakota . ask question . crow horse speak lakota . answer he . Mrs. clear Moon , understanding , shake she head in disbelief and she eye begin to well . Oliver , walk back to he chair , sit , and think for a moment . more lakota . he get up , go to a drawer and rummages . he sit again , and toss something onto the coffee table . it be a badge . a tribal police badge . int . le baron - parked - clear moon be - dawn Ray nervously await crow horse 's word as he appear at the window again . the indian show hope in he tired eye . crow horse alright . shit 's comin ' down . he 's callin ' council fire . all the old chief and the warrior , too . I gotta be at grandpa 's place in two hour . we need to get the tribe together . we need to block this thing . ray what we need ... be Richard yellow Bird . crow horse look at Ray who stare dead ahead . ext . yellow bird be shack - res - dawn the shack be just as Ray leave it earlier , kerosene flicker dance yellow through the gap board . Ray and crow horse with gun draw , approach the front door . crow horse I think it be a rare case of a brother get a break in the court . we do a honorin ' song for he and everything . ray he 's look at a few hundred year in Leavenworth . he 's not gonna come out without a fight . crow horse snake around toward the rear of the shack . Ray knock at the front door . it be unlatch and it creak open a little . Ray push it open and see -- int . yellow bird shack a empty wheelchair . ext . yellow bird shack Ray step away from the door , look around the vast plain as the sun come up out of the Black Hills . he be roadblocked , and it show in he eye . it 's all get too big . crow horse lean against the shack , watch Ray . and then radio static from inside the Le Baron . Ray pivot and stare at it as if someone be inside the car . his call signal be be page . but he just stand there , look at it . radio x21 . read. x21 ... Ray reach inside the car and lift the handset . he take a breath before press it to he lip . ray x21 . come back . radio Ray . what 's you 20 ? Ray look at crow horse who look equally spook . the agent clear he throat . ray reservation . a long , unnerve pause . no response from the other side . radio what be you do on the reservation ? ray I be on my way back in . over . Ray hold the handset down at he side , look over the top of the car toward the Black Hills . crow horse Ray . Ray , do not let go now , man. Ray ... ray you go to the council fire . I be go back in . crow horse Ray . Ray swing in behind the wheel , start the car , and barrel off recklessly down the rutte road , leave crow horse behind . crow horse Ray ! the Le Baron be already out to where sight reach farther than sound and silent white dust mushroom skyward . ext . BUFFALO butte motel - morning a raven be sentinel on a telephone wire that cross the road from the bar to motel . a few truck remain park in front of the joint . Ray approach room 13 , look shell - shocked . his boot leave blue mud print all the way to the door . he unlock it . int . BUFFALO butte motel - room Ray have cast off he field clothes and be halfway into one of he cleaner suit . he look haggard but still buoyant , he eye pierce . the connect door creak open and cooch walk in . the sac be freshly shower and he be fidget with a Windsor knot . he study he number two man , say nothing for a moment but be obviously hold something down . his face be a red hue . cooch ( extra casual ) could not sleep , Ray ? Ray look at cooch . when he speak , he voice be dry . ray no ... cooch cross the room , and pick up Ray 's jeans which look like they go through a sandlot tackle match in a mud hole . Ray tuck he clean shirt in ; watch cooch . ray I have to finish something with crow horse . cooch walk up to Ray slowly and take he face in he hand , turn it toward lamp light to study the bruise along he leave eye , a residual from a crow horse hook . cooch that 's where you be . you have to go back and have it out with the indian law ... Ray nod , and cooch slowly break a smile . a insecure smile but a smile just the same . he start to laugh . cooch you fuck hot head , we can get in trouble for that . cooch laugh in amusement and Ray 's face crinkle into a grin as he lower he eye , wiping a paper towel over he face . and then , suddenly , Ray lunge at cooch . he slam the agent in charge against the hollow wall , and hold he there . his eye wild . ray why do not you tell I what we be do here ? cooch be stunne . ray we be run a cover - up and you do not -- cooch suddenly explode , throw Ray off of he and send he reeling back against the sink . he point a finger at he charge . cooch you ever put you hand on I again and you will be do the book for a baitshop in the fuck everglade , mister . ray you do not tell I about Red Deer table -- cooch -- what the hell be Red Deer table ? ray what be it ? it 's genocide , that 's what it be . it 's a pay Zone for some U.S. corporation and a Dead Zone for the people here . uranium , cooch . cooch 's eye go frighteningly cold . he can not believe what he 's hearing . cooch Jesus Christ . what be you do ? what the hell be you do out there ? Ray say nothing . he just stand there , against the sink , breathe like a fighter against the turnbuckle . cooch this be a selective Operations unit , agent levoi . there be classified information pertain to we national security . you do not question that , you do not go digging into that shit -- that 's insubordination . Jesus Christ -- ray -- if they mine uranium there , this people will have no place leave to go ... cooch we be swear in on the constitution to protect federal matter , Ray . I do not know about uranium , I do not know about Red Dog table -- all I know be we do we job . it 's over . ray we neutralize anybody with a voice . Leo , Jimmy ... Eagle bear . anyone who be stand in the way of the land . be that it ? cooch no . we neutralize enemy of the United States . anti-american radical who have kill federal officer out here ! Ray turn to the sink , turn the faucet on to get some water on he face . the water only trickle into the basin . cooch Jesus , Ray . you think I do not like the Indians ? not true . this be noble people but they day be go . they be a conquer nation . they want all of America back but they can not even keep the garbage out of they own front yard . it 's sad , Ray . but it 's just the way it be . we have to function as a colonial police force out here . Ray lean on the sink , watch the water start to spurt free . he shut it off . turn to look at cooch . and it be then the door open -- some knock after the door be already open -- and sa mile enter . mile you gentleman ready -- hi , Ray . cooch yeah , we be ready . Ray do not turn from the sink . ext . reservation road - toward grandpa reach - morning crow horse chug along on he motorbike toward the council , he long hair and eagle feather trail in the wind . ext . BUFFALO butte motel - morning two federal vehicle be wait in front of cooch 's chevy and Ray 's Le Baron . one be a FBI van where sherman help three agent load file box and computer . cooch walk with Ray toward the Le Baron , look at he as the go . Ray look better as he breathes the morning air . as they pass the second feed car , the back window power glide down , and someone look out with a friendly smile . clear moon ah , there you be . the sioux . Ray stop dead . behold the tribal President who wear a western cut jacket and a strain expression behind he smile . he hole a hand out to Ray . clear moon you get the troublemaker off we land . good , be -te . Ray stare at he , speechless . horrify . what be he do here ? what about the council fire ? Ray somehow nod . then walk on to the Le Baron . cooch get behind the wheel of the car that clear Moon sit in . clear Moon 's eye follow Ray to the car . ext . res road - to grandpa reach crow horse gun past a little shack . as he do , he look in he side mirror then out across the grassland . then quickly in he mirror : a car have pull out from behind the shack . crow horse observe this . then twist the fuel throttle hard . int . le baron Ray get behind the wheel , look at he watch . he be panic . he start the car , reverse , slam into drive . ray' Pov : swerving and reckless as he race forward . sherman , walk around to one of the car have to run out of the way . the other agent clear out , look in confusion as Ray cut a hard U -- sweep past the bar , smashes into and through the old hitching post -- and head toward the reservation which lie vast before he . ext . BUFFALO butte motel with agent scramble about , look after the car , cooch get out , look into the dust Ray leave behind . heartbeat drum . cooch ray ! sherman appear beside cooch aim a question look . when cooch quickly get back behind the wheel , sherman pull he radio up and start yell into it . cooch reach out the window and grab he radio arm . cooch no , damn it . you call team in and this be gonna be a fuck media event . get I three car , six agent , block all reservation exit . it 's under control . and cooch squeal out with a petrify clear Moon in the backseat , inquire nervously . ext . road to grandpa reach crow horse pass by a abandon horse trailer . when he do , another car pull out . and follow . the first car pass by . crow horse see he 's be follow . he crank he throttle and the engine grind then die . he heel he kickstart on the fly , and keep it alive . but he old horse be no match for the big engine come up fast behind he . int . le baron - traveling Ray be leave little transitional development and trailer behind . his eye bore into the road before he , look for a sign of crow horse , and in the rearview for a sign of he FBI mentor . ext . road to grandpa reach - badland crow horse have the throttle open . but the two car be come up on both side , try to sandwich he . to he right the badland loom deep , a drop into a caliche netherworld of jag rock . he throw the bike right , try to ride the thin ribbon of shoulder . the first car floor it , and swipe he , and the bike go over the edge , launch into -- the badland where it do a violent triple flip , throw crow horse then smash into a tent shape dune . a rifle stick out from a window and punch the badland with three shot . ext . road to grandpa reach the Le Baron rifle past the abandon horse trailer . Black smoke drift in a wind ahead . Ray veer onto the shoulder , barely get the car in park before bail and run wildly down into the badland . ext . badland Ray run , stumble through the rock and gypsum , search the area . he run around the burn motorcycle , look leave and right . ray crow horse ! crow horse lie on he back in the badland , eye open , fix unmove on the sky . Ray come out of the flame - wave , run with he .45 hold high . he throw himself to he knee beside the injure indian . ray crow horse ! crow horse roll he eye toward the FBI agent . he have a gash behind he ear , and pink sand cling to the blood . he lift he head , try to form word . crow horse ai not no Council Fire , brother . clear Moon ... ray I know . come on . we gotta get off the reservation or we be dead . crow horse hoka hey . it 's a good day to die . ray bullshit , let 's get outta here , Ray get a arm under the big indian , help he up out of a jag crevice . crow horse grandpa ... ext . reservation road cooch 's car speed down the stretch . follow by sherman 's . the FBI van . all at one-hund and five . gravel and dirt fly . int . le baron - traveling with crow horse half - pass out in the passenger seat , Ray keep the wheel steady . and then he radio static . radio x21 , please read . ray. ray. x21 , please read . this be cooch . please come in , Ray . where be you ? Ray just stare down at the radio , keep the pedal floor . the throw the wheel leave . ext . grandpa reach trailer the Le Baron fish -tail in a cloud of dust and Ray leap out of the car , run toward the little trailer , gun in hand . the window be all bust , and the door be wide open . Ray run in . then straight back out , shaking he head to crow horse . crow horse hang he head out the passenger window . ray he 's go . crow horse he have not leave this place in twenty year . they get he . Ray start to get back in then hesitates . he look out across the plain to see -- three fed car in the distance , fast approach , dust rise . Ray get in quickly . ext . reservation exit cooch 's car be park in a roadblock . clear Moon stand near he , and address uniformed tribal police as they spill out from a van , carry rifle and shotgun . cooch ( into radio ) x21 . Ray . Ray , please come in . cooch have tear he tie away , he shirt be open , and he be sweat soak . mile get out of a car that pull up . mile we have a renegade agent , cooch ? he get off the reservation ... cooch -- he 's not get off the reservation . and cooch get back in the car , drive off . int . le baron - traveling with Ray drive like a maniac , crow horse be turn around in he seat , watch the federal car spread out , the chopper move in . crow horse they get we seal . what be we gonna do ? ray we be go for the stronghold . crow horse look at he . radio ( cooch ) Ray . can you hear I ? you be fuck . there 's no way out of this . if you will not listen to you own law , then listen to this : ( static : a new voice ) this be President clear Moon . this nation do not want you sympathy . you can not use this reservation as a sanctuary . stop where you be now . Ray and crow horse exchange a look . radio ( cooch ) whatever you be try to do be futile , Raymond . you have nothing . nothing . Ray pick up the mic as he crane to keep a eye on the rearview . ray yellow bird ... be gonna sing . radio ( cooch ) yellow Bird commit suicide at three o'clock this morning . some gung - ho agent from D.C. push he into a corner . you be play a lose game . pull over . Ray take the mic and for some reason , he 's put it inside he jacket near he shoulder where he keep he leather . crow horse look at he , puzzle . and then the sound come forth , the static crackle of a micro-cassette recorder . recorder ( Ray ) how the hell do you know ? ( yellow Bird ) I blow he back out with a buffalo gun , that 's how I know . and now you be gonna say I do not and put I back in solitary ?! Ray keep the tape run into the radio as he drive through rugge badland . crow horse , stunne by the voice , eye Ray as the tape roll . int . chevy - traveling cooch and clear Moon stare in horror at the radio . radio ( yellow Bird ) you people tol ' I I could beat nine year if I help you . I help you ! ( rewind ) I could beat nine year if I help you . I help you ! cooch be shaking he head in vitrify disbelief . he slam the pedal almost through the floor . int . le baron - traveling the tape end and Ray now lift the mic to he mouth . ray ( into mic ) fuck you . and he too , bury the accelerator . ext . badland road '' to the stronghold the Le Baron burn forward and we sweep up to a mind - blowing aerial view of the badland as four feed car spread out in formation , follow . int . le baron - traveling crow horse be turn around , look at the pursuit . ray walter . crow horse turn , see what Ray be look at . Pov : the stronghold -- a narrow open in hulk rock formation . large enough for a car to get in , and keep follower out . crow horse that 's it . the stronghold . get we in there , we get a chance . ray we be in there . we be in there -- just ahead , the earth be go . a waver heat pond turn out to be a crevice and they nose down into it , bury the front end in sand and rock . windshield shatter . ext . the stronghold the Le Baron be stick , wheel spin out . Ray and cooch bail . gun draw , they start run for the stronghold . at the edge of the arroyo the caravan slide in recklessly , two of the feed car come dangerously close to go over the edge . the regional officer and six clear Moon goons empty out , run down the dip , rifle and shotgun ready . Three more field agent come down from another direction , follow by cooch . sherman hand a bullhorn to he . cooch ( via bullhorn ) freeze ! now ! the sound of fifteen priming firearm stop Ray and crow horse in they track . just twenty foot from the stronghold . crow horse , windless , stumble to a knee . Ray turn slowly , face the small army . cooch drop it . crow horse , rise , suck wind , and ditch he gun in the badland . Ray hold onto he .45 a moment longer . then drop it . he stare at -- the wall of men cooch , sa mile , sa sherman , six regional officer , six clear Moon goons . and now , come out of the backseat of cooch 's chevy , Oliver clear Moon , walk tentatively , cautiously . cooch lower the bullhorn . he take the opportunity to stare at Ray . to let Ray stare at he . the older agent look break . cooch crow horse , get you face in the dirt . Ray ... come forward . let it go . let 's just let it go ... at the stronghold entrance crow horse lower himself to a knee then lie face down . Ray just stand there , the wind against he . cooch ( o.s. ) come on , Ray . come forward . ray no way , cooch . Ray refuse to move . cooch sweat , try to keep control . all around he , hand be on gun . cooch be walk toward Ray . cooch Ray . I be come to talk to you . I be gonna walk you out of here . and we be gonna get the hell outta this place . cooch walk toward he , a gun hang at one side , bullhorn at the other . the agent behind he , around he , all raise rifle , all take aim . sherman , look sick , get to a knee and set aim . the sound of clack steel , all around . but cooch seem disturb by the sound . because its come from above . he raise a eye from the rifle sight to see -- along the edge of the butte fifteen indian , training rifle and shotgun down below . sherman look up from he rifle , bewilder . then alarmed . along the edge of the butte we pan across fifteen Indians -- old people , woman , kid . they weapon be weak but many . and at the end of the row , maisy Blue leg rise , clutching a rifle . and past her , another . traditional people , many from the trading post porch , rise to the edge , armed . Silent . twenty , twenty - five , thirty traditional , form a line along the ridge , a line that run in a circle , break by the stronghold entrance , then start again on the next butte . thirty - five , forty of they . and more , stand along the opposite craggy rock , some wear tractor cap , some cowboy hat , some just long hair blow in the wind . fifty , sixty , seventy-five reservation people form a circle on the rock ; it 's Little Big horn revisite . a fourteen year - old boy struggle to keep a huge shotgun at he shoulder . down below clear Moon 's mouth be as dry as badland soil . cooch be panic , he eye run along the high edge . ray stand equally astonished , assess the back -up . crow horse lift himself , stand , take in the sight . at the edge of the butte step stiffly but steadily through the line of armed local , push he way to the very edge so as to look down , grandpa Sam reaches . the wind make feathery tail out of he long thinning strip of white hair . down below Ray look up at the old man , then turn to face cooch . ray you be right , cooch . it 's over . cooch slowly , let the bullhorn fall . then the rifle . he look back at sherman who do the same , and all the way down the line , everyone drop they arm under the threat of a lot more gun from above . and now Ray walk forward , collect he gun . Anderson Chasing Hawk , one of the Warrior , run down to Ray , breathless . chasing hawk all the exit be block . there 's two more feed car tryin ' to get in . and some press . Ray notice that cooch be stare at he , hard . he shake he head slowly . strongly . cooch Ray ... ray let the press through . Chasing Hawk take off , run , and cooch watch in consternation . Ray just stand eye to eye with he , hold he ground . up to ariel view - over stronghold and along the ridge , grandpa and the local do not budge , watch every move . climbing higher , we rise above the circle of proud sioux to see , on the inside of the stronghold , thirty old truck and re car . climbing higher into and through the fast-move cloud that the lakota call the grandfather as the heartbeat drum and lakota singers take over all sound . slow dissolve to : ext . bear creek reservation - MAIN settlement - later the high wind of three media helicopter be delight a storm of indian child and barking dog , run through the street past junked car on block . over on a little plot of grass and dirt , a pair of hand be digging a small hole . Ray lay a pine cone in the hole and look down at it for a moment ... before hand - plow the dirt back over it and patting it flat . he rise , knock dirt off he knee and hand . crow horse walk over , bandage and favor wound , and Ray fall in with he , walk down the middle of the village road . his eye be tired . but hopeful . crow horse the people be already talkin ' about they vote for a new tribal prez . they wanna vote for Jimmy . Ray nod , encourage as they walk along . his eye follow the helicopter . ray what about the water ... crow horse you buy she some time , kola . ai not never gonna be over ... but you buy she some time . ray some indian time ? they reach the dusty , dent Le Baron and stand there , look at each other . crow horse indian time . crow horse offer a hand to Ray . he take it in a white man 's shake then follow walter 's cue into the indian " ally " grip and slap . they hold it there , look into each other 's eye . crow horse ( concerned ) where ya gonna go , Ray ? Ray ponder for a moment . ray I will have to see what the vision say about that one . crow horse you do not have another vision ... Ray shrug . crow horse discreetly gesture below he belt . crow horse yeah , right here . Ray crack a smile , a long time come . ray you take care . crow horse if you ever need a place to come back to and listen to the tree a little ... we will be here . Ray stand look at he , search for word . crow horse ai not no word in sioux for goodbye . Ray go to get in he car . but he see someone sit across the street on the trading post porch . the old man . Ray consider he for a moment then walk over . they lock eye . grandpa stare at Ray as if he 's never see he before , and then arc a brow . he touch he sleeve at the wrist . Ray roll he sleeve back to reveal he rolex . grandpa smile and Ray strip it off . he hand it to the old man and he face crinkle into caliche earth . grandpa hold the watch up in the light , admire it then put it in he shirt pocket . he move a flat hand through the air in the " do deal " sign language . Ray , a little surprised that he get nothing in the trade , return the smile and walk away . he get to he car and wipe away two inch of dust from the break windshield . int . le baron after three tries , he get the engine start . he pull he gun off he waistband , go to lay it on the passenger seat and find something there . grandpa 's sacred caanunpa . the pipe . symbol of truth . Ray look out the window at the old man who be watch he with that sharp black eye . Ray lift he hand , hold it flat , and do the sioux do deal sign . ext . bear creek reservation - day the Le Baron eat up the dirt road at a moderate , gravel crunching pace . it slow as it pass maggie Eagle bear 's quiet home on the river . Children walk with the old woman , carry bucket from the river . the Le Baron slow to a crawl , then drive on . CUT to : the trading post porch where the elder sit , watch the dust blow . crow horse ( v.o. ) ( voice linger ) we will be here . CUT to : crow horse walk off down the road . he stop , and look over he shoulder , try to glimpse the distance . CUT to : the le baron drive off the re , under big sky as it ascend a rough hill , waddle through pothole , negotiate with some horse in the road and roll on toward the reservation line where the sun throw shadow that look like a old man dance . at the place in the road where West go to rapid City , and East back to bear Creek , Ray stop like the bullet - punch sign order . he do not go West . do not go East . he sit there . fish a smoke out from a pocket , click a lighter , and fire up . he sit there , smoking . deliberate . sudden CUT to black . and after a long silent beat , a drum . like a heart . end credit . the end