thanks 1138 screenplay by George Lucas and walter murch shoot draft black : barely audible , a organ play a haunt theme . the title credit appear . they be simple green lettering on a black background . 1 . black t.v. monitor Point of view from inside a small medicine cabinet . the door be open create a low hum , and throw light on thanks 1138 , a man about thirty - five year old . he have a closely shave head : which make he appear bald . the image be distort as see over a tv monitor . male voice what 's wrong ? thanks take a bottle of blue pill out of the cabinet and talk directly into the camera . thanks nothing ..... nothing really . I just feel kind of lousy . I need something stronger . male voice if you have a problem , do not hesitate to ask for assistance . call 348-853 thanks yes ..... thank you , I will be all right . I be all right . he take two of the pill and return the bottle the cabinet . female voice for more rapid result use you new D code on you mercicontrol card . thank you . thanks close the cabinet . black t.v. monitor the door to the cabinet begin to open - hesitates - then close . male voice what 's wrong ? the door open revealing luh 3417 , a 20 year old woman , also with a closely shave head . she be nervous and struggle to maintain she composure . male voice what 's wrong ? luh take the bottle of pill thanks have just consume and become frighten . luh .... never mind . I will replace this later . she slam the door close . black hologram room close angle a bald man dress in white , huddle in a bare , dimly light room , two large leather clad policeman beat the man with long chrome nightstick , make a dull thudding sound . bathroom luh also dress in white stand in the corner of a very small bathroom . it be very modern , with many fixture not in a ordinary bathroom ; outstanding of this be a small medicine cabinet with a small sign on the face which read : sedation sp9 , use when necessary . close angle she stand face the wall . she be cry . the thudding sound of the policeman can be hear in the background . mo angle luh stop cry , dry she eye and look into the mirror . she regains she composure and pore the pill down the toilet . the camera track with she as she walk into the mainroom . she pass by the hologram room where the thudding sound of the policeman be originate . mainroom luh enter the small , white , plastic look room . one wall be fill with small compartment . she open one of the cabinet and push a series of button ; which light up . close angle luh sit for a moment have now regain control of herself . she take a cellophane packet of pill out of one of the compartment and carefully remove the pill and replace they with pill from she pocket . she put the packet back into the compartment . she become aware of the sound of the policeman in the hologram room . hologram room full angle the room contain two over - stuff recline chair , with control panel on the arm . thanks be sit in one of the chair watch the policeman beat the huddle man . luh enter and stand by the doorway , slightly repulse by the beat . thanks be aware of she presence , but neither speak . close angle upon closer inspection , we see the policeman have smooth chrome face and be actually robot . mo angle thanks reach for the volume knob and twist it up one notch . another robot appear beat the man . luh walk over and sit in the vacant chair . she fidget nervously . luh you ought to eat . thanks look over to she , but do not respond . luh reach for the volume knob , and turn it down , one of the policeman disappear . luh I start you dinner for you . it 's probably ready by now . thanks I be not hungry . luh well it 's fix , so you will have to eat it . luh become angry . luh no , you go to eat it , or it will go to waste . thanks what 's the matter with you ? luh turn back to watch the policeman . thanks sit quietly , and after a few moment , he get up and leave the room . luh immediately flip the switch on the arm of the chair . a intense flash of light fill the room and give way to a naked negro female mannequin , with no genitals , dance exotically to drive , sensual afro-electronic music . she flip the switch again , and the flash fade into a newscaster comfortably seat in a chair directly across from she . he be dress in white , and he head be closely shaven ; as be all of the people in this society . newscaster .... in the constant strive for perfection in the aia . pb848 's which have be build this year . five felon have be catch flee rehabilitation center dd2 . all five have be undergo treatment for drug offense , two of the felon be product of the sex act , the other three .... luh what ? newscaster two of the felon be product of the sex act , the other three be from reproduction clinic nineteen . the quintet escape from compound 545 and be all subsequently destroy . report indicate .... thanks return to he chair carry he dinner on a tray . the food look like multi-color foam rubber . thanks what 's this ? why do you change it ? luh you have see enough . thanks you know I do not feel well . luh eat you dinner . luh flip the switch revealing a drama involve two male negro mannequin stand next to a low , sleek car with a massive , complicated jet engine on the back . mannequin one .... and then my request for new arm and leg finally come through . mannequin two well that 's great then . mannequin one no . it 's terrible . I order two arm and a new leg , and they send I two leg and a new arm . raucous can laughter be insert as the two mannequin get into the autojet . close angle thanks be expressionless . thanks that be very funny . luh what ? observation cell we view thanks in a operating room via a tv monitor . he be work at a electronic control panel in a small glass boot . he manipulate two mechanical hand work on the disassembled body of a chrome policeman . the camera pull back , to reveal several monitor which scan other operate room . in another row be sedation cabinet , mostly black , because the box be close . full angle we now see many row of tv monitor , surround by gage , dial , and switch . two worker be sit at the control board face the monitor . we recognize luh as one of the worker . a man , sen 5241 , be the other operator . mo angle this be a observation cell , where all phase of life be under continual surveillance . luh operate the control at she panel and type what she observe into a computer . on one of the monitor be a man in a bathroom alcove similar to the one we see in thanks 's home . voice what 's wrong ? the man be hysterical and scream at the monitor . man help I ..... help I ..... voice what 's wrong ? the man take the pill out of the cabinet and begin to eat they a hand full at a time . close angle luh be tense and pre-occupy . she react by push a button which program a new recording . voice take four red capsule , in ten minute take two more . help be on the ... luh report the incident into the computer . the image on the monitor observe one of the operate room be shake , and turn white as though there have be a explosion . thanks continue he work and be oblivious to what have happen . mo angle luh have slip into a daydream . sen notice the accident and study luh for a few moment . suddenly a voice cackle over the intercom . intercom voice concourse 5 ..... Cross 3 ..... monitor concourse 5 .....3417 be you there ? relate .... relate ..... luh awaken from she trance , and fumble , to discover what have happen . she press button that spread the accident among five monitor . close angle luh reach for a container of yellow pill , she think for a moment , then return the pill to the container . on the monitor there be much confusion in the destroy passageway . people move along the corridor to get a better look at the accident . luh push a button and a tape activate . tape voice do not enter this area without consume j 23 . this be a traumatic area . do not enter this area without .... policeman be see carry part of body out of a destroy operate room . intercom voice Radiation suppress . seal chamber 5g , seal chamber 5g . exterminate occupant . on the monitor , luh watch a man bang on the door to he work cell . slowly he fade , collapse , and die . as she watch the disaster scene , tear come to she eye . she dry they quickly and glance at sen to see if he have notice she . he be busy type a report . a voice bring she back to the monitor . male voice what 's wrong ? a man from a industrial section be on one of the tv monitor , scream hysterically . there be flame and smoke in the background . man Fire in sub-station 35 k , command 13 , we have get 73 man down here ... luh quickly punch a button on the tape respond panel . voice you be a true believer , blessing of State , blessing of the mass thou art a subject of .... luh be take by surprise , and fumble for the retract button . there be a moment before the correct tape be hear , sen look up at luh , who be unaware she be be watch . voice stay calm , correct procedure be essential . do not fail to remove auxiliary command circuit before evacuation . vacuum detail and suppression unit for you area have be notify and be on they Way . luh finish type she report and become aware that sen be watch she . she look up at he , and he quickly go back to work . prayer booth thanks sit in a small cube which feature a desk face a large photograph of the prophet omm . the image be similar to a renaissance painting of Jesus . voice my time be yours , go ahead . thanks mumble a short prayer ; which be cut short by the record voice . voice very good , proceed . thanks be uneasy , and fumble for the right word . thanks well .... I slip on a t5 transfer this morning . it 's never happen before . I be not concentrate enough . thing have not be ..... voice yes . thanks .... go well . how could I be so wrong . ( pause ) sco 1202 cross wire a 904 . he 's be receive extra credit . he offer I some . but you must already know about that .... why do I bother you with such ..... voice yes thanks I do not accept any . ( pause ) I ... I want ... to . but I do not . you know I do not . do not you ? there be a pause as thanks wait for a answer . voice yes . thanks my mate have be act very strange . I can not explain it ..... but . I have not be feel very well myself . I do not know , maybe it 's I . I need a sp9 last night . I feel as if something odd be happen to I . something .... voice yes . thanks I can not understand . the sedative .... thanks pause , and trys to think of what he want to say . thanks .... I be take sp5 , but it do not seem strong enough . I have a hard time concentrate . please forgive I , I slip on .... voice you be a true believer . blessing of the state , blessing of the mass . thou art a subject of the divine . created in the image of man , by the mass , for the mass . let we be thankful we have a occupation to fill . work hard ; increase production ; prevent accident , and be happy . thanks slump , exhaust by the effort of communicate with omm . schedule office thanks be in a large hall , crossing over to a bank of small box along the wall . he attempt to open one of the box with a plastic badge from he lapel , and struggle for a moment before finally get it open . he push some button inside the box , then close it . he be very tired ; almost unable to cope with the trivia of daily life . mo angle thanks turn around to leave and be confront by luh , who have be stand directly behind he . she be hold a punch card . thanks what do you want ?...... luh stare at he without answer . thanks ( glancing at the card ) what do you get ? luh I have to see sen . I have just be give a shift change . thanks when ? luh now . thanks now ? luh he want I to come to he quarter . thanks ( glancing at the box and point ) a shift change should come through the schedule office . why should he want to see you ? luh I do not know . thanks do not go . luh I have to ... he 's a G -34 thanks you do not have to ... I do not trust he . you ought to file a report . luh no , do not make trouble . it 's nothing . thanks be become confuse and exasperate . thanks then why do you bring it up ? luh I do not . you ask I about the card . ( pause ) you be go to get we into trouble . luh start to move off . thanks I have not do anything . luh do not be so sure . luh quickly disappear into the crowd . thanks rest against the wall ; the noise and the crowd people be almost too much for he . a chrome robot and a man , both dress in bright yellow , pass by engage in conversation . a moment later , a man drop he computer card and be trample try to retrieve it . thanks be see on a tv monitor . he be unable to withstand the crowd and move off screen down the passageway . rest plaza thanks move to a large door with a sign read rest plaza . he open the door and enter a small room line with bench and fill with old people sit and stare at one another . as thanks enter , they all turn and stare at he . close angle thanks search for a vacant bench and begin to feel very uncomfortable . finally , he turn and leave . 11 . hologram room , thx's quarter the faint sound of a heartbeat grow louder as a pulsate , round , red blurr slowly appear in the center of the room . thanks be sit alone in the overstuff chair . the red ball descend from the ceiling and surround thanks 's abdomen as he take two capsule out of a compartment in the arm of the chair and swallow they . thanks flip a switch on the arm of the chair ; a intense flash of light fill the room and give way to a naked negro female mannequin make erotic movement to the beat of a drive afro-electronic song . thanks undergoe the physical movement of a sexual experience . after he reach he climax , he relax , breathe deeply , rest for a moment as the mannequin continue to gyrate and the red ball fade away . thanks flip the switch several time . a series of image flash through the room : a chrome policeman beat a man to death ; a newscaster ; a matronly woman discuss drug ; a male mannequin ; and finally two man sit behind a long table . only one man speak , the other listen attentively , occasionally look from thanks to the speaker . man ....to stimulate the arithmetical and logical process as a extention of the 5141 . never before have we be so content , never before have life be so satisfy ... there be a jump in the man 's movement - a reminder that he be only a hologram . ... so satisfy . a referendum of bliss , a fabrication of gratification sustained by the benevolence of authority ... thanks what ? the man disappear for a moment , then pop back . man a referendum of bliss , a fabrication of gratification sustained by the benevolence of authority ... thanks that 's not what I mean . man ... the inadequacy of the human personality be rapidly be overcome by the social process of advance technology . component lowness , a sophisticated stimulation be the answer . the humanity of authority be proudly contemporary . Control through companionship , combine with economic advantage of the mate structure far surpass any disadvantage in increase perversion . a final ... thanks hear something in the other part of the house . he jump up , stand in the middle of the silent man . thanks luh ? man ... a infinite translate in mathematics of tolerance and charity among artificial memory device be ultimately binary . stimulate ... thanks flip off the hologram and the two man fade away , leave the room dark and empty . thanks luh ? be that you ? thanks walk into the main room , then into the bedroom thanks luh ? he stand alone , disappointed and puzzle . he ponder the event of the day , make a decision , and leave . sen' quarter a group of man be load multi-color box contain personal effect onto a cart . thanks stop at the doorway , hesitant to go inside . the room be in a state of confusion as the effect be check against a master list by a extremely mannish woman . thanks finally move past they and into the residence , look for sen . woman seal personal effect : 3 styrene ; a occupational syntax ; a red magna base - old style ; a box of neons ; a variation ; 23 hunter portapod . sen be in he section of the bedroom , noticeably annoyed at the intrusion . thanks enter and stand just inside the entry , stare at sen . sen become aware of thanks and begin to stare back . thanks become more and more uncomfortable . sen well ? thanks say nothing . sen suddenly recognize he and stand up . sen it 's you , come in , come in ... you know , this be really odd . I be just think about you . what in the world be you do here ? thanks do not answer . sen study he for a moment . sen ( point to the other room ) for the moment , I think you be one of the other . you look much ... different - in person . sen sit down . thanks remain stand , stare expressionless at sen . there be another pause . sen sit down , why do not you ?....( thanks do not sit ) anyway ... I must apologize for all this chaos . they materialize this morning and it 's be go on all day . well , it 's cross I have to bear - the roommate be destroy , you know . sen look at thanks , but see no reaction . sen no ... I guess you would not . terrible inconvenience . I could never understand why it all must be create and file if it 's go to be destroy anyway . when I pass on , I certainly do not want anyone go through my thing .... it 's a strange life . ( pause ) I really can not understand why you do not sit down . sen go into the bathroom alcove and take a pill . thanks sit on the edge of the bed . sen ( off-screen ) you never answer my question . sen return to the bed and sit down on the other end from thanks . sen well , at least you be sit down ... you must excuse my go on like that .... with ona go I feel as if I have no one to talk to . you be perspire , be not you ? my goodness , it 's not very hot in here . be you sick ? sen back off a bit . sen I be sure it 's warmer in she than outside , though . I have not be out yet , but it usually be ... the control be foule ... ( pause ) thanks where be luh ? sen what ? the woman take the inventory interrupt they conversation . woman Count conclude . sen hand she the plastic badge on he lapel . she slip it into a small box and return it , with a slip of paper . woman you must keep this . sen ( take the slip ) yes , of course . the woman leave . sen they really smell . it 's disgusting . do you notice it ? thanks glare silently at sen . thanks why do you have luh come here ? sen why be you so concerned ? thanks what 's go on ? sen I want you for my roommate . thanks where 's luh ? sen it will be good for both of we . I have get it all arrange . thanks be have difficulty deal with this turn of event . thanks I do not understand . live .... selection be compute . you can not ... what have you do to luh ? she be here .. sen we have a long talk and she agree that it would be a good idea for you to switch . she feel that you have not be accurately mate to she in the first place ... you be upsetting yourself . would you like something ? thanks you be in violation . sen do not say that . you look ... you be not well . thanks be confuse and preoccupy . sen I know what you be think ... Program shifting be not that major a crime be it ? ( pause ) luh be a problem for you . I have watch she during work . she 's be act very strange . thanks stand up and start for the door . sen I will not have another mate like ona . you rate very high in sanitation . I have check . in fact , I be surprised that you be ever match with luh . her rating be very erratic - you know what I mean . we will be happy . thanks I do not feel well . thanks leave . prayer booth thanks be in a city plaza prayer booth . the face of Jesus stare down at he . thanks .... with I ? what be I to she or she to I ? nothing . she 's a ordinary roommate . i.. I share ... voice yes ... thanks ... room with she . we relationship be normal , conform . we share nothing but space . what be she do to ... voice yes ... thanks ...to I . I think I be die . thanks be experience extreme stomach cramp . voice you be a true believer . blessing of the state . blessing of the mass . thou art a subject of the divine . created in the image of man , by man , for man . let we be thankful we have commerce . buy more . buy more now . buy more and be happy . thanks throw up on the floor of the booth and seem to feel better for it . the mercicontrol card appear , and the conclude voice be hear as thanks feebly get up and leave the booth , allow another man to enter . commercial plaza thanks be in a store . he busy a bright color three - dimensional hexagon , pay for it with he legal badge place in a machine . in the next stall man be bang on the credit card machine . thanks pay no attention . man idiot machine ! someone ought to fix this machine ! a chrome policeman come and take the man away . thanks be suddenly hit by another wave of nausea , and leave the plaza quickly . thx's quarter thanks enter , hold the hexagon in one hand . the room be dark thanks luh ? he turn on the light and pause , wait for a answer , then continue in and place the box on the kitchen table . thanks enter the bathroom and close himself inside a rectangular glass box . Air rush in through a series of nozzle , and he be dry-clean , clothing and all . mo angle thanks enter the kitchen , notice the hexagon , and place it inside the product consumer - small , oven - like appliance that destroy it instantly . he move slowly , try to keep from become sicker . he open one of the kitchen cabinet , press some button inside , and sit down at the table . he be shiver uncontrollably and breathe hard . thanks ( to himself ) I need help . he stumble out of he chair and feebly make he way into the bathroom alcove . as he pass the hologram room , we see a figure stand in the shadow . thanks be extremely ill and on the verge of lose consciousness . he reach for the sedation cabinet , but collapse just as he open it . tv image the bathroom alcove appear empty . voice what 's wrong ? luh appear on the screen luh nothing . I be look for my tenser . I be sorry . voice if you have a problem .... close angle luh close the sedation cabinet and drag the unconscious thanks into the bedroom and put he on the bed . she sit , quietly , look at he . cautiously , she bring he hand to she cheek . a slight smile cross she face . 16 . MAIN room , thx's quarter thanks be laugh hysterically . as soon as he start to gain control of himself , he break out laugh again . luh have take a spherical piece of food from she tray and be bounce it on the table . she be laugh , herself , but still try to keep control of the ball . thanks ( laugh very hard ) violation ... violation ... you be bounce in ... violation .. this make they laugh even harder and luh lose the ball . they both dive for it and wind up face to face under the table . eventually , they stop laugh . thanks I have never be under the table before . luh ( point at the underside of the table ) look , dirt ! thanks ( mock ) that 's not dirt ... can not be dirt .. dirt be a violation . luh look like dirt . thanks pick up the red food ball and hold it up at luh . thanks look , food ! luh that 's not food . can not be food . thanks look like food . thanks take a bite out of it and grimace . thanks tastes like food . he scramble out from underneath the table and toss it in the product consumer . it disappear instantly . thanks produce to be consume ! luh go over to the table and scoops up the rest of the food . she begin toss it into the product consumer . thanks hey ! wait a minute . not all of it . I be hungry . she begin to break out laugh , throw the food into the consumer as fast as she can . thanks start for she and she begin throw the food at he . thanks catch she by the foot and pull she to the floor . they roll around playfully , laugh hysterically all the time . slowly and subtly , they play become more violent and sadistic , although they keep on laugh . luh ( laugh ) the pain , no ... the pain , I can not stand it . luh turn on thanks , pin he to the floor . she sit astride he , hold he arm . they be both out of breath and panting heavily , confuse by a slowly increase awareness of each other sexuality . luh slowly release thanks 's arm and sit up . she give a last , embarrassed giggle and then fall silent . they stare at each other . thanks why ? luh sit silently , show no response . thanks why do you do it ? it 's wrong .... we be wrong . we be felon now . you know it can not last very long ; they will discover we , and they will destroy we . luh be hurt and begin to cry . thanks now ...now , I be sorry ... do not - do not .... please . it 's just ... I be happy . why get I involved ? you tell sen that you be not satisfied with I . luh what ?... oh , no , thanks . that 's not true . ( she embrace he ) not satisfied ? thanks , I need you so much . thanks attempt to comfort she . he be awkward and uncomfortable . luh I be so scared ... I do not know what would happen with you ... once I start . I almost let you go on so many time . it will be worth it , together . when I be alone , I know . thanks but it 's so hopeless ... you be so beautiful . luh smile and sniffles . they kiss : a awkward first kiss . thanks what time be it ? luh what ? thanks I say what time be it ? how long be I out ? luh it 's 3 +27 hundred thanks Three ! I be go to be late for my shift . luh ( hold he ) no ! do not go . thanks ( get up ) they will come for I right away if I be not there . I have to go . luh do not take anything . thanks I will try . luh promise ... please do not thanks leave the room . passageway luh be frighten as she hurry down the endless white hallway . when she reach the corridor exit for thanks 's operate room , she stop . she feel conspicuous wait in the hallway . a group of man , carry little white box , be leave the operate room . thanks be in the group . he see luh and go over to she . thanks what be you do here ? be anything wrong ? luh no .... I though ( pause ) I be afraid . thanks you be not clear for this precinct . let 's cross over first . thanks motion she down the hallway , and he fall in step a few pace behind she . luh speak to she without turn around . luh you slip on a t297 transfer just before lunch , do not you ? thanks ( not want to talk ) what ? luh on the cervix transfer , you almost lose the t297 . some man in color uniform pass they walk in the other direction . thanks be silent until they be go . thanks and luh pass through a series of door and into another precinct . thanks be angry . thanks what do you think you be do ? you be go to get we arrest . luh but ...you ... she fall silent as they walk through the empty cold hallway . thanks I can not work this way . I need something . I be lose control . luh struggle to remain calm . thanks I can not go on like this . I can not .... I do not just sit around and watch people . if I make a mistake , it 's all over . you see it every day . ( pause ) do you want to see I take away in piece ? luh I do not want to lose you . black 18 . cathedral a yellow eight burn through the blackness . a low voice be hear perform a ritual . voice .... and it all happen so slowly that most man fail to realize that anything have happen at all . the interior of a cathedral be slowly reveal . many people be kneel before the eight , and a monk in white robe be perform a rite . voice they have never know what all know within , that to know be not to know , not to know be to be know . to change be to circle without end . thanks and luh be kneel , solemnly involved in the service . voice to remain still be to flow with the will of omm . the breath of omm be infinitely slow , yet he breathes . avail thyselves ! omm move ! omm flow !.... let we pray . close angle the voice recite a chant , and the congregation repeat it . thanks watch luh as she repeat the chant . he be move . voice / congregation before omm be omm , after omm will be omm , within omm be omm , without omm be omm . omm be one . we be one , mass be one , all be one .... thanks lean over and whisper in luh be ear . thanks I do not want to lose you . luh turn and smile , take he hand . there be tear in she eye . he smile back , and she cannot stifle a rather loud giggle . they be both embarrassed . full angle no one in the cathedral seem to notice . voice Unity of mind , unity of think , unity of occupation , unity of omm a man . blessing of the state . blessing of the mass , thou art subject of the divine . when the ceremony be over , thanks go over to a chair in the corner and flip a switch on it 's arm . the cathedral , monk , and congregation all fade away , leave luh kneel in the empty hologram room . thanks what be you do ? luh I do not know . she rise , walk over and sit in the second hologram chair . they be both strangely contemplative , and sit quietly in the darken room for a long while . thanks what be I go to do ? there be a long pause . luh ( quietly ) if you .... if you go back on sedation , you will not feel the same way about I . you will report I for drug evasion . thanks I have get a slip movement to install on my next shift . I will never make it the way I be now . there have be three explosion already this .... his argument be more to himself then to luh . he look to luh , who be on the verge of tear . he realize he logic be of no help , and he go over to she . thanks I could not turn you in , not now . I .... I know I would not ! luh you do not know . you do not .... thanks if I take something , you suffer . if I do not , I stuff .... luh ( with grow excitement ) I know you can do it without sedation , you can , I know you can . thanks then what ? it can not go on forever . you know it can not . luh we could leave , and live in the superstructure .... there be a pause as thanks ponder this . luh .... my series be over , you only have one shift leave , do not you ? we could be go before we next series start . thanks be sit on the floor , hold he head in he hand . luh go over to he , and begin to caress he neck . she be cry . thanks it 's all right now , shhhh it 's all right . luh do not let they separate we . they love - play slowly become more and more passionate . they be awkward and unsure as they begin to disrobe one another . luh be embarrassed , and she begin to giggle , then laugh uncontrollably . close angle they be like child experiment for the first time .. there be something lyrical and new as they make love . there be a moment of fear for thanks as luh achieve orgasm ; something neither have experience with another person before . thanks be you all right ? luh ah ugh . she smile at he and they embrace , and rest . thanks be asleep when luh wake he with a start . luh they know . they have be watch we . I can feel it . thanks they do not know . luh they be watch we now . thanks no one can see we now we be alone . thanks momentary glance into the camera , seemingly at the theatre audience . preoperating chamber thanks enter a preoperate chamber . he nervous , but try to appear matter of fact . he be cleanse , and follow a religious preoperate ritual . a intercom voice be hear softly in the background . voice ..... this be a reminder of the precision which must be take at this stage . Three operate cell have already be destroy in this shift . mercicontrol be supervise all operation during this phase . prevent accident , and be happy ..... this be a reminder of ..... a door to the chamber open , and sen enter . thanks be somewhat shake by this . thanks what be you do here ? you be not clear for this area ! sen you know I have a way with the computer . I can clear myself for any area ..... almost . thanks I will report you . it 's .... sen listen to I .... you have no need to distrust I . we be go .... thanks get out of here , leave I alone . thanks start for the operate room . sen I have take care of luh ..... thanks stop short in fear . sen .... I have program she to level 5450 . her transfer should go through by the next series . you be go to need a new roommate . everything ..... a buzzer sound . thanks be force to leave the preoperate chamber . sen stand alone . operating cell corridor as thanks walk to he operate cell , he stop at a small red box on the wall . over the box be a sign which read : personal violation report close angle thanks take a small card from the box and punch hole in the mark area which read : s,e , N , 5 , 2, 4 , 1 . he run down a list of violation and finally punch : òillegal programming . '' he put the card into a slot in the box , and continue to he operate cell . operating cell thanks slide into he control panel as the operation begin . a component be pick up by the mechanical hand . thanks strain as the hand begin to move toward the half assemble chrome man . full angle in another cell of the operation chamber be a supervisor . he sit in front of a computer readout , tv monitor , and many electronic graph and gage . supervisor 1138 retract . sb4 talmod contract , retract to 220 . button be click , light flash , and gage near they warning mark as thanks struggle to manipulate the mechanical hand . sweat form on he forehead . thanks move the hand back and make another attempt at place the component . control CENTER a control officer , dress in yellow , sit in a large room fill with ten man , various radar scope , tv monitor , and large clear plastic map . the control officer be receive all form of report as two observer , below and in front of he watch tv monitor . a observer report to the control officer . observer we be receive a extreme respiratory count from a Magnum manipulator in operate cell 94107 . erratic visual behavior . control officer transfer control information . instantly , information on thanks be flashed on a large screen in front of the control officer . photo flash on and off the screen . they be take from all possible angle , include various type of x-ray , etc . observer 1138 file a violation report on sen 5241 immediately prior to ..... control officer violation type ? observer illegal programming . control officer check into it . ( pause ) current brain wave confirmation on 1138 . adrenal off point 74 or minus 6 . no doubt of severe sedation depletion ...... inform Magnum supervisor 9410 of procedure to mindlock and arrest . ( pause ) request mindlock for operate cell 94107 ; subject 1138 prefix thanks . one of the observer release a special safety lock on he control panel . the switch under the lock read : mindlock , danger : priority 3aa . operating cell thanks successfully survive several minor crisis . the stress and effort show on he face . the supervisor receive a report . control voice Magnum manipulator 1138 prefix thanks , operate cell 94107 , suffer severe drug violation . extent pend . 1138 subject to immediate arrest . mindlock pend . mindlock pend . the supervisor be greatly alarmed by this information . supervisor priority shift , repeat , priority shift . the situation here be critical . 1138 involved in critical mass maneuver . delay mindlock , delay mindlock situation white , repeat , situation white . hold ... hold ..... a high whining anthem - like piece of music be hear in thanks 's operate cell . the sound stagger he , and he freeze at the control of he panel . the component thanks be guide , continue to creep slowly closer to the chrome man . close angle the supervisor slam 's series of relay in disgust , and report into the computer . supervisor who permit this priority ??? this should not happen . ( pause ) immediate transfer of disaster responsibility to control officer 626 , as of time mark : 12/32/581 . repeat ; official obligation of responsibility ..... he reach for more sedative in a bottle near he panel . mo angle the critical mass component enter the open skull of the chrome man . spark fly , and the gage be now in the danger zone . the intercom voice be alive with panicked dialogue . voice clear .... clear .... 4444,4445 , 4446 .... eject ... eject ... eject .... all of the man in the operate room evacuate ; leave thanks alone , freeze at the control . thanks be aware of the situation , and struggle to break the power of the mindlock and stop the component . voice near destruct .... near destruct . control CENTER the observer be switch relay as the control officer true to get the situation under control . control officer ..... mindlock ! release mindlock ! relapse to command monitor . release mindlock . transfer obligation for responsibility to central monitor 898 . this center receive no evaluation of stasis . Control center 626 hold no responsibility ..... the mindlock anthem be replace by the voice of omm . operating room the component be at the point of destruction as thanks be release from the mindlock . omm everything be go to be all right . you be in my hand . I will protect you . everything be go to be all right . cooperate , stay calm , I be here to help you . ( pause ) everything be go to be ...... thanks carefully operate the control , and return the critical mass to it 's container . control voice relax you control . relax you control . report to con 5 immediately . relax you control ..... the voice of omm and controller blend in a hypnotic double talk . thanks sit quietly in shock as the voice on the intercom die off . CITY passageway the supervisor , and all the other worker from thanks 's unit be stand around in the passageway . a door open and thanks emerge accompany by a chrome policeman . they pass silently through the crowd of worker , who watch they disappear down the corridor . the worker start to file back into the operate cell . interior tram the interior of the tram look much like the interior of a very modern jet liner . there be about 50 people sit in high back seat . a few be talk to themselves . thanks be seat next to the policeman , still in shock . close angle slowly thanks begin to tremble and then suddenly stop . thanks luh ! he look wildly around the tram , and at the policeman . no one be pay any attention to he . he jump up and run for the emergency door at the end of the aisle . the policeman slowly get up and walk down the aisle to thanks trapping he against the door . full angle thanks suddenly slam open the escape hatch . the tram be move at supersonic speed through a vacuum tube . thanks be suck out into the tube . the open escape hatch seal itself immediately . close angle thanks be catch in a loud rush of sound and air as he float in free fall through the vacuum gravity - free tube . he begin to slow down . as he do , amber light on the side of the tube become more visible . suddenly thanks be suck into a smaller tube . observation cell a control observer be monitoring the interior of the tram . people be confuse , hysterical . a chrome- policeman try to calm they . the policeman report the situation , which be type by a computer . more information appear on the readout , and be relay by the observer . observer 1138 prefix thanks on warrant . drug evasion . fled tram in transit . surmise destroy . debris receptacle tv monitor light up room fill with scrap metal and other waste product from the tram tube . the monitor scan room 444 , then move on , leave the room light only by a few blue guide light . close angle thanks lie unconscious under a pile of scrap waste . he slowly pick himself up , make he way toward the wall . a low hum be hear and thanks drop into the waste as the monitor light up the room . full angle when it be dark again , thanks follow the wall until he see a hatchway high up the wall . he jump for the hatch .. but miss it and fall to the floor . he groan , roll over , revealing a bleed back . again there be a low hum and the room light up . observation cell debris receptacle 444 be see on a monitor . the screen go black , then another room appear , 562 . a control observer watch the monitor . close angle as the observer make adjustment on the control panel , he see something , flip on another monitor for a closer view . he switch over to heat transmission . full angle the observer see a move hot spot on the screen , mark it , blast it with a laser beam . a loud screech be hear . mo angle the control observer switch back to light transmission , see a dead animal the size of a large dog . he continue he scan . another room light up , go dark . debris receptacle thanks get up from the rubble , begin building a pile of scrap metal up to the hatch . waste continue to be suck into the room with a great rush of noise . close angle as thanks dislodge a large piece of twisted metal , a trap animal , like the one kill by the observer , be release and attack thanks . they fight roll through the debris . mo angle thanks strangle the beast . the hum of the monitor be hear as thanks tighten he grip on the animal neck . the light go on . thanks freeze , clutching the now quiet beast . observation cell the observer scan the room , think he see something .. switch to a closer shot , then to heat transmission . but he spot nothing move . debris receptacle the light go out . thanks relax , release the dead animal . he place a final piece of junk on the pile and attempt to climb to the hatch . close angle thanks be exhaust . he can not turn the wheel on the hatch . he climb down and find a long bar in the rubble . the tv light go on . thanks freeze . the light go out and he climb up the hatch , put the bar between the spoke of the wheel . full angle thanks hang on the bar , rotate the wheel as the hatch slowly open a muffle buzz be hear as thanks climb out and close the hatch . the tv light monitor go on . observation cell debris receptacle 444 be see on the tv monitor and the buzz become louder . the observer flip to a closeup monitor and scan the room . the buzz be now very loud , become a alarm system . observer seal break . vac debris receptacle 444 . entrance on con 65 . investigation in process . CITY superstructure thanks stumble through the concrete superstructure , obviously in pain . he reach a door , open it , revealing a individual modual express tube . low , sleek , auto-jet whiz by at incredible speed . they appear out of the blackness , shoot past thanks and disappear . full angle thanks rest in the express tube doorway . he be see on a tv monitor as faint intercom conversation be hear . he wait , try to get the courage to cross the tube as the auto-jet flash past he . close angle thanks take a breath , see he chance , race across the roadway . he be on the verge of unconsciousness . a auto - jet can be hear approach . he barely make the other side as the jet rush by . he drop into unconsciousness at the side of the roadway . observation cell a control observer be monitoring the expressway . observer maintain visual contact with thanks 1138 until 5.34 . lose contact at express tube 929 . surmise destroy . the observer continue to scan he area with no result . kitchen - thx's quarter the kitchen table be cover with a large pile of food . luh be operate several of the food cabinet , push button in some , take food out of the other . some of the color food sphere fall off the table , and bounce across the floor . she pick they up , hum tunelessly to herself . close angle she hear something in one of the other room , but continue pile up the food . luh I be in the kitchen , come and see ! there be no answer , and after a moment , she stop and listen . luh thanks ? she step into the mainroom and see that the front door be open . she be immediately frighten . luh thanks , please ..... very timidly , she step over to the bedroom and look in . luh .... answer . a figure step out of the shadow in the foreground . luh turn around and see he . she scream and become hysterical . it be thanks , clothes tear , bleed , and so distort he resemble a wild beast . thanks no ...no ... luh , help I .... help .... luh faint . thanks be barely able to stand , but he go to she . thanks luh !... help we .. omm , omm help we . he pull she into he arm and rock she . he be cry . thanks omm forgive we for we sin . save we . we be one , mass be one , omm be one . omm help we ..... full angle the front door open , and two chrome policeman enter the room . policeman ( voice of omm ) I be here to help you . relax . you have nothing to fear . I be here . the policeman pull they apart . thanks 's hand be tape behind he back . ( fade out ) CUT in : 38 . prison chamber silence a small black dot appear on a white background . it be thanks huddle in a white limbo prison chamber . he be fresh and clean . all of he cut and sore be go . close angle thanks be in a state of extreme terror . suddenly he flinch , shrink further into a ball , and peer out into the white void . slowly he relax , then tense again as he think he see something . closer angle thanks have not sleep in a great while ; which show in he eye .. he slowly drift into a light sleep . full angle thanks wake with a start as he hear footstep . panicked , he look in all direction try to discover where the sound be come from . the footstep become louder , and louder . thanks rise in tremble horror . overhead angle thanks run around in circle . he stop short as a chrome policeman appear hold a long electronic pole . thanks continue to run in circle as two more policeman appear with pole , and surround he . they slowly close in on he , occasionally prodding he with the long pole ; which make a electronic sound , cause thanks extreme pain . mo angle the policeman close on thanks until he be again a huddle , quivering ball . they stand over he , prodding he every few moment , until he begin to weep in desperation . full angle momentarily the prison chamber go blue , and the policeman return into the white void . thanks sit alone , cower in fear . t.v. image the screen be fill with a tv monitor long shot of thanks in the white limbo prison . he be sit with he foot spread out in front of he . we hear a off screen voice speak quietly with clinical authority and disinterest . os voice increase . the image change instantly to a extreme long shot . thanks be merely a dot in the center of the screen . os voice no ... here ... hold this down . the image change instantly to a close shot of thanks . he be in shock stare into the white limbo . he be talk quietly to himself . we can not hear what he be say . os voice . audio ... 2 nd voice audio be already on . thanks continue to speak soundlessly . 2 nd voice I can not hear he . 1st voice cortex bond .... possible temporary . before you report a possible equipment malfunction , you check the subject ....? 2 nd voice stress category . 1st voice correct. ( pause ) Origin ? 2 nd voice birth bear .... ummm ... sexact . 1st voice violation ? the number 3278-927 still appear on the bottom of the screen . 2 nd voice drug evasion with .... 1st voice triple three , triple three ! easy ..... 2 nd voice drug evasion with assort perversion 1st voice correct . now secure a sinex drop read . we hear a low throbbing sound , but thanks show no reaction . the word psynix - 4675 appear on the bottom of the screen . 1st voice a sinex drop read of less then 2000 degree with a accompany loss of great then 350 degree since admission may indicate ....? 2 nd voice permant cortex bond . 1st voice correct . thanks be still talk silently to himself . 1st voice this really be not a very good subject because with a cortex bond , we be restrict to about a quarter of the board potential . ..... all this over here be waste on he . see , we could run a system h..... watch . a pause , and then a high frequency sound be hear . thanks begin to twitch uncontrollably , become more and more violent , slamm up and down against the floor . he look terrify , but there be nothing he can do about it . 1st voice normally , there would be no visual evidence of a system H. we be not even get a read . the number on the bottom of the screen read 0000 . the sound change pitch , and thanks immediately huddle up in a ball . 1st voice hummmm ..... 2 nd voice what happen ? 1st voice see if you can get a read on tactal retention . try to estimate it without a meter read . the number disappear from the screen , and we switch to a closer shot of thanks . there be a pause . 1st voice be careful , now ..... thanks immediately slam to the floor , paralyze . his face turn bright red , and he appear to be in extreme pain . 2 nd voice ummm .. let I see ..... thanks open he mouth to scream , but make no sound . 1st voice hurry up . 2 nd voice 4732 ...? 1st voice too low . the number 6949 appear on the screen . 2 nd voice Control on . 1st voice no , evidently you reverse the polarity on he lobal travel . secure another sinex drop . thanks collapse into a heap , and start to quiver . the word psynix appear , but the degree rating be rapidly climb upward , approach 4000 . 1st voice 4000 degree be usually the point of ....? 2 nd voice vocasity 1st voice no , tetanty . thanks begin to scream soon after the number pass 4000 . the number keep move steadily until they stop ; oscillate between 7980 and 8040 . 1st voice it 's very rare to see a nurl bond dissolve like that . the number stabilize at 8020 . thanks be contort into a very odd position on the floor . he be release , and he crumple into a heap ..( tremble , and scream . ) 1st voice he 's back to normal now . organalysis theatre thanks be strapped and clamp to a analysis table , mount on gimble , similar to a operate table . he look daze , but fearful , and be extremely clean and well scrubbed ; almost raw . his head have be freshly shave . what we can see of the room around he be full of mechanical and medical apparatus - chrome and white enamel . we be in the midst of a examination , although no other people be see . mo angle a mechanical arm tip with a cotton pad be rubbed in thanks 's armpit . it retract , and another arm descend , inject a needle into he armpit . simultaneously , blood sample be be obtain from the finger tip , and forearm . the armpit needle have obtain a sample of clear limph fluid , and be retract into the ceiling . all this movement be accompany by the small , whirring , mosquito - like sound of tiny torque motor . close angle the arm descend again and fasten two strip of cellophane to thanks 's biceps . then a clear plastic tube be insert into one of he nostril , and he mouth be seal shut with a large black plastic clamp . thanks 's breathe become very difficult and he try to resist , but be powerless . we hear the sound of a pump and a pink fluid be pump through the tube and into thanks . closer angle tiny clamp be place around thxós eye and he eyelid be retract . two cup on long stem of color wire be lower and place on he eyeball . there be a slight pause and then the cup begin to vibrate . they stop then vibrate again . still closer angle the pump stop , and thanks 's other nostril be seal . we hear the pump again , only this time air be send through the tube . thxós chest begin to distend , and keep distend until it seem he lung can hold no more . the pump stop , and thanks exhales with one huge sigh . the cup on he eye also stop vibrate , and retract into the ceiling . the pump start up again fill he lung with air . this time the pump pass the where it stop before , and begin to strain . finally it stop and let thanks exhale . the tube be retract and he mouth be unclampe . his lip be quivering . extremely close shot two wire be place deep into thanks 's chest , and he heart begin to beat very fast . a arm with a extremely sharp stylus start to scrape a strange pattern on the inside of thanks 's forearm . Little bead of blood appear where the line be trace . a long flat needle descend and penetrate thanks 's solar plexus . when fully in , it rotate in eccentric circle for a few moment , and then retract , leave only a small drop of blood where it have be . close shot another arm with a razor - sharp scalpel move to thanks 's forearm and delicately incise a almond shape pattern on the skin . his heart , which have be beat rapidly , suddenly slow to almost nothing . the scalpel move beneath the skin and frees the almond shape section , lift it into a small vile , and lift it away . the two wire in thxós chest retract and he heartbeat return to normal . mo angle the entire process have be continually type into a computer . at this point , a read out activate ; which read : 1138 thx diognosis-compatable . rate : excellent . exception : Left kidney . ( see detailed index 24- 921 ) prison chamber thanks lie sleep . the sound of footstep wake he , and he jump up , crouching , stare into the white limbo . as thanks stare , a figure slowly appear out of the whiteness . it be luh . when she see thanks , she stop walk and stare at he . they watch one another for a long while ; finally thanks stand . thanks be you ... be you real ? luh ?... luh ? she rush into he arm and they spin in a embrace . they kiss . thanks be you all right ? luh look at he , frighten and unable to answer . thanks what do they do to you ? there be a long pause . luh I be go to have a child . thanks be alarmed . thanks no ...no , no . luh oh , thanks ... hold I , hold I , thanks hold she tightly , tear in he eye . they kiss , and luh hide she head in thanks 's chest . thanks it 's the end . luh I be not afraid ... I be not afraid . thanks it 's wrong ; so wrong , what we have do .... he drop to the floor , cling to she leg . he be cry . thanks I do not want this . how do it happen ? do not leave I ... stay here with I . she go down to he , embrace and comforting he . luh you have to be strong . ( pause , softly ) you be go to have a son . they both sit silently . she be rock he in she arm . extreme long shot they lie huddle together in the vastness of the white limbo . long shot they kiss mo angle they become passionate and begin to take off each other clothes . close angle they begin to make love . closer angle they make love . the same image appear over a tv monitor . voice neron activity have rise to +942 carbon rating + 22.3 . tri-base off .732 . contrast ..... the image return to the white limbo . thanks and luh be sleep , cuddle next to one another . faint footstep be hear , slowly get louder . luh wake with a start . muffled voice be hear . luh shake thanks awake . a man dress in yellow appear with two chrome policeman . thanks and luh freeze in terror , still half asleep . the robot grab they and pull they to they foot . man no person hold to service in one section under the law thereof , escape into another , shall , in consequence of any law or regulation therein , be discharge from such service , but shall be deliver up on claim of the party to whom such service may be due . luh be hold as thanks be take away . luh ( cry out ) thanks ! thanks ( scream ) no !... no !... he be struggle as he disappear into the whiteness . courtroom thanks be escort by two chrome policeman down a hallway and into a courtroom . it be rather dim and small - the twenty or so people in the room be light with narrow beam of light . thanks be seat in a large , highbacked chair . the proctor read the charge in a ritualistic , sing -song voice which be only occasionally understandable . proctor 1138 prefix thanks charge with violation index 3278.927 , appendix 445 to 613 . drug evasion , malicious sexual perversion , unconditional response and transgression . justice proceed . pontifex 606 preside . the pontifex be sit behind a high dais , with a large portrait of omm in the background . he make a ritualistic gesture . proctor begin . prosecutor mercicontrol respectfully place its evidence before you . he place four roll of computer tape before the pontifex . prosecutor 9198,5116 , and 1447 . this negative document be certified by a.n. - o,t.o. and register at file , tomb 34 . the Defense , sit in front of thanks , jump up and blurt out a quick sentence of partially inaudible phrase . defense .... nondrug , nondrug total excuse . 1138 be unstable condition ... not responsible for act . nondrug , asylum .... asylum . thanks sit quietly , with he head hang low . prosecutor mercicontrol respectfully submit a 5254 , immediate destruction , on the basis of a eco tr- X 314 ; totally incurable chemical imbalance with socially deteriorate consequence . defense reject , reject . inefficient unwarranted destruction . must be save ... mass be one ... can be productive . name of economics ; cure this soul ... malignant cure . there be a heritage of good and economic efficiency .... net gain . prosecutor insane . pontifex grant . prosecutor immediate destruction be the only efficiency . the crime be of secondary importance . the issue be one of genetic inferiority . this man be of womb . there be slight pause as a murmur go through the courtroom . prosecutor he be the product of a illegal sexual perversion and should have be destroy at the moment of conception . what be in question here be a concept in economic efficiency and procedure that have allow this erotics to exist and dilute this great society . defense inane...inane ... pontifex rejected . prosecutor the service perform by this erotics must be automated . if sexual perversion be to be stamp out , the product of this perversion must ... defense reject ...reject ... reject ... what be the prosecution do ? this be not a race issue .... not here . remember sanctity of the individual regardless of race . a nonresponsible act ... simple case . birthborn citizen be physically compatible with clinic type and must be consume , not destroy . econ equilibrium status 542 through 691 apply to case . defendant use , not destroy . case rest . he take three computer card and place they before the pontifex . prosecutor the perversion commit by this obsolete race have a definite corrosive effect on we society . if he be not destroy , he deviate characteristic will be transmit to other . we must not continue to consume this erotics . we must exterminate the source of sin . economics must not dictate situation which be obviously religious . pontifex conclude . prosecutor if 1138 be consume and not destroy , this perversion will spread . he must be destroy . it be the only logical , efficient , and righteous verdict which can be reach . the defense say nothing , only shake he head in dissent . the pontifex scan the room , then give the proctor a nod . proctor conclude . pontifex proceed . the proctor type the last bit of information into the computer . moment later , the computer readout activate . the proctor tear off the sheet and hand it to the pontifex . the pontifex silently read the verdict and then stand . pontifex ( solemnly ) omm be praise . all be one . praise be to the mass . the pontifex hand the verdict to the proctor as two chrome policeman drag thanks before the pontifex . he make a sign over thanks and mumble a prayer , then look at the proctor , who read the verdict . proctor 1138 prefix thanks stand convict of index 3278.927 appendix 445 through 613 . drug evasion 321 , 399 , and malicious sexual perversion . everyone in the courtroom be unmove and unconcern . thanks sit in a trance - like shock . proctor ...1138-thx be pronounce invaluable . the subject shall be consume as economics dictate . the defense give the prosecutor a triumphant glance . two chrome policeman take thanks out of the courtroom .. as he leave , luh be escort into the room by another door . they do not see one another . prison chamber thanks be escort through a white limbo area by a chrome policeman with a long electronic pole . shortly , they reach a group of nine other felon . the area be define by ten blue bed - each bed be actually a rectangular box equip to provide all the necessity for human existence . some felon be asleep , other be sit on they bed module , and a few be group together in a discussion . the policeman take thanks to a empty bed module and pound he long pole on the floor three time . a few of the prisoner turn and look . policeman thanks 1138 . the policeman turn and walk into the whiteness , leave thanks sit on he bed . the other nine man be : sen 5241 , pto 0340 ; nin 1969 ; twa 7070 ; dwy 1519 ; nch 0066 ; imm 9472 ; jot 1288 ; and trg 3442 . pto - a withere old man - walk over to thanks and put he hand on thanks 's shoulder . pto it 's all right ... you be safe now . thanks be totally depressed and completely ignore pto , who go back to he bed after a moment . thanks watch the other felon . nch be do exercise on he bed module . imm , a retarded woman , sit huddle in a trance , mumble incoherent phrase . her clothes be tear to shred and she be almost naked . a thin , delicate- look man be slightly remove from the group , painting large , red design on the floor ; he be jot . trg , a imbecile , sit on he bed module and every few moment break out with a hysterical , ear-pierce laugh . as thanks scan the group , he notice sen asleep on one of the module . thanks turn in disgust and try to sleep . dissolve to : 45 . pto be involved in a discussion with two of the other prisoner . one be nin , a middle - age man who be try to organize the rest of the felon in a escape . the other man in dwy - sad , nervous , and about the same age as nin . pto then why be they hold we here ? why do not they destroy we right away ? economically , it 's not sound at all . very much unlike .... nin I have say many time before , and I guess I will have to repeat it again for you ... dwy they be mad ...mad ... pto it be incalculably more destructive for you to believe you be about to be destroy then if you actually be destroy . we have get many resident on the verge of hysteria ! it 's get to stop .... you unpleasant .... dwy we be just wait to die ! nin calm down ! nothing can be accomplish in a ... suddenly , a scream be hear , and the group turn to see nch huddle over imm . trg and dwy both start over to rescue imm , buty trg reach she first . nch back off a short distance , make huffing noise . trg be laugh triumphantly at dwy , who go back to he bed and sit down . trg take imm in he arm and try to calm she . pto you always manage to avoid the issue : what 's wrong with we present condition ? we be comfortable and we have plenty of food ... I feel absolutely no threat because there be no threat . why incite trouble ? you should examine you emotion . it be senseless ... nin what be you talk about ? when do you sleep last ? do you know what you trouble be ? you be blind . you have be here so long you can not see what be happen . we must unite . we need unity . we need action . ( pause ) ) we have come to a time when we must .... twa , a rather fat man in he thirty , be pace around the area , measure the distance between the bed module . with no warning noise a policeman appear out of the whiteness , walk over to trg , pick he up by the scruff of the neck and take he away . trg be laugh as he disappear into the distant white . thanks have fall asleep ; dwy go over and attempt to comfort imm . nin and pto be still engage in they argument . dissolve to : 46 . jot be on he hand and knee , push a red , doughy lump around the floor . it leave a smeary trail behind it , and jot have work these red smear into a baroque design . the ball occasionally stick to the floor , and jot be have a difficult time with all the effort involved . suddenly , someone walk into frame and stand on the design , close enough to jot so that he have to stop work . all we can see be this person 's foot and leg . jot be exasperate and angry . jot please ... there be a pause . voice hi , buddy . jot look , will you please get off . you be stand on my work . another pause . the person nudge jot with he knee . voice hi , buddy . jot sigh , resign and disgruntled . jot hello .... voice ...... buddy ? jot buddy . the person get down on one knee and put he arm around jot . squeezing he hard . it be nch . nch I want to learn about what you be do , huh ? tell I something nice about what you be do . jot wince and struggle , but be catch even tighter in nch 's grasp . he begin to be afraid . jot ..... do ? nch yeah , what you be do , you know . the thing about you pervert be , you be always run around do thing . I want to hear something really nice . jot I be do .... work .... a space ... viable .... nch bend jot 's arm behind he and give it a twist . nch naa ... that 's not nice . you know that 's not nice . he slam jot against the floor and fall on top of he , whisper harshly in he ear . nch tell I something nice . jot be terrify now , and he be find it difficult to breath . jot ...... do ...... nch pervert ! he pronounce this sweetly , with a great deal of pleasure , but also a certain amount of menace . he become increasingly excited . nch damn insidious malicious pervert ! jot barely manage a gasp : jot help ! nch pervert . pervert . pervert . nch start tear off jot 's clothes . dwy be sharpen a small spoon with loving and tender care . he be try to conceal it from everyone else . nch and jot can be see struggle in the background and we can still hear nch mumble . nch pervert ! pervert ! pervert ! suddenly jot scream , and dwy look up . a chrome policeman appear , lead a well - build , intelligent - look youth of 14 . he stop , strike he pole on the ground three time and announce : policeman cam 5424 . he turn and leave . cam look around . everyone be silent except for jot and nch who be still fight . dissolve to : thanks be awaken by a figure stand over he ; it be sen . sen you be real ! where do you come from ? there be a pause and thanks do not answer . sen I know you turn I in . thanks be sit , expressionless . sen I be do quite well here anyway . ( pause ) what 's wrong with you ?... do not be like that . ( pause ) you be a stupid man ! thanks be sullen and annoyed at sen 's presence . they sit silently for a long while . finally , sen return to he bed module . nin and the new arrival , cam be engage in conversation . nin be try to get cam to sign a petition . imm be sit slapping she hand on the floor . nch be asleep and snore very loudly . dwy have be watch jot paint chase away . dwy go over to comfort imm . twa have construct a crude sextant , and be look with it into the vast whiteness . sen sit on he bed count stack of foam rubber food and multi-color capsule . thanks go back to sleep . dissolve to : pto , twa , and cam be engage in discussion . pto and twa look the same as before , but cam have begin to grow a stubble of hair . thanks be sit on he bed module not far away , listen . he be also still completely bald . jot be working off in one corner - he design have begin to encircle the group of bed module , and he quickly work he way off screen . cam be speak excitedly , as if he be make a series of demand . cam ..... without pity ! there be a pause , and twa shrug he shoulder and look away . pto rub he head . pto but ..... cam without pity ! he lie on he bed , as if to conclude the discussion . suddenly , twa notice something off screen and whip up the sextant that have be lie beside he . he hold it out and try to get a fix . everyone turn to see except pto . twa too fast ! if only I could see a fix point . he put the sextant down and exchange a disgruntled glance with pto . a chrome policeman walk into the area and go off screen . there be a pause and then the policeman return , lead jot away . jot be silent , but turn a number of time and look back as he be take into the distance . twa have take up the sextant again and be follow they as they disappear . nch have wake up . pto umm ..... he wave , try to catch cam 's attention . pto .... my friend ? you point of view .... cam be still look out after jot and pto finally lean forward and tug he sleeve . he turn to pto . pto ( remember cam 's name ) yes , cam . that 's it .... you point be well take ... cam , but it lack the balance that a broad and a deeper range of experience can lend it . when I first arrive here , I see thing as you do now . I be confuse and anxious about my predicament . I long to thrash out , to tear down , to destroy and annihilate ; to ravage , wreak havoc , and plunder . be basically level - head , however , I realize that my first goal should be to study this place , where what seem blind circumstance have place I . to follow the train of event and the ever-chang display of character that I see before I - of which I be of course a part - and to try to discern a pattern within the confusion . twa put down he sextant and listen , although it seem he have hear this speech many time before . cam be gradually fascinate by the old man - more by he air if calm assurance and the rhythm of he language than by anything he be actually say . in the background , thanks have begin to shave he head . dwy go over and try to help but thanks turn he away . nch have move over to the sleep imm and , without waking she , remove she last piece of clothing and lay she down on the floor . he quietly lie down beside she and start move rhythmically . pto I set forth on a program of study which continue up to this very day and which have afforded I a few glimpsis - if not actual insight - into the nature of the world around we . I never regret my youthful passion - quite the contrary , it provide I with the original spark which have since settle down to a comforting and endure glow . but I would caution you that spark - if uncontrolled - may leap into flame of senseless and disastrous action and consume what you be endeavor to conserve . he have address this last bit of advice to nin as well as cam . pto listen to the mumbling of a old man and bank that flame with earnest inquiry and honest observation . nin suddenly break in . nin mumbling be right ! he turn to cam . nin do you know how many time we have have to listen to that speech ? he jump up , excited and at a loss for word . nin do you know how many time ? .... we have have to listen to that speech ? he think everyone 's as stupid as he be . ( turn to pto ) you know what you be ? you make I sick . if we all think like you they could come in here and ... and ... do whatever they want ! pto smile and shake he head . nin stomp off in a rage , turn and yell at pto . nin sooner or later , you will be take away and destroy just like the other . he sit down on he bed and sulk . pto continue with he speech , completely ignore nin 's interruption . pto in the year to come you will be grateful for what may now seem like senseless sacrifice . with a passion such as yours , I do not think it would be foolish to say that you might see further and deeper than any of we , right to the heart of Truth herself ! pto emphasize he point by place he hand on cam 's knee .. there be a loud screech , and everybody turn to see imm sit on the floor howling like a two - year old . nch , who have be lie beside she , be slightly embarrassed and try to cover this up with bluster . he give imm a shove and strut over to he bed ; he begin he exercise . dwy get up from he bed and go over to comfort imm > dissolve to : 49 . imm , still completely naked , walk out into the whiteness accompany by a chrome policeman . the prison chamber momentarily go blue , and food trays appear at the base of the bed module . the man go to they food and begin to eat . sen go over to twa , and dwy go over and sit next to thanks . thanks be not eat he food . dwy you be frighten . you be frighten that at any moment you will be take away . I know , I have feel that way . I could not eat . I still have trouble . it go right through , all the time . I know all right , but I be better now . I can more or less regulate it . ( pause ) I do not think you can understand . ..... terrible , terrible , terrible .... I have be think about you . dwy wait for a reaction , but thanks continue to pick at he food , pay no attention to he . dwy you seem alone . I know . I have feel that way . at work ... they tell I I be a first class transport regulator . yes , a tram pilot . what do you think ? between level 3472 and level 3500 , module center 55 - the big one . a toilet : it 's a toilet . still , bad air be better than no air . and the time - table . shall I tell you ? twa have give sen part of he meal , and sen return to he bed with it . dwy watch he as he pass they , then turn back to thanks . dwy what ? ( refer to sen ) he 's not very friendly , be he ? he say you be roommate . be he always so ... strange ? all he do be save he food . he eat a little .... very little . he may die . ( pause ) of course , he may change . thing do change . I be the same ... ( dwy offer thanks some of he food ) have my plycron ... what do you want I to say ? ( he sit , watch thanks eat ) could we be friend ? ( whisper ) we could leave together . I have a plan . see this ? ( he take a spoon out of he shoe ) I be make it sharp . we will dig .. a chrome policeman arrive with another felon and dwy hastily hide the spoon in he pants . he seem to feel that thanks have something to do with the appearance of the policeman and he watch thanks suspiciously . policeman oue 6662 . the policeman leave oue stand with a totally blank expression on he face , saliva drib from he mouth . he be in a deep catatonic trance . thanks lie on he bed and turn he back to dwy . dwy I should have know ... you be with they . you want .... dwy get up and go over to oue , who be still stand where the policeman leave he . he sit he on a bed and begin to talk to he . most of the other felon be asleep . dissolve to : thanks be sit on he bed , look as if he just awoke from a deep sleep . pto and cam be in the middle of a history lesson and cam be recite from memory with a certain amount of difficulty . his hair be now moderately long . cam then sle and rnh , who come between prt and mnh , but not before alf , frg , and mlk . alf , frg , and mlk go before SAM , rng , nur , and klm . then rrg , stk , oun , and flt . and after they come ....came .... pto four quick felon prepare the bed module to be clean . cam be perplex by what pto have just say . cam huh ? pto repeat , emphasize each word carefully and separately . pto four quick felon prepare the bed module to be clean . four : F ; Quick : q ; felons : f..... he look delightedly at cam , who repeat the sentence to himself . cam four....quick .... felon prepare . ( understanding ) frk , qum , fln , psk , and tel ; bgl , mlt , trn , brk , and cls . thanks look up and watch nin , who have begin to stride around . pto yes , fine ! you see , history be not only important , it can be fun as well . nin suddenly burst in . nin I can not believe it ! ( mock ) mrk crk trk srk brk ..... what do you think happen to mrk and crk and trk ? where be they now ? I will tell you where .... no where . nch wake up . nin you know what I want ? idea .... one idea , one idea could get we out of here if it be the right idea . you know what I mean ? not a bunch of fact . who even know if they be fact ? he probably make they up in he sleep . the time have come to act . thanks get up and start to wander aimlessly about . no one notice he . nin we have just get to be sure it 's the right idea . but we will find it . we will know it when we see it . I will know it when I see it . clear and straight forward and plain as the nose on you face . nch walk over and punch nin in the face . nin fall down , hold he nose in pain . nch return to he bed module and use the toilet . thanks be slowly move further away from the group . pto ( to cam ) of course it be true that no one have ever return once they be take away , history tell we that , but it be idle to speculate about the reason why and absurd to torture oneself over a idle speculation as nin be do . nin have in fact destroy himself many time over with worry . loo 3122 , who have take away not long before you arrive , believe that he be go to a wonderful place where he would be happy , and in so believe he create a veritable paradise for himself right here . unfortunately , not all of we can have the positive conviction of loo , but thankfully not all of we be burden with the ominous forebodings of nin . I myself have find that concentrate ... pto stop speak as a chrome policeman appear out of the white . the policeman walk past thanks , who have wander quite a distance away , and head for the group . he stop at nch 's bed module and take nch by the arm . nch suddenly give the policeman a crumpling blow and knock he to the floor . he then jump gleefully on he head , partially cave it in . when he finish , he return to he bed and watch the immobile body . another policeman appear almost instantly and take nch by the arm , lead he quietly away . nch grin triumphantly as he pass thanks . nin that 's what I mean by the wrong idea . pto and cam resume the discussion , unconcern by the presence of the policeman 's body . thanks listen for a while . pto I be not go to try to prove the usefulness of history , it be genuinely too obvious to need proof . we see before we innumerable scene , like what we just witness , that succeed each other in endless repetition . where we see the same fault follow regularly by the same misfortune , we may reasonably .... he pause and point at cam 's long head of hair . pto do not you think you could do something about that ? it 's very distracting . cam be a little embarrassed and run he hand through he hair . pto ... we may reasonably think that if we could have know the first we could have avoid the second . the past should enlighten we on the future , knowledge of history be no more than a anticipate experience . sen , with great effort , have drag the body of the policeman out to the edge of the bed and leave it there . thanks have venture further and further away from the group . the voice have be become less and less audible until we hear only fragment : nin ( shouting ) you be wrong ! they be go to destroy he ! and then we hear nothing at all . a chrome policeman enter the group of bed from the opposite side and take the body of the first policeman away . thanks be puzzle that there be no device stop he from go further . he become increasingly frighten but decide to continue . the group of bed be only a small dot in the distance . dissolve to : 51 . nin and twa be stand look off into the distance . nin I can just barely see he . I think he 's leave . twa impossible ! pto come over and peer into the whiteness . pto I do not see anything . dwy and cam join the gather at the edge of the group of bed . pto I can not see he at all . he 's be destroy . twa no , look ! Three degree from the central azimuth . nin he 's free ! can not you see : he 's free ! cam I can see he . he 's come back . pto where ? oh ... there he be . he must have be stop . ( to nin , sarcastically ) do not you think ? dwy he be stop . he be stop . now what be we go to do ? nin he 's come back for the rest of we . he can not make it alone . twa I wonder how far he go . he 's gather invaluable information out there . pto the reckless fool . I be not responsible . thanks approach the group . nin what happen ? dwy what stop you ? twa how far do you go ? be it cold ? pto you have nothing to fear . you be safe again . thanks walk past the group , ignore they , and lie down on he bed . they all start for he . nin wait ! I will talk to he . twa ask he about the air . he look out of breath . nin go over and sit on the edge of thanks 's bed . thanks do not acknowledge he presence . the other felon return to they bed . nin can you speak ? can you hear I ? thanks lie quietly , try to sleep . nin I want to help you . you can help we . here , take a biscuit . thanks give he a annoyed look . nin you understand I , can you speak ? dwy come up to the bed . dwy I think he 's deficient . nin I do not think so . why do not you go find something else to do ? dwy then why do not he speak ? can not he hear ? I do not think he know . loud yell be hear and dwy and nin turn to see sen and cam struggle on the floor . they roll against oue 's bed , knock he on the floor , where he lie motionless . twa pull cam away and sen scramble back to he bed . cam he take my food . he steal it . twa now , now . dwy go over and lift oue back onto he bed . nin turn back to thanks . sen ( yell at cam ) I think you be through with it ! nin we can not stay here and allow ourselves to be destroy . you can work with we . a organize plan of escape must be devise first . could you see anything ? ( pause ) you want to leave . you be not like they . you must have leave something , or someone . thanks wince at the question . nin a plan ..... a organization . I will see to it that we all get out of here safely . as soon as you give we a detailed description of the barrier , we can begin . information be the key . we must concentrate on gain information . you be with we , I know . I have a contract .. he take a piece of paper out of he shirt . thanks lie silently , apparently asleep . nin all it say be : you be with we . we can only make it together . we must convince the other . ( pause ) well , later , then . nin leave . thanks open he eye and ponder the incident . dissolve to : sen be busy clean he bed area . cam be help twa build a crude telescope on the edge of the bed area . dwy be sharpen he spoon . thanks be sit on he bed with he head in he hand .. nin and pto be involved in discussion . pto 's mind be wander as he trys to follow nin 's train of think . nin without most of we realize it , a " new alignment " have be form ... and it be a exciting , healthy development .. this alignment be already a new majority ; it will effect the future of we all for generation to come . we need a new unity , but not a unity which discourage dissent . we need dissent . he touch pto to emphasize the point . there be a pause . nin but we need a creative dissent . we voice be not join in any harmonious chorus , but the difference be difference of emphasis , not of fundamentals . now , the new alignment 's great need be to communicate with all its element , rather than march along in parallel line that never converge . tomorrow as we focus the new movement more clearly , we will gain a new unity . pto what ? a policeman appear out of the white with a three foot high , hunch back , long-haire freak . the policeman pound he staff three time . all the felon be dumb-founded at the sight of the freak . policeman a nondescript : 364-1399284 the policeman exit ; the freak stand helpless and frighten . sen what be it ? nin good Lord ! pto ( proud of he knowledge ) a shelldweller . they live in the outer shell of the city . quite unique , there have be two here before . they smell . twa interesting .... twa cautiously go over to it to get a closer look . when he get close enough he poke it . the freak let out a shrill screech and hobble as fast as it can away from twa . it jump up and land on dwy 's lap . dwy be paralyze with fear as the freak clutches to he with all he strength . the freak look at dwy with sad , helpless eye . dwy come out of he shock and throw the freak onto the floor . dwy get .... get away , get , get , get , get away .... the freak hobble off to a empty bed and huddle in a ball at its base , quaking with fear . twa start for it again . cam leave it .... for a while . cam and twa go back to the telescope . nin and pto return to they conversation . thanks lie quietly on he bed . sen continue to clean he area . dwy sit on he bed . he be cry . dissolve to : 53 . cam be at the telescope , aim it into the whiteness , in a apparently futile search for some concrete object . twa be at he side . twa there ! twa point and cam move the telescope in that direction . cam no , nothing . twa point again . twa there ! cam nothing . thanks be also stand at the edge of the limbo , not far sway , stare out at nothing . twa and cam conclude they search after a few more fruitless attempt at sighting something . nin and pto be have another discussion . nin I think that a leader must , whenever he possibly can , make the decision for more knowledge rather than less , but he must also have the wisdom to limit freedom so as to insure freedom . that be what will keep we strong and give we direction . twa and cam come over and sit down . pto well ? twa out of a random selection of 150 location with 150 possible sighting , there be 146 absolute negative and four conditional , most of which occur in the early familiarization stage of the experiment and can be largely discount . pto not very encourage . twa on the contrary ! it absolutely prove what I have always feel . we be locate in a apparently uniform space with no visible limit . we be just now beginning to push back the cloud of ignorance and perceive the truth . we must continue the search . nin I have always tend to believe that this kind of knowledge be all well and good in its place , but anything can be take too far , and when you have get everyone look off into telescope and not tend to business right here , then , I believe , we have go too far . thanks have notice a policeman approach the group . he turn and go back to he bed module . twa the sighting of a fix point beyond we confines be fundamental to all other problem and issue . it would instantly determine whether we be , whether this world be , in fact , move or stand still . the policeman enter the area and walk over to dwy , who have be sit quietly on he bed . twa lean over and whisper to cam , and as the policeman lead dwy quietly away , they return to the telescope . nin I have be think seriously recently about the role we be expect to play as individual and as a unit within the broad outline of society . he address himself to the whole group . nin each of we , of course , feel very strongly as a individual , but I think we could all agree that there be something here that bind we all together . in this way , we be a whole make up of different part . but in the way that each of we relate to all of we together , all of we together be but a part of society as a whole . no one be really listen to he . nin now I come to my point : each one of we can be in unity with the rest only if there be a leader who can the unify . when posterity judge we action here it will perhaps see we not as unwilling prisoner , but as man who , when face with the choice , prefer , for whatever reason , to remain as non-contribute individual on the fringe of society . we must not let this happen , gentleman . the choice be there , make no mistake about it ! nin look around , try to elicit a response . nin we must first choose a leader to unite we together , and then venture out and return once more as contribute and vital member of the great organism of society . nin 's speech have be increasingly passionate , and end on a note of triumphant exhortation . the freak begin to cry ; everyone else be silent . twa , who have not be listen to the speech , be still sighting through the telescope . twa aha ! dissolve to : 54 . cam be shave he head while pto be give he a history lesson . the freak be crouch in the background . pto ...... because of the great pressure and bad air , they never attain a height great than four foot although some of they be ferocious fighter and show great courage and skill . whether they be descendant of that who lose they - selve in the superstructure , or whether they be actually a separate race , no one can tell . they depend on they strange appearance and peculiar smell to fend off any intruder , and they make the city shell a most unpleasant place in which to be lose . the authority tolerate a moderate amount of they at any one time , but they must be keep under control with occasional sweep campaign , which be probably where this one come from . cam ( repeat the lesson ) because of the great pressure and bad air , they never attain ... twa , who have be busy make calculation , suddenly burst in : twa I have get it ! astound ! pto what ? twa no one could have imagine anything one - thousandth as fantastic as the sober fact uncover by patient inquiry . this world be in a state of static-mobility : we be at the same time move and stand still . nin that 's the most ridiculous thing I have ever hear . twa it may seem ridiculous to the untrained mind , but if you be able to interpret the calculation you would see that a apparent paradox be actually a perfect and elegant system in concept and design . a policeman approach the group . twa however , for myself there be a great deal more that I would like to know . why be this world as it be and not something else . why be this world here at all . it be true that at present I have no clue to the answer to question such as this , but .... the policeman enter the group and walk over to cam , lead he away without a word . nin ( to pto ) there go another of you disciple . pto it seem I be destine to endure many frustration .... but at the same time I be secure in the knowledge that the thrust of my study have be in the right direction , and that even if it remain incomplete , my search have not be in vain . pto watch cam be lead off by the policeman . pto we life be brief and powerless . on all of we , the slow , sure doom fall pitiless and dark . blind to good and evil , reckless of destruction , omnipotent authority roll on its relentless way . condemn today to lose we friend , tomorrow ourselves to pass through the gate of darkness , it remain only for we to cherish , before the blow fall , the lofty thought that ennoble this little day ; disdain the coward terror of the slave of fate , to worship at the shrine that we own hand have build ; undismay by the empire of chance , to preserve a mind free from the wanton tyranny that rule we outward life ; proudly defiant of the irresistible force that tolerate , for a moment , out knowledge and we condemnation , to sustain alone , weary but unyield , the world that we own ideal have fashioned despite the trample march of unconscious power . thanks look into the void . there be tear in he eye . dissolve to : 55 . the blue meal buzzer go off and the man eat . dwy try without any result to get oue to eat something . the freak be very protective of he food , and be very sloppy when he eat . sen eat only a small portion of he food , and put the rest in he bed module . he then go over and sit with thanks . sen what be the freak do ? he chew , but he do not seem to eat . the longer it stay , the great the mess . nobody lift a finger . be not anybody go to get rid of the damn thing ? ( pause ) all of its leaving be pile up . thanks be eat , unconcern with sen 's problem . sen I can not do a good job . as soon as I get thing clean up .... it 's hopeless , a hopeless task . ( point to the other ) I be go to tell they I have have it . they do not know any better . countless diversion . decide where we be . argue about leave . try to determine the future . ridiculous . what about keep thing livable here ? now ? ( pause ) can not hide anything . I can not put anything aside . nothing can be save , nothing .... can be hide . they be beginning to go into my corner and look for thing . they thing . they be my thing ..... they be go to take it all . I know what they be plan . after all my save , starve ... there must be something else . do not you agree ? you be calculate ... sen be stop by the bang of a policeman 's staff . policeman luh 9998 thanks be startle by the felon 's prefix . thanks ( quietly , almost involuntarily ) luh ! ....... he turn to see a older , quiet-looking man . the policeman leave and thanks slump in depression . sen ( casually interested ) what happen to she ? do you know where she be ? why be not she here ... ( pause ) what be you think ? thanks be obviously think about something important . he seem to have make a decision . nin be sit with oue , try of get he to sign he petition . thanks I be leave . sen what ? thanks turn to sen with a very determine look . thanks I be leave . sen when ?..... how ? thanks right now . sen but you can not ... you . thanks start to walk out of the area and into the whiteness . sen wait , I be come too . sen run over to he bed and start stuff surplus food into he shirt . nin come over to he , point out at thanks . nin ( agitate ) what 's go on .... what be you do ? sen we be leave . nin what ? sen we be leave . nin who ? who 's leave ? sen thanks and I . nin but you can not . we must escape . the new alignment . the plan . the organization . sen 's shirt be bulg with food . he have wrap more food up in a piece of cloth . as he start to go after thanks , nin grab he arm and try to restrain he . nin wait .... sit down , let 's talk about it . you can not just do this on you own . we must present a united front ... gather more pertinent information ... plan have to be make . sen break away from he , and some of the food spill out of he shirt , bounce across the floor . he run after thanks . nin think of the new alignment . what be you do ? ( yell ) you can not do this ! pto , twa , and luh join nin on the edge of the white limbo . they watch sen and thanks walk off . nin we must escape . we have plan . we can leave . we must wait until ... twa incredible ! nin 's yell fade as sen and thanks venture further from the group of module . eventually , the bed disappear completely . thanks and sen be alone in the white . white limbo extreme long shot thanks walk briskly through the white . sen follow a short distance behind , occasionally drop a cube of food . long shot thanks and sen be sit , rest in the vast void . sen be eat . thanks be think . mo shot they be walk . sen seem to be have a difficult time . sen the air be get thin . ( pause ) or the pressure be get great . it 's the pressure . how do you feel ? thanks be not listen to sen sen my ear feel funny .... be you sure this be the right direction ? they walk until sen drop on the floor , out of breath . sen it 's the air . it 's close in . I can not stand it any longer . there 's no room . no air . thanks go over to he . thanks I have not get time . you can stay here if you like . thanks start off into the white . sen no ! sen get up and follow after thanks . sen it should not be this far . they walk on . suddenly thanks stop short . sen what ? thanks look ! he point to a black dot in the distance . sen oh no ! they stand for a moment , watch the dot . thanks it do not seem to be move . they start walk in the direction of the dot . sen look , he 's wave ... it 's a man . he 's wave . soon , they be close enough to see the man be a negro mannequin , srt 5555 . he begin to walk toward thanks and sen . they be frighten , and stop walk . srt approach they . srt hello ... hello . where do you come from ? both thanks and sen be speechless . srt well , it do not make any difference , I guess . he notice sen 's food . srt what 's that ? food ? good , I be starve . do you mind ? he take a piece of food from sen 's shirt . sen be freeze with fear . srt begin to eat . thanks what be you do here ? srt I be lose . thanks ... and you be not lose now ? srt ( mouth full ) no , I ... sen you know the way out ?! srt ( chew ) um hmm ... thanks which way ? srt ( swallow ) that way . he point in the direction from which thanks and srt have just come . sen that 's where we be . srt maybe you be travel in circle . that 's the way out . thanks how do you know ? srt look more closely . out of the whiteness a row of faint beacon flash . the man start off in that direction . as the beacon become more distinct , the man break into a trot , then into a run . sen trip and fall , send food bounce in all direction . sen wait , help . srt stop to help he up . thanks wait until they catch up . the three of they run out of the white limbo into a dark side area . they stop to catch they breath . sen there be nothing there . srt look at thanks and smile . they walk along the edge of the white until they reach a door . srt it could lead anywhere ... thanks put he ear to the door . he hear nothing . sen no ... let 's not ... srt open the door , revealing a extremely crowded hallway . the roar be deafen . CITY mainway the man stand look into the river of people . thanks point to a red door on the opposite side . thanks ( shouting ) let 's head for that door . the three man be engulf by the move people . fearful of be notice , they be tense as tv camera scan the crowd . they struggle to fight the swift current . sen begin to panic as he become separate from thanks and srt . the shuffle of foot be so loud that sen 's cry be not hear . thanks see sen drift further and further away , but he be helpless to do anything . thanks yell at srt who be directly ahead of he in the stream of people . thanks we have lose sen ! srt what ? thanks lose sen ! he will never find we . srt too late .... stay close . thanks and srt make it to the opposite side of the hallway . they move along the wall until they reach the door which read : " reproduction Center 35 no entrance " sen helplessly disappear in the distance . he scream , but cannot be hear as he float through the hallway . thanks and srt enter the reproduction center . control CENTER a row of observer sit at they monitor , as a control officer , elc 3433 ( dress in yellow ) , enter the room . he walk over to one of the observer and be hand a stack of report tape . he take the report to he desk and begin to listen to they . the control center seem relatively calm . reproduction CENTER srt and thanks be sit in a large room illuminate by blue light and fill with large jar . the jar contain human embryos . srt ... it do not matter . the rest of it just do not happen . thanks what be you talk about . how do you know ? I need she ! ( to himself ) I need she . she need I . I have get to get to she . srt maternity ward , huhh ! thanks we will never make it through that mainway ... I wonder what happen to sen . ( pause ) I be crazy ! this whole thing be crazy ... what be I do ? my mind be full of so many thing I can not think of anything , anymore . ( annoyed , to srt ) who be you ? srt who ? I ?... I do not know . thanks what kind of answer be that ? srt I do not know . thanks ( very fast ) you have to !.... I be 1138 thanks Magnum manipulator 347 cell 94107 precinct 3 residence : level 6421 complex 12 ramp 5 . roommate 3417 lu ...h. srt oh , that ! I be 5555 srt entron .. thanks ( angry ) I do not care . srt get up and look around the embryo room . he take one of the jar and remove it from the shelf . thanks it 's all she fault !... she put orinase in my sedation . srt look at thanks and put the jar back in its niche . thanks how can I love she ? srt go over to a control panel and begin to inspect it . he discover a maintenance entrance to the computer . a small sign on the door read : " reproduction control computer maintenance . " no entrance . use no electrodevice beyond this point . " srt look ! thanks go over to the computer . srt pull the door open . thanks no ! a alarm go off , and a record voice be hear . voice you be engage in a unauthorize procedure . check cybernetic manual F - 45 . if you do no have a F - 45 , you be in violation . this be a double a restrict precinct . remain where you be . authority will arrive shortly . thanks you should know better than that ! thanks look up at a tv camera . the two felon be see on a tv monitor . cathedral the Cathedral be a vast , dark , and empty hall . dimly perceivable be strange- look camera on large dolly ; cable be strewn across the floor . at one end be the portrait of omm and the huge figure eight . a door open slowly at the far end of the hall and let in a shaft of light . the air be fill with dust . sen enter through the door , mark " sag - 68y personnel only . " his bag of food hang limply and he be exhaust . slowly and cautiously he move down the row of strange shadowy device . from the dark background there be occasionally a glint of polished metal or glass . amber safety light be space evenly along the unseen wall . every sound he make echoe throughout the empty space . he stand for a long while in front of the portrait of omm . in the background , only dimly see , be huge card read : " before omm be omm , after omm will be omm , within omm " etc .. he toss the bag of food on the floor ; one red sphere roll out and come to a stop . he look at it and smile wryly . sen they take everything ... and then they be go to take my food . he say this as a matter of fact , not try to excuse anything . sen my food .... I be afraid and I run away . the portrait of omm look down silently . sen I know it be wrong , omm . I want to go back ... I want to do the right thing . I want to go back . the sound of footstep be hear , and sen turn in panic to see who it be . computer interior thanks and srt run through the labyrinth of electronic circuit panel . thanks begin to show sign of exhaustion as they run through the row of electrode . close angle thanks stop to catch he breath . srt disappear around a corner . thanks run to catch up , but when he reach the corner , he discover srt have disappear . he go alone . control CENTER in the control center elc receive a report . voice ..... and two inmate have fle detention block R , habot 92 . they have be miss for approximately 3:32.16 hour . the report be simultaneously type into a computer . voice 1138 thanks and 5241 sen . relay current position . elc appear calm and unconcern as he speak over the intercom . elc we have a u65 on a k8 . transfer all unauthorize contact in precient 688 con - G to this center . mode 7. instantly , the computer readout activate . elc report into a intercom . elc request two pb848' : officer 1999 and 2187 . proceed with recovery operation of felon 1138 thx and 5241sen . current position reproduction center 35 , precient 688 , con - G . report when felon be in custody , revise position : hold .... felons have enter maintance area of reproduction control computer 35 - b4 . transfer . elc turn to watch a assembly accident on one of the monitor . cathedral sen be peer into the shadow . just barely visible , stand on the other side of the cathedral , be a white robe figure . voice ( echoing through the hall ) this be not the place for prayer . sen show no surprise and say nothing . voice if you want to speak with omm you must go to a unichurch , you know that . sen ( to himself ) yes .... voice what ?.... be you in any trouble ? sen no ... no ... I be all right . I be go now . sen pick up he bag and start for the door . the white robe figure , which we can now see be a monk , stop he . monk be you sag ?.... what be you number and prefix ? I be go to have to put this in you record . sen no ... I will just leave . monk ( hold he ) I be sorry , I have to report all intruder ..... where be you identification badge ? sen ( look at he lepel ) I lose it . monk you be in violation . I be go to notify the authority . this be beyond my jurisdiction . the monk turn to leave , and sen grab he , knock he to the floor . sen no! give .... give I time . sen begin to beat the unconscious body of the monk . slowly , he stop and then slump , hold he face in he hand . sen omm ... omm what have I do ? he take the body in he arm , and then go through the monk pocket . he find some pill and take they . computer interior thanks be stand at the intersection of three computer hallway : puzzle . he turn to see a chrome policeman come around the corner at the other end of the hallway . mo angle thanks run down a corridor away from the policeman . exhausted and trap , he discover a open between two electronic panel , and squeeze into the cramped hide place . full shot the robot stop a short distance from where thanks be hide . another policeman join he . policeman we need assistance . electroscan impossible . must rely on visual sighting . request three additional officer . elc Assistance priority request file . continue with operation . the policeman move off down the hallway . when they footstep fade , thanks poke he head out of he cubbyhole . mo angle thanks run through the electronic hallway . he stop at a exit ; a hole high in the ceiling with a ladder in it . suddenly he hear someone come . he jump for the ladder and miss , landing on a heap on the floor . close angle he be about to make another leap when someone grab he from the rear . thanks faint and collapse on the floor . control CENTER photo and file history of thanks and sen be project on the large screen . elc be speak into a dictaphone , and he request be instantaneously type into the computer and onto the screen . elc .... and both felon be locate in reproduction center 34 . apprehension pend . priority shift for 3 additional officer delay . subject will be return to ..... he break off he dictating as a report come through on he headset . voice priority shift grant . officer 5254 , 9696 and 1970 dispatch to con G . elc it 's about time ( into intercom ) . Three additional officer enroute to assist in operation . advise at time of apprehension . tram station sen be riding in a almost empty tram . there be only one other passenger - a man asleep about four row behind he . the tram come to a stop and a announcement be make over the PA system . announcer termination of exurban link - dd neck 08 . this tram will return to central web in five minute . there be a soft hiss and then silence . the man in back of sen wake up , look around , then fall asleep again . sen get up and cautiously leave the tram . full shot outside , the tram station be desert and only partially complete . there be corridor lead from the station , but this too , be unfinish . the station be light only by dim work light . the sound of run water be hear . close shot sen very timidly begin to explore one of the corridor . the wall be solid , uneven rock , cover with plastic sheet . many tube and wire be lie on the floor , lead off into the distance . occasionally there be a strange- look tool drop against the wall . mo shot sen come to a section of rock that be steaming . there be a strong draft blow past he toward the tram station . as he round a corner a strange volcanic sound come from the depth of the unfinish corridor . suddenly a large rat scamper past he and into the uncompleted shaft . close shot sen be terrify and at the same time intrigue by what he be see . he stop and listen . he hear the sound of the tram pressure valve close up . full shot he look back , he cannot see the tram and he be instantly overcome with fear . he run madly around the corner and down the corridor . the tram be till there . he reach the tram just as the door begin to close . control CENTER one of the observer report to elc . on he tv monitor two chrome policeman fuss over the body of the slain monk . observer I have a unusual report - a nonaccidental death . be there any felon report in section 692 con F ? elc no , the close thing I have be in con G , they could not have do it . relay to analysis . he think to himself for a minute . elc ( to the observer ) ... let I recheck .... ( he type into computer ) ... backlog on case 6178821150 . the computer readout activate . elc I have a unexplain discrepancy . a description of one of the felon trap in reproduction center 35 do not match he Harris profile . transfer any unauthorize contact for a radius of 30 section . relay . the computer readout activate . narrow passageway thanks lie unconscious on the floor of a hallway , fill with pipe and tube . srt be look down through the ladder hole watch a policeman pass under he . thanks begin to regain consciousness . srt I be sorry ... I do not mean to frighten you . thanks look around and realize he have be move out of the computer . thanks how do you get I up here ?... it be very hot and sweat form on thanks 's forehead . there be a large rumble and the entire passageway vibrate . srt what be that .... thanks must be a expressway .... you do not have to stay here , you know .... srt what have you do , cut you hand ? thanks I be all right thanks rise and they begin to walk along the passageway . at the end of the hall be a small metal door , a sign read " level 842con G , division of plastic , vendable manufacturing station " the door be jamme and it be difficult to open . finally the latch snap and the door swing open . school plaza sen be sit with he head in he hand . along one wall be a school with window face the plaza . Children be play various game in the center of the plaza . one group form a human labyrinth and tow child play tag in it . two child be stand apart from the other , one be adjust a strange device of the other 's arm . after a few moment one child approach sen . child my inducer fall off . sen ( look up ) what ...? the child hold out he arm to sen . a small blue plastic pouch have detach from the underside of he arm . he point at the other child stand in the background . child 3114 knock it off . sen ( confused ) oh ?.... child he do not mean to . sen take the pouch . printed on it be the word " Advanced primary economics 5867h " it be fill with a creamy fluid which be drip slowly out of the plastic tube . child look out ! he grab the pouch from sen and pinch the tube shut . child ( angry ) what 's the matter with you ? the other child have come over and be watch . sen I be sorry ... let I see it again . the child reluctantly give he the pouch and sen be careful to keep it upright . stick out of the child 's arm be a small plastic receptor tube . sen fit the pouch 's tube into it . the child look at sen . child what be you do here ? where 's you badge ? sen ( busy with the pouch ) I be a escape felon . the two child look at each other wide - eye . the second back off a little . first child you be not ! why be not you arrest ? sen look up and smile and motion the other child closer again . sen I be wait to be pick up . here , hold this ... he hand the second child the first 's pouch and tear a strip of cloth from he shirt . he tie it around the arm hold the pouch secure . sen there ! the two child be fascinate , know whether to believe sen or not . second child what 's you name ? sen sen 5241 second child I be 3114 and he 's 1112 sen hello .... ( look at the pouch ) how be that ? any good .... first child ( shrug ) o.k. sen when I be in school it be all different . we have to lie in bed all the time . advanced primary economics be a bottle about this big .... ( he indicate a football size object ) it take a week . child wow ! plastic factory thanks and srt pass by large stack of the three dimensional hexagon that be sell in the commercial plaza . eventually , they enter a cold , blue - light room fill with dead body lie on metal slab . the eye and torso of many of the body be cover with a blue plastic film . mo angle thanks sit quietly on one of the empty slab . srt wander through the dead body , occasionally lift the cover and look underneath . thanks take a cube of food out of he shirt . he consider the possibility of not offer any to srt . thanks would you like part of this ? .... it 's not much . srt ( refer to the body ) all the inside be go ! thanks begins to eat . srt do you know all the inside be go from this people ? thanks continue to eat , not respond to srt . close angle on one of the slab be a body with a particularly large head . srt this one must have be a genius ! srt inspect the head . srt ... yes , definitely smarter then the rest . he move along to another body which we recognize as dwy . he have no cloth over he eye . srt this one have eye . ( ( sardonic ) why do they leave you eye ? could you ever .... thanks ( recognize dwy ) no !.... thanks go over to dwy . thanks ( sadden ) I know he . srt soon he will be a plastic cube . thanks ( angry ) shut up . srt go over and lie down on one of the slab . thanks remain with dwy 's body , ponder he fate . srt you a fool ..... if you continue after luh , you will end up here . forget she . you can not go back . thanks wearly climb onto a slab , just as a door open and a figure enter . both thanks and srt freeze in terror . mo angle the figure begin to staple plastic tag on the ear of the body , check a list as he go . as he work , two more figure enter with a cart and lift the tag body into it . control CENTER a tv monitor focus on sen sit in the school plaza . elc we have lose contact with 1138 . a unidentified felon be travel with he . will transfer further information when available . observer Visual contact with 5241sen . .... habot 25 con -h , ps947 . elc switch to another intercom . elc request pb848 : officer 1088 proceed with recovery of felon 5241sen . current position habot 25 , con-h , ps947 . observer negative sweep of con - J , section H. elc try closer to the reproduction center . school plaza sen be still sit with the two child . he listen to they attentively . 2 nd child ( correct ) no ... impress on each of we . 1st child that 's not how it go . 2 nd child yes it be .... sen go on . 1st child ..... there be no other rational alternative in this way . we eliminate the economic function generate by the contrast of separate but compatible energy . 2 nd child element ! compatible element . 1st child energy . as the child argue , sen notice a policeman approach they . he stand up , and the child stop argue and look on in wonderment . close angle the policeman tape sen 's hand behind he back . sen look at the first child .... sen you be right . 1st child ( to second child ) see ! 2 nd child he do not know . the policeman tape sen 's mouth and eye and lead he off . the child continue to argue about the word . plastic factory close angle the figure with the staple gun approach the slab on which srt be lie . a death tag be staple to he ear . he do not even flinch . the figure continue along the row of body , near thanks . full angle the figure staple a tag on thanks 's ear . his body jerk with pain , the figure jump back with a yelp . figure with cart what 's wrong ? thanks and srt jump up and run to a side door make a quick exit ... the figure stand in shock .. mo angle thanks and srt run furiously down a long hallway ; there be two door at the end , one of which be lock . close angle four or five man enter from the end of the hallway , thanks try the second door , which open and they rush inside , close and lock the door behind they . observation cell they be in a small cramped observation cell . thanks we be trap . srt take a tool from one of the control panel and smashes a tv monitoring eye which have be observe they . close angle thanks be fumble desperately at the control of the master board . a series of image flash rapidly across the tv screen : tram in transit , people eat , factory , hallway . full shot srt be feel along the wall for a removable panel . srt that 's a waste of time . thanks continue push button , and a medical operation appear on the screen . thanks ( to himself ) that 's not it . srt ( unconcern ) no ? thanks adjust some dial and more image appear on screen . thanks there !...... there ! he lock in a wide angle view of a maternity ward and start switch close shot to close shot , search . srt come here and help I , we have no time ..... srt be unscrew one of the small panel . he manage to get it off and look inside , ( a mass of wire and circuit board . ) obviously not a escape route . stare back from the circuit be a pair of small red eye . a hiss and scuffling sound be hear as the eye disappear . srt turn to thanks , but thanks be completely absorb in the monitor . srt get up and continue to prowl about the small room , examine thing , push a occasional button , unscrew various control . srt the only way out seem to be the way we come in . srt push another button and the voice of omm be hear . omm this be omm . everything be fine . you be in my hand . I will protect you . co-operate with mercicontrol . they only want to help you . everything be go to be all right . srt manage half a smile and shake he head . thanks finish he examination and slump back in he chair , daze . thanks she 's not there srt no ...... ( Long pause ) she 's dead thanks ........ thanks ( shouting ) you do not know that ! srt all right ... srt go over to panel and look at the control . srt get up for a second .... thanks get up , not know what srt be up to . srt push some button and dial in a image . srt there ... the image on the screen be a bottled human embryo about three month old . it be alive move slightly . thanks be speechless . srt remember this ...? thanks where 's luh ? srt look more closely . on the bottle we can see print : 8888 sexact . maternal : luh 3417 . paternal : ( surmise ) thanks 1138 . srt that 's all that 's leave of she besides something like what 's in the next room . there 's a long pause . the embryo turn its head .. thanks ( quiet but intense ) no ...no you be wrong . srt I be only try to help you . thanks jump up , push srt across the room and into a panel of monitor . there be tear in thanks 's eye .... thanks ( shout ) you be wrong . thanks slump into he chair . srt get sup and go over to he . the embryo be still on the monitor . srt I be sorry . thanks what do you want ? srt save yourself .... srt retract the monitor to a full wide angle view of the reproduction center . thanks 's son be lose among thousand of embryo bottle . srt ... life seem very natural , once you have be bear , but , for the unborn it be a frightening mystery . it be not easy to choose life if you have never live . control CENTER elc receive a report over the intercom ... voice observation booth 649 , division of plastic , con h he flip to another channel . elc request 2 pb848' : officer 4242 and .... ( he check he computer readout ..... ) ...2284 . proceed with recovery of felon 1138 prefix thanks and unidentified companion . current position : vendable manufacturing Center 92 . observation booth 694 . precinct 331 . con H. report when felon be in custody ..... observer no visual contact in ob 649 . elc that 's allright . they be not go anywhere . ( he speak into he dictating machine ... ) ... research into advanced relay system must be give more attention if any ....... observation cell various human drama play themselves out over the tv monitor . on one of the screen , and operation be in process . voice heart 6g , lung 35 or , liver defective , kidney - right-641a ... on another monitor we see a small crowd of people stand in the morgue . srt just look at all that people . thanks I think of something ..... they be interrupt by a intercom voice . policeman voice gentlemen , you have nothing to fear , everything will be all right .... full angle we see two policeman outside the observation cell talk into a small intercom on the door . a group of about five or six people be gather at the end of the hallway to observe the scene . policeman stay calm , the door seem to be jamme or lock ; please check the lock on you side . we be not go to hurt you . everything will be all right . the policeman try the door again , but it do not open . one policeman take a pen-size tool and begin to burn a hole around the latch . policeman stay calm ........ close angle thanks madly type into the computer , he speak into a intercom .... thanks repeat .. fire in observation 649 ..... all system .... he turn to srt ; they smile at each other . thanks get ready ... srt go over to the door and grab the lock . over the intercom a record voice be hear . voice discontinue all operation .... the robot stop and look at one another puzzle . voice repeat..discontinue all operation . correct procedure be essential ... stay clam .. evacuate this complex ... the onlooker begin to panic . srt yank the door open and one of the policeman tumble into the booth srt and thanks run head - long into the other policeman , pin he against the wall ; he fall to the floor , daze from the jolt . control CENTER a row of light on elc 's panel light up . elc report ! policeman' voice felons now flee section .. elc hold .... ( to a observer ) mindlock precinct 331 con h general area ... mindlock ..... plastic factory as thanks and srt run toward the onlooker , the crowd start to disperse , panicked . the high whinning score be hear and suddenly everyone freeze in motion , thanks and srt continue run , slow slightly , but they be not affect by the mindlock . full shot one of the policeman be help the other to he foot and report to elc .... policeman mindlock stabilize , felon unaffected . Pursuit instruction . we have be inform to discontinue operation , be this correct..confirm .. control room a man place more report on elc 's desk . elc ( to policeman ) continue pursuit , disregard previous instruction , proceed . elc flip to another channel . elc mindlock impossible . subject suffer ... total chemical imbalance . mindlock completely disrupt . request destruction clearance . stand by . the computer readout activate . elc ( to policeman ) proceed to dispersal center 21 . project route of flight will be transfer . modual dispersal CENTER thanks and srt make they way into a large , cavernous room . it be a transport center at peak hour , and many people be pour into the area . close angle thanks and srt thread through the crowded disperse center as the policeman struggle to locate they . the felon be sweep toward the tram system . srt signal to thanks . srt this way ! they fight they way through the crowd , away from the tram and toward the individual autojet . tv monitor scan the center . close angle thanks and srt become separate in the push crowd . individually , they reach a row of the massive jet-power vehicle . a policeman begin to move toward the autojet area . full angle thanks get into a autojet . srt be at the other end of the parking area and a policeman be between he and thanks . srt climb into a autojet , careful not to be notice by the policeman . mo angle thanks start he car with a ear-deafe roar . he turn the car out of its parking space and begin to coast out of the center , past srt 's car . close angle srt be have difficulty start he car . on the dashboard , a red light flash : engaged . he be slightly comic as he try to deal with the incredible array of switch and button . full angle the policeman be approach as srt continue he struggle to start the car . suddenly , the powerful jet star and the car uncontrollably lurch forward at great speed , crash head - on into a wall . the car begin to smoke . close angle thanks have be watch in he rear view mirror . he put on he break and turn to look back . full angle srt can not be see in the smoking car . the car light go on and then off . the car explode into a ball of flame . close angle thanks bury he head in he hand . express tunnel thanks 's autojet roar through a express tunnel . two policeman on sleek , exotic jetbike round a corner with beautiful precision . calmly , relentlessly , they pursue thanks . mo angle over he headset , thanks listen for police report . the message on the channel be routine . thanks must constantly fight to maintain control of he car . he can see the two policeman follow on he radar scope . close angle thanks hear a strange noise come from he car . he try to find the source of the sound , and momentarily lose control of the car . full angle the car swerve and scrape the wall of the tunnel . close angle thanks see the policeman gain on he radar scope and push he car even faster , make it even more difficult to control . the policeman momentarily drop back . the loud noise in he car begin to get worse , and he check he gauge . the policeman slowly begin to gain on thanks . full angle the car bobble as thanks have more and more difficulty keep it under control . a part fly off , cause one of the jet-bike to swerve . the policeman lose control of he bike , tumble across the roadway and bounce off the wall , part fly in all direction . close angle as thanks 's speed increase , the engine heat up , move the indicator into the danger zone . thanks look for a switch to cool the engine . he be now experience serious mechanical trouble . one of the engine be make a very loud screeching sound . finally thanks flip the right switch , and the temperature needle move out of the danger zone . the struggle for thanks to maintain control of the machine almost become more terrifying and important then the pursue policeman . full angle tension build as the jet car and the jet bike race at incredible speed through the maze of tunnel . as the car pass level marker , we realize thanks be rise up through the city . finally he reach level 10 . close angle thanks pick up a new object on he radar scope come from the opposite direction , head directly toward he . suddenly a control voice break in over radio head set . voice stop you vehicle . officer be approach from both direction . stop you vehicle . you have nothing to fear . omm everything will be all right , you be in my hand . you have nowhere to go . I be here to protect you . you have nowhere to go . you have nowhere .... thanks continue ahead , as the dot on the radar scope begin to close . full angle thanks round a corner and see a faint light ahead of he . his autojet continue to blast along the tunnel roadway . close angle thanks begin to panic as he watch the dot ahead of he and behind he close on the scope . control CENTER elc watch he radar scope as the dot converge . elc I do not understand . he 's not stop . ( into another intercom ) be scope 621 give a accurate read ?.... fine . just check . Officer 3333 , abort .... abort .... abort ... express tunnel the policeman get he new order too late and thanks 's autojet collide with the on come bike . the jet bike be throw over the top of the car . thanks lose control of he car and skid to a stop against one of the wall of the tunnel . close angle thanks be shake , but no hurt . full angle the jet bike which be follow thanks hit the wreckage of the first bike and tumble end over end through the tunnel . close angle thanks get out of the car and run down the roadway . light appear in the distance . thanks press against the wall as a autojet rocket past he . he begin to run again as a crash be hear in the distance . full angle two policeman pass the wreckage on they jet bike . thanks find a door on the side of the tunnel and enter . CITY superstructure thanks run through the concrete superstructure . one of the policeman stop at the entrance of the superstructure and the other one continue through the express tunnel . the policeman enter the superstructure and begin to search for thanks . close angle thanks be become weary as the policeman methodically search for he use a thermoviewer heat detector . thanks stop to rest for a moment . he be cold , shaking . he hear something . full angle out of no where , something jump on thanks 's back and knock he to the pavement . it be a long-haire dwarf freak , similar to the one in the prison chamber . mo angle they fight violently and thanks eventually get the freak by the neck and begin beat he head on the concrete until it be dead . thanks be exhaust , and lie on the pavement try to catch he breath . close angle thanks be lie next to the carcass of the freak . he hear a sound and look up to see more freak approach , stare at he through the darkness with firey eye . thanks scramble to he foot and run as fast as he can . the freak attack the carcass he have kill . full angle the policeman be join by another and they methodically search through the superstructure . thanks run until he reach a metal ladder which work its way up into the city shell . he begin to climb , each footstep echoing as he foot hit the metal rung . close angle the policeman hear thanks and immediately get a fix on he . they head for the ladder . thanks reach the top of the ladder and be stop by a large metal hatchway . he struggle to get it open . full angle the policeman begin to climb the ladder , they foot resounding throughout the superstructure . control CENTER elc read a computer readout . elc officer 9641 and 2242 discontinue operation . report to thermal station 62 . present operation compute to be economically unfeasible . it be predict that 1138 thanks will self - destroy . repeat : abandon present operation . dispatch to level 56 con - R thermal station 62 , investigate toxic chemical leak . one of the monitor show a industrial accident . elc become involved in another case . CITY shell the policeman be stop at the head of the ladder . they look at thanks , who have open the hatch , and they acknowledge the message . he watch they disappear , they footstep echoing in the distance . close angle thanks go through the open hatch and continue on until he reach a small chamber with a circular door , slightly ajar . a unnaturally bright light flood through the crack in the door . mo angle thanks be obviously afraid of what lie beyond the door . there be a moment when it look as if he may turn back . eventually , he make a decision and throw the hatch open . full angle he stand bewilder , virtually bury in sunlight . thanks climb out of the hatchway and stand shield he eye from the sun . end credit : fade out : the end