ticker written by Paul B. margolis original draft : 11/10/97 1 ext . metropolitan CITY - downtown - late night 1 hot summer night . the flesh district - hooker work the sidewalk , stop car . mike reilly , 20 , pace a corner , restless , look for action ... wet hair , three - day beard , trenchcoat , sneaker , heat - seek weary eye . he flash a wad of bill in a effort to get some attention ... no one notice . across the street , bill rice , 50' , a rag transient , stroll over . rice know what the problem be , kid ? you be too ugly to get proposition . reilly look who 's talk , old man . rice c'mon , it 's a quiet night . Rice start away . Reilly pause , then trudge after he . 2 ext . sidestreet - night 2 Rice and Reilly pull donut and coffee out of a bag , talk with they mouth full as they walk . rice next week we work the park . reilly I gotta get back on top . get off the sleaze detail . rice you will , one day at a time . I will be old and grey when it happen ... 11/10/97 2. they share a grin , pass a bag lady who wear a pie-tin crown , hold she hand out to a pimp get into a cadillac . bag lady a small gift , sir , for the Queen ... the pimp ignore she , screech off . the bag Lady pull out a pad , add he license number to a list , glance up at Rice and Reilly . bag lady ( cont . ) I keep a record , see ? they do not pay , I do not forget . Rice fish some change out of he pocket . rice here you go , you highness . bag lady thank you , officer . she push she shopping cart away . Rice and Reilly look at each other , crack up , surprised she know he be a cop . reilly so what will you do ? after they give you the gold watch . rice Hell , I get a gold watch ... it just do not work . maybe they will give I a new fishing pole , or something useful . reilly you do not fish . rice how hard can it be ? the grand kid be buggin ' I about take they camp . 11/10/97 3. reilly you outta the city ... that 's a fish out of water . what 's with all this family talk lately , anyway ? rice one of this day you be gonna get tired of fight the shit . when that happen , you will wish you have family . reilly no thanks . I get close but it never woulda work . they stop beside a dirty , beat - up studebaker park in the alley , climb in , Reilly behind the wheel . 3 inside the studebaker 3 clutter with debris - clothes , box , personal item . Reilly jiggle the ignition - the engine cough and sputter , finally turn over . rice why do not you just shoot it and put it out of its misery ? reilly what be you talk about , it 's purring like a kitty . rice I think you say what 's - she - name 's brother be go to fix it . reilly she do not work out , have to cut she loose . rice what be it this time ? reilly she want to cook I breakfast . 11/10/97 4. the White Van appear up ahead and turn into a seemingly desert building 's garage . Reilly and Rice exchange a glance as they wait to see light come on in the building . they do not . two flashlight beam criss cross through the window of the building briefly , then disappear . they hear a brief heat argument , that be cut short abruptly . then silence . reilly ( cont . ) c'mon , let 's check it out . rice we be vice , I do not see no pimp or hooker in that van . but if you be so gung - ho , we would best call it in for some back -up . reilly Nah , let 's just take a look -see . Reilly jump out and head for the building . Rice roll he eye , follow . 4 int . build - night 4 a huge , old , batter machine shop . spooky darkness , dead quiet . moonlight filter in through dirt - smear window . the door creak as Reilly and Rice slip in , stop , eye scan . nothing . just row of glisten machine . Rice gesture for Reilly to spread out . they head in , footstep echoing , shadow wash over they . still nothing ... deeper , deeper ... then , glance over , Reilly see a shape hide behind a machine . he step towards it . the shape whirl - a beautiful spitfire of a girl with pierce blue eye . she try to bolt . Reilly grab she . she struggle , pull a knife , slashes he arm , draw blood through he trenchcoat . 11/10/97 5. reilly ow ! son-of-a-bitch . he punch she full force in the face - she collapse , knock out cold . Rice rush over . rice you okay ? reilly yeah , just a nick ... then , over Reilly 's shoulder , Rice see a dark silhouette emerge from behind a machine . Rice draw he pistol . rice freeze ! Police ! as Reilly whirl , the silhouette raise a mac-11 . Rice shove Reilly aside as the silhouette open FIRE ... dive for cover , Reilly fling back he trenchcoat , whip out he 9 mm and return FIRE at the silhouette , blow the shit out of window behind , spark shower off machine . silence for a instant , Reilly look for Rice and find he bleed to death on the floor nearby - he be completely expose to the line of fire . the silhouette and another figure OPEN FIRE on Reilly . swan , 40s , crazy - brilliant , manic eye ... and one of he man , pale , sweaty , wear a earring , 30 , continue the barrage . swan fire one shot at a time at Rice , deliberately aim not to kill he , try to flush Reilly out . Rice scream as bullet rip into he leg . Reilly try to reach he but can not , shot force he back . a dark - eye man with a beard appear in the b.g. and stealths towards Reilly from behind . 11/10/97 6. Reilly ' face be in agony as Rice moan in pain . he glance urgently from the gunman to the exit behind they , to the girl lie next to he -- what 's keep they there ? obviously the girl . she stir . desperate , Reilly grab she by the hair , shove he 9 mm to she head . use she as a shield , he drag she in front of Rice to protect he . reilly ( to gunman ) Drop it ! swan 's eye flare . he step out into the open , gun aim at Rice , eye lock murderously on Reilly . swan let she go . Reilly cock he hammer , finger tremble . the girl stiffen , terrify . beard emerge behind Reilly . deadly silent , he raise a automatic , try to get a clear shot between machine ... swan ( cont . ) no , the girl ! Reilly whirl , see beard , shrink back to stay cover . earring ( to swan ) we gotta get outta here ! reilly ( to swan ) tell they to drop it - now ! a deadly stalemate . faraway siren wail . 11/10/97 7. swan you have no idea how sorry you be go to be . ( to the girl ) do not worry . beard smolder , earring sweat . keeping they gun up , the three man grab tool bag , work they way to the alley door and slip out . the moment they be go , Reilly quickly handcuffs the girl to a machine , kneel , cradle Rice . rice Mike ... reilly do not talk . rice take you time ... one day at a time , kid ... Rice take Reilly 's hand and pat it on he wristwatch . rice ( cont . ) it 's all I get ... it 's yours . reilly it do not work - rice ( grin ) ai not that a shit -- Rice 's eye go blank , he exhales he last breath . Reilly wince , eye welling up . his gaze move at the girl . the girl stare uncomfortably , a blink of sympathy steal past she hard exterior ... 11/10/97 8. 5 int . police headquarters - morning 5 look numb , out of place , Rice 's blood still on he trenchcoat , Reilly walk in , weave through a chaos of ringing phone , overworked cop , suspect be book . cop look up , whisper about he . turn a corner , Reilly bump into a bulldog of a cop , harry , hustling the girl out of a book room . she 's get a shiner where Reilly hit she . the girl and Reilly make eye contact , intimate somehow , a flash of vulnerability and fear in the girl 's face ... harry hey , Reilly , Captain 's look for you . Reilly snap out of it , continue on . Reilly nod as Harry hustle the girl away . 6 int . captain office - day 6 behind he desk , a work - weary captain , winter , 5as , suck coffee as he grill artie pluchinsky , 40s , a slick suit - and - tie homicide detective . winter print ? pluchinsky nothing so far . winter what about the ballistic report ? pluchinsky Lab 's back up , we be still wait for it . Reilly walk in . 11/10/97 9. reilly Captain ... winter Reilly , what the hell happen out there ? why do not you call for back -up ? reilly ( at a loss , sad ) Sir , I - - Reilly look at he watch ( we notice he 's now wear Rice 's watch ) . he tap it , listen to see if it 's tick . winter ( contíd ) ( soften ) dammit , Rice be a good man , reilly I want to work this . pluchinsky you be vice , not homicide . besides , you do not have the experience and you be too personally involved . reilly but sir -- winter you know the rule . you be off the street `til i.a.d. clear the investigation . now go home and clean yourself up , get some rest ... Harry barge in , dump a bag of personal effect on the desk . harry she will not talk . look at this shit , no i.d. , nothing ... Reilly pick up a twisted plastic- wire bracelet . 11/10/97 10 . pluchinsky what 's that ? harry bracelet she be wear . reilly look like the stuff my dad use to use to blow up tree stump back in scranton . pluchinsky maybe she know you old man . Reilly sear into pluchinsky . winter take it down to the bomb squad , artie - reilly I will do it . winter eye he for a beat , relent ... winter okay , kid . run this down to the cave . Reilly spin and exit quickly . 7 int . police station - basement - day 7 emerging from a dingy back staircase , Reilly enter a hallway and move to a door a door mark " bomb squad . " 8 int . police station - " the cave " - day 8 Reilly enter into another world - a dungeon cluttere with bomb paraphernalia , defuse equipment , a dog house , ping - pong table , sheryl crow pin- up , Chicago bear poster , yassir Arafat dartboard , a photo-shrine to dead bomb squader . a plain , fresh - face assistant , bev , 30 , look up from she computer station . 11/10/97 11 . bev May I help you ? reilly I be look for the bomb squad . bev they be not here . reilly where be they ? bev and you be ...? reilly Officer Reilly , vice . bev there out on a call , perhaps I can help you - reilly - where ? bev 2600 block of lakefront . a limousine . but , I - reilly thanks . Reilly sprint out . bev try to finish but he 's go . 9 ext . CITY street - day 9 the studebaker cough and smoke in and out of traffic . 10 ext . lakefront STREET - day 10 a young , uniform police officer stop Reilly in front of a cordon - off section of the street . 11/10/97 12 . reilly ( flash badge ) bomb squad . the Officer nod and move the barricade out of the way , Reilly hit the gas , rumble through . the studebaker swing past a fire truck , a ambulance , and two squad car . two officer stand near a building with a worried businessman and he chauffeur . Reilly park 50 yard from a limo stop in the middle of the street . a bomb squad van and sleek black harley davidson park beyond it . Reilly hop out , head cautiously for the limo pooch , 5as , a barrel - chest ex-football player be on he hand and knee look under the limo . Red rubber ball in hand , Hawaiian shirt half - tuck in , he lead around a equally scruffy labrador retriever , schnoz . pooch smell anything , schnoz ? I , neither . t.j. , 20 , a country boy inspect the open trunk . glass , 40s , clean - cut , straight - lace , easy - go smile , brilliant leader of the team , step lightly around the open driver 's door . pooch ( contíd ) ( cont . ) schnoz , come here , boy . t.j. shhh , I hear something .... Reilly stand off 25 foot . Glass notice he . glass who the heck're you ? 11/10/97 13 . reilly you the bomb squad ? t.j. no , we be terrorist , stay back or we will blow . glass we be a bit busy at the moment , I will give you a statement in a few minute if we be still alive . reilly ( flash badge ) Reilly , vice . I - t.j. quiet ! Glass and pooch step lightly to the rear of the limo where t.j. have discover a shoebox wedge next to the spare tire . t.j. lean down , put he ear to it , nod . t.j. ( cont . ) ticker . pooch lift up schnoz and hold he over the trunk . schnoz sniff the shoebox , whine . pooch schnoz say it 's load . good boy , schnozzie . pooch lower schnoz back to the ground throw he the red ball , and trot back to the van , climb up inside and sit , watch . glass alright boy , look close . let 's assess . Glass , pooch and t.j. take a beat just to look at the shoebox . then , Glass nod for Reilly to move away . 11/10/97 14 . Reilly take a few step back , watch as the team work together - Glass in charge - a psychic connection between they as they pass tool back and forth like surgeon . pooch whadaya think , " boy " or " girl " ? Glass put on magnify spectacle -- precise , organize , a detail freak as he use a wooden probe to test the box for wire , sensor . as the other watch , Glass rub he fingertip ritualistically and carefully ease the top off the box . he reach in ... grab something ... slowly pull it out ... it 's a mickey mouse alarm clock doll , a clump of unlit firecracker tape between mickey 's leg . the bomb squader whoop and howl - all except pooch who pull out a pack of tum , shove half of it in he mouth . glass it 's a " girl " ! they all crack up , hysterical . Reilly stare in disbelief -- this guy be nut ! 11 moment later - at the bomb squad van 11 in the b.g. , the officer finish get a statement from the businessman as the still - worried chauffeur inspect the limo . t.j. and pooch load they equipment into the van as Glass fill out paperwork . t.j. that guy 's wife must be pretty piss off to play a trick like that . 11/10/97 15 . pooch no shit . I better send meg flower just in case . t.j. and pooch share a laugh as Reilly approach ... reilly who 's in charge here ? pooch point to schnoz . pooch he be ! reilly look , it 's important . t.j. make a appointment . reilly it 's about this . Reilly hold up the bracelet . Glass take it , frown . glass where do you get this ? reilly off a girl 's wrist . a suspect ... t.j. p.e.t.n ... reilly what ? glass High - grade det cord . this girl , either she 's get strange taste in jewelry or she 's into serious demolition . 11/10/97 16 . reilly what do you mean ? Glass whip out a blast cap from he utility belt , cut off a piece of the bracelet , plug it in . pooch Fire in the hole ! Glass toss it into a sewer drain . a beat , then a small explosion , smoke billow out of the gutter drain . the nearby officer jump , alarmed . the bomb squad guy laugh . Glass wave to the officer . glass sorry about that . ( to Reilly ) that 's a inch of the stuff , imagine what the whole thing would do . reilly thanks . he grab back the bracelet , turn to leave . glass hey wait a minute - Reilly jog back to he studebaker , climb in and roar off in a cloud of dirty smoke . t.j. vice ... Jesus . pooch that would be some explosive pussy he 's get he hand on . pooch and t.j. share a laugh as Glass shake he head , climb on he harley . the other pile into the van . Glass kick -start he hog and rumble away , van follow . 11/10/97 17 . 12 int . bar - day 12 thin crowd of day - time drinker . earring walk in , move to a booth where swan and beard be eat . earring pull out a gallois ( french ) cigarette , light up from a book of match . earring they be hold she downtown . swan what about the cop ? earring shrug . beard if you would let I waste he . earring what if she talk ? swan she will not . beard I say we split town . come back to this job when thing cool . we have get other contract - Denver , Seattle ... swan slam he fist down , spilling food . no one in bar even look up from they drink . swan I want she back and we do the job . beard I think we agree , the personal can not interfere with the professional . earring besides , we be on a schedule and the cop will not let she go . 11/10/97 18. swan unless we make they . earring hey ... earring stare uneasily . swan and beard look up , freeze . a pair of patrol cop be head directly towards they . earring reach under he jacket ... swan grab earring 's arm , calming he . the cop keep come , then at the last moment , they veer leave and slide into a booth . swan nod , they get up and casually slip outside . 13 int . police station - squad room - day 13 Reilly hurry in , interrupt winter and pluchinsky talk over pluchinsky 's desk . reilly Captain - a officer shout from across the room , hold up a phone . officer Captain , line one ! winter ( to Reilly ) I think I tell you -- officer he say it 's important , something about the Rice shoot . winter snatch up the nearest phone . winter winter . 11/10/97 19 . he listen , facial expression change , get tight . winter ( cont . ) what ...? he punch a intercom button - the whole room stop , look up , as swan 's voice come over the squawk box . swan' voice I say release the girl or alot of people be go to die . winter signal frantically for the call to be trace -- cop spring into action . swan' voice ( contíd ) ( cont . ) it 's exactly two o'clock . if she 's not release in one hour , people die . winter wait , what do you mean --? click , the line go dead . winter slam down the phone - no chance of a trace . winter ( cont . ) shit ! pluchinsky what the hell be that ? reilly a tick bomb ... winter what ? reilly ( hold up bracelet ) it 's detonation cord , for a bomb . 11/10/97 20 . pluchinsky it 's a bluff . the guy 's full of crap . winter we can not take the chance . Ring down to the bomb squad . I want they on alert . reilly I will do it . winter goddamit , Reilly -- reilly look , I see this guy , I can i.d. they . winter I know you be anxious to get back but ... just stay out of homicide 's way or I will have you classify fingerprint , understand ? reilly yes , sir . Reilly take off , pluchinsky glare . 14 int . the cave - day 14 t.j. be hunch over a twisted mess of wire , untangle they . pooch taste-tests dog biscuit for schnoz , then feed they to he , as he talk to he wife on the phone . Glass be dissect the mickey mouse clock . pooch no , honey , I be fine . yeah , well , you be welcome . you deserve flower more often . bev glance longingly at t.j. as she give Glass a neck rub . glass bev , you be the great ... 11/10/97 21 . t.j. hey , I be next . t.j. wink as bev turn away , hard to get . Reilly burst in . bev hey , that 's the guy - reilly we just get a bomb threat upstairs . this get everyone 's attention . reilly ( cont . ) a cop be kill last night interrupt a robbery . one of the gang be grab , a girl . the one I tell you about with the detonation cord . well , she friend just call in , they be threaten to waste people unless she 's release in the next hour . glass alright , let 's check it out . reilly we can start in the area where the robbery occur . t.j. vice cop on a homicide ? reilly Captain assign I to assist you . pooch assist ? what the hell you know about ticker anyway ? glass easy , guy . ( to Reilly ) ( more ) 11/10/97 22. glass ( cont . ) look , nothing personal , but you can not just waltz in here and expect to join the team . reilly what be you talk about ? glass when you need we , you love we , when you do not , we be shunne by the rest of the department . reilly we have get one hour . be you come or not ? the squad just stand there . reilly ( cont . ) okay , fuck you . Reilly walk out . the guy look at each other . Glass frown at the bracelet . t.j. that vice cop , around all that pussy , so pent up . bev smirk at t.j. 's language , he lower he eye . pooch ( to Glass ) what do you think ? glass call upstairs , see what you can find out . pooch right . glass ( be : bracelet ) t.j. , run a trace on this , see if you can pin down where it come from . whoever this people be , let 's hope they be all talk . 11/10/97 23. 15 ext . alley - day 15 Reilly 's studebaker be park next to the machine shop building . 16 int . build - machine shop - day 16 Reilly enter and slowly re-walk he step from the shoot - out , pause over the chalk outline of Rice 's body . two forensics officer silently comb over the crime scene . Reilly pause , sadness overwhelming he . one of the officer nod at he , he have to turn away as the emotion come . 17 int . suncrest motel - room - day 17 sophisticate detonation equipment and weapon cover the bed . beard scowl , earring sweat as swan put the finish touch on a computerize briefcase bomb . swan what time be it ? earring twenty after . beard swan , it 's no use . look , we can still make Houston -- swan shut up ! he set a timer , close the briefcase , smile . 18 ext . suncrest motel - day 18 sleazy area . briefcase in hand , earring slip out and blend into pedestrian traffic . 11/10/97 24 . 19 ext . busy STREET - day 19 earring walk on , just a man with a briefcase . 20 ext . another STREET - day 20 earring slow and pass a bus stop where a group of giggly teenage girl be wait . he notice a raven-haire knockout go into the pub up ahead . he grin and follow she in . 21 int . pub - day 21 a trendy irish pub , a sparse lunch crowd . earring enter , spot the knockout order a drink at the bar , slide onto a stool next to she , and deposit the briefcase on the floor . earring hey , beautiful , can I buy you some banger and mash ? pint of Guinness ? she give he a once -over , turn up she nose , nod a `thanks ' to the bartender deliver she white wine . earring 's smile do not change . earring ( cont . ) last chance . you know , even the smallest choice in life could change everything . knockout fuck off , pal . earring grin and shrug a `oh well ' . he slide off the stool , step back , and exit ... leave the briefcase behind . ext . bar - day earring walk out and stroll off . he check he watch , pick up the pace . he disappear around a corner . Cars pass . people stroll by . nothing happen . 11/10/97 25 . a ordinary scene on a ordinary day . the silence be scream . suddenly - the bar explode . a fireball burst out the front window , shower the street with wood and broken glass . 22 ext . bar - day - later 22 chaotic aftermath of the bombing ... siren , flash red light . Police hold back onlooker , firemen clean up , paramedics carry corpse and moan victim out of the char , smoking ruin , into wait ambulance . a black - and - white tear up . capt. winter leap out , push through to a dirt - cover FIRE chief . FIRE chief eight dead , so far . winter look grim . 23 at the barricade 23 Reilly screech up in he studebaker , jump out , push through , flash he badge , enter the police zone . he stop as he see a bloody female victim be load into a ambulance . suddenly a voice snap he out of it . pluchinsky what be you do here ? Reilly face he . pluchinsky ( cont . ) you be offside . beat it . Reilly ignore they , start towards the ruin . pluchinsky shove he back . pluchinsky ( cont . ) I say get the fuck outta here . 11/10/97 26 . reilly you touch I again and -- pluchinsky and what , you will shoot I ? hey , do not mistake I for one of you partner , I would like to make retirement in one piece . pluchinsky start to laugh as Reilly pop he once hard in the face . pluchinsky stagger backwards , grasp he bleed nose . Reilly be ready for more as pluchinsky start at he . they exchange a few body shot before several cop swarm in and pull they apart . winter hustle over . winter what the hell 's go on ? pluchinsky son-of-a-bitch ... my nose ... this fuck - up be interfere with - winter Reilly , what be you do here ? reilly Sir ... winter I think I tell you -- glass ( o.c. ) he 's with we . they all turn . Glass and t.j. stand there , soot -smear , wear utility belt . glass ( cont . ) we ask he to come . 11/10/97 27 . t.j. yeah , he 's help we work up a profile on this thing . glass hope you do not mind , Captain , might help we catch this guy that much sooner . ( to Reilly ) come ? Reilly look at the Captain awkwardly . winter go ahead , kid . Reilly march after Glass and t.j. , leave pluchinsky fume , hold close he bloody nose . pluchinsky I be filing charge against that mother - winter can it , pluchinsky . and shove some cotton up you nose . angle - on the bomb squad Reilly follow Glass and t.j. , bewilder . reilly what be -? why ...? glass that cop who buy it ... you do not tell we he be you partner . t.j. we have lose brother too , we know what that 's like . 11/10/97 28. glass let 's get something straight . we be do you a favor . you be not exactly a guy we want around explosive . reilly what ? glass this be not bumper car , it 's brain surgery . you wanna work with we , you do it we way , understand ? reilly now wait just a fuck - glass be cool around my man , they do not trust stranger . and try not to swear so much , it 's unattractive . Reilly glare , tongue-ty , as they walk past the bomb squad van and Glass ' harley , enter the wreckage . 24 int . pub - day 24 smoky hell . two firemen drag out a fire hose . Glass , t.j. and Reilly approach a tape - off area where pooch be on he hand and knee , wet and dirty as he search for clue . schnoz sit nearby , red ball in he mouth . glass by the way , I be Glass . this be t.j. , and pooch . reilly Mike Reilly . t.j. ( offer dirty hand ) uh-huh ... Reilly avoid the hand . 11/10/97 29 . pooch that there 's schnoz , mascot and ace bomb sniffer . say hi , schnozzie . schnoz ignore they , sniff a char beam in a corner . t.j. point out burn pattern to Glass . t.j. flame racer , partial p.c.l. see this wave pattern ? definitely self -contain . pooch sniff dirt , taste it . pooch nitro , dash of semtrex , vegetable oil ... reilly what kind of bomb be it ? t.j. device . reilly huh ? glass we do not use the b-word . bad luck . reilly so you be the " device squad " ... and you defuse " device " ? glass treat . we treat device . reilly ( amused ) anything else I should know ? glass do not push it , slick . 11/10/97 30 . schnoz whine and paw at something under the beam . they scramble over . t.j. pooch , can you move it ? pooch I do not know ... pooch position himself like a weight - lifter prepare to dead-lift . he growl as he strain to lift the beam out of the way . Glass and t.j. jump in and go to work with toothbrush and tweezers . as Reilly watch , fascinate , they uncover a scorched fragment of a briefcase handle . t.j. yes , baby , yes ... pooch throw schnoz the red ball . pooch good boy , schnoz . daddy love you . t.j. scorch mark ... look like they use silly putty . Reilly look to Glass for a explanation . glass c4 , plastic explosive . t.j. helluva fuck factor . Reilly again look for a explanation . t.j. ( cont . ) do not worry , you will pick it up . 11/10/97 31 . pooch hey , check this out ? something glitter in the ash . pooch pick it up with tweezers . a tiny chip . the guy stare at it , puzzle . glass lemme see that . Glass take it , put on he magnify spectacle , hold it up to the light , frown . glass ( cont . ) hardware . t.j. Computer device ? glass unlikely . probably , cash register or something . pooch and t.j. go back to search . glass ( cont . ) what can you tell we about the girl with the explode jewelry ? Glass turn to see Reilly on he way out . reilly I will get back to you . 25 int . police headquarters - day 25 phone be ringing off the hook . Reilly burst in , notice winter direct a army of cop set up sophisticated trace equipment . winter let 's go , we gotta jump on he the second he call again . 11/10/97 32. Reilly discreetly cross the room but be intercept by pluchinsky . pluchinsky you be lucky today , vice boy . Captain say to leave it alone , but just remember , I be watch you . reilly I be sorry , detective , but you be just not my type . pluchinsky 's face turn red with rage as ... a officer hold up a phone urgently . officer Captain , it 's he ! the room scramble into action as winter grab the phone . swan 's voice crackle over the squawk box . winter winter here . swan' voice do not make I send another . winter look , we be prepare to talk , what do you want --? click , dial tone . winter ( cont . ) hello ? hello ? winter slam down the receiver . cop pull off they trace headphone , glance at each other uneasily . winter ( cont . ) section commander , in my office , now . 11/10/97 33. as the room erupt , Reilly turn to the book officer . reilly where 's the girl ? the one I bring in . book officer upstair , interrogation . Reilly take off . 26 int . police station - interrogation viewing booth - day 26 wearing headphone connect to a tape recorder , a bore cop flip wearily through a comic book in front of a one - way mirror . through it can be see a bare interrogation room where the girl sit stubbornly at a table across from Harry . stub a butt into a overflow ashtray , Harry rub the back of he neck , get up and go through a door , into the view booth . the bore cop look up , shut off the tape recorder . bore cop Three hour . she 's tough . harry tough ? tough be " fuck you , where 's my lawyer ? " . this chick do not say boo . the outer door open , Reilly walk in . reilly any luck ? harry bupkiss . sorry about Rice . Reilly nod , accept the condolence . reilly Captain say I could give it a crack . 11/10/97 34 . harry she be not no hooker . this be a murder investigation . reilly she be my collar . maybe I will get lucky . but , if you get a problem with that , talk to the Captain . harry I will be in the can . Harry exit . the bore cop eye Reilly suspiciously as Reilly cross to the other door , yank it open . 27 int . interrogation room 27 as Reilly enter , the girl stiffen at the sight of he . reilly you remember I . Reilly shut the door , she do not respond . the girl catch a glimpse of he 9 mm under he trenchcoat , she 's unfaze . he pace , circle she . reilly ( cont . ) you know , you boyfriend just kill a ten year old at a bus stop , blow she head clean off . the girl put up a good front but we can see she 's listen . reilly ( cont . ) you be scared . you be just catch in the middle . but , we have get a guy out there waste people just to get you back . why ? it can not be because of you look . so , I will be honest with you - Reilly go to the table , flick off the mic . 11/10/97 35 . 28 int . viewing booth 28 the bore cop do not notice , he 's engross in he comic . 29 int . interrogation room 29 Reilly sit , the girl eye he like a trap prey . they be enemy , yet there 's a strange chemistry between they . reilly let I be very clear about this . the police will not let you go . when you boyfriend realize this , I have a feel a lot of innocent people be go to die . kid , family . I know you do not want that to happen . she stare , eye dark , barely register any emotion at all . a flicker of fear , indecision . her lip part , fight it , then she look away , let the fear win . Reilly flush with anger , frustration . 30 int . the cave - day 30 Glass squint through a microscope . pooch sniff and fumble dirt sample . t.j. rock to a walkman as he inspect the char briefcase handle fragment . bev be at she computer search luggage website on the Net . Reilly come in , still frustrated . pooch we miss you , where would you go ? before Reilly can answer , t.j. rip off he headphone . t.j. fuckin a , I think I get two partial print here ! pooch awright ! how bout you , Glass , how 's that chip shaking ? 11/10/97 36 . they all look over . Glass stare back darkly . t.j. Glass , what be it ? glass I be wrong ... this do not come from any cash register . pooch whadaya mean ? glass it 's from a ira . pooch oh shit ... reilly a what ? t.j. ira - instant retirement account . glass i.r.a. device . deadliest class of ticker in existence . computerize , multiple sensor , booby trap , the work . first show up in a series of i.r.a. bombing in London couple year ago . one of they boy trip it on himself and they go back to a less complicated timer . the girl , be she irish ? reilly she 's not talk . but , she could be . so , obviously , you have see one of this device before ? glass only once , at redstone . reilly where ...? 11/10/97 37 . t.j. that 's one more time than any of the rest of we have see it . pooch shit . we be fuck . glass relax , pooch , it 's just a ticker , it 's not personal . t.j. let 's face it , we all know it would happen sooner or later . the guy who can build a mousetrap that 's better than we be ... bev stop it ... t.j. ( point to Reilly ) and what 's he do to help ? pooch shut up , t.j.! bev be nice pooch ! they all explode into a shout match ( except Glass who be in he own world inspect the microchip a inch from he eye ) . a moment mayhem until - reilly all of you , shut the fuck up ! they all go silent , stare at Reilly ( except Glass ) . reilly ( cont . ) no wonder the rest of the department do not want to work with you . you be nothing but a bunch of ... punk . 11/10/97 38 . Reilly walk out . 31 ext . police parking lot - afternoon 31 Reilly go to he studebaker , climb in . 32 int . studebaker 32 as he start it up , the passenger door rip open . Glass jump in , slam the door , furious . glass Nice performance back there . where would you learn that , Mike ditka sensitivity seminar ? reilly hey , look -- glass no you look , mister ! first , you do not go call my man name . it 's bad for morale . second , we " punk " happen to know a heck of alot more about police work than any vice cop ever do . reilly oh yeah ? prove it . glass ( beat ) drive . Glass glare , a challenge . glaring back , Reilly gun the engine , screech away . 33 ext . alley - afternoon 33 the studebaker rumble up to the machine shop , park in the same haunt spot as the night before . Glass and Reilly climb out of the car , flashlight in hand . Reilly glance around , bad memory stir up . 11/10/97 39 . reilly the place have already be comb . forensics pull over a hundred set of print inside . glass then let 's go see what they miss . pull out a tool kit , Glass quickly pick the door lock , yank open the door , duck inside . Reilly follow . 34 int . machine shop - afternoon 34 nearly pitch dark inside , shaft of late afternoon sunlight glisten on the batter machine . shadows wash over Reilly and Glass as they retrace the path Reilly and Rice take the night before , Glass search intensely , Reilly get more and more uncomfortable . glass so what be they do here ? reilly I do not know . you tell I ? glass a abandon machine shop ... nice place to build device . low rent , too . but , you and Rice ruin they perfect hideout . reilly you mention something call redstone . glass redstone 's the army training center in Alabama where they send the cream of the crop to learn about ticker . reilly cream of the crop , huh ? you ? 11/10/97 40 . glass ( nod ) top of my class at West Point , thank you very much . then off to redstone . first half of the course we learn how to build device ... second half , we would take they apart . everything from firecracker to hydrogen bomb . reilly sound like terrorist heaven . glass there be a few guy in my class with name like John Smith , Bill Jones . I would see they up ahead in the hall , call they name , but they would not turn around . c.i.a . funny thing , they would always disappear after the first half of the course . reilly just how easy be it to build a ... device ? glass with a little training , you could go into a house and just from stuff in the bathroom and kitchen make something that would finish off that alleged car of yours . heck , do not you ever watch MacGyver ? Reilly look at Glass strangely until he realize they have stop where Rice die . glass ( cont . ) so this be where it happen . Reilly fight the memory ... eye well up , he hand tremble ever so slightly as he point out ... reilly girl be here . the guy in charge be over there with one of he man , the other one be back there . 11/10/97 41 . Glass get down on he hand and knee , scan the floor . Reilly talk to distract himself . reilly ( cont . ) bomber , what kettle of fish be they ? glass typical profile , usually loser , nobody that be afraid to confront they victim . they like scare people . that 's why they call in they threat . same mentality as obscene phone caller . reilly except they will blow you up if you do not play along . glass no , ninety - ninety percent of they be full of baloney . they be into the power trip , not the damage . what scare I be that this guy be so sophisticated he could blow up whatever he want , then disappear . the worst of the bunch , they love the challenge of create the wildest device ever ... and they love the carnage . Glass lay out flat on he stomach and search deep under a machine , pick up a half - smoke cigarette butt with tweezers , pull it out , kneel . glass ( cont . ) hello . Glass straighten it out , read the brand name , " gallois " . glass ( cont . ) french . doubt somebody who work here smoke it . only half go , put it out in a hurry . ( glance around ) ( more ) 11/10/97 42. glass ( cont . ) figure the length , assume it be one of this guy , odd be ... it be light outside . Glass take off . Reilly follow . 35 ext . machine ship - garage - afternoon 35 Glass and Reilly search the area . Glass move on he knee , aim the flashlight . glass this be where the van be park . reilly yep . glass then , it 's gotta be here somewhere ... reilly look , it 's a longshot ... glass bingo ! Glass pinch something with he tweezers , hold it up triumphantly ... a use match . close up - match under microscope a jungle of giant fiber teeming with strange molecule . t.j. ( o.c . ) no question , it be definitely the one use to l-light the butt . finger pressure suggest a male , average build , height ... no print , trace of nylon fiber ... he wear a glove . 36 int . the cave - afternoon 36 t.j. punch key on a computer , peer through the microscope as Glass , Reilly , pooch and bev stand by . 11/10/97 43. t.j. this be strange . two computer screen - one display the magnify match from different angle , the other spill out a stream of formulae and chemical breakdown . t.j. ( cont . ) ( read info ) Three foreign particle ... vulcanize rubber ... resin ... nitro-cellulose . reilly nitro-cellulose . what be that , some kind of explosive ? glass industrial wood oil . separately , any one of this thing could lead in several direction , but together ... pooch ka-boooom . bev they make bowl ball out of vulcanize rubber ... pooch resin ... t.j. Lane oil ... glass ( beat , proud of he team ) a bowl alley . at a adjacent computer , bev run a scan program on the match , compare it against a endless stream of match type on file . schnoz howl awake from a nap as t.j. stab the screen as a match be make , specification fill the screen . 11/10/97 44 . t.j. get it ! Ace Match company , flint , Michigan . reilly ( amaze ) you mean you just --? ... you keep a record of ... match ? glass hey , match be a very big thing in we line of work . pooch ( smirk at Reilly ) " punk " , huh ? glass bev , give `em a call , find out what bowl alley they supply in this area . bev right ! glass pooch , why do not you e-mail you buddy at langley and on the other side of the pond , see if any iras be pop up lately ? pooch you get it . glass ( to Reilly ) we work fast enough for you ? Reilly mouth be open , duly impressed . 37 ext . bowling alley - late afternoon 37 the studebaker and harley swerve up to a run-down , windowless bowl alley , park in a red zone . Reilly and t.j , climb out of the clunker , Glass off he bike . 11/10/97 45 . t.j. check he hair in the side mirror , sniff he underarm . reilly t.j. , what be you do ? t.j. my first undercover assignment . I gotta look good , right ? Reilly and Glass exchange a grin , they drag t.j. inside . 38 int . bowling alley - late afternoon 38 a busy Saturday afternoon crowd . rock music blast , reverberate with the echo of crash ball and pin . the lane be teeming with sweat body . sexy waitress in skimpy outfit deliver drink . t.j. ogle woman as they wander through . t.j. so what be we look for ? reilly someone who smoke french cigarettes . t.j. in this crowd ? it 's gonna be marlboros , camel , and maybe a few kool . Reilly and Glass nod , know it 's a longshot . Reilly direct Glass and t.j. to split up to case the place . they move through the rowdy crowd , eye catch every smoker . 39 int . bowling alley - pool room / bar - later 39 the music be more redneck -rock , the crowd as well . 11/10/97 46 . Glass and t.j. be in the midst of game of pool , nursing bottle of root beer . they continue to play while eyeing that come and go . Reilly enter from the alley , catch Glass ' eye and shake he head . he go to the bar and order a coke . he take the drink and move over next to Glass as t.j. line up a shot . glass how long be we go to stay ? reilly ` til we get a better lead . Reilly 's attention be draw to a crowded booth in the corner where a few bowl alley girl block the view of the entire booth . Glass nudge Reilly , they look over to see pooch enter the bar . he see they and move to the bar . t.j. sink he shot and line up another as Reilly and Glass move to meet pooch . pooch produce a printout from he jacket , open it up . pooch unsolved bombing in the last year ... Boston , New York , Philadelphia ... but no real match reilly insurance ? glass political . pooch exactly my think . except , none of the target can actually be link to government , political or special interest concern . they seem to be just unrelated industrial company . some insure , some not . ( more ) 11/10/97 47 . pooch ( cont . ) but there 's trace of c4 and assort inflammatory additive find in each case . the only common denominator be the detonator all have circuitry consistent with we micro - chip . glass not bad for bomb squad , eh ? reilly what not bad . you have get a series of bomb , device , that may or may not be connect , set by one or many nutjob , who may or may not be link . glass right . reilly well ... it 's more than we have ten minute ago . pooch I get a friend over at Scotland yard who 's gonna try and reach out to a undercover guy who would know if any of the rightwingers be circulate over here . bev 's follow up on the briefcase manufacturer , too . t.j. come over . t.j. pooch , you be up . Rack `em . they look over to the pool table to see only the cue ball leave . t.j. ( cont . ) boss , you be buy the next round . t.j. set he empty root beer bottle on the bar . pooch how're you guy do ? 11/10/97 48. reilly still wait for a miracle . go ahead . pooch and t.j. head back to the pool table where two comely gal have begin put the ball back onto the table . t.j. turn on he smile and chat they up . reilly ( cont . ) quite a team you have get , where would you find they ? glass it 's a small fraternity , everyone know everyone . I be always recruiting . pooch be ex - d.o.d. , military expert ... claymore , grenade . he play linebacker at Boston College , work a k -9 unit - that lead he to the bomb squad ... great nose , lousy finger , we try to keep he away from the ticker . t.j. be a heck of chemist , Texas a&amp ; m engineering degree . found he in a militia chat room - turn out we be both monitoring the same group . bev be the natural bear hacker , we steal she from dispatch . she have the cave reorganize and ultra-high - tech in two month . Captain have no idea how much hardware she 's " find " for we . reilly you guy seem pretty tight . glass we have gotta be . in this business , you do not exactly make alot of outside commitment . reilly why do you do it ? glass I do not know , it 's strange ... it 's not the best career path , but when you get the bug , there 's nothing you can do about it . see , when you beat one of this thing ... ( more ) 11/10/97 49 . glass ( cont . ) there 's that one second when you realize you see something you be not suppose to see ... this beautiful naked woman ... death ... and then the rush come , the high , cuz you realize you get away with it . t.j. return , shrug . t.j. lesbian . pooch be still with the girl , show one of they how to line up a shot . reilly look like pooch 's do okay . t.j. he 's marry , he do not even know what a lesbian be . t.j. wave over the bartender . he and Glass order fresh drink as Reilly eye pretty blonde across the bar . she pick up two beer and grab a pack of match off the bar . she turn and move to the booth in the corner . the body part and Reilly catch a glimpse of earring . Reilly nearly choke on he coke as earring take the match from the blonde . earring check he watch , rise . he look up and catch Reilly 's eye - he smile -- then bolt . Reilly cough up he drink and try to get a word out , point as earring slip out the exit door next to the booth . Glass pat Reilly 's back as he gag , eye blaze . finally ... reilly there he go . he be here the whole time . 11/10/97 50 . Reilly push he way through the crowd with Glass on he heel . t.j. rush over and grab pooch away from the Girls at the pool table . Reilly run into a pair of enormous redneck , spilling they beer on they . the redneck grab he by the collar and prepare to fight as pooch arrive and body - block the redneck away from Reilly . Reilly be release and he continue after earring as pooch and the redneck mix it up . a brawl break out with pooch and t.j. in the middle as Reilly and Glass make it to the exit door . Reilly fly out - but Glass freeze dead in he track . he spin back to look at the corner booth . the shopping bag sit on the floor under the table . Glass tense . the fight escalate quickly , but pooch employ he linebacker skill and cut down he assailant ... and t.j. a natural streetfighting - rabbit-puncher . they quickly dispatch the redneck , leave they bruise and bloody ... they rush for Glass and the doorway -- then lock on Glass ' reaction and stop . 40 ext . STREET - late afternoon 40 Reilly run out into the middle of the street . at the end of the block , earring be rush for the corner . Reilly draw he 'mm , aim through the pedestrian -- and fire . earring be blow off he foot ... he hit the pavement hard ... 11/10/97 51 . 41 int . bar 41 Reilly enter and see Glass , tj and pooch gather around the booth in back . reilly say , thanks for the back up -- the bomb squad ignore Reilly , who now realize something be wrong . he push he way through the bar patron to the booth . Glass glance up at Reilly . glass he set one , the son-of - a ... tj and pooch exchange look -- they have never hear Glass so close to swear before . t.j. notice a small crowd start to gather around the booth . t.j. ( calmly ) clear the area , please . nobody move . reilly ( loudly ) you hear he , get the fuck away , it 's a bomb ! that do it , the crowd shriek and scatter . Rolling eye at each other , the bomb squader turn they attention to the shopping bag sit on the floor . glass alright . let 's assess . the team eye the package for a moment ... 11/10/97 52 . Glass make a determination , whip out a knife , slashes the bag open , revealing a computerize nightmare of a bomb inside . t.j. rub he temple with dread . tj ira . Glass put on he magnify spectacle , start to probe . Reilly return . pooch test hinge with he tweezers . t.j. hand Glass a crimp . pooch pries off a back panel , finger shaking , lift it every so slightly , see complex circuitry inside , the red glow of a digital readout count down . pooch oh shit ... t.j. fuck factor ten . glass okay , I be go in , nobody breathe . synchronize he chronometer to the counter , Glass begin disengaging sensor switch . glass ( cont . ) altimeter ... choke coil ... mercury switch ... he clip off circuit and booby trap with bloodcurdle care , peel away layer after layer of death ... shake he head with awe , respect , fear . glass ( cont . ) triple v.o.m... brilliant ... this guy 's a master ... finally he come to the heart of the bomb , a pair of tiny wire lead to the blast cap , one yellow , one red . precious second tick away . 11/10/97 53. glass ( cont . ) it 's one of this wire . reilly so cut both . glass one shut it down , one turn arm it . reilly which one 's which ? glass I do not know . there 's a old say , when in doubt , cut the yellow wire . Reilly gulp . the device teeter , slightly , alarming t.j. and pooch . Glass nod . t.j. and pooch each grab a corner of the device to steady it . Reilly follow they lead and kneel , go to reach for a corner as well , one hand start to tremble . glass ( cont . ) you can go back to the van if you like . reilly no , I be with you . Reilly focus and will he hand to steady . he grab a corner and close he eye , mind over matter . sweat stream as he concentrate like never before . pooch and t.j. stare at the wire with intensity . 15 second , 14 , 13 , ... Glass pull out a clipper . 12 , 11 , 10 ... he ease the clipper into position . 9 , 8 , 7 ... he draw in a breath . close he eye , he clip the yellow wire . Reilly 's eye snap open . 11/10/97 54 . the counter stop on 4 - no explosion . pooch and t.j. whoop and hug like drunk mad . Glass step away , stone - face . Reilly follow he , wobbly . reilly ( cont . ) you okay ? glass ( smile ) be this a great job or what ? 42 ext . STREET - moment later 42 two squad car have appear , officer cordon off the crime scene . Glass watch Reilly kneel over earring 's body digging through earring 's pocket , find nothing but cash , cigarettes and match . reilly ( at Glass ) nothing . nothing traceable . int bar pooch and t.j. have the device on the ground a few foot away from the earring 's body . they delicately continue to take it apart so it can be transport safely . schnoz sit nearby , watch . pooch be on the phone with he wife ... pooch I do not know , honey . I will see . no , everything 's fine , it be nothing . as he say this , he lift a chunk of c4 and set it aside . pooch hang up he phone . ext STREET pooch and tj exit the bar , move to Glass and Reilly . 11/10/97 55 . pooch ( cont . ) you guy hungry ? the wife 's get a heap of lasagna leftover . t.j. ( at Reilly ) what do ay say ? glass meg 's lasagna . good eat , Reilly . c'mon . Glass note Reilly 's hand . glass ( cont . ) good meal would go a long way to steady you system . reilly get work to do , do not we ? pooch scribbles down a address on a scrap of paper from the device 's shopping bag , hand it to Reilly , offer a smile . pooch in case you change you mind . Reilly look at it awkwardly , then walk away as a News van arrive on the scene ... 43 ext . / int . downtown - studebaker - early evening 43 Reilly cruise into the bowel of downtown . make a few turn and park . in the shadow of a burn out building , Reilly observe several junkies get a fix from they connection . Reilly watch with scared , tempt eye . he look at he hand ... they be tremble ... catch he reflection in the rear view mirror . check Rice 's watch on he wrist , tap it . still not tick . ashame , he screech away . 11/10/97 56 . 44 int . police station - office - night 44 a quiet squad room . Reilly bang out something on a computer terminal . he blaze away , type as fast as he can . he hold out he hand . almost steady . he take a drink from a protein shake , return to type . 45 int . winter ' office - night 45 a weary winter look up from coffee and paperwork as Reilly knock , walk in . Reilly drop a sheaf of papers on he desk . winter what 's this ? reilly report on the case so far . winter you know after a shoot I would normally take you badge and weapon , but Glass call in already and confirm it be clean . reilly yes , sir . winter but from now on , any lead on this case go to pluchinsky . he 's primary investigator and you be unofficially assign to the bomb squad ... you and you new friend be not to be play detective any more . get it ? Reilly nod , accept . winter ( cont . ) I imagine as soon as they find out one of they 's be dead , we will be get another call . so get some sleep , alright . Reilly nod , turn and exit . 11/10/97 57 . 46 int . suncrest motel - room - night 46 tight on a tv - a pretty reporter report live from the scene ... reporter to recap , a gunman carry what police describe as a phony bomb be shot and kill less than a hour ago . the room swan watch the tv report with beard , eye narrowing as he see Reilly in the crowd behind the reporter . reporter ( cont . ) while the man 's motive and identity remain a mystery , police be deny the incident be related to the explosion that rip through a bar earlier today , kill 15 and wound more than 30 ... swan kick in the tv , destroy it . beard she talk . swan flip open a suitcase full of bomb-make material and begin to sort through ... 47 ext . pooch's house - night 47 quiet , cozy , middle class . the harley and the bomb squad van be park out front . also the studebaker . 48 int . pooch's house - hallway - night 48 Reilly exit the bathroom , return to the dining room where the bomb squad be laugh , hoe and hay over dessert . pooch 's faithful wife , meg , pour coffee . tommy and janie , pooch 's kid , sit on pooch 's and t.j. 's knee , in they pajamas . 11/10/97 58 . meg more coffee , t.j.? t.j. no thanks , meg. hawe pooch ever get so lucky ? meg Mr. Reilly ? reilly Mike . no thanks , I be fine . pooch time for bed , kiddo . say goodnight . tommy can uncle teej tuck we in ? t.j. c'mon , champ , I will even give you a piggyback . janie ( to Glass , Reilly ) goodnight uncle Charlie , goodnight uncle Mike . janie surprise Reilly with a shy kiss , scurries upstairs with after pooch , t.j. and Tommy . reilly ` night ... meg clear the dish , schnoz be asleep on the floor . Glass and Reilly be leave alone . Reilly take a sip of coffee , hand tremble ever so slightly . glass how long be you hook ? reilly what ? 11/10/97 59 . glass you do not have to talk about it . Reilly stare , then open up slowly . reilly Pittsburgh , two year ago . partner die , no back - up , I be too gung -ho . as usual . glass take a tip from the bomb boy , always assess , if only for a second . reilly I know . I be work a drug ring , deep cover . play the part too well . when they pull I out , I be not a cop anymore . my fiance have dumped I . next thing I know , I be out here on the street , doped up , audition for the morgue when this tough old vice cop find I , clean I up , give I a second chance . he promise Captain winter he would look out for I . glass you partner ? reilly ( nod sadly ) I guess I do not realize how much I need he . he keep I straight . it 's be tough every second since . Reilly hold up he wristwatch . reilly ( cont . ) this be he . do not work for shit , but it 's keep I straight . glass let I see . 11/10/97 60 . Reilly give he the watch . Glass pull out a mini tool kit , pries off the back of the watch examine the work . glass ( cont . ) Main spring 's stick . all you have to do be free the palate and realign the balance wheel . here , you try . reilly I terrible with mechanical thing . glass no you be not , you just do not understand they . here , do what I tell you . he hold out the mini-kit . Reilly take it uncertainly , but follow Glass ' instruction . glass ( cont . ) okay , first push the pin back with this . good . now while you keep it there , stick this in here and turn it slowly . easy , that 's it . now let the pin go and line up the wheel . that should do it . Reilly give it a tweak , look at the watch , surprised . reilly it 's work . glass congratulation , you just build you first ticker . Reilly throw Glass a surprised look . 49 ext . pooch's house - early morning 49 sunrise break . Reilly and Glass have they head under the hood of the studebaker , cover in grease , tool everywhere . t.j. sit behind the wheel . pooch and schnoz stumble out of the house to watch . 11/10/97 61 . reilly okay , hit it . t.j. gun the engine , the studebaker purr like a tiger . glass alright ! t.j. we have create a monster . Glass glance at pooch . glass any word ? pooch nothing . maybe they give up , split town . reilly do not bet on it . 50 ext . police station - morning 50 bustle activity ... 51 int . the cave - morning 51 Reilly enter to find Glass , bev , t.j. and pooch busy at work at each of they work station . Glass move over to watch bev 's computer screen . reilly how 's the print come ? bev one partial from the handle match the suspect from last night . name 's Carl Taylor . Long record of arson , assault , the work . the other print - we get nothing from we data base or the FBI or CIA ... still wait for interpol . 11/10/97 62 . reilly damn . bev enter another command ... the computer go to work as she turn to Reilly . bev coffee , Mike ? reilly no thanks , bev. she smile warmly . he smile back , t.j. eye they , slightly jealous of the moment . a phone ring . bev answer it ... bev yes , sir . he 's here . I will tell he . bev hang up the phone . bev ( cont . ) Mike , Captain want to see you right away . Reilly head for the door . 52 int . police headquarters - morning 52 a strange , uncomfortable silence hang over the squad room as Reilly weave past cop smoking , drink coffee , wait . they all stare at he . especially pluchinsky . 53 int . winter ' office - morning 53 Reilly walk in . winter gesture for he to take a seat as he talk on the phone . winter yes ... no , of course not but ... yes , sir , I understand . 11/10/97 63. winter hang up . winter ( cont . ) I get a call from upstairs . they say you question the girl . reilly yes , sir . winter she 's refuse to say a word to anyone . what make you think you could get she to talk ? reilly I do not . but I have to try . winter Reilly , I think I have show that I be a patient man . Rice be you biggest fan and I have try to honor he by give you some slack . but you be very close to run out of slack . reilly yes , sir . winter let this sink in , then hold up Reilly 's report . winter I read you report . impressive . I would say it 's get detective write all over it . but ... you cross the line one more time ... you be go . be we clear ? Reilly , nod , shift uncomfortably . winter ( cont . ) now , that out of the way . the girl want to talk to you , alone . Reilly be shocked . winter ( cont . ) so get go , let 's close this thing . 11/10/97 64 . reilly yes , sir . Reilly bolt off . 54 int . police station - interrogation room - day 54 Reilly enter to find Harry and the girl wait for he . Harry look the girl over , nod at Reilly . harry I will be outside . Reilly nod , Harry exit . Reilly sit down at the table opposite she . the girl hello . reilly hello . the girl ( mary ) my name be Mary Jordan . we be hire to take out some industrial site . insurance . reilly but they be not all insure . mary cover. ( slowly , ashamed ) it be suppose to be abandon building , y'know . no one be suppose to get hurt . the night you bust we ... we be check to make sure there be not any vagrant around . scare they away . reilly who be he ? 11/10/97 65 . mary Alex swan . my brother . the other two be call Taylor and leveau . reilly Taylor 's dead . she seem relieved . reilly ( cont . ) where be they , Mary ? Mary take a deep breath , eye welling . mary there be a motel downtown , near the Machine shop ... the suncrest . room 138 . reilly thank you . mary he 's my brother ... Reilly rise and move to she . they eye linger a moment , a bond between they . reilly then why tell I ? mary people be die . Reilly nod and touch she shoulder , a light squeeze . he turn and exit . 55 ext . suncrest motel - room 138 - day 55 a army of cop and squad car out front , pluchinsky silently direct a swat team to the door . Reilly and the bomb squad watch from a distance as they break down the door . 11/10/97 66 . shout , mayhem as the team flood into the room . pluchinsky bring up the rear . after a beat , pluchinsky be - emerge , shaking he head . at the far end of the motel swan and beard watch from behind a car . beard give swan a dirty look and they quietly move off around the corner . at the bomb squad van Reilly and Glass be visibly disappointed . as the other grumble about it , Reilly notice someone across the street - the bag Lady with the pie-tin crown , hold she hand out to a man get into he car . the man ignore she , screech off . the bag Lady scribbles down he license number in she pad . Glass follow Reilly 's stare . glass ex -girlfriend ? reilly be right back . Reilly cross the street , intercept the bag Lady as she 's push she cart away . reilly ( cont . ) Excuse I ... I be look for two man who be stay at the hotel over there - one have a beard , the other 's tall , thin . you would not happen to have see they , would you ? bag lady no. reilly no , of course not ... well , thanks anyway . here you go , you highness . he fish some change out of he pocket , hand it over , start away . 11/10/97 67 . bag lady on second think , maybe I do . he turn back . the bag Lady flip through she pad , stab a entry with she finger . bag lady lemme see ... yeah , here it be , 11:18 this morning . very disrespectful . he use to drive a van , but he get a new car . you want the license number ? she tear off the page , hold it out . reilly you be beautiful ! Reilly give she a big kiss , race back to the bomb squad who have be watch . reilly we be back in business ! they all look at he like he 's nut . 56 int . police squad room - day 56 buzz with action . Harry and pluchinsky attack winter with printout . harry ran the license plate - car be rent early this morning from a hertz office downtown . pluchinsky Alex swan - demolition expert , train at redstone , drop out , freelance in the middle East for awhile , then disappear , no criminal record . the other one , leveau , be french canadian , he 's a mercenary , record in half a dozen country . 11/10/97 68. winter get out a apb , now ! Harry move off to the dispatcher as a fax machine come to life on the desk next to pluchinsky . a fax spew out ... " winter . let her go now ... or a bomb' coming close to home . " winter ( cont . ) Jesus . pluchinsky , get four squad car out to my house , get my family out of there , tell my wife I be on my way . pluchinsky yes , sir . 57 ext . police station - day 57 cop race to they car . a armada of black - and - white scream out of the parking lot . winter appear and jump into he Ford sedan and tear out . dispatcher ( v.0 ) ... suspect drive a dark green Ford Grenada , license number one two eight Michael Vincent Edward ... 58 ext . suburb - day 58 squad car roar up and down the street . two car be park out in front of one house in particular . 59 int . police station - squad room - day 59 in the squad room , pluchinsky and some man wait anxiously by phone , computer - console , radio switchboard . 11/10/97 69 . 60 ext . police station - day 60 Reilly idle in he studebaker . t.j. and pooch come out of the parking lot in the bomb squad Van , Glass motor along side Reilly . he gun the bike and take the lead , follow by Reilly , then the van . they pull out into traffic and head towards the suburb . 61 ext . STREET - day 61 beard drive , swan ride shotgun . a briefcase lie on the seat between they . as he make a leave , beard notice the bomb squad Van come the other direction . beard we have get company . swan whirl , pull a gun as Glass and Reilly pass they . Reilly double-take ... 62 int . studebaker 62 Reilly grab he radio mic , yell into it ... reilly Glass , there they be . pooch right in front of you , you get `em , you get `em . 63 ext . STREET - day 63 Reilly skid to a dead stop . Glass , up ahead try to maneuver around slow car as ... the Grenada speed down a street right in front of the bomb squad Van . pooch crank into a turn and give chase . Reilly and Glass be pin in by other car . they both finally squeeze out of they jam in different direction ... 11/10/97 70 . 64 ext . / int . another STREET - bomb squad van - day 64 a excited t.j. jump on the radio . t.j. dispatch , this be bomb squad . suspect sighted on fern Street , two block from hq . in pursuit . dispatcher ( o.c. ) Roger that . all available unit ... 65 ext . STREET - day 65 beard speed around another corner , the lumber Van have difficulty keep up and lose sight of the Grenada for a moment . 66 ext . another STREET - day 66 the Grenada speed up , head towards the Police Station up ahead . the bomb squad Van appear and speed up . on the sidewalk swan stand discreetly in a phone booth , watch as ... on the STREET beard steer towards a park squad car next to the Station - on collision course . at the last second , beard dive from the move car , hit the pavement and roll . the Grenada crash into the squad car ... but no explosion . the bomb squad Van skid to a stop as two uniform officer rush out of the Station . beard have roll to he foot and be now sprinting off down the street . 11/10/97 71 . pooch and t.j. jump out of the Van ( leave a barking schnoz inside ) and sprint towards the Grenada , gun draw . pooch be quickly huffing and puffing . t.j. continue after beard as pooch move towards the Grenada . the uniform follow t.j . Glass on he harley appear from behind the Van . at the far end of the street the studebaker rumble into view , follow by a squad car , light flash . everyone close in on beard . t.j. aim and yell at beard . t.j. Police , freeze ! beard whirl around , spraying automatic weapon FIRE at t.j. and the uniform - they hit the pavement . a few nearby pedestrian scream and drop to the ground . Reilly jump out of he studebaker as beard turn he FIRE on he , blowing out he windshield . back at the Grenada , pooch duck for cover by the open driver 's door . Glass run he harley behind a park car . the squad car behind Reilly skid to a stop and as beard shift he aim , t.j. and Reilly each pump two shot into beard 's torso . beard spin around , drop - dead silence on the street . relief all around . everyone stand back up . t.j. 's jaw drop at the sight of actually have hit the suspect with he bullet . at the grenada pooch exhales in relief , then hear beeping come from the front seat of the car . he look in to see the briefcase open , countdown tick away . 11/10/97 72 . pooch oh ... damn . ka - booooom !!! the Grenada explode in a massive FIRE - ball , throw nearby Glass off he foot . everyone else drop back to the ground , cover they head . down the STREET - at the phone booth swan grin and walk away down a alley . we can hear the cry of schnoz , wailing from the front seat of Van . 67 int . police station - winter ' office - early evening 67 Reilly stare off into space . surreal silence , like a dream ... Reilly look at he watch , keep he eye low as he steal a glance at Glass in the other chair , face wrack with pain , loss . they both look through the glass office at the squad room outside , the sound of reality fade in ... phone ringing , voice shouting ... a tense , chaotic emergency atmosphere . Reilly and Glass rise as winter walk in , close the door . he sit behind he desk , light a cigarette . winter Glass , sorry about pooch , he be a good man . we do not have time to give you a break right now , we be go ahead and - reilly my God , you be go to use she , be not you ? winter ( ignore Reilly ) Glass , you be to stand by with you team . 11/10/97 73. reilly I promise she she would be safe . winter it 's we only option . reilly it will not work , he will know it 's a trap ... winter Reilly , you be do for now . what the hell be you think direct the bomb squad team into hot pursuit . they have no business - reilly I know . winter you have be at the center of two suspect fatality and two Police Officer fatality . I will need you badge and you weapon . Reilly look at Glass , there will be no step in this time . he glare at winter , reach into he jacket , pull out the badge and toss it on Winter 's desk . he pull out he 'mm , pop out the clip and open the chamber , set it down . 68 int . police station - squad room - early evening 68 Reilly and Glass trudge out , both profoundly disturb as they head across the squad room . Glass veer off . reilly Glass --! Reilly stare , eye wet , watch he disappear . glancing over , he notice bev and t.j. sit with meg down the hall , Tommy and janie asleep in she lap . schnoz walk up to meg , whimper . bev wrap she arm around she . t.j. put he hand on bev 's shoulder . 11/10/97 74 . pluchinsky brushes roughly past Reilly , snap he out of it . he turn , walk dejectedly out . dissolve to : 69 ext . police station - rear entrance - early morning 69 a armored van screech up . Doors fly open . Metro swat team jump out with equipment , helmet , rush into the building . 70 int . police station - squad room - morning 70 thunder silence . winter and he man wait by phone . they watch tick . so do the clock on the wall . nothing . swat team Captain benson , huddle with he man . a phone ring , shatter the quiet . Harry answer it , hold it up urgently . harry it 's he ! winter take it . a new high - tech tracer flick on a new piece of equipment . winter winter here . swan 's voice come over the squawk box , growl low . swan' voice you motherfucker , you do not learn , do you ?! winter we be prepare to talk - swan' voice shut up ! shut up ! the tracer home in on the signal . 11/10/97 75 . tracer 15 ... swan' voice you have exactly thirty minute to release the girl where you find she . tracer twelve ... swan' voice thirty minute . tracer nine ... winter how do we know you will keep you word ? click , dial tone . winter flash a look at the tracer . the tracer yank off he headphone in utter frustration . winter ( to he man ) okay , let 's move ! the room erupt into action . benson and the swat team be the first one out the door ... 71 ext . alley - day 71 hauntingly familiar . a unmark police car pull up and stop behind the machine shop . 72 ext . / int . alley - car 72 Harry sit behind the wheel . Mary sit in the back , handcuff to pluchinsky . pluchinsky unlock the cuff . Mary 's eye flare 11/10/97 76 . pluchinsky get out and go to the machine shop - Mary step out of the car . she glance around -- then head in the opposite direction of the Machine shop . pluchinsky curse . he start to go after she , but realize he would better clear the area . he peal out . 73 ext . STREET - day 73 undercover Men in various disguise track she from car , and on foot , communicate by hide micu . a wino eye she carefully , lift a bottle to he mouth and whisper ... wino she 's out of the bag . Mary exit the alley onto the street , search where to go . she turn down the street and move fast , eye darting about . 74 ext . STREET 74 the swat van be tuck into a alley ... inside the swat van winter , benson and team monitor the radio communication . wino ( o.c. ) ( on the radio ) position four. turn on elm . 75 ext . elm STREET - day 75 Mary cross the street , a camero nearly clip she . she make it safely to the sidewalk and pass a truck driver eat a hot dog . after she move off ... truck driver ( speak into sleave ) six . she 's crossing to Main . 11/10/97 77 . Mary look around quickly , blend into a crowd come out of a store and duck inside . truck driver ( cont . ) she just go into a department store . she 's out of sight . 76 inside the swat van 76 winter grab the mic ... winter seal the building ! ( to benson ) let 's move . the swat van rumble to life . 77 int . department store - day 77 Mary bolt through the store , duck through a service door . 78 ext . department store - service entrance - alley - day 78 Mary burst out , run like a spook horse . as she dash to the mouth of the the alley , she run smack into the camaro that almost hit she . it screech to a stop . the passenger door fly open . Mary lean down and look in , flush . it 's swan . he reach over and yank she inside , tear away . the truck Driver run into the other end of the alley . he start to give chase as swan toss a small package out of the car . the truck Driver dive for cover as ... ka - boooom !!! a dumpster explode . the truck Driver jump to he foot ... 11/10/97 78 . truck driver ( into sleave ) we have contact . Black camaro - 79 inside the swat van 79 the Van speed up as we hear ... truck driver ( o.c. ) - license number hqw -256 . 80 ext . CITY street - day 80 from every direction , unmark car , squad unit and the swat Van converge on the area . 81 int . camaro - moving 81 swan drive with deadly confidence , glance at Mary tenderly . swan you okay ? mary Alex - swan I know . I warn they . he swerve leave , then right , pull a transmitter out of he pocket . mary what be that ? swan Security . he set a dial to 10 , push a button . the transmitter count down ... 9 , 8 , 7 ... 11/10/97 79 . 82 ext . alley - day 82 the camaro tear down a one - way alley go the wrong way . intercut with transmitter countdown - 6 , 5 , 4 ... undercover vehicle race after the camero , second behind . 5 , 4 , 3 ... they swerve into the alley . then just as swan whoosh out , a charge explode a stack of 55 gallon drum . they fall down into the path of the pursuer who crash into the flaming drum . the lead car explode ... 83 ext . / int . STREET - camero - moving - day 83 Mary look back in horror as she 's whisk away . 84 int . downtown bar - day 84 Dark , filthy , last stop to nowhere . 85 int . back hallway 85 drunk , deject , look like shit , Reilly wait for a fix with a couple other junkies . the tv in the bar drone in the background . the Dealer appear and gesture to Reilly . dealer c'mon , cowboy , you be next . Reilly trudge over . dealer okay , what 's it gonna be ? I get China White , snow flake , ivory Pearl ... 11/10/97 80 . Reilly look up sharply as he hear the tv , visible through the doorway . reporter on tv we be come to you live near the scene of that latest , explosion that rip through a downtown alley less than half a hour ago . something clear behind Reilly ' eye . dealer ( impatient ) hey , asshole ... reporter on tv despite grow fear and talk of a coverup , police have seal off the area and be refuse to comment about fatality , or the rumor that terrorist may be involved . Reilly 's eye shift , mind racing . dealer hey , I be talk to you -- suddenly himself again , Reilly bolt up , send the Dealer and he equipment scatter , and streak off . he burst out of the front door of the bar into the glare of sunlight ... we can hear siren not too far off . 86 int . studebaker - moving - day 86 driving like a maniac as usual , Reilly grab the radio mike with one hand , pull he back - up .357 out of the glove-box . he listen out the window for the siren , he look up at the sound of approach helicopter . 87 ext . gas station - day 87 in the service bay , a mechanic raise the black camaro on a hydraulic lift , out of sight from the street . 11/10/97 81 . out front , swan pay a attendant , climb into a orange U - haul truck with Mary , drive off . a beat , a squad car and a unmark speed past the Gas Station . 88 ext . / int . street - u- haul - moving 88 swan brushes Mary 's hair from she face . swan you hungry ? we could get something to eat . Mary shake she head , scared . swan what 's the matter ? mary nothing ... just tired . she force a smile . swan frown suspiciously as he turn down a service road , pull into ... 89 ext . self -storage warehouse - day 89 swan pull up to the load dock of the warehouse . inside the truck cab mary why be we stop here ? swan we be move ' on . I have to pick up the supplies . just two little box . Mary turn white . mary no ... no more kill . swan stay here . 11/10/97 82. mary Alex , please . swan stay in the truck . he get out , disappear into the building . Mary glance around desperately , see a phone booth at the corner . she look back at the warehouse , the phone again , terrify . loading dock yanking she door open , Mary dash to the booth , search she pocket . empty . she dial zero ... it ring and ring , then finally ... operator ( o.c. ) Operator . mary get I the police ! operator ( o.c . ) be this a emergency ? mary yes ! please , hurry ! Mary 's back be to the warehouse as she wait forever . sergeant's voice Police , sergeant doyle speak . mary please , I need help , my name be -- sergeant doyle's voice whoa , slow down , lady . now what 's that again ? 11/10/97 83. suddenly Mary see the reflection of a face in the phone booth glass . she whirl - swan be stand behind she ! swan who be you call , sis ? mary what ? nobody , I - she try to hang up . swan grab the receiver . mary Alex , please - swan shut up ! ( into phone ) who be this ? sergeant doyle's voice sergeant doyle , Metro p.d. look , what 's go on --? swan 's eye turn cold , slam down the phone . mary help ! swan grab Mary , drag she with he . a pair of teenage boy on skateboard notice , veer over . boy hey --? swan whip out he Mac - 11 . the boy skate for cover as swan drag Mary back to the u-haul . the open back door reveal a number of 55 gallon drum , some box and two milk crate of c4 . he slam down the slide door , move around front and shove Mary inside . 11/10/97 84 . 90 int . studebaker - moving - day 90 caught in traffic , map spread out in he lap , Reilly slam on he horn . reilly c'mon , move it . his police radio crackle . dispatcher voice all unit , 211 report at 8th and sycamore . suspect be a caucasian male , armed with a automatic weapon , last see head east with female hostage in a U - haul truck ... Reilly perk up , check he map . jam the wheel , he crash out of traffic , rip the bumper off the car in front of he , and rocket away . he grab he mic , think , disguise he voice . reilly dispatch , this be Reilly . dispatcher voice go ahead . reilly patch I through to the bomb squad . dispatcher voice be not you on suspension ? reilly just do it . dispatcher voice hang on . Reilly run a red . 11/10/97 85 . t.j.'s voice t.j. here . reilly t.j. , it 's Reilly , put Glass on ! 91 ext . / int . STREET - bomb squad van - moving - day 91 t.j. be in the passenger seat , bev sit in the back with schnoz , Glass drive . Glass take the mic . glass what 's up ? intercut with reilly reilly where you guy at ? glass driving in circle , wait for - reilly catch that alert ? that 's he in the u-haul . glass how do you know ? reilly cuz he get the girl , now he 's leave town . glass should we head for the interstate ? reilly would you ? glass no , I would slip out past the hotel district , behind Greyhound ... reilly I , too . 11/10/97 86 . Reilly hang up , fishtail around a corner , map blow out the window . 92 ext . street - day 92 patrol car , unmark and the swat Van criss -cross the street in confusion ... 93 ext . another STREET - day 93 t.j. speed by in the bomb squad van . 94 int . studebaker - moving - day 94 Reilly swerve onto 8th Street , eye search desperately . rounding the rear of a huge glass luxury hotel , Reilly catch a glimpse of orange disappear around a corner . Reilly bang a hard right to go around the block . reilly ( into mic ) Glass , eighth Street , alley behind Grand Hotel . cut he off . glass ( 0.c. ) ( on radio ) you get it . 95 ext . another STREET - day 95 the bomb squad accelerate ... 96 int . studebaker - moving - day 96 Reilly change channel on the radio ... reilly ( into mic ) all unit , suspect spot head down alley behind Grand Hotel . ( more ) 11/10/97 87 . reilly ( cont . ) ( beat ) we need back - up , now . 97 ext . / int . STREET - swat van - moving - day 97 winter be shocked at the sound of Reilly 's voice . winter ( into mic ) Reilly , what the hell be you -? reilly ( o.c. ) ( on radio ) Fire I later . Close in and we get the bastard . winter pull back . you be only a observer . 98 ext . / int . STREET - studebaker - moving - day 98 Reilly throw down he mic , aim at the alley ahead and speed up , then crank into the alley , screech to a stop . 99 ext . alley - day 99 the u- haul barrel down the alley . swan see Reilly up ahead get out of he car and aim he .357 swan slam on the brake . throw the vehicle into reverse . check he mirror to see the bomb squad Van appear at the end of the alley . he 's completely pin in . Glass and t.j. jump out , they be in bullet - proof vest , aim shotgun , use the van as a shield . bev jump out with schnoz and slip behind the van entirely . at the studebaker Reilly 's radio crackle ... winter ( o.c. ) Reilly , what 's happen ? Reilly ! Reilly ! do not engage . we be five minute - 11/10/97 88. reilly ( into mic ) we will keep he pin in , you guy hurry up ! Reilly throw do the mic , take aim again . the u-haul idle . swan 's rage erupt . he climb out with Mary in tow . alley Reilly aim carefully ... swan keep he Mac - 11 to Mary 's head . Reilly be freeze by the move . swan back to the rear of the van . he slide up the door , revealing the drum and explosive to the bomb squad . he reach in and grab a remote control . siren be come closer , only a block or two away ... at the bomb squad van Glass and t.j. drop they jaw . they see swan depress the remote , arming the explosive . t.j. Jesus ... glass Reilly ! he 's load ! alley reilly ( yell ) Glass , you guy take cover , goddammit ! swan I want out , right now . or the whole city block be go . 11/10/97 89 . glass Reilly , he 's get enough to do it . Reilly leave the cover of he car and scurries along the side of the alley , escape swan 's view . swan rage . he move around the van , pull Mary along . swan sprays a flurry of bullet over Reilly 's head ... Reilly dive for cover as bullet rip the alley wall inch from he face . swan whirl and sprays the bomb squad Van , drop t.j. with a shot to the leg . bev drop to he aid . Glass grimace , have be hit in the shoulder . Reilly move forward about to take the shot . glass ( cont . ) Reilly , do not . he 's get a pressure switch . he release it , we be do for . swan turn back to Reilly , ram he Mac - 11 to she throat . swan Drop it . mary ( to Reilly ) take he ! Mary jerk away from swan . Reilly fast fire . swan take Reilly 's shot in the chest . he smile as he start to fall , he hand start to open up to release the detonator ... Mary dive onto swan and grab at the remote , clasp it in she hand . swan collapse , Mary on top of he . 11/10/97 90 . Reilly and Glass sprint at the u-haul , reach a tremble , bleed Mary . she clinch she jaw , fight the grief , hold on to the remote . Reilly reach Mary first and put he hand over she 's - she look up into he eye -- distraught . glass hold on to that thing tight . Glass go to the explosive and look over the set-up . glass ( cont . ) Jesus Fucking H. Christ ... Reilly have never hear Glass swear before ... reilly fuck factor ? glass off the scale . reilly what do we do ? Glass turn to Mary . glass can you hold it ? she nod . Reilly release she gently , join Glass at the van . reilly talk to I . let 's assess . glass right . 11/10/97 91 . Glass stare at the digital read - out on the device anchore in one of the c4 crate . it read : " 1:30 , 1:29 ... " reilly c'mon , talk to I ! we can do it ! glass he have a timer go as back - up , in case we get a hold of the remote . ( beat ) okay ... first , run you finger along the edge , feel for a sensor . Reilly do it the way he see Glass do it before . glass good , now the other side . reilly nothing . glass okay , let 's go in . 1:18 , 1:17 , 1:16 .... Reilly feel around , finally find a access hole . Reilly work the hole bigger . glass ( cont . ) not enough time ... gotta go for the blast cap . only one chance ... hand entry . reilly keep talk . glass Close you eye , feel you fingertip . tell I everything you feel . 11/10/97 92 . Reilly ' hand disappear into the hole . close - up - inside the bomb his finger snake through complex circuitry as he describe each layer . reilly wire ... metal , cold ... something soft ... glass do not touch that . back to scene the red digital number keep count down : 0:38 , 0:37 , 0:36 reilly more metal ... sharp edge ... glass stay to you leave . deeper , deeper . at the bomb squad van the swat Van and a unit arrive , winter and benson jump out , the swat team be about to follow - t.j. get outta here , swan 's down , but they be chill a device . winter look to the action at the u-haul , see Reilly and Glass busy at work . he nod at benson . 0:30 , 0:29 , 0:28 ... finally Reilly ' finger touch a button object . we hear the swat Van and the unit retreat at the end of the alley . 11/10/97 93. reilly something round , two wire ... glass that 's the blast cap - good ! okay , now grab it by the base and pull it straight up . no , wait ... reilly what 's wrong ? glass too easy . there 's gotta be something else in there , another cap maybe . reilly make up you mind , trigger . 0:19 , 0:18 , 0:17 ... glass ease you thumb over to the right - feel anything ? Reilly eye shift as he hide finger feel around ... reilly yeah , another round thing . glass okay , one of the cap turn it on , the other shut it down . reilly which one 's which ? glass I do not know . reilly what ... ? 11/10/97 94 . glass when in doubt , pull the yellow wire . reilly how the hell do you feel yellow ? glass no excuse , just do it ! 10 ... Reilly glare at Glass . 9 ... his face be drip with sweat . 8 ... his finger shift back to the first cap . 7 ... they close over it , ready to pull . 6 ... but then they stop . 5 ... Reilly frown . 4 ... Glass stab he with a look . 3 ... 2 ... lightn -quick , Reilly ' finger fly back and yank the second cap out of its base . the counter stop . 0:01 . Reilly and Glass and stare at it , hold they breath , hardly dare to believe it 's true . they whoop and explode with relief . it 's over ... it 's finally over . glass ( cont . ) not bad , for a rookie . reilly thanks . Reilly and Glass turn to Mary who have lose consciousness but be still hold the remote tightly . 11/10/97 95 . Glass look up to see t.j. and bev peek from around they van . glass all clear , but we need a ambulance ! bev jump into the van to make the call as t.j. start limping towards the u-haul . schnoz yelp and drop from the van and run for the U - haul . Reilly cradle Mary in he lap as Glass kneel and remove the remote - the red light stop flash , then turn off . t.j. arrive and look down at Reilly and Mary , then at the device in the u-haul . t.j. Nice work . dissolve to : 100 int . police station - squad room - day 100 the room be back to its usual bustling activity . 101 int . police station - winter's office - day 101 winter be go through report on he desk as Reilly enter . Reilly be clean up , shaven , haircut , new suit ... a new man . winter look up , impressed with the change . winter Mayor love a hero . winter hand Reilly a envelope and a new badge . winter ( cont . ) just want you want . you promotion , and transfer . 11/10/97 96 . reilly thank you , Captain . winter nod and go back to he paperwork . 102 int . the cave - day 102 t.j. and bev work closely together on a mock-device . t.j. be teach she the job . they smile warmly at each other . Glass be on the computer . Reilly enter . bev hey , you look great . t.j. flinch , but she wink at he to calm he down . t.j. smile ... no longer threaten . Glass do not look up from he computer . glass you be late . Glass point to the work station next to he where a bomb squad protocol Program be wait on the screen . Reilly smile and he sit next to Glass , hand he the transfer papers envelope . glass ( cont . ) ( soften ) welcome to the family . Glass accept the papers and shake Reilly 's hand . reilly Nice to be here . t.j. that feel will not last long . 11/10/97 97 . t.j. , Glass and bev start laugh . after a beat , Reilly join in heartily . fade out .