timber fall written by Dan Kay all revision write by tony giglio September 2006 fade in : 1 int . torture room # 1 1 close on - a young woman be eye . bloodshot blue . her eyelash tremble . a tear roll out . she blink . close on - a filthy , coarse rope secure a dirty rag inside she mouth . close on - the same type rope bind she ankle together . close on her hand - a mixture of blood , dirt . iron spike be naile through her palm . from above - the Young woman , 20 , wear a handmade dress with a small crest embroider over the heart , lie nail to a wooden table . a overhead light bulb dim , crackle . off screen : a blood - curdling scream cry out . the Young woman 's breathe intensify . she watch the light bulb , listen to the scream . the light bulb return to normal . the scream stop . peace for a moment . but she know that will not last . 2 int . torture room # 2 2 a young man , 20 , hang by he wrist from iron shackle secure to the ceiling . he 's bloody , bruise ... a mess . close on - the end of a pair of jumper cable . they touch , send SPARKS into the air . bring together by ... a concealed figure . all that 's visible be he hand . his leave hand be severely burned , scarree , while he right appear normal . he touch the jumper cable together again ... SPARKS fly . young man please - please stop . d- do not . the conceal figure ignore he plea , connect the leave cable to one shackle chain ... and then the right side . electricity surge through the body of the young man . he body contort . he scream . the light dim and crackle . 3 int . torture room # 1 3 close on - the light bulb dull . the scream of the Young man echo through the room . 2 . the Young woman close she eye . take several fast breaths then ... muster every ounce of strength in she body and ... her right hand trembles ... the Young woman grimace , in unbelievable agony , but then ... her right hand inches up the iron spike . slowly and painfully . piece of blood , skin and bone cling to spike as the hand move up . the light bulb return again to normal . the scream stop . the Young woman give a final hard push and ... free her right hand . blood pour from the wound . no time to waste . she turn she attention , strength to she leave hand ... ever - so-slowly ( and painfully ) it move . 4 int . torture room # 2 4 close on - the jumper cable attaches to the metal and ... electricity surge through the young man be body . he scream . 5 int . cabin - torture room # 1 5 the Young woman 's leave hand pop free . blood ooze out . off screen : scream from the young man . she sit up , go for the gag , but she finger cramp in pain . finally , she unty the knot , remove the gag . she cough , try to muffle the noise best she can . the scream stop . light return to normal . half way free . she go for the rope at she ankle , unty they , slide off the table . she grab a couple rag , tie they around she palm 's wound . 6 int . hallway / torture room # 2 6 the Young woman open the door , check to see if the coast be clear . it be . we be at the end of a long , dark hallway ( more like a tunnel , really ) . there be two more door in the hall , one in front of she another to she right . the door across from she be slightly ajar ... young woman' Pov thru door - the Young man dangle from the chain . suddenly , the conceal figure appear between the door and the Young man . the Young woman retreat , but realize the conceal figure have he back to she . 3. the young man see past the figure , lock eye with the Young woman . no hope for himself , he eye say : save yourself . the Young woman fight back tear , mouth the word " I Love you " . she carefully open the door to she right , reveal a rickety set of wooden step . she head up , just as ... light flicker . off screen : the Young man scream again . the Young woman quicken she pace . the scream drow out any sound , until ... just before she touch the top step ... the light return to normal . the Young man stop scream . the place go silent . the Young woman 's foot touch the step ... a loud creak ring out . the Young woman freeze . 7 torture room # 2 -- 7 the conceal figure turn towards the sound . 8 hallway , stair -- 8 the Young woman hold she breath . do he hear she ? 9 torture room # 2 -- 9 a steel axe / sickle hybrid ( a scary , handmade invention ) , rusted , save for the razor sharp edge , stick in a nearby wooden horse . the conceal figure snatch the weapon . young man sarah ! run ! 10 hallway , stair -- 10 Sarah ( Young woman ) bolt up the remain step . 11 torture room # 2 -- 11 the conceal figure rush for the door . in pursuit . smash CUT to : 12 ext . forest - sunset 12 sarah race through the thick forest . her bare , bloody foot and leg stomping over the hard dirt , branch , shrub , anything in she way . not too far behind ... the concealed figure ... ( the majority of he still hide ) follow she . weapon in hand . 4. sarah ... push through some thick brush , but ... trip , fall . she scream in pain , grab she foot , notice ... a large gash across the bottom . Sarah turn , hear ... the concealed figure .. approach in the distance . sarah ... will herself up , limp / run away . 13 ext . forest - clearing / cliff - sunset 13 Sarah exit the thick wood to discover , to she horror ... she stand at the edge of a cliff , take a peek over the side ... sarah be Pov - jagged rock and a small stream at the bottom , 200 foot below . a waterfall flow steadily nearby . before Sarah can fully digest the situation ... the concealed figure exit the forest , spin the weapon in he hand . anticipate its use . Sarah freeze in she spot . breath get short , heavier . her eye dart in every direction . what to do ? the conceal figure take one step forward and ... sarah jump off the cliff . Rather that fate than the other . the conceal figure walk up to the edge , look over ... at the bottom ... Sarah 's dead body lay twisted and bloody among the rock . the waterfall crash next to she . blood mix with the water turn it a deep red . cue title : timber fall ... dissolve to : 14 ext . highway - west virginia - day ( helicopter 2 nd unit ) 14 a black four- door vw passat cruise the interstate . a gortex duffel be strapped to the roof . 15 I /e. passat ( moving ) - day 15 mike warren , late 20 , with a devilish grin and look to kill , sit at the wheel . even a flashy pair of sunglass can not mask the twinkle in he eye . sheryl jame , late 20 , ride shotgun . this beauty 's get it all : tone bod , sharp mind and a heart-stopping smile . a open bag of chip sit in she lap . a couple of diet coke in the cup-holder . she cradle a cellphone mp3 player . 5 . mike come on , hit I . sheryl ( flip through tune ) chill ... I gotta find -- alright . mike you get one ? sheryl hit the " play " button . mike " warning Shots " , thievery Corporation . Mike grin . sheryl roll she eye . mike come on . next one . sheryl scroll again , hit play . mike " bullet " by the editor . sheryl frown . Mike grin and shoot she a wink . sheryl you load this song . you do not need to be so impressed with yourself . mike I know I do not have to be . sheryl I have not even hear of half this band . mike it 's call good music . you should try to familiarize yourself with it , instead of listen to the crap you do . sheryl I listen to crap ? mike hurt I to be the one to tell you . sheryl I be sure it do . 6 . mike you gotta be more like I , baby . think new , fresh , cut edge . I be look for the next Beatles , U2 or radiohead . sheryl scan through the mp3 player , spot one and smile . sheryl so , where do this band fall into that group ? the music start . boy' don't cry , " I want to be a cowboy " blare . sheryl Fresh , new or cut edge ? Mike immediately begin to backtrack . mike how would that get on there ? sheryl you load the song . you tell I ? mike must be a mistake . sheryl say here you have listen to it 86 time . busted . sheryl be this true ? have you always want to be a cowboy ? sheryl spy more ... sheryl you also get " Men without hat " great hit ? I do not know they qualified for a great hit album . can you break I off a little " Safety dance " ? Mike reach for the mp3 player . mike okay , give I that . the passat speed past a " West Virginia " state sign . shoot script october 17 , 2006 7 . 16 ext . national park entrance - day 16 the sun burn above . the passat turn into the park . 17 ext . parking lot , ranger station - day 17 the passat roll into a dirt parking lot . next to the lot be the Ranger Station . 18 int . ranger base station - day 18 Maps and local artifact adorn the wall . a display of some of the local animal , stuff of course , include a giant bear , fill in the gap . Mike and sheryl enter . they take in the place . Mike head toward the Ranger 's desk while sheryl eye the decor . SAM , 65 , a round - face ranger with a grumpy disposition , a hearing aid in he right ear , sit behind a desk . he continue work , scribbling on something as sheryl and Mike wait . and wait . then ... mike good morning . Sam hold up a " wait a second " finger . after a beat ... SAM now what can I do you two for ? sheryl spot some flier tack to a bulletin board . hiking gear for sale , Tour info , National Park History , etc . mike well ...ah ... SAM first time here and you be not quite sure where to begin . sheryl grab a National Park information flier . angle on - there be picture , a emergency contact information , guide Tour info , etc . SAM something like that . sheryl precisely like that . Sam stand , grab he lower back , a recur discomfort . as he dig around for something ... shoot script october 17 , 2006 8. sheryl notice , on the board ... angle on - a flier for a young miss couple . below that ... angle on - a photo of a girl : " Sarah travers " ( from the open scene ) . sheryl study it and shake off any concern by lock arm with Mike at the desk . SAM get you start with one of this . Sam grab a map and lay it out in front of the couple . SAM how long you folk hike for ? mike two day . head out early Sunday . SAM well , if you move at a decent clip , you could hit the summit by midday tomorrow . should still give you time to take it all in and make it down . sheryl any particular path ? SAM you folk experience hiker ? mike we have do some ah -- sheryl ( interrupt ) no. nothing like this . SAM for first -timer , I recommend either Willow Creek Bridge or donner Trail . sheryl donner Trail ? as in " the donner Party ? " SAM I be not sure of the name 's origin . they be the two path we regularly patrol . something happen and you be on one of the other trail , it might be awhile before we find you . 9 . mike where do we camp ? SAM unless it say not to , you can set up where you like . just make sure when you turn in that you extinguish you fire . oh , and this here 's bear country . they be not animal to fool with . you see one , you head the other way , especially if he 's feed . if the bear think you be get in the way of he food , that 's all she write . sheryl warily eye the stuff bear in the station . sheryl ( sarcastic ) great . SAM you get yourself a first aid kit ? mike nurse Betty here 's my first aid kit . Sam look confuse ... sheryl do not mind he . I be a nurse . SAM good for you . the question be , do you have a first aid kit ? sheryl yes , we have a first aid kit . SAM great , see how easy that be . ( move on ) it 's off -season , park 's pretty quiet . even more than usual . you may run into a few local , but -- sheryl people live up here ? SAM we have a few generation of family that have call this mountain home . most of `em be friendly . respect they land and they will respect you . 10 . Mike twang and air banjos , " dueling banjos " from ` deliverance . ' Sam be not amused . sheryl fight she temptation to laugh . mike sorry . SAM ( move on ) base be just outside , to the leave . at about two mile up there will be a junction where you can pick you path . mike thanks . Mike and sheryl offer a smile and quickly exit . 19 ext . ranger base station - day 19 Mike and sheryl exit . they burst out laugh . time CUT to : 20 ext . parking lot , ranger station - day 20 Mike dig through he backpack , double - check everything . what he do not show sheryl ... wrap in some sock : a .38 revolver . he tuck it discreetly away . sheryl check she bag as well . she clip a blue hiker ' towel to she waist . Mike check he cell phone . no service . mike you get anything ? sheryl check she phone and shake she head " no . " mike I will lock they in the car . sheryl I will take mine . mike why ? sheryl just to annoy you . mike seriously ... shoot script october 17 , 2006 11 . sheryl in a emergency , I would rather have a phone that may not work up there , than not have a phone that may work up there . huh ? Mike shake he head , put he phone in the glove compartment . sheryl tuck she phone and the flier into a side pocket of she backpack . Zip it shut . angle on - Mike 's key and he Boston Red Sox key chain . Mike lock the door . mike okay , we all set ? sheryl ( excite ) yup . mike let 's do this . Mike pull on he backpack , start walk . sheryl do not move . she eye they tent still rest on the car 's roof . sheryl hey , Einstein . what do you think , leave the tent or maybe take it with we ? Mike swallow he pride and retreat to the car . mike I be just see if you be pay attention . Mike come back to the car for the tent . sheryl shake she head and smile . 21 ext . base trail # 1 - day 21 the mountain be breathtaking . nature at its best . Mike and sheryl have begin they ascent . sheryl it could be fun . mike not a chance . High School reunion serve only two purpose ... to try to ( more ) 12 . mike ( cont would ) rehash so-called glory day if you be popular or to gloat if you be a spaz and be now filthy rich , bang a super-model . sheryl so what be you ? mike I ? I be a stoner . sheryl so what do that mean ? mike how the hell be I suppose to remember ? I be high all the time . sheryl swallow some water , check she compass . sweat roll down Mike 's forehead , sting he eye . sheryl do not have that problem . she 's wear a red bandana . mike where would you get that bandana ? sheryl it 's cute , right ? I stop by that Army - navy store on grover yesterday . keeps the sweat out of you eye . mike and when you be buy it , you do not think that maybe ... sheryl oh ...well ... it be the last one ... mike the last one ? sheryl yeah ... mike the entire Army - navy store ... sell out ? sheryl completely . there be some sort of run on bandanas at the last minute . sheryl stifles a chuckle . Mike shake he head , then ... she pull out a gray bandana , hand it to he . shoot script october 17 , 2006 13 . sheryl here ... you big baby . sheryl turn , as she do ... Mike pinch she behind , she playfully shriek , hustle away from he , but he pursue she , as they both crack up , they spill off the trail ... off the path ... Mike and sheryl continue they horseplay , when ... sheryl look down , scream ! a bloody , mutilated fox lay inside a rusted bear trap . the steel jaw of the trap have slice the body in two . the kill look fresh . mike Fucking nasty . sheryl what be it ? mike look like it 's a , or be , a fox . come on . Mike and sheryl head back to the path . angle on - the mutilated , bloody fox . 21a ext . bridge on base trail - day 21a Mike and sheryl hike over a small wooden bridge . 22 ext . base trail # 2 - day 22 Mike and sheryl reach a small clear . there be a number of sign point toward different trail . ( donner Trail , Willow Creek Bridge , timber Falls , etc . ) sheryl grab the map and some water . Mike swig some water , munch on trail mix , take a peek in the guidebook . sheryl what do you think ? " cannibal " Trail or the other one ? mike guidebook say a couple of this other trail lead to some pretty sweet view . sheryl we be not Lewis and / or Clark . we be gonna stick to one of the one the Ranger say . 14 . ida ( os ) you folk need some help ? ida foster , 40s , approach , wheeling some supplies in a handmade wagon . she be wear , haggard , but have a friendly , smile . she wear a flannel shirt , old jeans and dirty boot . mike we be just go over we option here . ida well , take it from I , any way you choose , you can not go wrong . sheryl the Ranger at base suggest donner Trail or ... ida ... Willow Creek Bridge . I think Sam only know that two trail . well . between that , I would pick donner Trail . Willow Creek will shoot you to the top , but there 's not as much to see . donner weave through peddler 's Point , it 's a better hike and prettier all around view . sheryl ( to Mike ) what do you think ? then , she notice a ring on sheryl 's finger . ida that 's a pretty ring . sheryl thank you . ida not you traditional wedding ring , but it 's all the same in the Lord 's eye . how long have you two be wed ? sheryl and Mike trade look . sheryl oh ... we be not marry . not yet anyway . Mike shoot she a look : " not yet ? " 15 . sheryl it 's a ring my father give I for graduation . ida ( embarrassed ) oh , I be sorry . you just look like you be marry be 'all . both so beautiful . ( beat ) I be just a old fashioned silly - bird . I need to mind my own business . sheryl no , it 's fine . mike ( change topic ) which one of that trail get the best clearing ? ida clearing ? neither will give you much in the way of clearing . but , there 's another path , this one here . ( point to the map ) timber Falls . its get some beautiful vista and one of the prettiest fall you will ever see . mike sound perfect . ( to sheryl ) yeah ? ida well , I will leave you to it . last thing you need be I fussing ' round you , take you from you private time . sheryl mike thank you . yeah , thanks for the tip . ida walk off , but stop only a few foot away . ida I be just gonna say it and go , but if you two be to marry ... I bet the Lord would bless you with a happy , healthy and handsome child . good luck and God bless you both . 16 . sheryl and Mike do not know how to respond . ida leave . once out of earshot ... sheryl I suddenly feel the need for confession . mike ( still linger on ... ) not yet ? Love take you shot , do not ya ? sheryl shoot he a stern , but playfully sexy , look . sheryl when I see a open . mike ( check map ) that path she be talk about wind through this fall . what do you think ? sheryl I think ... if you get eat by a bear and there be not a Ranger around , I be not carry what 's leave of you down this mountain . mike and they say romance be dead . ( smiling wide ) timber Falls it be . they throw on they backpack and head on they way . mike who 's Lewis and / or Clark ? sheryl you really be stone through high school . as Mike and sheryl trek up the path ... angle on - the directional sign , " timber Falls " 23 ext . timber fall trail # 1 - day 23 look back down on the thin path . find - sheryl and Mike continue they trek . ( splinter unit ) Mike maneuver around a massive tree . he freeze . gesture for sheryl to be quiet and mouth the word , " do not move . " 17 . sheryl stop , startle . Mike motion towards ... a mountain stag , with magnificent antler , chew on a plant in the distance . sheryl quietly slide out she digital camera . snap a photo of the animal . the stag stop chew and look at they . after a long beat , the stag skip away through the tree . sheryl watch the animal disappear , smile . Mike remove he backpack and cross to sheryl . he help remove she backpack and kiss she . she kiss he back . angle on - sheryl 's heart - shape locket through she shirt . mike you be go to lose that out here . sheryl it 's fine . I never take it off . not since you give it to I . betcha do not remember ... mike ... February 27 , 2006 . sheryl stare incredulously , romantically at Mike . speechless . mike I remember every moment with you . sheryl I have get you so whipped . they kiss . sheryl climb onto Mike 's lap . he lean back , better positioning , place he hand down , when ... mike ouch ! fuck ! Mike bring he hand back up . blood trickle out of a SMALL CUT across he palm . sheryl what ? mike my hand ... something stick it . 18 . sheryl quickly examine the cut . Mike quickly become flustered , woozy . he turn away from the wound . sheryl it 's okay . it 's not too deep . let I get the first aid kit . sheryl rummages through she bag . Mike , in more psychological discomfort than physical , look away wince . sheryl return , wipe the blood away best she can . she apply some peroxide ... mike fuck . that stung . sheryl gotta clean the wound , baby . 24 obscure Pov - through tree -- 24 from a distance ... a sickle blade enter frame , pull a branch aside . sheryl attend to Mike 's wound . the Pov narrow ... solely on sheryl . 25 timber fall , trail # 1 -- 25 Mike look at sheryl , a twinge of embarrassment in he eye . mike you know I and blood ... we do not do so well . sheryl I know . ( she finish ) all do . off screen : crunch of something step on a thicket . sheryl glance toward the sound . Mike admire the dress of the wound . mike not bad , nightingale . not bad at all . sheryl do you hear something ? Mike follow she eye-line . there 's a softer crunch . mike it 's probably the deer . 19 . sheryl the deer go in the other direction . Mike 's demeanor suddenly become cold , creepy . mike maybe it 's someone , or something , stalking we . sheryl quit it . mike something inhuman watch we every move . sheryl I say , knock it off . mike something come for you , sheryl . sheryl strap on she backpack . sheryl just when I think there 's hope for you . mike what ? sheryl you be a asshole . sheryl walk away . mike this be a joke . you be not really mad , be you ? sheryl ...? she turn the corner and be out of sight . mike I be sorry ! ( under he breath ) unbelievable . Mike 's in disbelief . he grab he backpack , head after she . mike sheryl ! he turn the corner , look up , but do not see she . the path wind like a snake . shoot script october 17 , 2006 20 . mike sheryl , wait up ! Mike move up the wind path . he stop , eye search . something 's wrong . the path open up . Mike can now see a hundred yard ahead , but ... no sign of sheryl . mike ( call out ) sheryl ?! this be not funny . silence . two bird scream and fly from they perch overhead . Mike eye the bird , then take off . Mike 's heart - rate increase . he move quickly up the path , a steep incline . he brushes past a bush and stop . lying just off the path ... sheryl' blue hiker' towel . he pick it up . mike sheryl ?! no reply . his heart now pounding . Mike move faster . up ahead , he stop again , find ... sheryl' red bandana . mike sheryl ! silence . Mike pick up the bandana . he 's fly . he cut through some tiny evergreen , off the path ... 26 ext . just off the trail , timber fall # 1 - day 26 Mike freeze when he see ... sheryl 's backpack lie against a tree . a few foot farther along , she cut - off jean short . next to they ... she shirt . but no sheryl , until ... sheryl ( os ) good old hansel . follow the trail of bread crumb . Mike turn to see sheryl lie against a rock , wear just she bra and panty . she smile at he coyly . Mike exhales deeply . relieved , but fume . mike you bitch . shoot script october 17 , 2006 21 . sheryl do not feel good to be tease , do it ? okay , he have that come . mike truce ? sheryl truce . he take she in . she 's quite a sight . he sit down next to she . they kiss . then ... Mike break the embrace . mike do not disappear on I again . sheryl mouth the word , " I promise . " cross she heart . he lean in , they kiss again . Soft and sweet at first . then it deepen . sheryl rub he chest and remove he shirt . they kiss again . harder this time . they hand all over one another . Mike slide he hand under sheryl 's panty , between she leg . she moan softly . sheryl unhook she bra and be about to remove it , when : darryl ( o.s. ) hey , brody , lonnie . check this out . darryl , 30 , a skinny local with a twisted smile and lonnie , 20' , a slob , emerge from the forest . they be follow by ... brody , 35 , scruffy and unshaven , they ringleader . brody clutches a shotgun in one hand and a weathered sack in the other . darryl look like we get ourselves a little party . brody and darryl ogle sheryl . she tuck herself behind Mike , who shift quickly into protective mode . she snap she bra back close . mike we be just move we way up the mountain . 22 . lonnie you be move you way'round more than just that . sheryl eye she discard clothes . darryl spot they too . he grab the short , sniff they . darryl ( refer to the smell ) like a peach . Mike try to seem relaxed and friendly . brody you folk best be careful about what you do up here ... never know who 's watch . mike appreciate the advice ... I think we learn we lesson . brody nod as he look they up and down . lonnie you city folk , be not ya ? up from Charleston rough it , see how the " other " half life ? mike no , we be from Virginia , just up for a weekend trip . and , uh ... you folk live up here ? brody glance at darryl and lonnie , then back at Mike . brody it 's easy to spot the city folk . it 's like they be try to be friendly , when really they do not want to be . mike I think you just startle we be all . sheryl look over at ... ... lonnie stick he tongue between he finger , rapidly flail it about . uncomfortable silence . 23 . mike we will just be on we way . ( re : sheryl 's short ) May I have that ? a bold move from Mike . darryl finder keeper . Long beat . tension high . brody darryl . brody concede , gesture to darryl to give the short back . darryl reluctantly oblige . Mike pass they to sheryl who slide they on . darryl and lonnie soak in every inch of sheryl as she do . Mike take sheryl 's hand . they make a move , but ... brody stop they with the barrel of he shotgun . brody where you runnin ' off to ? lonnie yeah , we just get acquainted and shit . Mike glance down at the barrel that run across he chest . he can no longer hide he fear . mike we just want to get a little further along before the sun set . darryl eye the sky . the sun beam down through the tree . darryl plenty of time ' fore that . mike look . we do not want any trouble . we just want to be on we way ... brody and why do you suppose we mean to make trouble ? Mike look down at the gun . brody smile a yellow smile . shoot script october 17 , 2006 24 . brody you folk enjoy the spirit ? mike Excuse I ? the what ? darryl spirit . lonnie booze ! mike sure . yeah . brody hand darryl the shotgun and drop he sack . brody pull a mason jar with clear liquid out of the sack . brody why do not you try a taste of this ? brody unscrew the cap and offer the jar to Mike . Mike eye sheryl . clearly she do not think it 's a good idea . Mike accept the jar , hesitates , then take a sip . he squirm , wince , but force it down . Mike turn red and cough . brody and darryl be loving it . darryl betcha never taste nuthin'like that ? darryl would win that bet . brody fifty buck . Mike have no idea what he 's talk about . brody I will sell you the jar for fifty buck . darryl ( ogle sheryl ) or maybe we could do we a little trade . mike let I get my wallet . Mike open a zipper on he backpack , rummages around . angle on - inside the bag ... the .38 revolver . 25 . Mike think about grab it . sheryl shocked to see the gun . she tense up . angle on - brody . the shotgun . Mike think , then ... sheryl fifty buck sound like a bargain . ( to Mike ) pay the man . Mike reach past the gun and grab he wallet . he count out the cash , hand it to brody . brody smile , hand the jar to Mike . brody pleasure do business with ya . take care now . brody nod at Mike and sheryl , walk off down the trail . darryl grin at sheryl , follow brody . lonnie should you tire of you present company ... just holla and I will come run with bell on darling . he smile a creepy wide smile . he turn and catch up to the other . once they be out of sight ... Mike take a moment to gather himself . sheryl grab she shirt still on the ground , put it on . mike be you okay ? sheryl you bring a gun ? no response . sheryl pick up she towel and bandana . sheryl why do you bring a gun ? mike same reason you bring you cellphone . better to have it and not need it . to protect we . sheryl lotta good it just do . 26 . sheryl turn from Mike , walk back to the path . mike ( then , call out ) you want to go back ? ( no response ) sheryl ? I be sorry . sheryl we should have stick to one of the patrol path . sheryl charge ahead , back to the path . mike ( under he breath ) fuck . Mike get up , grab he bag and follow sheryl . 27 ext . mountain - day ( 2nd unit ) 27 the sun begin to set , bask the mountain range in a magnificent light . 28 ext . waterfall - timber fall trail # 2 - day 28 Mike and sheryl move right along . still not speak . the path fork at a beautiful waterfall . Mike stop , face the fall , turn to see ... sheryl behind he , catch up . as she do , she slip ... mike you alright ? sheryl ( balance herself ) yeah . she 's about to walk past he , but he reach for sheryl 's hand and hold it . mike I be sorry . sheryl do you know how many time I have have someone die on I ? how many child ? I stop keep count . mike I think ... I be not think . what do you want I to do ? 27 . sheryl get rid of the gun . mike what ... now ? out here ? she hold firm . mike I can not just leave it here in the wood , some kid could find it . sheryl then get rid of the bullet now and when we get home , you get rid of the gun . Mike think about it . his instinct scream not to do this , then ... sheryl please . Mike relent . he remove he backpack , zip it open . he pull out the gun , open it , spill the bullet out . Mike with a deep breath , toss the bullet into the wood . sheryl be that all of they ? mike yes . Mike step back to sheryl , they hug . sheryl thank you . crack ! a strange sound , like wood snap , startles sheryl . Mike turn as well . they eye widen . crack ! the figure emerge from the clear , practically landing on top of they . it 's ... clyde , a Park Ranger , mid - 50' , friendly . he 's get a weed cutter in he hand , wear a pair of work glove . he 's just as surprised to see they . sheryl and Mike breath a sigh and offer he a smile . clyde oh. do not mean to startle you folk . just clear some of the brush off ( more ) shoot script october 17 , 2006 28 . clyde ( cont would ) the path . we have some heavy rain this past week , knock some tree and branch down . one of the new recruit be suppose to do yesterday , but ... if you want something do right , you gotta do it yourself . mike it 's fine . we be lead to believe this trail be not regularly patrol . clyde it 's not , but ... it 's one of my favorite spot , so I often find a excuse to swing by . sheryl it 's gorgeous . clyde yup . there be a couple more fall in the park , but none quite so ... invite as this one . now do not take my word for it , you can see for yourself ... how long 's you stay ? sheryl just till Sunday . clyde yeah , no . the other fall be clear on the other side . it would take you a couple night just to get there . sheryl maybe next time . mike this be a quickie trip . just get out of the city for a couple day . clyde the city , huh . which ? if it 's Charleston , I would not blame ya . Whole place smell like foot . I gotta haul myself all the way down to the hospital there for my yearly because the darn hmo 's rule and regulation will not let I visit the local Doc . not my cup of tea at all , but if you like it there , then ... sheryl no , we be not from Charleston . shoot script october 17 , 2006 29 . mike but apparently we look like we be . sheryl we live in Alexandria . it 's just outside of D.C. clyde oh. I have be there , few year back . now that city I like . lotta beautiful church if I recall correctly . which congregation do y'all belong to ? mike um ... not sure . sheryl keep track of all that for we . sheryl ? sheryl give Mike the " you be a asshole " look . then ... sheryl uh ... we be between congregation at the moment . awkward . clyde well ... I should get back to work . Sun will be down soon and that path be not gettin' clear on its own . clyde walk off , until ... sheryl Excuse I ... Sir ? sheryl do not know he name . clyde stop , turn back . clyde the name 's clyde . sheryl clyde , would you recommend a nice spot nearby to make camp for the night ? clyde be happy too ... let 's see ... oh , I get it . " five corner " will be perfect . it 's just a bit up the way here , near the Lake . it 's five large rock which sit in a clear with a view of the whole park . the rock retain the heat from the day , so if you set up camp between they you will not be so cold . 30 . sheryl sound perfect . mike thanks . clyde just do my job . you have fun and be careful . good evening . clyde tip he cap and disappear . 29 ext . five corner - day 29 Mike and sheryl hike up a steep slope . as they step through the wood , they look upon ... five large rock , arrange in a awkward semi-circle . they walk into the circle , take off they backpack . sheryl this be incredible . Mike open the tent pouch , start remove the many part . sheryl Ranger say there 's a lake near by . mike what ? sheryl the lake . I would kill to rinse off . sheryl make a move ... mike whoa . wait a sec . it will be dark soon . sheryl where 's you sense of adventure ? she take off . mike sher. seriously . let 's wait `til morning . 30 obscure Pov -- 30 on sheryl as she stop . look out towards the water . 31 . close on - the concealed figure's eye . two different color , with he leave be void of almost all color . also notice scarring around the leave eye , there 's no eyebrow and he skin be pale and splotchy . the conceal figure hold all he attention on ... 31 five corner -- 31 sheryl realize he 's right and walk back over to Mike . sheryl Fine . Mike stare at the many assort part of the tent , the sheet of instruction laid out . he hold one of the pole , which consist of separate link connect by a string . he have no idea where to begin . sheryl do you know what you be do ? mike I think its pretty obvious that I do not . sheryl laugh . 32 ext . tree , outskirt of five corner - continuous 32 the conceal figure retreat into the forest . dissolve to : 33 ext . five corner - night 33 star fill the sky . cricket chirp , but aside from that , peace and quiet reign . a fire crackle . a tent for two have be pitch . dirty pot , pan litter the area . dinner 's over and do . Mike and sheryl cuddle by the fire . a sleep bag wrap around they . mike that be ... the worst dinner ever . sheryl ( beat ) you cook . 32 . mike yeah , I be aware . ( beat ) you know what would make this evening perfect ? moonshine . I get a whole jar of it . there 's a sentence I never think I would say . " I have a jar of moonshine . " matter of fact , I have get enough to share with we entire congregation ... sheryl ... in Charleston . mike we home city , of course . but I should start with you ... would you like some moonshine ? sheryl smile , shake she head playfully . mike then what would you like ? sheryl I would like to fuck you . mike not very Christian of you . sheryl I be more Old Testament . mike what 's that mean ? sheryl not sure . but I think it 's the nastier of the two book . sheryl pull Mike into she , they kiss . strong and deep . sheryl abruptly break the kiss , enough foreplay . she stand up , pull Mike into the tent with she . 34 int . tent - night 34 sheryl pull off she sweatshirt , then the T-shirt . Mike kick off he shoe , drop he pants . Mike unbutton sheryl 's jeans , tug they off . sheryl unhook she bra , toss it aside . Mike slide she panty down she leg and off . 33 . few thing in life can be describe as perfect . sheryl 's naked body be one of they . sheryl pull Mike 's boxer down , climb on top of he . she reach down and slide Mike inside she . sheryl kiss Mike . he slide he hand around sheryl 's butt . sheryl paw he chest , bite he lower lip hard . the lover move in unison . perfection . 35 ext . tent - five corner - night 35 Inside the tent , Mike and sheryl continue . they campfire still burn . suddenly ... a shadow creep into frame . then a boot . someone 's outside they tent . 36 int . tent - night 36 breath get short , stronger . sheryl and Mike build to climax . they do not / can not notice ... a shadow pass across the wall of the tent . the last final moment before ... climax . the lover exhale . sheryl crash on top of Mike . he wrap he arm tightly around she . time CUT to : 36 a ext . tent - night 36 a the last flame on the fire slowly burn out . 36 B int . tent - night 36 B Mike and sheryl spoon , they hand and finger mess together as one . mike I be good . I mean , even better than usual . sheryl if you do not say so ... mike ... if I do not say so myself , yeah . top notch performance . what , you disagree ? 34 . sheryl Nah , it be good . do you think I have anything to do ... mike no . all I . sheryl Fine . ( beat ; cautious ) I like what the old woman say about we earlier . mike what do she say ? sheryl that she think we be marry . mike ( groan ) you be relentless . Mike get up , start dress . sheryl I would not be a proper girlfriend if I do not nag every now and then . mike I get it , but it make I feel like the bad guy every time . which make I feel like shit . sheryl I be sorry . I do not mean that . where be you go ? mike do out there , what you do in here . sheryl what 's that ? mike put out the fire . Mike exit . sheryl lie back down , exhales in frustration . 37 ext . tent - five corner - night 37 Mike , now fully dress , pour a bucket of water over the campfire . in the background , bag hang from a tree ( just as Ranger Sam ask they to do . ) 35 . a smolder mist of smoke be all that 's leave of the fire . Mike drop the bucket , head for the tent , when ... he suddenly stop , notice ... on the ground ... a fresh muddy footprint . Mike compare he boot to it . it 's not the same size . Mike survey the area . all 's quiet now . but a uneasy feel have creep back into he bone . Mike climb back inside the tent , zip it shut . fade to black . fade in : 38 ext . five corner - sunrise 38 the sun peek over the horizon and through the cloud . a bird crow . 39 int . tent - day 39 sheryl 's eye SNAP open . she 's nestle comfortably in Mike 's arm . he 's still asleep . 40 ext . tent - five corner - day 40 sheryl , now dress , towel in hand , bandana wrap around she hair , vomit behind some tree . after , she take a couple deep breath , swishes some water in she mouth . a beat later , she head off . 41 ext . lake - day 41 sheryl stand on the lake 's shore , check a couple time over both shoulder . then , she take she sweat and bandana off . Lay they on top of she towel . sheryl , wear only she locket , carefully step into the water ... it 's cold . but nevertheless she desire to feel clean outweigh the temperature discomfort . on she own little count to three ... she dunk she head below the water . as she drop out of sight , reveal -- on land , in the distance ... the concealed figure stand on the shore , watch her . in the water ... sheryl pop up , turn towards land and ... the concealed figure be go . sheryl come back to land . she grab she towel , dry she hair and pat herself dry . she pull on she sweatpant , 36 . start to tie she bandana around she head , and turn straight into ... the concealed figure . close on - the steel sickle / axe sheryl scream . the sound resonate over ... 42 int . tent - day 42 Mike open he eye . something wake he up , not exactly sure what . he sit up and yawn , stretch he stiff body . he 's alone in the tent . 43 ext . tent - five corner - day 43 Mike , now dress , stand behind a tree , take a piss . he shudder slightly . it 's cold . Mike finish he business , grab he water bottle and take a long drink . he peel off the bandage from he hand . it look fine today . he look around , but no sign of sheryl . 44 ext . lake - day 44 Mike walk up to the water , look in both direction . nothing . a pang of concern register . he kneel down , cup some water and splashes it over he face , hair . as he open he eye , he notice something . in the wash of the wave , sparkling in the sunlight . it 's sheryl 's locket . the chain break . he pick it up ... mike ( call out ) sheryl ! Mike look around . he 's completely alone . the blood drain from he face . Mike pocket the necklace . he start into the water ... do she drow ? just as he get knee deep ... off screen : a scream cry out ! Mike stop , turn back look at the forest . mike sheryl ! he hustle out of the water , head for the wood . 37 . 45 ext . wood near stream - day 45 Mike hustle through the thick patch of tree and hit the steep little slope . he fly up the slope but lose traction and slip , banging he knee . mike fuck ! ( top of he lung ) sheryl ! Mike push himself up , continue on . 46 ext . wood near stream # 2 - day 46 Mike 's really move now . he scoot through the first patch of tree and hustle down a slope . 47 ext . clearing , timber fall trail - day 47 Mike emerge from the wood , drop into a clear . look around wildly ... Pov of mike - have he be here before ? it all look the same ? not even sure which direction he just come from . mike sheryl ! still nothing . Mike swallow . what to do now ? smash CUT to : 48 ext . wood # 1 - off timber fall trail - day 48 tight on mike as he race through the tree . he legs trample over rock , dirt , shrub . then ... Mike trip , fall down hard . he lift he forearm to reveal blood , scrape and a long sharp splinter stick out . the sight of it almost make Mike puke right then and there . Mike grab hold of the splinter , turn he head ... take about a thousand short quick breath and ... pull the splinter out ! blood squirt across he face . he remove the gray bandana from he back pocket , wrap it around he wound . Mike lay back , stare up into the sky . tries to catch he breath , calm down . then ... faint sound of laughter . 38 . Mike sit up . again , faint sound of laughter . Mike stand , take a couple of step toward the sound . more laughter . Mike 's get the scent , take off in its direction . 49 ext . wood # 2 , off timber fall trail - day 49 Mike follow the voice through a thick patch of tree . he stop at the top and look down . Pov of mike - walk along the main path , obscure by the tree , be darryl and lonnie . they drink , laugh about something . lonnie carry some fishing pole . Mike 's about fifteen foot above they . he narrow he focus in on ... mike' Pov - darryl twirling something in he hand . it 's sheryl 's blue hiker ' towel . Mike turn red with fury . he look back down ... mike' Pov - darryl , a shotgun sling around he shoulder . Mike look around and spot a large point stick lie near a tree , parallel to he . 50 ext . timber fall trail # 4 - day 50 darryl and lonnie continue along , until ... off screen : a loud crack . darryl stop , turn . lonnie look at daryl . lonnie what be it ? hear something ? darryl hold he look into the wood , then ... darryl Nah . it 's nothing . suddenly , Mike leap from behind a tree , whack the surprised darryl across the face with the stick . darryl drop like a sack of potato . Mike lock eye with a terrify lonnie . mike where be she !? lonnie pause , freeze . he then take off , disappear through the tree . 39 . darryl lie on the ground , moaning . he push himself up to he knee . blood pour from a fresh gash across he head . Mike grab darryl 's shotgun , aim at darryl . darryl whoa ... take it easy . mike where be she ? darryl who ? what the fuck you talk about ? mike what do you do to she ? darryl I do not fuckin ' do nothing . mike where be she ?! darryl I do not know ! Mike crack darryl across the jaw with the barrel . mike you have sheryl 's towel ... what the fuck do you do to she ?! darryl 's a mess , he nose bust . he gag on blood and tooth . Mike stare at the bloody desight that be darryl . even Mike have to turn away for a moment for this . then ... darryl foun ' towel . mike what ? darryl I foun ' the towel . mike you find it ? that 's you be fuck story , you inbred fuck ?! ( point gun at darryl 's head ) stop fuck lie or I will kill you ! 40 . darryl Don ' kill I ... please ... I foun ' it ... up ... up the paf back `dere ... just a bit ago ... fuckin'swear ! Mike 's finger itches the trigger . he 's turn red . breathe hard , heavy . then ... Mike relent . lower the weapon , turn he back to darryl , stare into the wood . the tension fade for the moment . but only a moment . darryl do not think you have that in you , city boy . ( look at he shirt ; the blood ) shit ... I just get dis shirt . darryl , while Mike be distract , seize he opportunity , reach behind ... angle on - darryl slide a pocket knife from he back pocket . darryl damn shame you lose that fine piece o'ass . something that sweet do not come 'round every day . even for pretty folk like you . mike shut the fuck up . angle on - still conceal from Mike , darryl open the pocket knife , the blade fully extend . darryl you best hope you find she ' fore I do . `cause I will enjoy tear she ass apart . ( Mike turn , face darryl ) and when I be do there , I will cut she eyeball out and skull fuck she . ( Mike simmer to a boil ) any luck , brody 's already beat I to it . mike sonofabitch ! Mike take a step towards darryl , when ... darryl lunge out at mike , pocket knife in hand . darryl miss with he initial swipe , but it 's enough to knock Mike down , the shotgun fall to the side . 41 . darryl pin Mike to the ground , try to dagger the knife into he , but Mike grab he wrist . they struggle . darryl push down , the knife inches closer to mike' chest , until ... Mike head -butt darryl , send the skinny hick off he . darryl roll away in pain . Mike scramble , crawl for ... the shotgun . he grab it . darryl regroup , turn around , but be meet with ... whack ! mike bashes darryl 's face with the butt . this knock darryl completely out . Mike stand over darryl . a beat . then ... mike sheryl ! 51 ext . mountain - day ( 2nd unit ) 51 the morning fog have dissipate as streak of sunlight pierce the cloudy sky . 52 ext . five corner - day 52 Mike arrive back at they campsite , shotgun in tow . he freeze , completely floor . everything be go . the tent , the backpack , the mess kit , everything . even the fire pit . Mike look around , turn , look ... completely helpless . he snap open the shotgun - he 's get two shell . he close it , head back into the wood . 53 omit 53 54 ext . wood # 3 , timber fall trail - day 54 Mike move deeper into the wood . he 's a mix of paranoia and determination . Mike pause , catch he breath , when ... a few blood drop of blood land on he face . Mike wipe he face , look at the blood . what the fuck ? a couple more drop hit he . Mike look up ... a mangle , mutilated deer hang in the tree , secure by coarse thick rope . 42 . Mike take a terrify step backwards , unaware ... a few feet behind he lay a rusted , steel bear trap . Mike , still mesmerize by the blood and the deer , continue back up ... get closer to the bear trap ... closer ... he foot hover over the CENTER of the trap ... SNAP ! crunch ! mike step in the trap , the jaw chomp down on he leg ! Mike scream in agony ! he drop to the ground , stare at he leg , now a bloody mess of flesh and steel . mike help !?!?! Mike writhes in pain on the ground . his eye water . the pain unbearable . then ... mike' Pov - someone or thing appear , step from the forest . they come closer . the SUN blast directly behind the figure keep they identity hide . Mike 's eyelid flutter , can not determine who / what it be . the pain overwhelm he . he do not care any longer . then ... ida bend down next to Mike . ida Michael , can you hear I ? Michael ... her word fade out . he promptly pass out . CUT to black . on black : a shrieking whistle sound . fade in : 55 int . ida' cabin - day 55 close on - Mike 's eye SNAP open , dart side to side , blink . reveal - Mike lay on a rag couch . the place be dark and dusty . a glance around ... gaslight hang in the corner . a stack of log rest next to a old fireplace . just off the main room be a kitchen alcove , with a coal stove . on the stove a whistling teapot . Mike 's memory slowly come back . he lean up when ... mike ow ! 43 . a sharp pain shoot through he body . Mike reach for he leg . the tourniquet conceal the damage . a damn towel be wrap around where the wound be . a bandage have replace the Gray bandana on he arm . ida enter the cabin from the back door , into the kitchen . she remove the teapot from the burner . the whistling stop . ida look who 's up . mike where be I ? ida you be in my home , Michael . you give I quite a scare . I think I lose you . ida grab a wet wash cloth , wring it out over a basin and walk back to Mike . ida lucky the snap do not break the bone , just bruise it . I know that 's of little comfort now , but trust I , it 's a good thing . that dirty trap however 's prime for spread infection , need to finish clean out that wound and then I will get some " evening primrose " in you . same stuff the indian tribes use it back in the day to heal , well ... just about everything . so 's do I . ida unwrap the tourniquet , examine the wound . ida try and relax . ida clean the wound . Mike wince . he can not watch . mike thank you . for save my life . ida you do not have to thank I . up here , we take care of one another . that 's the only way any of we survive . mike um ... ( thinks ... ) I be sorry , but I do not know you name . shoot script october 17 , 2006 44 . ida oh for the sake of sunshine ... how rude a host be i? name 's ida Foster . ida move to the kitchen , grab a mason jar with clear liquid . it look just like the jar Mike buy from brody . mike ida , I need some help . ida I be move as fast as I can , sweetie . mike no , not I . it 's sheryl . my girlfriend . you meet she with I yesterday . something 's happen to she . she be go this morning when I wake up . I look everywhere and I could not find she . we need to call someone . a Ranger . somebody . we need to find she right away . do you have a phone ? ida I be sorry , but I do not . never really have use for one . ( beat ) I do have a radio . we can call down to base if you would like . ida come back to the couch . ida after we take care of you . mike I be fine , ida , please ... if you could call now . ida you want to lose this leg ? Cause that 's what you be risk . soon as we be do , I will call . okay ? Mike concede . ida hand a second rag to Mike . ida bite down on this ... I be not gonna lie ... lotta pain about to hit you sweetheart . 45 . Mike put the rag in he mouth . ida dip the use cloth in the moonshine . he close he eye tight , and ... ida apply the moonshine to the wound . Mike scream through the cloth . ida it 's okay . it 's almost over . ida repeat . Mike scream again . his eye water . ida offer she palm . Mike open he mouth . the cloth fall into she hand . Mike breathes heavily , come down from the pain . ida cross to the kitchen , dispose of the two wash cloth and grab a larger towel . she walk back to Mike and wrap he calf with the towel . ida we will get some of that primrose in you and you will be good as new . mike ida ? the radio . please ... can you call down please ? ida I will take care of it right now . ida head to a close door on the far side of the room . she open and enter , sure to close the door behind she . Mike relax , as best he can anyway . until ... knock , knock . brody ( os ) ida , you in there ?! mike' Pov - through a small slit in the drape , brody wait outside . ida exit the room , head for the door . mike ( whisper ) he 's look for I . ida ( whisper ; concerned ) why 's that ? 46 . brody ( os ) ida ! mike ( whisper ) I think he have something to do with sheryl go miss . knock , knock . ida ( whisper ) I will take care of it . brody ( os ) ida , lemme in ! ida I be come ! ida help Mike stand , re-direct he to the kitchen alcove . he wince all the way . she lean he up against the near wall so that he be out of view of the door . ida go to the front door , open it halfway , revealing a agitate brody , shotgun in hand . suspicious , brody try to peek past ida into the cabin . she do not budge . brody what take you so long ? ida what do you want , brody ? brody I be look for a man hiker . ida this " man hiker " alone or wit someone ? brody he have a lady friend , but ... I be just look for he now . on mike - listen nervously . ida well , I be not see no one in day . brody glare at she . she glare right back . brody again try to see past she into the cabin , but she block he . 47 . ida what would he do you for anyway ? brody he bust darryl 's face in with a shotgun . Left he a mess of blood and tooth . nearly kill he . ( beat ) you spot anyone you do not know , you be sure to find I . ida Fine . brody eyeball ida one last time , then leave . ida watch he go , close the door and head to the alcove . ida he 's go . brody and that boy be a pain in the backside . I be sure that cousin of he have it come . ida lead Mike back to the couch . mike what do the Ranger say ? do he need to speak to I ? when be he come ? ida head back to the kitchen , grab a mug and pour hot water into it . she dish a small spoonful of yellow powder into the hot water . ida sorry , I be not able to reach anyone . ida stir the powder in as she walk back to Mike . mike God damnit ! ida pause ... then : ida please do not take the Lord 's name in vain in this house . she glare long , cold and hard at Mike , until ... mike I be sorry . ida drink this . 48 . ida hand he the steaming mug . Mike 's mind race . mike something 's not right . ida I be sure they be just on round and will be back any minute . we will try they again and we will find sheryl . you will see . she probably just take a wrong turn up here , end up in the middle of " do not know where . " happens lot of time . ( look to the mug ) please drink up , Michael , it will make you feel better . Mike hold the mug , stare at the drink . he put it to he lip but then stop , look at ida . she stare at he . unnerve by the stare , Mike lower the mug without sip . ida what 's wrong ? mike how do you know my name ? ida ( confused ) Excuse I ? mike Michael . you keep call I Michael . you do it just now . you do before , just after I wake up . you call I Michael . nobody call I Michael . ida I be sure you be mistaken . you musta tell I before . mike no , I would have tell you " Mike . " only my grandmother , who 's dead , ever call I Michael . ida well , how else could I have know you name ? angle on - ida' boot . shoot script october 17 , 2006 49 . mike ( beat ; think ... ) on my driver 's license and credit card , it say Michael . if you steal my wallet from the campsite ... that 's how you would have know . Long beat . ida you be accuse I of steal you wallet ? I save you life . twice . why would I steal you wallet ? ( Mike do not respond ) now , just drink you primrose ... mike fuck the primrose ! Mike toss the mug across the room . it shatter . Mike lift himself up . despite the pain , he head for the room ida go in to make the radio call . ida where do you think you be go ? mike I want to call the Ranger myself . ida no ! ida spring to she foot , jump in front of Mike . mike I be get in that room , ida . Mike maneuver around she , when ... ida grab the iron fire poker by the stove , hold it like a baseball bat . ida I can not let you in there . Mike take a step forward . ida swing the poker . nearly hit Mike . Mike juke leave , she swing again . miss . mike where be sheryl , ida ? she 's in that room , be not she ? ida you sinner be all alike . I hear you last night . spit in the face ( more ) 50 . ida ( cont would ) of the Lord and he law . dining on the sin of the flesh . flash back to : 56 ext . tent - five corner - last night 56 Inside the tent , Mike and sheryl make love . they campfire still burn . suddenly ... a shadow creep into frame . then a boot . reveal : ida stand outside the tent . back to : 57 int . ida' cabin - day 57 suddenly , ida appear in a new light ... ida you and you bitch whore girlfriend will atone for you sin . Mike lunge forward , grab hold of the poker before ida can swing it again . they struggle , crash up against the wall ! the poker fall to the floor . ida jump on Mike 's back , wrap she arm around he throat . Mike spin ida around in circle , then slam ida up against the wall . the two fall to the floor . Mike push himself up , but before he can get away ... ida grab hold of he bear trap wound , squeezy ! mike scream in agony ! instinctively , Mike kick ida in the face , boot to nose . ida 's head snap back , then fall face first on the floorboard . Mike be panting , glance at ida . she 's out cold . Mike push himself up , limp to the door . he grab the handle , push it OPEN ... 58 int . sewing room , ida' cabin - day 58 Mike enter to find a sewing machine , some yarn , a antique radio , but more importantly , no sheryl . he step over to the radio , when he notice ... shoot script october 17 , 2006 51 . a inch thick layer of dust cover the radio . he swipe it with he finger . this thing have not be use in year . Mike turn , step on a throw - rug lay in the center of the floor ... he foot sink a little . Mike test the floor board again . it 's rickety . he pull the rug out ... reveal : a trap door . Mike grab the latch , lift it open . 59 int . trap door staircase 59 from below ... look up past a weathered , wear and wooden staircase up at Mike . carefully , Mike make he way down the step , into ... 60 int . chapel - cabin basement - day 60 Religious artifact , lot of they . cross , photo of Jesus , statue of Mary , etc . Don the wall , shelf ... everywhere . on the far side of the room ... like a altar shrine ... nine large glass jar filled with liquid ... inside each jar - human fetuse , all in various stage of development and deformity . each jar be label with they own individual bronze nameplate ( # 1 , matthew ... # 2 , JOHN ... # 3 , peter ... # 4 , luke , etc ... ) . the last jar - the fetus be close to term , maybe 8 month along ) . the nameplate read , " timothy . " Mike , completely freak out , backpedal , bump into a iron door . he turn the handle , open it ... 61 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement 61 it 's pitch black as Mike open the door . next to the door , a light switch ... he flip it on . sound like small gunshot , a series of overhead light turn on illuminate a long , narrow , curve hallway . at the far end ... three door . ( recognize this from the open scene . ) a sound . it 's distant , muffle ... indistinguishable . Mike stir , hearing the faint , mute sound from the end of the hallway . Mike stagger , lean against the wall for support . he 's woozy , but determine . he proceed down the hall , towards the door . just as Mike pass underneath a light ... pop ! the light explode . SPARKS , glass shower onto Mike . as he brushes himself off . 52 . a scream cry out . mike sheryl !? Mike move faster , reach the end of the hallway , face the door . he turn the knob , push it open , and ... 62 int . torture room # 1 - ida' cabin basement 62 Mike step into the room , the light from the hall spill into the room , fall across ... sheryl , tie to a beam that extend from the ceiling to the floor , a coarse rope secure a gag in she mouth . she 's bruise with a lot of nick and scratch . sheryl and Mike 's eye lock . euphoria , pain all at once . mike oh my God . Mike run to she , touch she face . he check the rope tie sheryl . they be very secure . mike I need something to cut you down , baby . sheryl try to motion to the other side of the room . Mike follow she gaze ... search wildly ... scan the room ... a tool bench ... tool ... tool ! on a tool bench - a litany of the conventional and unconventional . a hammer , screw driver , axe , a flashlight , then , finally ... in the middle of bunch ... a hunter's knife . Mike grab the knife , hobble back to sheryl . he slide the blade between she cheek and the rope , slice . several tense moment later ... the rope break . Mike toss the rope and gag away . they kiss . mike be you okay ? sheryl get I out of here . hurry . Mike start cut the rope around she wrist . sheryl he will be back soon . 53. mike who 's he ? off screen : a loud thud resound . where do it come from ? not want or wait to find out , Mike double the effort . sheryl come on , come on , come on ... SNAP ! finally , the rope tear . sheryl 's free . just as ... all the light simultaneously go out . complete and total darkness surround the young couple . sheryl let rip a short , but loud scream . Mike quickly silence she . breathing intensifies . Mike and sheryl take refuge in each other 's arm . then ... Mike remember ... on the tool bench ... the flashlight . he feel around for the bench , when ... whack . mike fuck ! he bang he injure leg on something . sheryl ( whisper ) what be you do ? Mike reach the tool bench , feel around . find it . sheryl ( whisper ) Mike ? Mike ? Mike turn on the flashlight . the beam cut through the darkness and onto ... the conceal figure , stand face to face with Mike brandish he axe / sickle . sheryl scream ! the conceal figure swing the axe / sickle , slice Mike across the forearm . blood sprays across the floor . Mike yelp in pain , drop the flashlight and knife . mike sheryl , run ! but sheryl freeze . shoot script october 17 , 2006 54 . he come at Mike again , but ... he elude the attack . Mike grab the flashlight , the only weapon within he reach , and swing , striking the concealed figure in the knee , he drop to the ground . the conceal figure grab Mike by the throat , run he as hard and fast as he can against a wall ! sheryl 's freeze in fear . he squeezy he throat harder , tighter . Mike can not breathe . Mike smack the conceal figure in the face , squirm , all to no avail , until ... Mike jam he thumb into he eye . he scream , drop Mike . they both fall to the floor . the fall flashlight 's beam illuminate sheryl back in the corner . mike ( to sheryl ) get the fuck out of here ! now ! finally sheryl run out of the room ... 63 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement 63 sheryl feel she way out by touch the wall ... 64 int . torture room # 1 - ida' cabin basement 64 as the conceal figure writhes in pain ... Mike catch he breath , attempt to stand , only ... he body buckle under the pain . he throw a look to the figure , then crawl over to the tool bench . he pull himself up use the bench for support . he haphazardly feel for a weapon ... any weapon . he grab a hammer , turn and ... the figure grab Mike 's wrist , then head - butt mike between the eye . he fall to the floor . out cold . the conceal figure hold he injure eye with one hand , grab the sickle / axe with the other . 55 . 65 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement 65 sheryl reach the iron door , but stop . look back into the darkness . sheryl Mike ? ( no response ) Mike ? still no answer . then ... sheryl spot the light switch , flip it ... the light SNAP on ! suddenly , the concealed figure appear out of the darkness ! sheryl scream ! he lunge for sheryl , but miss . she run through the door , into ... 66 int . chapel - ida' cabin - day 66 ... sheryl rush into the room , but trip on something . when she get up , the first thing she see ... the fetus jar ! she cough violently , almost puke . she stumble , hurry up the trap door step ... a moment later ... the conceal figure pop through the iron door . for the first time we see the conceal figure wholly ... this be deacon . half he body scar , burn . he stand well over six foot tall , muscle rippling everywhere . a frightful sight . he peer up the trap door step , pursue sheryl ... 67 ext . ida' cabin - day 67 sheryl burst through the front door , run for the wood . deacon exit the cabin , spot sheryl . run after she . 68 ext . wood # 4 - timber fall trail - day 68 sheryl run as fast as she can . break branch in she way , leaping rock . anything to get away from ... deacon follow . this be he terrain , turf . he move quickly and efficiently through the brush . 56 . sheryl look back , and as she do ... trip over some tree root . she fall face first into a giant puddle . she push herself out of the puddle . she 's soak , but do not stop . she resume run . deacon ... close the gap . sheryl , confuse , scared and lose , look around wildly . have no idea where she 's go . then suddenly she hear something . she look down a slight hill ... sheryl be Pov - a ranger truck drive along a gravel road . sheryl thank you God ... ( at the top of she lung ) help ! sheryl dart down the hill , and fall out onto ... 69 i/e ranger truck / gravel mountain road - day 69 the ranger truck slam on the brake , inch from run over sheryl . she slam she arm down on the hood . clyde , startle beyond belief , look out at sheryl . he get out of the car , go to she . she hug clyde tightly , start cry . he look at she ... the blood , cut , etc . clyde oh my star , what happen to you ? sheryl ( out of breath ) you have to help I . I be kidnap . my boyfriend come ... and this man 's chase I . he 's chase I right now . clyde calm down . I can not make head or tail of what you be say . sheryl he 's come . he 's right behind I . clyde look up into the wood from where sheryl come , but ... all 's peaceful at the moment . no deacon . clyde look , miss , there 's no one there . sheryl oh my God , Mike . 57 . angle from down the path - clyde , he back to we , console sheryl . deacon step into frame . sickle / axe in hand . he start toward clyde and sheryl . clyde it 's go to be fine , miss . I promise you . everything 's go to be fine . sheryl pries she face from clyde 's chest . sheryl be Pov - deacon 's five foot behind clyde and close . sheryl scream . clyde hold onto sheryl . off she look , clyde turn ... deacon and clyde stand face to face . the moment 's freeze . for too long . something 's not right . clyde deacon , what 's go on ? how the heck do she escape ? sheryl look at clyde , in shock . deacon lower he head , ashamed . clyde want something do , gotta do it yourself . clyde remove a black , wooden club from he belt ... sheryl turn , about to run , when ... clyde crack her across the back of the head with the club . CUT to black . fade in : 70 int . torture room # 1 - day 70 sheryl be Pov - out of focus , wobbly . light , a rainbow of fuzzy color dance before US . slowly , bring into focus ... sheryl cough , gag on something . sheryl be Pov - she lift she arm to discover she wrist be tie together tightly . sheryl be Pov - ida enter the room carry something . sheryl 's breath quicken . ida walk right up to sheryl . she place a flower wreath in she hair , adjust it to fit . 58 . ida perfect . just perfect . you be lovely as a summer 's day . ( check she watch ) it 's almost time . sheryl catch she reflection in a small wall mirror . 71 int . chapel - day 71 angle on - a rope looped through a hook in the ceiling . follow the rope down ... pass a pair of bloody and bruise hand , wrist ... keep go ... end on Mike . Mike 's pass out . he dangle in the middle of the room . he wear a old , moth -eaten sport jacket and slack . a rope gag he mouth . angle on - the sickle / axe . as it move towards Mike ... deacon , a black ring surround he injure eye , step in front of Mike , hold the blade centimeter from Mike 's eye . a eye for a eye ? Mike wake and ... immediately freak out . he try to shake loose , but can not . deacon stare at he , but ... clyde ( o.s. ) deacon ! clyde enter . he wear a long garment around he neck , carry a bible . clyde that 's enough . get he ready . deacon back off . he undoe a slipknot on the far wall , which cause Mike to come crashing to the floor . deacon lift Mike to he foot , position he . it 's only now Mike get a gander at the room . the fetus jar adorn the far wall . there 's a giant wooden cross hang over a makeshift altar . candle anywhere and everywhere . a old phonograph , one that you crank to play , rest in the corner . clyde place the needle down on a record , crank the wheel . the music kick in , classical RELIGIOUS ... it 's hollow , full of static and futz . Mike watch ... he eye OPEN wide , as ... 59 . the iron door slowly creak open . angle on - a filthy pair of white dress shoe . ropes secure the ankle so movement 's limited to inch at a time . shimmy into the room , wear a dusty , old wedding dress and a flower wreath in she hair be sheryl . her wrist still bound . her mouth gag . Mike and sheryl take each other in . tear spring to sheryl 's eye . she take another jerky step closer . ida be visible behind she , guide she towards Mike . she position she next to he so that both face the altar . clyde glance to ida who silence the music . clyde and Jesus answer and say unto they , " each man should have he own wife , and each woman she own husband . the husband should fulfill he marital duty to he wife , and likewise the wife to she husband . " ida amen . clyde and so , in the presence of we Lord Jesus Christ , I ask you Michael ... and you sheryl , do you accept the sacred covenant of marriage ? Mike and sheryl stare at clyde . neither flinch . clyde glance to deacon , who immediately step forward , touch the sickle blade to sheryl 's throat . clyde I will ask again ... do you accept this covenant of marriage ? sheryl nod immediately . Mike nod too . clyde signal for deacon to step back . he obey . clyde then by the power vested in I , I pronounce you man and wife . clyde signal to ida . 60 . ida remove sheryl 's graduation ring from she finger . she then slide two tarnished gold band , one on sheryl 's finger , the other on Mike 's . clyde unty the rope secure Mike 's gag in he mouth , remove it . mike why be you do this ? we do nothing to you people . let we go ! clyde you may kiss the bride . mike you fuck people be fuck sick ! clyde 's temper flare ... clyde ( stern and cold ) do not use that type of language in this house again . now ... kiss the bride or ... ( gesture to deacon ) ... he will cut off you lip . Mike stare in horror at clyde , turn to sheryl . mike I love you . Mike kiss she briefly on the cheek . clyde smile satisfied , nod to deacon . he immediately lift sheryl up and throw she over he shoulder . mike what be you do ? deacon carry she from the room . sheryl cry . mike let her go ! sheryl ! ( to clyde ) let she go !... please , let she go ! clyde pull the rope , hoist Mike back into a dangle position . he secure the knot before exite the room . mike sheryl ! ( to ida ) ( more ) 61 . mike ( cont would ) please . do not hurt she . whatever it be you want , I will give it to you . ida I know you will . she stuff the gag in , secure it in place with the rope . she tie the knot . perfect . ida exit the room . Mike be alone . Mike try to yank he hand through the knot . his wrist and hand turn red , he face be flushed ... the knot be too tight . he stop . Mike take a breath and try again . his face and hand be bett red . he pull and pull ... but the rope do not budge . Mike exhales . it 's no use . he dangle there , helpless . 72 ext . ida' cabin - night 72 resting under the full moon , sit the cabin . 72 a int . chapel - night 72 a Mike still dangle by he wrist . clyde enter . clyde unty the end of the rope on the floor . the rope unfurl , Mike drop to the ground . clyde pick he up , sit he in a nearby chair . Mike 's wrist , ankle and mouth still bound and gag . clyde gonna untie you mouth , now . have a little " man to man " talk . clyde undoe the gag in Mike 's mouth . mike please ... it 's not too late . let we go . we will not tell anyone . clyde ( beat ) how well do you know you bible , Michael ? mike Jesus Fucking Christ ... clyde slap Mike across the face . 62 . clyde I tell you before to watch that mouth , mister . mike fuck you . clyde punch he , not once , but twice . he ready a third . clyde you through ? Mike spit some blood on the floor . nod . clyde I will ask again ... how well do you know the bible ? mike not very . clyde that 's okay . it 's fine . that 's why I be here ... teach you the way thing be and the way they should be . 73 int . torture room # 1 - night 73 sheryl sit in a chair in the middle of the room . still gag . she wear a new outfit . a handmade dress with a small crest embroider over the heart . it's similar to the one worn by sarah ( girl from the open scene of film ) . ida pull tight the rope secure she wrist to the arm of the chair . satisfied . ida I will be right back . ida exit the room . deacon stand by the door . he and sheryl alone together . sheryl try not to make eye contact . deacon stare at she . longingly . deacon be Pov - on sheryl 's chest , expand and contracting with every breath . on deacon - slowly push into tight close up deacon be Pov - sheryl , a heavenly glow encircle she ( and she gag mysteriously go ) , turn to deacon . a look of calm and lust in she eye . 63. sheryl I want you , deacon . ( jump cut to ... ) I want you to fuck I . hard . on deacon - his stare deepen . sheryl , the heavenly glow go , she gag back in place . watch deacon . she squirm , cry . 74 int . chapel - night 74 clyde sit in a chair next to Mike . clyde Lord know the will of a man get test . cruelly most time . but the righteous persevere . they do what need to be do , even though they do not want to . it 's what make a man , a man . let I tell you the story of juda , he be one of Jesus 's apostle . juda lead Roman Soldiers to the capture and eventual death of we Lord Jesus Christ . and now , be supposedly seat next to Satan , he soul burn in hell forever for this sin . but I do not believe that 's the case . I have my own theory . the death of Jesus be predict thousand of year before juda ever come along . and for the prophecy to be fulfil , Jesus have to die . if he do not , the gate of heaven could not be open for mankind . I do not think , for a instant , juda want to be the one , but ... someone have to . juda help Jesus , so Jesus could die for we sin . save we all . and I believe at this moment ... juda be in heaven , despite he sin , because it lead to the great good . ( beat ) Relations prior to marriage be a sin . you and sheryl be sinner in the Lord 's eye . and because of that sin , you soul be damned . but ida and I , we be gonna give you a chance to save you soul and do the right thing , but ... as previously state , you will need to persevere and show the strength and will of you character . but you will do it . because that 's what need to be do . 64 . Mike stare unflinch at clyde . 75 int . torture room # 1 - night 75 deacon kneel before sheryl who try to move , but can not . angle on - deacon lay he scar hand on sheryl 's thigh . sheryl squirm , but that 's all she can do . then ... ida ( o.s. ) deacon ! deacon jump up , back off . ida you get away from she . git! now ! ida set a tray she be carry down , chase deacon from the room . she shut the door behind he . ida I be sorry about that , sugar . my brother , he 's not well . she retrieve the tray , bring it over closer to sheryl . ida it 's not all he fault . we father be not very Christian and then there be the accident . along with the scarring , lose use of he vocal . can not speak a lick . now , I have speak to he . what happen with the other will not happen to you . he 's promise I that . what other ? what do he do ? ida I be gonna take that out of you mouth now . I bring you some tea , get some primrose in it . help you relax , get some rest . okay ? ida unty the gag in sheryl 's mouth . she cough a few time . ida raise the mug of tea to she lip ... sheryl please do not do this . please let I go . please .. I just want to go home . shoot script october 17 , 2006 65 . ida ( cold ) drink the tea . ida bring the mug to she lip again , pour some in sheryl 's mouth . she swallow a big gulp . ida that 's better . good girl . ( change topic ) I almost forget to ask ... how do it feel be marry ? sheryl why be you do this ? ida I think you would be happy about that . all I ever want out of life be two thing ... to be marry and to have a baby . the Lord bless I with clyde and I thank him every day for that . ida pour some more tea into sheryl . ida but have a baby 's be ... complicated . 76 int . chapel - night 76 clyde walk over to the fetus jar . stare at they . a sadness in he eye . clyde she can conceive fine ... just ... can not seem to make it all the way through . timothy be the toughest ... make it to month eight . angle on - the " timothy " fetus jar . the most develop of they all . clyde City Doctor have some fancy mumbo-jumbo word for the condition . ( beat ; turn to Mike ) break my heart every time . that woman be bear to be a mother . it 's she call in life . just like you and sheryl have a call . mike what exactly do you want from we ? 66 . the iron door fly OPEN , deacon emerge , stand over Mike . 77 int . torture room # 1 - night 77 sheryl sway back and forth . her eyelids heavy . the primrose " kick in . " ida place she hand on sheryl 's cheek . ida you be young , strong ... it 's gonna be easy for you . not like I . sheryl ( barely conscious ) wh-what ...? ida you be gonna have a baby , sheryl . ( beat ) my baby . 78 int . hallway - cabin basement - night 78 deacon drag Mike down the hall . clyde follow . 79 int . torture room # 1 - night 79 the door to the room fly OPEN . deacon drag Mike inside , clyde right behind they . to Mike 's horror ... mike oh my God ... sheryl lie unconscious on top of the table , ida by she side . angle on sheryl - each of she limb tie down with heavy rope . her leg be spread apart . mike what have you do to she ? ida she will be out for hour , but she 's fine . clyde ida will come back in a little bit , check to see that the deed have be do . if it have not ... the next time you see you little lady ... a piece of she will be miss . ( more ) shoot script october 17 , 2006 67 . clyde ( cont would ) ( cold ) do not test we on that one . ida now , we know conception 's not automatic . so do not feel like all the pressure 's on right now . we be prepare to do this however long it take . you give we the effort each time , eventually the magic will happen . mike you be out of you fuck mind . clyde grab Mike 's wrist , turn over he palm . clyde take a knife from he belt , slice mike' palm . mike scream . blood pour from the wound . clyde what do I tell you about the language ? ida grab a fresh rag , wrap Mike 's hand in it . clyde deacon will be right outside that door . the only door . this room have no window and be bury twenty foot below ground . cut to the chase ... there 's no way out and you can scream yourself hoarse , no one will hear you . ida we will let you have you privacy now . ( remember ) oh , almost forget . ida go to the corner where the phonograph sit . she crank the handle , place the needle on the record . the record crackle , pachelbel 's " Canon " fill the room . deacon , clyde and ida exit . they shut and lock the door behind they . 80 int . hallway - cabin basement - night 80 deacon stand by the door . ida and clyde , hold hand , walk towards the stair ... ida it 's gotta work this time . 68 . clyde it will . ida promise I . ( beat ; he do not ... ) promise I , clyde . clyde I promise . clyde wrap he arm around ida 's shoulder , comforting she . 81 int . torture room # 1 - ida' cabin - night 81 Mike make he way to the table , to sheryl . he pull himself to he foot . he take sheryl in . she look peaceful . he run he good hand through she hair . tear roll down he cheek . Mike check each of sheryl 's rope . they be all tightly secure . Mike haphazardly check every nook and cranny of the room . but clyde be right . no way out . Mike stare at the phonograph ... he kick it off the table , kick and bash it to piece . vfx : Mike 's breathe intensifies . push into tight close up ... his world be not cave in , it 's already cave . 82 ext . ida' cabin - night to day ( splinter unit ) 82 time lapse ... the night sky rapidly change from black to blue . the Sun rise ... 83 int . torture room # 1 - day 83 sheryl 's head fall to the side , bump the table . she wake . she find Mike be pass out sit in a chair , he hand hold hers . the door unbolt , fly open . Mike come to and glance up as deacon storm into the room , drag he out scream . 84 int . hallway - day 84 ida stand just outside the doorway , let they pass . she slide some surgical glove on , shut the door behind she . 69 . angle on - sheryl as the door shut . 85 int . torture room # 2 - day 85 Mike , without he shirt , hang by he wrist from iron shackle secure to the ceiling . ( he 's hook up the same way the Young man be in the open scene of the story . ) deacon secure the last of the restraint . clyde enter , walk straight up to Mike ... clyde be I at all unclear yesterday ? mike no , but ... clyde do you understand what be expect of you ? mike yes , but ... how do you expect ... clyde clearly you do not understand . you do not even attempt relation last evening . mike what you be ask to do be sick . you be sick . clyde you do not have a problem when penetration be a sin , but when it 's you wife , it 's sick ?!? unbelievable . clyde glare angrily at Mike , then head to the door . clyde you know the rule , Michael . I warn you . now , deacon , here , will remind you . Mike turn to deacon , who stand over the tool bench . dozen of sharp instrument of torture lay before he . clyde shut the door on Mike . 86 int . MAIN room - cabin - day 86 clyde shut the door . ida wait , help he with he coat . shoot script october 17 , 2006 70 . clyde I be go to be late for work . ida be home at the regular time ? clyde remove a set of key from he pocket ... notice the boston red sox key chain ... they be Mike 's key . clyde might be a bit late . I have a errand that need attend to . clyde kiss ida , exit . 87 int . torture room # 2 - day 87 deacon stand by the tool bench , he back to Mike . deacon grab several different scary instrument of torture , test they out . Mike try to see what he 's do . horrible sound , metal striking metal , blade sharpening , etc . deacon finally select a weapon , turn around ... Mike stare at deacon who hold a cat-o'-nine tail in he hand . deacon walk behind Mike ... mike you do not have to do this . come on . deacon pull he arm back , whip mike across the back . mike scream in agony . 88 int . torture room # 1 - day 88 sheryl hear mike' scream , but she 's in a predicament of she own . sheryl 's tie to chair . her hand be secure to table top . she can not move it . finger separate . sheryl what be they do to he ? ida you should concern yourself with what 's about to happen to you . ida open a sewing BOX , but instead of needle and yarn , she remove a cleaver . 71 . sheryl look at the cleaver , then ... to she hand ... the pinky finger separate and immobile . sheryl what be you do , ida ? ida you think you be so much smarter than I , do not you ? sheryl no . ida yes you do . admit it ' cause I can see it in you eye , darling . with you fancy school and job and such . ( realize ) you think you be better than I . sheryl no , I do not . yes she do . ida ( beat ) might surprise you , but I be quite the student back in the day . straight a 's . every subject ' cept for Science . infuriate I how they try to explain away the Lord 's creation . we teacher , Mr. billing , once say ... in the future , human will not be bear with a pinky finger ' cause of evolution . ( frustration building ) of all the ... I shout , " no ! we be create in the Lord 's image ... not some nonsensical theory by darwind . " sheryl stare at ida , terrify would be a understatement . ida I suppose Mr. billing and Mr. darwind can stand up and cheer , because you , little lady ... you be about to evolve . 89 int . torture room # 2 - day 89 Mike dangle ... he back CUT , bruise and bloody . 72 . mike no more . please . no more . deacon face Mike , look he square in the eye . he walk back to the tool bench , lay the whipping device down . Mike breathes a touch easier , until ... deacon reappear , a jar of moonshine in he hand . he dip one of he scar finger into the liquid and gently touch a wound on Mike 's body . the liquid sting . Mike wince . mike what be you go to do with that ? angle on - mike' back . 90 int . torture room # 1 - day 90 angle on - sheryl' pinky . ida sit next to sheryl . she raise the cleaver ... sheryl please ida , do not . do not do this . ida you think I want to hurt a pretty thing like you ? pain I , but ... until you and you husband obey , my hand , much like yours , be tie . sheryl I know about you condition , ida . it 's not you fault . there be a lot of woman that can not carry a baby full term . I know how much you be hurt . ida take she attention from the finger , start to pay attention to sheryl . ida you do not know anything about I or what I have go through . sheryl I be here for you now . I will help you . please . ida stare at sheryl ... debate ... 73. 91 int . torture room # 2 91 deacon splashes the entire jar of moonshine on mike' back . a blood - curdling scream ring out . 92 int . torture room # 1 92 ida and sheryl turn in the direction of the scream . this seem to bring ida back from wherever she be , back to the matter at hand ... ida look into sheryl 's tear - fill eye . ida you can help ... by follow the rule . ida chop off sheryl 's pinky finger . sheryl scream . angle on - sheryl' pinky finger hit the floor . 93 ext . swamp - day 93 the SUN burn overhead . clyde stand on the bank of a alga cover swamp . he stare out , nervously watch . brody , in he beat - up pick - up truck , pull to a stop . exit the truck , approach clyde . brody clyde ! clyde g'morn , brody . brody I stop by you place the other day . clyde ida mention . brody so have you see or hear anything about that man hiker ? clyde ( beat ) in fact I have . I see he and he lady leave . brody when be this ? 74 . clyde yesterday . just before dusk . brody bullshit . clyde believe what you want . clyde look out at the swamp , then back to brody , who never stop stare at clyde . brody I see they car last night in the parking lot at base . so they do not leave , " just before dusk . " clyde well , I be down at base this morning ... car 's go now . brody something do not feel right here , clyde . between you and ida ... clyde I do not have time for this ... he start to walk away , but brody grab he wrist tightly . clyde take you hand off I , brody . brody what do you know about that hiker you be not tell I ? brody wait a beat , then let he go . clyde I tell you , brody ... I see they leave . let it go . brody watch clyde head off . he 's even more paranoid now than before . what brody do not notice ... angle on the swamp ... just below the water , sink , the outline of the back of the passat . 94 ext . ida' cabin - night ( splinter unit ) 94 darkness envelop the cabin . a coyote howl . 75 . 95 int . torture room # 1 - night 95 sheryl on table , unconscious . her hand / finger bandage . the doors thrown OPEN ... deacon throw Mike roughly to floor . he 's tie per usual . notice : the back of Mike 's shirt soaked in blood . mike how do you expect I to do this ? like this ? clyde do we need to provide you with some more motivation ? ida you would not want to put that lovely bride of yours through a day like she have today again , now would you ? mike you will never get away with this . we have friend and family . they know where we go . they will come look for we . they will find we ! clyde that may very well be ... but they will not find you car . clyde dangle the key - he keys - in front of Mike . deacon , clyde and ida leave . the door bolt , lock . Mike limp over to sheryl , he see she bandage hand . mike oh baby , what do they do to you ? I be sorry . I be so sorry . sheryl ( without move , barely audible ) be they go ? mike ( surprise ) yeah . you be awake ? they entire conversation be no louder than a whisper . shoot script october 17 , 2006 76 . sheryl turn to face Mike ... they kiss . sheryl I do not swallow that shit she give I . sheryl spy the back of he jersey in a mirror 's reflection . sheryl oh my god. Mike ... mike it 's okay . I be okay . sheryl you be not okay . we be not okay . what be we gonna do ? mike I do not know . sheryl take a moment . thinks carefully about how exactly to phrase this ... then ... sheryl maybe ... we should just give they what they want ? mike what ? sheryl if it stop they from hurt you and I ... maybe we should ... mike absolutely not . no fuck way . forget the fact , that the moment you get pregnant , they will kill I . then the moment you give birth , you be dead . Beyond both of that reason ... be not no fuck way I be go to give they we child . tear pour from sheryl . mike for all my coward marriage moment ... I have think about we child . be that stupid ? I picture what he will be like ... sheryl he ? 77 . mike wishful think . I picture you heart ... you eye ... and I picture we , raise he . grow old with he . ( beat ) no . ai not no fuck way I be go to give he to they . they keep talk about sin ... that would be the worst sin of they all . ( beat ) I will get we out of this , sheryl . I promise you . 95a ext . ida' cabin - day ( MAIN unit ) 95 a bird chirp overhead . sunlight streak through the cloud . 95b int . chapel - day 95 B angle on - a fine cloth rub delicately , but firmly one of the fetus jar ( timothy ) . ida finish , step off the small stool . the jar sparkle and shine brightly . she gaze at the fetus jar with love , affection . the pain of life unfulfilled weigh heavy on she strong shoulder . the trap door open , clyde come down the step . ida turn to clyde . a beat ... clyde it 's time . 96 ext . mountain - day ( 2nd unit ) 96 the morning fog engulf the mountain . 97 int . ranger base station - day 97 SAM , the Ranger that greet Mike and sheryl , enter sip a cup of coffee . evelyn , 20 , a perky and adorable Ranger , work at the desk . evelyn good morning , Sam . SAM ai not no better than any of the other day , Evelyn , so bring the " glee " down some , would ya ? 78 . Sam grab some papers from he mailbox . Evelyn 's use to Sam 's mood . evelyn hey , Sam , do you remember a Virginia couple pass through here sometime Friday ? SAM Friday ? well ... there be one couple , but they do not say where they be from . evelyn gal 's mother 's call three time this morning . Said she have not hear from she daughter since before she leave and she do not show up for work yesterday or today . SAM she sure this be the park they be come to ? evelyn yup . woman 's already offer up a reward . SAM damn it . have she fax some photo up here . notify patrol . evelyn be a while since we have a couple go miss . twelve month ago the last ? Sam cross to the bulletin board by the door . he study the flier of the miss couple that sheryl have notice . SAM ( concerned ) nine . 98 omit ( scene have be move - now 95a ) 98 99 int . torture room # 1 - day 99 deacon enter . clyde and ida be with he . mike you do not have to check ... nothing happen . clyde and ida be piss . 79 . clyde we do appreciate you honesty , Michael . and believe I , we understand you extreme situation , but ... punishment 's go to have to be hand down . suddenly , clyde 's walkie- talkie go off . SAM ( v.o. ) clyde , it 's Sam at base , come back . clyde go for , clyde . Mike scream try to be hear while clyde have button push . clyde ( to deacon and ida ) restrain he . deacon hold Mike , while ida grab the gag . SAM ( v.o. ) yeah , morning , clyde . get a miss person 's report . Young couple out of Alexandria . we be printing up some flyer with they photo right now . mike I tell you . I tell they would be come . ida shove the gag into he mouth , tie it secure . SAM ( v.o. ) when you get a chance , grab some and let 's start circulate , huh ? clyde throw a concerned look to ida . SAM ( v.o. ) clyde ? clyde copy that . clyde think a beat , then ... clyde ( to deacon ) get he in the other room . now . concern cover clyde 's face ... 80 . 99 a ext . stream - day 99 a brody wash out some mason jar . his shotgun rest against a nearby tree . lonnie smoke pot from he handmade pipe . a walkie-talkie crackle . Evelyn approach . brody shit . get rid of the dope . brody hide the jar in he satchel . lonnie quickly tuck he pipe away , fan the smoke away . evelyn Morning , gentleman . ( she eye she watch ) pardon I ... afternoon . lonnie Evelyn , damn , hurt look at you . when you gonna give it up to I ? evelyn now with a line like that , it 's a shocker I have not already . lonnie you stone cold tease . evelyn be wonder if either of you have see any hiker pass by in the last day or so ? lonnie 's about to respond , but brody cut he off ... brody what 's this about ? Evelyn hand they a flier . on the flier - photo of Mike and sheryl , name , info , etc . brody 's eye light up . brody this two be miss ? evelyn it would seem so . why , have you see they ? brody hesitates and then shake he head " no " . 81 . brody you talk to clyde about this ? evelyn all the ranger be on the lookout . family 's even offer up a reward . brody ( beat ) how much ? evelyn pardon ? brody how much they offer ? evelyn do not exactly know . I be guess it 's a fair amount . brody well , I and lonnie will keep a lookout for you too . anything we can do to help . Evelyn begin walk off . lonnie you change you mind , I will ride you raw . Evelyn ignore lonnie , move on she way . lonnie it would be the best fifteen second of you life , darling ! brody watch she go . as she disappear , he grab he gun . 100 ext . ida' cabin - day 100 clyde come up to ida . she stand over a bar - b-q pit , just you run-of - the-ordinary backyard variety one . clyde noose be start to tighten , ida . angle on - a glass jug of moonshine ida no . you promise . you promise , this time , would be the time . I want that baby . you promise . shoot script october 17 , 2006 82 . ida flip open a silver lighter , SPARKS up a flame . she touch the flame to a piece of kindling , drop it into the bar-b-q . a FIRE roar to life . clyde we be gonna have to double we effort , here . ida leave that to I . ida lift three iron brand from a long leather bag . she place the head of the brand into the bar-b-q . 101 omit ( scene have be move . now scene # 99a ) 101 102 int . torture room # 1 - day 102 sheryl sit alone , tie , gag and confine to a chair on the far end of the room . close on - behind sheryl 's back . her bloody hand , san one finger , tremble softly . her remain digit start to loosen she restraint . 103 int . torture room # 2 - day 103 Mike hang , once again . clyde stand before he , ida enter . she wheel the bar -b-q in the room . in the pit - it 's fill with hot , smoking coal . also , three iron brand rest bury in the coal . all glow a fiery orange . clyde I think we have to have another ... man to man discussion , here , Michael . but unlike previous moment , Mike be not begging or plead . he hold a calm demeanor . clyde seem as though , time be now factore into we situation . 104 int . torture room # 1 104 sheryl continue work the rope , as ... the door creak OPEN . sheryl freeze , stop work the rope . deacon enter , sickle in hand . he 's calm and determine . he stare at sheryl . sinister thought in mind . 83. quick cut deacon be Pov : sheryl 's mouth / chest / leg . deacon approach sheryl , kneel down in front of she . he lay the sickle on the floor . sheryl eye the weapon . deacon take something from he pocket , lift he arm up towards sheryl 's head . she wince , expect the worst . deacon slide sheryl 's locket around she neck . the chain repair . deacon beam with pride . deacon shift she skirt expose more skin and place he hand on sheryl 's bare thigh . she twitches instinctively cause deacon to squeeze she thigh tighter . sheryl wince in pain , stop she struggle . lock eye with deacon . suddenly , a aura of calm fall over she . behind sheryl' back ... she resume untying the knot . deacon savor every moment of sheryl . her smell , form . he glide he hand up she body , past she stomach and onto she breast . he grope they , in he own heaven . close on - the knot loosen ... almost there . 105 int . torture room # 2 - day 105 ida rotate the brand in the bar -b-q , do she best subtle intimidation . clyde we be not violent people , Michael . it pain we to pain you . mike I do not know ... seem as though deacon and yourselves get a real kick out of it . clyde now see , this be what I be talk about . it 's you attitude . it 's the disobedience , the cussing ... sooner we get what we want , then no further harm have to fall upon you and you wife . mike Way I see it , you need we alive . you need we , period . and now that Park service and State Police be look for we , you be start to panic , ( more ) 84 . mike ( cont would ) know you whole plan 's crumble down before you eye . ( to ida strong ) so you can stop spin that fuck iron think you be scare I , cause you be not . ( beat ; to both of they ) you be a couple of dement , sick , pathetic freak . ida grab a brand , jab it onto mike' chest . mike scream . the brand burn into he flesh . he eye bulge . he vomit . 106 int . torture room # 1 - ida' cabin 106 deacon tear open sheryl 's blouse , expose she bra and more cleavage . he slide he hand over she breast ... he 's in heaven . sheryl do not resist because ... close on - the knot 's undone . her hand be free . deacon look into sheryl 's eye . he sense something different . do he know ? deacon pull himself closer to sheryl . they face only inch apart . he pull she gag out of she mouth , let it dangle around she neck . sheryl swallow nervously . resist the urge to scream . she 's freeze . then ... deacon lean in ... kiss sheryl . know it 's now or never , sheryl knee deacon in the ball . he fall over in agony . deacon look up at she , when ... smack ! she kick he right in the face . sheryl spring from the chair , grab the sickle , turn and ... crack ! deacon , already back on he foot , punch sheryl hard across the jaw . she hit the wall , then fall to the floor , drop the sickle . angle on - a SMALL pocket knife fall off a shelf in the room onto the floor . deacon grab the sickle , then lift she up by her hair and drag she across the room . he throw she face / stomach down on the table top , flip she dress up onto she back . he slide the sickle between she ass and underwear and ... cut her pantie off in one quick motion , spread her legs apart . shoot script october 17 , 2006 85 . sheryl , still stunne from the punch , only now start to realize what be happen to she . sheryl ( weak , soft ) no . she try to wiggle off table or close she leg , but deacon 's too strong . he grab the back of she head , slam it against the table , pin it in place . with the other hand , he slide off he pant . sheryl ( stronger ) no ! 107 int . torture room # 2 - ida' cabin 107 Mike , he chest scar , bloody , from the fresh wound , dangle helplessly . vomit splash down he body . clyde and ida look to one another ... clyde what be that ? 108 int . torture room # 1 - day 108 deacon slap he leave hand over she mouth , climb on top of sheryl use he weight to keep she in place . deacon position himself for penetration , when ... sheryl scream , but deacon 's hand muffle the cry . with every ounce of strength leave inside she , sheryl bite down on deacon' hand . he scream , fall off of she . close on deacon' hand - blood ooze , a large piece look rip out . sheryl spit the small chunk of he hand out of she mouth . deacon grab the sickle / axe , start towards sheryl ... at the top of she lung , sheryl lets loose a blood curdling scream ! and ... ida burst in the room ... ida deacon ! stop right there ! deacon turn to ida , stop he attack on sheryl . 86 . ida out ! get out ! deacon slink away . sheryl curl up in a ball , emotion consume she . she break down . 109 ext . ida' cabin - sunset 109 the Sun sink on the horizon ... 110 int . torture room # 1 110 sheryl 's tie , once again , to the table . Mike tie to a chair , which be drag into the room by clyde . sheryl see Mike 's burn chest . clyde this be get out of hand , y'all . nobody want what just almost happen to sheryl to happen . but , you keep drag this thing out ... thing be gonna ... happen . ida I send deacon away for a bit . he know he do wrong . you say right now that you be ready to perform you marital duty , then I will keep he away . mike have you ever think that God do not want you to have a child ? that 's why he fuck kill they before they be bear . because you be fuck insane monster that do not deserve a child . ida slap Mike . ida you take that back ! mike no . ida take it back . ida dig she hand into Mike 's bear trap wound , squeeze . but Mike do not scream or squirm . he endure the pain . 87 . mike go ahead and torture I . there 's absolutely no way I would ever give a child of mine to you . ida how very brave . Fine . I will not torture you . ( look to sheryl ) I will torture she . I can bring back deacon . let he have she . plenty of other hole he can go into where a baby can not be make . ida grab a nearby knife , walk up to sheryl . ida or maybe we can just start dice . all we need be a healthy heart , brain and uterus . she do not need the rest of she finger , or toe ... or she nose , ear . I could carve out she eye right now . ida place the knife on top of sheryl 's cheek , just below the eye . the tip just centimeter away from the eyeball . mike no ! ida take the knife away , get in Mike 's face ... ida then you will give I my baby . my child , bear in wedlock , save from its sinner parent and raise to fear God and give he praise . sheryl start laughing . inappropriate , but nonetheless , she 's crack up . have she finally crack ? sheryl that 's why you marry we ? so we could conceive we child in wedlock ? the fuck joke 's on you ... I be already pregnant . eight week yesterday . clyde and ida stare disbelievingly at sheryl . ida you be lie . Mike stare in shock at sheryl . 88. in that look , ida know sheryl 's tell the truth . sheryl I be try to find the right time to tell you . tear fill both they eye . ida no , no , no , no ! this can not be . no ! clyde grab hold of ida , try to calm she down . when ... off screen : a glass break . it come from upstairs . ida and clyde spring into action . they exit the room , bolt the door locked . mike' Pov - the pocket knife still on the floor . 111 ext . ida' cabin - night 111 brody and lonnie stand on the porch . brody hold a shotgun , lonnie a rifle . brody reach inside the break window , unlock it . lonnie we should not just go in . ai not right . brody slide open the window . brody I be go in . you do not want to , then do not . check round back or something . brody climb inside . lonnie head around the back . 112 int . torture room # 1 112 Mike rock he chair back and forth , building momentum ... finally , the chair tip over . he use he foot to push himself along . head for the pocketknife . 113 int . MAIN room - ida' cabin - night 113 brody move through cabin , shotgun ready . all 's calm , quiet . 114 ext . ida' cabin - night 114 lonnie walk in the back yard ... nothing here , except . shoot script october 17 , 2006 89 . on the ground - lonnie step on patch of ground that 's different than the rest . lonnie peer curiously at the ground . what 's he find ? 115 int . sewing room , ida' cabin - night 115 brody enter ... the trap door in the floor be open . he peer inside , then proceed down . 116 ext . ida' cabin - night 116 lonnie bend down , find a handle . lift , reveal , a hidden trap door entrance . lonnie peer inside ... lonnie' Pov - a dark staircase lead down . at the bottom , a wooden door , which be close . lonnie hello ? 117 int . torture room # 1 117 Mike hear this ... mike help ! down here ! 118 ext . ida' cabin - night 118 lonnie take a step down , when ... clyde appear , bury a ax into lonnie' head . lonnie fall into the hole and down the stair ! his body crash through the close wooden door , into the hallway . 119 int . torture room # 1 119 mike' Pov - under the gap between the floor and door , lonnie 's body land . eye stare at Mike . 120 int . chapel 120 brody stare at the fetus jar , " what the fuck ? " the iron door swing OPEN ... ida , shotgun in hand , blast brody in the chest . blood fly across the wall . 121 ext . ida' cabin - night 121 the moon hide behind some dark cloud . shoot script october 17 , 2006 90 . 122 ext . wood behind ida' cabin - night 122 a giant pile of dirt . the dead body of brody sit inside the makeshift grave . ida push lonnie 's carcass in next . clyde watch ida , concern in he eye . clyde ida ... you know what we have to do ? ida ( already anticipate ) no . I can give she a abortion . get rid of the bastard child , make they conceive one in wedlock . and then we be right as rain . clyde abortion ? no . that we will not do . ida it will work . ai not no sin to abort a demon . clyde ida , writings on the wall here . Michael 's right . with a reward on the table , do you think brody and lonnie will be the only two come ? gonna have lot people look for this two . ( beat ) we be gonna have to make it so no one can ever find they . ida no . ida and clyde . a sadness cover they face , especially ida . clyde we will find another couple , ida . ida no . you promise I , clyde , this time be the one . clyde it 's too dangerous . we will find another couple . a better one . ida ( Long beat ) it 's not fair . 91 . clyde nod . they hug . a crackle of lightning follow by a roll of thunder . clyde I will do what need to be do . you finish up here ... and watch you time , rain 's come . clyde hand she the shovel . ida nod , toss a pile of dirt into the grave . 123 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement - night 123 clyde walk down the hall , load ida 's shotgun with a couple fresh shell . he unlock , then push open the door to torture room # 1 . 124 int . torture room # 1 - night 124 Mike sit in the chair , exactly where he and ida leave he . Mike 's head sag , he appear to be sleep . sheryl lie on the table , out cold . clyde level the shotgun to Mike 's head . but something odd catch clyde 's attention ... on the floor - behind Mike 's chair , some rope shaving , piece . clyde what the ...? Mike spring to life , grab clyde pull he in . as clyde fall into Mike 's body . the shotgun fire harmlessly into the ground . Mike swing he hand around , plunge the pocket knife into clyde 's neck ! clyde scream . the knife embed in he neck . he throw he hand to it , stumble backwards and fall . clyde try to speak , but it come out gurgling and bloody . mike believe I , I understand you extreme situation , but ... punishment 's go to have to be hand down . shoot script october 17 , 2006 92 . Mike aim the shotgun at clyde and ... boom ! the blast take half of clyde 's head and neck apart . Mike stare at clyde 's body . mike one down . 125 ext . wood behind ida' cabin - night 125 the rain start ... ida stop , she hear the two shot . the deed do . she grab she shovel , walk back towards the cabin . 125a int . torture room # 1 - night 125a angle on - the open shotgun as Mike take out the two empty shell . Mike , now next to clyde , feel clyde 's pocket for more shell , but there be none . mike fuck . sheryl what be it ? mike no more ammo . Mike glance around the room , then spy ... the knife he stab clyde with . he pick it up off the floor . off screen : in the distance , the iron door creak OPEN . off sheryl and mike' look , we ... CUT to : 126 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement - night 126 ida approach the room , push open the door . 127 int . torture room # 1 - night 127 ida' Pov - the room be empty . except for ... angle on - clyde 's dead body . ida no ! shoot script october 17 , 2006 93 . ida drop by he side , cradle he body . the love of she life be go . before she know what 's happen , she turn ... mike , knife in hand , explode from torture room # 2 , run straight for ida , but ... ida swing the shovel , knock mike' legs out from under he . he trip and fall to the floor . ida get up , stomp down on mike' hand . the knife drop . from the hallway ... sheryl look out , watch as ... back in the room ... ida grab the knife , plunge it deep into Mike 's calf . ida in for a penny , in for a pound . I can not save you soul now , Michael . I try . I give you a way to cleanse yourself of all you sin and deliver you to heaven ... and how do you repay I ? ida take the knife , dagger it into mike' thigh . ida by killing my clyde ?!? sheryl -- spot the shovel on the floor , grab it ... ida there be no soul blacker than yours . and now , by the grace of God , I must deliver you to Satan myself . ida retract the blade , pull herself on top of Mike . ready to stab again , when ... sheryl slam the shovel over ida' head . angle on - the shovel blade spray with blood . ida fall over . sheryl and Mike stare at she lifeless body . sheryl step over ida 's leg . she take a big step , clear ida 's upper body ... and stumble . sheryl go to Mike , wrap he arm around she , lift he up . but just as he foot touch the ground ... a surge of pain cripple he . Mike fall back to the ground . shoot script october 17 , 2006 94 . mike I can not make it . sheryl I be not leave you . mike ( thinks ) clyde 's walkie-talkie . it 's probably upstairs . find it . call the Ranger base . ( remember ) my gun . see if you can find we stuff . my gun 's in my backpack , side pocket . sheryl what good 's the gun ? you toss away the bullet . Mike turn away . guilt etched on he face . mike there 's another box of ammo . sheryl Mike ...!?! mike let 's get out of this alive first , then you can bitch I out , okay ? sheryl concede . she go to the ladder , stop ... turn . Mike look at she . they stare at one another . mike it 's okay , baby . go. sheryl turn , ascend the ladder . 128 int . MAIN room - ida' cabin - night 128 sheryl exit the sewing room , enter ... 129 int . clyde and ida' bedroom - night 129 sheryl search the bedroom for the walkie-talkie . a flash of lightning , illuminate ... in the window , deacon appear . sheryl do not see deacon . she find the walkie-talkie ... 95 . sheryl ( pushes button ) hello ? come in , please . we need help . be anyone there ? intercut with : 130 i/e ranger base station - night 130 rain beat against the window , pound the roof . Evelyn , with poncho , stand outside , just lock the door , when ... sheryl ( v.o. ) please , someone ? be anyone there that can help ? sheryl ... lower the walkie , wait for a answer . evelyn ... stop . she hear something , but not sure exactly what . she re-enter , head over to the cb . just as she pick up the cb mic ... deacon , drip wet , appear in doorway , lunge for sheryl . sheryl scream , drop walk - talkie , as deacon tackle she onto the bed . the walkie - talkie break into piece . evelyn ... pushes the " talk button " on the cb ... evelyn this be Ranger base , go again ? sheryl and deacon ... the headboard slam against the wall , cause a crucifix to dislodge off a nail and fall onto the pillow by sheryl 's head . 131 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement 131 Mike hear sheryl scream , realize it must be deacon . he lift himself up use the wall as balance . 132 int . clyde and ida' bedroom 132 deacon strangle sheryl with one hand . sheryl 's eye bulge out of she head , she face beet red . deacon raise the sickle / axe into the air with the other . sheryl 's hand find the crucifix and jab it into deacon be jaw . deacon grab for the cross , let go of sheryl roll off she , the bed and collapse to the floor . 96 . sheryl cough , struggle for some air . she climb off the bed , run out of the room . 133 int . torture room # 2 133 Mike enter , scour for a weapon . find a machete . 134 int . clyde and ida' bedroom - night 134 deacon yank the crucifix from he jaw . blood squirt , pour from the wound . 135 int . sewing room , cabin - night 135 sheryl run in , scream down the trap door hole ... sheryl Mike ! 136 int . hallway / torture room - ida' cabin basement 136 Mike exit room , pass ida 's lifeless body . trudges down the hall . each step painful . 137 int . sewing room , cabin - night 137 deacon enter . one hand cover he wound , the other hold the sickle / axe . sheryl grab a candlestick , use it to defend herself . deacon swipe at she , but miss . sheryl crack he across jaw with candlestick ... he fall , but grab onto sheryl ... they both fall uncontrollably down the trap door step , into ... 138 int . chapel 138 sheryl and deacon tumble , crash into shelf wall with the fetus jar . they wobble , shake , then ... the entire shelf wall crash on top of sheryl and deacon . the fetus jar break , spill out everywhere . the shelf wall block the Iron door from open . 139 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement 139 Mike look up , hear the commotion . it only quicken he pace . 97 . mike sheryl ! a path of blood leave in Mike 's wake . 140 int . chapel 140 sheryl shake the cobweb free , open she eye , move she head slightly , just as ... slam . the sickle blade slam into the wooden floor a inch away from sheryl' head . sheryl scramble to she foot , when ... squish . her foot step down on top of the smallest fetus . puss and mucus ooze out . deacon try to push the shelf off he . it 's heavy . it move a little . sheryl limp up the trap door step . 141 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement 141 Mike push up against the Iron door , but it do not move . the shelf wall block it . 142 ext . ida' cabin - night 142 sheryl race from the cabin . rain pouring down on her . she spy ... angle on - moonshine jar , a lighter . the one ida use earlier . 143 int . chapel 143 deacon push the shelf again , this time success . he get to he foot , grab he weapon . 144 int . hallway - ida' cabin basement 144 Mike , with every ounce of strength leave , push at the iron door . it budge , just a little . he push again and , finally , the door open ! Mike scramble into the Chapel . 145 ext . ida' cabin - night 145 deacon exit the cabin , step off the porch . he peer into the rain and the darkness of the wood surround the cabin . no sheryl anywhere . shoot script october 17 , 2006 98 . sheryl ( o.s. ) hey ! deacon turn , look up ... on the porch roof ... sheryl , a fresh tear in she dress , hold the silver lighter in one hand , the moonshine jar in the other . the moonshine jar have a tear length of she dress stick out , a homemade molotov cocktail . she glare down at deacon , light the cocktail ... sheryl burn in hell you sonofabitch ! she drop it ... the cocktail hit . the flame consume deacon , spread quickly over he entire body . deacon flail wildly , try to put out the flame , stumble forward , run off towards the forest . he trip and fall just as he enter . sheryl ... the rain pour down , stare at ... angle on - deacon' burning corpse lay in the thick brush . 146 omit 146 147 omit 147 148 int . MAIN room - ida' cabin - night 148 sheryl enter ... Mike limp to she . he drop the machete , collapse in she arm . they hug tightly . 149 int . chapel 149 angle on - a bloody hand grab a poker from the fireplace . 150 int . MAIN room - ida' cabin - night 150 Mike look , across the room ... in the mirror' reflection - ida , the bloody mess that she be , step from the shadow , a iron FIRE poker in she hand . Mike push sheryl to the couch , safely away just as ... ida stab mike in the stomach with the poker . sheryl scream . she run toward ida , sickle / axe in tow ... she swing the blade ... it slice through the AIR , and ... shoot script october 17 , 2006 99 . angle on - ida' head , severe at the neck , hit the floor , roll to a stop . sheryl turn away from ida , run to Mike 's side . Mike 's a bloody mess , he life slip from he by the second . sheryl tear Mike 's shirt , blood pour from he stomach . she find the wound , but have nothing to stop the blood . sheryl you do it , baby . you save I . you say you would and you do . stay with I , Mike . stay with I . mike ( barely audible ) Love you . sheryl well , if you love I ... fight . please baby , fight . she look around wildly , spying ... a wardrobe by the kitchen . sheryl I will be back in a second , Mike . sheryl jump up , race for the wardrobe . inside the wardrobe -- on a shelf be some towel , linen , etc . sheryl grab the towel , but as she do . she see , on the floor of the wardrobe ... her backpack . sheryl quickly rummages through she backpack . she find ... she cellphone . the flier with the emergency contact info . jump CUT to : sheryl drop down by Mike 's side . she lean in , listen for breath sound , feel for he pulse , find one . very weak , but it 's there . sheryl do not you even fuck think about leave I alone . she presses the towel against he stomach wound , all the while the phone 's press between she ear and shoulder . shoot script october 17 , 2006 100 . the " no signal " tone chime in she ear . sheryl shit. ( to Mike ) come on , baby . fight . sheryl re-dial , only to get another no signal tone . sheryl oh please God . sheryl raise the phone into the air . on the screen - one single bar pop on . sheryl hit re-dial . on the screen - dialing ... dialing ... dialing ... connected . dissolve to : 150a omit 150 a 150b omit 150b 151 ext . ida' cabin - night 151 the rain have stop . a couple of rangers along with a paramedic unit surround the scene . sheryl ... sit , completely still , a paramedic work on she cut and hand . she watch as ... the other paramedics load a gurney into the back of the ambulance . a sheet cover the body . Mike 's body . once inside , the ambulance 's door close . sheryl watch the ambulance pull away . she place she hand on she stomach . it 's just the two of they now . evelyn ... step from the midst of the activity , up to sheryl . she lead she away from the ambulance , towards the Ranger truck . evelyn call you folk . there gunna meet we at the hospital . be a while since they be come in from d.c . the word go straight through sheryl . no reaction . 101 . evelyn sorry , but I just have to ask ... you tell the sheriff there be someone in on this whole thing with clyde and ida . Big fella , scar all over he ? ( no response ) mame ? sheryl 's eye meet evely n's . she nod about to continue on , until she notice Evelyn 's demeanor . sheryl why ? what be it ? evelyn ( change topic ) you have have a exhaust night , why do not you ... sheryl ( hard , cold ) what be it ? evelyn we do not find anybody like that in the yard or the house . sheryl ( concern grow ) no . it 's not possible . she turn , look around , but spy nothing ... evelyn calm down . it 's gunna be alright ... sheryl fuck you it 's gonna be alright . sheryl turn to the wood , hold she look . as if she know ... 152 ext . wood near the cabin - night 152 in the distance ... past the tree , deep into the wood . come to a rest over the shoulder of deacon . very much alive . he stare at the cabin for a beat , then cross out of frame . CUT to black . fade out . the end