euroatiantic Ltd 28 cagogan Square landen swix qp waneere 01068 ed omen s0eeie ree the the. bandit a sereenpiay by michael panry and terry gilliay April 1st 1989 tn . May 6/980 revise 6.5.30 2 int. kevin' bedroom day : 2 in a corner of the room , kevin ~ a rather ordinary but elearly imaginative 11 year old - be busy arrange bis toy soldier and borse into battle formation . make lot of noise , he attack they with tank and laser gun . bang ! his mount troops be send fly . Zap ! the building block fortress come crasb down . roar ! a rocket power machine spin around ths corner and smasbes into the plastic indiane . be be deeply immerse in tbie battle as the mismatch force rag to and for , when suddenly the mood ie break by he mother 'e voice from downstairs . . mother ( v.0 . ) Kevin , supper ! vite , xbwin all rigbt ! : he look back at ' bis toy <- do one final apocalyptic wipe - out of troope , then look sadly at bis jumble toye be resignedly head off out of the room , take as he go , a thick book of Greek heroes . credit end . int . kitchen day . 3 kevin sit down at tahle , witb bis book . his father eit , oocasionally slurpng a cup of tea and rsade the evening paper . there be a ping ! from the sideboard and after & moment mother 's set a plate of three very similar bland lump before kevin . kevin ( set aside bis book ) what 's that ? a mother ( pick up packet from eideboard and study content ) . ( read ) Chicken , duchesse potato , and carrot ... kevin look sceptical . it say it 's lovely . kevin 's ( unconvince ) which be the chicken ? revise 6.5.80 3 . cootinue 3 ony mother ( look at pack again , rather irritably this time ) er ... the coe on the leave ... kevin isolate the chicken and cut a hit off in a desultory way . he open the Greek book and read at the same time . mother ( address father as she throw pack away ) what we ceed be something to take this thiog out of the packet automatically . it 'e weariog I out - all this unwrappiog ... pather we can not have everythiog dear . mother why ever cet ? I know some people who have . 2 int . s1tting room evening oo 4 still picture of modern , fully gadgete kitchec . applause . pull cut to reveal a tv screec . voice over ( on ty ) yee , :folk ... moderna design preseot the latest io kitchen luxury . the moderna wonder Major all Automatic cooveciecoe ceoter-ette . give yon all the time in the world to . do the thing you really want to do ! CUT to reverse . angle . mother & father sit in they armchair look zombie~like at the tv screeo . they each have @ mail - order catalogue on they lap . behind they kevin eit immerse in he Greek hero bock . he look up. kevin . dad ... do yon know that ancieot Greek warrior have to learn 44 way of unarm combat ? . the tv drone co . + volce on tv ++ @ wash machine that clean , dry and tell yoo the time in three major internaticoal citiee ! a toaster with a range of 50 yard ! and a infra-re treezer / oveo complex that can make you a@ meal from packet to plate in 153 eecood . revise 6.5.80 3a . continue have mother the morrison have get nne that can do that in 8 second , father oh .. mother block of ice to boeuf bourgignan in 8 second ... ( with feel ) oo» lucky thing ... : _. father well , at least we have get a two speed hedge cutter . kevin do you know , the ancient Greeks could kill people 26 different way ! 's father ( without turn ) bedtime fnr you Kevin , it 's nine o'clinck , kevin and this king , agamemmnnn , he nnce fight .. mother go no dear , you father 's say ! kevin oh , all right . . bustle on in front of b.p. of the dream kitchen . continue 4 meanwhile on the tv screen , a bruce forsyth figure have comperb ' well , that 's today 's star prize , s0 let 's meet today 's star guest on '' you money or you life 's ! Music . the title " you money or you life '' flash on and off in neon behind he ... as a rather nice old couple be bring on by a leggy , fishnat - tighted hostess . and you name ar ? all and Mrs staveacre . compere 9b. go come ms o5 let 's not be ao formal aoe - yes we know that . ' ahd you be = old man reginald ... compere ' reginald , that 's a interesting name , and - 7 ? old lady beryl ... compere reginald and bezyi - it 's you money or you life ton : - be yon nervous ? and so on . int . hallway evening ot 3 ' kesvin pause on stair up to bed . kevin could we go to Greece one day - S revise 24.4.80 s. int . sitting room evening 6 laughter from t¥ , CUT to screen to see that the old man be be show some heavy black weight . . compere now then reginald ... mo ... do not lift yet . oo , you be keen ... father & mother ( without turn ) good night ! . kevin turn and walk up to bed . back to the ty . compere ia he like this at bome beryl ? eager ? roar of laughter . beryl look embarass .. compere 00 , I bet you bave sone fun ‘on britisb legion night ! more 's roar of langhter . and so on ! : int . bedroom niget , kevin be in he pyjamas . just before be get in bed bs pause , look down at bis toy , and move a couplis of napoleonic soldier into battle position . be then climbe into bis bed . be pick np he book and look at agamemnon again , with wide eye . father ( v.0 . ) and turn that light off ! kevin reluctantly switch off he light . pause for a moment . then snuggle into he blanket and turas over onto he side . the sound of downstairs fade into a strange , deep silence . suddenly there be the sound of fierce rattling and bang . kevin pull himself up on he elbow . for look into the darkness anxiously . the weird and violent bang and clanking come from the wardrobe stand against the wall oppoeite he bed . even as kevin look the noise and sbake increase , and suddenly the wardrobe deor burst open - splinter fly everywhere - and a fully ~ armoure mediaeval knigst on borseback charge ont of the wardrobe and into the room . the horse be cover in froth , and be rear wildly . continue al '' oe eeteepemevenn etre esrwnembee awe esevaian steaminieinne merm -eute cont seenpemrreeennen 7a revise 6.5.80 . 5a continue ? almoet cut of control . a great wind blow through the room swirl leave and dust about . the knight have a huge sword in he hand which sweep through the air knock ohjecte in the room all over the place . he be shont after some other knight who we can not eee . snddenly , with a commanding cry from the knight , the horse leape right across the kid 's hed and charge down 2 darken avenue of tree that have replace one of the wall of the bedroom . the kid be stunne . he dive under the cover . the hoofbeat disappear into the distance and , slowly , he peere cut from hie hide place . everything be hack to normal . no mess . no enight . no ' avenue of tree . he turne on the light . get out of bed he go over to the wall where the avenue of treee have heen . nothing . except.. , . among the picture stack 211 over the wall be one which be identical to the avenue of tree down which the knight vanish . suddenly , the door of the room be flung open . oo father : what - the hell be go on up here ? I tell you to turn that light off and get to bed . and no more noise ! int . kitchen ' evening | 7a Supper at home . they be all sate identical feed . kevin ig anxious to he somewhere else . {to father ) it just come off like that ... the whole thermostat , that 's the toaster ths spreader and the slicer all go . ' she 's in a terrihle state . pather should have buy german ... xevin ( eagerly ) mum ... ? . mother that 's what I say , would have match she rotissomat too .... xevin mum ... dad ... can l= mother ( turn on he ) = . &nd you be go to bed in good time tonight ! : kevin iwas think I would go to bed now actually ... cant nned '' 7a revise 6.5.80 5b continue 7a . : mother now ? certainly not ! pather you must wait until you food 's go down . esvin _ I have not . eat any food ... mother telly = ond eat you food . * prather 4 for tt t0 go down , they be cut ' short '' hy . a new noise . a shrill whining follow hy a series - of rapid alarm huzze . * mother ' on nel . _ not the carvery again . she rush across . toa machine that seem to have start uncontrollably slice a ' joint of cold meat , send slice of ham quietly and unstoppably on to the floor . int . sitting room night . 73 tv be on again . same game show - much laughter . this time the two aged contestant be suspend above a large vat of custard . everyone roar with laughter . except kevin' mother & father . = : '' et emece pull . odt = kevin . be in the hall make he way past the sit room door . he have something hide under he dune . compere '' oco you be awful ! now all I - want : to know be +e . what famous fil Star begin with ' C '' ... ? kevin it 's go down now ... my supper ... i. can feel it . I think I will go to bed . paateer good , off you go ... but no noise ! 7 revise 6.5.80 sc. continue - ' 7b a roar of laughter from the tv drown the end of father 's sentence . kevin ( who 's halfway up the stair in he eagerness ) what ? father no noise ! xsvin oh nol right ... : | 71 . compere no no ... cape town be not a film star ... be run up the last , three etair in a single hound . int . bedroom night 7 kevin 'e bedroom . this time there be no dawdle . kevin enter hriskly , pull torch and Polaroid camera carefully out from he sweater , and lay they on he hedside table . he put he dress gown on over he clothes and jump into hed and look around . hesitantly he turn out the light . : blackness . no noise ... no rattling . nothing odd ... he look disappointed ... silence . pan round the toy , the gupboard , to kevin , who sit on the bed , holt upright , with he dress ~ - gown on , a eatchel elung arcund he , torch at the ready , Polaroid camera at the ready . nothing happen . ' he flash the torch . still nothing . he lock around and switch off the torch . - fade . fade up sometime later . kevin be have difficulty stay awake , but every time he head drop it jerk he hack into wakefulness . .. ' he look across to the door . the light on the landing go out , and he hear the door of hie parent ' hedroom shut . he return to he watch , but hie -eye hegin to close . he jerk awake then he tired eye close again . 4 clock chime one . the room ie in silence . kevin han finally go to sleep . suddenly there be 2 eingle heavy thud , quite frightening , from the wardrobe . there be 2 pause . at first kevin do not wake , then follow 2 series of more very rapid heavy thud , follow hy muffle cursing and quite undeniably human grunt be groan . kevin wakee and cautiously pull himself BP on 36 continue 7 revise 6.5.60 . 6. continue . 7 kevin can hear the wardrohe dnor creak open in the dark . . : strutter where be we 7 randall I do not know . wally leok at the map ... randall it 's ant on the map ... ' wally be he come after we ? do not panic . + ' pidgit be he come after we ? eevin reach 's far a tareh lie a the bedside table . randall . I do not know ... I think we give he . the slip . hand shaking , xevin switch the tareh a . immediately ' he do sn there 's panic . the heam af light fall upon . a group of dwarve , dress and armed in a weird and wonderful ' variety of costume and weapnn from various perind in histary , who blink sightlessly back at he . they name . be randall , ~ strutter , wally , og , fidgit and vermin . og . ( fearfully ) it 's bim ! they try to race away from the light . like frighten little animal they rush here and there along the wall . ( panicked ) he 's find we ! . wally we be do far ! fidgit I tnid yan ... strutter we have have it ... ll revise 6.5.80 ? { - 7 continue : 7 . they finally pile up in a whimper heap in the furthest corner . rawoall , the apparent leader , hiss to ths other . : leave it to I ! he hesitantly step forward . he be clutching a parchment map cover in various symbol . he bold it up and addressee the light very deferentially . randall - e+ we.can explain everything sir .. honestly .... we only horrow the map sir ... and then we be er .. so happy .. we just run off .. in sort .. i } oie enero seh — revise 14.4.30 8. continue randall ( cont ) of high spirit , we be on we way back actually ... xxevin who be you , please ...? : & complete transformation comee over the cower band . 3 : strutter that 's not him ... qo ripest do not sound 's like Zim . tt isa 's zim , . sigut , ' gene ont aner7 ) . before kevin can hide , the bandit as one tear across the room and leap onto the bed . randall jump across kevin 's chest issue order . kevin struggle . _ wally get kick . oo wally '' ( ow ! my nose ! : randall help he ... og , help he ! og . who ? randall | wally . one leg each ... in the struggle , kevin and the dwarve tangle in the bed - clothes topple off the bed . kevin 's arm be pinion to . the floor . : t randall strutter ... get he torch ... strutter grab the torch . randall . right , shine it ... right in the face ... continue revise 6.5.80 9 i 7 '' '' continue : 7 . strutter ehine the torch full in randall 's face . '' ' randall . . his face ! : stuutter shine the torch in kevin 's facs , kevin look terrify . tt 's a kid ! 5 randall os ous fidgit ... check the door . with well - practise precision they run to the door . fidgit leap on og 's sboulder and look out through the glass light above the door - . oy fidgit all clear ...! wooo - . - strutter switch on the small hedside lamp which have topple . : to the floor . ° . 7 . ( pull Kevin to he . : foot «os . raght ! listen to I , help we get out of here and you will not get hurt ... wtas tf wally a ( from hehind ) . much ... kevin ( still. wide - eye with amazement ) W owe W os . why do not . you get out the way you.came ? ( grabh Kevin hy the byjama front ) do not try and be smart , you little ereep ... pugnacious murmur : fromthe other dwarve as they advance . " Little clever Dick " = " smart arse ! " etc . randall tf you want to play it smart ... I '11 intreduse you to vermin ... he eat . +. ' eaything you know , especially hit of | : people he do not like . @ . che indicate leer dwarf at the back ) o 7 revise 14.4.80 continue 10 7 . kevin ( beginning to back away ) I be not try to be smart ... I be just try to help ... ( advance ) you know ... do not you ... oe kevin ( back away ) I do not know anything . you know - and you be not go to tell we ~ well I be get angry ! kevin ig press against the wall by this time . oot kevin , i. do not know , - and vermin 's get hungry ... kevin aargh ! 's the wall : he 's lean against suddenly move back , # 3 ' '' - randall lungee . kevin fall to the floor in amazement . randall that 's it ! he 's find it ... strutter what ...? '' the way ont ! ksvin pick himself up . kevin it 'e never do that before ... randall hand . kevin the torch . randall hold that ... come on yon lot ... push ! the excited dwarve rush to the wall and push . immediately one lot push with such force the wall move back eeveral foot , and three : other fall on the floor . it 's very chaotic . randall try desperately to organise they . continue 7 revise 6.5.80 11 contiaue 7 randall ' not like that ! wait ... wait for I to give the order ... right ... ready ... ' they lean against the wall . see one ! ... some of they push , other fall on the floor as the wall move a few more foot . randall be beside himself with anger . he stamp bis foot : vigorously . 5 randall : - waitt 's ' yow geyer start at one ! er hear of anybody start at onel ... I will say '' one - two - three '' and on on three we beave ... ' we beave on - two ... or three ? randall Three !. : the other push , randall and strutter , who be lean against the wall argue , fall to the ground :.. the wall be now about ten foot from its original positon . randall be about to go mad again when there be a rusbing wind ... they all turn ... there behind kevin be a bright tine .». a ever-widen radiance ... they look in fear . wally he 's find we ...! kevin who ? randall 's ( with sudden urgency ) one~two - three ... beave ...! they all heave ... the wall begin to move steadily but not fast . enoug . randall ' ( to Kevin ) '' '' help we ... help we ... please .. kevin , still wide - eye with wonder , momentarily stand undecided . then , with a leek back at the light , begin to push . randall that 's it . push ! ... push ! revieed 14.4.80 12 7s '' continue 7 with everyone now push out of hlind panic , the wall move back ... 20 ... 30 ... 50 foot . the hedroom assume the shape of a long corridor with familiar hedroom ohject recede into the distance . the glow increase es the dwarve scrahhle with the wall . it coalesc at last into a hrilliant white figure with long beard and leonmine head of hair ... the wind howl , swirl he hair and rohe about majestically . re head down the passage at then . ( frantic ) push ! I ~ ss , kevin who be that ? push ! * the dwarve push frantically . kevin look hack in terror aad hewilderment . the supreme be ( for it ig he ) fill the passageway with he awesome presence . he make to speak . : the dwarve push . the supreme be level he gaze upon they and shout with the authority of many century . . supreme be return what you have steal from I ! set manny stake a 'o returnmt return ! ... return the map or it will bring you great danger ... stop ! ... now ! : the dwarve push , then suddenly , they lose they halance as the wall drop away into darkness . unable to slow they momentum , they plummet after it into hlack space . 8 time / space 8 as the ' square of light fromthe end of the hedroom disappear : far above they , they fall . down , down through the hlackness uecc~ ' csc= -- ' they tumble . they figure distort ... stretch and twist - a4 ing and then reforming as they pass through galaxy of hlack '' sphere in even hlacker space . the fall appear to be endlese . ervin be terrify . . 9 ext . deserted farmyard Day 9 CUT to a desert farmyard . the farm building be in a ad~ vance state of disrepair . a chicken peck in the dusty yard . suddenly the chicken emit a terrify sqnawk and leap into the air as a cloud of dust explode in front of she . the dust slear revealing the pile figure of the dwarve and kevin , 4 slight pause and then og , the last es usual splashes into a nearby watertrough . all the gang scramble to they foot and nae asaa for the harn . randall grab kevin 's arm and drag ong . revise 6.5.80 . 13 10 '' int . barn day : 10 , : scatter a few bedraggle geese , they race into the barn and ' dive into the straw , wriggle out of sight as fast as possible . randall throw kevin to strutter . fe kevin pe what be go - strutter clamp he hand over the boy 's month and drag he out of sight . randall hunch down behind a post near the door . he etare intently back at the spot they land . ee hold he breath . after a few tanse moment he let out a ' sigh of reliez . / : i that be close -.. all clear . slowly the other " peer out from they hide place . - strutter teleases hie grip 'on kevin . the dwarve begin olimb out of the straw . ' they eye be wide with a. mixture of fear and relief . . . 4 : . who be you ? hy . . '. ( rather impatient at by the interruption ) 's | . ees sab ! ' egvin ( he oa edge with i . . happen to my room ...? . who be _ that man ? '' . , fripgitr i uo . ( the nioe one -- next = to Kevin ) | ' that be no man .... that be the i Supreme be . you mean God ? . fidgit _. : we never get ts know he that well .. we_only work for hi ... : randall ( very ack play the eader the emergency ) : . shut uplt be we all here ...? : st the ame ( he look round at the . @ | panting bunch of disreputable ) to eee wally ...? wally Sir ...- io 12 continue a4 10 randall strutter ...? strutter yeak ... ! randall 1 pidgit ...? ' eidgit yeah ... ' randall oe .66 ? og ( puzzle ) yes ....2 - the * randall be you : I — oa . ma ? ' fidgit - ( helpfully ) yee , 'e here ... 7 randall vermin ...? . ( he lock around ) oo» vermin ! there be a2. grunt from a ill- light corner of the hale . it 'e , he quickly secrete some ohject behind he hack , . but 'a few Zeather around bie mouth give he away . he smilee , pather pathetically . randall ' stop eat ! , wally i'd rather he at they than we ... randall right it 's not safe to stay here , he 'e wtill after we , so we have get to keep move ... og , vermin ... hey ! where be you go ? " sevin have make = hreak for it . he run out of the harn , ert . deserted farmyard day . on kevin race cut and across the farmyard . he look leave and right , can not eee anything , . . : from ineidi bara atter nig [ 7o '' * betde the ? _32t , countryside Day 13 CUT to kevin run down 2 slope . he jump 2 stream ... he look hack and see the dwarve at the top of the hill . he race on through a wood , push through some undergrowth and onto 2 dirt road . ; i | i — — . — 134 ext . hill oday 13a revise 6.5.80 15 13 ° «+ ext . oad day 13 kevin ( serambling out of the " , undergrowth and coto the road ) . help ! help ! help ! suddenly , take ito he surroundings , ksvin stop , ee be stand in the middle of a avenne of tree ~ the avenue of tree down which the knight from he wardrobe disappear . his shocked amazemeot be interrupt hy the sound of thander hoofbeat behind he . spin around , he ie practically trample underfoot hy three madly gallop horse ride hy napolecoio hussar . the horse rear out of control to avoid the boy . kevin stand mesmerize . ‘( tvy to cootrol he 7 | reariog mount ) dammit. boy - this horse be ' valnable . '' : ( draw he and come at kevin ) you little fool ! : kevin be just mesmerize by this live representative of hie favourite , toy . . . . . 38d hussar . leave he , we be late . he wheel he horse round , the first follow with a kick to he horse 'e flank , and head off . kevin , fearless hecause of he amazement , stand with a eabre only inch from he throat . . 2 nd hussar - of d3sus : ( angrily ) simpleten ! the 2nd hussar whirl he horse away and charge after the other . the dwarve who have ' be watch all this from the cover of ' the undergrowth , @lipp off in the opposite direction . xsvin turn to where the dwarve be , but can see oo sign of tee Wide -ey , he rush np the hill after the hussars . on reach the hrow of the hill he stop ~ he eye can not believe what they be see . spread out io froot of he be 2 sweeping panorama of a late 18th century hattlefield , ta the distance , surround by fiercely tightiog troops , be a town under hsavy bombardmect , - refugees stream out of the town and up the road towards kevin , who be soon catch np in ths swirl of the retreat , tryiog to get a view of the battle , kevin kneel down , peer through the pass cartwheel . one of the refugees stumblee over he , : revise 6.5.80 , 16 134 continue : refugee ( roughly lift eevin up ) on you foot boy ... monk drive cartload of nun get a move on ! they be take prisoner .. sevin Excuse I , what be this town ? refugee castiglione vee ( bitterly ) «+. of what napoleon 's leave of it ... _ kevin napoleon ? kevin stop in - bis track . yes , it 's he city now . . ( spit ) . {to kevin ) c'mon boy ... you come with we if you know what 's good tor you , kevin ° {he can not believe any of this ) no thanks ... napoleon ?!! kevin be catch in the jostling queue of refugees . pushy cheese carrying refugee you be go the wrong way ! 134 revise 8.5.50 17 , 14 ext . bridge par , 14 ' guy to heneath a hridge . there , hide heneath the rumbling yefugee cart , heside a river , ie the gang , lietening to '' indall whe have the map open on he knee . : randall now we ohviously go a little wrong when we end up in the hrat 's hedroom , eee coat worry , I will get you out of it 's upside down ... fos jos randall listen , a0 yon want to run this gang ? so strutter no .. , bo ... we agree ... no leader ... 2 bandall right ! so shut up and do as I say . suddenly there be a shout from above . ii . hey ! they all lcok up in alarm . randall seb ! kevin come serambling down shouting . kevin _ ( full of eagerness ) . do you know where we be ? 2 randall .. ( grab he ) shut up ! kevin ( oukble over ) we be in Italy ! ... randall pushea he down under the hridge . randall what the hell deo yon think you be do 7 .. yell and tcream like that ? che jab a finger akyward ) e yon know what will happen if the Supreme be find we ... ( kevin look deflate ) ee can turn we all into use handle lez. just like that ... ershier ' 's '' | revise 6.5.80 18 kevin I be sorry ... hut ... I mean ... . it 's 1796 ... that 's castiglione .. he point towards the city in amazement ) that be napoleon 's troops ... they lock at each cther . strutter ao this whern we be mean to e a randall ( quickly turn the map and leok very closely at it ) that 's right , 1796 ... castiglione ... Northern Italy ... + suddenly a dwarve see kevin in a new light . ' strotter that 's : very good eee _ wally very good .... . fidgit how d' you know that ... ? randall ( eressly ) all right ! all right ! you can get -his autograph later . what 's you name ? _ kevin er ... Kevin ... ' randall right , Kevin .. shut up and play you fe ' gard right and we could make you a very rich man ... fidgit ... you keep a eye on he ... now be we a gang of desperate international thief or not ... ? general yes ... yes ... randall +e. and bave we a jok to do ? . general ( sntbusiastically ) yes ... oh ... great ! cy revise 6.5.80 ' 19 asia 14 continue a 14 : . randall 3 j : right ... so we have get to get inte j L . the town ... ) : kevin ] ' randall ssh ! now . be ie interrupt hy a great commotion on the bridge above they . que of the refngee carte that have heen rumbling over the bridge etop , and a elderly expire man be be carry down to the water by hie two daughter or son . be 'ea moan wretchedly ... | . randall ( shontiag up in : irritation ) dammit , can not yon flee more quietly «oe I be try to concentrate .. ow ee strutter , who ‘has stick he head out and eeen the untend cart , pop hia head back in again ... - _. strutter ao tive get a ide ... Quick ... . aun the dwarve hnrddle together , then head ned . then strotter ' take a quick look up at the cart , across to the expire ' qld man . then give a signal . with lightning ' precision the gang rush up on to . the bridge , ( * surround the cart , and throw out all the content .- then , . with club , swiftly knock the wheele off . Trey throw the = wheel - less cart over the side of the bridge and it land ia a the water . grabbing a couple of utansil to use as paddy i they . rush back down to the etream and leap inte the fleat a cart . ' the last dwary hand a cup to the old repugee to aid ae hia drink . . refugee thank you kind '' here ! . ee realise with indignation that he 's be give he own : oup . as the cart float off down the river the refugees profusely start to thank the dwarf when they realize what to have happen . the carticad of fiercely paddle duarve i float away toward the set sun ... and adventure . C ) , ° revieed 6.5.80 20 15 ext . castiglione night cart-boat make its way tbrough the burn devastatioo surroundiog tbe stream . body plummet from bridge , troops march to and for . people rush to the water to esoape tbe flame . Dead animal float io the stream . manoeuvriog they craft to a landiog , tbe gang climb out . over all the borror be the sound of coe man laugh . . 16 ' ext . CITY street night enteriog tbe ruin city , they make tbeir way past debris and burniog buildiog . wounded lie about the street wait for attention . - the soy and tbe dwarve bead in tbe directioo of the. laughter . . ( to. strutter ) what be we go to do ? . strutter ( sbarply ) ( whisper ) a robbery ... ksvin a robbery ? fidgit ( a little indignantly ) of course .. we be internatiooal criminal .. we do robbery ... randall shh ... quiet at the back ... 17 ~«=ext . town square night - : in the middle of the demolisb town eqnare stand 4 small 's : opeo - air theatre surround by a low ecolosure . on the 15 16 17 17 stage be a even smaller puppet theatre . a lond and violent punch and Judy show be be perform , around tbe edge of the audience area stand impatieot and exasperate french 's : general . alone , in the middle of the audieo with area , sit a small uniform man enjoy himself immensely . it be 17 revise 24.4.80 204 . continue . 17 napoleon bonaparte . his laughter carry over the devastation . the town elder be next to the french general - in chain . troops continue to round up townspeople and march they to a wall where they be execute by a tiring squad . this continue throughout the entire scene . everyone , apart from napoleon , be look anxiously and nervously at each other ... smoke drift across the area and there be the sound of distant gunfire . randall — ( to the group , crouch ' behind a pillar ) that 's he ... oo che point to napoleon ) kevin < ( he face change ) * you ! be not go to rob he ? randall that 's . rigkt | .. every single penny he 's. get . kevin that 's napoleon .... 17 18 a2 continue 7 . randall , . and ke 's rich ... kevin but - randall ssh ! he push they back in the shadow , as one of napoleon 's Generals , lucien , pass close by they , and go acorcess to napoleon . lucien , like a 11 napoleon 's advisere , be uasostaeacely very tall . : ss lucten ae Cleaning down to napoleon ) monsieur Commander ... I think that + the : Mayor of castiglione and he Council would like very mck to surrender new please ... . napoleon do not . respond . ee just roar with laughter at ths puppet show . napoleon ' look at that ! look at the little tellow ! ( he convulse with langhter ) lucien ( with a glance towards ths other Generals who motion he to have another go ) Sir ... the surrender of castiglione would be a marvellcus teather up the cap ... with this city we have the whole area of western Lombardy at we foot ... napoleon oh , go away = ( he turn back to the etage ) more ! more ! int . backstage night my 18 CUT to the stage . the puppeteer be really rather badly wounded hnt manfully carry on hit judy with punch despite kis hloody wound , because napoleon be enjoy it all so much , behind the puppeteer at back of stage a very 13 be revise 14,4.80 ad continue 138 nervous greasy - haire manager be bite he nail . stand around be various other act who leok very miserable . they be all very tail . out in the square napoleon continue to enjoy himself ... ext . town square night ig he roar with laughter and applaud . lucien look desperate , another General , neguy , walk briskly across , determine , t@ sort this whole thing out once and for all . : ' . neguy mon Commander , they be very keen to surrender . they ' ave be here 8 hour - napoleon dost 's stand bo close to not néguy . I have tell you , about that before , you om one side ... ' im on the other . it 's like be at the bottom of a well . they retreat a few step back . just because you think I be small ... ( wearily ) ' no yo n're not small ... Commander ... you be not . small at all . lucien . no , not by any mean . 5 foot 1 ia not small . & for 1 and conque : 2 t oot ror of Italy ... net bad eh ? 7 general Ho ... very good indeed . napoleon return to the puppet as the curtain draw . 23 19 continue : 19 more ! more ! 20 04«int . back stage '' night 20 behind stage the wretch puppeteer , badly wounded and try to etaunch the flow of blood , hear this shout of appreciation with utter horror ... he 's desperately try to prepare bis puppet for ancther show despite bis pre- carious grip on life . he lock imploringly at the manager , ) * who himself look only eacood from the 19th nervous break - qlsoexr . ; 22 | i ; 7 when be . the last time a man of . : . 5 foot 1 take Milan ... buh ? eg. . " * ¢dutdtuaty ) oh ... long ago eir ... 's the manager appear ... he be frightfully ingratiate . italian manager ab ... of ... Sir ... tue of eee no . thank you ... thank yon very much . i |] wooder 42 you would like to see to any of we ... other ... item ... we have Zuzu and benny ... ( he quickly motion they to. come. out ) . pun :on 'a unicycle . they be both tall and gormless , with only three stilt between they . napoleon wave they away . italian manager no ...? br ... how about the great rumbozo ... he sing and aate ' heavy thing ... ‘y he appear , aguin far too big . no ... er ... how about ... ab ! lew this I think you like ... very e ' funny ... the Three idiot ... 23 revise 14.4.80 _* continue 2a he summon they . : italian manager eee @p 42. from latvia ... very funny act ... they swallow brushee ... Three very frighten men in drag appear ... they be all well over 6 foot . arcee wot . ( angrily . not. no ... they be all freak ... : : what kkind.of . theatre be you vuna ? = manager '' sorry eir but ... 7 ( he ig cut off by a .* volley from the fire . squad ) »* .. ~ napoleon . more. of the funny show ... with : the little puppet ... hit each other ... that 's what 1 like ... little thing ... hit each other . " * napoleon look so angry that the manager lick he lip and ' : dare say no more . he push he act back . int . back stage night " a2 behind et : '' the puppeteer be in a even worse etate . he nhold BP vee ' ext . ' town square night 23 napoleon . cheer . pounce fall leave a trai : vo : . napoleon boo ... leg euddenly stick out ct store too " the puppeteer be now a ex-puppeteer . randall verte ss renece - ( look knowingly at strutter ) c'mon ! oo nm 24 26 int . back stage nigst , 24 . tae italian manager have a gun at hia head , wheu they appear . brist chat , the italian manager wod he head , bar. town Square ntgat 35 outaide napoleon be lock very ted up , at ths demise of the puppet , 4 teied general , 6 foot 9 inch louis marois , comte mge T and earl of orlean , approach napoleon . luckily for bim , just ae hs ie about to epeak , there be a tatty fanfare and suddenly the dwarve tumble onto the stage , remove the puppet show and puppeteea and go into 's dreadful act , it 's brief , and - at the end randall signala to a musician who plage . & chord , and the curtaing cloee . napoleon sit very see : , nicgt : 26 ( to the manager as they '' come oft stage ) . well ? / ttte be ‘eo bad that the ttalian manager wearily pick up the gun_and place it to he head when suddenly he hear enormous splause from napoleon . he lower tha gun iu amazement . yas not this on of the worst act aver witueese ? sut nof ' napoleon . actually appear on stage , shaking hand with this dwarve , heam and happy ... he come up to esvin , and xsvin almost faint when the great man epeak to he . , . napoleon - ( shaking band with xevin ) you stick with this hoy ... man ... you have a great future , . che ' turn to the dwarve ) you know you be the best thing that . . ' bas bappen to : I since the whole : | gampaign ... I come to . conquer Italy because I think they be 211 small you know ~ I hear thay be really tiny guye but ~ , neguy and lucien come up on stage . nsguy : Sir ... I really think there ere more important thing + napoleon " cade patience snap ) shut. up ! do not you dare tell not oy business ... you be dimiase you hear seal you , lucien , and all the rest of you . great streak of misery . 28 27 38 he tee of 26 continue , 268 recuy but sir ... napoleon . not prom today I have new Generals ! he beam at the dwarve . int . . banqurt hall nica ? a7 '' the gang , dress in hnge french General uniform , sit around a great dining table heape high with food . the room ia full of the spoil of war , glitter goody which the gang can hardiy keep they eye off . napoleon be at the head of the table . he be wall inte a settle of cognac , and ramble on the while , to the polite but rather awkward bandit . Alexander the great ... five foot exactly . be a't that incredible ...? Alexander the great , whose Empire stretch from India to hungary ... one inch short than I ...!. gliver cromwell ... the only man with any gut in british history ... not & dig man ... not a hig mam at all ... CUT to the dwarve nodd dutifully . '' ext . ' tom ! squane = night 2s 's gut to out in the square . there be a slight wind whipping around the pathetic group of town councillor wait to eurrender . seaide they huddle round a fire be lucien , neguy and the other general in they underwear - though they still have . they sword dangle . round they long john . they look up iat the light window , hopefully , int . banquet hall '' night ; 98 CUT hack to the room . napoleon louwix xiv ... 5 foot 3 ... Henry of navarre ... call heary the great ... 3 foot 22 ... charlemagne ... & little $ footer ... aqnat little chap ... ao eke y 29 ° continue 29 j napoleon be get more slur , randall surreptitously } ! 's opena the map on he knee below the table . he whisper ' | ' to strutter . we hear napoleon dron on in the hackground ' ever more slowly . . c attila the hun , '' foot 1 } ... : randall pointa out of window , strutter nod . j 's rapolzon be very drunk now . " wind protien rack he hody ... ' , CUT to ksvin , meen eress bat & little sadden , pan round . . face of dwarve . yoltaize | vee 3 soe 2 ... cyrano de 7 ws . 5 ... 34 ... tamburleine the great ... 4 foot Sf ... and three ' ome quarter ... as we come on '' to randall , . there be a thud , randall look up . mapclegh ' bas finaly hit the table and pass out . ; '' of we oo . ( with genuine admiration ) be not he interesting . ' kevin look rather sad , wally make a grab for ths brandy . , randall smack he hand sharply . . randall . . there 's no time for that ... I have =~. - 'o »@heckad the map ... there should = . be a time - hole outside ... you go and check it strutter ... strutter i . right. randall ( aang wit map _ now . '' see iole 's here till 12.00 o'clock ... only ... after that we be trap ... 80 move it ! strutter disappear through the door . randall vermin , fidgit ... the tapestry ... 29 30 28 contiaue . 28 . pidgit ( turn to lock at it ) . ' yes ... it 's superb be not it ... 1 early 16th century ? randall get it . én _- finerr , the bandit spring into action ... fidgit leap on vermin 'e : : shouldere , og on fidgit 's and pull down the tapestry . they start to load the spoil into it . ext . town sq uahe | night 30 CUT to the équare . strutter , in he ridicalously ill-fitting . uniform with lomg droop tail emerge . trem a doorway . guard shout " attention ! " all the soldizr in the are snap to attention - include the relactant undress general . make he way across the equare with as much dignity as ' possihle sthutter reach the spot where the hole should be . he check the town hall clock . take a unexplode cannon - hall he roll it toward the hole , it disappear . : a . . ile suilea ia satisfaction and lock ap . | . : got to the town hall clock . a minute to midnight . he * starte to walk hack acrose . the moonlit square with as much speed , and , dignity , as he can muster , int . banquet ball night 32 back , in the hanqueting room . the walle have heen stripped hare . and all the treasure gather into ' the tapestry . og go across to the eleeping napoleon , take the ring off one hand , then reach for the other hand which napoleon have tuck in he tunic , and remove it . it turn ont to be gold bee very precious . they unscrew it and drop it in the ' swag * . . strutter enter in agitation . ' thirty eecond ! . this galvanisee everyhody . you find the hole ? + st revise 6.5.60 29 continue , 32 ' : strutter yes ! randall let 's go ... og and vermin and fidgit pull the swag . fidgit how be we go to ... . ) ( to kevin ) c'mon ... do not just stand there . sta they start to beave it out . kevin take one last regretful look at he piss bero . int . ' staircase = night . : 31a the gang drag they swag down the stair . ext . town square '' night : 32 ; tas guard shout attention as strutter appear at the doorway . all the soldizry etiffen to attention . — about turn ! 7 'a the soldier turn away . ' from the doorway come the drag they swag . they make they way through the rank of soldieh ' back . one of ths undresssd general get suspicious and sneak a hackward glance . he begin to shout order to the troops when he eee what 's happen . the gang brsak into 's run . soldier make chase . the town hall \dlock read only . second fromthe deadline : the gang madly race for ths hole and , just as the clock strike , disappear .. pursue soldier leap for ths ' spot but , nothing happen . ' the general in the underwear madly shout order bot the gang and the goody be go . : suyse soldier lsap canto a grow pile of body where . @ hole be . _time / space : ' 33 the gang and they hag of swag tumble through blackness , distorting , twist , reforming as they fall . ext . forest road Day . ' 34 CUT to a coach and pair fly through forest . I etyle be mediaeval . Inside this conveyance , sit a well - be '' dress young man and a hreathlese young woman . they be trightfully british , . ? t ' ' I t t t ' revise 6.5.80 . 30 | ' I 35 '' int . coach Day L . 35 ' , pansy siz Vincent , you come for I ! vincent lo good mistress pansy , 1 could not have ride faster ; 4 horse have . I exhaust this day from Nottingham . : '' pansy . the crazy way you leapt up to my . ) chamber ; so full of manliness . : 'o ' vincent . the seate scarce restrain the rush of.my foot . '' thess 12 long year - . , be ' be 's ' like ' chain that bound ae . aoe panst ang oe personal problem ? vincent : take ; much '' better . now I eat only , vegetable . oh , my dearsst , nothing . - can keep we apart now . pansy . it really be better be it ? vincent yee , honestly . provide I do not worry too much or become over - anxious . pansy . cher lip finally close 's . on he for the first time in they 18 year old . courtship ) qh Sir Vincent ... you need have no , ' worriee now . vincent anaagh ! 2 with a rending crash 6 dwarve end ksvin , and a jangling bag be napoleonic swag , drop from the heaven , sprict the roof @ coach pansy . scream . — - — — - + , . ( scream ) bandit ! ob my God !!! wally wa have land ! they flail about in the coach - ' arm , leg , gold ebjeste fly everywhere . — | | 's revise 6.5.30 31 continue , = . . vincent oh God , ay prohlem ! with a rip of Zabric , the duarve and they hooty fall through the back of the coach . ext . forest road dar 36 arve , swag and all fly out . of the now madly swerving qenoh ane tumble £ 2 a heap onto the floor of the forest glade . the coach swing out of , control , do 2 figure of eight , - then topple over eee , . rn the dwarve lie surround by the gold and Renaissance masterpiece of they napoleonic booty scattered amongst they . vincent and pansy climb out ; they be look a dittle hatter and terrify of the gang . vincent my money .. quick ! we must escape ! help ! pansy : ( grab two hag of money ) ' try not to hecome over - anxious , Vincent . vincent , look extremely over - anxious , ' grabe pansy , takee ene lock at the supine gang , . and run away up the track . the dwarve suddenly become aware of they success . wally + we-did it ! we do it ! fidgit we do it ... they pull themselves up and gambolabout dance round they = qooty all talk at once in hreathless excitement . pantastio ... eh ? ' wally unbelievable ... : of we be the great ... ud revise 6.5.80 33 36 continue 36 i . : strutter . ( sadly ) '' he use to work with we ... wally i ( emotionally ) one of the best . all : ( nodd thoughtfully ) yeh , yeh ... ( break the mood ) t to join we ? to le ewen can . we really go anywhere .. at . anytime -? . you * randall you name - it . if it 's down here .. . ( tapping map impressively ) how ? io : versus randall because ... this use to belong to the Supreme be e kevin yon steal it ? randall . well sort of . , . yon see , he be we + employer ... ' . ( disbelief from kevin ) +» we help to make all this - ( he indicate woodland - kevin leck round duly impressed ) . be would to the big stuff ... good and evil , night and day , man and woman , ~ and phe os we do the tree ... kevin - . ( look around at the ; sylvan glade this idyllic 's i mediaeval afternoon ) @ that 's not bad ... randall exactly ... but do we get a thimbleful of credit ? . | ry ad revise 6.5.80 32 ! 36 continue 36 . randall rang on ! hang on ! '' he 's a kid ... he 's not one of we . . . fidgit . he know a awful lot , randall . | wally and. he 's higger than any of we . . strutter we always need another pair of hand , | randall 's ... especially with horseflesh they all pause a something : painful have just be mention . '' horseflesh ? '' o revise 6.5.30 334 36 contin : 36 the gang shake head , all except vermin who 's eat . randall oh no ... all we get be the sack .. for create the pink bunkadoo . kevin the pink bunk a doo 7 ? randall yeah ... lovely tree , og design it .. six hundred foot high , bright red .. and smelt barat .- vermin helches loudly , '' of S " pour wine over he bead . vermin growl . the two of then have a playful punch - ap . . randall well , 's as a discipiiaazy measure we wer send down to the repair Department . you see , he would just create evil and be have a hit of . a prohlem with it , so the fabrio of the Universe be sort of botch up to he quite frank . yon see Kevin ... ( he become serious and see eet ee a «+» there be hole in it ... kevin hole ? randall yes ... hole in time and Space . kevin cor ! . randall that 's where this come in .. it 's the map of all the hole ... see ... once we have the map we know we be onto a winner . why repair the hole ? why not use they ... to get stinking rich ... ? wally yeah ... here 's to heing stinking rich ! bzere 's to crime ! he raise he bottle . the other echo the toast and hold ont the goblet , or in some case anything they can find ... helmet , shakos , hoot , etc . revise 6.5.80 36 continue fidgit and here 's to Kevin ... strutter yeah ... Kevin ... og ( confuse ) yeah ... stinking Kevin .. . all Kevin ... Kevin ... 33b 36 kevin look round with a flush of excitement , then delve in he heg and produce bis camera . | . eevin hey ! * hold it there ! 36 37 revise 24.4.80 34 continue | a6 tasy all stand glass raise ... randall with the map . various mutter and joke from the group . esvin point the camera . xsv in smile ... ! this instruction have awful and truly grotesque effect - a wondrous selection of leer and grimace , as they all try to leak they heet . the phote be take . much cheer . they all cluster round the camera . . snddeniy there be a ear-eplitt scream from up the track . vee it 's pansy , : . pansy help ! robber ! ... ' 2 og that 's we . seed another scream - ' help ! ' | randall someone 's in trouble - come on ! the hand pick up they swag and run off up the track . 37 . cup to the dwarve and kevin arrive at a glade just in time the see that vincent and pansy have be tie to a tree and @ group of evil men be stripping they of they monsy , bracelet , he fine jacket , eto . the dwarve look on in admiration from the cover of eome tree . strotter now that be we sort of people ! - the hobber finish they depredation and make off witb much evil chuckling and spitting at the foot of vincent and pansy . . wally yeah ... not bad be they ? randall come on ! the dwarve emerge from they hide place as pansy cry one last desperate ' helpi ' — . 37 38 the dwarve be follow the robber as stealthily as revise 28.4.80 35 contin 37 . pansy . ( to vincent ) , at last ! someone 's come ! the dwarve rush past they and off in pursuit of the robber . pansy help ! I say ! I say ! my fiance and I wonld care for some help . vincent 7 oh no ... I cam feel it ... I can feel the problem again . oo pansy . do not worry about anything . a vincent frait ... I must have fruit . there be a thunderclap . it start to rainon they . quite heavily . . ext . another part of the forest day : 338 they ean , hut they lose they . then kevin stop and point . . . kevin look ! there 's they camp ! sure enough there be noise and the smoke from cooking fire . randall ( pleased ) good lad ... Kevin ... right , let 's get in there . wally what ? in the camp ? '' randall yeah ... ( indicate hooty ) they be thief in there ... they could give we a few tip where the action be around here . fidgit . I do not like it ... let 's go home . randall do not be so wet ! come on ... cy 38 ' revise 24.4.80 38 cootinue : 33 randall walk anthoritatively off . they have not goce a pace hefore they tread all unawares upoo carefully laid soare and within a instant they be all whisk up co | rege and leave dangle upside down from the hranch of a trea , as they swing ( somewhat chastece hy this turn of event ) we see a group of most extraordioarily desperately scar and evil men in rough mediaeval garb emerge from the ambush . they approach the dangliog dwarve ... randall ( to wally hang heside he ) leave this to I , wally . . / wally . ( suddenly scared stiff ) what '' of we do 7 . randall just treat they right ... that 's all .. randall 's wpaide - down pov of the revolting robber as he approach . randall address he . 4 randall what do you want , you tatty old scumbag ? robber leader ( spit out viciously ) you husiness ... gobface ? . randall rokber ... . robber leader Zillainous rokher ... ? randall the worst ... robber leader stop at nothing ? randall nothing ... robber leader steal the cup from the heggar 's hand .. randall qf course ... ' , ' 38 revise 24.4.80 37/38 continue . 38 . robber leader test from blind old lady ... , . randall Rather ! leader toy from baby ... : randall whenever we can ... robber leader rigor . ses let they down ... the gang be lower ' rather sharply to the ground . they pick themselves up . you 's ' loek a& horrible lot , but we can never be sure . : randall thanks , trotber ... the gang begin to gather up the swag . the robber be mightily impressed ... all except one who be eyeing kevin wuspiciously . i. revise 28.4.30 : 38 ‘or . 38 '' contdoue : 38 : robber Z a . rey ! leok at this one ... he - . leok '' hit clean to I . . : fidgit | ' no ... mo ... d¢ '@ & skin complaint ... ' . robber 2 ! 3 he look '' bit honest too . 1 robber leader ts he ? ; oe fidgit , honest ! ... bim ? ... or ... mo .. , . bo eee : as robber 3 approach ' threateningly , randall motion to | ~~ ' wally and after a hit of subtle eyework , wally slip unobtrusively round hehind robber 3 . robeer 3 : ( leer thresteningly : ' ever nearer to Kevin ) nine fresh face ... eh ... doea not . be ' look as though that little face ae haa know muck evil ... eh ? a | xbvin look very frightaned . ' the other robber tura to : a see what 's go on eo . robber 3 2 oe ae . ( who be like all of = they , scar xod the 2 . grubby of countenance ) toe i think this happy little visage so ought to look 2 little more live . dn ... eh , boy ... 2 ? T mean rogue should look like rogue , J . mba sa : 4 tension mount robber 3 reach for the dagger that hang ia.a small e@heath at he side . ds he do sc , wally , with : wellepractise exill , removee the dagger swiftly and quite : uunoticeably trom the sheath . a roseer 3 grab the dagger but find himself hold thin 7 adc . he turas with a frown to see where it ig . wally blip deftly to the other side of he nae as he 's turn away @lipe the dagger into kevin 's band ! be xevix ( dagenuously ) ta this yours ... ? he hold the dagger out . ' there i9 a pause , then everyone . roar with laughter ... robber 3 look very piss off . he greta he knife heck and take a swipe at kevin . a7 338 '' revise 24.4.80 40 continue 3 . Little thief ... ! much laughter . og and fidgit exchange a smile , the eemesphere be back to cordiality . robber leader come on ... we will take you into the camp ... @at .. , drink ... meet we leader ... ' all qur leader ... cur leader ... ! ( a little anxiously as they '' ly gqve off ) you be not ... the leader ? the robber leader I ....0 ... no ... I be just sort of a front man , you know ... mo .. yor have not see nothing till you have see he ... randall look a little unnerve . ( guardedly ) oh. | , robber leader ( sinisterly ) do not worry ... he will like yon ... when he see what you have steal ... you will be blue -ey boy ... come on ! randall be a little chuff by this and allow himsel ? a look of modest ' pride . the gang follow , drag they swag ... ext . bandit 's hideaway Day 4 few rough tent as of a somadic band . many more evil look character be there , fight and have sp : spitting competition . ail rather unpleasant . one man wrestle anotser and he arm come off , ' mach laughter . ea drop a onto a pile and shout : abm wrestler come on you lot ... I like a challenge ! the eax enter the compound amid shout of ' who 's this ? " etc. and be march up to the main tent ... 38 39 revise 24.4.80 40a continue * 39 . robber leader wait . I will tell he you be here .. he go into the tent . a pause , then a tall rather well - wean chap in lincoln Green appear . kevin register he immediately , he eye light up and he mouth fall cpen . 39 's '' 4 , ) '' 42 continue 39 . . robin hood . ( approach randali , baad extend . he look and speak rather like the Duke of Kent ) hello , I be Hood ... ( audging fide pidgit ) it 's Robin Hood ! the dwarf bandit lock rather unimpress by this lean and stooping twit . . at ' robber leader ' oye weliizg at they ) say one acd Morning " ... you scum ! such be the ' dntimidete force of bis yell that they all immediately south they good morning ... . robin robber : I gather ... ? randall ' the best ... robin ok , jolly good ... we need chape like you all the time ... struck lucky have you ? . randall ( over bisa shoulder ) strutter , wally ... ? the two of they come forward with the haul and lay it down . they drop the edge of the cloth and stand around it . randall eye robin 0d with deziant pride . what a incredible haul nee randall positively glow . < xevin look very chuff and hope be will catch he bero 's eye . . robin aoe I mean I have be - in robbing for year ... but I have never see . like this ... and you acquire all this . by jourselve one @ robin I - say ! this be all wonderful ... revise 8.5.30 42 : 38 continue : 39 the dwarve aod , fot to burst . robin . well .. what sort of period be this . , . Roman ? wally napoleonic , siz , robin t neg reas pardon ? a randall . ee ; yes , «+s. Roman , sir . ' robin some of . it 's solid gold . . randall ewall ... randall yea it be nice , be not it . robin . abaolatsly ... thank you very very much . ths grin turn to puzzle frowus from all bar 0g , who be still grinaiag beatifically . '' robin call to a dark - brow neanderthal teug . robin Nigel @ will you get the poor in please ... nigel go off , be robin : now lat I see ... a " . hs starta to sort through the treasure ... , throw the 2 bead ril 8 object cato various pile , 39 revise 24.4.80 428 continue 39 robin that 's good ... that 's good ... that 's - good .. se pick up a titian nude . that 's no good .... he fling it away onto a bonfire and pick up a ruben . that 's mo good ... ' he throw it away - and pick up a tintoretto . that 's no. good ’... he fling the priceless tintorettos onto the fire with a splintering and rip of canvas . . robin that 's good ... oh this will be such a help in we work , } revise 28.4.80 43 } 39 continue . 39 robin do you want a receipt ... ? randall . that 's ours , we atnle that ... . robin T know , and believe I the poor _ will bs terribly grateful ... . robber leader nte specially with Christmas come ap , robia randall look that belong to we ... ! roberr | [ leader and two seavies block randall 's path as he start farward . " the | gang 's protest die in they throat as they see xicklh organiee a line of poor peasant who be each give one of the gang 's treasure . robber leader ( whack 1st poor man on head ) say ' thank you '.... 1st poor man ( ulatch solid gold bust af Emperor tiberius ) thank yan . 2 nd poor man ( filing past ) 's ' robin will you stay and help ns ia we work ... there 's so much to do ... kevin 's eye light op ... . kevin oc , I would like to stay . robin turn to he . . robin and who be you ? versus ee | mf + cee getone sue eee semanas revise 6.5.80 44 39 cootioue ' 39 this be a great momect for kevin . he 's just about to say somethiog to he hero , when randall pull he away . : . randall come on ... we be leave ! they turn away and with as much dignity as possible , randall lead he men off . some of they cast loogicg glance back at the rapidly re-distributiog wealth . . robin . ceall ) '' thank yout . . ' randall ( between gritt tooth . : . and without turoicg ) it he say '' thank you '' coce again , T will will he ... 40 ext . forest glade evening 40 a fork of lighteniog crack across a darkeo , wild , forbid sky . rain pour down . the atmosphere be suddenly very differeot . it be dark and dangerous . and a storm be brewing ... the gang be strung cot sicgle file . they have to shoot to make themselves hear as they straggle back . ag they emerge into 2 glade there be vincent and pansy , ecake to the skin , still lash to the tree . | ex-honks be robhicg the couple of they last beloogicg . the dwarve ignore the wretch couple . ' we be get & charity organisation ... we be thief ! eould at 1 e we at least have stay and talk vincent ( pathetically ) Excuse I ! Excuse I ! pansy - do not. worry about a thiog , darliog . 's 's | ) 40 continue revise 6.5.80 — 444 40 xevin I will never get a chance to meet Robin Hood again ... . '' randall stop moan ! he 's obviously a dangerous man , unbalance if you ask I ... give away what be not even bis ! kevin that 's what Robin Hood always do ... T know that ... ( savagely ) oh of course you know it all ... revise 8.5.80 | 45 continue - . strutter . leave he alene , randall ... 404 ext . rocky stream evening randall turn on the other . confrontation in the rain ... randall well , it make I sick ! anyone who 's slvay right make I sick . pidgit that 'e why ' you set on with yoursel ! so webl ree . watch it wally horeetleeh would not have get we iato thie . : sorecfiesh : be dead . struttzr give I the map randall , I be take over ... randall . you be not . strutter lam fidgit give it to he . . wally give it the I ... I be take over ! : randall leave it ! fidgit iim take over . . all I be take over ! punch be throw , as they all try to grab the map , they fall into a fight . xevin triee unsucceesiully to part they , but they be into a full - blooded punch - up . kevin suddenly stop aware that the rain hag leseen . he etand aside from the fight band . a cold wind blow suddenly . kevin look a little frighten . ' the wind increase . the dwarve fight . the picture worbles . 40 404 41 revise 6.5.80 46 int . evil genius 's grotto night 41 we pull bacx to reveal that the gang 'e image ie now see to he in a watery pnnl somewhere in a dank , drip stare chamber . canihalistin eymbosl be just vieihle on the massive stnne column from the slimy flnnr . in heavy sinister shadow a hlack ehape etand watch . this be evil ( Arthur G. evil ) . behind he ie a cluster af shape : mr . baxi - brazilia III , benson , ROBERT and cartwright , and two SMALL unidentifiable shape . evil laughter from they all . evil sn theee be the sart nf people the : Supreme be have canjure intn existence . laughter from hebind . look 's at they .. I wonld nort trust they to wipe they own ange ... laughter . encourage hy the ready syanphentic response he half . turn to & monstrous aseistant , baxi - brazilia iit . wonld yon ... b.8.11t ' no .. on @ir ... much. teo difficult for they . " laugis be . evil ( bitterly ) what sort nf ' Supreme be 's create such riff-raff ? 's b.b. iit ( jnining in the banter now , unaware that evil be unpredictahly moody ) re cnuld not even finish you properly , anuld he , evil one ? evil turn sharply . . eye hlaze . he raise a hand . there be a sharp report , a crack and a hiss and the hapless b.b.iii end ap in a little smoulder pile . evil ' do not ever speak to I like that . . no - one finish not ! T be evil , evil exiete lnng hefare geod . T can not ever be '' make '' and I cannnt ever he '' unmade '' ...! Tam ail powerful . ee eee ~— — i cv ) revise 28.4.80 47 vo 41 continue 41 's . cartwriget j ( helpfully ) ' but why , in that case , be you unable ) | to escape from this place ? ! evil whip round , raise hand , zap cartwright horribly . 4 : he twist , writhes and scream hideously , and die . evil geod question . why do I let the Supreme be imprieon I here in the fortress of ultimate darkness when I be all powerful ? ; _ | the SMALL dark shape pot . ( urgently ) : Sir ... Sir ... ) . evil because I will not be create on ro : he term ... to fit neatly into 1 he world - plan .. a hit of good , a hit of evil :.. a few sheep .. ' ' : a few cow . no! wo ... . that 's not the sort of world real evil a should he see dead in . '' , ' . the SMALL dark shape , ( more urgently ) '' . master ... master ... evil ( with supreme and sibilant scorn ) what eort of soft hrain create littl wriggly fish ... and hird with pink leg .. ROBERT cuncomprebendingly ) . yeah ... it 's terrible really ... ' the SMALL dark shape evil ( warming to he theme ) and what do he call that slimey hlack thing ... ROBERT slug ? . ) nad S or 41 continue much heavy revise 6.5.80 48 evil slug ! that 's it . . ( almost inccherent with contempt ) he '' create '' slug . he decide that there should he upon the face of this earth small , sticky , slimey , sightless , inedible black lump . they can not speak , they can not hear , they can not operate machinery . I mean be we not in the hand of a lunatio ? mmm ? nodd from he intellectually minimal subordinate . e + '' I mean , I would have start with laser ... I mean that would have heen 8 o' élock on Day one . ' ROBERT I can not wait for the new technological dawn . - ' " horseflesh ( the SMALL dark shape ) ( point excitedly into the pool ) Sir ... sir ... the map! evil ( dramatic moment ) the map ?!! eorseflesh that be the one who have the map ! evil , ( suddenly impressed ) they ! be you sure ? os horsefleshe oh yes , great and evil one ... I work with they ... I know ... : evil iz you be wrong , horseflesh , my revenge will be slow aad unpleasant . I will turn you inside out over a very long period ... horseflesh that be the map sir ... _ - — — — oe ~ - 41 42 revise 6.5.80 49 cootioue . . evil yery well tben . they must be bring to we fortress . what motivatee such '' buman '' detritus as this ? _ horseflese gread sir ... 5 svil greed yes ... beoson ... show I the weakest brain of this ecruffy band .. : , benson yee ... master ... he turng to a wheel . : evil turn and etaree tote the pool ... the picture close in on og as benson turn the wheel . they be all wet and cross . evil stand by tor mind control . ert . rocey stream = evening E 42 randall ( to kevin ) . all right ... all rigbt ... we will go to the future .. kevin . gesat ... it will be brilliant ... honestly . randall tt can not be worse than this . everyone agree ? all nod ... except og. og no ... T get a idea core they all turn oo the usually amiable , taciturn and tooocantly dim little 0g . randall who aaid that ? - 2 '' ae og ( he mouth movee strangely , as if bis braio be be . manipulate by a outer force ) T get a idea form ... im my bead . cae ee oie ' ! 4 42 424 4238 revise 6.5.80 50 continue . 42 strutter you have not bad a idea for tbounand of year ... og ( continue ) there be a place where we could find the great thing a man could want .. the goal of everybody 'e bope and dream .. . * randall : what be you talk about ? : .. og the most fabulous object in the yorld .. they all look interested . wally that sound good ! strutter yeah . ' ( break in ) hold on !!! we want bard casb , not some airy - fairy crock of gold nonsense .. strutter it - might be worth a try , randall . int . evil genius ' grotto night 424 evil ' they be hook ... greedy little fish . ext . rocky stream evening 428 og 's strange voice do bave a sort of bypnotic effect on the dwarve . kevin notice this . ( quickly ) ' no ... 20 ... let 's go into the future .. and see all tbe thing they have not invent yet ... everything ' 1ll be new and brilijant ... ! robot and laser beam and ~ CUT from close up of kevin to . '' / -— — — — — _ revieed 28.4.80 52 43 int . evil genius 's grotto night : 43 evil in he lair . evil who be this ? horseflesh I do not know , evil one , I have never see he before ... evil he ' be soronne than the rest , who ig he ? horseylese T don 'o . . know ... evil I be s-lesiag they ... I be lose they ... he 'e break the thoughtwave ... 40x , moeer sma evening 44 back to the dwarve ... the wind have etarted again . the element be get angry ... the eun ie just sink below the horizon . og ( etdll in he strange voice ) come with I ... kevin please «+. let 's try the future ... know we will find everything there ... og no woe mo vee _ randall ( to kevin ) you would better be right ... come on ... 444 ° rwr. evil gentus 's grotto niget 444 bvil damn ... damn ... the human element .. 44b revise 28.4.80 s1a ext . rocky stream evening a 445 . kevin . ae against the win where 's the hole ?- randall ( try to hold the flutter map eteady ) it 's over there ... see that two heeches ... next to that glow ... well , the one oo the right ... strutter ' 8 ( look up ) glow ? . , . ' pidgit it 's btm ! - wally he 's find we again ! fidgit we be 's do for ! randall Quick , make for the hole ! .. make for the hole . the glow come swirl towards they . the wind howl . tree and hush be rip up and throw through the air , as the gang dodge and weave towards the hole . kevin be well ahead of the other . the glow hegin to coalesce into the shape of the supreme be . kevin reach one of the hole . xsvin . c'mon ! he help the other dive into the hole and then , takiog one last look back at the fearsome ehape of the supreme be , he dive ioto the hole and be go . bee revise 28.4.80 $ 2 ext london 2076 day the camera pan down through a amazingly sleek , crystalline futuristic building . transpnrt tube silently zip people across the open space . greenery tumble from balcnny . this be utopia incarnate . . suddenly there nos a crash nf glass off screen . gigantic arm and leg fall intn shot . the camera punt back to reveal 2 jumble heap nf dwarve and kevin lie in the middle of what we can now see be a elabnrate architectural model . it be in a large glass cage arcund which stand several nurious passer -3y . a glitter sign above the case annnunce " ynur City in the 2080' " , '' forward with the Progressive Party '' . as the gang scramble nut of the display case and dash for cover , we sec . the real world , it isa grin , grey , metallic landscape nf tube , conduit , and rusty steel support . this world look much like 2 gas work . the few people on the street all wear identical metallic nese guard . they all push metal supermarket sbnpping cart with little or nothing in they . a few neon sign splutter and try to stay glow . steam escape from break pipe and the ndd electrical cnnnectinn short and spark unattend by any caring technician . litter blow around , have decide that ' ehey bave not be fnlow , the gang slowly emerge from they bide place and stand silently take in this technological wilderness . 's randall ' oh this 1s marvellous . I be glad we ha come here . = sevin tt can not be gil like this . kevin stnp a passer - by who bas a model dump truck no a lead . he seem to de take the truck . which be load with 2 brown substahce .. out for a ' walk . ' Excuse I .. where be this please ? passer-3y ( stare at he uncomfortably ) '' what be yon do ? xevin what ? " . passer-8y ( indicate nose incredulously ) . ' Way be not you wear you shield ? the truck be snuffling around og 's foot ~ emit little beep . 45 bevise 28.4.80 83 continue . 48 kevin we have not get one ... passer -by be you mad .? randall look , we just want to know where .. passer - by look at randall and take in some amazement as . he see that he , too , have no nose~guard . | | passer ~by 5 ( 2luster ) what ?- just.tell we what city this be , 's please ... ee look up and down the street furtively . : passer - by London ... this week , Tokyo next week .. ( he start to go . polling truck away with . kevin and what year be it ? 2 passer -8t what year ? what year 7 oes er , just a minute ... Ze reveal a enormous wrist watch calculator and press hatton ... the dumper truck . be back snuffling around og 's foot ... after ' much ado ... the year ia 1806 . randall no it be not . ' passer - by chang it a bit ) no , that bit never work very well .... I can tell you how many day you grandmother 's heen alive if you tell I bow tall she be ? evaaeu 6.5.04 oe 48 continue 45 as be han be talk the dump truck have deposit its load of brown mush right on og 's foot . . , kevin ef . . ( try to attract , passer - by 'a attention ) se rave they get rockst ... cut to the 25 ' planet ? passer - by i buh ? randall ( push kevin back ) never mind that . can you tell we where the bank be ? ] a siren start up .. >> co _ '' shout off 4 o4t 1 ss passer ~ by : oh , oh . - 1 he vanish . , 3 . ; . . og : . fi . ( notice muck on shee ) '' a oh ... beh ! the man be go ... two uniformed men . with nese guard rush ‘up . they wear clear plastic bohhy helmet inside of which . bine revolve light flash . from the speaker on they , ghest equipment the siren sound . before the dwarve can ¢@o anything , the uniformed men shout " get ' be " . . they grab be og who hw be try to shake the mck off he foot , and | ram he up against the wall , then bang he on the nose quite sharply . og hold he nose , and yell . randall : ' come on ! - back to the hole ! a he tuna .off. we , ee ° : uniformed men agd the other ! one man run and grab randall , and bita he on 's the nose . other uniformed man grab vermin and line he up . og kneeis behind he and vermin push . man falis .. but graba vermin with he foot ... they line he up . suddenly passer by come flee past . the helpful passer by shout : " Fire ! " '' Tse police be poise in mid-strike , when a glow hall ; of brilijance come round the corner towards they . they take one look and drop the dwarve , who they be bold ' halt way up the wali , the glow materialise . a nee the — en they 45 revise 6.5.80 ' s4a continue : 45 the police be poise in mid-strike , when a glow hall of brilliance come round the corner towards they . they take one look and drop the dwarve , who they be hold haltway up the wall . the glow materialise . the wind hegin to roar . fidgit he 's follow we ! randall come ont let 's get out of here ! kevin ( in anguish a he run ) I be sorry ... I think it would he better than this ... J pidgit I want . to surrender ... . the othere drag he along .: randall ( read map ) '' mere ! 's a hole over there ... under the clock .. 45 revise 6.5.80 ' $ 8/86/57 continue the wind howl . Signs crash down . debris fly . kevin be already sprinting fur the hole beneath the clnck . it be a hngh digital clock with flip - over numbere , it detach itself ? from the wall and crash to the ground . the numeral panel flap madly around cause the clock to leap and clatter in the path of the gang . kevin avoid the tangle and rush ahead . the swirl glow behind they coalesc dato the shape of the supreme be . his vnic ring out : supreme be stop ! I demand you stop ! in the distance w. @ kevin freeze . re lnok back in horror . xevin there be hnle ! which nne ? ' randall ? ich one ? pidgit ( seream ) juat go ! - a supreme be deo not defy mee return the map ! ebvin take one last despair lonk and jump . as he do sco we hear randall scream out . randall not that one , Kevin ! deleted 48 ' deleted 47 deleted 48 ext , saaicyrcner landscape day . 49 a pitch hattle be in progress on a high barren plain . the = um burn down on distant mountain . a hnge warrior - he head and shoulder cover by the rotting head and neck nf @ bull firmly hold in place by heavy . leather , ' ' 's 's ) ' i : 49 . 58 cootinue 49 strap - smashee away with a great olub at a helmete warrior who defend himself with shield and spear . the bull -head be the stronger . Dust swirl as they rage back aad forth until at last the helmete warrior be strike down . as he lie oo the ground , the bull - head raise he olub for the death hlow . but as the club be about to descend kevin suddeoly appear oo the fall warrior 's chest . ' the bull - head hesitates , stunne by this suddeo interruption . the helmete warrior grah this chance to recover he spear and thrust upwards . the bullhead warrior crashea to the ground dead . kevin , who hag heen throw to the eide , strugglee to regain hig seose . the helmete warriob be kneel over the dead hull -head . slowly he turn hie attentioo to kevin . ee. look tarrifyiog . be start to approach the boy . kevin try scrambliog away - afraid for he lite . the greek warriob reach out and grah hold of eevin 's clothes : kevin cringe . not greek warrior where do you come from ? ) - : ( terrify ) +». br ... I be ... oot quite sure ... warrios who sect yon ? the god ...? xevin do not know what to say ... greek warrior Zeus ? Athena ? Apollo ...? esvin , rather out of he depth in this Greek mythology shit , just stand there speechless . greek warriob ( remove . he helmet - . revealing himsel ? tobe cone other than ' Sean . connery - who it turn out - we oan afford ) ( well you be certainly a chatty little tellow ... he hend down and retrieve he robe ... ervin nlockiog at he in amazement , he say , almoet to himsel ? ) it do o't helieve it . contian bo > = 4 a : 39 49 '' continue : 49 : '' greek warrior ( turn and straighten ) . De not believe what ? kevin er ... I do not believe the way yon ... the way you kill bim ... greex warrior ' ( nis face cloud ) yes :... but it have to be do ... sometimes ... .) ( be begin to cat off . the bull 's bead from the .. , fall warricr ) . ae xevin no ... nol . TI mean it be such a good shot ... you get he right in the rip ! ( witb relish ) I bet you have kill lot of people ... the warrior : smile alittle distantly :.. . 7 greek warrior hey ! the god must have give you a& name ... kevin who ... I ? the warrior look round , with a smile . in every direction there be just desert and emptiness , . '' kevin oh ... yer ... yes ... Kevin ... . greex warrior , ( witb a hint of bemusement ) Kevin ?! d' you want a helmet Kevin ? he hold ant he magnificent belmet . esvin ob ... oh yes ... yes , please ... kevin hold out he arm to receive the massive helmet , but the warrior approach and drop it over eevin 's head ... . greek warrior ( laugh ) it 's yours ... contin 49 revise 6.5.30 60 continue . kevin ( a muffle , tinny : voice from inside ) what 2 ? mine ? greek warrior yon do not want it ? . kevin ( from inside ) «ee yes please ... you rea y mean I can have it .. greek warrior oe ' can ¢ondition that you carry it hack ‘to the city for I ... kevin finally pull it off . kevin no ... I can not , really ... ter ... I must wait ... . ( he look skyward , . . briefly ) ( lamely ) “m mwith some friend .. ' the greex warrior make a elaborate play of scan the desert waste . he smile , puzzle . kevin . they will be meeting I here soon .. . you see if I lese they I may never he able to get hack ... 's greek warrior get hack ... where ? xsviin er ... I be not sure ... Te greex warrior shake he head . ' 49 49 hevise 24.4.80 60a contin : 49 greek warrior shake he head , smile , and turn . greek warrior well ... take this at least , kevin look quizzical as the warrior sling a skin hag oft he shoulder . greek warrior Water ... you will need it . he. take the helmet back , swing he white horse round and pull himself up . he stop . greek warrior whoever you be ... thanks ... he give he a last look , turn , and spur the horse . kevin ( suddenly decide ) no ... no ... I would like to come please . please ! the greex warrior rein in he horse at the last minute , grin , lean down and pull kevin up onto he fine white stallion . ee turn and gallop away . 50 52 : 62 ext. lookout tower Day . 50 .4 greex lookout standn on a ancient tower . Mountains stretch away in the distanoe , a great brase horn hang trom 2 massive tripod . the lookout be husily polish the horn . on notio a distant cloud of dust , he interrupte hie labour and peer into the distance . he seem to recognize the rider on the white horse . put he lip to the horn he let sound 2 hoom blast . ext . countryside Day s1 the resonate vibration from the horn reach the greek warrior and the boy ... kevin 'es eye light up . there in the distance stand the city ... a great mud-brick , tower affair : .. mighty impreseive !! ex ?. CITY street nay oo 82 the hustleof everyday . mycenean city lite ie interrupt hy the appearance of the warrior and kevin on horeehack at the far end ‘of the street . the ' populace hegin to clamour and cheer as they ride up the street . kevin : ( shouting ) you be a-hero ! warrior to ( smile ) : the warrior we kill be a great enemy of the city ... many think they would not eee I hack here ... the ' welcome build as they wend through . the etreet . esvin ( shouting over the . noise of the crowd ) where be we go ? 2 's as ' greek warrior to the palece . we must report to the King ... . xsvin King ...! we be go to see 2 King ! continue '' ' : $ 3 s4 sé . ‘( hey reach the balcony et the top of the etep . clytemnestra revise 6.5.80 62 continue 52 greek warrior he owe I eome thanks ! ext . palace Day $ 3 they reach the gate of the palace . crowd form up co either eide . they dismount . on a halcony above the gate be a throne , and stand next to it be a queen ( clytemnestra ) and three lead greek citizen . the warrior be welcome hy two official at the gate . he bow . they bow . then they . lead off - up a flight of etepz inside the gate . again the warrior heckon to kevin to fnllow he . kevin doee a real '' who ... I ? " and try to hack away ... the greex warrior grab hin byt the arn . . int . palace ' step " par 54 he lead he up the stepe . .*. kbvin + ( to Greek warrior ) _ maen one be the King ? . greek warrior . ‘ae have not arrive yet . evsryone haa to wait for hin . ext . palace balcony day 55 and she three buddy from the justice Department smile warmly . the crowd fall silent . kevin look round expectantly . the warrior turn to the crowd and raise the bull 's head . notice kevin have shrink hack he whisper lnt@ly to he and motion with he head for kevin to stand next to he . . greek warrior you save my life , remember . thea with a mighty fling , he throw the bull 's head into the — crowd . warrior ( continue ) the enemy be dead ... lnng live the freedom of the city . great horn boom nut . crowd hail the King ! hail the King ! kevin ( tug warrior 's eleeve ) the King ! he 's come ! revise 28.4.80 664 62 continusd 62 a great , spitted roast ox be bring in . oob and 4h's . a shaven-heade brute of a man ( amo beefcake hy name ) raise a golden sword , and split the ox in two . to the delight of the audience , fruit tumble ont - mangoee , pert little peach , orange , etc . as they sit , kevin be still lose in sheer delight and pleasure . kevin you really mean I shall stay here for ever ... agamemnon nod with a smile . agamemnon ( suddenly serious ) in return , you must promise to be - member all [ teach you . chooss you friend with care , and never - his speech be interrupt hy a drum roll and flourish of tambourine . the king turn and smilee ... agamemnon now ... enjoy yourselt ... ( he clap he hand ) all head turn as the entertainer apoear . they be three : masked figure with false horse head jutting from they middle ... like mount rider . they cavort about the hall to the sound of drum and pipe . people laugh . some clap ... general enjoyment . kevin be in 17th heaven . suddenly they come apart . each figure hecome two SMALL figure - one mask , ths other horse-headed . [ n all there be six tiny figure . kevin have a sudden attack of horror , which be quickly confirm when the figure start dance around he . one hy one they lift they mask so that only he can get a2 glimpee of they face . they be none other than the dyarve .- they all wink knowingly at he . kevin do not know what to do . madly the dwarve cavort around he - whisper they pride in hie wonderful scheme . randall good work , Kevin ... very good work . fidgit sorry ws take so long to find you ... continue ny 62 68b continue , . 62 they try to pull he .up from he throne . he cling to it , but the crowd , loving the dwarve ' antic , encourage the boy to join in . the boy look to agamemnon , but he too be encourage the boy to enjoy himself and to relax . the boy be lift from the throne and bundle into the , middle of the great hall and on to a platform . strutter we make a good team , eh ... you set it up ... we come in just at the right moment . tne dwarve seem to be prepare a wondrous magic trick for they have gather together all the rich they can manage - even to the extent of ask the audience for jewellery <- which be freely give by the happy expectant audience . one of the dwarve be anxiously eyeing he watch . the boy desperately triee to eecape ~ he know what be about to bappen . the audience be howling with laughter . the king de enjoy the spectacle immeneely . but the dwarve bold continue my } ad ob Sf 62 3 g4 revise 24.4,80 ey cootinue '' 62 the boy firmly . they think he be tryicg to go back for more booty . unfortuoately time be up . reachiog dowo , the dwarve lift up 2 riog of cloth that ecclose then aod the rich . the crowd hold its breath . the sloth collapse . the soy , tbe dwarve , acd the goody be goce . the crowd applaud madly . ext , titant dar 3 a ocean liner , circa 1912 . steam along io stately fashiooe ... ext. titanic decs dar 64 two couple in period costume , cigarette boldere , ete . wander by . another young couple = be io white flancel , cravat - she io teonis gear '' come toward camera aod , leaniog oo the rail , they stare out to sea . the music pare in the ' background , they have just meet aod they be ove . he turn to she adoringly ... . vincent at ldst ... we be aloce . - . pansy teo't it glorious , . vincent oh pansy ... pansy , look at I ... pansy look up sbyly ... vincent deo you - leve I ? bansy of couree I do , darliog , apart from that silly little crumb on you nose ... she make to brush it off . he stop ber . vincent no pansy ! it 's not a crumb . pansy oh , vinceot , I be sorry ... I be terribly terribly sorry . vincent ( be turn away dramatically ) it 's ... it 's ... all right , pansy . there be a pause . ee a ee ak kth ~ revise 28 .4.80 70 64 continue 64 pansy be it ... be it ... a pimple ? vincent ( oravely ) no ... no ... it 's not a pimple ... pansy you mean it 'e a sort of wart . vincent no . '' pansy ob God it 's not ... vincent gravely hut bravely nod yes . pansy ob , God ... vincent yes . pansy ' ob God ... vincent do not worry ... do not blame yourself ... they stare out to sea ... there be a pause ... pansy surely nowadays ... they can < vincent do not let 's talk about it , pansy ... pansy Vincent ( she put she arm onto he +e» Vincent . it make no difference to I you know ... it make no difference the way I feel about you at this momont ... vincent turn to she , he heart beat passionately , but as he turn the light do rather catch it . pansy have difficulty not look at it . vincent darling pansy ... that 's the nicest . thing anyone 's ever say to I ... 65 '' ! revise 28.4.80 72 continue 65 couple in evening dress , cigarette holder , etc. , wander by . in the backgeound waltzing couple be see in sil ~ houette through the hallroom window as a orchestra play somewhere out of shot . we track with couple and pick up kevin in . ths foreground stare disconsolately out to sea . he be dress in smart new period olothes . behind he , in a row of deckchaire , recline the gang dress to the nine tuxedo and bow tie . thsy be glitter with gold ring , flash wristwatch and pomade hair . each of they smoke a fat cigar . Champagne bottle be be emptied . we tighten in on they . vermin be speak to a waiter . vermin 6 plate of caviar please ... oh . oe ( be turn to the other ) anyone else want any ? wally . no I will stick to the quail 's eyeball , thank you . caviar make I throw up . randall throw wally a sharply disapprove glance . wally ( quickly , apologetically ) sorry ... sorry , randall . og burp loudly , they all turn on he . randall ( call out to kevin ) cheer up . Kevin ! king be not the only one with money . . kevin ths money be not important . randall and you know why , Kevin , he be stick in ancient Greece and be do not have anything to spend it on . you make I sick ! much mock horror amongst the recline dwarve , then laughter . randall , after a exchange of look with the other , get up and approach kevin , very niftily pick a champagne cocktail off the tray of a waiter bend low to the next table as he do so . he lean on the rail heside kevin in avuncular fasbion , randall ( munch on he cigar ) I have get something to tell you Kevin .. revise 28.4.60 7 continue . . : 64 . vincent do not say any mor ... pansy ... let 's treasure thie moment ... there be the sound above they as of a v=2 rocket descend ... he take she by the hand , she unahle to resist another look at the thing on he nose , and lead she to a seat a little back from the rail . vincent pansy ... there 'e something I must ' say ... pansy say it ! say it ! vainoent . vincent pansy will you '' suddenly , with a cry and a shriek eix dwarf bandit , kevin , and all the Creek gold treasure , rip through the awning over they head and fall on top of they . she scream . he shout . there ie pandemonium . shout of muy hairpiece ! save my hairpiece ... " wally where the hell be we ? vincent pansy ... have you eeen my hairpiece ...7 pansy aargh ! someone 's bitten I ... she rushee off cry . vermin look up grin , toupee stick out of mouth . vincent it be not I , darling ... I have loet my ' tooth ... he rushee off after she . , panthy ... panthy I love you ... thia pathetic epecimen rush off tre distrait . ext . titanic deck night 65 qo oe part of the deck where the dwarve hit vincent and ee not , a i a I _ i i ' revise , 28.4.380 63 55 continue . 55 . kevin look round hut can see nobody . he look back to the warrior to see one of clytemnestra 's Big City banker pal lay a crown on the warrior 's head . suddetly the drachma dsop and young kevin realise what ws have all dig at least & ssel earlier ~ that he soul buddy in the warrior suit be the man . : leading citizen hail King agamemnon ! kevin'e jew drop way down to he fibia . crowd a ( answer ) bail King agamemnon ! agamemnon look down at kevin and wink with 2 broad grin . kevin lock up to he . reassured . this be . kevin 's great moment so 'far .:. ( but read on , great moment spottsr ) ... . . crowd hail ... agamemnon . int , palace day ' . 86 CUT to a frieze depict a naval hattle in Greek time . it depict quite juicy scene of carnage . pull out to reveal they sre on the wall of a room in ' agamemnon 's palac . esvin be peer at it with intereet . kevin ' there 's a man get cut in half here . it must bave be a hriliiant battle ... agamemnon sit at a table : he be read a scroll and dis - cussing with a adviser , he seem pre-cccupy and deeply bugge hy the vagary of destiny . execution today . , if she wish to eee I , I shall he at the court in the afternoon . adviser how and leave . at the door agamemnon call he : on agamemn I still rule this city , thersites . tell the Queen that . continue - — ee ee ee se su. agamemnon all four be to receive summary '' 7 56 ; 64 continue : sé , adviser Sir ... be bow and leave . agamemnon start to unroll a scroll with oaval design thereco . . eevin I wish I would be in ths trojan Wars ... see priam and hector ... and all this javelin flyiog and swordfight ... agamemnon lock = p trom he work . he smile . : esvin wat ! you ' show : I how to sword - ahaht . , - plaase ... agamemnon ' come here , '' I will show you something much more useful ... kevin cross to the table . agamemnon pull over a couple of 's goblet and motico to kevin to fetch another . 2s " agamemnon bring coe ‘ot this ... kevin put the goblet on the table . agamemnon turn . two upside down , then put # round red paperweight under the third and turn it upside down . he juggle they around . . agamemnon now ... where be it ? kevin ( after some consideration ) that one ... king turn it up , nothing there . < xevin shake head and point to the next . king turn it up , oothiog thsre , with a sigh of resignation eevin turn up the other ... it 's not there . agamemnon , grina and produce it from kevin 's ear . kevin king be o't suppoe to do thing like that ! agamemnon laugh and gete up . on 57 ext. CITY wall dar 57 agamemnon and kevin accompany hy guard walk through a garden along the hase of the tower wall of the city . fruit picker and gardener be at work . kevin but I think King agamemnon be - always fight ... he be a warrior . Al * 3 ( face cloud ) meomm_ ... but when yo n're not fight that 's the good time ... that 's when yon have time to learn thing ... like how to use qne. of this ... agamemnon pulis : be koife ' trom its sheath , it 's very simple but beantiful . he nance it to kevin . kevin and far be able to kill trojans ... ° ( he start to mock stah at a fruit picker ) not '' ( heLlowing ) ( be grab the knife from Kevin 's hand , ontte * tare himself in the process ) do not ever do that ... never in fun . ( notice blood on he band he calm down ) there be better use like ... er ... slice apple ... _xsv in ( a little scorntully ) ' slice apple ! agamemnon ' pick up bp a couple of applee froma pallst ... throw they to ote of the guard to throw they . the guard toss a epple up ; flash agamemnon 's blade whip through the air and '' aad indicate with he head to the '' " ' quick as 2 ale the apple and embed it in the trunk of 2 tree . there be a @. then it fall neatly in two halvee .onto the ground . paus kevin 's jaw drop . goee across , pick up the apple agamemnon halve , take 2 bite of one , and toss the other = to ksvin . he grin broadiy as ksvin examine the apple in cautious wonderment . agamemnon do , you like apple ? continue be . '' . ravise 28.4.80 ' 66 ct ' , 87 continue 57 | on mumm ... yes ... agamemnon pull bis knife from the tree , and bold it out to | th. boy . agamemnon then it 's yours . '' s74 deleted 37 58 ext . palace balcony evening : in the die ray of the evening sun tbe people of mycenae roo . + go about they business - donkey laden witb basket pusb yt , past play child . the camera pull back to reveal '' 3 kevin lean over the edge of the balcony , take a Polaroid 's picture . he tben turn and take a snap of agamemnon '' + who be discuss eomethe witb one of bis official . kevin turn back to the view over tbe city and watch tbe b picture develope . . i . ksvin you know ... I never ever want to go '' back . . agamemnon . do not you want to see all you friend ! . again ? of ( grimace ) : : no ... 00 ... thanks ... agamemnon dea't yon want to be in you own home sae ' . xsvin ( less convinced , but x after a moment 's pause ) . soe no ... continue 58 revieed 8.5.86 67 continue . 58 7 agamemnon os. to he with you own father ... you own mother . kevin look down et hie half - finish Greek write , look , np and ont of the window , over the city , to the flourieniog ' lain and in the distance the glitter hiue sea , he look to agamemnon : xsvin sor no soe . * , ' > agamemnon ' then 1 . ; '' rbvin # I can stay ! no more question , to hed , and sleep well . 1 may have a surprise for you tomorrow ... kevin eatand eagerly . kevin ' revin what sortof surprise ? : agamemnon wait till tomorrow ... - they shake hand solemaly . kevin suddealy trowne . kevin it will not ... it will not suddenly go 4 away ... all this , will it ...? agamemnon ieaid ... 20 more question ... ( out he smile ) kevin smile and run off . at the door he wave , thes reach pehind he ear and produce ~ the red peperweight with a gris of triumph , agamemnon thet 's good ! xsvin heave a great hig proud , happy smile and throw hal to agamemnon . , ait ee a a 59 revise 24.4.80 67a int. kevin' room norning . 59 kevin 's room in the castle at mycenae , next morning . kevin wake . the sun be stream through . a marvellous day , a superb , clear blue-sky , gentlenbreeze , soft , sweet - smell Mediterranean morning , the like nf which only exist in the mind nf balf - craze englishmen write in kentish town , nws , in January . continue a 60 : 61 62° revise 28.4.60 68 continue oa 59 slowly kevin 's eye focus on the room . his expreseina , enddenly change . thers tower over he be two prieet ia terrifying - lonk mask . one of they hnida in hie hand a blindfold that hs thrust down tawarde the camera . blacknese . int . passageway day 60 the priest lead kevin , blindfolded , along a paseageway . much activity be go around they ... preparation far same important event . kevin what be yon do ... where be ynu take I ? : . ' head priest this be King agamemnaon 's instructinn . int , palace courtyard Day : 6t kevin be lead ont intn a prilifant : sunlit cnurtyard . attendant fuss around hin . he be lift up . the blindfold ie remove . he find himself mount upon a magnificent horse with bsautiful gold wing rise from its breastplate . a rich robe have be put around kevin and on bis head be a gold headdress . the hnurse canter around ths courtyard . the attendant bow . one of the . court official motinn to kevin to goide ths harse thraugb the . doorway into ths Palace Hall . kevin do sn . jint . palace hall Day 62 kevin enter the hall on he magnificent winge horse . there be the entire court assemble . agamemnon motion kevin over to ths royal throns . next to it be a smaller throne . kevin be seat on it . then hs be shower with wondrous golden gifte . agamemnon rise and hnld np he hand for silence . ' ; agamemnon I have decreed that this bny shall yemain hers with we ia we city , purthermore , hsar yon all now and let it be know abroad that he ehall be from this day forward my cwn snn . heir to the throne of mycenae ! ksvin can hardly believe it . ° agamemnon turn to ane of bis adviser who give he a gold ~ leat crown which agamemnon lay on kevin 's head . around he waist be strapped a beautiful gold knife . he graspe he by the arm , and present kevin to the people . agamemnon now let the banquet begin ... cheer , applause , food be bring in , fnlow by wine . a wee ee ee 8 - on revise 28.4.80 toa 64 continue . : . 64 pansy ( she smile be - assuringly ) I be sure that at night one could hardly see - be tenderly put bis finger on she lip , and smile deeply into she eye ... despite all she upbringing , she education , she preparation for polite society she cannot help register a instinctive sniff and a grimace as the top of he finger come into contact with the base of she nose . 65 revise 28.4.80 73 continue 65 kevin go away ! randall it 's ahout ths map ! ( hitterly ) the map ! I do not undsrstand you , randall .. you have something like that map ~ something really hrilliant , that give you all this power , and you 'rs just waste it . randall ( a little indignantly ) I do not call this waste it ... ( he nod around at the liner , the champagne and all the . trapping ) ' +. I mean this be not all have eh ... this be not all have at all .. kevin why could not you leave I ... where I be happy ... randall ; ( look around with exaggerated caution , then speak close and confidentially to kevin , he eye suddenly alight with enthusiasm ) because you be go to hs a lot happier when you hear what we have get plan ... ( he lean even further in ) I be have a close look at the map last night , and you know what I find ... ( impressiv pauss ) og be right ... ( another impressive pause ) .. the most fabulous object in the World .. it do exist . he look at kevin impressivsly , wait for 2 reaction that do not come . kevin just shake he head wearily . randall put he glass on the rail , and eye a elderly vicar who happen to he take the air right hsaside he , with such malevolance that he move rather quickly away , randall then produce the map . 65 revise 6.5.80 74 continue `s somecne randall ( urgently , excitedly ) we have bsen look in all the obvious place ... hut ... look .... down here ... the time of legends ... it 'e sort of outside time as we know it ... giant , wizard , all that ... here in the middle of the time of legends - the fortress of ultimate darkness - and inside the fortress of ultimate darkness - the most fabulous object in the World . walk by . randall hastily put the map away . kevin the time of legends ! it do not exist . randall it doee exist ... if you helieve in it Kevin . if you really believe in it . otherwise horseflesh would not havs put it on the map . kevin T 1 ... ch. ( he turn away dismissively ) randall ( after a quick glance at the other dwarve who be now sing drunkenly and occasionally I at a hit of high - olass pass you know , you and I have a lot in common , Kevin .. we like a risk .. we like a adventur .. well this be it , Kevin . this be the ultimate adventur . none of you namby - pamby time hole to mess around with -here .. this be the Big one ! we stake all . , we win everything . kevin I have just lose everything .. because of you lot ... randall all right !... I know how you feel .. but there 's no hurry yet ... just think about it though ... and remember Kevin .. whatever you think of I , I do get you all this , > a `s revise 5.6.80 - 7 continue randall ( heckon ) waiter ! CUT to tno waiter . one lock over to randall . randall ( expansively ) more champagne . waiter of course sir 's ... he walk hriskly off , revealing a large sign " s.s. titanic " hehind he and he colleague . and lot of ice ! '' : 68 86 revieed 28.4.80 768 continue `s at that moment there be a rending crunch ... scream off , @ moment 's pause , and then the deck tilt at a 45 ° angle and the bandit still hold cigar and champagne glass slide gracefully out of sight . vincent & pansy slide by . pansy say it Vincent ! say it ... EST . titanic sinking night 66 CUT to shot of the liner , tilt up and sink . shoute , screame , calle of " ahandon ship ! " horn and hootere go . rxt. sea night 87 CUT to the six bandit & kevin all hang forlornly onto the big woodsn sign " s.s. titanic " - thie be ahont eight foot long , and ¢an accommodate they all . piecee of iceberg float hy . fidgit be hyeterical . fidgit I want to go home ... I can not stand it . you will get we all kill randall ! randall shnt up fidgit ! I do not know we be go to run slap -bang into a iceberg ! it do not eay on the ticket " get off before the iceberg ! " strutter I suppoee it 'e silly ask where the ... the reet of the loot be ... randall ( slightly hysterically ) it 's safe ... strutter ... aksolutely safe in a specially lock strong - box ... bere be the key ... 017 ... as soon as they raise the Titanic I will be the first one on board . stop eat this plank , vermin ... vermin be nibble the end of the spar on which they lite depend . fidgit ( forlornly ) help ! help ! revise 28.4.80 77 67 continue 67 with help ! alle '' this patbetic cry hang on the aight air . the evil wind blowe over the float spar . og 's eyee glaze . og ( in hie strange voice ) now be the time to begin we quest for the most fabulous ohject , randall . randall og 's right ! we have etill get the map . let 's go . wally what ? ... randall , we be in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean ! randall it do not matter whsre we be , we have just get to helieve in it . fidgit you be crazy . rardall you have just get to trust I . fidgit that 's the problem ! randall trust horseflesh ! he make the map .. he would not have put the land of legends on if it do not exist ! strutter & wally yon could he right ! fidgit you be crazy ! randall ( ecream over the storm ) we must try ! kevin not randall abandon plank ! he doee so , then strutter and wally , and 0g , beam because he do not know what 's go on . fidgit look terrify . fidgit I can not swim ! revise 28.4.80 78 67 contin . 67 he slip off the plank . only kevin remain cling on . he look on in horror as fidgit gurgle and thrashes in the water . kevin have to belp he . kevin I be come , fidgit ! I will save you . so kevin let go of the plank .. it drift away . all the dwarve be start to panic and scream and thrash about . kevin randall ! you be gat ! but at that moment a whirlpool form and travel towards they faster and faster . they can not stay afloat , they be be suck down ... mock laughter mix with they scream , : 's '' 68 int . evil genius 's grotto day , 63 the evil genius be gloat over they desperate plight . evil ( langhing he deep and be ! sinister laugh ) . suddenly I feel very , very good . ' . benson ( understandingly ) I be sorry , master . evil now we have they ... rohert ! benson ( with malevolent excitement ) can I hring they in , master ? evil yes , benson , bring they in to the time of legends . benson attend to he equipment . 69 deleted 69 70 deleted 70 1 deleted 71 ~ 72 73 74 73 76 revise 26.4.80 . 79 deleted 72 deleted 73 deleted 74 deleted 78 ext . misty sea day 76 CUT to holl watery surface . the watsr be buochiog itself up . with a great whoosh it spite out one of the gang - high into the air . he arc through the mist aod theo splashes hack ioto the sea . whoosh = two more dwarve catapult out of the sea and fly through the air . another aod theo another make they appearacce . whoosh . splash . whoosh . splash . splutteriog and thrashiog ahout in the water they hecome aware of a chaoge io they appearaoce . they hlack eveo dress bas somehow change colour - they be oow dress all io white . they look arouod a hit dis - may . fidgit be struggliog , theo suddeoly ease . they all look round a hit fearfully . 7 7 fidgit hey ! I can swim .. og ( poioteog into the distance ) look ... there io the mist -shroud dietance be a strange evil-lookio ; hoat languidly listiog its way across the sea . . fidgit ( frighteoced but hopeful ) a friendly hoat ? a a at et - — ' ' 's ' 76 77 revise 28.4.80 80 continue randall . ( with half -heart optimism ) yeah ... prohahly . hello ! hello ! int . . ogre's cabin dat CUT to twitching of a horrid , hairy , claw hand lie on a dirty pillew in a darken cahin . it open and close with animal - like snore .. a deor open and a figure enter the cabin . a window ie open and a ehaft of light fall upon the hand . with a etart the hand awake . it stretchee and then proceed to scratch around in the hedclothes . a woman be prepare 2 potion by the window of the low - ceiling cahin . mrs . ogre Morning dear . a distant cry for help . ogre what be that ? mrs . ogre what ... dear ? ogre I think I hear a noise ... mrs . ogre no ... it 'e you nerve , dear . the owner of the hand , a2 horrifyingly ugly ogre , climb out of hed grumble and whining . ogre oo . ooh ... eurggh ... ( and various other subhuman mumbling and grunt ) his wife come across and give he a dranght . be drink it . and shake head .. she hand he a jar of cream . mrs . ogre and the ointment for the leg ... he take it and rub it on , occasionally wince with the effort . she go to the side and etart to prepare a@ steaming draught . 76 77 revise 24.4.80 81 77 ~«= continue 77 ogre oooh ... aaagh ... o00h ... ( he rsally be in bad shape ) I grow too fast when I be young , that be the problem .... mrs . ogre ( bring over ths steam potion ) and ... inhale ! she hold a inhalant in front of he . ( moan ) I can not inhale , it 's bad for my back . ! ) 4 ' revise 24.4.80 82 77 continue ers . ogre it 'e good for you throat , dear , come on ... with some wince he move across . snifft through one nostril , then another . ogre I would not have theee sore throate if I be not a ogre ... mrs . ogre you have be overdo it , that 's all . he put he leg up and she start to apply ointment to the knee very deftly . ogre you try heing hsastly and terrifying when you can only get one hour 's sleep @ night hecause you hack hurt and you dare not cough in case you pull 2 muscle . mrs . ogre ( tenderly , reassuringly ) you be horrible , dear ...° ogre you be just say that . mrs . ogre ( she hold outa glass ) gargle ! he knock hack the mouthwash ( gargle ) and gargle ( mouth - wash ) with a roaring , rumbling appall roar .. 77 78 80 80a revise 24.4.80 83 ext . misty sea day 78 CUT to misty sea . the dwarve and kevin be swim towards the hoat . they be suddenly transfix hy the unearthiy sound of the gargler ( mouthwasher ) . . strutter what 's that ? randall I do not know . fidgit come on ! they then try to swim the other way , frantically ... int . ogre's cabin . day 79 cur back to the boat , ogre pick up a large net and lumber out of the door . just as he be about to go out , he catch sight of himself in a mirror . he stop and put he face close to the glass . ogre ( despondently ) look at that spot ! mrs . ogre . you will grow out of they , dear .. she husy herself at the medicine chest . ext . ogre's boat day 80 CUT to he emerge onto the deck of the boat , which we now see be on the miety sea . ogre ( hitterly ) that 's diet that be . all this hloody fish ... ext. misty sea day 804a cur to dwarve swim like mad . 808 revise 24.4.80 834 ext . ogre's boat day . 80b the ogre start to get he net ready , grumble the while . ogre there use to be a time when you could be eure of catch old boot , can , hatrack , box , .. now it 's prawn all tbe bloody time .. anti-pollation ! ( be spit into the sea ) he buris the net out wince as he do so , it eplash in the distance . there be a cry ... the net stiffen and pull . he hang on ... more sbriek .. revise 24.4.80 84 80b continue 808 ogre ( shouting into the cabin ) wite ! 81 int . ogre's cabin Day sl mrs ogre ( grind up dry severe foot in a meat-grinder ) what d' you want dear ... the foot powder ? ogre ne ... come out here and help I ... quick ! she put down the mortar and pestle and hurry out . 82 ext . ogre's boat day 82 he 's try to pull the heavy net in despite lumbar problem . noise and etruggle from the net . mrs. ogre what 's in there ... ? ogre ( grin ) I do not know bat it 's not prawn +. come on ! mrs . ogre leave it to I ... dear , please .. 8he grab the net and with easy superhuman strength , heave the net ont , make it all look extremely easy .. inside the net be the dwarve and kevin , pack inside with lot of fish . mrs . ogre stand hack and admire they . mrs . ogre oh be not they lovely ! the crush up , hedraggle and shiver dwarve be somewhat enconrage by this kindly lady . they smile weakly up at she . 82 revise 24.4.80 continue mrs . ogre ' we can have they for breakfast ! ogre ( eye lighting up ) you mean + eat they hoot ! mrs . ogre no dear ... eat all of they !.. every bit ... that 's what ogre do , dear ... ogre ( he eye lighting up ) yea ... yes ! of course ... mrs . ogre we could have they grill .. ogre ( doubtful ) yes ... yes ... mrs. ogre or mince with a side salad ? ~ no you do not like salad , do you ... ogre nothing in they ... mrs . ogre I know < Zondue !. 5 we have not fondue for year .. we will need the big pot and skewer .. she make to hustle off . panic reaction from the dwarve throughout this . ogre ( after she , anxiously ) what shall ido .. dear ... ? mrs . ogre ( aside , to he ) terrify they ... ogre what ahout my hack ? mrs . ogre you do not have to jump around , just shout horribly .. and leer at they .. you know .. like you use to do . 85 82 82 revise 24.4.80 85a continue 82 mrs . ogre disappear .. mutter ch " this be wonderful " re cheerfuily .. " oh ogre right ... a little less than convinced , ogre go back to they and go into 2 very unconvincing ogre routine - lot of grimace , evil " ha ! ha ! ha ! 's " ' and close peering into they face . ogre now ... let I see what we have here ... ha ! hal some tasty little morsele eh ? oo ! he wince in pain as he kneel down and start to open the net and retrieve the terrify dwarve ... he grah fidgit 82 83 84 revise 24.4.80 continue and put he into a cooking pot . fidgit scream . wince ... ogre ' ( manfully ) eh eb eh ... fee ! fil fo ! fu = ow . 4 really have spasm hit he just as he grah kevin . ( terrify ) D ... d... do you hack ... er ... hurt ? ( try one final shot ) it know a cure for bad hack ... ogre bad back ? I ? a ogre ? ha , ha ... on ! kevin what you need be stretch . . ogre stretch ? kevin a man etretch my father once , and he never have any trouhle . ogre ha ! hal kevin we could do it for you . ogre certainly not ! ow ! deleted deleted page 87 deleted a — — _ ae not we - 86 /87 82 ogre 83 84 revise 28 .4.80 88 85 int . ogre's cabin day 85 . mrs . ogre be cheerfully prepare some vicious look knife and long skewer , make sure they be the right length for each dwarf . she ie sing she fondue song . she whietle happily .. suddenly she heare a sharp groan from outside .. she look up . 88 ext. ogre's boat day 86 the ogre be flat out , stretch on deck . kevin and randall / wally have one arm each , fidgit and strutter one leg , og and vermin the other ... kevin and heave ... they pull the ogre apart . ogre arghhe ! ( then he smile ) that 's hetter ! that 's hetter ! that 's wonderful ... 884 int . ogre's casin day 86 a '' mrs . ogre be they in the pot yet ? be ? 888 ext . ogre's boat day 86b ogre yes , just ahout ... - kevin and randall ; and one more for luck ... heavel ( he wink at randall ) . one two ... they etart to swing the ogre to the right , then they swing the ogre to the leave ... kevin and randall eee paght ... leave ... right ... ogre hey ... what 's go on ... ? kevin Left ... right ... leave ... right + + + and over ! ogre aagaarghh ... ! 88b revise 24.4.80 continue they swing the yell ogre overboard , he disappear the viscous oily sea . mrs . ogre ( shouting from inside ) what 's go on 7 ? kevin ( to gang ) Quick ! get in the pot ! 838a 885 inte 863 a7 revise 6.5.80 89 continue . 868 pidgit , . . {in high alarm ) get in the pot ! . * ogre ( surfacing ) be this part of the cure ?! int , ogre's cabin Day 87 urs ogre '' run she finger along the edge of the knife . . . tee '' mrs ogre be you alright deart ( not reply ) ' . ' Weston ? winstoo ! : '' ext . ogre's boat Day ' 88 she run out of the door and up on to deck . she look round , can not see anyone . she cross to the deck rail . and see he . * mrs ogre Winston ! what be you do in the water .. ow ! at that moment the large hlack cooking pot hehind she hegin tock hack and forth and then with a lurch it flip over support hy 7 pair of foot and waddle speedily across the deck and push she hackside tippiog she over into the water . then the pot be lift off revealing the dwarve aod kevin . they peer over the side . ext . misty sea Day 89 mrs ogre ( spluttering from the water ) I have never have 2 meal treat I like that hefore ! Winston ... we must stop they . ogre ont my back be wonderful ... I have never feel so free .. mrs ogre Winston ! get after they ! rs lo se of 90 90a et '' revise 6.5.80 : 90 continue 89 ogre tt can cough ! at last I can really cough . he give a mighty cough of such force that a huge noise shatter ths atmosphere , and the sail fill with wind and the hoat be borne away ... year , ogre thsre go we fondue ! 's ext . ogre's boat day 90 kevin ( as the hoat career out of shot ) Quick ! ths rudder ! be and randall make a grab for the rudder as the boat sail away . CUT to a shot of the hoat fairly move along . they look hack . dim sound of the ogre sneezing and cough recede into the distance . ext . ogre's boat day . 904 later . strutter and randall be at the rudder . og and kevin be lash sail to the boom . vermin have 2 huge box of fish and hand some out , raw , to kevin , wally and fidgit . wally ( turn down a raw fish and clamber up a ratline ) how're we do , randall ? randall be peer ahead through a telescop . the hoat be make good progress , hut it 's still rather unreal , randall just fine , we be on the right course ! so long as this wind keep up there 's not much can go wrong ... suddenly the boat lurch violently from side to side . fidgit , kevin , og and vermin and the fish be all throw on top of each other and they slide and slither in a heap against the port rail , randall strutter ! keep ths rudder straight ! it be straight ! | 90a 91 92 revise 14.4.80 91 cootioue . 904 at that momeot , the boat lurch wildly to starboard aod they ar fluog coto the other rail . strutter I do not ' do a thiog , hooestly ... randall Drop the sailit wally grahe a axe aod chop through the maio lice ~ the gail crashee down ocoto the deck . the hoat be swayiog around most unpradictakly ... randall all hand oo the tiller ! all seven of the gang clamber up to the bridge and grab hold of the tiller io a attsmpt to keep tha vessel stsady , but it still go off course . randall ( desperately ) hang oo ! haog oo ! keep she steady ! the boat eeem to raspood acd stop sway . that 's better ... that 's hetter ... but there be a strange sound of rushiog water , follow by a eerie silence . wally ( the ooe ceareet the how ) . oe . @ F . , . randall ... randall I think there 's somethiog you should koow ... ext . misty sea Day $ 1 we CUT to cotside and sse that the boat be actually risiog up , out of the sea and into the sky ... it 'e rest co the head of a coderwater giant ... EST . oghe' boat Day 92 the dwarve watch opeo-mouthed , as the deck sway ... they be swuog around ... c.u. randall 's amaze look ... quite suddeoly he 's galvaoise ioto actioo . he givee the command . revissd 6.5.80 92 _ continue 92 randall below deck ! pull out to reveal that they have already go . kevin be hold the door open ... kevin ( beckon impatiently ) come on ! ext . . misty sea dar 93 as the tiny figure of randall slide down the pole , the giant 's head glide swiftly through the eea . int . ogre's cabin Day randall rush in to the huddisd gang . ext . misty sea day 95 * she giant continuee on he way unaware of the activity in the cabin . somewhsre in the distance be hear a baby 's cry . ext . troll 's house Day 96 CUT to a tumbly down cottage at the edge of the sea . outside eit a unhappy troll . from insid come the fear - some cry of a baby . continually pop in and out of the dc + to rail at she hushand and to scream at the baby be @ nag troll wife . in the distance can be esen the giant 's head make its way across the sea towarde the troll 's cottage . as they squabhle in the foreground , the giant riese insxorably out ofthe sea , loom large and larger - he upper portion disappear into the cloud . with each massive footstep the cottage shuddere but the trolls , too immerse in they petty argue , fail to notice . the giant , in turn , completely unaware of the existence of the troll family , manage to step directly on thsir house - just as mrs troll rush inside to silence ths baby . with a mighty crunch and crash most of the houee be flatten and both mrs troll and the baby be silencsd for good . ths troll - without notice the cause of the sudden peace and quiet - breathes a sigh of rslist . troll ah , that 's better . 96a revise 6.5.80 s2a int . ogre's cabin day 96a the gang be desperate to find a way to stop the giant take they too far off course . they start tear up the floorboard of the cabin . 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 93 ext . gianth head Day 97 ae cloude swirl round he head , the giant continuee on bis way , but he become aware of a slight discomfort somewbere on top of he ekull . int . ogre's cabin Day 38 the gang have rip up a section of the floor expose a bit of the giant 's bald head . 0g have a eledge hammer and be hit the giant 's skull as hard as he can in a pathetic attempt to knock he out . _ kevin , realise the futility of thie , decide to do something stronger . he clambere up the stepe to the ogre 'ae medicine eheet and there , amongst all the remedy , find a great jar of sleep potion . make hie way to the kitohen , be grab a bellow with a particularly long enout on it and fill it with the potion . sack at the giant 's expose pate , he equirte a bit of the potion into the air - like a doctor with 2 hypodermic needle of serum , and with a mighty jab inject the potion into the top of the giant 'e head . ext . gianth head Day 99 ' the giant react to the injection as if he have just be bitten by 2 mosquito . he shift the boat on he head . int . ogre's cabin day : 100 the gang be throw violently to one eide as the boat shifte . recovering , kevin peer out of a window . ext. gianth head day 101 the potion ie take effect . the giant be have difficulty keep he eye open . ext , misty wood day 102 the giant elumpe . he push over a tree as he slowly settlee down on the ground . he remove the ship from he head and doze off . int . ogre's cabin day 103 the gang be topple into 2 corner of the cabin as the boat come to rest on ite si slowly they regain they sensee . peer outside , they 's the giant asleep . they scramble out of the cabin . revise 6.5.80 104 «~ ext . misty '' ood day giant snore . they rush away . 10s ext . misty place day 94 . the gang scramble off the boat . in the background the completely ohscure from sight in tbe swirl mist . 106 ext . rocky landscape day the mist clear , revealing the gang collapse and lose and exhaust in a mysterious and eerie place . rock form loom up around they . object in the World ... . randall ( take out the map ) we be not far away . / fidgit row . let 's go hack - before it 's too randall leok up , then back , and sbake he fold the map up ... picture wobble ... 1 107 '' int . evil genius ' grotto day benson . they be lose ... master ... evil genius yes ... out . yes .. hut they be so near to I ' , the gang run through the swirl mist until they be | i ! } strange kevin we be not get anywhere , randall , we be nowhere near the host fabulous late . head . he let. I - see .... let I see , benson ... the dwarve be wander about wearily try to find a way po. now ... that I can guide they to I . ' the picture be slowly close on 0g . | +.» I must try to help they along the ... way . : e 108 ext , rocky landscape day close on og look very wide - eye and scared 104 105 106 107 ' 2s 109 revise 24.4.80 95a continue : 109 wrapped in the weh be several cocoon - shape hundle , and in this hundle , hound tightly , they mouth gag : be several young , handsome blond knight . they eye : - be fill with silent terror . they like it here .. they always want to etay .. cof revise 24.4.80 $ 6 m4 109 continue 109 myrtle | ( smile at the mesmerise kevin ) so you be look for the most pabulous object in the World ... Ripple of surprise amongst the gang . randall how do you know ? myrtle that 's what they all come this way tor . . maisie poer lose boy . myrtle ' . . we take they in and care for they . they laugh rather evilly together ... the eye of the knight look even more implore ... myrtle crose she leg revealing 2 more paire of leg heneath she skirt . kevin ''s eye bulge 's at this sight ... and then she cross one of this pair of ~ leg . mvin 's _ maisie kevin 's eye meet the implore , streining terror of the _ eniget . randall be it far away ? the lady exchange a very brief , rather forehode glance . myrtle oh no ... not far away ... kevin 's hand grasp he Greek knife . they go on knitting . randall can you tell we where ? kevin lunge forward , knife up -raise , to try to free the kniget . 109 revise 24.4.80 . a7 cootinue . 109 but he the catch , hy the leg . he look dowo . thsy be enmesb io spider web . he elash at the web , and as he doee ec he arm and face be grab by anotber piece of webbing . he 's trap . myrtle ( to maisie ) now I do o't thick we can tell tbem if that 's bow they be go to behave .. kevin ( angrily , desperately ) you can not keep they in hers like that ! randall ( rush forward and reetrainiog kevin ) no! Kevin , come back ... kevin no ... I be cot go to .. ( he raisee the knife ) you can not leave people to die just because of you greed ! I tell you agamemnoo would be .. as be lunge forward , knife upraise , randall quite ceatly and eharply knock he seceelee witb a karate chop to the ceck . this impreseee maisie greatly and etir she somewhat to look oo randall witb cew eye . maisie you be ... very manly ... randall ( to myrtle ) I be sorry oes you be about to tell we how we find the most fabulous . object .. maisie ( nlook at the little band rather unhealthily ) De you want to etay and be we boyfriend ? myrtle maieie .. you do not mean that .. maisie I like all meo , myrtle . myrtle we only want nice onss dear .. now get out ! revise 28.4¢.80 q7a 199 continue . ios maisie ( with mount . excitement ) can we have a party ? myrtle go away , get out . a a 109 's 's 's '' 110 111 revise 28.4.80 38 continue 109 randall ( hack towards the deor ) er ... which way ? myrtle ( nastily , hurriedly ) follow the point finger . maisiez haa get up and croese to a rather old - fashioned cohwebhhy gramophone . she lift the arm and settles it on a record . randall the point finger ? maisie it 'e party time .... very cool , intimate , jazzy party music , hluesy saxophone fill the little lair . as they hear it , the eye of the lady ' victims almost pop out in terror . go ...! quickly . maisie ( approach the dwarve ) come along ... there 's plenty to do at the party . leave we alone ! dragging the seneelee kevin , they retreat out of the cave . ext . cave Day os 110 the gang rush out of the cave drag kevin . they scramble out of ehot . ext . hand forest evening 111 CUT to gnarled root . the gang stumble into shot and collapse . kevin ( slowly come round ) where be we ? randall I be not sure exactly . kevin do we save they ? randall no , we save you . nad revise 28.4.80 98a continue : . 111 kevin start to struggle angrily . randall ( pull out map ) we have get to find the point finger . fidgit ( who have heen look above they ) oh , oh ! wally ( look up ) I think we have , CUT to they p.0.v . great hand / tree rise all around they , they finger / hranches reach for the sky . fidgit let 's get out of here ... I do not like it ... randall ( get up ) no , we must he close now ... c’ mon . the gang make they way through this strange forest of gigantic hand / tree . horrihly gnarled and twisted root form the hase of this unpleasant growth . in the distance a wood cutter be chopping down a hand / tree . with each hlow of the axe the hand writhes in agony . they pass several fall hand claw at the ground . this be a trply awful place . the gang stop . some of they start to shiver . even vermin have lose some of he hounce . =~ - = : I ei revieed 24.4.80 99 not 111 contin . . 112 fidgit rie . let'e go back ... now ... , so randall 5 we can not .. we 'v get to go on . follow the point finger . kevin 7 it 's a trap ! strutter start as 2 huge hand / tree come crash down ° . near he . thsy ar all in a highly asrvous , almost sf hysterical etat after they recent experience . - strutter ea I be not go any further .. no - one know what the hell we be suppose to ' be do . : og ' yes ! yes ! see vest og have suddenly become very agitate . he be stare over they shoulder and point at something behind the group . they turn around . there , visible through the gap it . create by the fell tre , be a massive turrete citadel . randall . ( grab map - look at it excitedly ) the fortress of ultimate oarkness ! og & yes , but that 's not it . randall what ? . og ( look high into . : the sky ) : > - look ! - 3 the camera pull back from the citadel to reveal that this maseive structure be merely the gatehouse to a unbelievahly immenee huild that stretch in every direction , farther - than the eye can see . slowly the camera tilt up . Higher and higher the vaet construction risee until it disappear into the cloud - a solid wall across the eky ... well almost solid , for the massive facade be split by a gape hlack crack that widen groteequely as it reach for the unseen keighte . it ie the most forbid place imaginahle . the gang stand there awestruck . one by one even the most : sceptical face hrighten with a mixture and the thrill of 6 imminent wealth . only kevin 'e face reflect deep disquiet . as they stand ahreast the rise a cool wind lick at they clothing . < a ripple . 142 112 revise 24.2.80 continue randall ( awesomely impressed ) we be there ! int . evil genius ' grotto sunset there be a great dsal of activity . eorseflese brilliant ... evil one ... evil it be a close - run thing . the boy be dangerous . he do not respond to greed .. be everything ready ? . ROBERT ( fiddling with strange , unpleasant devicss ) yes master ? ... 100 111 112 112 113 iol continue . 112 - evil then let they approach ... poor , pathetic wretchee ... he laugh . ext . eill above the citadel sunset 113 og 's eye be shine . no - one want to make the firet move . kevin react , with a anxious look arcund he , to the strange wind . the wind drop . og lead off . with a last exchange ' of glancee , make it clear that greed have win the day , the 114 gang descend the hill towards the citadel . in the background a hand / tree crash to the ground . kevin head off after the gang , ext. citadel dar 1l4 High up on the face of the citadel be a window from which _ benson observe the approach of the gang . ae he look down 115 116 the camera tilt down the face of the gatehouse until it eouss to rest on the dwarve , far below , crossing the draw - tr e . ext . citadel entrance dat 118 the enormous portal engulf the gang as they hesitantly enter the citadel . int . citadel sunset 116 the gang creepe through the vast desert entrance hall . everything appear to be in a state of decay . there be no sign of life anywhere . this be a place of death . the floor ds thick with dust undisturbed for centuriee . ae they make they way they leave behind a trail of footprint in the powdery floor cover . ' cautiously , one of the dwarve shout hello . no answer . just . the echoing sound of he own voice . the gang begin to pluck up courage . the place be obviously desert . the light from the entrance lead they to 2 great pile of rubble in the centre of the hall . as vermin clamber up it he spote a skeletal arm stick out of the debris . ever hungry , he grabe it , but it seem to act as a switch - set off a great rumbling and shaking . Dust and masonry fall from the height . a column near the terrify gang crash down as a great jag shaft of light race acroe the floor of the hall and up the wall . look in the direction of the light , the gang see that it be pour forth from a gigantic crack that have open up in one of the wall . a siren song swell . the gang tush towards the light , scramble through the mammoth open . revise 28.4.80 — 102 117 «+ int . fabulous hall sunset 117 come out the other side of the crack the gang stop awe ~ strike . what they see be truly amazing ~ a dazzle apparition , the reflect aur of which at firet just hlind we acquisitive little band ; they look again strain and rubhing they eye in the unaccuetom light snd the image goalesc into a beautiful perspex transparent gleam dream kitchen . and there beside it with tooth , suit , hsir and eyee all gleam with a unearthly radiance , be the quiz show compere ~ manic grin freeze on he face . Music play . the compere 's manic grin euddenly animatee , eis arm go out to welcome they . compere and here they sre ! the winner of the most fabulous object in the World . the answer to all they problem ... and yours ... be here ! for they ... tonight CUT to wide shot of sn infinitely huge black space break by the occasional sbatt of light . a gleam pathway in the _. @hape_of_a_complex . maze . zigzsg scrose this space ~ the side of the pathway plummete into unseeshle depthe from which the occasional wisp of smoke rise . on the tar side of the maze the pathway end in a square island platform rise above the abyss . stair ascend from the platform and at the top of they stand the dream xitchen . the compere stsnd half - way up the stair . Music orescendo . the dwarve be delighted but mesmerize . dwarve hey ! oh ... look ! hey ! ue ? the audience applause propel they forward . kevin no ! but it be too late to reetrain the dazzle gang . with cry of delight they rush forward to claim the thing they be tell - everybody wante .. kevin be unable to reetrain they . as they rush deeperately around the maze , the compere be join from hehind by kevin' parent , madly grin and array in glitter outfit . kevin be stunne . he doee not know what to do . his parent urge he forward . he hold hack . the dwarve career msdly through the maze . it 'e like 's nightmare to kevin - the parent continue to beckon . the dwarve have now reach the foot of the stair and stop breathlesely . the compere and kevin' parent beam down at they . as the deliriously excited dwarve make they final atavistic hide for ultimate grse . compere yes , it 's all yours . o 7 is 117 revieed 28.4.80 103 continue the most fahnlous ohject suddenly disappear and in the place of the compere and kevin' parent stand the evil genius and ROBERT and benson . the gang shriek and turn to run but , with a deafen rumble and clang a eturdy iron cage descend around they trapping they inside . helplesely they grah at the hars . kevin turn and run for the door , only to run straight into the hlack fold of one of evil 'e hideous henchmen , a tower , animal skull , hlack rohe creature who hegin to move towards the distant platform . kevin strugglee with no effect . evil mount the step and turne , his mock , triumphant laugh echoe through the hall ... suddenly a tiny fignre race up from one side and leap agilely towards the cage . the evil genius 's laugh fade as he - watch horseflesh race for the cage . he reach the cage and hreathleesly and with a mighty key he unlocke the cage door ... and enter . the hapless dwarve be amaze , randall ( who can hardly helieve it ) horsefleeh ... ? horseflesh grin . then suddenly all the other dwarve crowd around horseflesh , all for the moment forget they eereee talk at once , touch he to make sure he 's real . _ strutter horseflesh ? wally ( jubilanatly ) yo n're alive ... you old villain ! vermin we have have some great meal . ' fidgit you be suppoe to he dead ! og just grin happily and look at horseflesh . randall do you find the most fabulous object ? . wally we ueed you map , it be right . borseflesh ( to randall ) yes ... it 's here all right . Sea ! 117 revise 28.2.80 1034 continue : 117 randall where ? where ? they be still drive hy a hysteria of greed , despite they incarceration - and for a moment we too have forget ahout evil , so happy be this reunion of the bandit . ehorseflese you have get it , randall ... you have get it in you hand . , randall , momentarily uncomprehend , look down at the map . randall what ? .. , the map ...? horseflese ( he smile turn a Little cold as he eneer ) - of course ... stupid ! bhorseflesh grabe the map , and before they know what 's happen , he 'e darte out of the cage and clange the door shut . he hold the map up , eye hlazing with savage triumph . horseflese eee be the most fabulous object in the World ... you have it all the time ! he give on last grin . the evil genius cackle with rich and echoing laughter . again randall rush for the bar . the door 's lock fast . randall . ( desperately ) horseflesh ... ! horseflesh ... ! but horseflesh be bound away , grin , up the step towards evil .. he throw himself down at evil 's foot , the map hold out towards hin . oo nace é 1 ? } } for . '' 4 ' 118 revise 28.4.80 104 continue ' 117 rorseflesh the map ! evil one ... ths very map I promiee you , be yours ... evil look at it , hold it , feel it , he eye hurning with a fearful delight . evil you have do well , horseflesh , very well ... . horseflese 's face crease into what could almost he take for a expreesion of ahash pride , he eye glow with euccess , evil e+e you have lie , deceive and cheat for the great glory of evil , you have serve I faithfully and fearlessly in my quest for the Supreme power and now before ns all you shall receive you just reward ... he turn to horseplesh , raie he hand , a crack flash of light encircle hoseflesh and he fall with a scream hackward into the darknee . but hefore he dieappear from @ight in the hlack depth of the abyss , he explode with a mighty roar , and then another , and another . bit fly high into the air hurst into more and more elaborate displaye of pyrotechnics . Roman candle ehriek . splutter hit of material hounce near the cage and then shoot off into . the air to hurst into amazing shower of flam . the dwarve be hoth horrify and amaze . finally with a final glorioue starburst that eend hite of phosphorescence raining down on the entire assemble crowd , horseflesh be no more . everyone pausee , stunne . evil ( oreak the silence ) so perieh all who dare to presume upon the power of the only true evil one ... int . cage day 118 CUT to rat crawl down heavy rope which support the great metal cage in which kevin and the reet of the gang sit dieconsolately around - they leg dangle through the hars that make up the hottom of the cage . the cage be now hang high ahove the ahye into which horseflesh be hurl . some distancs away be two eimilar cagee . however they occupant be crumhle skeleton in agonise pose . no - one speak for a while . they be just alone with they failure , and the occaeional rat crawl down 118 revise 6.5.80 . 105 continue 118 the hauser support the cage . suddenly there be a loud squeak , vermin hold eomethe . it wriggiee . vermin Rat , .anyhody ? no- one take up the offer . vermin ( mutter to himself ) might he the last meal we will get .. he disconsolately open hie mouth , hut we CUT to strutter hefore anything really revolting can happen . strutter etaree at the floor . eventually he sighe . strutter well ... that 's it , then ... wally it 's all over . fidgit 1 + . bow could we have heen so ‘’stupid ? og ( thoughtfully ) I dunno ... a pause , . CUT to a phota : of Greece . some idyllic ecene take hy kevin 'e polaroid . he 'e look at it with tear in he eye ... kevin eort through two more polaroid . picutres of mycenae and agamemnon which hring hack intolerable memory for he . then at the hottom of the pile he come across a photo of the dwahve in better time , flaunt they ware in sherwood Forest . he pass it . over and onto another Greek scene . a pause . then he quickly go hack to the group photo . he staree at it ; then he rummages hurriedly in he hag and produce a magnify glase . he appliee it to the photo , look , not at the fac but focuss .. on the map that they be proudly hold up . he peer more closely . yes , the detail be visihle . ' kevin hey ! all the dwarve turn . they would almost forget he , kevin clamber to he foot , and across to the dwarve . kevin look at this ! 118 revise 6.5.30 continue they gather round the phote , he hold the magnify glass . fidgit good one of wally ... ~ no look ... kevin 105 a 118 118 revise 28.4.80 . 108 continue they look grunt of closer . kevin D 'yon eee what I eee ? incomprekension from the dieillusion band . kevin the map ! randall ( impatiently ) we can see it 'e the map .. but what use ig it to we now ... kevin look closer ... the time of legends .. see .. ? see the fortress of ultimate darknese ? randall yes ... ' kevin | well , look .. right helow it .. suddenly randall let out a low whistle of amazement . randall that 's a hole ? yes .. look ! randall but look at the size of it ! sevin exactly ! randall tt must lead anywhere ... kevin everywhere ... strotter what ? randall look ... we have just find the higgest hole in the Universe and it 'e practically right underneath we foot . ( get up ) Kevin ... you be a genius ... come on you lot ... shift ... 118 oo 118 revise 28.4.80 107 continue , 118 fidgit ( in alarm ) we will never get out of he og ( spring into action ) want a bet ? randall that 's it og ... we will show ‘em we can do something right ... they work well 's and go into action methodically .. og be already study the lock .. he grab kevin ''s bag and rummagee through , og 's eye light up . he root out ths knife the Greek King give he , kevin try to etop he , but realieing it 's for the cause , he reluctantly let og take it . 0g slip it into the lock , and with much hend and twist , which from kevin ' 's rsactione we see be give he heart - failure ... the door swing open . og hand kevin he knife back with a grin of thanks , the end of the beautiful Greek blade be now twisted like a corkscrew . randall enatch the knife out of kevin 's hand and hand it to fidgit who scramhle up the outside of the now swinging | cage . with the knife he hegin to cut off strand from the support hauser , he drop they down to wally and strutter who start to braid they . somewhat latsr they have woven a long thin rope , the hauser hold the cage ie extremely fray . the gang be definitsly work against time ~- with each movement of the cage another of the few remain strand of the hauser snap . tying the rope around strutter 's waist they lower he down helow the cage , slowly they hegin to swing he hack and forth . with each swing he arc further out , the hauser continue to part with this exertion . at last strutter , - have .. gain enough momentum . and with a final swing he’ reach " the neighbour cage . hs cling to the bar as wally be tie to the rope pull it taut and check he angle of attack , wally 1 's from the cage . gracefully he arc under strutter 's cage and sweep over to the next cage . the moment he have firmly grasp itehar , strutter let go and swing un : wally and onto solid ground at the edge of the abyss . ach go up from the rest of the gang . strutter attachee the rope to a stone column . the other end be attach to the cage , and after wally have untied himeel ? from the middle of it , the rope be pull taut , one hy one , the gang slide down the rope to the ground . wally check he positioning and fearleesly let go of the cage and drop toward the rope . expertly he catch it but the jolt on the rope snap the hauser hold the cage , and the cage and rope plummet into the abye . wally disappeare as well , panic from the gang , madly they pull on the rope , up it come ... and , eurprise , wally be dangle on the end . relief all round , 118 revise 28.4.80 . 108 continue 2 . 118 randall wipe he hrow , he eye shine with relief and triumph . randall ' e we have do it ! kevin now all we need be the map ... randall 1 what ? ; kevin we must get the map . randall De not he a fool , we know where the hole be , let 's get out of here ... he make to go , kevin grabe he . kevin evil 'e get the map ... randall ! ' randall damn right .. the last thing we want to do be see he again ... come on , quick ! he make to go , but kevin hold he firmly back . kevin De not you see ? that 's all he want . so long as he have the map he can destroy the. world . we will never get away from he . randall groan wretchedly . ~ ; srandall ( slowly , with tremendous agonize fseling ) can not we ever do anything right ? ksvin yes ... we could save the world if we get the map hack . a moment of decision . Exchange of look . tension have replace euphoria . wally ( slowly ) I ... I would not mind have a hash at do something good for once . I be so rottsn at be have . vis 119 revise 28.4.80 108 continue - 118 kevin ( to strutter ) strutter ? strutter noda a little unsurely . kevin og ? og nod with he usual eagerness , though he have not the first idea ahout what 's go on . eevin . vermin ? j . vermin . ( nod ) T will stay with og. sevin fidgit ? fidgit . ( pathetically ) all right ... i' l11 coma with you .. so long as I do not have to be brave .. randall but .. look ... he 's only a kid .. strutter you just say he be a genius ... all turn to look at randall . his face take on a air of hitter resignation . randall oh ... all right ... ail right ... hut after this i ... I do m't ever want to , see .any . of you lot ever again ~ right 7 . ( they all nod vigorously ) well come on then ! if we be go to get kill , let 's go and do it properly . int . citadel corridor . day 119 the gang make they way stelathily through the dank corridor . they duck into the shadow to avoid evil' henchmen who make they round . as the henchmen pase , the gang follow they . rounding the corner they be confront hy a extraordinary sight ... another infinitely vast interior space with massive circular column~like structure that dieappear far ahove and far helow then . the gang be stand in the gape maw - of a gigantic stone gargoyle . a pathway descend around the edge of the huge column they be etanding in . bridge crigscro revise 28.4.80 110 oe 119 continue . 119 ~ the distance hetween other column . Far helow they a bridge lead to another gargoyle mouth that appeare to be the entrance . to the evil genius grotto . ' 120 '' int . evil genius ' grotto day 120 evil and he two slaver assistant be poring over the map . around they be scattered various evil appurtenance , include skeleton , etc . evil ie moan with quiet pleasure ... he most personahle lump , the drool attendant , benson , ie heside , he ... benson think and speak , and indeed exist , with difficulty . ' evil ' c oh ... beneon .. , I feel the power , of evil coursing through my vein , i fill every corner of my heing . with the desire to do wrong ... I 's . feel so have beneon ... : benson good ... good ... ) evil yee it be good - for this be the be ' worse sort of hadnee I be feel ... benson . : kill I ! kill I ! master ... , evil not yet beneon . we have work to do ... no lee a work than to over - cc throw creation itself . we will be - make man in we image not he , we will turn the mountaine into sea ... 121 int . entrance to evil genius ' grotto day - 121 the gang arrive outside the door . kevin peer through the keyhole . evil ( continue , from inside ) «+. and the sea into fire and the fire into a mighty rush wind that will cover the face of the earth and wipe clean the scourge of woolly think once and for all . revise 28.4. b0 aii 122 int . evil genius ' grotto day 122 benson ( try , with considerahle effort , to equal bie master 's passionate gense of miesion ) we can make ... bean into peas .:. evil oh benson , dear beneon ... you be eo mercifully free of the ravage of intelligence ... benson you say such nice thing , maeter ... ' evil . . yes ... I be sorry ... now beneon ... . I be go to have to turn you into ' a dog for a while . benson thank you master ... there be a flash . 123 '' int . entrance to evil genius ' grotto day 123 the gang reel back . 124 int . evil genius'grotto day 124 sure enough , 2 black drool mongrel now eit on the tahle with the map , where benson use to he . evil Guard the map ! dog bark in acquiescence . evil turn to the pool through which he hae watch the dwarve arrive here . evil Robert , we must plan a New World together .. ( ROBERT grunt ) +. but this time we will start properly . tell I ahout computere . a 124 128 126 revise 28.4.80 112 continue 124 ROBERT ( a lurking bulk , who be almost as limited as benson in he grasp of the basic essential of language ) a computer be a antomatic electronic apparatus for make calculation or control operation that be expressible in numerical or logical term . int , entrance to evil genius 's grotto dat 125 outside the door kevin beckon the other to enter . they slowly push the door open . int . evil gen1 US ' grotto day 126 evil be get frighteningly exoited . evil and fast breeder reactor ? ROBERT fast breeder reactor use a fast fission process for the generation of fissile isotope ... the gang tiptoe in .. the dog bark . they freeze and back into tbs shadow . evil turne . '' ev1l quiet benson ! ++. show I more , Robert ... sbow ms more ... show I subscriber trunk dialling . 4 must. know everything . the dwarve move forward , again the dog bark . kevin stop , almost beeide a skeleton . suddenly be bas a idea , stealthily he reach for a sksleto n'e leg ... pick it up and fling it into a corner of the room . benson the dog rune after it . og and vermin race forward to the table . og leap on vermln 's shoulder , grab the map ( which be roll up , like a scroll ) . he toss it to randall , who catcbe it and throw it to kevin . kevin ( biss ) Quick ! 126 revise 26.4.80 113 continue . 126 he holda the door as they turn and race out . the scuffling make evil whip round from he screen ... he register the map have go ... and scream : evil stop ! 4 1 ' 126 127 128 129 revise 23.4.60 114 continue a 126 but they be all out of the door and eafely away , except for og who slip as he make for the decor . the evil genius , eree hlazing , fire hie fingertip rocket hy hend back he mandarine fingernails in rapid succession . og hurst into a hlaz of tiny explosione . int . entrance to evil genius 's grotto day 127 the flash of light from inside illuminate vermin as he hurl himself out of the decor and join the other . a second later og emerge . he ie , however , only og from the waist downward . above that he have heen change into a pig . Quick reaction of other look horrify ... hut there 's no time to he lose . from inside we hear a shrisk of malevolent anger ... int . bridge to evil genius 's grotto day 128 evil after they ! stop they hy every meane in my ower ! - from the mouth of the gargoyle entrance a gigantic fireball vomite forth ... just as the gang clear the hridge . int . citadel corridor day 129 the gang rush back the way they come . behind they the sound of distant footetep thunder through the hall . the gang race on . wind hegin to howl around they . strange swirl lighting begin to illuminate the place . suddenly , in front of they , the stone flooring hegin to hurst apart . from under the floor rise a horrific ghoul . another section of the floor burst open . another ghoul appear . terrify . the gang detour . with this howling apparition hlocking they way to the dungeon kevin denidee they must separate . kevin randall ! you go and get help ... go down the hole ... go wherever you can and hring hack whatever you can ! randall be not you come ? kevin no I will stay and draw they away ... ( he hold up the map ) . ++. this ie what he want . it may delay he . '' randall on you own ? home 129 130 431 / 132° | 133 115 continue . 129 kevin no I '11 take one other ... og {rather pathetically grunt and look im - ploringly at Kevin ) kevin yes , og and I will etay ... try and get help ... quick ! int . citadel corridor dar 130 kevin and og dodge through the corridor . firehalls whirl past they . bay einieter shape crash after they . the evil force get cloeer and closer . 131 / deleted ety int , great hall '' day . 133 kevin and og charge through a doorway and discover themselves in a coloseal hall . the floor and one sloping stone wall be coloured in a gigantic chequerhoard pattern . great stone hlecke be pile up in odd formation . a large section of the ceiling have collapse and light stream in from this jag open high above . in the centre of this pool of lignt etand evil . behind the boy and the demi - pig be evil' force . they be trap . evil gaze smugly at kevin . evil : you be a very trouhlesome little fellow - eo troublesome that I ehould teach you one of my epecial lesson ... some grunte of know laughter from he henchmen . «+e bow could anyone waste they time create eomethe so ... inferior ... let 's do a bit of ' create 's ourselves , shall we rohert ? ( he look at kevin ) what do you think ? half donkey , half warthog , half caterpillar , half chicken ... ? or perhaps just a hack tooth in the mouth of a starve sewer rat ... more know laughter . evil suddenly stop grin . he look hard and terrifying and straight into kevin 'e eye . 133 revise 2b.4.80 116 continue ' 133 kevin grab a torch from a nearby column and hold the map heside it . the evil genius snarl .. kevin have the initiative again . kevin call off thoss ... creature ... or I destroy ths map for ever .. evil do not be so .. call they off ! evil : very well ! it have no need of they . the ghoul and the henchmen disappsar in a hall of fire . evil 's face harden into truly disturbing nastiness . evil De you realise who you be deal with hoy ? ~ he start to advance slowly and remorselessly on kevin . T have the power to destroy anyone T want , in any way I want as fast as I want . T need no help from anyhody , for I be evil . give mas ths map and I will spare ... some .. of you life ... ° kevin no ... nol not evil put he hand out . a shaft of light flash and curl on to og .. og turn into a total pig . kevin look horror - strike , evil be advance . evil give I the map ! kevin no ! evil be close , quick as a flash hie arm go up . kevin scream and olutchss he face ; when he look he see evil leer in triumph , map hold aloft , and ahout to do something very nasty to kevin . he advance , kevin hurl himself to the floor . evil turn and be ahout to crush he when suddenly there be a almighty crash . kevin think he 's dead and instinctively shut he eye tight . but when he open they he sess the evil genius have freeze with arm upraise and be stare hehind kevin . nothing NK 4 133 revise 28.4.80 oi 117 continue . 133 less than a huge sherman tank crashee ite way through the wall with randall at the controle . _ kevin be amaze . from another doorway a cry of " Kevin ! " and a group of mount fully - armoure knight lead hy strutter gallop up to kevin 's eide . a strange whining noise announce the arrival of a strange futuristic laser gun device . descend on anti-gravity pad from above they head , wally ie manoeuve it into position , from somewhere else in the dark receeeee of the hall come gunfire and a posse of american cowboys gallop up , whooping and holler as they do . vermin ride with one of they . kevin whirl round unable to take it all in . finally to the clatter of a horse - draw chariot , fidgit arrive . he etand in the chariot next to the greek king , behind they at a dog-trot be a company of greek archer . kevin cannot belidve it . he rush to agamemnon 's chariot and embrace he . agamemnon ( grimly ) now I - will teach you to fight ... evil look around the assemble force with a amused and disdainful smile . evil so this be the bett . that the Supreme be can do ? | chief cowboy be that the hohunk who 's cause all the trouble ? well we will not have no problem there ... come on guy ... we will finish this dude before breakfast ... cowboys yeesir ! before kevin can stop . they they charge off towarde evil . lassoos whirling they hear down on he with mighty whoope and holler . great fun this . a lariat snake out and lassoo the evil genius with ease . another encircle he . and then another . the evil genius do nothing . the cowboys tighten the slack on the ropee . they surround he . he can not move . cowboy leader ( shout back to Kevin ) see , 20 prohlem , sonny . you can call you man off ! we will bring he in - aaaaarghh ! at that very moment he ie whipped off he horse . so be the other cowboys . ' the evil genius have begin to spin . faster and be 133 118 continue . 133 faster he spin . the cowboys hold on for dear life at the end of they ropee . Higher and higher they epin . faster and faster whirl the evil genius . the gang look on in horror . from the centre of the red whirling shape that be the evil genius come a arm with a vicious - look knife , it hseitatee for a moment , and then , slicee . the rope part and the cowboys sail through the air ... right through the window open high in the wall . one of they arce right over the head of kevin 's force and be go . the cowboys be all dead . the evil genius have etopped spin and laughe . the . gang ie etunnsd into eilence . kevin be angry . ee summon the knight and deploye they in a great semi-circle around the evil genius . at the boy 's signal they charge . they mighty horsee shake ths ground with they pound hoof . deadly lancee point directly at the evil genius as the knight cannon towards he . calmly he remove from the fold of he rohe a gas mask . sscure it in place he throw he arme upwards . from the sleevee of hie coetume great jet of thick hlack smoke shoot skyward . the knight be practically upon he when a curtain of hlack smoke descend around they . obecure from view , the knight can he hear to be wreak the most awful vengeance on the unfortunate evil genius . the boy and the dwarve wait expectantly . suddenly all be quiet . and then , from the depth of the black emoke appear a horse - gallop riderless avay . a second horee appeare . also riderless . then another . and another , the boy and the dwarve etand aghast ae the smoke lifte revealing a tangle mass of knight ~ all impale on each other 's lance . they form a terrihle free~ stand eculpture . the evil genius stand next to hie work smile smugly . angrily , the greek king ordere hie archer forward . they rush into position and , draw back they how , ist fly a deadly shower of arrow . as the arrow course across the eky the evil gen1 lus swirl he red robe around he with a ~ defiant eweep . pull hack , we. can see he have turn himself into a giant red . pincuehion = complete ' with giant thimhle , needle and thread . the arrow thump into the soft pincuehion . drawing in a huge breath , ths evil genius expande the pincushion . and then , with a great grunt , he expel the arrow from the pincuehion ~ send they fly hack to where they come fron . everyone run for cover hut to no avail . the archer be wipe out to the last man . kevin order the tank and the laeer gun to open up on the evil genius but the evil genius be ahle to control the machine . the dwarve can not stop thsm from heing turnsd on kevin and the .othere . the machinee have go berserk . the gang be catch in the crossfire . the tank rumhle to ~ ward they . kevin slip and ie about to he cruehe under the track when the greek king rushee out and snatch he away in the nick of time . but in so do the greek king ie cut down hy the laser gun . he be hurl along the ground with a cry . — ~ 133 revieed 28.4.30 113g continue . 133 the evil genius laugh wildly at this . but the greek king have land just . below the evil genius and unnotice by the evil genius he reach for he knif , and ie ahout to fling . it on the unprotect back of the evil genius , when kevin ehee the danger and scream : . kevin no ! the evil genius whip round to see agamemnon pull himssl¢ up , and make to throw the knife as the roof above he crumblee , hury he beneath the rubble . kevin look back at the smoking pile of rubble . his eye till with tear that pour uncontrollably down he cheek . through it all hie anger return . defiantly he confront the snarling figure of evil triumphant . the gang cower in abeolute terror . there ie nowhere elee to run . it be the end . the figure of evil ecem to swell , the leer become terrifyingly ugly . the eye burn down . he begin to glow as he summon all hie terrifying power . the dwarve look helplessly for cover but all be destroy . the gang scream . then euddenly , from somewhere behind they a gigantic bolt '' of lightning split the air and strike the evil genius dead centre . he turn to carbon . a perfect charcoal 's replica of he former self - petrify for evar . kevin and the dwarve spin around to ese who or what it be that ' save they . lo and behold , it be none other than the supreme be . the dwarve be at onc elate and at the same time terrify . the supreme be have finally catch up with they . randall . ( protrate himself on the floor and urging the other to do the same ) get down ! get down ! then the supreme be euddenly , before they very avert eyee , metamporphoses from he glow radiant impressive long white - flow bearded self to a rather ordinary bureaucrat in a not very well - fitting suit . he shake himself . he eeem to be tired and irritable . he 'e not unlik alec guinness play George smiley , but quite unlike dirk bogarde in " the Spanish gardener 's . revise 6.5.80 . 120 133 continue . 133 supreme be ' ( with distaste ) oh ... I hate have to appear like that . it really be the most tire - somely noisy manifestation . still - rather expect of one , I be afraid . randall ( heckone to the other to prostrate themselves ) get down .... get down ... but randall be on he knee . randall oh great one , Supreme be ... creator of the Universe , without whom we would he mere scarab beetle on the dung heap of - : supreme be ( look sound at the chaos ) , what a dreadful mess = be the pig with you ? ? the gang nod . right , better sort he out first . he look briefly in og 's direction . og change hefore they very eye from pig to og . og ( sadly ) oh , I be enjoy that . supreme be ( fussily ) if there 's one thing I can not stand it 's . mess ... come on , pick all this stuff up .. 2 randall oh yes @ir ... of course sir ... ( he scramble to he foot and start to clear up ) + ( to other ) a Quick ... oh sir .. oh great one ... we can explain everything honestly we do not mean to steal the map .. we do not mean to run away .. we .. ( he recover map from debris ) supreme be : % what do you mean , you do not mean to e steal the map ? ~~ revise 6.5.80 . 121 . 133 ° continue , 133 randall - ( hapleesly , dusting map off ) well it just sort of ... supreme be ( grabh map from randall ) of course you do not mean to steal the map ... I give it to yon ... you silly man ... and this .. , : ( indicate a particular hit of filth on the floor - randall rush to pick it up - the other be all clean ) d'yon really think I do not know ? randall 'e mouth fall open . ' . randall Mom ? supreme be | . I have to have some way of testing my : handiwork .. I think he turn out rather well , do not you ? randall - what eir ? supreme be evil ! +. turned out rather well - _ mmm ? randall oh ... er yes . supreme be iwas a little worried to start with ... I think he would just give op ... resign himself to heing imprison here . but in the end I be jolly pleased with he .. he redly give yon a very have time , do not he ? +. whose be this ? ( he hold out kevin 's 's original clothes ) kevin mine , eir . supreme be you really be a untidy hoy ... ( he hande they over , then hold out pad and pen ) sign here . s) o revieed 6.3.80 ue bb 133 kevin signe . supreme be checke signature and put book away . wally peace you know what be happen to we supreme be well of course ... I be the Supreme be +o . I be not entirely dim . randall no sir , no sir ... of course ... it 's just that we ... supreme be I let you make the map ... then I let you acquire it ... I chase you as elowly as I convincingly could .. quite honestly there be timee when I nearly give up the whole test .. evil be do very little +++ you be heing rather wet ... now I want he remain nlacad in here ... right away .. be indicatc a very solid steel drum . the dwarve set to pick up the charcoal figure of evil . ' all oh yes sir ... right away sir ... kevin . you mean , you let all that people die just to test you creation ? supreme be yes ... you be rather a clever little chap .. I be rather pleased with the way I make you ... kevin but why do they have to die ? supreme be you might as well say why do we have to have evil .. randall oh we would not dream of queetion ... kevin yee , why do we have to have evil ? supreme be ah ... I think it 's something to do with free will ... oh do he careful !! 3 revise 6.5.80 1224 '' 133 ° continue . 133 the dwarve in they haste have drop the figure of evil . it hreak into several piece . supreme be do not lose that stuff .. that 's concentrate evil ... one drop of that could turn you all into hermit crab .. randall sorry eir ! sorry .. so ... we we can have we job hack then ... supreme be well I think I will haveto ... you certainly be appallingly hai robber ... in fact I may have to give you a promotion ... see as you have help I out . ( he look at they ) undergrowth department ? they all nod . " oh yes " . ' randall - thank you ... thank you ... wr ) . supreme be . ( indicate drum of evil hit ) be it all there ? ( dwarve nod ) right .. come on then ... back to creation . I must not waste any more time ... everyone will think I have loet control again .... put it all down toe evolution .. fidgit Sir ... revise 28.4.80 123 133 continue - 133 supreme be wa ( testily ) yes ... fidgit what about my friend sir .. can he come with we .. supreme be no , I be afraid not ... he must carry on the . fight ... come on , hurry ... fidgit but sir ... he deserve something .. without he ... supreme be oh yes .. but he 's get to carry on the fight .. he transmogrify . t esvin . hey ... please ... do not leave I . .. please ... rushing wind noise . . dwarve bye Kevin ... bye Kevin ... kevin do not leave I ... do not leave I . smoke from the vanish supreme be hegin to swirl around he . 134 int . kevin' bedroom dawn 134 kevin wake up in he bed - smoke be all around he . kevin ( half -asleep ) do not leave I ... please ... smoke be hillowing into the room ... and the door be be hashed down , firemen rush in . i ' fireman come on ... come on , x sevin e what happen ? what happen ? - o 134 135 136 137 . rsvise 28.4.80 124 continue : 134 as the firemen drag he out of the room , they crush kevin 's chequer hoard lie balf fold on the floor . on the chequer hoard reet a toy tank , laser gun and a variety of toy cowhoy , knight , and archer . it look to he a close copy of the great Hall . ext . kevin' house dawn 135 kevin be drag out of ths smoking , sparking interior of he house . his mother be frantically try to go hack in to eave some prize appliance - firemen restrain she . kevin 's father be try to explain to another fireman how the hlaze hegan - something to do with the auto-toaster wire get connect to the eezi-heat speed cooking over - they be all hustle out of shot . neighbour rush from they house . ext . housing estate park dawn 136 - the inhabitant of the flame , explode housing estate eluster in the early morning light - they hair in curler , dress gowns clutch ahout they , the odd rescue gadget in they arm . the housing estate be engulf in a holocaust of smoke 's flame as this good folk hicksr amongst themselves as to who be to blame for the disaster . kevin separatee himself from the petty acquisitive consumer - orient crowd . a faint smile actually appear on he face . then he notice he still have he satchsl around he neck . he dip into it and pull out he Polaroid - as he doee a couple of picturee fall out onto the ground . he take a picture of the demise of the housing estate and turn and walk off towards the rise sun . a slight hreeze flip the fall photo over as they lie on the ground . we close in on one of they . it 4e the picture of the gang in sherwood Forest . over this we hear the eound of the dwarve 's march song . ext . eill dawn . . 137 over the hrow of the hill marchee kevin to the beat of the dwarve ' march song . in the distance hehind he can he see the smoke from the consume estate . as he risee over @ ridge we eee he be not alone . there strung out hehind he be the gang heartily sing they song . we pan with they as they march across the hill until we face the morning sun . as it hlaze into the lens kevin and the gang march etraight into it as the song crescendo toward a magnificent finale . credit roll . cb 13 continue credit hegin to roll . over this the sound of the dwarve marching song begin to crescendo towards a magnificent finale : 137 hey=ho , nonny - nonny nok yum tum tiddle - eye tot fo tum tra la la- la lee we be a nasty lot tiddle - eye toh tum rum tikki tikki toh we will all be stinking rich with a caetle or two and a mountain view and a private cricket pitch hey-ho , nicky - nocky nam yum tum tikka eye- lay . wham ! bam ! grab it if you can who say crime do not pay ... with we horrible look , and we mean little eye and we heart as hard as rock on ! we strike terror everywhere we go . the end