10/5/00 they pouch be sit on top of a table in front of nobody 's here . p £ they . Gordon grab the pouch . Chris qive a little look at kate . she trust she gut . she find she way under life and death pressure . and he 's acknow edging that . . CUT to : the present -- int . control room -- itc corporation stern pace back and forth . he 's sweat . can not take the wait , the pressure ... he look at doniger . doniger two minute now . the technician on the transit room floor be fill new glass shield with water . charge battery . clear away the last of the debris . CUT to : int . oliver 's room -~ day the oak door lead into the room be be pound on fiercely . Lady Claire be watch the door -- the wood be start to split . Marek see she . marek do not worry . we be not go out that way . Marek yank the sheet off Oliver 's bed . he use he dagger to slice a strip off the side of the sheet . then he cut another and another . his eye glance out the window to see Chris and the Professor at the threshold of a doorway lead out into the courtyard . two fully armored knight be stand between they and the front gate . marek keep cut , all right ? she nod . and start cut the sheet as Marek be do . Marek grab he longbow and go to the window . 66 . 10/5/00 67 . ext . courtyard -- day Chris glance around to door jam . try to decide what to do . thwack ! one of the knight in the courtyard fall face first into a muddy puddle . a arrow stick through he chain mail and into he back . . voice go! go ! : CHRIS ( look up ) it 's Marek . the second knight turn around to see Marek in the window -- fire a arrow at he . he run for cover . Chris , the Professor , kate , and Gordon rush out of the doorway . Chris and Gordon carry sword . the Professor and kate have spray bottle and fire cube ready . CHRIS Andre ! Chris toss Marek 's pouch up to he . int . oliver ‘s room -- day Marek grab the pouch in mid air . give a little good luck salute to Chris and turn back to Claire . she have cut the entire top sheet into strip . the oak door be split apart . marek that 's enough . Marek rush to the bed and start knotting the strip together end to end . CUT to : ext . courtyard -- day Chris spray a guard in the face with the knockout gas . the guard swing he sword wildly , then fall over . kate , Chris , the Professor , and Gordon run through the front gate and toward a fallow field next to the small village . 10/5/00 C ) they be less than a minute away from the field . from a large open space . i the present -- int . control room -- itc corporation stern be balling he fist up , about to burst with anxiety . the Chief technologist be type command on he computer . . chief technologist okay ... we be power up .... almost . almost there . 60 % 80 % rene . we be operational . there 's a huge sigh of relief from stern . cur to : ext . castelgard -- day Chris , kate and the Professor race toward the open field . Soldiers be a few second behind they . two knight on horseback emerge from the manor house . Gordon be way ahead of the other . and he 's not look back . he 's almost at the field . a few more foot . a few more -- he 's there . he hit the button on he marker -- -- and bear a annove beep like vour computer make when you pur_inia command it will not accept . he look down at the marker . Hit the call button again . beep -- a little red light flash through the white ceramic . gordon shit ! he hit the marker again and again . increasingly frantic . only now do he look at Chris , kate , and the Professor . they be just arrive in the field . : gordon try you marker ! try they now ! J everyone hit they marker . beep all around . no go . no - machine ... , 65 . o 10/5/00 69 . gordon shit ! shit ! . professor johnston what 's go on ? why do not they -- gordon I do not know ! the transit room must be down ... professor johnston '' down '' ?! gordon I do not know ! Chris see the soldier get closer and closer -- and the knight on horseback come even faster -- CHRIS do not matter . right now we have to hide . gordon shit ! Gordon be freak out . he 's loose he cool . Chris , on the other hand , be dead calm . with each new obstacle , each new brush with death , he be become calmer and more focus . he scan the terrain around he -- CHRIS ( point ) Forest . {he present -- int . control room -- itc corporation alarm buzzer be sounding all over the place . Red light be flash . stern what the hell be wrong with it ? doniger , goddamnit . the main driver be damage in the explosion . stern you be just discover this ?! doniger the diagnostics say it be fine . 10/5/00 70 . o stern the '' diagnostics '' ? this be not a personal computer ! do not you look at it . physically examine it ? doniger jump up from the console . grab stern 's shoulder . get in he face . doniger you need to calm down ! stern get you fuck hand off I ! he shove doniger away . stern how - long - to fix it ? doniger look at the Chief technologist . chief technologist Three hour . stern what about use the first generation transit chamber ? stern point to another transit chamber , dark , unused , through another thick set of glass window , doniger can not do it . stern why ? doniger we just can not . . stern why ? you say the first generation system work fine . it be just slower ... that 's what you tell I ... doniger look at he . and it 's obvious doniger do not tell stem the whole story ..-- stern . I want a answer , Robert . if I do not get one -- I will bring in the 5 authority .... God know how many ) law you break building this thing ... CUT to : 10/5/00 1. int . oliver' bed chamber --~ day the oak door be be destroy from outside . slam ! slam ! slam ! it will only hold for a few more second .... on the other side of the oak door Black plume be hack the door to piece with a battle ax .... the intensity on he face be incredible -- the determination ... with a pocket knife , this guy would be scary as hell . witha battle ax he 's you worst fuck nightmare . int . oliver' bed chamber -- day Marek have tie one end of he hastily make ' rope 's ( knotted strip of bed sheet ) to a iron eyelet and drop the other end out the window . it 's a five story drop out the window . jag rock be below they . lady claire I do not know if I can do it . marek come here . Marek fumble around for he next word . marek can you ... you need to hold on to I .... I will walk we down the wall . she look at he . the door splinter off its hinge . - no more time . marek arm here . leg around my waist . at the oak door Black plume step through the shred door with he battle ax -- -- and in so do he push on & trip wire that Marek have obviously rig up . the tension on the wire yank a burn torch off the wall . o 10/5/00 72 . it fall on the floor in front of Black plume . it would not be a proble except Marek have laid the velvet draft protector on the oor -- it erupt into flame . Black plume scream and dive backwards -- ext . manor house -- day Marek '' walk down the wall * hand over hand on the rope . Lady Claire 's body be wrap around he in a death -defy embrace . the moment be one of extraordinary intimacy , lace with sheer terror . of fall . of be hack to death by Black plume -- cur to : ext . forest -- day Chris and kate race through the forest . ext . elsewhere in the forest -- day gorden rush through the tree . the Professor be fall behind and Gordon be not slow down to ‘help he . | : stay with the Professor as he run . a knight on horseback be right behind he . gain fast . the knight lift a heavy wooden mace and slam the Professor from behind with it . the Professor collapse . he shake off the pain and try to get up . the knight who knock he over circle . another knight arrive and unsheathes he sword , prepare for the coup de grace . first knight no . do not kill he . second knight who say ? first knight sir William . : second knight ) ( cow ) oh ... first knight bring he to the dungeon ... ( beat ) I will go get the other one . ext . forest -- CHRIS and kate -- day 10/5/00 kate be hyperventilate . Chris be hold she tight , against she chest , calming she . CHRIS shh ... shh ... it 's okay . it 's go to be okay ... they be hide in dense underbrush . kate it 's not fuck okay . the machine do not work . we be stick here . CHRIS they will fix the machine . ( beat , then firm ) listen to I . we be go to get out of here . kate how ? CHRIS you first book -- the one that 's go to get you tenure . kate huh ? CHRIS that 's what 's go to get we out of here . kate what be you talk about ? ext . dordogne river -- day Marek and Lady Claire stay low as they make river bank . CUT to : they way along the 10/5/00 74 . lady claire if we continue along the river for three mile we will come to my brother 's force . Marek nod . but just the he hear something ... horse . galloping . approach . then he see the knight approach . four of they -- lead by marek in the water . come on ! come on ! Marek yank she in . marek can you swim ? lady claire yes . but the current be strong . marek take my hand . they start float down stream . as they move toward the center of the river the current get stronger . they move faster . Marek look to the other side of the river . two more knight . shit. nowhere to go . no move to make . . the knight just trot along the bank . they nve get all the time in the world . Marek watch they . look into Black plume 's eye ... lady claire Sir Andre -- he turn to look where she be point . a few hundred yard down the river there be a fortify bridge . a mill be integrate into the structure . several water wheel turn underneath the bridge . pass between the wheel could be very dangerous . the current be pick up . lady claire what now ? Marek stare at the water wheel . at the bridge . marek I have a idea . 10/5/00 78 . ext . edge of the river -- day Black plume eye Marek from the river bank . next to the mill bridge . he motion for he man to enter the structure from both side . black plume ( to himself ) what be you do , rogue ? whatever it be , I assure you , it will be in vain ... the junior knight next to Black plume , look over at he , know he master speak the truth ... ext . river -- day the river be all white water here . Marek swim directly for one of the water wheel . as he reach it he grab hold of the spoke , then step up onto one of the paddle , lift Lady Claire with he . int . mill bridge -- day Marek and Lady Claire jump off the water wheel into a small dark room . they be drip wet . she be shiver fiercely . . | Marek lead she through a room full of two row of trip- hammer clanging loudly onto blacksmith 's anvil . this be a medieval metal shop . what 's odd be -- there 's no one here . it give the place a eerie feel . a sense of forebode . the bang reverberate loudly off the stone wall . suddenly a knight jump out at Marek . they sword clank together . clank . clank . clank . Marek jump over a row of hammer and grab Lady Claire . | marek come on ! the knight chase after Marek . o 10/5/00 76 . int . elsewhere in the mill bridge -- day Black plume 's knight cautiously make they way through a room with a large wooden chute in it . periodically it spit out finely ground grain into a huge crate on the floor . the air in the room be hazy with yellow grain dust . voice ( 0.s. ) in here ! . int . another grain chute room -- day the shouting voice belong to Marek of all people . marek in here ! lady claire ( suddenly scared Marek be on the English side ) what be you do ? marek it 's okay . it 's okay .... then he whisper the rest into she ear . four knight be now in the room . _ sword draw . the toughest , meanest - look knight swing he sword back and forth in a complex pattern . meanest -looking knight surrender you sword . or you will . surrender you head . Marek calmly reach into he pouch and pull out a tiny fire - start cube . he hold it up to show the threaten knight . they look at he like he 's nut . . | Marek pull the string out of the cube and carefully place it on a low railing . the knight watch the cube . then look back at Marek . why do he have that smug expression on he face ? he 's get to be nut . that 's the main thing they be think . until he grab Lady Claire and literally throw she through a small window in the wall behind they . a split second later he dive out after she . yop : '' 10/5/00 ext . river -- day Lady Claire hit the water hard . Marek nearly land on top of er ... ... and then boqoom ! the entire bridge explode ! underwater Marek and Lady Claire can see the flame through the water , and the debris as it splashes down through the surface and sink toward they . ext . river -- day Marek and Lady Claire surface to behold the destroy bridge . she be completely flabbergasted . stun by what have occur . lady claire how do you do it ? you work magic , knight . marek no magic . grain dust explode when it come into contact with fire . lady claire but there be no fire . marek the cube make fire . lady claire with magic . marek with science . I will explain -- thump ! ugghhh ! Marek suppress a scream . a arrow jut from he leave shoulder ... voice the next one will not hit you arm ... Marek turn to see Black plume with he long bow draw -- a arrow aim at Marek 's chest . 77 . qo 10/5/00 78 . a black plume ( to the three knight with he ) collect they and put they in the dungeon . I all return in a hour . ( beat ) keep they alive ... something about the way he say that send shiver down the spine . CUT to : black screen fade up to ; a blurry Pov a woman 's face slowly come into focus . it be Lady Claire , lean over we . lady claire welcome back , irishman . ‘o now we move to reveal : ~ int . dungeon Marek have just regain consciousness . his leave shoulder be wrap with a bloody tourniquet . . Lady Claire be hold he hand , look into he eye . marek where be I ? the Professor and John Gordon be here as well . everyone be shackle in thick iron chain . professor johnston dungeon of the manor house at castelgard . you have get a pretty deep wound , Andre . you lose consciousness . | | marek be any of you injure ? professor johnston just bruise . marek how long have I be here ? net 10/5/00 19 . professor johnston half hour . ( try to bolster Marek ) enough time for Lady Claire to tell we about you dare rescue attempt . she say you have the bravery of ten man . that be she word , not mine . lady claire ten man at least . perhaps twenty . Marek look at she , into she eye . the sound of a metal door be open . everyone stop , listen . footstep now , get closer ... a key place in a lock -- turn . clank . and the door to they cell swing open . Black plume stand at the threshold . find John gorden -- he eye go wide at the sight -- his jaw drop open -- gordon Holy shit ... black plume hey , John ... be a while -- huh ? do this two know each other ? impossible -- Black plume draw he sword and thrust it into Gordon 's belly -- black plume you rat-fuck son-of - a bitch . Gordon 's stare back at he , eye the size of saucer . needless to say the Professor and Marek be pretty goddamn stunne themselves . Black plume remove he sword and Gordon collapse on the ground . black plume ( to guard behind he ) get she out of here . the guard unlock Lady Claire and whisk she out . Black plume kneel on the ground next to Gordon , grab he by the hair and lift he head so they eye can meet . 1075/00 black plume how do you look yourself in the mirror ? how do you sleep at night ? '' never abandon you wounded on the battlefield . neyer . 's that ' 's the ultimate sin . that 's the first thing they teach I in basic training . you be a disgrace to every man who ever wear the uniform ... '' Gordon try to say something . a few raspy sound . but he have no breath . his lung have be puncture . slowly he eye close . he 's dead . there be a beat of silence . Black plume take a deep breath . a cleanse breath . it 's as if a huge weight have be lift from he shoulder . then he rip the marker from around Gordon 's neck , drop it on professor johnston who be you ? black plume where you be from ? or here ? professor johnston both ... I guess . : black plume Sir William De kere . for the fourteen month that I have be here . before that I be William decker . from Winston - Salem , North Carolina . I spend twelve year in the Marine Corps before John Gordon recruit I to come work for itc . -- 's i ( a example of which doniger and Gordon show we earlier ) . do kere ( aka black plume ) the last time I see this piéce of shit he be run like hell for he time machine . I be on the ground , with three arrow in I . he lift he chain mail to reveal vicious scar all over he body . 80 . ) 10/5/00 gi. as De kere continue speak in the come minute we notice that he speech be mark by the occasional odd pause , strange emphasis or intonation .... something about he be off . you can not quite put you finger on it . but you can sense it . dnd roan ; can do kere it 's a fuck miracle I survive . the priest in casteigard certainly think so . and since french archer have shot I ... let 's just say I have all the credibility I need with Oliver . Marek and Professor johnston look at De kere .... marek they tell we they have never be more than a hundred yard -- do kere doniger 's a fuck liar . so take whatever he tell you with a grain of salt . we survey this whole valley . the day I get hit I be just in the wrong place at the wrong time . ( beat ) you be pretty impressive this afternoon , Marek . for a academic ? Jesus ... . marek how do you know -- do kere we read every report that come out of you dig before we make the first trip pack . I know all of you name . ( beat ) look , I be go to cut to the chase : I be stick in this godforsake place -- professor johnston stuck ? do kere the arrow wound ... the Professor and Marek give he blank look . professor johnston Arrow wound ? why do that ...? do kere . the transcription error would kill I if I try to go back . 10/25/00 marek transcription error ? do kere they do not tell you about transcription error ? of course . why would they ? doniger be a goddamn snake . the present - doniger and t : cut to : - int . control room -- itc corporation he Chief technologist have just drop a bomb on stern . he stare back at they . i tern what the hell be transcription error ? doniger | | mistake ... in the re-assembly process . minor error occur every time you be reconstruct on either side of the wormhole . every time you travel . if you travel too many time the transcription error compound and eventually cause noticeable damage , mental problem , perforation in the lung or the ‘heart . stern why do not you tell I ? why do not you tell they ?! doniger because ... it 's a negligible problem in the second generation system ... stern but the first generation system ... chief technologist we have problem . sometimes even with just a single trip ... stern what kind of problem ? how serious ? int . SMALL room -- itc corporation doniger and the Chief technologist lead ste : point at a metal cage . mm into the room and 10/25/00 stern look inside . a beautiful gray cat lie asleep . its face bury in its paw . stern look back at the two man -- what be they point ? doniger tap on the cage . the cat snap awake -~ and now we see that the i it 's i i  . the leave half of its nose be a mangle mound of flesh . it have two leave eve . the cat screech -- a horrendous screech -- and hurl itself towards stern , who jump back . horrify . the cat slam into the bar of the cage over and over again , it 's face start to bleed . doniger he will keep do that for a hour ... CUT to : int . dungeon -- castelgard manor house Marek and the Professor , in chain , listen to De kere . do kere I have take eight trip back and forth . that 's right at the limit anyway . add to that the fact that my inside have be thoroughly scramble by that arrow ... that computer at itc would never be able to put I together right again . . : ( beat ) the point be ... I be stick here .. - in this ... shithole . and life suck here . unless you nre at the very , very top . I think you have experience enough of this place to understand what I be talk about . marek ( weary smile ) I think you nre right . De kere react to Marek 's smile with a smile of he own that fade slowly into a look of hatred . do kere you think I be right . De kere put he dagger to Marek 's throat ... _.. and cut the marker from around he neck . then he take the Professor 's marker too . 83 . 10/25/00 84 . do kere you do not think I be go to forget this , do you ? De kere drop the marker on the ground and stomp on they . Marek and the Professor stare down at the destroy marker . that be they way out . they way home ... they be in shock as the implication of what De kere have just do sink in ... do kere we be all stick here now ... marek you son-of-a-bitch ... do kere you two have a choice to make . you kill nine man during you escape attempt , the punishment for which be week of excruciate torture . I be talk about stuff that ... ( laugh , a little bit off ) Christ . you would not believe the stuff they do to people here . anyway -- several week of the most : horrifying pain you can imagine , follow by death . that ' 's what 's behind door number one . by now -- he speech pattern , he rapidly shifting emotion ( from smile to vicious hatred , etc ) -- have leave no doubt in we mind ... be i the transcription error have de_kere be insane definitely catch up with he .... do kere behind door number two : I explain to Oliver just how useful you two be . I tell he you know how to build catapult that shoot farther than anything he 's ever see , that you know the recipe for effective gunpowder , and Greek Fire ... all that stuff that a historian of the Middle Ages would know . simple thing that will be discover in the next fifty or a hundred year . thing that will turn the tide in we battle with the french . you do that he will keep you alive . and I will be a hero . ( more ) o 10/25/00 do kere ( continued ) I will not tell he that you can also predict the future . you know the date of surprise attack . the name of important spy ... all of that information you will tell exclusively to I . know it , I 'il become quite wealthy and powerful . so long as you stay loyal I will keep you alive , and even allow you life of moderate comfort ... ( beat ) so what will it be , guy ? door number one ? or door number two ? cuT to : the present -- int . control room -- itc corporation stern exit the small room with the cat in the cage . we can hear it screeching , until the sound proef door close behind they . stern I be go to the FBI . doniger look at he . then start to laugh . doniger you do not understand the first thing about the real world , do you , Dan ? just another egghead physicist . there 's a hint of self - loathing in that last sentence . doniger what do you think the FBI 's go to do when you walk in the door ? pile into they sedan , stick a light on the roof , and come racing out here to investigate ? I get news for you -- the second you say ' time - travel 's they will write you off as a lunatic . a freak . do you have any idea how many lunatic call the FBI every day ? it will be week , maybe month before - you get anyone to take you seriously . and by then we will have break all this equipment down and convert this space into a effort to isolate the property of some arcane subatomic particle like the e-meson or the quark . 85 . 10/25/00 86 . stern : you be forget the fact that people be miss . Seven of they . vanish into thin air . doniger that they might investigate . but I guarantee they will start off with the theory that you -- the lunatic who walk into they office talk about time - travel -- chop they up into little piece and feed they to the fish . and Dr. stern -- let I remind you of something -- I be worth six i124 . with resource like that , how difficult do you think it will be for I to manufacture enough evidence for you to end up in jail ? hardball . like stern never even dream it could be play . he just stand there , stunne . totally stunne . doniger now , sit down and shut the fuck up . and I will try to get you friend back ... stern just stare at he . and now we notice that he 's not the only one . the Chief technologist can not believe what he just hear ... cuT to : ext . town of castelgard -- late afternoon the town be almost empty now . the last group of soldier and knight from the manor house be make they way along the road to La roque . ext . road to LA roque -- late afternoon La roque be visible atop a high cliff in the distance . the epitome of a medieval fortress . massive . impenetrable . the Professor and Marek sit in chain on a horse draw cart . they look pale , exhaust , on the verge of collapse -- mental and physical . Marek look at another cart in front of they . Lady Claire sit on it , also in chain . they watch each other . both cart be surround by armed man on horseback . 10/25/00 87 . C ) professor johnston ( quietly ) there 's one piece of good news in all this . I destroy the open marker . Marek look at he . . professor johnston De kere be wear it . all that stuff doniger say about lose it himself be just bullshit . johnston pull up the sleeve of he tunic and reveal the tracking device . a message read : '' deactivation achieve . '' marek that ' 's good . professor johnston that 's good for the world . marek be we really go to help Oliver turn the tide against arnaut ? Oliver be suppose to die in the siege of 1357 . what if we help Oliver live ? what if what we do mean arnaut die ? we be change the course of history ... it could ... God know what it could do to we world . not that we be ever get back there . doniger might not send anybody after we -- . qo professor johnston we will get out of here , Andre . believe that . the Professor glance at he countdown clock . it read three pour . Three hour until they marker expire . and , for the record , Oliver will die tonight . arnaut will win the siege . you know why ? because he 's go to catch Oliver off guard . he 's go to sneak he best knight into La roque through the secret passageway that run from that monastery right there ... ( point ) ...into La roque . , ; professor johnston | | johnston point at the monastery . 10/25/00 88. marek it 's 1357 . the french do not find that passageway until twenty - three year , from now . 1380 . professor johnston History 's about to be rewritten . the Professor smile . professor johnston take another look at the monastery . Marek try to see whatever the Professor be try to get he to see ... but he can not see it ... professor johnston Southeast tower . Marek look at the Southeast tower and then he spot it . atop the flagpole be a orange and black flag . marek Orange and black . professor johnston { ) the color of Princeton University . marek kate ? professor johnston there be not a noble family in all of France which use orange on its flag . I think 's kate and Chris make it to the monastery . marek and this be they way of communicate with we .... . professor johnston the monastery be align with arnaut . kate know where the secret passageway begin . she all show they . twenty - three year early .... marek kate and Chris still have they marker ... | | | | aay '' 10/25/00 professor johnston which mean two time machine . doniger say each one hold two people . ( beat ) we be go to make it through this , Andre . we be all go to make it home ... Marek 's eye show excitement -- but then something melancholy creep into they . now we see that he be look at Lady Claire . marek and what happen to she ? the Professor look at he . marek what 's suppose to happen to she -- I mean before we come here and muck around with history . what happen to she ? do she survive this siege ? the professor arnaut 's lead knight -- bujold -- rescue she during the attack . get he ear chop off during the fight . she marries he . Marek nod . a mixture of emotion on he face . the present -- int . control room -- itc corporation silence . doniger look down at the transit room , watch the technician work on the main driver , which be still break . stern look down at the floor , feel helpless and humiliate . stern can I ask you something ? doniger look at he . stern why do you develop this technology ? doniger because it could be do . because I figure out how to do it ... stern in other word , ego . 89 . cc ) . ne o 10/25/00 90 . doniger ( shrug ) human nature . it 's why we rule the world , and not the animal . we see a mountain and we climb it ... because its there .... stern look away . stern stare doniger that be not the main reason though . ( beat ) do you realize how much of the conflict in the world , the war , the ethnic slaughter be fundamentally about history ? about differ interpretation of what happen in the past ? what if science could resolve that dispute , show exactly what happen ? at he . doniger I be not say it would end all conflict just like that . but talk about a way forward ... imagine it , Dan . just imagine it .... CUT to : ext , LA roque -- dusk angle on Lord Oliver bath in the golden light of dusk . he be hold he hand over he eye like a visor against the . sun . his eye be search something in the distance . but we do not show what it be . we stay on he eye . lord oliver one thousand . I say one thousand . do kere it 's certainly close to that , my lord . now the camera move to reveal that Oliver and De kere be stand atop the battlement of the huge fortress at La roque . they be look out at a massive plateau to the west . a half mile away more than i i the fortress . ready to lay siege . hundred of knight on horseback . hundred of archer . Foot 5 soldier with pole arm . and dozen of engineer set up massive wooden catapult . 10/25/00 it be a stun image -- daunt -- all the more so because ait be silhouett against a fiery red-orange sunset . Oliver be still scan the horizon . lord oliver there he be , the illiterate french pig . on the white horse . in the distance we see arnaut , on a white horse , at the front of he troops . lord oliver hold the bitch up for he to see . find Lady Claire in chain nearby . Soldiers yank she up some stair to the battlement and hold she up so she be visible from the plateau . ext , plateau -- the french siege line -- dusk Lord arnaut , atop he white stallion . he be a handsome man , even with the long scar that run from just below he leave eye all the way down to he neck . he look off in the distance , stare at the woman in chain atop the battlement . aide do camp ( in french , subtitle ) be that she , my Lord ? arnaut stare off in the distance . a long beat . and then a small nod . ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- dusk Claire stand . still defiant . find Marek and the Professor thirty foot away , also in chain . four guard stand with they . Marek be watch Claire . her defiance move he , involve ext . plateau -- french line -~- dusk arnaut look down at a piece of parchment in he hand . the wax seal be Lord Oliver 's , the rear English lion prominent . arnaut break the seal and read the short note . gi . 10/25/00 92 . ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- dusk Oliver watch two horseman gallop across the plateau from the french line . the lead rider fly a white truce flag . a smile form on Oliver 's face . Marek and the Professor watch the horseman too . Oliver turn to Lady Claire . : lord oliver : | proud , but in the end coward . it |! seem that you brother be , in fact , quite willing to bargain with the English dog for he sister 's life . Sir William ? do kere yes , my lord . lord oliver a people that refuse to fight , that insist on deal - strike and concession - make to protect what they om do not have the spine to put at risk , / such people be destine to be slave , t would you agree ? do kere without question . . arnaut 's messenger dismount they horse in front of the raise drawbridge . ext . courtyard -- LA roque -- dusk arnaut 's messenger walk into the courtyard . Oliver , De kere , and several other knight go to meet they . french messenger Lord Oliver -- I come as a messenger from Lord arnaut de cervole . | | Marek and the Professor look down at the scene from the battlement . lord oliver ( haughty ) what be you message ? see ? qo 10/25/00 french messenger my lord reject the bargain you put forth in you letter . instead he will allow you thirty minute to surrender . if you do so , he will grant mercy . if you refuse , my master suggest that you make peace with God for you will be meeting he presently . Oliver be stunne . just completely dumbfounded . the gall . the fuck gall .... . the shock wear off and Oliver 's face begin to darken ... he look around he . hundred of people be look at he . his soldier . his knight . the entire castle . everyone be silent . you could hear a pin drop . french messenger I be authorize to take you answer back verbally , or , if you would prefer to write a response -- the sound of scraping metal . a flash . as Oliver 's sword slam into the messenger 's neck . french messenger aaaaah ! blood squirt . the messenger drop . his hand clutches he neck , try desperately to stanch the bleed . ext . atop the battlement -- dusk Marek and the Professor watch in horror . thirty foot away from they Lady Claire watch too ... ext . courtyard -- dusk lord oliver hold he ! Oliver sheathes he sword and grab a ax from one of the nearby soldier . . lord oliver hold he still !!! the messenger be scream . Oliver 's soldier struggle to hold he down . De kere put he foot on the man 's forehead to hold it in place . 93 . 10/25/00 thuunk ! Oliver 's ax come down hard , sever the messenger 's head , executioner - style . ext . atop the battlement the Professor wince as the french messenger 's head roll into a puddle . he turn away , disgust by the sight . Marek , on the other hand watch , almost dispassionately ... by now he have see so much of this , and he have kill several man himself ... ext . courtyard Oliver pick up the messenger 's head by the hair , and carry it to the second messenger . lord oliver here be my response . take it to you master . CUT to : ext . plateau -- french line -- dusk arnaut watch in the distance as two horse , but only , one horseman gallop toward he from the fortress . voice ( in french , . subtitle ) my lord -- it be arnaut 's aide - de-camp . arnaut watch the approach horse . aide-de-camp my lord , there be a urgent message from the monastery . from the abbot . CUT to : ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- dusk Lord Oliver , splatter in the french messenger 's blood , walk up to the Professor and Marek . De kere be behind he . Oliver look he two prisoner over ... lord oliver shall I remove you head for you treason this afternoon ? or perhaps I should hang you . 10/25/00 the Professor and Marek look back at he . afraid to respond . afraid to make thing worse . lord oliver Sir William believe I should spare you . he say that , in exchange for you life , you will make I gunpowder far superior to that make by my engineer . he say that you have knowledge of Greek Fire and other such weapon ... . ( beat ) be this true ? professor johnston it be , my Lord . Oliver look at the Professor . then at Marek . consider they fate .... lord oliver you shall have until the sun drop below the horizon . if you.can produce this weapon , by then , you will live . if not , you will die . a whooshing sound be hear . it be get louder , fast . Oliver spin to see a huge ball of flame come toward they . from this angle it look as if it have be shot out of the sun itself . . the flame sphere careen over they head and slam onto a roof atop the inner curtain wall . the wood shingle roof burst into flame . and now we see that the flame projectile be a dead cow . cover in flame pitch ... the Professor stare at it , incredulous ... the professor well , that certainly make a impression ... now in the distance we see arnaut 's huge catapult launch more projectile . a huge boulder seem to be head right for they -- everybody hit the deck . except Oliver and De kere . o 10/25/00 96 . crunch . it slam into the heavy wall a few foot beneath they . Stone crumble around the point of impact . Oliver and De kere notice that Marek be still stand too ... a slight smile form on they face . this be a man worthy of they respect ... find Lady Claire . she be also look at Marek . the Professor pull himself up 's off the ground . lord oliver | why do not you duck , irishman ? marek a man die when it 's he time . Oliver 's smile broaden . lord oliver make I the weapon by sundown . or , rest assure , it will be you time . CUT to : the present -- int . control room -- itc corporation the Chief technologist work on a computer . technician Sir -- we have finally get some good news . the Chief technologist look at the technician 's screen . stern what be it ? chief technologist the open marker 's be disabled . the wormhole 's close . it look like you friend do they job ... angle on doniger reacting to the news .... chief technologist : probably mean you friend be still alive .... if they be not -- what they nve do for the planet -- stern ' i ive . it 's you job to get they back here ... 7 int . armory -- LA roque fortress -- night 10/25/00 97 . ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- dusk Lord Oliver stand atop the battlement with De kere observe arnaut 's line . lord oliver where be he ? he always ride up and down the line try to rally he cowardly troops . Oliver strain he eye try to see . suddenly he have 4 think . lord oliver ahh .... I know where the pig have go . I know .... int . / ext . monastery -- night Inside the cloister . kate and Chris stand alone . wait for something ... or someone . kate watch the shadow ... kate how much time leave on the marker ? CHRIS ( check countdown clock ) fifty -seven minute . kate Jesus . we be cut this close . dust then three man come into view , approach along a dark , | cover stone pathway . they carry sword . this man be warrior . and now we see they face . they be axnaut_and he aide - de - the first man be a monk . but the two man behind he be not . | gamp .... | - CUT to : the Professor and Marek mix various element together in large stone bowl . De kere watch they . a loud crashing in the background . the professor jump as the sound . then shake it off . 10/25/00 98. ol smoke pour in from the outside . ( arnaut be continue to hurl rock and flame object from he catapult . ) the Professor and Marek work frantically . do kere you be do it exactly the same as Oliver 's guy do it . you be use the same recipe . the professor it 's not the recipe we be change . it 's the way we mix it . it have to be ground extremely fine . especially the saltpeter . Northern Europe do not catch on to this for another fifty year . do kere what do that do ? marek you will see . tell Oliver we be ready . CUT to : ( } int . / ext . monastery cloister -- night arnaut stand with kate and Chris . the abbot be also with they . lord arnaut ( heavy french accent ) I have hear tale of a secret entrance into La roque for many year . but I have come to believe it isa fiction . CHRIS it 's no fiction , my lord . a passageway exist .. and we can help you find it . but you must first make a promise . the abbot tell I you be aman of you word . lord arnaut what promise ? CHRIS we friend be captive inside the castle . we wish you to guarantee they safety . o 10/25/00 ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- night a huge flame stone slam into the top of the battlement , smash off the crenellation and drop into the courtyard . a few foot away , the Professor and Marek stand with Lord Oliver and De kere . Oliver 's troops have set up small catapult and primitive cannon atop the battlement . the professor because he be not confine by a fortress , the enemy be able to build larger catapult , catapult with the range to hit you , while you be unable to hit he with you small catapult . the Professor nod to one of Oliver 's troops who stick a huge metal arrow into a cannon and light it . boom . there be a puff of black smoke and the arrow shoot out -- travel only about halfway to arnaut 's line . the professor you cannon be , likewise , impotent because you gunpowder do not explode with sufficient force . Marek look at Lady clairé who be still chain up near Lord Oliver . they eye meet .... the professor my powder be in that cannon . and on the tip -- the Professor take a heavy metal arrow , dip the tip in a gooey mixture . lord oliver ( excited ) be it Greek Fire ? the professor no , my lord . better . the fire of athenaios of naukratis , which ds call '' automatic fire . '' lord oliver ( suspicious ) be that so ? . show I . the Professor light he cannon . for '' 10/25/00 100 . boom ! a much louder explosion . dense black smoke . the arrow explode out of the cannon and travel twice the distance of Oliver 's arrow . it land just ten foot from one of arnaut 's catapult . lord oliver be that all ? where be the fire ? just then , the arrow burst into a cirele of fire , spitting blob of flame in all direction . arnaut 's catapult catch fire . lord oliver a-ha ! yes ! in the distance we see arnaut 's man run for water . the professor my Lord , that 's not all . Oliver look at he , confuse . the Professor point out at the catapult . arnaut 's man arrive with bucket of water and begin dousing the flame . only the water do nothing to quench the fire . Rather it seem to it . with each new dousing the flame leap higher . arnaut 's man step back , confuse . in the end they just watch helplessly as the catapult burn to the ground ... . . lord oliver by God ! '' I must have a quantity of this . how many man do you require to make enough for every cannon ? the Professor look around at the soldier on the battlement . the more soldier he can tie up , the easier it will be for arnaut to take the castle . the professor twenty will do . but fifty would be better . the present -- int . hallway -- itc corporation doniger and the Chief technologist talk in hushed tone in a hallway off from the control room where stern remain . 10/25/00 ici. 5 doniger C ) think , Paul . think about you future . oe the wormhole be close . that 's what we have to £ix . chief technologist it 's murder . you be talk about murder ! doniger it 's not murder . somebody fall off a boat and start drown , you do not have to dive in after they -- chief technologist what be you talk about ? doniger I be say the law do not obligate you to rescue -- chief technologist I do not care about the law . it 's -- we can not just leave they there ! _ doniger Paul -- get a arip on yourself ! if this guy come back -- people die D back there . fuck -- if they get ~ injure , anything serious , they could come back with serious transcription error . they could come back like | that fuck cat ! do you know what that would mean for we ? for you and for I ? the Chief technologist rub he face . he feel like he head be in a vice . doniger keep work he . | doniger you have 7 million stock option in itc , Paul . you could be worth eight or nine-hundred million dollar in one | day when we go public . or you could go to jail , without a cent , disgrace . CUT to : int . / ext . monastery -- the cloister -- night arnaut , Chris , kate , the abbot , and arnaut 's aide - de-camp . o 10/25/00 102. lord arnaut you say you must search for this passageway yourself . if you do not know its location , than how do you know it exist ? CHRIS we master , the scholar Edward de johne , know of its existence from document he have examine . arnaut consider they claim . whoosh ! fump . abbot ahh -- the abbot clutches he belly . a arrow protrude from it . before anybody can react two more arrow whoosh by . it 's dark here , so we can not see the arrow till the last second . they seem to come out of nowhere -- everyone hit the deck . the aide - de-camp call out in french . int . monastery -- night a group of guard who have accompany arnaut hear the aide - de - camp scream for they . they draw sword and go run . ext . roof of monastery -- night a English assassin , clad in black , fire off a arrow . another assassin skirt across the roof behind he comrade and take up a fire position nearby . int. / ext . monastery -- cloister -- night arnaut pull the abbot behind a column of the arcade . the abbot. be bleed profusely . abbot ( in french , subtitle ) to attack a place of God , the property of the Church ; do Oliver know no limit ? o '' 10/25/00 103. lord arnaut Rest , my friend . and know that Oliver will die tonight . by my sword . we hear yell all around . in English . in french . sword have start to clang . several french knight run up to aide arnaut . flame leap from a nearby room . lord arnaut this be a trap you laid . kate no , my Lord . we wish only to help you . lord arnaut you be English . why should you help a frenchman ? abbot ( in french , subtitle ) they be irish . there 's a big difference , believe I . arnaut turn to look at the abbot . he be be attend to by several monk . lord arnaut ( to Chris and kate ) I will give you fifteen minute to find the passageway . if you cannot I will know that you be English spy . ( switch to french ) Thierry , take two man and guard they . . cur to : int . / ext . armory -- LA roque fortress -- night it be locate atop the keep , the strongest part of the castle , the final refuge . dozen of soldier grind and mix powder on the floor of the armory under the supervision of Marek and the Professor . Marek look through a narrow ' arrow - loop * window out at the battlement -- out at Lady Claire , who be still chain to a wall near arnaut . 10/25/00 104 . from across the room , De kere spot Marek look out at Claire . crunch ! a fly boulder slam into the wall of the keep . the armory shudder . professor johnston ( to De kere ) if one of that hit the roof -- if it 's on fire this . whole place will go up . do kere then you better work fast . the present -- int . hallway -- outside control room the Chief technologist look into the control room through glass panel . he watch doniger speak to stern . doniger be obviously reassure stern . manipulate he . lying to he face . CUT to : int . monastery -- night kate and Chris crouch with one of the monk . she be examine diagram of the monastery . arnaut 's knight , Thierry , and two other be nearby . kate Fifteen minute . Jesus . what we dig up -- the monastery be rebuilt five : or six time since this period . it : be burn to the ground -- Chris and kate notice the flame leaping from several window . | they be now part of that history . kate look back at the diagram ... kate all right , so what ? I can do this ... find she hand as it reach out and clasp Chris 's . squeeze it tight as if for reassurance . just then a English knight crash into the room , swinging a : morning star . Thierry and the other french knight rush to meet } he . cy 10/25/00 CUT to : the present -- int . hallway -- outside control room the Chief technologist be still paralyze with indecision . he stare in at doniger and stern . CUT to : int . armory -- LA roque fortress -- night Marek be look out at Lady Claire . De kere come up behind he . do .kere damn good - look , be not she ? Marek square himself as if to strike De kere . De kere draw he sword . do kere do not be stupid , Andre . the present -- int . hallway -- outside control room a technician rush by the Chief technologist carry a high - tech piece of equipment . . technician '' we be almost there on the driver , Paul . about five minute . you should start re-initializing the system . the Chief technologists nod . he 's in hell right now , try to make this decision ... CUT to : ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- night Oliver look out at a patch of forest . flame and smoke rise from the other side of it . De kere stand with he . oliver it appear that the monastery be in flame . do kere indeed it do ... the two man smile thinly . 105 . 10/25/00 106 . CUT to : ext . monastery -- night several building be in flame . but the fight seem to have end . dozen of arnaut 's knight mill around on horseback . Dead man lie in various position on the ground . the aide - de-camp rush up to arnaut who sit astride he white horse speak to one of he knight . he say something in french to he master . arnaut look surprised . excite . the aide - de-camp motion and arnaut follow he . cuut to : ext . monastery graveyard -- night kate and Chris stand near a crypt . the graveyard be right at the edge of the monastery live quarter . kate I believe the passageway run under the ground here . that would mean the my entrance be through here ... she point at the crypt . ' the inscription chisele into the stone be for a monk who die eighty year ago in the 1200s . CUT to : int . armory -- LA roque fortress -- night mixing gunpowder , etc . Marek eye he countdown clock . it read 29 minute . marek ( quietly to the Professor ) Marek and the Professor supervise more than twenty soldier | we have get under a half hour . | the Professor look at he . black screen we hear a scraping sound . Metal against stone . then stone x against stone . . i 10/25/00 107 . and then flicker light ... the camera be inside a dark passageway . as the stone panel cover it be remove we see a torch flame . the flicker light illuminate arnaut and several of he knight . int . crypt -- night arnaut look into a long , dark , underground passageway . Stone arch every few foot . Wood beam to support the roof . arnaut turn and we see the smile on he face . he nod respectfully at kate and Chris . then he turn to he knight . and he 's all business . he bark out order in rapid-fire french . CUT to : ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- night Soldiers scurry along the parapet . sudden activity -- lord oliver prepare for battle ! prepare for battle ! the french advance ! fire burn in several location around La roque . the wall have be batter in dozen of place by arnaut 's catapult . out on the plateau to the west of the castle hundred of man move forward . Knights on horseback , archer , foot - soldier with ten foot long pole arm .... lord oliver archer to position ! dozen of English archer rush to arrow - loop and other cover position . out on the plateau , arnaut 's troops continue to advance . the catapult move behind the man . still hurl stone . two six - story high siege tower , each cover with leather tarp to resist flame arrow be push forward toward La roque 's wall . it be a amazing sight -- a spectacle of approach death ... do kere look -- o 10/25/00 108. De kere point at a man on a white horse at the front line -- it 's arnaut . lord oliver so , the pig survive we assassin . well , we shall bleed he on the wall of La roque then . ( beat ) engage ! all hell break loose as Oliver 's archer , with superior arrow range due to they height on the castle wall , fire they first salvo . hundred of flame arrow course through the night sky . ext . plateau outside LA roque -- night the arrow streak down at arnaut 's army . shield be raise in near unison . thunk -thunk -- thunk -thunk -thunk arrow slam into shield ... but we hear scream and grunt too . some of the long , point arrow head go right through the shield and into the man beneath they . Men fall . flame erupt . arnaut -- atop he white stallion -- yell out something in french and he man respond by rush forward toward the castle wall . now the french archer can range the English and they let loose a torrent of arrow toward the castle . they accuracy ( like the English archer ) be stun . Men behind cover position on the battlement get hit -- even with just . a tiny part of they body expose . a English soldier fall off the wall . he scream as he fall the six . storey into the moat -- and be impale on a row of spike which emerge from the murky water .... now Oliver 's archer fire they second salvo . it be a strangely order process of mass kill . one side fire . . then the other . then the other . a hundred arrow rain down atop the french . and the height advantage of the English archer make a big difference . they arrow fly down , with the help of gravity , at a much higher '' velocity than the french arrow fly up . 10/25/00 109 . a tap -dance of arrow thunking into shield . scream . a dozen man drop ... then Oliver let loose with he cannon . boom - boom - boom . the ground outside La roque be on fire in a dozen place . arnaut ' 's force be get decimate . : atop the battlement Oliver scream with glee . then he turn to De kere . lord oliver the fire of athenaios , bring it now and we will finish the pig off before he even reach the wall ! int . secret passageway a stream of french knight rush through the secret passageway , head to the rescue . right behind they be Chris and kate . the man-made tunnel give way to a narrow cave . stalactites protrude from the ceiling . CUT to : ext . armory -- LA roque fortress -- night Marek and the Professor hand bowl of gunpowder and Greek Fire to Oliver 's soldier , who carry it along the parapet to the cannon master . when they have a brief moment out of earshot of the soldier the Professor and Marek look at each other . and they look worried .... marek ( check he countdown clock ) twelve minute . professor johnston we will be lucky if we be alive twelve minute from now . when Oliver realize that we do the bait and | switch with he -- that we give hima bunch of inert mud ... int . secret passageway the french knight swear loudly ( in french ) . a pile of boulder and crush rock block they way -- 10/25/00 110 . angle on kate and Chris . they worry - line face . they look at each other . Chris check he countdown clock . i_minute 35 second . 34 ... 33 ... ext . armory -- LA roque fortress -- night Marek watch as a soldier run ‘up a stone staircase toward the battlement . he be carry i i Marek look over at Lady Claire , chain up a few foot away from Lord Oliver . ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- night Lord Oliver lean in toward Lady Claire as he speak to she . his eye full of hatred and triumph . lord oliver imagine how demoralize it will be for you brother to see you there -~- hang from the battlement , suffocating slowly ... Lady Claire look back at he impassive , .strong .... De kere take the noose and put it over she head . — ext . armory -- night Marek see what 's happen . his breath start come fast . what can he do ? how do he stop this ? he look along the parapet walk , the only way out of the armory . four soldier stand there to prevent he escape . he look back at Lady Claire . he hand be tie behind she back . the noose be around she neck . now a soldier be tie the other end of the rope to a iron ring on the parapet . ext . battlement -- night Lord Oliver and Lady Claire . a 10/25/00 lili . lord oliver the trick be to avoid jerk the rope . you see , that snap the prisoner 's neck . death come quickly then . but if you avoid do that ... well ... I have personally see people live for close to a hour ... choke slowly ... they eye bulg further and further out of they socket ... ext . armory -- night Marek be go crazy as he watch : De kere grab Lady Claire . tries to pick she up and slide she over the battlement .... but Lady Claire fight he . wriggles from he grasp . Marek look around frantically . his eye fall upon a torch which sit just outside one of the armory 's window . ( a translucent pig 's bladder be stretch across the window to avoid any ember from make they way into the armory . ) Marek yell out at the top of he lung : marek Oliver ! Oliver turn to see who be call he . scream at he in such a disrespectful manner . ext . battlement -- night Oliver see Marek . just outside the armory . Marek be hold a torch . with the flick of he wrist he could destroy the armory . Lady Claire look at Marek . watch he . ext . armory -- night Marek stand there , hold the torch . the four guard approach with they sword out . : marek no further ! the guard stop as Marek threaten to toss the torch . CuT to : 10/25/00 1212 . int . secret passageway Chris and kate aid the french knight in remove the last of the boulder that block they way . the group rush forward into another cave . ext . armory -- night everyone be dead still . the guard . marek. Oliver . the professor what now ? marek I do not know . now one person start to move . De kere . he walk toward the armory . his eye black . he draw he sword . then he look at it and put it away ... he whistle to a page -- who bring he huge dual - blade battle ax . it be identical to the one Chris and Marek dig up at the beginning of the story .... marek shit ... the professor he 's call you bluff , Andre ... a beat ... marek I be not bluff ... Marek toss the torch into the armory . Oliver can not believe it . his go wide . neither can De kere or the soldier . or the professor . the professor Andre ! marek here ! get down ! Marek push the professor down right underneath the window cover with the pig bladder . 5 10/25/00 113. the professor Andre !!! ka=-boooomi lit the armory explode with a ferocious explosion ... the shingle roof burst into the sky . Wood beam go fly . and stone shower the courtyard . section of wall collapse ... find Marek and the Professor -- the explosion shoot out the window that they be crouching beneath ... the overpressure escape through the window prevent the wall from collapse on top of they ... debris rain down on top of they , shingles , wood , chip of stone .... the force of the explosion knock De kere and Oliver off they foot . CUT to : ext . plateau outside of LA roque fortress -- night the french army see the massive explosion from inside the castle wall . they erupt in cheer . CuT to : ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- night the English soldier be in disarray -- still pick themselves up off the ground after the massive armory blast . suddenly -- a lowd bell begin clanging -- soldier' voice breach ! breach ! breach ! Oliver spin to see french knight pour into the courtvard of we quickly track back past the emerge french knight to reveal that they be enter the castle from the fire place in the great hall ( where the secret passageway end ) . . at the rear of the line of twenty knight , Chris and kate emerge } hb the firep ] : . Oliver can not believe he eye . but bad be about to go to worse for Oliver : 10/25/00 114 . ext . plateau outside of LA roque fortress -- night arnaut see that Oliver 's soldier be rapidly thinning out along the battlement ( as they be go to fight the french knight who enter through the secret passageway ) . the french leader shout out a command to he soldier . it be repeat all down the line . the six -story belfry ( scale tower ) be push to the edge of the moat , and soldier inside prepare to lower a bridge to the battlement . other soldier slog through the moat with high scale ladder . CUT to : ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- night Oliver rush down toward the battle in the courtyard , leave ire , hand tie behind she back , noose still around she . neck , lie on the parapet in the company of a single soldier . suddenly : soldier' voice scale ! scale ! scale ! South wall ! the french be scale ! liver turn and look up at the battlement in horror -- there be hardly any soldier still on the wall . then he look back down at the courtyard to see he soldier ( footmen and archer ) get slaughter by the fully - armored french knight . he swear loudly then point up at Lady Claire . , lord oliver ( shouting to he . soldier ) kill she now ! kill she ! the soldier draw he sword -- -- just as another sword pop through he stomach . the soldier look down at the bloody sword tip . it pop back in . he drop to the ground dead . behind he be Marek ..- 10/25/00 115. marek Claire ... lady claire sweet knight ... the present -- int . hallway / int . control room the Chief technologist take a deep breath and enter the control room . he go to he computer . he type in some command . we see the word '' protocol for @isable system '' appear on the screen . CUT to : ext . courtyard -- LA roque fortress -- night kate and Chris enter the courtyard behind a phalanx of french knight . the battle rage everywhere around they . kate there he be . Professor ! Professor johnston be crouching down behind a pile of fall stone . he see they . CUT to : { the present -- int . hallway -- outside control room the technician at the other computer notice a quick uptick on he graph -- which become four distinct peak ... technician field buck ! stern they be go to make it ? doniger it 's a probability . but it look pretty good . technician look like four peak . that mean four people come back . doniger shoot a surreptitious glance at the Chief technologist , as if to steady he . 10/25/00 116. the Chief technologist stare down at he screen . it read '' protocol for disable system -- execute ... '' he look at it . stare at it ... '' then he hand reach out and he click on the '' stop button '' on the screen . chief technologist I can not do it , Bob . stern do what ? chief technologist he ask I to disable the system . to leave you friend there . ! stern turn to doniger ... stern you son of a bitch . and with that stern punch doniger in the face . and , for a egghead , it 's a damn good punch . doniger drop . L ) transit room floor technician ( v.0 . ) Control room -- driver operational . you be go to restart the machine . the Chief technologist 's screen read *re-initializing ... system start-up ... '' doniger pick himself up off the ground . stern get out ! doniger ! . it 's my goddamn company ! stern , with the help of the Chief technologist shove doniger out into the hallway . they shut the door behind he . in the hallway we can see doniger type a code into the door-lock keypad . nothing happen . chief technologist I change the code , bob. forget it . LA roque battle -- night , the bridge from a french siege tower slam down atop the La roque ka battlement . the first man out be arnaut . five knight be behind he . 10/25/00 ext . parapet -- night Chris and kate crouch down with the Professor . kate look at she countdown clock . kate we have get four minute till the marker expire ! we have to get to open space , right now ! CHRIS where ' 's Marek ? the Professor point to -- ext . battlement -- night Marek and De kere face each other from about ten pace . no one else be near they , except Lady Claire , who be behind Marek . De kere heft he battle ax . Marek draw he sword . ext . parapet -- night _ CHRIS Jesus . kate even if we can get Andre , how do get outside the wall fast enough ? the draw bridge be up . the battle rage in the courtyard . and along the various parapet and walkway along the high castle wall . CHRIS that 's how we get out . Chris point at the siege tower lean against the south wall , french troops be pour in through it . . int . castle hallway -- night Oliver rush through it follow by a page . 10/25/00 118. ext . battlement -- night De kere swing the ax . Marek step back . De kere charge , swinging again . Marek parry with he sword . but the ax be so much heavier , and have such momentum that it almost knock the sword right out of Marek 's hand . int . castle hallway -- night Oliver throw open a heavy oak door ... to find arnaut on the other side of it ... arnaut I have often hear that the English nobility have not the courage to stand and fight . Oliver draw he sword instantly and run at arnaut . oliver I have hear the same about 's the french and much worse -- clang ! clang-clang ! + oliver be it true that french boy nurse until the age of ten ? ext . parapet -- night Chris lead kate and the Professor up toward the south wall battlement , where the siege tower be locate . they escape route . ext . battlement -- night De kere slice the air with the ax . clang . Marek block it . with he sword , but the ax slide down the blade of the sword and slice into Marek 's arm . he jump back . blood cover he sleeve . the present -- int . control room -- itc corporation a technician look at he computer graph . technician damn it . chief technologist ) what ? 10/25/00 119 . C ) technician I the field buck -- we just lose one of the peak ... stern which mean -- chief technologist it be only probability , but -- stern only three be go to make it back . int . castle hallway -- night Oliver and arnaut clash in a spiral staircase . arnaut swing hard . Oliver parry , but lose he foot and fall . he tumble down the stair . ext . battlement -- night thing be go much worse for Marek . bleed from he right arm , he be have trouble hold he sword with the intense grip he need to parry the tremendous momentum of De kere 's double - blade ax . oq De kere swing the ax down hard . Marek put he sword up . clang ! and Marek 's sword go fly ... it clatter along the stone walkway and fall off the edae ... _ angle on Lady Claire 's face -- devastate ... Chris , kate , and the Professor climb up to the parapet to see that the french siege tower have catch fire . kate shove Chris , hard . he fall . a arrow whizze over he head . the group duck for cover . Three English archer be hole up atop a nearby guard tower . they turn they attention from Chris and kate back to the french siege tower . but before they can get another volley of arrow off french soldier scale the guard tower and strike they down . ext . south wall -- night | ! CHRIS ( be : countdown clock ) Three minute . we have to make a decision right now ! nat or 10/25/00 120. Chris look at the siege tower . then at Marek . he wave for they to leave . . marek go ! you be almost out of time . go ! kate we can not leave you here ! marek go! ext . battlement -- night De kere swing he ax back and forth , force Marek back against a wall . Marek look over the edge . the moat be six storey beneath he , and fill with spike . he look at Lady Claire , whose arm be still tie behind she back . De kere smile . then bring the ax over he head -- no , he do not impale himself in the back like Chris have joke ... he bring the ax down with incredible force . Marek try to roll out of the way -- thunk ! ahhhhh ! ext . south wall -- night near the french siege tower . Chris , kate , and the Professor be look over at Marek -- 50 foot away on another wall . kate oh , Jesus -- she can not look . she close she eye . but we focus in on the Professor . on he eye ...- suddenly the look of horror in he eye be replace by a sense of wonder ... professor johnston my God -- ext . battlement -- night Marek 's hand be against he head . blood be everywhere . but he be not dead . he 's still move ... and when he remove he hand we see that he be miss he ear ... 10/25/00 121. _ ) Marek look up . and the look in he eye be like nothing we have ever see ... for he remember ' '' bui '' , the knight with the miss ear , the knight who marry ' Lady Claire .... De kere look at he , try to figure out where Marek 's sudden confidence be come from ... it rattles he ... De kere swing . thunk ! Marek dive out of the way , pull De kere off balance as he do . De kere fall . he roll over and pull out he sword . Marek spring up and grab the ax . ina single fluid motion he swing it with all he weight at De kere -- who be get up off the ground -- thump ! we hear the sound . but we do not see it . blood splatter ... then we see De kere 's headless body collapse on the ground . a beat ... kate ( 0.s. ) Andre ! he turn toward Chris , kate , and the Professor . o kate come on ! you can make it ! we have get two minute ! marek _ I be stay . kate Andre ! | marek Professor -- : professor johnston I know . ( to kate ) come on . he belong here . kate what ! professor johnston I all explain . come on ! we be almost out of time . sixty - five second ! let 's go ! od 10/25/00 122. Marek wave to they as they go toward the siege tower . the flame have now die out . and the tower , have serve it 's purpose for the french , be now abandon . the present -- int . control room -- itc corporation technician the amplitude be get bigger . they be definitely on they way back . stern ( suddenly freak ) what the hell be he do ?! stern be look down at doniger , who have re-emerge in the transit room below . he wi i i one of the landing platform suddenly go dark . there be four more power up . stern be already through the door and racing down the metal step that lead directly from the control room to the transit room . int . great hall -- night Lord arnaut have he sword at Lord Oliver 's throat . lord arnaut do you beg mercy ? lord oliver I will never beg mercy from you , you french pig . arnaut thrust he sword into Oliver ' 's chest . lord arnaut then you may die in the name of France . ext . siege tower -- night Chris , kate , and the Professor clamber out the bottom of the siege tower and onto the ground . i second ... 26 ...25 ... 24 ... i . it be illuminate only by moonlight , and the flicker fire in the castle behind they . the present -- int . transit room -- itc corporation stern rush toward doniger . '' 10/25/00 doniger do not ! as doniger say it he pull out a pistol . ext . plateau in front of LA roque fortress -- night Chris , kate , and the Professor rush toward open space . dt second . ..6...5...4..- 3...2.6 % CHRIS now ! now ! now ! Chris and kate hit they marker . they time machine slide into view . ext . battlement -- LA roque fortress -- night Marek cut rope bind Lady Claire 's hand . just as he do he look out to see a flash of blind white ight cut through the blackness of knight . he look out at the night , then turn back to Claire ... the present -- int . transit room -- itc corporation doniger hold the gun on stern in the transit room . doniger get out of my way . stern stare at he , dumbfounded ... chief technologist be you crazy ? stern look doniger in the eye . then start move toward he slowly , deliberately . stern give I the gun . you do not want to do this , Dr. doniger . . bang ! a gunshot ring out . stern clutches he chest . chief technologist Bob ! doniger turn the gun at the Chief technologist ... 10/25/00 124. but before he can get a shot off , stern dive into doniger , knock he to the floor . stern , blood ooze from he chest , wrestle with doniger , hold he down . the chief technologist jump into the fray . the struggle for several second before doniger manage to break free . but he trip as he do and fall into the grenade - damage time machine baretto return in . doniger aim he gun at the Chief technologist . but he 's not quick enough -- stern have already press the override button on the side of baretto 's machine . with a blinding flash and a sucking roar . the time machine activate . doniger scream as he be shrink down toward the floor . when he 's go , stern turn to the Chief technologist . stern be he come back ? chief technologist if he do ... that machine be break .... the transcription error would .... the Chief technologist shudder at the think . a itc technician rush out to stern . technician * Dr. stern -- there 's a ambulance on the way , stern look down at the wound . it hit he at the very side of he torso . stern I guess I would be dead already if it hit anything too vital . now suddenly there be three quick flash . chief technologist you friend ... and speck on the floor grow rapidly until we can see Chris , kate , and the Professor . full size . they be filthy , spatter in dirt and mud , nick and cut all over they body . they clothes be tatter . and they look absolutely exhaust . on the verge of collapse . and they be in serious fuck pain from the time travel ... '' fa o cau 10/25/00 125 . Chris step out of he time machine . turn to kate and the Professor . CHRIS ( fight the pain ) I do not know about you guy , but that 's the last field trip I be go to be take for a while ... kate and the Professor can not help but chuckle . stern smile . then there be another flash ... on the pad doniger leave from moment ago . everyone turn to look at it : a shape grow quickly ... it take a moment for we to realize it 's a person . it 's doniger -- horribly deform -- hideous - - Dead . eye close . people can not look . present day -- ext . dordogne valley -- FRANCE -- day Chris , kate , the Professor , and stern enter a fourteenth century abbey . in the distance a half - mile away down the hill we can see they original dig site ... int . abbey -- day the group look at a stone tablet in the floor of the church . the inscription , in french , indicate '' Lord and Lady bujold 's we catch a few snippet from a modern historical interest placard ( in English ) near the grave stone : '' ... both die on the same day .... widely respected during they long life by commoner and noble alike ..... five son who go on to prominence .... patron of the art who assist a truly astounding list of early renaissance artist ... " : . : stern do you think he be happy ? the Professor laugh . Chris and kate smile . know smile . professor johnston I '' sure of it ... ( beat ) speak of which ... vy 10/25/00 126. the Professor have a glint in he eye as he turn to kate . he look she in the eye . then he look at Chris . then back at kate ... - and it 's clear that he know exactly what 's be go on between this two and he think it 's just fine . , caught totally off guard , kate turn crimson . so do Chris . the professor break into a smile , quite pleased with himself for busting they like this . . at the same moment , Chris and kate start stammer out a explanation -- and we -- . CUT to black .