tin cup written by JOHN norville and ron shelton December 1995 draft for educational purpose only 1 . tinny cheatin ' heart music , the dull groan of a tractor , cricket chirpin ' love song , sporadic zap from bug light , and a occasional random thwock as we -- fade in : 1 ext . TEXAS - dramatic angle - sunset 1 out west where the sun descend gloriously over desolate mountain . a sense of timeless and incorruptible beauty if you ignore the twang of the music , the sputter of the tractor , the zap , the thwacks ... and something else ... ... men' voice . garrulous with drink , fraternity and amusement . we pan down to : 2 ext . drive range - late day 2 a man , jose , be on the roof , wrestle with a rickety satellite dish , string wire , try to get it to work . ( we get glimpsis of he throughout the scene as he struggle with what be assuredly a pirate operation . ) four of six floodlight nail to the roof cast pool of yellow into the gather darkness . roy " tin cup " mcavoy stand under the swarm of moth crowd the brightest light , hit golf ball . thwock ...! launch they , really , into the deepen night . there 's a beer between he leg . behind he : a group of man form a semicircle , face away from tin Cup . this man be the range regular : curt , clint , earl , and dewey . each man have money in one hand and he prefer libation in the other . they be all look back and forth between the bug light hang on the back wall , and mutter what sound like bet to : romeo posar -- a smaller man , he stand at the center of the group with a handful of cash . Romeo be a part-time bookie and full - time drive range man . bear across the river in Mexico , Romeo be tin Cup 's caddie , confidante , best friend . romeo okay , all bet be down ! they eye rivet on the bug light , edgy , hopeful , until ... zap ! a bug be electrocuted . and dewey cheer triumphantly while the other regular mutter curse about how they woulda , coulda , shoulda bet . 2 . romeo number one be the winner ! dewey have the winner . pay five to two ! Romeo quickly pay dewey and more quickly take money from the loser . it 's fast - pace , inane , time - kill gambling . tin Cup look over . tin cup do not you shitheel ever get bored ? the regular flap dismissive palm and mutter in the negative as they turn back to Romeo and the action at the bug light . tin cup ... ' cuz I get a riddle . tin Cup lead the regular inside . CUT to : a3 int . drive range - late day a3 tin Cup hold court . tin cup take about two ounce of brain to figure it out . anyone think they get a brain with two ounce of brain in it ? the regular silently look at each other , reluctant to reveal the heft of they brain . tin cup for chrissake , boy ! a little self - confidence from the player ' gallery . we be not talk long division . earl ( timidly ) how much we gotta lose ? tin cup you want to live thing up , Earl ? that 's a hell of a idea . say everyone put in twenty buck and the pot go to whoever solve the riddle . dewey you go to get the riddle , tin Cup ? 3 . tin cup ( patiently ) dewey . I be the one ask the riddle . I already know the answer . I do not getta guess . although ... we could say if I get to five hundred bounce and no one get the riddle , I get the pot . and I know what you be think . it 's a impossible riddle . well , it 's not . it 's a easy riddle . and if somehow by the grace of fluke luck I win , and you all do not agree it be a easy riddle , hell , I will refund you money . earl , clint &amp ; all I be in ... we be in ... Count we in ... etc ... tin cup okay , a man 's drive down the road with he son and they get in a crash . two ambulance come and take the man and he son to different hospital . Son go into the operate room , the doctor look at he and say , ' I can not operate on this boy . he 's my son . ' how 's that possible ? ( beat ) the clock 's tick boy ... tin Cup begin bounce a ball on the face of he wedge . earl Father do not sneak back in , right ? he 's still at the other hospital ? tin cup it be not ' Star Trek , ' Earl . no one beam he aboard . that eliminate the most plausible theory in they mind . the man think harder . earl well ... if the father marry the son 's daughter -- tin cup it 's a family riddle , Earl . think clean thought . 4 . the regular puzzle some more . clint give we a little hint . molly ( o.s. ) the doctor 's a woman . all head turn to take in the arrival of : 3 molly griswold 3 stand just inside the door -- she 's a fresh - face beauty in she early thirty , and she 's get all new everything the sport of golf require : new bag , new club , new shoe , new clothes , new visor ... she look like she step out of a ad in golf digest . and all the man be ask themselves the same question : what 's she do here ? the silence invite Molly to supply the riddle 's answer . molly the doctor be the son 's mother . feminist pose the riddle to reveal how deeply we sexual stereotype run . ( directly to tin Cup ) I take it you be a feminist ? tin Cup miss the ball he 's be bounce , break the spell . the regular wait for tin Cup 's response . tin cup ma'am , I have be call a lot of thing -- but no one 's ever saddle I with that one . molly you might try be saddle sometime -- the smell of leather , the sting of a whip ... the regular snicker , enjoy she one- upmanship . tin cup ( slightly take aback ) I be just a humble golf pro ... molly you be Roy mcavoy the golf pro ? I picture something ... different . I have a seven o'clock lesson . tin cup I think I have a Doctor griswold 5 . at seven . they hurry out to the range , tin Cup oblivious to he gaffe . and the regular gather to look out the window -- 4 there Pov - through window 4 to the range , where Molly be stretch and tin Cup be discreetly wave to the regular to get lose . CUT to : 5 ext . drive range - night 5 the lesson begin . tin Cup can be slightly condescending in this situation , though she 's get he a little wary . tin cup the first thing you gotta learn about this game , Doc , be it be not about hit a little white ball into some yonder hole . it 's about inner demon and self - doubt and human frailty and overcome all that crap . so ... what kinda doctor would you say you be ? molly I be a psychologist -- in layman 's term call I a neo-Jungian , post - modern freudian , holistic secularist . tin cup damn . she begin unpack one of she bag , pull out every golf gimmick on the market -- swing aid strap to pull you elbow together , a ball pendulum that hang from you hat , a metal contraption for you foot , etc . molly Inner demon and human frailty be my life 's work . I use to practice in El paso but I have move here now ... tin cup what be that ? molly I order this from the golf Channel . 6 . he stare in disbelief as she try to wriggle into some of this stuff . he 's enchant and dismay . tin cup that stuff 's a waste of money . molly I be sure there be excess and repetition here , but I believe in the gather of knowledge and I figure , well , there must be some truth about the golf swing illustrate by this device -- and that you would help I sort through it . she stand there with contraption come from every limb . molly I have dozen of golf videotape , too ... and a golf watch . tin cup ( irritate , impatient ) take it off . all of it . now ! you be a smart woman , for chrissake -- do not you know the work of charlatan when you see it ? she deposit all the golf gimmick device in a pile . molly no . I can always tell when someone be lie to himself , but I be quite susceptible and frequently wrong when that person lie to I . ( point to the pile of device ) that stuff cost I over 200 dollar -- tin cup then it 's 200 dollar of shit ... he tee a ball , hand Molly she driver and step back . tin cup go ahead . take a swing . Molly take a pitty - pat swing and whiff , and mutter under she breath with the ease of a longshoreman . 7 . molly aw , fuck ... tin cup well , you talk like a golfer -- Molly unload a mighty second swing . the club head bounce off the mat . the ball sit untouched . molly shit . tin cup ' fuck ...' ' shit ... ' this be highly technical golf term and you be use they on you first lesson -- this be promise . molly awright , wise ass , show I . tin Cup take the club from Molly , motion for she to step back , tee up a ball , and rocket a drive into the night . tin cup something like that . he hand she back the club and tee up another ball . Molly just look at he . molly impressive . y'know , I tend to process thing verbally . can you break down into word how you do that ? tin Cup take a deep breath -- this be he speech . tin cup ' what be the golf swing ? ' -- by Roy mcavoy . ( beat ) the golf swing be a poem . tin cup ( cont 'd ) sometimes a love sonnet and sometimes a homerian epic -- it be organic and of a piece , yet it break down into elegant stanzas and quatrain . the critical open phrase of this song be the grip , in which the hand unite to form a single unit by the simple overlap of the smallest finger ... ( display grip ) ... hold lightly , a conductor 's 8. baton. ( start swing ) lowly and slowly the clubhead be pull back , lead into position not by the hand but the body which turn away from the target , shifting to the right side without shifting balance . tempo be everything , perfection unobtainable , as the body coil , now to the top of the swing , in profound equilibrium . and then a slight hesitation , a nod to the god ... molly a nod to the god ? tin cup to the god , yes ... that he be fallible . as the weight shift back to the leave pull now by power inside the earth -- it 's alive , this swing , a live sculpture -- and down through contact , always down , into terra firma , strike the ball crisply -- with character -- a tuning fork go off in you heart , you ball -- such a pure feel be the well - strike golf shot -- and then the follow through to finish , always on line -- the reverse ' C ' of the Golden bear , the steelworker 's power and brawn of Carl sandburg 's Arnold palmer , the da vinci of hogan , the unfinish symphony of Roy mcavoy . molly what ? what 's unfinish ? tin cup I have a short follow through -- my swing can look unfinish . molly why ? tin cup some say it 's because that 's the best way to play through the wind of West Texas ... and some say it 's because I never finish anything . you can decide . the point be every finish position be unique as if that be the signature leave to the artist , the warrior athlete who , 9. finally and thereby , have assert he oneness with and power over the universe by willing a golf ball to go where he want and how and when , because that be what the golf swing be about ... ( finally ) it be about gain control of you life , and let go at the same time . Molly stare back , exhaust and intrigue . molly jeez Louise ... tin cup there be only one other acceptable theory of how to hit a golf ball . molly I be afraid to ask . what 's the other theory ? tin cup grip it and rip it . molly while I appreciate you poetic sensibility , Mr. mcavoy -- tin cup call I Roy , Molly ... molly call I Dr. griswold ... molly ( cont 'd ) Roy ... but at this point I think I be more of the ' grip it and rip it ' school . Hand I the driver . tin Cup do . she tee it up . tin cup waggle it , Doc , do not forget to waggle . ( as she stare at he ) waggle ... the club head ... ( show she ) ... it 's a little relax ritual ... she waggle the club head , then take the club back . 10 . tin cup let the Big Dog eat ! she stop , let the club fall . molly what Big Dog ? tin cup the driver , the number one wood -- molly it 's metal . tin cup yeah , wood be metal -- do not worry about it -- and the driver 's know as the Big Dog and I be just say to turn he loose , let 'er rip , let the Big Dog eat ! molly oh . she swing . top the ball . it go ten foot . molly this be , without a doubt , the stupidest , silliest , most idiotic grotesquery masquerade as a game that have ever be invent . tin cup ( cheerfully ) yes , mar 'am , that 's why I love it . ( beat ) and if you hit one good shot -- if that tuning fork ring in you loin -- you can not wait to get back . she crack one dead solid perfect out into the night . it feel great and she know it . molly I think the Big Dog eat something . tin cup do the tuning fork ring in you loin ? molly I would not go that far . tin cup always quit on a good shot . we will call that lesson number one ... 11 . ( confidentially ) ... and if ya would not mind pay I in cash -- there 's a little i.r.s. situation I be deal with -- molly if you be such a legendary striker of the golf ball as everyone say , then why be you , at you age , out here in the middle of nowhere operate a barely solvent establishment , ducking the i.r.s. , collect a few pathetic dollar to buy you next sixpack -- when you be capable of so much more ? her speech be deliver without judgement or rancor , so matter of factly that he 's disarm . tin cup perhaps I be chock full of inner demon ? molly no , you be chock full of bullshit -- ( cheerily ) same time next week ? she head off to the parking lot . he stare . tin cup what do you mean I should try ' be saddle ' sometime ? tin cup ( cont 'd ) be you be literal or be that some kind of freudian type deal ? Molly ? Doctor ? ( beat ) what kind of saddle ? close on molly as she walk into the West Texas night . she smile , enjoy tin Cup 's confusion . tin Cup just stare into the night , hold he cash , until jose's voice echoes down from the roof . jose I get it ! esta bien ! the flag be up ! CUT to : 12 . 7 int . drive range shack - night 7 tin Cup enter , cash in hand , as the regular all gather excitedly around the tv monitor now come in . tin cup a class act there , boy -- probably the first actual `lady type ' female ever see on this premise -- romeo shut up , boss -- we get the Corpus christi dog track on the dish -- earl this be yer dead mortal cinch lock bet with do-reen . everyone 's glue to the set . a greyhound race come on from a remote Texas track on the gulf . tin cup free money , boy , what do doreen know about the fine art of Greyhound breeding ? romeo all she know be she like the three dog ' cause he name be pride of odessa ' cause she 's from odessa . tin cup get ready for oddessa-lation , boy . how deep we in ? romeo you give she twenty to one -- earl it 's only fifteen to one on the toteboard -- tin cup yeah , but I get every other dog in the race . I be just get even with doreen -- I be not try to clean she clock . clint so how much you stand to lose ? romeo twelve thousand . 13 . tin cup hundre . romeo thousand . tin cup ( panicky ) hundre . romeo you say to shoot the wad . tin cup I say get even , pod . I do not say shoot the wad . we better see that three dog roll on he ass . all eye on the monitor -- the dog break . earl except ... if he break slow , he will not get cream ... the start box open -- " there goe the rabbit " -- the three dog break slow and trail down the front stretch . regular Three dog 's die , t.c.... easy money ... ( etc . ) the one dog veer wide , go into the escape turn , annihilate the field . dog fly ass over teakettle like bowl pin , and -- regular uh-oh . the three dog clear the pileup , untouched , hugging the rail . it have a ten length lead as it move down the backstretch and past the toteboard . the race be over -- the three dog win . deathly silence . somebody flip off the tv . finally , in a lame attempt to lighten the moment , Romeo speak -- romeo so , Roy , you be say you feel a little flutter for this doctor lady ? tin cup yes , I be say that ... just before I be interrupt by ... bankruptcy -- a development that the ' Doctor Lady , ' as you call she , 14 . will consider utterly predictable . CUT to : 8 ext . golden tassel nightclub - night 8 the marquee advertise : exotic dancers / steak $ 4.00 . the parking lot be full of pickup truck and beer can . tin Cup and Romeo head toward the entrance . romeo we lose everything , boss ! we owe doreen twelve thousand buck ! tin cup I think I be dating too many big-haire blond . romeo they big-haire blond be a lot smarter and we ... ( beat ) ... how we gonna pay she ? tin cup you underestimate I , rome . Romeo do not realize the truth in he own response . romeo it 's a bad habit I pick up from know you so long . turk ( the bouncer ) hey , tin Cup , doreen 's look for ya -- tin cup I be sure she be ... they enter the strip joint . CUT to : 9 int . golden tassel - night 9 a nearly - naked dancer on stage to a lot of whooping cowboy . tin Cup move in this world with ease and something that pass for grace . everyone know he . waitress / stripper hey , tin Cup , have not see ya in three day ! 15 . tin cup busy man , courtenay , busy man -- as they pass the stage , even the nake dancer interrupt she moment with a bunch of guy offer dollar bill -- naked dancer tin Cup ! hi , sweetie ! tin cup hiya , honey -- lookin ' sweet ... and backstage they go , easily wave through by another bouncer . they come up to a dress room door . and knock . a voice from inside . voice ( o.s. ) that better be you , Roy . 10 tin cup and romeo 10 enter this holy of holy with complete familiarity . and there she be -- doreen , 35 , at least , the classic chesty , hippie , big -wigge Texas goddess . she 's older than the other girl , and more experience in every way . she 's smoking a cigarette and finish up the touch on she stripper 's outfit . tin Cup and Romeo stand at she beckone . tin cup doreen ... romeo you be look particularly lovely this evening -- this be nicer than the leopard suit -- doreen cut the horseshit , guy . so ... the one and two dog always run wide and the three dog always break slow , so I figure there 's gonna be a big ol ' pile of fur at the turn and the three dog 's gonna tiptoe around it and walk on home ... I be right . ( smile ) you owe I twelve thousand dollar . romeo we go to pay you . 16 . tin Cup squirm as doreen babbles a bit . doreen I know you be go to pay I . doreen ( cont 'd ) ( admire she own outfit ) y'know I finally get rid of the leopard suit thing -- it be so retro , y'know ... it 's not easy be a post- modern stripper ... ( beat ) so ... twelve big one ? tin Cup finally dig into he coat pocket and produce some official - look papers . he hand they to she . tin cup there . with equity and inventory it 's worth twelve grand ... more or less . doreen lean forward to examine the papers . she look at tin Cup with surprise . doreen this be how you think you can settle up ? by deed I you drive range ? tin cup only on condition you do not sell right away , and I and Romeo keep we job . doreen what in the world would I want with you stupid drive range ? tin cup equity , inventory , cash flow ... not to mention a enhance stature in the community , and prepay membership in the salome chamber of commerce . for a moment , doreen can only stare dumbly at tin Cup , catch off guard by this unexpected turn of fortune . then she start to consider the idea more seriously . doreen what be you labor cost ? ( off no response from tin Cup ) payroll , Roy . what do you pay 17 . you help ? tin cup let 's see ... the tractor kid get five buck a hour . Romeo , he get ten cash -- doreen what do you pay yourself ? tin cup myself ? doreen nod in a way tin Cup find threaten . doreen to hit golf ball all day ... when you be not break for beer or corn dog or to gather the guy and lay bet on which crow fly off the fence next . tin cup you be refer to my managerial salary ? doreen I be refer to every nickel you snatch out of the till and every bag of beer nut you lift from the rack , be what I be refer to . ( beat ) I will say it 's worth ten and you still owe I two . she smile , he sigh . CUT to : 11 ext . pawn shop - morning 11 tin Cup park he big old red cadillac convertible out front . he go around to the trunk , open it , take out he golf club , and carry they into the pawn shop . CUT to : 12 ext . drive range - ridge - parked winnebago - morning 12 tin Cup 's domicile , park near a slow - move river . the red cadillac be park out front next to Romeo 's mercury comet . romeo ( v.o. ) ( with horror , inside 18 . the winnebago ) you hock you golf club ?! a13 int . winnebago - day a13 tin Cup sit on the couch , swigging maalox . tin cup I still get two grand to pay off . and I can not see my new salary of seven buck a hour plus lesson get it do . romeo but you club be you livelihood . tin cup well the hood be not too lively at the moment . a car horn sound from outside . tin cup whoever it be , tell them I be in Houston on business . Romeo open the door , and step outside . romeo David simm ! what you do in town ? Romeo step outside to greet simm . warily . CUT to : 13 ext . winnebago - day 13 Romeo and simm under the awning . a spiffy new car park nearby . david simm , 38 , look every bit like the successful tour pro he be ... Payne Stewart to tin Cup 's maynard G. kreb . simm Romeo ! it 's be awhile . be tin Cup around ? Romeo be evasive . romeo he 's on business in Houston ... you suppose to be out playin ' on the golf tour . 19 . simm ( unfaze ) well , you tell he I be in town for my big charity best - ball tournament , and I get a spot for he when he come back from ... whatever . romeo you get a spot for tin Cup ? I think you hate he . simm Romeo ! you wound I . I be fond of the guy , go way back to we day at University of Houston , when we win all that title together . romeo he say he carry you on he back . simm will not be draw into this adolescent competition -- he 's too comfortable with himself and he success . simm I do not have much craft back then -- just a little native ability . Roy 's a great ball - striker .... romeo why you here ? simm I want to win my own tournament , and he can help I if we can manage to behave like grownup together . tell he that . tin Cup suddenly appear in the doorway . tin cup what 's the catch ? simm there be no catch . I put together a tournament with a elite field and a half - million dollar purse , and I be tired of see all the money head out of town . tin cup then make more birdy . 20 . simm I need you on my team . tin cup you be not that friendly a guy ... simm we be play cottonwood where you once shot fifty - nine , where you can shoot sixty - five in you sleep ' cuz you know every bump on every fairway , every subtle break on every green -- tin cup ( warily ) you a ' I -- simm I a ' you -- like the old day . tin Cup can not quite believe this offer from he old nemesis but there be not many option out there . he grab simm 's hand and start pump it , gush with enthusiasm . tin cup ... well , put 'er there , partner ! this two homeboy be gonna show the world what golf in West Texas be all about ! simm no , Roy . I do not mean I want you to play with I . I just want you to caddie for I , read my putt , club I , that kinda stuff . tin Cup wilt like a time - lapsing daisy . his hand fall free of simm 's . word fail he . romeo you son of a bitch . tin cup ( to himself , blankly ) caddie ? I ? simm I can not bring a guy in off the street to play in my tournament . it 's a big-time event , corporate sponsor , thirty dollar ticket ... I get a network to cover -- romeo ( interrupt , 21. outrage ) this guy off the street , he could kick you ass on that golf course . like he kick you ass in junior golf . like he kick you ass in college . like -- simm I will pay you a hundred for the loop , five percent of any earning -- romeo get the hell outta here ! take you goddamn color coordinate corporate sponsor soul and get outta here . simm okay , okay , just think I would offer you some work ... simm head to he car . tin cup simm ! simm ( stop ) what ? tin cup I will take the job . romeo we will take the job . simm nod in agreement , and exit . tin Cup stand there with Romeo , feel humiliate . Pov shot - simm drive away down the road . tin cup ( o.s. ) that man stand for everything I hate in life . romeo ( o.s. ) you mean like ... success ? CUT to : 14 ext . cottonwood golf course charity event - day 14 22 . banner and gallery and concession tent create the atmosphere of a polite circus . a15 ext . cottonwood golf course charity event - 16th GREEN a15 - day billy mayfair putt out on the 16th green to polite applause . b15 ext . cottonwood golf course - 16th tee - day b15 the two twosome tee off and the caddy follow , include tin Cup . 15 ext . cottonwood - 16th fairway - day 15 a leader board read : simm / stadler - 10 , mickelson / mccord - 8. a giant gallery line the fairway and ring the distant green which be fronted by a lake , as : stadler hit a three wood toward the green -- the ball plunk in the middle of the lake . the gallery groans . stadler just shrug to simm , as if to say , " I think I have enough club . " simm like I tell you , it be more and you have in the bag . stadler yeah , well ... I have to go for it after you caddy say he could get home from here . simm swivel he head around to look at tin Cup . tin cup I could . simm look away , at the shot he 's face : a two hundred fifteen yard carry over water . he look back at tin Cup , shaking he head . simm I gotta hand it to you , Roy . for fifteen hole you have seem to grasp the concept here : I be try to win and you job be to help I . 23 . tin cup five percent of you earning do numb the gag reflex . simm give I the seven iron . I be lay up . tin cup you can make that shot . simm the smart play 's to lay up . tin cup this fan do not pay thirty buck to watch a tour star lay up on a short par five . simm I be sit on a two shot lead with three to go , and my partner 's in he pocket . suddenly , par 's a good number . gimme the seven Iron . tin cup no way . you be go for the green . this fan pay good money to see golf shot they can not hit , not golf shot they feel shitty about themselves for have to hit . simm reach for the seven iron . tin Cup clamp a hand over the club . tin cup thirteen year on tour and you be still a pussy . hit the fuck one iron , Dave . simm thirteen year in a drive range and you still think this game 's about you testosterone count . simm remove tin Cup 's hand from the seven iron and grab the club , step up to address the ball . tin Cup mutter to the gallery . tin cup two-fifteen to carry , and the tour star 's lay up . and the remark summon gallery voice suddenly urging simm to go for the green . simm motion for tin Cup , as 24 . if reconsider . simm but if you be gonna editorialize , do it on the other side of the rope . I get no qualm about fire you ass right here , right now . tin cup Fire I ? Hell , I should fire you . simm step back to he ball with the seven iron , and : 16 stadler 's still stand back where he hit the shot into 16 the lake . mickelson and gary mccord , the other team in the pair , be there with he . Romeo , stadler 's caddie , stand just behind they . mccord ( to mickelson ) I know you could knock it on from here , I be just say that caddie 's be drink muddy water if he think he can . romeo he can . all the player look at Romeo as : simm dump he seven iron shot safely down in front of the water to a smatter of polite applause . simm toss the club back to he bag as tin Cup retrieve the divot . and : stadler hey , Dave ! we in a hurry ? simm look several yard back where stadler be still stand with mccord and mickelson . stadler ' Cause I just bet mccord and mickelson that you caddie could knock it on from here . simm we be try to win a tournament , pardo . stadler I know . but I be get five to one . 25 . 17 ext . tv tower 17 the announcer from the golf channel look at the monitor where a hand -held camera be pick up stadler motion tin Cup over . golf channel announcer from two -fifty from a snarly lie , over water , on national tv , with no warmup ... I would give ten to one to a tour pro . 18 back to course 18 stadler , mccord , and mickelson be smile at the bet . this be golf . but simm snarl at be challenge . stadler drop a ball in the rough for tin Cup to hit . stadler here ya go . take a hack at it . simm ball versus brain , Roy . you hit that shot , just keep walk , ' cuz you ass be fire . tin Cup mull over the warning , as : stadler , mccord , mickelson come on , Roy ! you fan be call ! stadler wave he arm to summon a cheer from the gallery . tin Cup put down simm 's golf bag . tin cup how you gonna fire I in front of all this people ? especially when I knock it on the green . and he head over to where stadler and the other stand wait . 19 omitted 19 peter kostis , with a hand mike , follow the group , begin to describe the extraordinary event unfold . kostis ( on mike ) it seem like the Charity tournament be take a little 26 . break for a side bet , here -- Gary mccord move toward the camera and take the microphone . mccord Peter , I have do a little background here -- this unfold disaster 's a drive range pro name Roy mcavoy , who everyone call tin Cup . local claim he he be a pretty good college lick and knock around the mini-tour ... 20 tin Cup step up to hit the shot . mccord lower he 20 voice . mccord ... but I guarantee you , he 's about to suffer brain arrest . he 's think about the camera and the gallery and the water , and all that gray matter between he ear be turn to goo ... and incidentally , stadler 's get it book at ten to one ... tin Cup swing , and : 21 the camera pick up the ball arching high and true off 21 the club . it land on the green . the crowd roar ... and the roar become deafen as the ball roll three foot from the pin . kostis and mccord he 's not that good ... he 's definitely not that good ... ( etc . ) 22 back to the course -- a scuffle 's break out . 22 David simm help some guy over the gallery rope . simm walk the guy back to he golf bag ... and now tin Cup understand what 's happen , and : simm take a hike , Roy -- the loop 's over . tin cup you can not fire I . how can you fire I ? I just knock it stiff from two fifty . gimme that bag . tin Cup reach for the bag . the guy hold onto it . they wrestle briefly , as simm sigh with fatigue and look for a marshal . 27 . simm Security ! tin Cup give up wrestle when he see a couple marshal approach . he turn he anger on simm . tin cup what about my money ? simm you just hit the shot that take you out of the money . welcome to life on the tour . tin Cup go after the bag again . the guy still hang on . the marshal arrive , and begin to wrestle with tin Cup . he go berserk ... a wwf battle royal . CUT to : 23 int . drive range bar - close on television - night 23 Sports highlight . introduce " Sports Machine " with George michael ... GEORGE michael ( v.o. ) and finally Sports Machine bring you a bizarre incident ... a brief highlight of tin Cup , go crazy , wrestle with the marshal and replacement caddie . GEORGE michael ( v.o. ) driving range pro , Roy ` tin Cup ' mcavoy ... male laughter greet the shot , and : earl ( o.s. ) hey , tin Cup ! you make the news ! wider the regular crowd under the tv on the wall above the till , hoot at what they just see . tin Cup be nowhere in sight . 24 int . back room - night 24 Romeo scoops ball into wire bucket from the garbage can of water where the ball be wash . tin Cup sit on a bench , alternately swigging cheap whiskey and maalox . 28 . tin cup if I have it all to do over , I would still hit that shot . romeo ( nod with neither rancor nor irony ) the look come over you face , you would bury yourself alive to prove you can handle a shovel . tin Cup look over at Romeo for sign of a imply pejorative . but Romeo 's just wash and scoop ball ... and look badly in need of perspective . tin cup you know why I would still hit that shot ? now Romeo look over ... and he decide that tin Cup be the one in need of perspective . romeo ' cuz it 's the only way you can beat David simm . ' cuz you never get over that he be on tour and you be not . ' cuz you get that look on you face ... tin cup no ... ( pause , add weight to he thought ) I would hit it again because that shot be a define moment . and when a define moment come along you define the moment or the moment define you . I do not shrink from the challenge . I rise to it . Romeo nod , hold he peace . romeo 1981 , Fort Washington golf Club , fresno , California , final round of the Tour qualify School ... tin Cup cringe at the memory , then move for the high ground . tin cup I be play to win . romeo a define moment when you try to hit the same impossible cut 29 . three wood into the wind from a hilly lie -- four in a row out of bound -- until you finally pull it off and tapped in for a thirteen . ( beat ) when a twelve woulda get you on the tour ! that be a define moment and the definition be shit ! tin cup greatness court failure , Romeo . that 's why most people , in they whole life , never ever reach for the brass ring , never know when to dig deep and try for the impossible shot ... romeo you be right about that , boss , but sometimes ... sometimes ... par be good enough to win . tin Cup toss down another maalox cocktail . CUT to : 25 ext . golden tassel - night 25 parking lot full of the usual suspect as a bump and grind version of " yellow rose of TEXAS " flood outside . 26 int . golden tassel - night 26 doreen dance in a yellow rise outfit , a more classic strip look than she protegee . close on row of dollar bill hold aloft by the eager local in the front row ... and then a handful of papers hold aloft by one Roy mcavoy , also in the front row . doreen dance over and pick the papers from he hand , read they as she dance . doreen the diehard / West Texas Calcutta , the duvall County boy Club pro/ scratch , Woody 's Steak House one Club scramble ... what do I want with all this entry form ? 30 . tin cup it 's a business proposition . I be offer you my winning from all they tournament this summer . doreen in exchange for what ? tin cup my drive range back . she dance away from he , not exactly sell on the idea . she dance back to he , recline a leg on the partition , and move she face opposite he . doreen Roy , I be not as dumb as my hair make I look . tin cup they be not all strictly minor league . one of them pay almost two grand ! she twirl off . he chase she , beer and entry in hand . tin cup now wait , doreen . you gotta do the math , and you gotta look at how good I be play . I hit the shot of the tournament at the best -ball . they put it on national tv . doreen I see . tin cup and what do that tell you ? the music come to a end . the club be momentarily silent . tin cup ( shouting ) and what do that tell you ? doreen it tell I you take a unauthorize day off . next time it happen , you be fire . in the meantime , I be put in a time clock . tin cup I be not punch in no time 31 . clock like some work stiff ! CUT to : 27 int . drive range - next day 27 tin Cup punch the new time clock which be locate under the awning near the ball wash . kachunk go the time clock as he hurry outside -- 29 ext . drive range - day 29 -- and there he find Molly , wait on the tee with she driver and a bucket of ball . tin cup be I early ? molly Mr. mcavoy , I can appreciate that you have a fairly laid - back , relaxed lifestyle -- but I have hour to keep . tin cup a former paramour once ascribe my fluid sense of time to be bear under the sign of Pisces -- something about float through the universe -- he tee a ball for she and step back . she 's stare at he , half -amuse . molly you amuse I , Roy . but I be the only woman in America bear after World War ii who think astrology be a crock of shit . ( beat ) now let 's see if the Big Dog will eat . tin cup waggle . molly I be waggling ... tin cup set up to the ball like I show you last time . Molly address the shot . her stance be rigid , overly 32 . mechanical . tin Cup wince . but she look terrific . tin cup quit try to wring that club 's neck , Molly . show it a little warmth and compassion ... he move around behind she to reposition she shoulder . tin cup remember , this game 's about trust and touch and let go . so while I be subtly enhance you technical prospect , why do not you tell I all about you personal life ... molly it 's none of you fuck business , Roy . tin Cup 's hand move down to square she hip . he 's discreet and professional . tin cup you boyfriend 's a golfer -- that 's my bet -- and he 's why you be take this game up . Hell , I probably even know he -- simm ( o.s. ) get you hand off she ass , Roy . and , as tin Cup 's hand recoil in alarm ... david simm step onto the range . molly ( to simm ) hi , sweetie ... tin cup not he ... close on tin cup crushed and bewilder . close on simm a killer smile . the man be absolutely at ease with he own success and charm . CUT to : 33 . 30 ext . winnebago - night 30 a shadow pace across the drape in the light window . tin cup ( o.s. ) he 's take she to Miami for the fuck doral ! how be I suppose to compete with that ? 31 int . winnebago - night 31 Romeo ponder tin Cup 's dilemma from the couch . romeo man , you be have a bad week . tin cup she must think I be such a nothing , such a loser ... a lousy drive range pro live in a winnebago , make five buck a hour plus lesson . romeo she do not know you live in a winnebago . tin cup well , she sure as hell know I be not take she to no doral for massage and mimosa all weekend . I gotta do something with my life . he reflect deeply while Romeo shrug . tin cup I gotta rise to a level worthy of the woman that think I be a joke . romeo well ... you could go out and win the open . tin cup ( pause , as if jarre ) Romeo , that idea have promise . romeo I be joke . tin cup I be not . 34 . romeo we talk about the same tournament ? the U.S. open ? the biggest golf tournament in the world ? tin cup not just the biggest golf tournament in the world ; the most democratic . romeo what do you mean ? tin cup I mean it 's open . anyone 's get a shot at it . you just gotta get past a local and a sectional qualifier , and unlike doral or Colonial or the a.t.t. , they can not keep you out . they can not ask you if you be a garbageman or a bean - picker or a drive range pro whose check be sign by a stripper . you qualify , you be in . romeo and then you pay out of you own pocket to go there and get all nervous and intimidate -- tin cup who 's intimidate ? I just tell you I be gonna win the damn thing ! romeo you do not get the game . tin cup I get every shot in the book . romeo I say you do not get the game . the mental game . the head game . tin cup you suggest I err on the side of excess ? romeo you always go out to shoot zero . sometimes you pull it off . but you can not play like that at the open . you win by take what the course give you . you win by be humble , which you be not , and patient , which you never will 35 . be . tin Cup come over to the couch , sit down , and put a arm around Romeo . tin cup well , since you be the authority , how would you like to teach I how to be what I be not and never will be ? romeo you do not ever listen to I . tin cup this time will be different . I promise . romeo I do not know , man . right now you do not even get the money to get you club out of hock . tin cup yeah , well ... my stick may be in a pawn shop , but I get a rake and a hoe at the range . CUT to : 32 ext . mesquite country club - day 32 expensive car in the parking lot -- a put green in b.g. close on truck of mercede the trunk open . a set of expensive golf club be remove by a wealthy look guy , boone , 40' . he turn to face tin Cup and Romeo who be reach into the trunk of Roy 's cadillac . boone let I get this straight -- you be go to play I for four hundred dollar with that ? Romeo remove a old golf bag from the trunk . it contain a rake , a hoe , a baseball bat , and assort garden tool . tin cup and I will give ya two a side ... I get the title to my car as collateral . 36 . boone I be not interested in that piece of shit . tin cup that 's cuz you think of it as transportation , boone . think of it as brag rights . think of yourself sit around the bar crow to you buddy about the cadillac you win off tin Cup mcavoy . ( the real kicker ) they will forget all about the winnebago you lose to I . CUT to : 33 ext . mesquite country club - first tee - morning 33 boone address the ball on the first tee . boone no mully , no gimme , no bump the ball -- and he rip a drive down the fairway . boone nutted it . tin Cup select the baseball bat from he golf bag . Romeo hand he a pink ball and tin Cup show it to boone . tin cup I will be play a pink Lady today . boone that little pink fag ball suppose to rattle I ? tin Cup move over to the tee marker . tin cup not unless I knock it by you . and he toss up the pink Lady and fungoe it long and straight down the fairway . CUT to : 34 ext . mesquite first fairway - day 34 tin Cup stop at he ball , and look twenty yard back to 37 . where boone have arrive with he caddie at he drive . tin cup yep , I catch this thing way the Hell on the toe . boone knock a iron onto the edge of the green . boone drive for show , putt for dough , big shot . tin cup do you hear that , Romeo ? boone be be profound ! he have reveal to I the essential mystery of golf ! drive for show , putt for dough ... ( hold out a palm ) louisville slugger , please . boone 's a little rattle by tin Cup 's insouciance . romeo you get boone shakin ' already -- ( study the approach ) Front leave bunker 's you best angle to the pin . tin cup ( call he shot ) Front leave bunker -- plugge lie . he toss up the ball and fungoe a lazy fly ball . CUT to : 35 ext . mesquite 1st GREEN and sand trap - day 35 boone gaze with malicious delight at tin Cup 's ball , bury in the front leave bunker . he watch tin Cup take the hoe from Romeo and move down into the trap . boone I want to see a legitimate swing . no scoop . tin Cup hold up a hand like a gallery marshal request silence . tin cup stand , please . Gallery , please , stand . 38 . he address the ball , choke down on the hoe , positioning the blade at a odd angle . he hack at the ball with a unorthodox chopping motion . the ball pop up in the air , land on the green , release and roll up a foot from the hole . boone 's jaw drop . tin Cup hit a impossible shot with utter ease and facility . tin cup I will finish . tin Cup trade Romeo the shovel for the rake , take the pin out of the hole , and pool cue the putt home . par. boone look at he own sixty - foot putt and he know he 's just be have ... utterly , embarrassingly , and thoroughly . without a word he count four hundred dollar from he roll and drop it on the green . boone get the hell off my course . 38 ext . pawn shop - day 38 tin Cup and Romeo emerge , Romeo carry t.c. 's stick . tin cup listen , swami , you job be to teach I patience and humility , not to advise I on my love life . romeo no . my job be to get you head straight so you can qualify for the open , much less win it . to get you head straight you get to forget about the doctor lady . they head up the street under a collonade toward tin Cup 's wait caddy . tin cup not all my think occur below the belt . I actually stand for a few thing beside where my next romantic interlude be come from . romeo then you get no problem tell the doctor lady you can not teach she no more till after the open . tin Cup blink silently a moment , feel slightly cornere . 39 . tin cup that would make a issue of something that be not a issue . besides , I be focus . Romeo respond with a Spanish curse . tin cup I mean , this be my quest ! romeo ahhh ... you quest ... chingaso ... tin cup this be where I stand up for all the little guy everywhere who have have they fill of soulless robot like David simm -- romeo he may be a soulless robot but he 's a rich , happy soulless robot with a beautiful doctor lady girlfriend who 's get you by the huevo -- ( beat ) besides , how be get into the U.S. open gonna change what she think about you ? tin cup it will prove to she that I be not who she think I be . romeo but you be who she think you be ! look , I do not bet on a horse with a hard - on . tin cup hard -on ?! hard -on ?! hard -on ?! here , touch I , feel -- ( as tin Cup grab himself ) I do not feel nothing ! here ! romeo ( embarrassed ) hey , hey ... shit ... cool it ... 39 suddenly a convertible pass -- simm and Molly , 39 laugh , carefree , enjoy each other . the couple in the car do not see tin Cup grab he crotch make a fool of himself on the sidewalk -- but tin Cup and Romeo see they . 40 . the car disappear down the street . tin Cup cool off , chill , really -- and full of chagrin . tin cup okay , okay ... maybe I get a semi . CUT to : 40 int . golden tassel - doreen' dressing room - night 40 doreen 's on the phone , between show , and be adamant . doreen I can not give you time off to win the open . I do not care if it 's you ' quest '... ( listen ) ... or you ' destiny '... ( listen ) ... or any of that term you vaguely remember from you cliff Notes ... ( listen ) you shoulda treat I nicer when we be a item -- then maybe I would not be such a nasty boss . g'bye , Roy -- I have a business to run . she hang up and head out on stage as the music call . CUT to : 41 int . drive range - night 41 tin Cup hang up the phone and turn to Romeo . tin cup man , ever since I let she dump my ass she just can not resist kick I in it . romeo maybe you should treat she more like a lady . tin cup after she run off with that Dallas banker ? romeo she do that after you let she dump you . it would not kill you just once to tell she she 's beautiful , she can dance , she 's 41. sexy . tin cup Romeo ... be you sweet on doreen ? romeo no more and you be for that doctor lady . a couple of deep sigh . two loser with flutter heart . tin cup great , Romeo , just great ... just when I need you to be my friend and coach , you go get all gooey about one of my ex-girlfriend who just happen to be we boss . romeo anybody come to I for help on they love life about woman be already too far go . tin cup I do not recall ask you for advice . ( beat ) woman be tougher to figure out than a feathered one iron from a tight lie -- suddenly a golf image relax they into they comfort zone . romeo actually if you open the club face a hair and play it off you back foot -- tin cup shut up , Romeo ... I be not really seek golf tip ... romeo it 's all I be good for -- but you can count on I for that , at least . tin cup how far off the back foot ? romeo ' Bout three ball ... silence . golf be so much easier than life . 42 . tin cup I be ready to charge forth in pursuit of my mythic destiny and I can not get time off work to do it . romeo I be no expert , but it seem to I that the `pursuit of a person 's mythic destiny ' be not the sort of thing that a person need to get off a five dollar a hour job in order to do ... tin cup I be stick . buried . my life 's a plugge lie in a kakuyi bunker with a tight pin position on a green with a stimp meter read of thirteen . ( beat ) I need help . I need advice . I need counsel ... ( beat ) I need a shrink . romeo you do not know no shrink . tin cup I know one . romeo not the doctor lady ? tin cup why not ? romeo you can not ask advice about the woman you be try to hose from the woman you be try to hose ! tin cup hose ?! hose ?! get you mouth outta the gutter ! this be a matter of the heart ! CUT to : a42 ext . MAIN STREET ( salome ) - day a42 tin Cup 's caddy pull up and he get out , go to the front of a store that be now a health service office . he look around warily -- as if someone might see he enter such a place -- and duck inside . 43 . CUT to : b42 int . SMALL room - day b42 it 's the exit , " cool down " room , not the wait room . tin Cup sit nervously , he 's slightly overdress for the occasion . he look childlike . the door to the inner office open -- a woman come out and sit down across from he . she 's weep uncontrollably . he stare . he fidget . he 's nervous , out of place . finally Molly enter through the same door because she hear the cry . she see tin cup -- a awkward moment , then -- tin cup I do not do anything ! molly I know ... I know ... wait in there . tin Cup slip into the main office while Molly console the weep woman . CUT to : 42 int . molly office - few beat later - day 42 tin Cup be dutifully lie on the couch because he hear that 's what you do . he stare at the ceiling . Molly enter and sit down . molly Roy ... be you okay ? tin cup I need therapy . molly obviously . tin cup what do I do ? I mean ... to do it ... therapy ... I mean , how do I start do ... it . molly in parlance you might understand , just kick back and let the Big Dog eat . he sigh and plunge in . 44 . tin cup okay , okay , let 'er rip ... ( deep breath ) suppose there 's this guy . he 's stand on the shore of a big , wide river . and the river 's fulla all manner of disaster , like alligator and piranhas and current and eddyy , and most people will not even go down there to dip a toe . but on the other side of the river 's a million dollar , and on this side of the river there 's a rowboat . I guess my question 's this : what would possess the guy on shore to swim for it ? molly he 's a idiot . tin cup no . he 's a hell of a swimmer , see . his problem 's more like ... why 's he always gotta rise to the challenge ? molly he 's a juvenile idiot . tin cup you do not understand what I mean by the river . molly we be talk about you and what you like to call you inner demon , Roy , that human frailty you like to blather about , not some mytho-poetic metaphor you come up with in a feeble and transparent effort to do yourself credit . tin cup y'mean you be gonna make I feel lousy ? I come here to feel better -- what kinda therapy be this ? molly you do not have any inner demon . what you have be inner crapola , inner debris -- garbage , loose wire , horseshit in staggering amount . 45 . tin cup I be not just some jerk drive - range pro who drink too much booze and eat too few vegetable . molly you be be defensive -- cut to the chase and tell I why you be here . tin cup well ... I be smitten with a woman . molly that 's good . be she smitten with you ? tin cup not yet . molly have you ask she out ? tin cup she 's see a guy . I do not know how serious it be , but the guy 's a real horse 's ass , in my opinion ... molly if you share you heart with this woman -- maybe ask she out to dinner -- then it would force this issue out in the open . tin cup I be afraid she will say no . molly ahh ... so what you be say be that all you speech about swim across the shark infest water be really just about you golf game -- not about you personal life . tin cup Christ , I do not know we be gonna get into my personal life ! molly this be therapy ! tin cup well , jeez , I know , but I do not think it be that kind of therapy ... 46 . molly what be you expect ? Ann lander ? tin cup yeah . molly look , it 's rather simple . that risk that you love to take on the golf course , the risk you talk so passionately and poetically about -- you need to apply that risk to you personal life with the same passion . tin cup I should ask this woman out . molly yes ! tin cup I should risk come right over the top and snap-hook it out of bound leave . molly yes ! tin cup Risk hit it a little thin and -- molly for godsake , Roy , that 's enough ! tin cup right . sorry . molly s'okay ... ( beat ) look , just walk up to this woman , wherever she be , look she in the eye with that big beautiful green eye of yours , let down you guard and do not try to be smooth or cool or whatever -- just be honest and take the risk -- you can do it ! tin Cup rise with new confidence . he do several deep breathe exercise , try to work up the courage . she stare at he . and he walk right up to she . tin cup Dr. griswold -- I think I be in 47 . love with you . Molly be stunne . molly what ?! tin cup from the moment I first see you I know I be through with bar girl and stripper and motorcycle chick , and when you start talk I be smitten and I be smitten more every day I think about you -- and the fact that you know I be full of crapola only make you more attractive to I because usually I can bullshit people but I can not bullshit you and in addition , most woman I be think about how to get into they pants from Day one but with you I be just think about how to get into you heart -- Molly be clue-less . she just stare . molly my God ... tin cup ( optimistically , proudly ) stun , eh ? so what about dinner and we can talk about `us ' and if we have a future and how to drop that horse 's ass boyfriend of yours -- molly Roy , slow down -- tin cup hey ! I just hit a eight degree driver off a cart path here , I be stare eagle in the face -- molly this be a terrible mistake ! tin Cup be knock off he horse . into deep rough . tin cup I be act from the heart so I can not make a mistake ?! right ? 48 . molly wrong . aw , shit ... ( beat ) I be one horrible shrink ... jeez ... I do not know you be talk about I . tin cup would you advice have be different ? she 's frustrated and at a loss for word . molly session 's over . you better leave . crushed , tin Cup head to the door , stop and turn . tin cup I be gonna qualify for the U.S. open and kick you boyfriend 's ass . molly please leave . tin cup whatever you think of I , you should know that you boyfriend hate old people , child , and dog . he exit . she just sit there . CUT to : 43 ext . drive range - high angle - night 43 the lone figure of tin Cup stand on a tee , arching seven irons -- thwock ! -- into the night , serenade by cricket and the occasional bug - light zapping a fly . Romeo and the regular stand behind tin Cup observe approvingly . tin Cup mutter something with every swing . it sound like he 's say -- tin cup ( just before swinging ) dollar bill ... tin Cup hit another shot , totally focus . tin cup dollar bill ... 49 . romeo how would it go with the doctor lady , boss ? tin cup if she be a par three , I would 'a make a nine . romeo stroke and distance , eh ? tin cup ( nod , deep in concentration ) dollar bill ... Romeo back off to let the man practice , and clint ask : clint what 's he say ? romeo dollar bill . his divot get to look like dollar bill . ' course moe norman hit divot like bacon strip ' cuz he come over the top , but that 's gettin ' too technical for you . clint turn and nod approvingly to the rest of the regular . clint see that , boy ? he 's hit dollar bill . tighten he game . they murmur approval , but Earl catch clint 's eye and jerk he head at tin Cup , indicate clint be not do he job as group spokesman . clint take a step forward . clint uh , something we shitheel want you to know , tin Cup , be uh , well , we be to see doreen , and we tell she we would stage a customer 's strike if she do not give you time off to win the open . this remark penetrate tin Cup 's concentration . he turn with a smile to the regular . tin cup you pervert do that for I ? jose we believe in you , man . 50 . earl and if you get past the local qualifier , we gonna sponsor you . tin Cup look at the beam face of the regular and smile broadly . tin cup thanks , boy -- a man could not have better friend . now move the hell back and shut the fuck up . you be mess up my concentration . and with big smile , they move each other back so as not to mess up tin Cup 's concentration . and he pull out another ball , mutter dollar bill , and hit another perfect shot . dissolve to : 44 ext . drive range - night ( later ) 44 everyone 's go home except tin Cup , who keep drilling beautiful shot into the Texas night . CUT to : 45 ext . adjacent highway - night 45 a car be park unnotice . a figure sit alone , watch tin Cup from a distance . Molly . molly Pov - solitary figure of tin cup with he elegant swing , as graceful as he be crude , a Zen ritual . finally , weary at last , tin Cup toss he club in he bag and drag it toward he ever - present winnebago , which we see he enter . CUT to : 46 int . winnebago - night 46 he drop he club on the couch . the place be a wreck , and he collapse in a chair , cracking a can of cheap Beer . a knock at the door . he 's startle . tin cup debt collection ? process server ? 51 . ex - flame ? Jesus , I be clean . ( disguise he voice ) who be it ? the door open -- Molly enter . he 's surprised but well - settle into he bath of cynicism . molly God , you have get a beautiful swing -- tin cup -- and big , beautiful green eye -- I be a beautiful guy . molly I come here to apologize . tin cup for what ? molly well , I counsel you , you do exactly what I say , and I just ... pour cold water over you effort . ( quickly ) I do not get it . I be a terrible shrink , probably ... I should have never get out of real estate -- actually I should never have leave Ohio for that cowboy in armarillo -- have you ever be to amarillo ? tin cup a cowboy ? molly it 's not as romantic when you be actually with one -- a wrangler , y'know -- so of course the oil man in Dallas look great after that -- I do not know what I be think ... that 's when I go to the gulf and end up in , well , trailer sale and then all that condo in Corpus christi -- the bottom fall outta the market and I need a new gig -- tin cup a new gig ? molly therapy . I take all the class . 52 . I be license , y'know . ( suddenly deject ) oh God ... ( reach into she purse ) mind if I smoke ? ( light up ) anyway , I be flatter you ask I out . I can not accept because I be involved with David and I have not see any evidence that he treat old people , kid or dog badly . tin cup I get a little carry away , I guess . I shoulda just lay up , make my par , and move on . molly look , I want to propose something -- as long as you understand this be professional -- we be not go out together -- tin cup tee it up . molly I can help you with the mental aspect of the game . you have get Romeo to be you swing doctor , I can be you head doctor . tin cup but you say you be a lousy shrink ? molly well , yeah ... I will improve . tin cup I get no money to pay for you . molly I will trade my service for golf lesson and help you through the qualifying . if you get into the open , well , you be on you own . tin cup you will be with David . molly yeah ... silence . a deal . it 's the best they can do . CUT to : 53 . 47 ext . cottonwood - first tee - morning 47 local qualifier . the first tee of the local open qualifier . and the voice of the starter . starter ( v.o. ) ... the next group ... Roy mcavoy , salome , Texas ... who will be play with ... the regular applaud and whistle and shout way too many " you the man' ! " as tin Cup step onto the first tee , follow by he Sancho panza , Romeo . tin Cup be feel on top of the world , at he cocky best . romeo how ya feelin' , boss ? tin cup I be feelin ' like par 's a bad score , podnuh -- fifty - eight 's within the realm ! romeo Jesus , the doctor lady 's here -- Pov shot - molly stand not far from the regular . tin cup do not I tell ya ? she 's gonna be you guru partner . you handle my swing mechanic and she handle my brain mechanic . romeo Long as you keep you dick out of it -- tin cup I a ' the ' big guy ' have a understanding . he 's gonna lie low till I get in the open -- then ... then ... romeo the Big Dog will eat ? tin cup the Big Dog will hunt , that 's for sure ... tin Cup step up to the tee , a couple quick limber 54 . swing , and he tee it up . as he do , Romeo slip over to Molly . romeo ( softly ) look like we partner , Dr. Molly -- molly I just have to help he keep he head on straight -- romeo if you can , you be the first . molly he do have the occasional tendency towards self - destruction it seem . romeo it be not occasional and it be not no tendency -- it 's a fact of life that he gonna blow sky high , it 's just a matter of when and how fast can the piece be put back together . ( beat ) behind that twinkle in he eye be nitroglycerin . tin Cup wave and motion to he team . tin cup quiet in the gallery ! a man 's try to do he job . and tin Cup uncoil a mighty drive with a elegant stroke , fully confident and smooth . the gallery applaud . tin cup ( generally announce ) get my ' a ' game with I today , folk ... you be in for a real treat ! Molly lean to Romeo just before they all head down the fairway and confide -- molly I find he mildly attractive when he 's obnoxious and arrogant like this -- 55 . romeo good . ' Cause it 's he best side ... and they head down the fairway , a scruffy little gallery on a so-so course . with a lot at stake ... CUT to : 48 montage of tin cup' front nine 48 he hit a perfect wedge -- and say to himself , Romeo , Molly , the gallery , the universe -- tin cup dollar bill ... 49 he nail a two iron straight as a string . 49 tin cup nutted it ... 50 he rifle another drive into the stratosphere . 50 tin cup Ben hogan ? who 's he ? 51 putt after putt drain into the jar . 51 52 close on the scoreboard -- the red number ( under par ) 52 be go up quickly as every shot he hit be dead , solid perfect . minus one , two , four , five , seven ... CUT to : 53 ext . cottonwood local qualifier - tenth tee - day 53 tin Cup 's in a zone , talk to himself , full of himself , in a fabulous , indomitable state of mind . Molly and Romeo keep look at each other and shrugging , tin Cup 's on a roll and need no help . so far ... a couple of the regular shout out encouragement . clint / earl you the man , tin Cup ! you the man ! romeo they bugging you , boss -- I can shut them up ? tin cup the way I be swinging today , 56 . nothing bug I -- except insufficient applause . ( surveying the fairway ) gimme the lumber . but Romeo be hand he a two iron . romeo I think two iron 's safer . tin cup I say I want the Big Dog . Romeo look warily down the fairway of a tight dogleg leave par five . romeo tight par five , out of bound leave ... you do not want to hit driver . tin cup I be not go leave of that tree . I be go over that tree ... with a little draw . that way I get home in two . that way I be put for eagle . romeo you do not need eagle to qualify ! you need to get use to play smart -- no mistake win the open . tin cup qualify ? I want the course record ! now gimme the lumber ! tin Cup reach for the driver . Romeo shift the golf bag beyond tin Cup 's reach . romeo you not go to listen to I ? you do not care I be try to help ? you think I be full of shit ? tin cup I think I be gonna get penalize for slow play if you do not give I that fuck driver . romeo you a head case , boss , always be , always will be . 57 . tin cup then let 's ask the head doctor . Dr. griswold ? ( to Molly ) Dr. griswold , should I hit the Big Dog or the two ? suddenly a official step forward . p.g.a. official solicite shot selection advice be a two-stroke penalty . molly trust you feeling , Roy . tin cup ( to Romeo ) ha ! gimme the driver and shut up . Romeo pull out the driver and he snap it in half over he knee . he toss the two halve on the ground near tin Cup . romeo ... go ahead . hit the driver . tin Cup look at the two halve of he driver , curb he anger , not give Romeo the satisfaction of a reaction . tin cup I change my mind . gimme the three wood . romeo you can not clear the dogleg with a three wood . tin cup wanna bet ? Romeo pull out the three wood , snap it over he knee , and toss the halve on the ground next to the driver halve . tin Cup turn with amusement to he play partner , lest they think management have lose the upper hand with labor . tin cup guess I be go with the safe shot , boy . tin Cup reach for the two iron , study it a moment , frown , and then : he snap it over he knee . he dump this halve on the ground with the halve of the driver and three wood . 58 . Romeo stare , aghast . tin Cup merely shrug . tin cup sometimes I fan that two iron . better gimme the three . Romeo warily hand tin Cup the three iron . tin Cup look at it , frown , then : he snap it over he knee and toss it on the ground . Molly lean over to the regular . molly be this normal behavior for he ? earl the word ' normal ' and he do not collide in the same sentence too often . she watch in amazement as -- tin cup sometimes I catch that three a little thin ... he drop the three iron halve with the other halve , and step past Romeo and sequentially yank all but the seven iron from he bag . he snap they over he knee , one by one , cite the crime of each club with mount absurdity and ire . tin cup and I have hook my four iron ... ( snap ) ... and hit flyer with the five ... ( snap ) ... and shanke the six ... ( snap ) ... and skull the eight ... ( snap ) ... and fatte the nine ... ( snap ) ... and chili-dipped the wedge ... ( snap ) ... and blade the sand wedge ... ( snap ; then pause to reflect contemptuously on he putter ) ... and then there 's mister Three -putt ... he snap the putter in half and dump it in the pile of 59 . break club at he foot . then , he reach for the last club in he bag , the seven iron . the regular hold they breath , think this be the end of tin Cup 's open bid . but ... tin Cup smile and caress the seven iron affectionately . tin cup but the seven iron , I never miss the seven iron . it 's the only truly safe club in my bag . he move to the tee , drop a ball , and hit it down the middle with the seven iron . tin cup you happy , Romeo ? romeo no , boss , I be tired ... my life 's too short to spend it watch you fall apart . I do it too many time . Romeo turn and start walk away . tin cup what 's this ? you be quit ? first sign of adversity , you be quit ? ( as Romeo continue ) anyone want to bet I I can not par in with a seven iron ? ( to Molly ) Doc ? take the bet ? molly Roy -- just shut up and hit the ball . CUT to : 54 quick series of shot 54 tin Cup 's magic with a seven iron . he drive with a seven iron . 55 he chip with a seven iron . 55 56 he blast out of sand with a open-blade seven iron . 56 60 . CUT to : 57 ext . cottonwood local qualifier - eighteenth hole - day 57 tin Cup drain a ten foot putt -- also with the seven iron , and left-handed to boot . he 's past the local qualifier . the regular erupt in cheer . you would have think he win the Masters . and tin Cup shrug to the tiny gallery , with insouciance and cockiness , and pronounce -- tin cup a easy game , this golf ... CUT to : 58 ext . 19 th hole - outdoor bar - day ( later ) 58 tin Cup hold court surround by he regular and much of the gallery . he 's a local hero -- but Molly 's not impressed . a waitress deliver a tray of long neck beer . 19 th hole waitress beer for everybody . clint you the man , tin Cup ! a toast be raise to they king , and tin Cup eat it up . tin cup thanks , boy , what 'ya think be my best shot -- the seven iron on twelve , the seven iron on fourteen , or maybe it be the bunker shot on eighteen which , to my recollection be a -- seven iron ? much laughter . this be the tin Cup they love . earl you definitely the man ! tin cup how would I do , Doc ? molly ( cheerfully ) you fail miserably . 61 . tin cup what ?! I parre the back nine with a seven iron , I qualified for the regionals , I -- molly you job be not just to qualify for the open , it 's to prepare for the open . my job be to help you prepare . tin cup you say to ' trust my feeling ' ! molly I do not know you feel like break all the club in you bag . clint he do not break the seven ! earl he smoke that seven , brother -- molly from what I understand , the U.S. open be the most difficult golf tournament in the world play under the most difficult circumstance with the great player -- win it mean control yourself , manage you emotion , stay cool , not get in a pissing contest with you caddie who , incidentally , quit . tin cup he always quit , he always come back . molly Nonetheless , from the mental aspect -- which be my domain -- you have regress and be fumble somewhere between delusion and denial . tin cup ' regression , delusion , denial ' ? you gotta use all this psychological language ? molly I be a psychologist . 62 . tin Cup turn to the regular for support . voice ( o.s. ) have a bad day , Roy ? everyone turn to see David simm enter the conversation . molly hi , honey ... tin cup I shot 65 -- parre the backside with a seven iron . simm ( intrigue ) why ? molly that 's the question -- why ? silence . clint ' Cause he break all he other club . earl snapped them in two -- even the putter . simm Jesus , Roy , I be on you side here . we go way back ... I hope you get into the open , but if you do not play under control , you will get slaughter . good player shoot 82 in the open . you can not always go for it . tin cup swear to God , Doc , this guy be not who you think . clint it 's a well - know fact that if a camera 's not on he , he treat old people and child like dirt . earl and dog . tin cup yeah , do not forget the dog . molly I think we should go , David . 63 . simm I think so ... tin Cup 's worst characteristic flare up , he will not let go . tin cup you ever shoot par with a seven iron ? simm it never occur to I to try . ( to Molly ) c'mon , let 's go . the car 's over here .... tin cup I will bet you a thousand dollar against my car that I can beat you in any game -- any game , you name it -- with a seven iron . simm this be ridiculous . tin cup you a coward ? you gonna lay up the way you do at the Masters last year ? regular ( taunting , like child ) Chickie , chickie , chickie ... simm be a little draw in , not so much by the challenge as the desire to shut up tin Cup . simm any game , I name it ? molly oh , come on , David -- simm I just want to teach he a lesson . molly why do man insist on measure they dick ? tin Cup take she literally and rise , start to unbuckle he belt . tin cup awright , awright ! let 's measure , 64 . right now ! molly for God sake , I be not be literal ! ( beat ) David , let 's go . simm Molly , trust I on this one . call it part of he mental preparation for the open , where the rough be deep , the green be slick , and the nerve be shattered . ( to tin Cup ) I will take the bet . molly oh , jeez ... the regular cheer -- this be what they live for . simm hand a roll of cash to Molly . tin Cup hand she he car key . tin cup awright ! what 's the game ? simm one swing each . who can hit the longest seven iron -- tin cup it 's a lock ! I hit the seven like John Daly hit a three ! the regular whoop it up . they man 's a cinch . tin Cup pull a ball from he pocket , drop it right on the ground in the middle of the patio . tin cup from right here , okay ? simm Fine with I . molly you guy be really be childish -- simm Molly , leave this one to I . tin cup Dr. griswold , I know what I be do . tin Cup take a couple of swing to limber up , aim out 65 . onto a open area of the course . serious , intent , the look of eagle ... tin cup ( to himself ) dollar bill ... he take a full back -sw , open beautifully , and launch a seven iron like a rocket out toward some drive range marker ... to " ooh " and " ahh " from he faithful . the ball land at a 170 yard marker and bounce further . clint they sign be at least thirty yard farther -- that ball musta go 220 ... tin cup that ball 's about 2- 2 -7... to it a bit ... but it will do ... regular nearly 230 with a seven ! pureed it , baby , he pureed it ! tin Cup hand simm the seven iron . tin cup take a minute to limber up , fine with I -- simm do not need to . simm be still in a sport jacket , slack , no golf shoe . tin cup take you jacket off ? simm no , no , I be fine . simm drop a ball about where tin Cup 's sit . he stand above the ball and address it . tin cup ( cockily ) you be gonna need to muscle up , big guy -- give it the old steroid jerk ... simm be cool as ice . he smile , then move around to the other side of the ball , suddenly face away from the course . this baffle everyone . 66 . regular what the hell you doin ' ? wha 's this ? and David simm hit a effortless seven iron out toward the desert , onto the lonely highway ... 59 ... and the ball bounce and bounce and bounce , for 59 about three mile , forever . it 's probably still go ... 60 close on tin cup 60 the hustler 's be hustle . close on molly she shrug and smile . CUT to : 61 ext . cottonwood clubhouse - day ( moment later ) 61 Molly drive away in simm ' car -- follow by simm in tin Cup 's cadillac convertible . simm wave . tin Cup and the regular stand alone . weakly , lamely , a couple of the regular speak . without conviction . clint you the man , Roy ... earl you definitely the man ... CUT to : 62 int . golden tassel - night 62 a nearly nude dancer name sammantha on stage to a big Saturday night crowd . tin Cup 's in the front row , sit with doreen and a beer . disconsolate . p.a. announcer ( v.o. ) bring out that bill , boy , if ya wanta see a little more of sammantha ! guy pull out singles and larger bill around the runway , place they on the railing for the gyrate stripper . sammantha ( to tin Cup ) hey , honey ... 67 . tin Cup toss some money onstage with a lackluster wave , he 's depressed -- or something . tin cup hey , honey ... doreen I hear you qualified for the regionals -- why you so down ? tin cup I break my club -- do not ask why , my caddie 's piss off at I , I lose my wheel in a sucker bet , and my shrink think I be a fool -- ' cause I probably be ... doreen you be see a therapist ?! tin cup yeah , what 's wrong with that ? doreen only way you would ever go into therapy be if the shrink be a doll and you be try to get she into the rack -- tin cup you be so shallow . the good Doctor and I be deal with my regression and denial -- doreen oh , tin Cup , what a crock . you get a hard - on . a guy from the next table lean over , interrupt . guy you ` tin Cup ' ? won the local with a seven iron ? tin cup that 's I . guy mcavoy ? the tin Cup mcavoy ? doreen there 's only one -- thank God ... tin cup yeah . you look for a game ? 68 . guy no , but I would sure like to show you my grip ... doreen can not keep he attention . neither can sammantha , who writhes only a few foot away . doreen how long have you be see this ` good Doctor ' ? tin cup Excuse I , dor ' , the man 's have trouble with he grip -- the guy slide over to tin Cup , quickly join by he buddy . guy see , I use to play a real weak grip . but you look at couple , he 's get a leave hand way over here ... tin Cup glance at the guy 's grip . tin cup no , grip it like this , so you be hold on with the last two finger of you leave hand . the guy nudge the cowboy next to he . guy see that ? tin Cup mcavoy say you grip a golf club like this , with this two finger . doreen Roy ? ( off no response ) Roy ? tin Cup ? hello ? tin cup the grip and address be about 90 percent of the golf swing , so pay attention here ... cowboy when you be do with he , can I ask you about my club position at address ? sammantha can not keep they attention , either , even though she 's down to a g-string , inch away . at the height of the music , she stop dance and look down at doreen -- 69 . sammantha be I do something wrong ? doreen no , honey , you be not -- but a healthy woman 's only get two choice in this world of ours ... ( beat ) either fall in love with another woman -- or take up golf . and doreen head to the dress room , disgust , but not at all surprised . she know tin Cup -- she know man . tin cup ... now the stronger right -hand grip can help ya draw the ball , which I plan to do at the regionals next week in Tulsa ... just shift the hand over a little bit ... blah , blah , blah ... ... and naked woman dance before they , unnotice . CUT to : 63 ext . route 66 ( somewhere in southwest ) - day 63 the winnebago chug along in the middle of nowhere . 64 int . winnebago - day 64 tin Cup drive , as most of the regular lounge -- all be there include Turk ( the bouncer ) . but Romeo be miss . clint we get through the next 36 hole and we in the open ! earl I get the yip and I be not even tee it up ... tin cup nothing to worry about , boy -- jose but you be not get Romeo ? tin cup do not need he till the open -- he will be back . 70 . clint but you do not get the doctor lady ? tin cup oh no , I get she . right here . he hold up a tape cassette . tin cup she can not travel to Arizona for the regionals -- she 's get a busy practice , y'know ... so she make I this tape to play while I be out there ... keep I calm , cool , and collect ... earl what 's on it ? tin cup a little James Taylor , little George Jones , little kahlil gibran , little this , little that ... and a lotta the voice of the smartest chick I ever meet . earl the good doctor herself ... clint can we hear it or be it personal ? tin cup since when be therapy personal , eh ? he punch into he deck and the winnebago be fill with the sound of molly tape , beginning with George Jones ... ... and the voice of GEORGE jone take we into ... dissolve to : 65 ext . LA paloma golf club ( arizona ) - day 65 the Regional qualifier -- 36 - hole tournament pitting all the local winner . this be a much bigger deal than the local tournament -- more commercial , bigger crowd , tougher . montage of regionals accompany by molly voice and the music of jone , taylor , other . 71 . close on tin cup he put the walkman headset over he ear on the first tee . we hear what he hear , and -- molly ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) ... ` private victory precede public victory . you can not harvest a crop before you plant it ... ' kaboom ! he launch a tee shot down the middle . molly ( v.o ) ( on tape ) ... ` how you view the problem , be the problem ... ' 66 tin cup chip into the cup . 66 67 tin cup drain putt after putt with confidence . 67 molly ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) ... ` follow you bliss ... ' 68 tin cup take a club from Earl who 's huffing and 68 puffing a little too hard for a caddie , and -- tin Cup crisp a three iron over water to a tight green . tin Cup be carry he own bag now -- Earl be several pace behind , drag he body slowly , exhaust . 69 close on scoreboard -- even par , even , even , one 69 under ... molly ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) ... ` say not that I have find the truth but that I have find a truth ... ' 70 close on tin cup -- still in a zone , confident , 70 relaxed , hit lot of good shot . but the score be close , the competition tougher . he 's near the top , but not first . 72 . 71 tin cup lip out a fifteen - foot putt -- heartbreak . 71 he start to lose it , but ... molly ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) ...` you can not have the fruit without the root ... ' and tin Cup just smile and tap in . 72 scoreboard tell we we be down to the 36th , final hole . 72 73 tin cup 73 whattya think , Earl ? earl I think three under will qualify . you need birdie . I could shit . tin cup a little more confidence there , Earl ... earl I wish Romeo be here . I be not cut out to do this . I be a spectator by nature . a observer . I be a -- tin cup shut up and hand I the Big Dog . earl you get it . tin Cup take the driver and uncoil a beauty . tin cup the Force be with I , pod ... CUT to : 74 tin cup hit a wedge approach -- the ball land inch 74 from the hole . the crowd gasp ... but -- the backspin grab it and the ball spin back and back and back , ten , twenty , thirty foot before come to a rest . the man head solemnly to the final green . CUT to : 73 . 75 ext . LA paloma - 18th GREEN - day 75 tin Cup survey the thirty - foot snake of a putt . Earl 's of absolutely no use . tin cup we need this one big time , Earl , whattya think ? earl ( unsurely ) look straight to I . tin cup straight ?! thing 's a roller coaster break four way and die at the hole -- you be blind ! earl actually , I be blind ... 20 - 60 in one eye -- and that 's the good eye ... tin cup I get a blind caddie ... just hold the stick , Earl -- and be sure to pull it out ... tin Cup study the hell out of this putt . if it go in , he 's in the open . he miss , back to salome . molly ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) ... when the go get tough , the , the , the , whirrrrrrrrrrr , the , the ... tin Cup shake the walkman and pound he ear . tin cup doc? doc? ( panicky ) Earl , Earl -- the tape 's jamme ! she 's abandon I ! marshal be you okay ? tin cup yeah , yeah ... I be fly solo now ... marshal what ? tin cup I gotta make this putt . 74 . marshal obviously . tin Cup stare endlessly at the long putt . tin cup ... just pick the line , feel the speed -- bad timing , doc , Jesus ... he step up to the putt , still talk to himself . tin cup like a million other you make in you life , Roy . just see it go in . just feel it ... right in the back of the jar ... just pull the goddamn trigger , you pussy ... 76 he stroke the putt -- it start right , curl back 76 leave , straighten out , over the ridge , back again , endlessly ... tin cup pull the stick , Earl , pull it ! Earl 's have trouble with the flagstick , shaking it , panic , and finally -- he snap it free , but ... the ball stop dead on the lip of the cup . tin Cup contort in anguish body - English , then fall to he back like a shot animal . tin cup choke dog die ! and the ball fall into the cup with a click -- and a roar . tin Cup take a peek at the cup . the ball stay in the hole . CUT to : 77 ext . highway - night 77 the winnebago return home , a travel party of beer , boisterousness , and celebration . we hear they all , lead by Turk the bouncer and he guitar , sing " the double bogey blue " ... all the way back to Texas . CUT to : 75 . 78 ext . drive range - day 78 tin Cup arrive , fresh from the qualifier . Romeo be shafting glub . tin cup rome ! you have come back ! ( no answer ) you shoulda be there , rome , I drain a 30 - foot snake to qualify ! ( off no answer ) Earl give I a straight read -- the thing break half a dozen time -- miss ya , pod ! Romeo give he the silent treatment . tin cup okay , do not talk to I -- but you be still my guy ... ( lose patience ) it 's a little late to be piss off ! we be in the open ! you and I ! still nothing from Romeo . tin cup awright , be that way -- ( switch course ) -- say ... have Molly be around ? romeo I know you have the hot for she . tin cup what 's this ? garbo speak ? of course I have the hot for she and I be do a damn good job of keep thing platonic and professional till I kick simm ' ass and show she I be not who she think I be because , in fact , I be who she think I be but if I win the open I will not be . Romeo stare back at that curious logic . romeo well , I do not think she nor I nor the God of golf he self can keep you from blow up in the open ... tin cup I make it this far ! I just get to hold it together for 72 more 76 . hole ! romeo there 's a lotta triple bogey out there wait to grab you ass . tin cup ( cheerily ) you be complain again ! Romeo 's back ! whine , bitching , piss off -- you be my man ! silence . some chagrin . romeo you do not fall in love with Earl to be you caddie ? tin cup he be a wheeze heart attack wait to happen -- cost I three stroke a side ... ( beat ) I carry my bag the last four hole . I love ol ' Earl but I need you . romeo you do not love I ? tin cup ( exasperate ) I love you , too , God damn it ! romeo as much as Earl ? tin cup I do not know ! yes , yes , as much as Earl -- ( beat ) more than Earl ! romeo be I special ? tin cup if you can remove the sexual connotation and overlay a golf theme , Romeo -- I be you juliet . Romeo ponder it all . romeo muy bien , julietta . in that case -- I be you caddy once again . 77 . tin cup podnuh . they shake hand . tin cup awright ... now that we get that bullshit outta the way , I be gonna hit I some ball and start oilin ' that sweet swing o' mine for the big boy ... Romeo sit back in the shade , still wash the thousand of golf ball in the rack , watch as -- 79 tin Cup drop a bucket of ball on the hardscrabble 79 ground , pull out a club and limber up . tin cup nobody hear from Molly , eh ? romeo you get it bad , do not ya ? tin cup somethin ' about that chick ... tin Cup address the ball and take a swing . everything look normal in he swing , but ... thwock ! -- the ball squirl off to the side and rattle against a fence . Ugly . tin cup hmmm ... little chili dipper there ... romeo be sure to do that in the open . unfaze , tin Cup step up to hit again , but ... once more -- thwock ! -- another horrible - look squib to the right . Romeo stop wash ball and notice , watch tin Cup . thwock , thwock ! -- something 's terribly wrong . close on tin cup concern cross he face . tin cup Romeo ! 78 . romeo I be watch . tin cup it be not no chili dipper . romeo yeah , boss , you get the ' S ' word . tin cup what be I do wrong ? romeo shank be like a virus -- they just show up . nobody can figure them out . thwock , thwock , thwock ! -- Three more chili dipper . we man definitely have the shank . and he 's panic . tin cup rome ! something 's terribly wrong . what 's you guess ?! romeo it 's the woman . tin cup I think you say it be a virus ? romeo a woman can have the same effect . tin cup what do I do ? romeo keep swinging ... dissolve to : 80 ext . range - that night ( much later ) 80 thwock , thwock , thwock ! -- night have fall and he still have the shank . the regular have gather and be huddle , murmure . the word have spread like wildfire -- tin Cup have the shank . clint never think it would happen ... earl the shank be for we mortal , not 79 . for the great one ... jose esta muy feo ... muy , muy feo ... ( it be very ugly , very , very ugly ... ) tin Cup angrily throw he club out into the night and turn to the regular . tin cup y'know why they name this game ' golf ' ? ' Cause the word ' fuck ' and ' shit ' be already take ! a car horn honk -- all head turn to see : Pov shot - pink corvette pull in -- doreen get out , carry a big package . doreen hiya , fella ! tin cup what be this ? everybody like to watch a train wreck ?! doreen approach the regular , and we notice for the first time that there be a number of bag and package with the boy . doreen he 's in one of he pleasant mood , I see -- romeo he 's get the shank . we get the making of a Greek tragedy here . doreen ( shouting to tin Cup ) quit whining and get over here . we have get something for you . tin Cup drag he sorry ass to the group . tin cup unless it 's a 'swing think , ' I be not interested ... doreen ( ignore he attitude ) we be here to sponsor you in the 80 . open . I a ' the boy have pool we resource and come up with some cash so you can look and feel as spiffy as all they big -name pro . tin cup but I get the shank -- doreen yeah , and you obviously still have a hard - on for the doctor chick -- you face be all screw up and tight like you have not be laid in awhile -- tin cup be it really that obvious ? doreen it 's not a good look for you . Roy , you heart be not the only organ you wear on you sleeve . there 's a certain , vulgar appeal to you transparency . tin Cup shrug . she always have he outflanke . clint c'mon , tin Cup , we be try to make you a presentation -- tin cup awright , awright ... she unwrap a tour golf bag -- Big gold and red lettering advertise " the Golden tassel . " pastie tassel hang from all over the bag . doreen set it down proudly . doreen I get the Golden tassel to sponsor you at the open . tin cup you expect I to pack that around ? romeo I be carry the bag . doreen it 's worth four hundred dollar endorsement money to you -- Earl step forward with a golf shirt bedeck with sewn on patch and logo . 81 . earl see , dewey get you first State bank of salome , and clint get you short -haul truck and I get you brink and Brown sanitation -- tin cup I be be sponsor by a sewage disposal system ? earl we call it human resource management , Roy , please ... Jose step forward with a golf cap , also emblazon . jose I have get wally 's smokehouse for ya -- kind of a nice sign ... dewey and since I could not get the post office to come aboard , I and my girl friend muriel 's gonna buy a fan club patch you can put anywhere you want . doreen and the regular look at tin Cup proudly . tin cup I be suppose to wear this shit ? jose this shit be we , man . you can not win without we . doreen you be the pride of salome ! tin cup Hell , I will not even make the cut ! doreen what happen to you confidence ? romeo he 's shanking he love life so he 's shanking the golf ball . doreen must be true love . romeo he 's a goner . tin Cup survey all the bizarre sponsorship loot , and start loosen up . this be he people , after all , 82 . and they be behind he all the way . tin cup look , everybody , this be great . I be sorry I be act so pathetic but my swing 's never abandon I before . I just need a little time to work it out . earl anything you want -- clint give he some room , boy -- tin cup ( to anyone who will listen ) maybe it 's my grip ... maybe I be open up too soon ... too late ... come over the top ... no , drop underneath ... ( beat ) oh , sweet Jesus , why have you abandon I ? doreen ( to the regular ) he 's try to talk to God . it 's time for we to go . doreen and the regular quietly slip away to leave tin Cup with he newly sponsor gift and , more importantly , he newly lose grip , swing , and confidence . romeo you want I to stay , boss ? tin cup I need to be alone . romeo you get it . and Romeo herd the rest of they out to they car in the lot . and as they drive away , tin Cup sit down , he head in he hand . dissolve to : 81 ext . range - next morning 81 the winnebago sit forlornly in the parking lot next to the range which have never look lonelier . tin Cup 's caddy convertible pull up to the winnebago . 83 . but Roy be not drive -- Molly be . she get out , go to the door . she knock . molly Roy ? anybody home ? there 's no answer so she try the door , and walk in on : CUT to : 82 int . winnebago - morning 82 tin Cup stand there catch , like a deer in the headlight , like a man catch cross dress , a private confession make public -- he can not run and he can not hide ... Roy " tin Cup " mcavoy be wear every gimmick that Molly first arrive with -- plus many more . he wear a pendulum cap , he arm be strapped together , a curious triangular coat hanger type contraption connect he elbow , there 's a neck brace , a ankle anchor , a arrow attachment to he leave hand , a bucket for right foot , he swing a collapsible club ... and a beginner golf video project loudly from he vcr , so loudly that he never hear she knock . molly my God ... tin cup aarghh ... molly Roy ... tin cup Dr. griswold ... a moment of pathetic silence , then : Molly start laugh -- he be destroy . tin cup the therapist laugh at she patient ? be that how it work ? a man be laid bare before God and he 's the butt of the cosmic joke ? molly I be sorry , I just ... tin cup some of this shit might actually 84. work , y'know ... I mean I think there 's something to this hat with the pendulum golf ball thing ... may be on to something here ... molly oh , Roy , Jesus ... quoting yourself , ' it be the paraphernalia for lose and desperate soul . ' tin Cup let down . the wind go out of he sail and he lose he defensiveness . tin cup well , God damn ... a lose and desperate soul stand before you . ( beat ) I assume I have the confidentiality of doctor-client privilege in regards to this outfit ? molly of course you do . what happen ? tin cup I get the shank . molly be you take penicillin ? tin cup it can not be treat ! it 's much worse than whatever you think it be . ( beat ) there 's a glitch in my swing . molly so it 's in Romeo 's department ? tin cup he think it 's you department -- say it 's a head thing . molly oh. well . I just come over to congratulate you on the regionals and return you car -- David say he do not want it , just want to make a point with you -- ( beat ) but I suppose we could have a therapy session right here and now -- 85 . tin cup I do not want therapy . I want you . molly Roy ... I gotta get some air -- tin cup look at I -- ( consider what that mean ) well , not right at the moment -- but listen to I . you be with the wrong guy . I be the right guy . everyone tell I my face be all screw up tight as a drum ' cause I have be crazy about you from the day you show up wear this stupid stuff and the whole damn thing have both inspire I to get here on the verge of greatness yet it 's also cause I to get the shank which could humiliate I in front of a zillion people . ( beat ) such be life . so dump that phony bastard and come to the open in my corner -- you can delay you romantic urge , which I know be lurking in there among the excess of brain cell you possess -- until the appropriate time ... ( beat ) tell I you be not at least moderately attract to I . tin Cup stand there with the ball still dangle from he hat , the leather strap , the bucket , the arrow -- for the moment he 's forget how stupid he look . molly you have moment . tin cup tell I which one be my moment and I will try to duplicate they . molly this be a moment . you look great . tin cup now ?! molly utterly expose , completely vulnerable , the inner child try to get out . 86 . tin cup my inner child need spanking . molly you always like that part about saddle up , the smell of leather -- tin cup c'mon , let 's have a drink . call it therapy . charge I 75 a hour . Little cuervo , little Freud ... she 's think about it . molly naw ... I gotta go . ( turn to leave ) oh , I do not have a car , I need a ride . CUT to : 83 ext . along river back to town - day 83 tin Cup and Molly in he convertible . he work on she without push too hard . tin cup I know a spot along the river 's great to watch the sunset ? molly not tonight . tin cup ' not tonight ' mean maybe some other night ? molly I do not mean it like that . tin cup consciously you do not mean it like that -- but how about unconsciously , you be the expert , do you mean it unconsciously ? molly unconsciously , Roy , I do not have a clue what I be talk about . tin cup I feel we be make progress . 87 . molly I do too . but I have no idea what it 's progress towards ... a84 ext . molly office - dusk a84 the caddy pull up in front of she office at the new mall . she get out . molly good luck in the open , Roy . tin cup put you money on I , Doc , the odd be fabulous and God know I be overdue ... he drive away , and we stay : close on molly watch tin Cup careen away in he caddy . CUT to : 84/85 ext . southwestern highway - day 84/85 the intrepid winnebago on the way to the open . Romeo drive -- tin Cup stare out the window . romeo you get to relax , boss -- tin cup goin ' to the U.S. open with the shank . gonna be chili dip my way around the course on worldwide television ... sure , relax . romeo I be gonna get rid of they shank for ya . no hay problema . tin cup Molly and I be circle each other ... I can feel it ... romeo she the enemy , boss . tin cup naw ... 88 . romeo well she wakin ' up with the enemy -- same thing . tin cup tell I something , rome -- the absolute truth -- you think I can go 72 hole without fall apart . Romeo keep drive , pretend not to hear . tin cup you hear I ! I do not want no bullshit ... do you think I can do it ? romeo I do not know , boss , I just do not know . and tin Cup put on he walkman , and stare out the window endlessly at a thousand mile of pass scenery , to the music of GEORGE jone ... dissolve to : 86 ext . desert - day 86 the winnebago rumble out of the country head east , and -- dissolve to : 94 . 87 ext . central TEXAS plain - day 87 the winnebago head out of the high plain . dissolve to : 89 ext . pine hill golf club ( NORTH CAROLINA ) - day 89 the winnebago pass through a " tunnel " of tall , old pine into a cathedral environment of old money and old golf . 90 int . winnebago - day 90 Romeo and tin Cup stare out into the tree , the lushness -- a couple of wide - eye kid . tin cup I bet this be the first winnebago they ever see here ... 89 . romeo yeah ... and the first mexican ... the winnebago pull up to a guard gate -- a security guard come to the window . a banner hang above the entrance a few pace past the security gate , proclaim : " Old pine -- U.S. open championship . " security guard yes ? romeo como esta , amigo . I have with I one of the legendary ball striker in the history of golf -- the Security Guard strain to see in . security guard who 's that ? Mr. crenshaw ? that you ? Mr. price , Mr. norman ? no ? tin Cup lean across Romeo to introduce himself . tin cup Roy ' tin Cup ' mcavoy . representing the great american Southwest . the Guard back off quickly , turn to he second . security guard do we have a ... mccormack ... on the list . romeo mcavoy -- Roy mcavoy -- he 's a legend ! security guard we get over 150 legend in this tournament . sorry . Romeo start cursing in Spanish . the Guard be unphase . security guard call the police . romeo Police ? the police quickly appear to take over the situation . tin Cup leap out of the winnebago to argue he point . tin cup there 's a mistake here , fella ! 90 . a cop grab tin Cup and Roy be ready to fight . it 's get ugly real fast . cop we will throw you ass in jail right now , pal -- there 's a lotta lunatic here and we do not take chance ... at that moment David simm pull in , drive a con - vertible sponsor 's car . he see the scuffle , get out . simm what 's the problem here ? security guard this clown say he 's in the open ... simm spot tin Cup -- a delicious moment for he . tin Cup want to hide but he just gamely cover he face . tin cup hiya , David ... nice sweater . security guard he 's not on the list . simm take the clipboard with the list . simm hiya , Roy ... welcome to the big league ... ( check the list ) here ya go , Charlie , he name 's right here . ( to tin Cup ) they spell you name wrong -- easy mistake with a total unknown . security guard ( to cop ) let he in . simm smile at tin Cup , the easy smile of a man on top . tin Cup do not respond , just ask the Guard : tin cup which way to the practice range ? as tin Cup try to regain some dignity , and climb back into the winnebago -- 91 . security guard ( to simm ) he say he be a ' legend ' ? simm oh he be ... he 's a very big name at a drive range in salome , Texas ... they all have a good laugh , and -- CUT to : 91 ext . practice range - day 91 lot of the big name be there . Romeo be like a kid at the ballpark . romeo look ! right there ! Fred couple ... and Ray floyd ! Romeo notice that tin Cup be stare at the pile of practice ball lie there on the tee . tin cup look at this ball . brand new titleist . lookit them , every one a brand new titleist . ( lower he voice ) sneak a few in the bag when you get a chance . we swipe enough free shit we might even pay for this fiasco . tin Cup limber up , try not to be in awe of the real legend who line the practice range , hit beautiful shot after beautiful shot with graceful ease . romeo you think it would be inappropriate to ask Ray floyd for a autograph ? tin cup I think it 's a dead giveaway , rome ... but if I still get the shank we be gonna be find out real fast ... tin Cup nudge a ball from the pile into address position . Romeo hand he a different club . romeo hit the seven iron . you never miss the seven ... 92 . tin cup good think , pod ... tin Cup waggle , shake , limber , address ... tin cup dollar bill ... and he swing . thwock ! a hideous shank squirrel across line , almost hit a group of U.S. open official . head turn . tin cup ( to anyone who will listen ) who hit that shot ? anybody see ? he address another one . and swing . thwock ! a disaster . he crumble . romeo a little thin , boss . tin cup a little fuck thin ?! I still get the shank ! everybody 's watch ! Christ , simm be here ... simm have arrive and be watch tin Cup with delight as he loosen up . romeo maybe we should work on put . ya can not shank a putt . tin Cup pretend to limber a little more before dare to strike another ball . tin cup if you be the mexican Mac o'grady , rome , you gotta figure out why I be still shanking the ball . ( beat ) what 's the problem ? I be catch it on the hosel , right ? move my head ? I be lay off it , I be pronate , I be supinate , I be clear too early , I be clear too late , I be off plane , I be not drop in -- oh , God , my swing feel like a unfold lawn chair . romeo you get a virus in you brain . I 93 . get to kill the brain to kill the virus . tin cup anything . kill I now ! romeo put all you change in you right pocket . tin Cup follow order , not question the logic . romeo very good . now tie you leave shoelace in a double knot . again , tin Cup dutifully follow order . romeo esta bueno . now , turn you hat around backwards and put a blue tee behind you right ear ... tin cup I will look like a fool . romeo what you think you look like hit that squirrelly chili pepper up freddy couple ' ass , eh ? do what I say or I quit . tin cup okay , okay ... romeo perfect ... now hit a seven iron into that tree over there . you be ready . tin Cup hit a perfect seven iron into the tree . tin cup how would I do that ? romeo you be not think about shanking , you be not think about the doctor lady , you be not think period . you just lookin ' like a fool and hittin ' it pure -- you natural state . tin cup fuck you . 94 . romeo you cure . tin cup that 's it ? romeo that 's it . you brain be get in the way . tin cup that 's rarely be a problem . what now ? romeo well , I should recommend you go work on you short game but I think it 's better if you go get drunk instead . tin cup get drunk ? romeo yeah . you always play better when you be waste . tin cup stare at the swami , and -- CUT to : 92 int . winnebago ( in parking lot ) - night 92 again to GEORGE jone on the cassette player , tin Cup be do a slow dance with he driver . Romeo sit on the couch , stone cold sober , pour drink after drink for tin Cup , who 's thoroughly plaster . tin cup it 's three in the morning , rome , what time I tee off ? romeo seven-o-five ... first group off ... keep drink , keep dance ... tin cup that 's four hour from now ? romeo you be drink till five ... c' mon , c'mon , have another -- ( a tough coach ) get you in shape -- 95 . tin Cup toss down yet another drink , and stagger around the room with he driver until , finally , he collapse in a heap on the floor . Romeo look down at he coolly , like horse trainer Wayne luka size up he derby entry . romeo nothing like the sight of a finely - tune athlete on the verge of greatness ... Romeo toss a blanket over tin Cup lie on the floor . CUT to : a93 ext . pine hill clubhouse - early morning a93 two figure hurry across the lawn to the first tee . we intrepid Don Quixote and Sancho panza . 93 ext . golf course - early morning 93 the first tee -- the early morning air be heavy and still . the course be quiet and wet with dew . the gallery be sparse . the silence be break by the starter 's voice . starter ( v.o. ) with the honor in the 7:08 pair , from salome , Texas , Mr. Roy mcavoy . a half - dozen people clap , and -- tin Cup and Romeo stagger to the tee , barely make it on time . tin Cup be massively hang -over and unshaven . tin cup no time for a bucket , eh ? romeo almost miss the start time try to get you off the floor , boss . you do not handle the hooch like you use to ... tin Cup try to get warm quickly , take a few hurried practice swing . the early tee time be strictly for the longest of long shot , and almost nobody be around . tin Cup 's hand shake as he close the velcro flap on he glove . he 's wear the hat and shirt with the sew - on patch , as he stare down the first fairway . Romeo hand he a driver . 96 . romeo I see this hole on tv . hit the big dog down the chute -- tin cup no , I have learn my lesson . gonna play it safe , smart , conservative . fairway and green . Hand I the two iron . romeo you sure ? tin cup think of the day be -- `be humble . ' and tin Cup launch a two iron down the first fairway . dissolve to : 94 ext . scoreboard - day ( later ) 94 the scorer post a eighty - three next to tin Cup 's name . tin Cup stare , shell - shocked , as he score be post . romeo eighty -three . well , you humble now . tin cup eleven bogey and seven par . I do not make a three . I do not make one goddam three all day . romeo you be not try to make three . you be try to avoid make thirteen . tin cup I be hungover ! romeo maybe that be a coach error on my part . tin cup thanks , amigo ... CUT to : 95 int . clubhouse bar - close on television above bar - 95 dusk 97 . David simm be interview . simm ( v.o. ) ( on the television ) I be the last person who expect I to come out of the block with a sixty - seven and lead the open ... it 's be a long time since I play this game with the fire and determination you need to win ... tin cup the anti-christ shoot 67 , you believe it ? romeo ol ' anti- Christ get a hot putter ... simm ( v.o. ) ( on television ) ... you see , this game be all about integrity and tradition and honor ... tin cup what ? it 's about cheating and racism and bullshit ! romeo easy , boss ... CUT to : 96 ext . just off eighteenth - day ( same time ) 96 live coverage of the simm interview . Molly be among a small crowd gather to watch . he do not seem to know that she 's there . simm ( live on mike ) so tomorrow I will just go out there and try to make some good swing and , Lord willing , maybe I can put up another good number . thank you . nantz thank you , David simm , a brilliant open round 67 to take the lead . simm walk away , now off - camera . fan call out -- 98 . fan David ! David ! over here ! simm gotta go . simm cut down behind the tent toward the clubhouse , away from the gallery . the marshal open a rope allow he to avoid the crowd , but -- a elderly couple with a young child be there . the lady have a tiny dog in she arm . old man Excuse I , Mr. simm ! ( off no response ) can you sign a autograph for we grandson ? simm ( snap ) can not you see I be busy ?! I be work ! this be my office ! do I come to you office and ask you for a autograph ?! Jesus ... he practically stiff - arm they as he pass , head up to the clubhouse . they stand there in shock . simm ( mutter to himself ) who the fuck this people think they be ... camera pan over to the edge of the tent . Molly , try to get to David , have see the whole thing . close on molly she speak to herself . molly Old people , child , and dog ... CUT to : 97 int . clubhouse bar - sunset 97 simm enter to numerous congratulation from official , caddy , other player . instantly , in public , he feign humility with convincing flair . player # 1 helluva round , Dave ! 99 . simm get lucky out there ... player # 2 great start , simmsy ... simm stop when he see tin Cup and Romeo drown they sorrow . simm hey , tin Cup -- hear you put a monster number up there ... tin cup coulda be worse ... a small bar crowd be enjoy simm ' taunt . simm I play in the pro - be with some asshole movie star shot 82 here once ... how do a great ball - striker like you , a `legend , ' manage to shoot a 83 ? tin cup I miss a four foot putt on the eighteen for a 82 , that 's how ... simm it be not like play some muni track in brownsville , be it ? a voice interrupt . molly do , `integrity , tradition , and honor ' include kick a man when he 's down ? simm oh , mol ' , this be just guy stuff , bar talk , part of the game -- no offense , right , Cup ? no answer . tin Cup 's about as low as one can go . molly ( defensively ) this man still have a lot of good golf shot in he system -- tin cup ( try to hide ) Molly , it 's okay , go away ... I do not need any attention right 100. now ... some guy at the bar ( to tin Cup ) you the guy shot 83 ?! molly David , I will bet you a hundred dollar right now that Roy here can hit a ball -- ( look around ) -- from right here to ... through that door to the patio ... she point to a double door , forty foot away across , the bar , about a 8 x 8 foot open . tin cup Molly , please ... molly ( to bartender ) and give I a vodka tonic with a twist -- simm Molly , really , this be not ... dignify ... molly Roy ? tin cup I wanta go back to Texas ... molly what about the river , the piranha , the immortality ? all that bullshit ? you gonna drag you ass home with a 83 ? ( look around ) in fact , two hundred say he can hit it through that door , over the patio , into the river , and make that pelican fly off that post . everyone strain to look -- Pov - about 170 yard away a pelican sit on a pile in the river . impossible . back to scene 101 . simm this be ridiculous ... but Romeo 's size it up . romeo you get that shot , pod , hood the seven , turn it over , start it low , right to leave ... Molly take a swig of she drink and slap some money on the bar . molly I be not leave till one of you man start act in a manly fashion . simm put a hundred dollar bill on the counter . simm let 's just get this over with . one ball , one swing , one gull . molly Roy ? tin Cup still sit , head half bury at the bar . he 's never pass up such a opportunity , but he 's pretty low . romeo you the man . he turn from he bar stool , glance at the situation . tin cup one swing ? four to one odd . simm I will make it ten to one . stick it up you ass . I be lead the open . molly now we be talk ! manly man ! whoas ! from the barside gallery . tin Cup rise and someone hand he a club . suddenly there 's a crowd , include Gary mccord who 's be watch from the far end of the bar . he grab a seltzer hose as if it 's a mike and begin announce . mccord ... he 's look at thirty yard of bar and grill , a open through the french door , forty yard of patio umbrella , a 102 . hundred yard of water , and a lonely pelican sit out there in a 15 mile a hour breeze , south by southwest ... ( beat ) he will probably try to shut down a four iron -- no , he 's select he trusty seven iron ... tin Cup step up to a ball lie on the carpet . tin cup kind of a thin lie ... simm beat all that deep rough you be in today ... romeo fore in the grill ! fore on the patio ! you be the legend , boss ... tin Cup suddenly back off the swing and turn to Molly . tin cup what be this all about ? molly shut up and hit the ball . mccord ( on " mike " ) the ledge still have to be think about that brutal , ego -sapping , manhood - robbing eighty - three he bury himself under yesterday . I mean , that 's just a avalanche of golf swing , a landslide , a pyroclastic flow -- tin cup dollar bill ... 98 and he swing -- the ball rocket through the hall and 98 clear the open door ... the bettor pile from the bar and grill and race to the patio to watch the flight of the ball , as -- it 's carry , it 's hook , it 's carry , then : thwack ! -- it hit the pile ! the seagull lift off , screeching angrily . romeo stiff , baby , stiff ! 103 . 99 a whoop go up -- and simm storm out . 99 simm I be outta here . you be all nut . molly I musta be blind think you be worth a shit , simmsy ! ( raucously ) drink on I , boy ! helluva shot , Roy ! tin cup actually I thin it a little or that pelican'd be fly around with a titleist up he ass ... this be the old tin Cup -- and he 's in the clubhouse with a eightyfuckingthree . CUT to : 100 ext . winnebago in parking lot - night 100 pour rain -- lightn and thunderstorm . it pour down on the club and the beat - up rv . Romeo stand outside with a umbrella , drag on a cigarette , try to stay warm . 101 int . winnebago - night 101 tin Cup and Molly in bed , light only by light spilling in from a parking lamp . they make love with enthusiasm , finally wobble to a stop . silence , except for the rain . until : tin cup I kinda shanke it , eh ? molly no , no , no ... you be great ... tin cup tempo be everything ... molly perfection 's unobtainable ... tin cup mighta rush it on the downsw ... 104 . molly come over the top a little ... tin cup yeah ... well , as walter hagen once say -- ' sex and golf be the only two thing you can be bad at and still enjoy ... ' molly let 's take a mulligan and tee it up again -- they embrace with enthusiasm and start thrashing again . 102 back outside 102 Romeo 's patience be get thin . he pound on the door . romeo you guy do yet ? this be no time for a marathon ... the rain keep come down . CUT to : 103 ext . golf course - next day 103 Galleries line fairway and fill stand . the course be wet , the sky threaten , but play be underway . 104 ext . television tower - day 104 jim nantz in the booth . nantz the sun be struggle to come out , the course be drying up , and in case you be just join we , the leader have just reach the ninth hole because of delay start time -- ( beat ) -- David simm be cling to a one shot lead over Peter Jacobsen ... but the real story be out on sixteen where a drive range pro who shot a open eighty - three be make a run at perhaps the most legendary round of golf in open history , johnny Miller 's sixty - three at oakmont -- Ben wright be in the tower at 105 . sixteen ... CUT to : 105 ext . sixteenth hole - day 105 we hear Ben wright 's voice as tin Cup mark he ball on the green . a small gallery have begin to follow he . wright ( v.o . ) if anyone be ever to make a run at what be the most storey number in open history , Miller 's sixty - three , it would be today when the rain have soften the green , enable the player to take dead aim at the flag . still , the unswerve courage of a unknown drive range pro from salome have raise that humble journeyman from the ash of a ignominious eighty - three to wave a mighty fist at the pantheon of golf 's immortal . this man , this Roy mcavoy have laid siege to the record book by birdie the first seven hole . a brave par from the water at eight , and a glorious birdie three at the daunt twelfth , another at thirteen ... tin Cup get he read , and step up to putt . wright ( v.o. ) ... this putt to go ten under for the day ... tin Cup putt -- when the ball be still two foot from the hole , tin Cup raise he putter in triumph ... and sure enough , the ball drop in the hole . CUT to : 106 ext . golf course - high angle - day 106 golf fan stream from other fairway to catch up as : a107 ext . seventeenth GREEN a107 tin Cup knock he approach to within six foot of the cup . the swell gallery at the green roar . CUT to : 106 . 107 int . drive range ( salome ) - evening 107 doreen be behind the till . the regular and several customer crowd the counter , stare up at the television as dewey rush in from he job . dewey they say on the radio he be ten under -- everyone shhhh !!! silence , everyone watch the tv , everyone start to contort in body - English , then : a joyous roar -- tin Cup 's putt go down . Earl twirl with glee . earl he 's shoot the lowest round ever ! clint and eighteen 's a par five . a birdie there , he shoot sixty ! doreen we gotta go , boy . we gotta get we on a Continental trailways and find this damn place ! CUT to : 108 ext . television tower - day 108 the monitor show tin Cup approach he ball in the fairway . Ken venturi be commentate . venturi mcavoy 's hit another big drive , but this be not a shot he want to get aggressive with ... 109 ext . eighteenth fairway - day 109 tin Cup and Romeo survey the shot -- a long downhill carry over a lake to a slightly elevate green . a shot similar to the one he pull off at the best -ball . romeo two-sixty to carry , Roy . you get to lay up , man . I do not care how good you swinging . you get to lay 107 . up . tin Cup look at the iron Romeo proffer . he look back at the shot , throw some grass in the air , testing the wind . he look at the gallery , the lake , the green , the whole grand set ... and then : he locate Molly behind the gallery rope , watch . she make a little charge gesture with she fist . and : tin Cup reach defiantly past Romeo and pull out the three wood . 110 ext . television tower - day 110 venturi and nantz watch tin Cup set up to play the shot . venturi his adrenalin 's get the better of he , Jim . if he lay up he take bogey out of play . venturi ( cont 'd ) but if he knock this ball in the water he could make seven or eight . and he still have to think about make the cut . summerall well , every golf fan in America be pull for he . 111 wearing that look , the look of eagle , tin Cup address 111 he ball ... and he swing -- the ball arch off he club , the gallery roar , and ... tin cup nope . ... tin Cup drop the three wood on he bag , even as : romeo carry , honey ! please ! carry ! lake the ball plunk in the water inch short of dry land . the gallery groans . back up fairway tin Cup smile at Molly with chagrin but not defeat . he turn to Romeo . 108 . tin cup what the hell . you ride 'er till she buck you or you do not ride at all . I can save par from here . tin Cup hit a wedge to within five foot . romeo up a ' down ... CUT to : 112 int . PRESS tent - evening 112 tin Cup be on the dais , field question from reporter . reporter # 1 how do you go from shoot a eighty - three one day to a record - break sixty - two the next ? tin cup well , it be not from clean live ... laughter from the reporter . reporter # 1 follow up . reporter # 1 if you have to do it again , would you still go for the green on eighteen ? tin cup yeah . and I will go for it tomorrow and I will go for it Sunday , cuz I do not come here to play for no second . CUT to : 113 int . winnebago - night 113 tin Cup , Molly , Romeo all asleep -- in the same bed . CUT to : 114 ext . golf course - leader board - day 114 show simm - 8 through twelve , Jacobsen - 7 through fourteen and mcavoy - 7 through seventeen . 115 ext . eighteen - day 115 109 . a huge gallery line the fairway and gird the green as tin Cup approach he ball in the middle of the fairway . the fan holler " you da man " at tin Cup . CUT to : 116 int . television tower - day 116 nantz and venturi in the booth . tin Cup be on the monitor , arrive at he ball . we hear shout from the gallery , encourage he to go for the green . venturi it 's the same shot he knock in the water yesterday . and the thing for he to do right now be to tune out the gallery , rein in he emotion , and forget what he say in yesterday 's interview . he have to lay up . 117 ext . eighteenth fairway - day 117 Romeo palm the seven iron , wait for tin Cup to decide on he play . tin cup gimme the three wood . Romeo pick up some grass and flip it in the air . it blow away from the green . romeo there 's wind up there . tin cup I know . 118 int . television tower - day 118 the announcer see tin Cup take out the three wood . nantz well , he have not show a ounce of fear all day . venturi this be not courage , Jim . this be inexperience , pure and simple . 119 ext . eighteenth fairway - day 119 110 . tin Cup step up to he shot . tin cup this be for venturi , up there in the booth , think I should lay up ... ( address he ball ) dollar bill ... he swing and hold the pose . he catch the ball perfectly -- it sail high and true into the luffing breeze , the gallery roar , and ... ... the ball drop , sploosh ! into the water , a couple foot short of dry land . the gallery groans . ` back to tin cup stare amaze , almost betrayed , that he ball do not carry the water . tin cup that 's a long fuck way . ( hold out he hand ) gimme another ball . romeo Roy ... tin cup what ? romeo it 's a water hazard . you go up there and take a drop . try to save par like you do yesterday . tin Cup 's eye blink with think as Romeo 's word get through to he . tin cup you be right . what the hell be I think ? and he start down to the water . a thunderous ovation greet he approach , and he raise he hat to salute the fan salute he . CUT to : 120 int . PRESS tent - afternoon 120 tin Cup snarl at the impudent question of reporter # 3. 111 . tin cup I save par , do not I ? reporter # 3 I be just try to understand you think . you be in the same spot on eighteen yesterday without a headwind and you -- tin cup you do not think I can knock it on from there ? reporter # 3 it seem like a low - percentage shot . tin cup so be I ! look at I . I be play for ... ( point at he sew - on patch ) ... Rio Grande short - haul truck , brink and Brown sanitation , first State Bank of salome , wally 's smokehouse ... you think a guy like I bother to think about the percentage ? -- CUT to : 121 ext . waffle house - night 121 a low - rent roadside cafe specialize in waffle . 122 int . waffle house - night 122 tin Cup , Molly and Romeo study the menu . molly I have get some money from the pelican bet -- why do not we go somewhere fancy and celebrate -- get ready for the final round . tin cup nothing to celebrate yet . plus this be my people . I be a waffle house guy -- gotta stay in touch with that ... romeo plus he need he carbohydrate -- 112 . tin cup if the boy from salome be in town -- this be where they would be ... the boy from salome walk in -- with doreen , all look like hell from the long bus trip . they be ecstatic to see tin Cup and Romeo . clint the legend ! earl God damn , we be drive for two day to help you in the last round -- jose saw the winnebago outside -- we be starve ... dewey sixty-two ! sixty-two ! tin cup we be home now ! romeo you boy a sight for sore eye . we so damn sick of guy in blazer and slack that do not wrinkle . it be not natural ' round here ... doreen congratulation , Roy -- we be with you all the way . tin cup doreen , meet Dr. griswold ... er , Molly ... my shrink -- molly ex -shrink . ( matter-of -factly ) we be sleep together now so I can not be he therapist . doreen I know it . molly knew what ? doreen nothing , dear . good luck . ( look around ) say , I have a little extra cash -- why do not we go somewhere fancy and celebrate -- y'know , kinda get 113 . ready for the final round ? but the regular overwhelm she . dewey this be the waffle House , doreen -- curt Hell , I be dream of waffle for 1800 mile ... earl they get a waffle house in odessa just about like this ... jose odessa ? it 's in midland , be not it ?... clint no , it 's in odessa . they all pull up chair and settle in for a long evening at the waffle House . tin Cup lean back in he chair , turn to Molly . tin cup it just do not get much better than this ... clint / earl you the man , Cup , you the man ... Romeo lean over to doreen amidst the chaos and speak with suave elegance . romeo you be look particularly lovely this evening ... the coif be extraordinary . doreen why thank you ... Romeo . CUT to : 123 int . winnebago - night ( later ) 123 all twelve of they be asleep or nearly so in the r.v. , sprawle on and over every surface . much snore . close on molly her face close to tin Cup 's . both awake . 114 . molly you nervous about tomorrow ? tin cup yeah , I be nervous . so 's everybody else . but I only gotta come and catch simm . sixty -seven guy gotta come and get I ... silence . except for the random snore . tin cup it will not always be like this ... y' know ... with I ... surround by all this guy ... snore ... a stripper ex-girlfriend on the floor ... my caddie sleep next to she ... all of we damn near break ... will not always be like this ... she put she finger over he mouth gently . molly yes it will ... yes it will ... and it 's okay ... CUT to : a124 ext . winnebago - dawn a124 tin Cup slip out of the trailer -- Romeo follow . dissolve to : b124 ext . range - early am b124 tin Cup hit golf ball alone , except for the faith - ful Romeo , get ready for the final round of the U.S. open . CUT to : c124 int . winnebago - morning c124 Molly serve coffee to the regular . she 's upset . molly which one of you be the bookie ? dewey we all be , but Earl 's the best . 115 . molly what be the odd that Roy will win ? earl Vegas have he at ten to one . they be sure he 's gonna self - destruct . molly that sound good to I -- I want you to place a bet for I . five thousand nine hundred dollar on tin Cup to win . they stare nervously . curt that 's you nestegg . earl that 's a bad idea , honey -- we love he , but he 's gonna fuck - up -- molly I say put it all on Roy . get it ? dewey we can not let you -- molly boy -- silence . Molly 's in charge . she hand they a roll of cash . molly put it all on tin Cup . Earl reluctantly take the money . CUT to : 124 ext . putting GREEN - morning 124 tin Cup hit putt , intense , focus . Peter Jacobsen work he way over to tin Cup . jacobsen look a little tight , ledge . tin cup musta get too much sleep last night . how you choke ? 116 . jacobsen just get one think in my head . ten under . that 's my number . tin Cup look up , amused by the gamesmanship . tin cup no one 's ever be ten under for the open , not even Nicklaus . jacobsen that 's right , ledge . not even Nicklaus . and he move off to putt . tin Cup drop a couple ball on the green to putt , and : a ball roll past they and into a hole . tin Cup look over and see simm . simm sorry , Roy , can not believe I do not see you with all that high - priced endorsement crap you be flaunt . tin cup that 's always be you problem , Dave . you do not think about win ; you just want to look good . ( turn away to putt ) thing be , this be not a beauty pageant . ( turn back , get in simm ' face ) and it be not a rain - shorten quad city or a Greater Greensboro you can back into . this be you and I , pal . this be match - play , and this time you be not get no three shot . CUT to : 125 ext . first tee - high angle - day 125 a large gallery surround the tree and line the fairway as : starter with the honor in the final pair , from salome , Texas , Mr. Roy mcavoy . boisterous applause . tin Cup tip he cap and nod at 117 . David simm , he pair in this the final twosome of the final round of the U.S. open . tin cup fairway and green , Dave ... and do not forget to wave as I blow by . simm you mean blow up ? like you always do ? and tin Cup move to the tee . his hand shake worse than it do the first day as he tee he ball . stepping back to line up he shot , he peer down the fairway through a narrow corridor of face . a daunt sight . he edge over to Romeo and tautly whisper : tin cup do I a favor . Bet I a buck I do not put it in the fairway . romeo I bet you a hundred . tin cup okay , good . ( go to tee off ) put thing back in perspective . CUT to : 126 ext . first hole - minute later 126 tin Cup look at he ball , almost invisible in the deep rough . he try to locate the green beyond the tree that surround he . in golf parlance , he 's in jail . he select a club . romeo which way you go ? tin Cup point over the tree . Romeo grimace . tin Cup address the shot . then : tin Cup swing -- the ball flutter weakly out of the rough and disappear into the branch of a bushy tree , drop eventually next to its trunk , and : CUT to : 127 leader board 127 a scorer change the number beside tin Cup 's name from - 7 118. to - 5 . simm be still - 7 . CUT to : 128 ext . third tee - day 128 tin Cup arrive on the tee where simm now have the honor . simm Nice double , Roy . tin cup just keep make par , asshole . simm I will take eighteen of them . tin cup and I will own you . CUT to : 129 ext . third GREEN - day 129 Molly and doreen stand together behind the big gallery . Molly be use a cardboard periscope to look over the gallery to the green . doreen be on she tip -toe but all she can see be the back of head . a swell of cheer build , then turn to groan . molly oh no , tin Cup run it five foot past . ( beat ) how do he get the name ' tin Cup ' ? doreen ( o.s. ) he play catcher on the high school baseball team . the star pitcher have this big-league curve , and not all he pitch hit Roy in the mitt . finally , you gotta respect a man 's doggedness . you know ? ( beat ) the team decide tin Cup sound better than clank . Molly put down the periscope at that remark , and hand it to doreen . molly ' clank ' 's not a good name for a man ... 119 . doreen look through the periscope . periscope's Pov - tin cup lining up a putt . she pan over to Romeo help he . doreen ( v.o. ) tell I something , Molly ... have you ever have a Latin lover ? CUT to : 130 ext . leader board 130 the regular study the board -- the scruffiest lot ever see at a open . next to they stand a group of u.s.g.a. official , all in neat , match blazer . the contrast be thrill . clint we boy 's in trouble ... ya think he 's chokin ' ? earl we boy do not choke . he fuck up but he do not choke ... the scorer change the number beside tin Cup 's name to -- - 4 . simm be - 7 , and -- CUT to : 131 ext . tv tower - day 131 wright look at the monitor where tin Cup stand among some tree . BEN wright this be disaster for mcavoy . after lose three shot to par in the first four hole , he should have just take iron off the tee to get the ball in play . do he have any shot at all , Gary mccord ? 132 ext . fifth hole - day 132 tin Cup 's ball lie on dirt next to the trunk of a tree . he survey he option . behind he , wear a headset , mccord analyze the situation for the tv viewer . 120 . mccord this be definite jail . this be life without parole . his only chance to stage a jail - break be go at the ball left-handed and hope he can somehow snake it back into the fairway , and save par from there . tin Cup glare balefully back at mccord . then he walk over to a nearby tree , and survey the line to the green from it . he walk back for he ball , turn to mccord ... and we see that familiar fierceness aflame in tin Cup 's eye . tin cup fifty buck say I knock it on ... with a seven iron . and he select the seven iron , address the ball right - hand , and : he swing -- the ball rocket low off he club , and ... ... it ricochet off the trunk of a nearby tree , and ... ... it bounce up the fairway , skitter past a trap , and trickle onto the green , stop ten foot from the pin . the gallery go crazy as tin Cup step from the wood collect he money from mccord while jabbing a taunting finger at simm . 133 int . television tower 133 nantz and wright stare at the monitor . nantz that take ball ... 134 ext . golf course 134 simm ignore tin Cup 's taunt , and line up he shot . simm ( to himself ) that 's just Roy be Roy . just wait he out , Dave . just make par . let he make the mistake . and he hit he iron to the fat part of the green , and -- tin cup ( o.s. ) beauty , Dave . par write all over it . 121 . 135 ext . leader board 135 the scorer post a - 5 next to tin Cup 's name . simm be still at - 7 , and -- CUT to : 136 ext . golf course - ninth GREEN 136 tin Cup intently follow the flight of he iron shot , as : the ball land near the front of the green , bounce , then roll , follow the contour of the green . it finally stop five foot from the pin . a swelling , deafening roar from the gallery accompany the unfold shot , and -- 137 ext . tenth tee 137 Jacobsen look toward the roar at the ninth green . jacobsen he 's make he run . 138 ext . leader board 138 the scorer post a - 6 next to tin Cup 's name . simm be still at - 7 . CUT to : 139 ext . tenth GREEN - day 139 Molly and doreen watch tin Cup drain a putt . molly ( still watch tin Cup ) so why would you leave he ? doreen you ever date a guy who actually believe in soul mate ? molly actually , no . doreen he think he 's a tough guy , but he 's a hopeless romantic . 122 . and as the gallery fall silent , she turn to watch tin Cup . CUT to : 140 ext . eleventh GREEN - day 140 tin Cup 's firmly - strike putt spin out of the hole . the gallery groans , share he agony , and -- 141 ext . twelfth tee 141 Jacobsen , pause to watch , sigh with relief before start down the fairway . CUT to : 142 ext . thirteenth hole - day 142 tin Cup follow the flight of he approach , and up ahead on : 143 ext . fourteenth tee - day 143 Peter Jacobsen hear the gallery roar . he turn to he caddie , incredulous . jacobsen he 's throw dart back there . we gotta make birdy , squeaky , or we be play for second . and he snatch he driver from the bag , determine to make birdy . CUT to : 144 ext . leader board 144 the scorer post - 7 next to tin Cup 's name . simm be still at - 7 , as be Jacobsen . and ... 145 ext . fourteenth GREEN - day 145 Jacobsen roll a long putt into the hole , and as the gallery cheer , he point a finger of challenge back at -- tin Cup wait in the fairway . tin Cup seem to enjoy the taunt . tin cup that 's right , Peter . you and I . that 's all there be . 123 . and he select a club , and ... CUT to : 146 int . drive range ( salome ) - day 146 tin Cup 's fan , deeply into the beer by now , contort with body - english and holler at the tv screen . fan get in there ! come on ! go down ! they explode with cheer . some twirl with glee . other exchange high fives . earl he 's tie for the lead again ! and they be run outta hole ! CUT to : 147 ext . television tower - day 147 the leader board be superimpose on the monitor . mcavoy - 8 , Jacobsen - 8 , simm - 7. nantz so it 's come down to the seventy - second hole of this great championship , and the skill and courage of three texans who have duel throughout the day for the chance to be crown open Champion ... Peter Jacobsen be on the fairway at 8 under , mcavoy at the 18th tee be tie at minus 8 , and David simm trail by one ... 148 ext . eighteenth tee 148 tin Cup and Romeo watch Jacobsen hit he shot . tin cup Jacobsen 's lay up . ( turn to simm ) you be not gonna have that luxury , Dave . not if you play to win . he move to the tee , and ... CUT to : 124 . 149 ext . television tower 149 the monitor show tin Cup 's drive bound down the middle of the fairway . nantz mcavoy 's hit a perfect drive , Ken . venturi I be not sure that 's good news for mcavoy . with he inexperience , the last thing he need be a excuse to fool with that water again today . 150 back to tee 150 tin Cup whisper to Romeo as simm tee up . tin cup I do not catch it all . romeo then you get to lay up . simm rip a drive down the middle , the ball landing a little short of Roy 's . 151 ext . eighteenth fairway - day 151 tin Cup in the fairway , study he shot . tin cup so birdie win it . he look at simm , ten yard across the fairway from he . tin cup you or I , Dave ? simm point to himself . he have a wood in he hand , but he put the club back and reach for a iron . tin Cup edge closer to Romeo . tin cup ( whisper ) he 's lay up . Birdie to tie , eagle to win , and that gutless wonder 's lay up . romeo ( whisper ) par to tie , birdie to win ... you lay up too , Roy . you can make birdie lay up . 125 . they watch simm lay up . then Romeo offer tin Cup a iron , hope he will take it . tin cup you know something , Romeo ? Eagle put I ten under . no one 's ever finish a open ten under , not even Nicklaus . romeo you do not need a eagle . Birdie win , par tie . ( firmly ) hit the lay up . hole a wedge for goddamn eagle . tin Cup throw some grass in the air , look back at the green , the gallery , the whole grand set ... and he seek out Molly 's face in the crowd . he move over so she can hear he . tin cup this be everything , be not it ? this be the choice it come down to . this be we immortality ... romeo no time to be thinkin ' ' immortality , ' Cup ... time to be thinkin ' 7 iron . Molly stand with doreen , hearing tin Cup 's word . thrill and terrify and spellbound , she find herself nodd . doreen , on the other be turn ash -white . doreen oh no . this be what always happen . he 's go for it . molly go for it ! doreen no ! he just need par to tie ! tell he to lay up ! he listen to you ! molly go for it , Roy ! knock it on ! doreen this be why we split up -- he always go for it ... molly my problem be I have never be with 126 . a man who go for it ... doreen well , honey , he 's you guy . back to tin cup he select the three wood . Romeo sigh . 152 ext . television tower - day 152 nantz good Lord , he 's go for the green . venturi this could be tragic . 153 ext . eighteenth fairway 153 tin Cup 's eye focus with the look of eagle as he address the shot . tin cup one swing , Roy . one good swing . dollar bill ... he swing -- the ball explode off he club . tin Cup hold the pose ... tin cup we be home ... suddenly a gust of wind blow , out of nowhere , and tin Cup 's cap blow off , provoking immediate concern . tin cup ... little gust there , rome ... 154 television monitor 154 pick up the flight of the ball approach the green , carry it seem by the swell roar of the gallery . the ball clear the water ... ... and land at the top of the slope front the elevate green . it pop up in the air , land just past where it hit , and come momentarily to rest . the gallery roar . and then : the ball start trickle back down the slope , gain speed , move towards the water , even as the gallery scream for it to stop ... 127 . ... until finally it disappear into the water with scarcely a ripple . 155 back to tin cup 155 he stare first with betrayal , then with anger , and look at Romeo , who just shrug , then at Molly . molly you can still make par from up there -- romeo she 's right , pod , a drop and a stroke , up and down par -- we will win it in sudden death . but tin Cup still have the look of eagle . he 's stare at the shot he just make , still hold the three wood . tin cup I nutte that thing . Little gust from the god cost I ... romeo helluva move you put on that sucker , now let 's get up there , take the drop , and make we par , tie Peter ... tin cup I can make this shot . romeo not now . tin cup now . tin Cup throw another ball on the ground . tin cup I be play it from here . molly take you drop and make you par ! tin Cup address the ball . CUT to : 156 ext . television tower 156 venturi nearly come out of seat watch tin Cup take a 128. drop from he original lie . venturi I do not believe this . he just take himself out of the tournament with that drop . he could have walk up to the hazard line , save par with a wedge and force a playoff with Jacobsen . now he need a miracle shot . mccord ( v.o. ) Ken , I be right behind mcavoy here . and all he say to he caddie be : I can make it across . 157 ext . eighteenth fairway - day 157 tin Cup swing again -- the ball sail long and true once again , and once again ... 158 ... it land into the hill , bounce once , and trickle 158 back into the water . venturi ( v.o. ) oh , my . this be tragic . 159 back to tin cup 159 holding he hand out to Romeo , as the gallery murmur uncomfortably . tin cup gimme another ball . back to doreen and molly watch behind the rope . molly I can not believe he 's do this . doreen ( unfaze ) I can , honey ... molly he can blow the whole tournament ! doreen it 's a miracle he last this long ... 129 . CUT to : 160 regular 160 wait at the green , amidst the rest of the gallery who 's in shock about tin Cup 's decision to keep go for it , keep try to prove a point . clint he do blow a gasket , boy ... earl the wheel be definitely fall off now ... jose it be a miracle while it last ... regular ' Pov tin Cup swing a third time . CUT to : 161 ext . eighteenth GREEN - day 161 a ball land sploosh ! in the water , and ... 162 back up fairway 162 tin Cup hold out he hand for yet another ball , say nothing . Romeo hand he another ball . tin Cup unload another 3 - wood . another splash . tin Cup hold out he hand again . romeo this be you last ball , man . if this get wet , you disqualified . tin cup I can make it across . tin Cup snatch the ball from Romeo 's hand . 163 ext . television tower 163 venturi and nantz can barely look at the monitor . 130 . venturi this be the most painful thing I have ever watch . mccord ( v.o. ) Jim , this be the last ball he have in he bag . if he do not finish the hole with it , he can not turn in a card . he will be disqualified . venturi and nantz cover they eye . tin Cup unload another three wood -- another splash . 164 back to tin cup 164 he look at Molly . close on molly she 's just laugh . Romeo toss down another ball -- tin Cup launch he fifth attempt to clear the pond . splash . molly you be right , Roy , what the hell ! let 'er rip ! doreen you two be make for each other . back to tin cup this be still all business to he . he set he jaw , address the shot , and : tin cup dollar bill ... he swing -- another perfect shot ... but this time the wind relent a knot , and : 165 ball 165 clear the water , clear the slope , hit the front of the green , roll up toward the pin , and drop in the hole . the gallery go berserk ! 166 back to tin cup 166 raising he three wood aloft in triumph , he look over at Molly and finally crack a smile . 131 . 166 continued : 166 and when she smile back , he take he hat off and walk to the green , to as great a ovation as the game have ever hear . CUT to : 167 back in television tower 167 venturi and nantz slump , drain , over they monitor . CUT to : 168 int . scorer' tent - day 168 tin Cup and simm sign they card and get up to leave in unison . simm turn to tin Cup and have to shake he head . simm I gotta hand it to you , Roy . when you go down , you go down in flame . tin cup someday you can tell you grandchild you finish second in the U.S. open ... ( beat ) -- just do not tell them how . and he move brusquely past simm and out of the tent , congratulate tubb , the winner , as he pass . tin cup good job , tubbsy ... you win it . and out of the scorer 's tent ... 169 ext . scorer' tent 169 a roar go up from the milling fan as tin Cup emerge . he try to smile , but it 's all dawn on he . tin cup my God ... I just give away the open ... and then mccord be there , shove a mike in tin Cup 's face . 132 . mccord ledge , I know it 's tough to talk right now , but -- tin cup it 's not difficult to talk ... it 's difficult to explain ... I coulda laid up and still win . I make a twelve on the last hole of the U.S. open . you know how much money that cost I ? mccord cost you a bundle ... tin cup I gotta get outta here . mccord it be the great 12 I ever see . back to you , Jim ... tin Cup exit the scorer ' tent and run into the regular -- they be beam , undyingly loyal . clint and earl greatest 12 I ever see ... you crunch that dog , baby ... gorgeous shot , etc ... he look up and there 's Molly -- he stop short . they embrace . tin cup Molly , I be a idiot . I give away the open . the one time in my life I know the play be to hit the lay up -- my whole life and future and career on the line , and I still can not make myself do it . I be a twisted human be and a cautionary tale . and I guess I be a fool ? molly yes . a magnificent fool ... dissolve to : a170 ext . drive range ( salome ) - night a170 mosquito , pool of light , the tractor chug around pick up ball . CUT to : 133. b170 int . drive range cafe - night b170 Romeo and doreen eye each other -- lock in a stare of long and mystery . tango music come from a boom BOX . they begin to move toward each other in a tango step . CUT to : 170 ext . drive range - night 170 tin Cup and Molly be sit , foot up , a couple Lone Star beer beside they , just take in the warm Texas night . her head rest on he shoulder . the world at peace . tin cup some people do not like West Texas but I think it 's the most beautiful place on earth ... molly it have its charm ... ( beat ) y'know , by finish in the top 15 at the open you qualified to be in it next year -- tin cup damn , I do not know that ... molly I be think with you game you should go back to the qualify School , try to get out on tour ... tin cup then I would not see you ... molly actually , I pick up a whole bunch of new client at the open . lotta guy on the tour say if I could do that much for you , imagine what I could do for they ... tin cup there 's a lotta head case out there , you could make a bundle ... molly and sleep in the winnebago at night ... 134 . silence . tin cup y'know ... a man go through what I have go through , he 's suppose to learn something . ( beat ) I be try to figure out what I learn . do I learn anything ? molly you be learn some discipline and self-control ... tin cup and that there 's a time in life to play it safe ... molly that 's great , Roy ... and I be learn how to listen to the tuning fork , throw caution to the wind , and take crazy risk I never think be possible ... tin cup c'mon , Molly , when do you ever take a crazy risk ? molly I fall for you ... wide shot - landscape a desolate drive range outside of salome , Texas . bug , truck pass in the night , and a tiny radio sending GEORGE jone across the plain . fade out . the end