tin men written by barry levinson June 1986 shoot draft for educational purpose only 1 . screen be black . in white letter we read : baltimore 1963 . fade in : 1 ext . cadillac dealership - day 1 bill babowsky ( " bb " ) , a wiry , dapper-look man in he mid-thirty , be circle a baby blue cadillac . a salesman follow on he heel . salesman she 's a beauty . bb ( look at salesman ) who ? salesman what ? bb who 's the beauty ? salesman the car . bb I think maybe you see some chick walk by . I lose my concentration . why do they call car ' she ' ? they never say ' he '... always ' she . ' the salesman shrug he shoulder . bb walk around the cadillac . bb very nice ... very nice . CUT to : 2 ext . neighborhood - line of row house - day 2 we hear yelling . 3 int . row house - day 3 nora , a rather plain , but attractive woman in she early 30' , be yell up the stair . nora you be a sick man ! sick ! do ya hear I ?! do ya hear I ?! ( continued ) 2 . 3 continued : 3 peek around the bannister from the second floor be ernest tilley , also in he 30' , handsome in a boyish way . tilley who 's sick ? nora who do ya think I be scream at ? how many of you be there up there ? there 's only you , and you be a sick human be . tilley ( quietly , come down a few step ) where 's my white on white shirt ? the nice one , you know . nora it 's like yell through a wall to you . I be carry on about what a disgusting human be you be , and all you want to know be where you white on white shirt be . tilley yes , the one with the permanent stay . CUT to : 4 ext . cadillac dealership - day 4 bb be now sit in a cubicle in the office with the salesman , go over the contract on the car . bb now do not try to hustle I here ... you know what I mean . I hate be hustle . give I a honest price , not one of you ' special ' deal ... give I a honest price . do I make myself clear ? salesman now , how much be you willing to pay ? bb there ya go ... there ya go ... you be do it ... you be do one of that hustle number . ( continued ) 3 . 4 continued : 4 salesman I be just try to get a idea how much you be willing to pay . bb four dollar ... I want to pay four dollar a month . salesman that 's not a honest answer . bb what do ya want to hear ? that I would love to pay three hundred and fifty a month ... be that what you want to hear ? tell I how much you want I to pay and I will tell you how much I will pay , but do not do a hustle on I ... I do not like that . how much do I want to pay ? I would like to pay nothing ! CUT to : 5 ext . tilley's house - day 5 tilley 's leave the house with he tie undone around he white on white shirt . he carry he sport jacket , and nora be stand at the door yell at he . nora you be be unreasonable . you do not even want to listen . tilley I do not know what I do ... I get no idea . if it 's my fault , I be sorry ... I be sorry . I can do no better than that . a full unconditional apology . tilley walk down the step of the house and go to he car -- a cadillac . he get inside , start the engine and pull away . nora remain on the porch watch the car ... one lonely figure in a neighborhood of hundred of duplicate house . CUT to : 6 ext . cadillac dealership - day 6 bb and the salesman be come out of the office . ( continued ) 4 . 6 continued : 6 salesman if you even have the smallest problem , call I personally and I will just shoot you straight into the service department . bb and I get a loaner if the car 's get to stay ? salesman as we discuss , you get a car if the car have to be keep overnight . bb I get a loaner ? the salesman nod . CUT to : 7 int . tilley's car - day 7 he drive along , mumble to himself . tilley she 's gonna drive I to my grave ... I be head to my grave ... the woman 's drive I insane ... it 's not suppose to happen this way . he start move he head -- stretch he neck from right to leave . tilley it 's not even eleven o'clock and my neck be stiffening up . he jut he jaw out . tilley my neck 's tight ... it 's tight . CUT to : 8 ext . cadillac dealership - day 8 bb get into the shiny , baby - blue cadillac , put it in reverse and start to back out of the car lot . 5 . 9 int . tilley's car - day 9 tilley be do neck exercise , roll he head from leave to right as he drive . he see a red light ahead and start to slow down , continue to roll he head . 10 ext . bb's cadillac - day 10 bb see the light be red and start to back into the street . 11 int . tilley's car - day 11 tilley roll he head back as he slow to 15 mile a hour . 12 ext . bb's cadillac - day 12 bb back into the street think that tilley 's car be go to stop . 13 int . tilley's car - day 13 tilley be still roll he head . CUT to : 14 ext . STREET - day 14 tilley 's cadillac and bb 's cadillac crash into one another . the entire right rear of bb 's shiny , baby - blue cadillac be smashed . both man be shocked and momen - tarily confuse . after a beat , both tilley and bb bolt from they car . tilley look at he buckle hood . bb race up to tilley 's face . bb be you a lunatic ? can not you see I be try to back out of this lot ? there 's a red light , you shoulda stop . tilley I ? what be you , crazy ? you just want to back into the middle of the street like that . a man 's just drive along and you back into the middle of the street . what kind of drive be that ? what kind of drive ? ( continued ) 6 . 14 continued 14 bb there 's a red light , I be make a space for myself ... that 's what I be do , in order to get into the street ... that 's something ya do ! tilley you come out of nowhere ... you bolt out of no place ... bolt out of nowhere . bb bolt ! at six mile a hour I be bolt into the street ! you schmuck ! you schmuck ! he move toward tilley . tilley back away from I , do ya hear I ? back away from I . bb back away ? you want I to back away ? I will back away . he turn to walk away from tilley , walk and then turn back and kick in the headlight of tilley 's car . tilley you be a fuck lunatic ! he go for bb , jump he and they both fall on to the trunk of bb 's car . people have start to gather and immediately jump in and pull bb and tilley apart . bb you be a madman ! smash into I , attack I ... the man be crazy ! people continue to pull they apart . man # 1 come on now , calm down , calm down . he hold bb 's arm . another man grab for tilley and try to pull he off bb. man # 2 take it easy ... take it easy ... ( continued ) 7 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 tilley ( to people watch ) get this guy ! will ya get this guy ? back in front of I , and then kick my headlight in ... and I be crazy . you lunatic ! tilley make another jump for bb . again , people try pull they apart . bb you be go to prison . death ! death ! they be go to give you death ! bb look at he brand new cadillac with the smashed - in side . bb car only have one sixteenth of a mile , and I have be hit . he turn back and look at tilley . bb I be gonna get even with you , you son of a bitch ... I be gonna get even with you . this be no ordinary traffic accident . tilley you want to drive a cadillac , learn how to drive . you want to get even with somebody ? you pick the wrong person to get even with . nobody back into traffic , smashes my car and say they want to get even . I be gonna get even ! CUT to : 15 int . diner - day 15 seat at a booth be three aluminum siding salesmen have they late morning breakfast . SAM pickle , a heavyset man in he 50' , delicately butter he toast , and be shaking he head sadly . SAM do ya see ' Bonanza ' last night ? can you tell I why Ben cartwright have a color guy stay over ? ( continued ) 8 . 15 continued : 15 gil , who be pour half a pound of sugar into he coffee , look up . gil Ben cartwright have a color guy stay overnight at the ponderosa ? mouse , who be pick he tooth with a matchbook , squint at Sam with a investigative look . mouse do he know this guy personally ? SAM no ... he be just pass through , ask if he could stay over , and Ben cartwright say ' sure thing . ' it do not make any sense ... he invite a strange color guy in ... invite he in to stay . be that crazy or what ? if a color guy come to my door and say ' can I stay the night , ' I would tell he ' get the fuck out of here ' ! it 's nothing personal , mind you . mouse you be not a bigot , be that what you be tell we ? SAM I ? no , I be not a bigot . gil if you be not , how come you be make such a big thing out of it ? SAM it 's the fact the Ben cartwright 's on the ponderosa ... he 's in the middle of nowhere . it 's not like he 's live on reisterstown Road with house all around ... we be talk about the West here . it 's the idea that a strange guy come to the door in the middle of the West . it do not make sense , that 's all I be say . mouse come on ... you be a bigot , that 's what you be . ( continued ) 9 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 SAM listen , I will sell tin to anybody ... I do not care who he be . a mark 's a mark , whether he 's chinese , indian or from Mars ... I be thoroughly integrate . make no difference to I ... I just would not have one of that guy sleep in my house . CUT to : 16 ext . diner parking lot - day 16 tilley get out of he car and enter the diner . 17 int . diner - day 17 he start walk to the booth where the other tin man be . on he way he yell over to the waitress . tilley Florence , egg and the toast , the way I like it . florence , who do not have too much energy , call back to tilley . florence not too gooey . coffee right away . she trail the last word . Sam be still talk about he problem with " Bonanza . " SAM I just do not believe that ' Bonanza ' be a accurate description of the West . I say no more . tilley slip into the booth next to Sam . he indicate for Sam to give he more room . tilley come on , give I a couple of more inch . SAM you want I to take my plate ... I will eat in the parking lot . ( continued ) 10 . 17 continued : 17 tilley come on , Sam , I be have a terrible morning . you be not go to believe this , some guy just crash into I ... right in the middle of the street ... then he attack I . one of the loony . SAM ( bite into he toast ) do ya live ? mouse do you get he name ? tilley yeah , I get he name . the police come ... God , I can not believe it ... the guy 's a idiot . he pull a piece of paper from he pocket . tilley yeah , here it be ... some Polish name ... babowski ... Bill babowski ... fuck son of a bitch . gil I know the guy ... they call he bb . tilley you know the son of a bitch ? gil yeah , he work with bagel . tilley he sell aluminum siding ? I do not believe it ... of all the people that could run into I , it have to be a fuck tin man . how come I do not know he ? gil you musta see he . he hang out with Carly benelli , cheese ... you know , that group . tilley I do not know the guy . ( continued ) 11 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 gil do not you remember , he be up at the corral one night when we be there ... he 's a good dancer . you must have see he . tilley I do not know the guy . SAM gil , he do not know the guy . gil I think he know he , Sam ... I can not believe he do not know he . SAM he seem to be indicate that he do not know he . tilley I do not know the guy ! gil he 's a good dancer . tilley what do you want I to do , date he ? what do I give a shit if he 's a good dancer ? gil I think you see he . I be amaze , he do a marengay ... I tell you if I be a girl I would be impressed . SAM you be not a girl and you be impressed ! Florence come over and put down some coffee in front of tilley . tilley be it fresh ? florence yes , it 's fresh ! tilley just ask , Florence . ( continued ) 12 . 17 continued : ( 3 ) 17 Florence start to walk away . florence you be always just ask . gil still talk about bb . gil I be tell you , you just can not believe how well this guy do the marengay . mouse I can not wait to see it . tilley I will tell you one thing , when I get a hold of this guy , I will break both he leg and then he will not dance the marengay too good . CUT to : 18 ext . industrial park in a run - down area of town - day18 we see bb pull up to a building in he bang - up , brand new cadillac . there be three or four nice cadillac park outside of the run-down building . CUT to : 19 int . office - day 19 the office be fill with second -hand furniture , mis - match desk and a conglomeration of style . in one corner of the room there be two or three girl work the telephone -- canvass -- talk to people on the phone to see if they be interested in a demonstration on the benefit of aluminum siding . they all speak in a very congenial tone of voice . girl # 1 good morning , I represent the Superior aluminum siding company . we will have a representative in you neighborhood today . would you be interested in see the benefit of we aluminum product ? ( more ) ( continued ) 13 . 19 continued : 19 girl # 1 ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) yes ... well , we do aluminum siding which improve the appearance of you house , and improve the insulation ... camera move to another girl . girl # 2 ... which improve the appearance of you house , and improve the insulation ... camera move to girl # 3 . girl # 3 ... Superior aluminum siding company . we will have a representative ... camera move to another corner of the room where we see 4 " tin man " salesmen sit around one of the desk play card . moe be beginning to tell a joke . he be a man in he 50' . moe so the guy go to the doctor for a physical ... they do all that test , all that stuff , blah , blah , blah ... bb enter the scene and go over and get himself a cup of coffee . moe ... Doctor say ' when we get all the information back , we will give you a call . ' leave the doctor . one day the telephone ring ... the guy go and pick it up . cheese the guy ? moe ( immediately aggravate ) the guy ! cheese not the doctor ? ( continued ) 14 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 moe that 's right , the guy pick it up . he get a phone call ... it 's the doctor on the line . Doctor say ' I have get some bad news and some worse news . ' bb join the tin man to listen to moe 's joke . moe guy say ' well , let I hear the bad news first . ' ' the bad news be , you have get twenty - four hour to live . ' the guy say ' what 's the worse news ? ' Doctor say ' I forget to call you yesterday . ' they all laugh . looney , a thin guy who twitches and blink a lot , stand up . looney it 's good ... I like it . cheese I never hear bad news and worse news ... smart joke . looney yeah ... I like it . carly it 's dumb , but good . bb , who be not laugh , stand behind cheese who throw 50 cent into the card game . cheese up it fifty cent . looney I call ... I call . I be in on this one ... I call . moe we get it , you be call . carly I be not sure . bb stay with he . carly I do not know . ( continued ) 15 . 19 continued : ( 3 ) 19 cheese Carly , get out of the hand ... I be hold serious card . very serious card . bb he 's bluff . cheese if I be lie , I be die . carly I be out . bb ballsy move . moe throw he hand in , too . moe ( to bb ) do you get the new cadillac ? bb yeah . it 's already be hit . moe what ? bb do not have it five minute , back out of the place , and a guy come out of nowhere and bang into my car . looney so , what ya get ? cheese throw he hand down . cheese pair of six . looney jack . win. carly shit ! pair of six . moe ( about car ) how much damage ? bb I bet it 's six hundred buck . ( continued ) 16 . 19 continued : ( 4 ) 19 looney six hundred buck ? I would get rid of the car . that much damage it will not be any good . you may have dent the frame . bb I do not dent the frame . looney when you hit the frame , the car do not ride right . bb he do not hit the frame ! I will tell you this , I be gonna get the son of a bitch . if he would have apologize or something , but this guy get out , try to push I around . cheese you be kid I ? bb yeah ... the guy 's totally off the wall . he take a sip of he coffee . bb I be gonna get he ... just for the fun of it . CUT to : 20 ext . lower / middle CLASS neighborhood - day 20 bb 's cadillac move through the neighborhood , and we see home that all look to be about 30 to 40 year old . CUT to : 21 int . bb's cadillac - day 21 moe be with bb in the cadillac . bb be drive . moe be look through some papers . ( continued ) 17 . 21 continued : 21 moe now , let I see ... we gotta be at the hickey house at four . ( he look at he watch ) it 's about three - twenty now ... we have get some time on we hand . you want to get some coffee ? bb no , I be up to here with the coffee . he indicate he throat . moe they get any good pool hall around here ? bb I do not know . ( beat ) you know what would be fun to do ..? let 's try the life Magazine routine . moe ( smile ) yeah . CUT to : 22 ext . wooden framed house - day 22 slightly run-down . we be look through the lens of a 35 mm camera . bb ( o.s. ) you know , I think we have get to come over about two foot . the screen shake as bb move the camera . CUT to : 23 int . wooden framed house - day 23 a housewife be look through the curtain , suspiciously . camera move toward the window and we see moe and bb move the 35 mm camera around on a tripod . we can faintly hear they talk . ( continued ) 18 . 23 continued : 23 bb I think this be a better position ... the light be hit it , which be accentuate the effect we be go for . it 's very good ... very good . moe ( in a creative pose ) this show the flaw in the structure ... CUT to : 24 ext . wooden framed house - day 24 bb and moe at the camera and tripod . bb ( under he breath , to moe ) she 's at the window . moe yeah . bb ( in a loud voice ) this be go to be terrific in life Magazine . ( even louder ) terrific in life Magazine ! ( under he breath ) come on outside , honey . moe ( in loud voice ) this should be we single biggest issue of life Magazine . we see the housewife come out of she front door . bb ( quietly ) bingo ! the housewife approach bb and moe suspiciously . housewife Excuse I . what be you do ? ( continued ) 19 . 24 continued : 24 moe oh , I hope we be not disturbing you , mar 'am . we be with life Magazine ... we will be out of here in just a minute . bb ( still look through camera ; to moe ) move the tripod another foot ... another foot . moe move the tripod . housewife what do you mean , life Magazine ? bb ( look up from camera ) two minute , mar 'am , and we will be out of here . we just need the picture for life Magazine , and we will be out of here . housewife life Magazine ? I do not understand . bb it 's very simple . ya know , we be do this layout about the benefit of aluminum siding -- a ' before ' and ' after ' kind of presentation . housewife a ' before ' picture ? moe so they see you house , and another one do with aluminum siding ... the other house look so much more beautiful . housewife in life Magazine ? moe it 's a special issue on home improvement and way to beautify you home . ( continued ) 20 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 bb a wonderful issue ... it 's one of the finest pictorial thing we have do here at life ... the way you can improve you house . ( he adjust the camera ) we be gonna be out of here in no time , mar 'am . moe it 's gonna look very good , bb . housewife my house be go to be the ' before ' ? can not mine be like the ' after ' ? bb no , no ... we have get a house that look like yours and it 's be do in aluminum ... it 's very nice . moe yeah ... really show the contrast of what a house can look like . housewife what do it cost ? bb what ? the aluminum siding ? oh ... I do not know the figure offhand . do you have any idea , moe ? moe I think it 's fairly reasonable . housewife could my house be the ' after ' in life Magazine and you get another house for the ' before . ' bb you mean have you house as the ' after ' and find another house that look like you house for the ' before ' ? housewife be it possible ? ( continued ) 21 . 24 continued : ( 3 ) 24 bb what do ya think , moe ? would that be ethical ? moe well , we do not sign any agreement with the ' after ' house . we would have to move very quickly , mar 'am ... you know what I mean ? bb you would have to work out a arrangement with a aluminum siding company and they would have to do the job very quickly for we to make we deadline ... we have get a deadline , that 's the problem . housewife how quickly ? moe bb , what do you think ? can we slide the deadline , or what ? six or seven day ? bb press it . do you think we could manage it , moe ? moe it 's push it , bb. ( to housewife ) what time would you husband be home , ' cos he would have to go over the figure with the salesman ... that 's if there 's a salesman available this evening . housewife he will be home at seven . bb we might be able to work it . housewife that would be wonderful . CUT to : 22 . 25 int . wooden framed house - night 25 bb and moe be sit on a sofa sip coffee , look as if they be member of the family . the housewife and she husband be sit across the dining room table from Carly . Carly be go through papers , add up figure . carly okay ... we have get a total of thirty - seven hundred dollar . husband thirty -seven hundred dollar ? housewife honey , we be gonna be in life Magazine . angle on moe and bb on sofa bb ( to moe ) moe , do you call the office and make sure we can hold up the issue until this job be complete ? this house really could be a showcase . husband thirty -seven hundred dollar ! carly I tell you what ... I have get a idea . do you mind my guy work on a Saturday ? ' cos if my crew can work on Saturday next , that will free my guy up on Monday . yeah , that will really help I out on another job . anyway , if we can do that , I think I will be able to knock off three hundred and fifty dollar from the job . you see , I have get a overlap situation on Monday ... I do not want to go into it . what do ya think ? we get a deal ? husband yep . CUT to : 23 . 26 int . house # 1 - montage - angle on looney 26 looney what be the benefit of aluminum siding ? one : you never have to paint . CUT to : 27 int . house # 2 - montage - angle on cheese 27 cheese ... you have much great insulation . CUT to : 28 int . house # 3 - montage - angle on mouse 28 mouse ... it cut down on you heating bill ... CUT to : 29 int . house # 4 - montage - angle on gil 29 gil so what we have get be efficiency and the beautification of you home . CUT to : 30 int . house - night 30 tilley be pack up he sample case . a middle - age husband and wife sit on a couch across from he . husband # 2 no , I be sorry , Mr. tilley , I just can not afford it . tilley we have not even get to discuss term . there be so many friendly financial arrangement that would hardly be a bite into you weekly salary . ( continued ) 24 . 30 continued : 30 husband # 2 no ... not this time . tilley well , as I say , you can always reach I ... you have get my card , and when the time come , let 's talk . the husband and wife stand to show tilley to the door . tilley hey , give my best to you little son ... wonderful kid there . what 's he name again , ronnie ? husband # 2 Randy . tilley Randy , right . well , good night . CUT to : 31 int . cadillac - night 31 Sam be sing to the radio . tilley open the back door and throw he sample case inside . he get in the driver 's seat and slam the car door angrily . tilley I think I have them ... I be this close . he demonstrate with he finger . SAM the amount of time you spend there , I think you be ready to send for I to close it up . tilley damn ! I think I have them . tilley start the car and pull out . CUT to : 32 int . pimlico HOTEL - bar / restaurant - night 32 this be a piano bar with a intimate restaurant at one end . the pianist be play " the girl from Ipanema . " ( continued ) 25 . 32 continued : 32 pianist ' tall and tan and young and lovely , the girl from Ipanema go walk , and when she pass each one she pass go ... " ah ! " ' the last word of the verse -- " ah " -- have great emphasis put on it and be lengthen considerably . the people sit around the piano all join the pianist and say " ah " in unison . camera move over to a table where mouse , Sam , tilley , gil and a few other tin man set . wing , the head of Gibraltar aluminum , a tall , strong , impose figure , hold court . the table be fill with papers , folder , etc. , as if wing 's office desk have be tran - ported to the bar . he 's review a paper from a job that mouse have do . wing forty -six hundred dollar . this look like a sound deal . they own they own house ... we will not have any problem get the financing for they . Real good , mouse . he pick up he check book ledger and write out a check . wing ( write ) so , that 's one thousand , one hundred and thirty - eight dollar . finishes write check and hand it to mouse . mouse thanks , boss . pleasure do business with ya . mouse take the check and pocket it . wing turn to tilley and Sam . wing now , what 's you guy ' story ? tilley nothing again ... come up short . let I get a little advance ... three hundred , just to carry I for a bit . wing tilley , I be already carry you for , what be it -- twenty - three hundred ? something like that ? ( continued ) 26 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 tilley no problem ... just in a little slump here . wing do not try to go walk on I . tilley what do you mean , walk ? you think I be gonna work somewhere else ... you have be very good to I ... very honorable . SAM he 's always say that about you , wing . always say that about you ... he have . wing I will give you hundred and fifty . tilley wing , I need a bit more than that ... I get expense . wing what 's wrong with you wife ? she do not work ? tilley yeah , but how much be she gonna make work at the Social Security office ? wing write out a check and give it to tilley . tilley come on , wing , can not you do better than this ... a man in my position in term of this firm ... I dunno ... wing all right , I will give you two hundred . wing change amount of check and hand it to tilley . mouse ( yell to cocktail waitress ) honey , can you get I some marlboros and a 7 and 7 ? ( continued ) 27 . 32 continued : ( 3 ) 32 SAM and some scotch , straight up . tilley pocket the check . wing now listen , guy , we get a problem here . SAM ( to mouse ) do she hear I say scotch straight up ? wing my source tell I this Home improvement Commission be for real ... it 's no jackpot . this guy be go to be a real pain in the ass , so any of the scam that you guy be pull , they get wind of it , they take you license and it 's goodbye to this business . mouse they take away you license ? they take away you livelihood ? what kind of people be this ? SAM they have no respect for the work man . tilley which scam be they talk about ? they get a list ? wing any irregularity , you know , sell a house on the pretense that it 's a model house and every job sell in the area they get a kickback ... the life Magazine hustle ... you guy know all the bullshit number we can run . SAM Jesus ! what a pain in the ass . do you think this commission 's gonna stick around or be it go with the wind ? ( continued ) 28 . 32 continued : ( 4 ) 32 tilley they take you license ? CUT to : 33 ext . STREET - night 33 bb 's cadillac move along the street . CUT to : 34 int . cadillac - night 34 bb and moe be in the car drive along . moe I would not mind see Africa some time . bb not I . I do not want to go where they have get snake . moe they have get snake ? bb I have hear they have get snake that will outrun a horse through the grass . they get a snake that bite you ... you get eleven second to live . no thank you . I do not want to spend my good money to visit with that kind of jeopardy . I would like to go to a place where ... hold it ! he hit the brake suddenly . moe what 's wrong ? bb back he car halfway up the street . he stop in the driveway of the pimlico Hotel parking lot . bb the guy who run into I ... that 's he car . he put the car into park and open the car door . ( continued ) 29 . 34 continued : 35 bb I will be back , moe . I be gonna even the score . he get out of the car , quickly walk over to tilley 's cadillac , and with a swift kick , he kick the headlight that be not already break . CUT to : 35 int . entrance lobby to pimlico HOTEL - night 35 tilley , Sam , mouse and gil be about to leave the hotel . they be put they coat on just inside the close door . tilley be halfway into he coat . tilley ( to mouse ) give I eight point I take the knick over the laker for 20 . mouse it 's too big a spread . we hear the sound of breaking glass . tilley respond to the sound . he look out of the glass door and see bb kick in the headlight of he car . bb run back towards he car . tilley it 's that fuck lunatic again . he race out of the door of the hotel towards bb 's car which pull away and speed down the street . several of the tin man run after tilley . he stand in the street watch the car disappear . tilley ( still look after the car ) can you believe this guy ? be he sane or what ? mouse be not that something ? SAM what 's he get , a gnat up he ass ? what the hell 's wrong with the guy ? gil do not you recognize he from the corral ? ( continued ) 30 . 35 continued : 35 tilley I do not know the guy ! gil I will never forget he marengay . tilley I will tell you something , if Mr. marengay want to play ... we will play . CUT to : 36 ext . STREET - profile shot - night 36 of the porch of one row house on top of another . 37 int . porch of house - night 37 tilley be let himself into he house . he go into the kitchen where nora be sit , drink a cup of coffee and work on a crossword puzzle . he take off he coat and throw it on a chair . nora ( without look up from the crossword puzzle ) look at you , quarter to three and home already . what happen ? you and the fella run out of thing to talk about ? tilley please ! I be out there work myself to the bone , try to make a live . he go over to the refrigerator and get himself some orange juice . nora what 's a five letter word for a portuguese overseas province ? tilley try macao . nora m-a-c-a-o... that fit . ( continued ) 31 . 37 continued : 37 tilley what be you do up so late ? nora we be off tomorrow . beat . tilley I think this place may be a little too large for we . nora what be you talk about ... this match box ? tilley it 's get a lot of overhead to it . what do you do ... spend you time in the bedroom and the kitchen , that 's all . so why do you need a live room and a dining room . he walk over to the back door and look out . tilley why do ya need a back yard ? nora you be not sell anything ? tilley I be in a slump . nora it happen . tilley last year I be number three top seller ... year before , right up there . I can not get my momentum go this year . nora well , you will . you always do . tilley ( beat ) I be not sure I like the idea of all this overhead breathe down my neck . when you have a place like this , that 's a lot of overhead . ( continued ) 32 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 nora what be you talk about ? the monthly payment on you cadillac be more than this whole house . why do not you get yourself something cheaper , like a chevy ? tilley it do not instill confidence in my client . cadillac mean that you be deal with someone of importance . ( beat ) I think I have a couple tonight ... they just slip away ... slip away . ( beat ) I be gonna take a bath -- my neck 's be tight since this morning . nora I will turn out the light . nora get up and put the cup in the sink -- give a big sigh . CUT to : 38 int . tilley's house - bathroom - night 38 tilley be in the tub , lather himself . nora enter and sit on the side of the tub . nora you know , tilley , we hardly ever do thing together . tilley like what ? nora do thing together that be enjoyable . tilley what would we do together for it to be enjoyable ? nora if we go on a picnic ... it would be fun . ( continued ) 33 . 38 continued : 38 tilley I do not understand a picnic ... we just go some place ... we put a thing on the ground , and we eat . nora yes ... it 's nice to do that . tilley why ? I do not get it . it 's better sit at home and watch tv . nora I think there 's something nice about a picnic ... it 's fun . tilley what 's fun about it ? ant get into the food ... there 's bee . I do not get it . we have to drive , it take maybe a hour to get there , then you sit in grass and eat . why be that fun ? nora I just think it might be nice to do something together , that 's all ... think it might be fun . tilley it do not sound like fun to I ... you take the stuff you have get here in the house , you take it someplace to eat it . it 's just as much fun eat in front of the tv , and we do that together , do not we ? no ant and no bee ... much more comfortable . nora it 's not the same thing . tilley scrub my back , will ya , nora . nora pick up the back brush , put soap on it and start scrubbing tilley 's back . ( continued ) 34 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 tilley not too hard ! ( beat ) do not get I wrong , I be willing to do anything with you . I be just a little stymy by a picnic . if you want to go , send I a postcard . nora drop the brush in the tub and walk out of the bathroom . tilley what do I say ? CUT to : 39 ext . industrial park - day 39 we see tilley 's cadillac cruise the street , obviously look for someone . CUT to : 40 int . tilley's cadillac - day 40 tilley be drive with gil in the passenger seat . gil I think you make a leave here . tilley turn the car . gil yeah ... there it be ... that 's the place ... Superior aluminum ... that 's it over there . as tilley pull up we see bb 's car park outside of the building . tilley okay , Mr. marengay ... here I come . he reach into the backseat of the car and take out a crowbar . gil hey , tilley , do not go too wild ... ( continued ) 35 . 40 continued : 40 tilley I will show the son of a bitch . he get out of the car , cross to bb 's cadillac , and smashes in the windshield and all of the window of the car . tilley ( as he smashes , wildly ) he will get a lot of air ... will not be too stuffy in this car when I be finish . gil ( call from tilley 's cadillac ) Quick , tilley ... let 's get out of here . tilley run back to he car and drive away . CUT to : 41 int . superior aluminum siding office - tight shot - day 41 of a map of a 15 block area of Baltimore . color pin be in place indicate various home that have be provide with aluminum siding . another pin go into place . bagel ( o.s. ) that be a good sale , double B. just get a call on a loan ... we be in business . CUT to : another angle we see bagel . he 's a little guy with a black fedora and baggy pants hold up with suspender . bb stand with he . bagel this whole section have be very fertile for we . CUT to : ( continued ) 36 . 41 continued : 41 another angle moe , looney and Carly be talk to stanley franks , a young guy in he early 20' . he be dress in the " ivy League " look of the time . moe ( to stanley ) sure you wanna get into the tin game ? stanley money 's good , I understand . looney lot of crazy people you be gonna run into when you be knock on that door . hermit that do not see the outside world , jehovah 's witnesses that try and sell you the Bible at the same time you be try to sell they tin . people that be just lonely and want to have conversation . carly every time you step in that door , you have get to be fast on you foot . stanley interesting . moe ( quiz stanley ) what 's the best way to qualify a mark ? stanley what ? moe how do you know if you can get the upper hand ? how do you know if you be deal with a guy who 's in a inferior position to you , or superior position ? how do you know ? moe put stanley on the defensive . stanley you just have to talk and feel you way . ( continued ) 37 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 moe Quick way ... get a book of match out of you pocket to light you cigarette ... you drop the match on the floor . stanley ( look puzzle ) yeah . moe guy bend down to pick up the match for you , you get a mark ... you get this guy in you pocket . if he look to you to pick it up , you have get a long , hard , tough sell on you hand . bb walk over to the guy , have just pour himself some coffee . bb you want to get in good with this people ... you want to win they confidence ? good thing to try ... get a five dollar bill , take it out when the guy 's not look , drop it on the ground . guy look back , pick it up , hand it to he and say , ' Mr. blah blah , you musta drop this five dollar bill on the ground . ' two thing happen ... he say , ' it 's not mine , ' you say , ' musta be , ' cos it 's certainly not mine , ' or the guy take it . right away this guy be think you must be one hell of a nice guy ... you be in . you start chipping away ... you start get inside that people . stanley be quite take by they information . bb put he cup down and grab he coat . bb come on , moe , let 's split . looney ( to stanley ) yeah , we would better go , too . come on , stanley . ( to Carly who be hang behind ) I and stanley . it 's like a first date . CUT to : 38 . 42 ext . superior aluminum siding build - day 42 bb and moe approach bb 's cadillac . he see that all the window have be smashed in . moe look to bb . looney walk up from behind . looney what ? you get a special bargain when you buy this car ? they come cheaper without window ? bb reach into the car and pick up a handful of break glass . he toss it up and down in he hand . bb this guy 's look to play tit for tat . that 's not my game . I be gonna play hardball . bb throw the glass down on the ground . stanley ( to looney , quietly ) what 's go on ? looney just nod for they to go , and they start to walk over to looney 's cadillac . bb I be gonna find out everything about this son of a bitch , and then I be gonna find the one thing that cut he to the quick . moe let 's go inside ... make some call . bb nod and they start back inside . CUT to : 43 int . pool hall - tight shot 43 of a pool ball ricochete off a eight ball . the eight ball drop into the pocket . tilley throw down he pool stick . we see he partner be mouse . gil sit in a chair against a wall . tilley damn it ! damn it ! I can not believe it ... I can not believe I do that . ( continued ) 39 . 43 continued : 43 mouse well , then , believe it . there 's no sense not to believe it , because you do it ... so believe it . that 's twenty more ... you owe I sixty . tilley you think I can not add ? he go to rack to re-set . mouse go over and put a nickel in the juke box . a record slip into position , and Harry belafonte 's " banana Boat song " begin . mouse , in unison with the record , sing , and be totally catch up in the song . mouse ' dayo !... da , da , da , da , day . daylight come and he wanna go home ... ' he sing very loudly , especially on the chorus . gil ( facetiously ) oh , this be go to be good . mouse ' dayo !... da , da , da , da , da , da , da . ' ( he hit he pool cue on the ground for emphasis ) ' daylight come and he wanna go home ... ' CUT to : 44 int . room off MAIN pool hall 44 Sam be go through some papers on a desk , and come across a IRS letter address to tilley . he notice that it have not be open . he look at the postdate mark -- it 's five week old , date January 3 , 1963 . SAM Jesus Christ ! we can hear the " banana boat song " through the door , with mouse screeching along with it . Sam take the letter and go through the door to the pool hall . 40 . 45 int . pool hall 45 he approach tilley who 's just finish rack the ball . SAM tilley . he nod for tilley to go over to he . they start to walk together through the darken area of the Pool Hall . SAM found this on you desk while I be go over some papers . he hand the letter to tilley . tilley from the IRS . I never even remember see it . I must have leave it with my other bill . I wonder what it be ? SAM maybe it 's a refund check . tilley open the envelope and look at the document . tilley hum ... say here that they have not receive my 1962 tax . they seem to be say that they do not get my check for four thousand dollar . SAM what ? it must be a clerical error . tilley I can not believe they spend all that time and energy to write to I ... to single I out . SAM what be you talk about ? you do not pay you tax ? tilley I probably forget ... people forget they tax all the time ... just slip my mind ... I get so many thing on my mind . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 . 45 continued : 45 tilley ( cont 'd ) I figure they could wait a few year ... it 's not like they need my money to build a bomber . you think they be wait for my money before they dig a new road ? be they all sit there say , ' well , it 's time we go to see that guy on pimlico Road ... can not run this government without he four thousand dollar . ' ( beat ) I figure they would give I a little leeway . I be go to pay they ... I know I have get a debt ... I just need a little leeway . SAM you can not mess around with the government . why do not you go to h &amp ; R block , they will take care of you tax for you . tilley you think I be gonna let some schmuck know all my business ... have some guy pull I over the coal for spend on this and that . I need some privacy . SAM tax be serious stuff , tilley . tilley I can just see that schmuck in that little tax shop tell people my business ... how much I make ... how much I spend ... no way ! SAM all I can say , be you better get a lawyer or somebody to look into this , ' cos the IRS , they do not fuck around . tilley just what I need in my life right now ... I be in a slump and I have get the IRS on I . like when something go wrong , it 's like ... he throw he arm up in the air in exasperation . CUT to : 42 . 46 ext . nora and tilley's house - day 46 we see nora leave she house , walk down the step and get into she car . she start the engine and pull away . camera hold for a moment , and then into frame come moe 's car with bb sit shotgun . they follow nora . CUT to : 47 int . SMALL neighborhood supermarket - day 47 nora enter . ten second later , bb enter . he pull a shopping cart from the stall , and follow nora . angle on moe as he walk up to the front of the supermarket and look through the window . angle on frozen food section nora be stop with she cart and be decide on vege - table . bb have a pile of freeze dinner in he arm . bb ( to nora ) be this any good do ya know ? this tv dinner ? nora I do not think they be too good for you , not a lot of them anyway . she continue to choose she freeze food . bb continue talk to she . bb my wife die . nora ( look up ) oh , I be sorry to hear that . bb I be over it now , but it be a very try time ... very try ... I have only just start eat again . ( continued ) 43 . 47 continued : 47 nora you know what would be a lot more healthy and satisfy be to get yourself a chicken ... just pop it in the oven for a couple of hour with a little bit of season on it . make a good meal , and you can make sandwich with the leftover . bb but then you have to sit and watch it cook . something seem sad about a man sit alone in a house and watch a chicken cook . CUT to : 48 ext . supermarket - day 48 moe be look through the window of the supermarket . from he Pov we see bb and nora . bb say something and nora laugh . then nora say something and bb laugh , hold she arm . moe he 's a amazing sort ... he 's get the gift . CUT to : 49 ext . STREET - across from supermarket - day 49 a man sit behind the wheel of a plain-look Ford . stanley , the new tin man , pull up in he car behind he , get out and walk to the other man 's car . he kneel down and talk to the driver of the car . there seem to be a serious exchange but with the sound of traffic and the car pass through frame , we be un - able to hear what be take place . stanley nod , tap the side of the car , car drive off . stanley go back to he car and drive off . CUT to : 50 int . modest house - day 50 tilley be sell to a man and he wife . the man wear a seersucker suit and a bow tie -- he be a mousie little man , and he wife be the female equivalent . ( continued ) 44 . 50 continued : 50 man thank you , Mr. tilley . I can not believe it ... this be the most generous thing anyone 's ever do ... swell ! like a gift from heaven . wife the Lord have certainly bless we this evening . tilley well , what can I say ... I be a modest person ... I just do what I can to help . man thanks again . he open the door for tilley and tilley walk out . CUT to : 51 ext . modest house - day 51 as the door close behind tilley , he go to where Sam 's car be park and get in the passenger seat . SAM so , what 's the scoop ? tilley we get them ! he 's very excited . SAM you be kid ? tilley take a look at this , Sam . tilley show he the write contract . written across the front of the contract in big , bold , black letter be the word : " this job be free . " Sam look at tilley . SAM be you fuck crazy ? you just give they forty - two hundred dollar in aluminum siding free ?! ( continued ) 45 . 51 continued : 51 tilley ( smile ) this be the best scam I have ever think of in my whole life . he kiss he hand with wild smack sound . he 's ecstatic . tilley it 's in my blood ... I be brilliant ... I be fuck brilliant ... this be such a brilliant scam ... I be beside myself . SAM what be you talk about ? tilley here it be ... you go back in the house and this be what you say ... CUT to : 52 int . modest house - tight shot on SAM - day 52 SAM Mr. tilley be crazy ... he have a nervous breakdown . widen to include man and wife from before . man what 's that ? SAM he 's be under a lot of pressure recently ... he snap ... he have a nervous breakdown ... it 's the saddest thing I have ever see . let 's be honest about it , nobody give away forty - two hundred dollar ' worth of aluminum siding free . man I think it be very generous , but sometimes the Lord move in mysterious way . ( continued ) 46 . 52 continued : 52 SAM let I tell you something , when I go and see he boss and show he this contract , he 's out of this business ... he will lose he home ... he wife and kid will be throw out onto the street . he will probably spend some time in a institution , so God know what will happen to he wife and kid . anyway , it 's not you problem . man why do they have to be throw out onto the street ? SAM you do not expect he boss to pick up the forty - two hundred job , do ya ? man hmm. SAM yeah , it 's a bad state of affair . ( beat ) let I ask you something , sir . man yes ? SAM you do not think there 's some way you could work with I to try and resolve this , do you ? man how so ? SAM let 's look at it this way , what if I can sell you this job at a wholesale price ... kind of lessen the burden . the big boss will not get so angry , and maybe will not throw the guy 's wife and kid out ... at least they will have a roof over they head . man what kind of wholesale price be we talk about ? ( continued ) 47 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 SAM you get a cup of coffee ? wife I will get you a coffee ... will not be a minute . SAM let 's just sit down and kick this around . the wife go into the kitchen . SAM ( call to wife ) no hurry , mar 'am . the man turn to sit down , and as he do so , Sam throw a $ 5 bill on the ground . SAM what you do throw you money around ? he bend to pick up the $ 5 note . man what 's that ? SAM I find a five - dollar bill , here by the side of the chair . CUT to : 53 int . corral club - night 53 the place be crowded ... jump with activity . a local band be play on a tiny stage . bb 's on the floor dance with a girl . he 's do some good move , and it 's obvious that he 's a real crowd pleaser . sitting at the bar be looney , stanley and Carly . carly the buzzard have a great gimmick . you know , when it come time to measure a job , he would cut the yardstick and reglue it together ... he take out seven inch so he square footage would always be higher . that way he would always make a few extra buck on the job . ( continued ) 48 . 53 continued : 53 stanley laugh and look at Carly . stanley you be kid ? carly yeah ... he would always put he hand over the break when he be measure . nobody look at a yardstick to see how long it be . looney ( laugh ) I never do that ... I never do that ... I be never very good in art and craft . I could never make the ruler come out right . the song end . angle on bb he pat he dance partner on she rear , she walk back to she table , and bb walk over to where moe be sit . bb pick up he beer can , hold it up to moe as if he 's go to make a toast . bb here 's to nora . moe smile , pick up he can , they tap they can , and both take a swig of they beer . angle on bar stanley be really enjoy the storey Carly and looney be tell . stanley what else ? give I another story ... this storey be great ! looney just a minute ... I have get one . you know it 's like the faster you can start spike a job , the guy can not back out of the deal . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 looney ( cont 'd ) shoe have some customer that he think be fragile on come for the buy . he would say to the guy 'here let I show you how bad a shape you house be in , ' and he would rip off a piece of wood , maybe fifteen foot wide . the guy 's house look like shit so it make it hard for he to back out of the deal when half the side of he house be miss . the shoe 's a fuck wonder . CUT to : 54 int . SAM be car - night 54 Sam be drive and tilley be rub he hand together with excitement . tilley fantastic , Sam ! a twenty - seven hundred sale ! ' this job be free ' ! what a beaut ! I be out of the slump ! tilley 's riding high again ... tilley 's back ! we ought to go and celebrate . let 's go to the corral and have a drink ... we can turn the paperwork in a little later . SAM gil say that 's where ' marengay ' hang out . tilley gil keep say it ... I have never see he . ( laugh and hit - ting the dashboard ) I be riding high ... twenty - seven hundred dollar ... ' this job be free ' ... the man go insane ... lose control of himself ... he wife and child be out on the street ! ( he laugh ) sometimes I be brilliant ... I be fuck brilliant ... I can not believe it . CUT to : 50 . 55 int . corral club - angle on moe and bb - night 55 they be look at the girl , size they up . bb ( point to a girl ) see that one , if you be marry to that one two week you would have to put you head out of the window for air ... this one smother . ( look over to another girl ) that one be the kind that can not live without you ... ( whiney voice ) ... ' where be you ? when will you be home ? ' moe I should get out of here . I tell my wife I would be home early tonight . bb Christ ! it 's not even one o'clock yet . ( beat ) how long you be marry now ? what be it ? twelve ... twelve year ? moe sixteen . bb Holy God ! sixteen year ? what do you think ? be it worth it ? moe yeah . bb why do you think ? moe it 's hard to answer . ( beat ) seem better than if she be not there . bb quite a recommendation ... can not wait to do it . he laugh . ( continued ) 51 . 55 continued : 55 angle on door tilley and Sam come through the door and walk over to the bar . tilley ( to Sam ) scotch straight up ? SAM yeah . tilley ( to barman ) scotch straight up and a rum and Coke for I . he look around the room at the woman . tilley look like there 's good action here tonight . SAM what do you expect , it 's half price night for divorced woman . the place be hopping . angle on bb and moe bb look how much more complicated thing be now . there use to be a time you meet a girl , you court and then you get marry and live happily ever after . now , see that one over there ... ( he point to girl at a table ) ... that 's helen armstrong ... maiden name use to be tudor . get this , she date Charlie Rider when I be in high school , seem like they be together forever . they break up , she start to go with lenny mardigian , they get marry , she 's helen mardigian . that go on two year ... three year , something like that . ( more ) ( continued ) 52 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 bb ( cont 'd ) they divorce , date billy small for a couple of year , life with John isaac for a year , marries Tommy selnini ... that marriage go in the toilet , but fast . now she 's dating Charlie Rider who be divorced by Evelyn chartoff who use to be Evelyn gage before that . ( beat ; he look at moe and laugh ) so much for relationship . angle on SAM and tilley at bar SAM I be beginning to believe in God . tilley you be never one of that atheist , be you ? SAM no , I be not say that , but I be beginning to give God more think . tilley so , what do you do ? have some kind of religious experience ? SAM I tell ya ... I take my wife for lunch yesterday ... we go and have some smorgasbord , and it kind of happen . tilley you find God at the smorgasbord ? SAM yeah . tilley Sam , people have religious experience like on a lake or when they go up into the mountain , that kind of thing . SAM maybe ... but I have mine in a smorgasbord . ( continued ) 53 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 tilley ( laugh ) Sam , you be too much . SAM I go to get myself a salad and I start to see all this vegetable , you know how they have all that salad laid out so that when it 's time to get to the main course you will not eat too much ... that scam to get you fill up so you do not eat too much chicken and beef and all that other stuff . tilley yeah , yeah ... I get the point . so? SAM so I see celery , I see the lettuce , tomato , cauliflower ... and I think , all this thing come out of the ground ... they just grow out of the ground . they have corn -- out of the ground ... radish -- out of the ground . you say to yourself , how can all this thing come out of the ground ? you know what I be talk about ? all this thing be out of the ground . tilley ( not understanding ) yeah . SAM I mean , how can that be ? it just happen that way ? and I be not even get into the fruit ... I be just deal with vegetable right now . with all that thing come out of the earth , there must be a god. tilley ( look at Sam ) I be not get the same religious effect that come over you . I do not know why , but I do not feel like run to a church to pray right this second . ( continued ) 54 . 55 continued : ( 4 ) 55 SAM you gotta admit , it 's amazing . tilley yeah , yeah ... ( he turn away and look across the room ) I do not believe it . see the guy over there ? he look in the direction of bb . tilley that 's the son of a bitch who crsahe into my car . Sam look over to bb . angle on bb and moe bb 's look through the crowd and see tilley . bb I do not believe it ! Mr. banana head be here . moe what ? bb that crazy guy that bang into my car and smashed my window in . I do not fuck believe it ! I be gonna get he . angle on tilley tilley I be gonna get he ! both bb and tilley weave they way through the crowd to get to one another . in the confusion of all the people , they both go right past one another and then look around for one another . they see that they be in the opposite direction , and end up go towards one another again . moe and Sam wander over to they guy . ( continued ) 55 . 55 continued : ( 5 ) 55 bb you get a lot of nerve bang into my car , and you have get a lot of fuck nerve smash my window in . tilley what be you talk about ? why would I want to break you window ? bb you do not smash my window in ? tilley I be a hard - work guy ... I do not go around break window . I have get better thing to do . bb you do not break my window ?! you do not break my window ?! he push tilley . tilley push I one more time and I be gonna have to redefine you face . bb push he . tilley start to go for bb and they scuffle about . moe and Sam try to pull the guy apart . angle on looney and carly they move through the crowd to bb and moe . the band keep play . moe and Sam , with the help of looney and Carly , pull tilley and bb apart . bb come on , let 's go outside ... let 's settle this in the parking lot . tilley oh , no ! you be not gonna get near my car ... you be not gonna kick in my headlight again ... ( beat ) ... what be I talk about ? I do not even drive tonight . you wanna duke it ? let 's go . they both head out the door . the other tin man follow , and other who have be pay attention to this alter - cation , also follow . CUT to : 56 . 56 ext . parking lot - night 56 tilley and bb come out of the club and start to look for a place in the lot where there 's some room to fight . the crowd eagerly follow right on the heel of bb and tilley . bb and tilley both take off they sport jacket . bb ( see the people gather around ) what be this ? what be this crowd here ? we be charge admission ? tilley back away ... give I some elbow room . bb and tilley both take up fight stance and circle one another look to take a shot . a police car pull into the lot . the sound of the tire on the gravel catch moe 's attention and he see it 's the police . moe ( quietly to bb and tilley ) Police ! tilley and bb immediately drop they guard and lean against a car . one cop get out of the police car and head into the club , the other cop stay behind in the car . no one know quite what to do since the policeman be so nearby . tilley ( casually lean against the car ; to bb ) you be a lucky man ... the police show . bb we will see who 's the lucky one . he pick up he coat and leave with moe. CUT to : 57 int . social security office - tight shot of large cake 57 with light candle on it . the cake read " farewell ada . " angle on cake as it pass row upon row of secretary type in the Social Security office . ( continued ) 57 . 57 continued : 57 all of a sudden everything go black , the typewriter stop and all we can see be the light candle . we hear a huge chorus from all of the secretaries in the Social Security office : secretary ( o.s. ) surprise !!! light go on again , and we see a group of girl gather around the cake place on one of the desk . at the center of the group be ada , in she late twenty , and very pregnant . ada I never expect this . what a lovely cake . girl # 1 blow out the candle then . ada blow out the candle , miss a couple , and get help from one of the other Girls . girl # 2 nine candle for nine month ! everyone laugh . girl # 3 we will miss you , ada ... you would better bring that baby in to visit we . girl # 1 Register he for he social security number . a couple of girl hand around glass of coca-cola . nora stand in the midst of the girl , pleased for ada . she yell out . nora I love ya , ada , and if you be smart you will not come back . the cake be be pass out , and people be talk -- it have become somewhat of a party atmosphere . nora turn to she friend , nellie . nora I have just decide ... I be go out with he . ( continued ) 58 . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 nellie you be kid ? nora I have to . I just want to know what it 's like to be with someone else . she sip she Coke . nora because if what I have get with tilley be as good as it get , I just ... ( she shrug she shoulder ) ... I gotta know . nellie well , how be you go to manage it ? nora tilley do not get home until at least two in the morning . nellie I hope you know what you be do ... you speak to some guy at the freeze food section for five minute , you could jeopardize you whole marriage . nora everything I have do in my life have be safe and practical , and where 's that get I ? ( she lift she paper cup ) well , here 's to who know what . they touch they cup . CUT to : 58 int . bb's apartment - live room 58 this be a two -story apartment in a renovate building . it have high ceiling and expose brick . it be sparsely - furnish , but what there be be decent-look . we see nora and bb dance closely in the shadow of the dark - ened room . ( continued ) 59 . 58 continued : 58 a Frank Sinatra record be play on the record player in the b.g. -- it be " in the wee SMALL hour of the morning . " a bottle of wine be on the coffee table . the remain of chinese food in container be alongside . nora I be still nervous . bb well , I guess that 's to be expect . you want I to take you home ? nora no , not right now . they dance quietly for a moment . bb every time I listen to Sinatra , I always remember when I use to work in Atlantic City back in the late 40' ... you know , a busboy job ... Sinatra use to play at the 500 Club , and we use to take we date and say , ' hey , you wanna go and hear Sinatra ? ' then we would just lean on the door of the club in the alley and listen to the music . I think the girl be look for something a bit more uptown . nora laugh . nora I would go with you and lean against the door . they dance for a bit and look at one another . he lean toward she , hold she tight and kiss she . then the record stick on the word " that 's the time " ... " that 's the time " ... " that 's the time " ... bb slip off one of he loafer , while still embrace nora , kick it so that it hit the side of the record table . the record slip a little and continue to play correctly . nora ( she look at bb ) you have get a pretty good aim . bb I sure do . CUT to : 60 . 59 int . bb's apartment - bedroom - night 59 nora be sleep in the bed , bb slip a robe on , look at she and then go down the stair to the live room . he take a piece of paper out of he jacket pocket on the back of a chair , and dial a number on the telephone . CUT to : 60 int . pimlico HOTEL - bar - night 60 telephone ring at the bar , the barman pick it up . barman ( into phone ) yeah , he 's here ... just a minute . the barman call over to tilley who we see sit at a table with some of the other tin man . barman hey , tilley , somebody want ya on the phone . tilley get up from the table and go over to the phone . tilley yeah , this be tilley ... CUT to : 61 int . bb's apartment - bedroom 61 bb on phone . bb hey , asshole ... here 's the ultimate ' fuck you ' ... I just poke you wife ! CUT to : 62 int . pimlico HOTEL - bar 62 tilley on phone . tilley what be you talk about ? CUT to : 61 . 63 int . bb's apartment - bedroom 63 bb on phone . bb she 's in my bed right now with a big smile on she face . CUT to : 64 int . pimlico HOTEL - bar 64 tilley on phone . tilley well , that 's just fine by I ... she 's a pain in the ass ... a albatross around my neck . you be welcome to she ... keep she ... and may you both rot in hell ! tilley slam the phone down . CUT to : 65 int . live room 65 bb put the phone down -- look puzzle . bb be this a setup ? that son of a bitch ... I bet he set I up ... I think I get he , and he get I . that son of a bitch ! CUT to : 66 ext . STREET - night 66 tilley pull up in he car in front of he house . he run up the front step . 67 int . tilley's house 67 he open the door , flip on the light and look around . he race upstairs and start rifling through the closet and drawer , pull out nora 's clothes -- she dress , skirt , blouse , and coat -- and he open the window wide and throw they out . he scream as he toss underwear and the rest of she clothes . ( continued ) 62 . 67 continued : 67 tilley I be a free man ! I be a free man ! he grab nora 's shoe and throw they out onto the street . then he go into the bathroom and pile all of she toiletry in he arm , toss they into a trash can . take a suitcase from a shelf in the bedroom , open it , throw in the trash can . he clear out she underwear drawer and empty they into the suitcase , close the suitcase and then throw that out of the window . he 's out of breath , exhaust and sweat . he go down - stair into the kitchen to get himself a drink . he see a pair of nora 's slipper under the kitchen table , he pick they up , open the back door and toss they outside . lock the door . he stand there as if a motor be run inside of he . walk out of the kitchen . 68 ext . tilley's house 68 he exit the house , get into he car and drive away . CUT to : 69 int . tilley's car - night 69 tilley be drive . the same Sinatra record " in the wee SMALL hour of the morning " be play on the car radio . tilley do he now familiar neck exercise to relieve tension . he 's hard to read ... a mixture of happiness and sadness . CUT to : 70 ext . diner - night 70 through the window of the diner we see tilley sit alone at a table drink a cup of coffee . the Sinatra record " in the wee SMALL hour of the morning " play over this . CUT to : 71 ext . STREET - night 71 nora be get out of she car in front of she house . she start to walk toward the house and stop as she see she clothing , shoe , etc . scattered all over the lawn . she try to take in the scene -- coat be lie on hedge , underwear on the flower bed ... she 's shocked . ( continued ) 63 . 71 continued : 71 nora ( quietly ) oh , my God ! she just stand there and tear run down she face . long wide shot of nora 's back to the camera , with all she possession strewn over the front garden of she house . CUT to : 72 ext . bb's front door - night 72 nora be stand at the door with she suitcase in hand . bb be at the door . nora he must have go crazy ... I do not know what happen to he ... he must have find out I be with you ... I do not know ... I do not know what to do . she start to cry . she go to hug bb . nora can I stay with you for a day or two ? bb put he arm around nora . bb sure . CUT to : 73 int . pool hall - long shot - day 73 of a nearly empty pool hall . one guy play alone in the far corner of the room . tilley come down the stair of the pool hall and start to walk toward the back room -- camera follows he . he open the door and go through . 74 int . gibraltar aluminum siding company 74 camera continue to follow he into the office of Gibraltar aluminum siding company . ( continued ) 64 . 74 continued : 74 we pass by three girl on telephone -- they be solicit - ing job for the salesmen . camera goe from one girl to the other . girl # 1 hello , this be Gibraltar aluminum siding company , we be take a survey ... girl # 2 ... would you be interested in we field representative give you a home demonstration ? girl # 3 ... Home demonstration . we will have some factory representative in you area today as it happen . a voice call out . voice ( o.s. ) tilley ! let I see you . tilley walk over to the coffee machine . tilley wing , give I a minute to get a cup of coffee here . tilley pass Sam on the way to the coffee machine . Sam be look through the sport page of the newspaper , along with mouse and gil. SAM what about ' Super highway ' in the seventh ... it 's pay 7 to 1 . ran well in its last race . gil look at the newspaper . gil ' Super highway ' ... tilley four in the fourth ... twenty buck . SAM who 's that ? tilley I do not know ... it just come to I -- number four in the fourth . ( continued ) 65 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 SAM ( look at tilley ) number four in the fourth -- ' Rider 's revenge ' -- 60 to 1 , never be in the money . Nice pick , tilley . why do not you just throw the twenty dollar in the trash can right now . tilley ' Rider 's revenge ' ... I like that name . I have gotta go and see wing . ( a little piss off ) look , we can be scientific from now to doomsday , but we gotta be gutsy and go for the big one . tilley go through the door into wing 's office . 75 int . wing be office 75 his office be equally messy and throw together as everything else in the Gibraltar office . as tilley close the door , he coffee , which be fill to the top of he cup , spill over the top and start to burn he hand . tilley ah ! ah ! he jump back , and put he coffee down on a desk , and wipe he hand on the back of he jacket . tilley what 's up , wing ? wing be sit at he desk which be cluttere with papers . wing you lose a sale , tilley . the hudson ' loan do not go through . tilley what do ya mean ? they would not clear the loan ? ( continued ) 66 . 75 continued : 75 wing this Mr. Hudson 's some guy . he 's get three outstanding shoplift charge , failure to pay child support from a previous marriage ... guy 's overdue on he mortgage , overdue on he car loan , and he be fire from he last job for misappropriation of fund . tilley what 's wrong with this world ? there be sick people out there ! thievin ' son of a bitch like that take up my time ... cut into the amount of hour I have available to deal with other people interested in my ware ! there 's no fuck sympathy for the work man in this country . wing they do not make we job easy , tilley . tilley ( lament ) wing , it be such a beautiful thing ... you shoulda see how I work . like a magician ... ' this job be free ' ! it be my best ... my best ! there 's no fuck justice in this world ... there be not no justice . tilley go to pick up he coffee off the desk . wing do you see the paper ? tilley what section ? wing take a look at this . he hand the newspaper to tilley . tilley ( read ) ' Home improvement Commission ... hearing begin today ... " be this mccarthyism ? what be they gonna see ? if there be any communist ? ( continued ) 67 . 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 wing just cool down the scam , okay , tilley ? tilley shrug he shoulder . CUT to : 76 int . converted tobacco warehouse - day 76 a area have be set up for hearing to take place . this seem to be a temporary headquarters until something sub - stantial can be work out . there be box and crate all over . there 's a long table with a number of commis- sioner behind it , and a defense table a little way across the room . microphone be be use , and the sound boom -- echoing off the wall . a small gallery of people be watch the proceedings . angle on JOHN master who be preside over the hearing . even though he wear a tie and a vest , he be nonetheless very sloppily dress . to he leave and right be two other home improvement commissioner . master now , when you make you initial sale pitch , do you indicate that you would be give free storm window with the job ? angle on murray bank a typical aluminum siding salesman , in he early 40' . he lean into the microphone . murray free storm window ? master yes . that you would provide a free set of storm window with the sale of aluminum siding . murray no , sir . I would not be able to make any money if I be give away storm window . my cost of a storm window be somewhere like ... ( continued ) 68 . 76 continued : 76 master ( cut he off ) the point be that you have no intention of give away the storm window . angle on bb and moe stand by the door at the back of the warehouse . murray ( o.s. ) the storm window , as I can recall , be not a issue . I mention that I think the storm window would cut down on they heating bill , and that they would obviously enhance the look of the house with the aluminum siding work we be go to do . master ( o.s. ) so , you be not dangle a free set of storm window as a come - on to sell they the aluminum siding job ? because it say here , and I be read from a statement from Mr. tabaleri ... moe ( to bb ) what do ya make of all this ? bb it 's the future , moe ... it 's the future . master ( o.s. ) ' it be my understanding that the storm window be include in the price of the sale . ' CUT to : 77 ext . tobacco warehouse - day 77 moe and bb be walk away from the warehouse toward bb 's car ... away from camera . moe where do you think they be get this information from ? ( continued ) 69 . 77 continued : 77 bb I dunno ... look like any tin man get in that hot seat , then he 's have it . moe then they can take you license forever ... it do not seem fair . they walk by a volkswagen " beetle " car that 's park in front of bb 's cadillac . bb stop and look at it . bb Boy , I tell ya , I bet you could sell a ton of this thing . moe that ? too silly - look . bb look at the car for a few more second , then go to get into he car . bb ever see a dealership ? moe no. bb interesting . they get in the car and drive off . CUT to : 78 ext . racetrack - angle on starting gate - day 78 as it bolt open and the horse charge out . CUT to : 79 int . turf club at race track - angle on SAM and tilley 79 - day sitting at a table . Sam be study the racing form , tilley be study the menu . ( continued ) 70 . 79 continued : 79 tilley I keep rack my brain . I gotta find a way to really get even with this guy . it be not enough to wreck he car ... even break into he house and mess it up or something , that do not have enough impact . I mean , the man poke my wife ! I gotta come up with something ingenious ... something ingenious . Sam see a waiter approach and indicate to tilley to get off the subject . waiter arrive at they table . SAM ( to tilley ) so , what do ya think ? tilley I think I will take some meatloaf . waiter ( write on check ) meatloaf . tilley no , I think I will have some fish . no , no ... fish do not fill you up . meatloaf . he close the menu . waiter so , it 's meatloaf ? SAM ( to tilley ) what do you think , ' Sally 's pride ' in the second ? ( to waiter ) get I a bloody Mary . waiter ( to Sam ) anything other than the bloody Mary ? tilley ( to Sam ) what number be Sally 's pride ? ( continued ) 71 . 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 SAM six. ( to waiter ) no , I do not like to eat until the third race . waiter walk off . tilley ( put he hand to he forehead ) six ... six ... six ... six . ( beat ) I be think one . whose one ? SAM Mr. motor. tilley then that 's it , I be go with one . SAM tilley , this be insane . you be pick horse because you think you be clairvoyant or something . tilley Sam , I be not do too well by check the stat , so why not . I put my hand to my forehead , I see a one -- Mr. motor in the second ... twenty buck . they both look toward the track , the horse race to the finish line . number nine streak across the finish line . SAM hallihan 's daughter . tilley ( laugh ) I get it ... I get it ... he pick up the racing form . tilley Three to one ... hundred and sixty smacker . ( laugh ) Hand to the forehead ! Hand to the forehead ! ( continued ) 72 . 79 continued : ( 3 ) 79 SAM you be not exactly talk about a long shot . Mr. motor , for instance , be come off at 50 to 1 . tilley tap he forehead , with he eye close . tilley third race , I see a six ... I see a three . I do not think the verdict 's in on that one yet . tilley stand up and be go through he money and race ticket . tilley wing pay a hundred on number five , he lose , I get hundred and forty ... next race I will lay down the bet . ( beat ) what you take in this race ? SAM thrifty 's Delight -- number four -- 20 buck . tilley you take thrifty 's Delight -- 20 buck , I get 20 on Mr. motor , wing 's get a hundred on night Fire . what 's the odd on night Fire ? SAM twenty to one . tilley I do not see night Fire win . fuck it , I be not gonna even place the bet ... I just make a hundred buck . SAM what be you , crazy ? what happen if he win ? tilley he 's not gonna win ... I feel it . ( continued ) 73 . 79 continued : ( 4 ) 79 tilley head towards the betting booth . wing enter near the booth , tilley yell to he . tilley hey , wing , we be sit just off the leave of the entrance . I be gonna lay down you bet right now . see you in a minute . you lose the first race , in case you do not know . CUT to : 80 ext . STREET - day 80 bb 's cadillac be move along the street . CUT to : 81 int . bb's cadillac - day 81 bb be behind the wheel , moe be beside he in the passenger seat . bb I tell you something , she 's get on my nerve . moe who , nora ? bb yeah , yeah ... who else be it gonna be ... ' who , nora " !... who else be there ? ( beat ) the whole idea of be with a girl on consecutive night be new to I . it 's one thing when they be with you for a night , but when they live with ya , it 's stretch the point . they get a lot of thing they bring with they ... you go to the bathroom you see ' thing ' you never see before . moe so , what 's the todo ? ( continued ) 74 . 81 continued : 81 bb well , they move you stuff around and it 's not where it use to be ... I be not use to that . moe you mean all this time you have never live with a girl ? bb what ?! do we just meet ? how long we be partner ? no , I have never live with a girl ! moe Boy , oh boy ! do you wake up on the wrong side of the bed today ? bb yes , I do . I come in last night , she be sleep on my side of the bed . in my life I never get out of bed on the leave side ... in my life , never from the leave . ( beat ; he look out of the car window ) I get close once up in the catskill . I meet this girl , dorian . for a week we be together , but it be not the same because she always go to she room to change and do all that stuff . she do not have thing in my room . bb give a big sigh . bb all this ' cos I be try to get even with some guy . ( beat ) you know what ? I think I get to see she and put a end to this . CUT to : 82 int . social security office - day 82 we see hundred of secretary type away , and clerk sit at desk . bb walk into the office , peek he head around the corner , feel a little uncomfortable . he start to walk around try to find nora out of all the secretary and clerk . ( continued ) 75 . 82 continued : 82 angle on nellie nora 's friend . she look up from the typewriter and see bb . in he thick overcoat , huddle up , he seem a little lose , and it 's obvious that he 's look for someone . nellie ( call across to nora at the next desk ) be that he ? nora ( look up and and bb wander around ) yes. ( she smile and yell ) Bill ! bb turn towards nora . nora wave to he , happily , with a twinkle in she eye . bb feel conspicuous -- people be look at he . he give a little wave . bb ( softly ) yeah . CUT to : 83 int . social security office - coffee area 83 nora give bb a small kiss . nora I be glad you stop by . this be a real surprise . bb listen , I get a problem . nora oh. how can I help ? bb um ... er ... ( realize that she do not quite get the point ) well , the problem be ... like ... be like ... eh , you know ... you be the problem . ( continued ) 76 . 83 continued : 83 nora ( quietly , obviously really take with he ) really . how so ? bb there 's thing that be bother I . nora like what ? bb you know ... thing . nora thing ? bb you know , like thing that come up ... stuff ... like ... you know , annoyance . nora annoyance ? bb hard to explain ... very hard . nora well , try . bb as a example ... I come home last night , I get undress , and I realize you be sleep on my side of the bed . I have always sleep on that side ... it 's something I have always do . nora then why do not you just nudge I a bit and tell I to go and sleep on the other side ? bb I do not want to wake you up ... I think you might think it be kind of stupid or something . nora well , that 's easily change . ( continued ) 77 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 bb but there be other thing ... bigger thing . but I realize just talk about it , they all sound petty and silly . nora listen , if you think all of this be go too fast , maybe I should move out . be that what you want , Bill ? bb look around , very uncomfortable , and he shrug . nora I really care for you , but if you think it 's best . ( beat ) I do not want to make you unhappy . after a long beat . bb I do not think we have get to take drastic action . nora smile . bb think I would come by and get thing off my chest ... talk it out . ( beat ) listen , I be go over to pimlico ... catch the seventh race ... wanna come ? nora I can not get away from work . bb I know . he go to walk away , then turn back and give she a quick kiss . he turn and walk away . nora watch he as he walk by the row and row of secretary and clerk . CUT to : 84 int . turf club at racetrack - closeup of tilley - day 84 watch a race . ( continued ) 78 . 84 continued : 84 tilley ( very excited and animated ) we be take a thirty - to- one shot ... number eight ... come on number eight ... ' streamer ... ' come on , you sucker ! CUT to : 85 ext . racetrack - day 85 we see horse number eight in the lead , come around the home stretch . CUT to : 86 ext . grandstand - day 86 moe and bb be watch the race . CUT to : 87 int . turf club - angle on tilley , SAM and wing - day 87 tilley be still yell for he horse , Sam and wing watch quietly . tilley thirty-to-one ... a hundred buck on you , number eight . there 's a guy up here who put a hundred on ya . come on ... come on ... come on , baby ... come on , baby ! 88 ext . racetrack - finish line - day 88 another horse -- number 14 -- race past the win post . CUT to : 89 int . turf club - angle on SAM , tilley and wing - day 89 tilley nooooooo ! ( continued ) 79 . 89 continued : 89 wing smile . wing ( quietly ) I have get myself a winner . tilley turn to look at wing . Sam turn towards tilley look concerned . we see the total flashed on the board indicate that the win horse pay $ 16.30 . CUT to : 90 ext . grandstand - angle on moe and bb - day 90 bb ( smile ) Way to go ... Southern Belle . moe tear up he ticket . bb should have bet with I , moe. CUT to : 91 int . turf club - angle on wing , SAM and tilley - day 91 wing ( smile ) very nice ! tilley that be you horse , wing ? wing yeah ... Southern Belle . you oughta know , you bet she for I . tilley of course . wing go to look at form . wing ( to tilley ) I be gonna go with the favorite in this one -- fordnee Lane . ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . 91 continued : 91 wing ( cont 'd ) I tell you what , I win sixteen plus on the other race , from that winning you can bet I eight hundred . tilley eight hundred ? wing yeah ... I wanna bet eight hundred on fordnee Lane . tilley ( feel uncom - fortable ) fordnee lane -- eight hundred . Sam be look at tilley know that he 's really in a jam . tilley eight hundred . wing ( call to waiter ) waiter , can you get I a cup of coffee ? tilley look over to Sam , with panic on he face . wing turn back to tilley and Sam . wing you guy want anything else ? tilley ( nod " no " ) er ... hum ... er ... hey , wing ... I tell you , I get a problem . wing what be it ? tilley it 's the eight hundred on fordnee Lane . I have not get it . wing no , you get it wrong . you take it from the sixteen plus I win ... the eight hundred . ( continued ) 81 . 91 continued : ( 2 ) 91 tilley I have not get the winning . wing ( angry ) what do ya mean , you do not have my winning ? tilley wing , it be the craziest thing ... I do not want to mention it earlier because it be so nut ... it be the craziest thing . wing what ? tilley I do not know how to even tell you this without be embarrassed for myself . it be a accident ... it 's like one of that thing out of the blue ... it 's crazy ... you can not explain it ... it happen . wing ( to Sam ) Sam , what be he talk about ? SAM ( quietly ) he have a accident of some sort . tilley it happen ... I do not know how ... I do not know how to explain . it 's too crazy , I swear to God , wing . wing wait a minute ... you be tell I that I do not win the last race ? tilley you win , wing ... you win , it 's just that you be not get any money ... it be a fluke . I swear , I do not know how it could have happen . a ten -year- old could not have make the mistake I make ... I do not know , I swear . ( continued ) 82 . 91 continued : ( 3 ) 91 wing ( to Sam ) what the fuck be he talk about ? tilley if there be some way I could make it up , believe I , I would , because you know where I stand . there 's a beat while wing just look at tilley . tilley you know where I stand , wing . if there be any way , believe I , I would make it up . I would give you thirty percent of what you do not get because it be a fluke ... I be willing to make some kind of retribution . wing you just pockete the God damned money ... you just take my money and slip it into you God damned pocket , do not you ? tilley no. I would split fifty - fifty with you , that 's how badly I feel under the circumstance . wing you get this straight , you son of a bitch , you owe I sixteen plus ... I want sixteen plus . tilley be I try to shirk my responsibility ? that 's not the way I see it ... it be a fluke , a crazy thing that happen , but I stand behind my honor on this ... put it on my tab . wing ( to Sam ) what the hell be wrong with he ? what the hell be wrong with he ? he 's steal money from I ... what the hell be wrong with he ? can you tell I ? ( continued ) 83 . 91 continued : ( 4 ) 91 SAM I do not know the whole story . wing you work with he , Sam ... for Christ sake ... wing be totally frustrated . tilley what do you mean , wrong ? it be a fluke ... it be a accident . I do not know what the hell go wrong . it be a one - in-a- million thing that happen to I when I go to place that bet . I be try to do what I can . wing ( shaking he head ) tilley , what the hell happen to you ? CUT to : 92 ext . racetrack - late afternoon 92 tilley and Sam be leave the racetrack and walk to tilley 's cadillac . SAM why do not you at least give he the six hundred that you pockete from the six race he lose ? tilley fuck he ! it 's on my tab . at least I have get six hundred in my pocket right now . it 's like another loan . Sam , you get to think about today . today , I get six hundred buck in my pocket . you know what I be say ? SAM yeah . ( continued ) 84 . 92 continued : 92 tilley it 's like some guy try to sell I life insurance . you think I be gonna take some money out of my pocket to give to some jerk so that somebody can take it when I be dead ? no , Sam , you gotta live for today . I be gonna live as good as I can every day . you know what I be say ? as Sam and tilley walk towards tilley 's cadillac , bb and moe be walk to bb 's cadillac park close to tilley 's car . they see each other . tilley ( yell to bb ) hey , Mr. marengay go to the track ! bb do you bother to bet , or do you just hand you money to the teller ? tilley ( laugh ) the sarcasm 's kill I . ( beat ) I think you be look to get even . bb who 's you accountant , mister , ' cos I think you be down in the debit side . tilley who 's stick with my wife . you or I ? he laugh . bb you want I to believe that you be set I up with you wife as some kind of decoy ? tilley decoy be the word ! there 's a long beat as the two guy eye one another . then , almost in a soft apologetic manner , bb speak . ( continued ) 85 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 bb okay then , you win . bb get into he car . tilley I win ? ( to Sam ) that guy would never let I win . he must be set I up . the son of a bitch be set I up , Sam . SAM for cry out loud , why do not you just leave it at that ... you win . tilley I could not have win . ( beat ) I smell a rat . bb 's car pull away . tilley and Sam watch he go . CUT to : 93 int . bb's cadillac - day 93 bb 's drive and moe be in the passenger seat . moe bb , I think you be get a little humility in you blood . bb if get nora be part of lose , thank God I do not win . CUT to : 94 ext . old tobacco warehouse - day 94 a temporary sign be post on the door and a painter be fill in the name -- " home improvement commission . " CUT to : 86 . 95 int . tobacco warehouse - office - day 95 this be the office of the Home improvement Commission . desk , chair and filing cabinet be all over the place ( not yet organize ) and box and carton be stack against a wall . angle on John Masters walk with a file under he arm . he walk across the half - empty warehouse where worker be renovate the space . he approach a table where stanley be seat with he foot up , nursing a hot cup of coffee . Masters throw a file down on the table . master this be good , Stan ... nice work . stanley nod . master fossey say it should go down very well with the city council . could help we appropriate more fund . this go a long way to establish we credibility in what we be try to do . we hear a loud , sawing noise and hammering echoing through the warehouse throughout this scene . stanley there 's a lot more where this come from . master you know what I think you should do now . why do not you pull some file ... some file that be complete , other that go unsold , and I will have somebody run it down , talk to the customer and get some statement . stanley pull file be another thing . that might not be easy . master to sneak a few here and there when you can . stanley I will see . master I think that might be good . CUT to : 87 . 96 ext . STREET - night 96 bb 's cadillac be park in front of a house . moe ( o.s. ) what do you think if we make this one of we factory showcase house ? man ( o.s. ) what 's that ? bb ( o.s. ) it 's a good location ... get a lot of traffic on this street . CUT to : 97 int . house - night 97 bb and moe be sell to mr. and mrs . shubner , a young couple . the television be on in the background . shubner ( man ) what do that mean , Mr. gable ? moe you know what I do , Alan ? I pick certain house that be strategically locate , we put up the aluminum siding , and for every referral , for every person who see this quality job that we do ... see how beautiful it be ... I give you two hundred dollar . shubner two hundred dollar ? moe that 's right . God know how many home we could sell by people pass this house . it 's perfectly place for that . ( take out he wallet ) Alan , this be how confident I feel that this house will drum up business for I . he peel off four hundred dollar and hand the money to shubner . ( continued ) 88 . 97 continued : 97 moe four hundred dollar ... I be give you commission on two house referral before I put a panel on the side of you house ... that 's how confident I feel . shubner you think that many people be go to ... moe ( interrupt shubner ) I be certain of it . I be not give away four hundred dollar for my health ... I be a businessman , and I be a good businessman . this be good business for I . I be give it away ' cos I believe in this house , believe that it will refer I to other job which mean money in my pocket , which mean money in you pocket . shubner you get a deal , Mr. gable . bb smile . suddenly moe wince in pain . shubner something wrong , sir ? moe collapse to the floor . CUT to : 98 int . hospital corridor 98 moe be be wheeled on a gurney by a couple of nursing attendant . bb walk alongside . bb I finally get hold of May ... she be over you sister 's . moe ( breathe heavily ) oh , I forget . bb she will be down here shortly . ( continued ) 89 . 98 continued : 98 moe bb , I do not have any insurance . if I die , May 's get nothing ... nothing ... nothing for Leonard . the only money I have get be in my pocket . that 's all I get . bb just take it easy , moe ... rest . moe do they sign ? do they sign ? bb do not worry about it now . moe goddamn it , bb ! do you sign they ? bb do not worry ... do not worry . I will take care of it tomorrow . moe goddamn , my chest hurt . ( beat ) I always teach you , bb , never walk out of a place without a sign contract . somebody 's word be not spit . bb they will sign , moe . do not worry , they will sign . they round the bend of the corridor . CUT to : 99 int . hospital hallway 99 bb be on a public phone to nora . we never see nora , we just hear she voice . bb this be kind of new to I , but I think I better call and tell you I be gonna be late ... maybe two or three . I never have anyone there to call before , but I think I should call , you know . ( continued ) 90 . 99 continued : 99 nora ( v.o. ) why ? do you think you have some obligation ? bb I dunno ... I think I would better call , that 's all . nora ( v.o. ) well , I be glad you do . bb I do not know what 's gonna happen to moe . nora ( v.o. ) well , I hope he 's okay . ( beat ) I will see you when you get in . she give bb a kiss on the phone . bb ( look at the receiver ) yeah . he hang up the phone and walk to a room opposite . he open the door and stand in the doorway look at moe who be lie beneath a oxygen tent . CUT to : 100 int . diner - day 100 tilley , Sam , mouse and gil be sit in a booth have just finish breakfast . SAM let I see what the damage be . ( he reach for the bill , hum as he read ) babum ... babum ... babum ... babum ... he hand the bill to mouse . SAM mouse , figure it out , will ya ? gil why do not we just split it five way ? ( continued ) 91 . 100 continued : 100 tilley no way ! I do not eat anything , so why should I pay for mouse ... he eat like a animal . SAM well , sometimes you will eat more than he do , and it will even out . tilley no way ! he 's a pig ! he always eat more than anyone else . why should I pay for he food ? mouse what be you talk about ? today I happen to have egg and flapjack , some cantalope , some juice and then another juice . tilley like a animal ! like a animal ! mouse but yesterday , what do I have ? tilley what do he have ? ( turn to Sam ) Sam , what do he have ? SAM let I get out my notebook . how the fuck do I know what he have ? tilley well I do not remember what he have . gil , what do he have ? gil pancake ? mouse no. through the diner window we see nora 's car pull up and park outside the diner . tilley ( to mouse ) then what do you have ? mouse guess . ( continued ) 92 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 tilley what be this , a quiz show ? we do not know what you have . what do you have ? mouse I have very little . tilley very little !! you eat like a animal ! it could not have be very little . mouse I do not have that much ... do not anybody remember ? SAM we do not remember , I do not know why . gli I could have swear he have pancake . tilley he say he do not have pancake . mouse I will give you a clue ... maple syrup be use . tilley I do not give a shit . SAM french toast . there 's a knock at the window of the diner . tilley french toast ? he have more than french toast . mouse yes , but not a lot more . we hear further rapping on the window . tilley I do not give a damn ... it 's split five way . ( continued ) 93 . 100 continued : ( 3 ) 100 gil ( to tilley ) you wife 's knock on the window here . tilley look to the window , acknowledge nora and point to the far end of the diner , she nod and start walk across the front of the diner to the door . 101 int . diner - day 101 nora and tilley be sit alone at a table drink coffee . tilley be not long ago you never would have see a woman in here . nora you do not have to tell I . how many night do you drop I off and come up here all the time ? tilley I know . I be just try to be congenial ... you know , start a conversation off , on a nice kind of light level , you know . so , what 's the scoop , nora ? nora well you know , I think we really should get divorced . tilley make sense . you want some more coffee ? nora yeah , I will have some . tilley ( shouting to waitress ) Florence , some coffee here . ( to nora ) it 's for the best . ( beat ) you know , we be kind of fool ourselves , be not we ? ( continued ) 94 . 101 continued : 101 nora yes , it go wrong somewhere along the line -- I do not know where though . tilley yes , something go wrong ... I do not know . Florence walk over and pour coffee for tilley and nora , then walk away . tilley so you like this guy ? nora yeah , I like he . tilley all in all I guess it will all work out for the best . nora I be glad you feel that way . tilley yeah , can you figure it out ? a guy bang into my car , think I do he in , try to get even with I by steal my wife , you two people fall in love ... can you figure that out ? nora what ? tilley you tell I you do not know this be the guy ? nora this be that guy ? tilley yeah , I tell you I run into another tin man . nora he do not tell I he be a tin man ... he tell I he sell baby picture . ( continued ) 95 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 tilley it 's you life . all I know be this guy have a bent weather vane . nora oh , God ! not another tin man . CUT to : 102 int . superior aluminum siding company office - day 102 we see and hear the Girls work the telephone , as before . girl # 1 good afternoon , this be Superior aluminum siding . we be go to have ... girl # 2 ... a salesman in you area today ... bb be sit in a chair across from looney . looney beeb , why do not you let stanley work with you . I be off to Florida at the end of the week for some sun and fun . let stanley work with you , and when I get back , we will see how moe 's do . bb I do not know . to be honest with you , I think I would rather work alone ... he 's too green . be he a pain in the ass ? looney no . he do not talk much ; he 's a good listener , so he can not really get on you nerve . he 's a lousy pool player and he can not play card for shit , but ... bb ( interrupt ) so what good be he ? ( continued ) 96 . 102 continued : 102 looney studious type ... take a lot of note . bb ( smile ) if this be a sale pitch , I think you get to work a little harder ' cos I do not think you have get good product . CUT to : 103 ext . industrial warehouse - angle on bb - day 103 as he come out of the Superior aluminum building and walk towards he car . we see nora drive she chevy in front of bb 's car . she drive she car forward , and then reverse it hard into bb 's cadillac . he run over to the driver 's side of nora 's chevy . bb what be you , crazy ?! nora drive the car forward and then backwards again almost run bb down . she roll down the window ( auto - matically ) so that she can yell . nora you be a goddamn tin man ! then she back the car up . bb try to go around the front of the car . bb wait a minute ! wait a minute ! nora start to move the car towards he . he move away , and she car smashes into the side of he car . she press the button to the window and roll it down just a shade . nora you want to win I just to get even with my husband ... screw you ! she roll up the window , floor the car , and drive away . ( continued ) 97 . 103 continued : 103 angle on looney as he walk out of the building . he see bb 's car all smashed up . looney ( to bb ) I think you ought to get rid of this car ... it 's bad luck . nora 's car screech around the corner . looney be that the guy again ? bb no , it 's he wife . looney there 's some kind of sickness that run in that family . CUT to : 104 int . pool hall - tight shot of mouse - day 104 he 's sing " the banana Boat song . " mouse ' Day - o ! da , da , da , da , day ... daylight come and he wanna go home ... ' angle on tilley and gil at a table play pool . mouse be stand next to he trust jukebox , belting out he favorite Harry belafonte song . in b.g. : tilley ( to gil ) why can not they get rid of that fuck record ? it 's not a hit anymore ... nobody care about this song anymore ... it 's history . mouse continue sing in the background . mouse ' Day - o! da , da , da , da , day ... ' gil we can always smash the juke box , or break in and steal the record . ( continued ) 98 . 104 continued : 104 tilley ( lining up a shot ) he 's get on my nerve . the guy eat like a animal , and sing like a asshole . gil maybe it 's I , but I be beginning to like it . tilley hit the ball and sink the shot . tilley ( happily ) yes , sir ... yes , sir ! angle on SAM he come out of the back room into the pool hall , and walk over to the table where tilley and gil be play pool . he drop a open envelope onto the pool table . SAM ( to tilley ) take a look at this crap . tilley IRS ? they be not gonna leave I alone ! SAM Home improvement Commission . with that word there 's a genuine moment of concern from all of the tin man -- even mouse stop sing . tilley pick up the envelope and pull out the letter . tilley we have get to appear ? SAM I think that 's the gist of what they be say . gil look over tilley 's shoulder at the letter . mouse come over . mouse Holy Christ ! tilley can not we just ignore it ? how do they know we get the letter . ( continued ) 99 . 104 continued : ( 2 ) 104 SAM it 's certified . tilley what do you think , Sam ? SAM I dunno ... I do not know what they have get . tilley why be this happen ? be I paranoid or something ? I mean , why be this happen ? the government be after I ... the state be after I ... Mr. marengay ... somebody be always after I . what the hell 's go on here ? I be just this guy . what 's the big deal ? they can not get along without I ? the government can not operate unless they have get tilley 's money ... the Commission 's after my job ! this shit 's drive I insane ! all the lie , thieve , steal corporation in this world , and the IRS take the time to come for I ? there 's billion of dollar out there but they have get to come and get tilley 's four thousand dollar ! ( turn to mouse ) turn off the fuck belafonte song now , or I be gonna break the goddamn machine !! CUT to : 105 int . corral club - night 105 bb be sit at the bar , get drunk . stanley sit next to he . a girl approach ( ruthie ) . ruthie come on , beeb , let 's dance . bb not tonight , ruthie , my dance shoe be on holiday . ruthie you sure ? ( continued ) 100 . 105 continued : 105 bb I be more than sure . ruthie move off . bb take a shot of whiskey and downs it , and then drink some beer . stanley who be the best you ever see ? bb best I ever see ? best tin man I ever see ? he hold up he shot glass towards the bartender , and the bartender fill it up . bb Harry apel ... dandy Flynn ... that guy have good line , but they burn themselves out too fast . best ? moe 's the best ... the best there ever be . if he 's in the door , he 's get a sale . the best closer ever . stanley what 's some of the hustle he use to pull ? bb downs another shot glass of whisky . bb God damn nora ... God damn nora ! I be try to adjust ... I be put up with thing I never put up with in my life . I mean , give I a break ... give I a break , woman . stanely want to get back to the topic of best tin man . stanley ( make light ) so , what be a couple of thing you and moe have do ? bb ( still on the subject of nora ) it be get to be real pleasant ... figure that . ( long beat ) more than pleasant . to hell with she ! ( continued ) 101 . 105 continued : ( 2 ) 105 stanley how come moe 's so good ? why do you think , huh ? bb great man , moe. great man . bb hold out he glass again to the bartender who refill it . bb downs the shot and drink more beer . bb I do not know why they be so irrational ... chick . I dunno . I think it 's because air get inside them . ( beat ) she probably go back home , to she husband . ( look at he watch ) eleven -thirty ... he would not be home yet . ( take out a $ 10 bill from he wallet ) this outght to cover it , stanley . he put the $ 10 bill down on the bar and walk out of the club . CUT to : 106 ext . STREET - night 106 Sam 's cadillac move along a row of house . CUT to : 107 int . cadillac - night 107 Sam be drive the car , tilley be in the passenger seat , very drunk . tilley they get no right . you know what I be say , Sam ? they have get no right . tilley take a drink from a pint of whisky he have open . ( continued ) 102 . 107 continued : 107 SAM they have get nothing concrete against we , because if it 's just hearsay stuff , it 's neither here nor there . tilley ( look around ) where 's my car ? what happen to my car ? SAM it 's better I drop you off . tilley yeah , it 's better . CUT to : 108 int . tilley's bathroom - night 108 tilley be in the bathroom wash he face in the sink , try to sober up . he lift he head out of the water and bang it on the faucet . he grab he head in pain and then slide down the tile wall to the floor . CUT to : 109 ext . STREET - night 109 bb 's cadillac pull up in front of tilley 's house . we see bb look up and down the street , with he head out of the car window . he 's very drunk . bb he be not here . he get out of the car and look around the street some more . he stumble up to a couple of park car , look - ing for nora 's car . he fall into some trash can in front of the house . CUT to : 110 int . tilley's house - bathroom - night 110 tilley be lie on the floor . his eye open at the sound of the trash can falling . he struggle to he foot and walk through the bedroom . we hear the sound of more trash can rattling . ( continued ) 103 . 110 continued : 110 tilley go to the bedroom window and look out . he see bb struggle to he foot , surround by trash can and garbage . tilley I know I could smell a rat ! the son of a bitch be come for I ... the son of a bitch never want to leave I alone ! tilley walk over to the night table , open the drawer and pull out a revolver . CUT to : 111 ext . STREET - night 111 bb make he way up the front stair to tilley 's house . CUT to : 112 int . tilley's house - night 112 tilley make he way down the stair , and creep to the front door . tilley ( quietly ) you want to rob my God damn house ? I be gonna make it easy for you . ( unlock the door and leave it ajar ) come and rob tilley ... come on ... take everything he 's get . CUT to : 113 ext . front door of tilley's house - night 113 bb knock on the door . the door swing open . he wait a moment , unsure as to what to do . CUT to : 11436 int . tilley's house - other side of front door 114 tilley stand behind the door with the gun , wait . bb step inside the house . ( continued ) 104 . 114 continued : 114 bb hel ... before he can finish the word " hello , " tilley hit he hard in the head with the butt of the gun . bb fall to the ground unconscious . CUT to : 115 int . tilly house 115 black screen . then a light go on , and we see the in - side of a refrigerator . pull back to reveal tilley at the refrigerator in the kitchen of he home . he be put egg and rotten tomato from the refrigerator into a bowl . he look at a piece of celery , but it 's so wilted and have no strength for he purpose that he throw it down . he pick up other vegetable , but settles for the egg and tomato . he close the be - frigerator door and make he way to the live room . we see bb lie on the floor , unconscious . tilley sit down across from he with the bowl in he lap ... he watch bb . bb start to come to . tilley ( to bb ) you be a sick man ! you smash my car , you steal my wife , and now you come to rob I ! you be one dement human be . bb try to focus on tilley . tilley I be go to call the police and send you to jail ... but I be go to humiliate you first . tilley throw a egg at bb and hit he in the head . bb be groggy and confuse and still drunk . bb what be you do ? tilley what do ya want to break into my house for ? this be not the fuck rockefeller mansion ! there be not thirty - eight television set here . ( more ) ( continued ) 105 . 115 continued : 115 tilley ( cont 'd ) they be not say ' Nelson , I think we have have a break - in ... count the set to see how many we have get leave . ' there be not ton of jewelry hang out of drawer ... it be not like I do not know which watch to put on , I get so many . I be a work man , try to make a honest live . what fuck morality you get , asshole ?!! tilley throw another egg at bb and hit he in the head again . Egg yolk drip down bb 's face . he try to get off the floor , but can not . bb you be the craziest human be on the face of this earth ! tilley , get ready with another egg . tilley what else do you want from I ? huh ? what else ?! I have get enough problem with the i.r.s. busting my ball and the Home improvement Commission bullshit to contend with . I do not need aggravation from you . bb ( still try to get up ; wiping he face ) nobody do this to I and life ! nobody ! tilley ( throw a egg ) how do ya like you egg ? over easy ? ( pick up a tomato ) side of tomato ? he throw a tomato . bb you be go to rue the day you run into my car . this be not the end ... this be just the beginning . tilley throw another egg . CUT to : 106 . 116 int . police station - night 116 a police officer be interrogate tilley behind the main desk of the police station . there 's a lot of activity during this interaction ... people come and go . tilley a guy break into my house and I be be charge with assault ? it make no sense ... police officer ( with pencil and paper ) let 's get it down right . the guy break into you house , you hit he in the head with a gun , go to the refrigerator , take out egg and tomato and throw they at he . tilley I be defend myself ... he be steal from I . police officer it do not sound like defense to I . tilley I want to humiliate the guy . here I be , out busting my ass all day make a decent live , I come home , and some schmuck be try to steal from I . police officer so you hit he with a gun , and pelt he with egg and tomato ? tilley if I have some soup I would have throw soup at he ... be there any law you can not throw egg ? police officer Mr. babowski claim he do not break into you house . tilley what do I do ? invite he in so that I could throw egg at he ? ( continued ) 107 . 116 continued : 116 police officer maybe Mr. babowski intend to break into you house , but this circumstance of the guy be pelt with egg and tomato be something we need to look into . tilley shrug he shoulder . tilley he 's lucky that he do not rob I last week , ' cos then my wife be live at home and we have all kind of thing in the fridge ... I could have throw barley soup , pumpkin pie , candy yam ... yeah , he get off light . CUT to : 117 ext . police station - day 117 tilley and Sam exit the building . second later bb and bagel come out of the police station . both pair of man head for they respective cadillac . bb have egg stain all over he suit . bb ( to bagel ) I can not believe it , the man throw egg at I and now I be gonna have breakfast with he . bagel his partner say maybe the two of you can sit down and come to some kind of settlement . CUT to : 118 int . tilley's car - day 118 tilley be sit in the driver 's seat and Sam be next to he . tilley what be I suppose to say to he ? the man have be a pain in the ass since the day he ram into my car . ( continued ) 108 . 118 continued : 118 SAM just air you difference and we will put a end to this . CUT to : 119 ext . police station - long shot of police station and 119 two cadillacs as they start to pull out of the parking lot . CUT to : 120 int . coffee shop - day 120 tilley , Sam , bb and bagel be sit at a table together look at menus . bb ( look up from he menu ) I tell you what ... I will drop the charge against you , and we can wipe the slate clean . tilley I appreciate it . SAM see how quickly you can clear it up ? tilley but I do not understand how the slate get wipe clean when he break into my house and I be the one charge . bb I tell you , I be not break into you house . I be look for you wife . tilley all right ... all right ... I be too tired ... the slate 's clean ... the slate 's clean . the waitress approach . ( continued ) 109 . 120 continued : 120 waitress what will you have ? tilley couple of egg over , some hash brown , some toast -- toast dark ... butter on the side , large grapefruit juice and some coffee . the waitress write he order . tilley on second think , instead of the egg over , if I order soft boil egg do you take they out of the shell or leave they in the shell ? we can see that bb be get a little irritable . waitress we leave they in the shell . tilley I do not like they that way because they get hot in the hand and it 's hard to scoop the stuff out ... it 's not good ... and you get little bit of shell in there and it do not taste good . bb why do not you just order some scramble egg and be do with it ... all right ? tilley if I be go to order , at least I ought to be content with my food . bb I be get a little hungry ... I have get a headache as it be . just order some egg so some other people can have something to eat before the lunch trade come in . tilley ( look to Sam ) why do I need a guy tell I what I should or should not eat ? ( continued ) 110 . 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 bb this be not a four-star restaurant ... we be not have a gourmet meal ... we be order breakfast , for Christ sake ! tilley it so happen I have not be to this restaurant before . I do not know how they do they egg ... if they be over easy and they be gooey , I be not happy with it ... and I be not happy if the soft boil egg be leave in the shell ... bb ( to waitress , cut tilley off ) can I have some french toast and a cup of coffee ? ( to bagel ) bagel , what do you want ? tilley hey ! I be order here . at least you can have the courtesy to let a man order he breakfast . bb ( to waitress ; ignore tilley ) french toast and a cup of coffee . tilley ( to Sam ) Sam , this guy get on my nerve ... from day one ! I know it then and I know it now . tilley stand up from the table and start to leave . bb I be back to press charge against you ! tilley turn and be face - to- face with bb . tilley you want to play that way ? this game be not over , mister ... it be not over ... ( continued ) 111 . 120 continued : ( 3 ) 120 bb stand up . the waitress step back and look concerned . bb all right , you want to finish it now ? you want to finish it right now ? I be ready ... I be ready now ! tilley you be ready ?! you be ready , that 's what you be say ?! you be ready now ?! I have to be intimidate ... I have to be bring here to be intimidate ... bb I can not stand it any longer . you be drive I out of my mind . bb lunge for tilley across the table , Sam and bagel try to intervene -- the waitress do not know what to do . bagel come on , guy ... take it easy ... take it easy . tilley get the people with the straitjacket ... this man be out of control . tilley and bb pull at one another . bb we be gonna finish it ... we be gonna finish it . bagel and Sam pull they apart . SAM ( to tilley ) come on , let 's get out of here . Sam usher tilley to the door . tilley I be not finish with he , sam. ( to bb ) you hear I ... I be not finish with you , mister . ( continued ) 112 . 120 continued : ( 4 ) 120 he storm out of the coffee shop with Sam . bagel sit back , look relieved . bb compose himself . the waitress nervously stand by . bb ( to waitress ) so , I be have french toast and coffee . ( to bagel ) bagel ? CUT to : 121 int . hospital - moe' room - day 121 moe be in bed , still hook up to tube . his breathe be deliberate and he seem weak . the camera slowly pan to bb who be sit by moe 's side . bb moe , when you decide to marry May , how do you know ? moe know what ? bb how do ya know ? moe you mean to make up my mind to marry she ? bb yeah . how do ya know ? moe shrug he shoulder as if he do not know . bb ( suddenly angry ) this nora be a pain in the ass , moe ... a pain in the ass . it 's worse now than when she use to be around . moe smile . bb you wanna hear something ? the other night at the corral Club , I turn down a dance . ( continued ) 113 . 121 continued : 121 moe you turn down a dance ? bb what 's the odd on that ? you think you can come up with odd on that one ? moe hundre to one bb do not dance ... a hundred to one against . there 's a beat . moe I be get out of the business , bb ... I have get nothing for all this . bb lot of good time , moe. moe a lot of good time , but I can not live off the good time . ( beat ) you know , my brother - in - law have offer I a job at hess shoe . I think maybe I should do it . you get there in the morning , you come home at night ... you get health benefit ... I get to be assistant manager . bb that 's it , moe ? you be gonna spend the day measure people 's foot ? ' you be a " E " fit ... you be a " D " wide ... you get a high arch ... I will show you something in a alligator ... something with a wing tip ... ' how can you talk about that all day long ? ( beat ) moe , you be the best tin man there ever be . nobody 's a better closer . moe it 's over , bb ... it 's over . ( continued ) 114 . 121 continued : ( 2 ) 121 bb look at moe for a long beat . he 's obviously greatly affect by this . bb so , May 's happy about this hess shoe thing , heh ? moe to say the least . CUT to : 122 int . sam' cadillac - day 122 Sam be drive and tilley be in the passenger seat . SAM you know , when I see ' Bonanza ' the other day , something occur to I . there 's that three guy live on the ponderosa and you never hear they say anything about want to get laid . you never hear hoss turn to Little Joe and say ' I have such a hard - on when I wake up this morning . ' you know ... they never talk about broad ... nothing . ya never hear Little Joe say ' hey , hoss , I go into Virginia City and see a girl with the great ass I ever see in my life . ' ya just see them walk around the ponderosa say , ' yes , pa , ' and ' where 's Little Joe ? ' nothing about broad . I do not think I be be too picky ... at least once if they talk about get horny . I do not care if you be live on the ponderosa or right here in Baltimore , guy talk about get laid . ( beat ) I be beginning to think that show do not have too much realism . what do you think , tilley ? tilley Sam , I can not concentrate on ' Bonanza ' shit ... ( more ) ( continued ) 115 . 122 continued : 122 tilley ( cont 'd ) I have get too much on my brain , what with that asshole and the Home improvement Commission , I do not want to have to worry about whether Little Joe get laid last night . ( beat ) let 's go and eat something . SAM yeah , we will go and have some lunch at the smorgasbord . CUT to : 123 int . thor's smorgasbord restaurant - day 123 tilley and Sam be in line at the buffet . Sam fill up he tray and move off to the cashier . tilley hang behind stare at all the food . he look up to the ceiling . tilley ( very quietly ) God , if you be responsible for all the stuff down here , maybe you get a moment 's attention for I . ( beat ) between the i.r.s. , this Home improvement Commission and Mr. marengay , I get it up to here with this bullshit . to be frank with you , I be in the toilet here . if you can see you way ... a woman with a tray start to approach tilley . tilley turn to she . tilley listen , I be praying here ... go around . woman I want to get some of the salad . tilley it 's out of order ... go around . he signal for she to walk around he . the woman look at he and move down the line . ( continued ) 116 . 123 continued : 123 tilley ( look up to ceiling ) do what you can , all right ? I appreciate it . amen . tilley help himself to some salad . CUT to : 124 int . superior aluminum siding office - day 124 the usual office activity . bb be at a desk . he pick up the phone and dial . bb nora tilley , please . we hear a woman' voice on the other end of the phone . woman ( v.o. ) what department be she with ? bb she 's with Social Security . woman ( v.o. ) which department be Social Security ? bb I dunno ... she 's there somewhere ... yeah , on the third floor ... she 's get a desk towards the back . woman ( v.o. ) just a moment ... check . another angle in the b.g. stanley have go over to a filing cabinet and be start to look through the file . cheese wander over to he . cheese stanley , can I help you look for something ? stanley no , I be just make myself busy . cheese well , I would not do that . bagel do not like nobody look at the file . ( continued ) 117 . 124 continued : 124 back to bb on phone . he 's still hold for nora . we hear a ring on the other end of the phone . nora ( v.o. ) Mrs. tilley . bb nora , this be bb . the phone go dead . bb reluctantly put the receiver down . CUT to : 125 int . tobacco warehouse - day 125 the Home improvement Commission be in session . tilley and Sam sit at the defense table . Masters preside over the commission table where four or five other commis- sioner sit . master ( into microphone to tilley &amp ; Sam ) do not you approach Mr. boloshevski August 18 , 1961 , while he be cut he front lawn and tell he that he house have be select , as one of only 16 home in the state of maryland , for a free aluminum siding job ? tilley what 's the name again ? master boloshevski . tilley do not ring a bell . ( to Sam ) Sam , do it ring a bell to you ? SAM ( lean into microphone ) it do not ring a bell to I either , sir . master do not you suggest that for a nominal labor charge , he would receive over five thousand dollar ' worth of aluminum siding ? ( continued ) 118 . 125 continued : 125 tilley that 's a awful lot for nothing . do not sound like good business to I . master Mr. boloshevski be ultimately charge twenty - four hundred dollar for labor , which accord to we figure be about the average cost of a aluminum siding job . SAM ( lean into the microphone ) I do not get the point of this . master twenty - four hundred dollar that you charge for labor , be the same as if Mr. boloshevski have purchase the aluminum siding and have the labor do . tilley maybe I be miss the point here , but if he pay twenty - four hundred , which be the cost of the job , I can not see anything wrong with that . I do not know the guy , but I do not quite get the problem . master what we be get at here ... what we be try to stress , be that the job be sell under false term . the man do not win any award ... he be not get aluminum siding at a special price . a clear case of deception be involved here . tilley ( to Sam ) what 's he talk about ? the man get the job for twenty - four hundred dollar , and that 's what it cost in aluminum siding . ( more ) ( continued ) 119 . 125 continued : ( 2 ) 125 tilley ( cont 'd ) ( lean into microphone ) um ... I do not know ... we have no recollection of this particular job , but I do not know if this be deception . look , if you work in a clothing store , some guy try on a suit , it look like shit , but you tell he it look wonderful . the guy 's stand there look like a sack of shit , the salesman say what a great suit and the man busy it . that 's deception as far as I can see , but I do not understand the deceptiveness that you say we be responsible for ... if I make myself clear . SAM ( lean into the microphone ) I would go along with that as well . master what we be try to establish be the principle that have be laid down as part of the Home improvement code of ethic ... that you cannot mislead someone intentionally , and I think that 's the principle that apply to this . tilley do somebody put a gun to this guy 's head and make he spend twenty - four hundred dollar ? I do not get the point here . I do not know the specifics of this case , not be privy to all the information , but all I can say be this guy get a fair price for a fair job . another commissioner , bud delaney , take the microphone . delaney ( to tilley ) do you know Mr. and Mrs. rayburn of 156 Aberdeen Avenue , Essex ? ( continued ) 120 . 125 continued : ( 3 ) 125 tilley ( look to Sam and shrug he shoulder ; then into mike ) I think you would have to familiarize I . delaney the couple purchase twenty - eight hundred dollar ' worth of aluminum siding and the two of you be the salesmen on record . they say , and I quote here , ' that they would have receive one hundred and fifty dollar per home for every person in the neighborhood who see they house and decide to buy aluminum siding . ' ( look up from paper ) be that true ? tilley it sound right . delaney be you aware that , accord to the Home improvement code , you be not allow to exceed a twenty dollar limit in incentive ? tilley ( shrug he shoulder ) we want to be a little more generous , that 's all . delaney the couple say that they never do receive any money from any other job , as you have promise . SAM ( lean into microphone ) we do not get any lead from they . they house be not the showplace that we think it would be . it do not generate the activity that we have hope . ( continued ) 121 . 125 continued : ( 4 ) 125 tilley ( interrupt ) but should a referral turn up in the community , we would be more than happy to give they twenty dollar instead of the hundred and fifty . master ( lean into microphone ) Excuse we for one moment . he then lean over to delaney , and they start to confer . tilley and Sam watch , wonder what 's go on . Masters lean in the other direction , hold he hand over the microphone , and he talk to the other commissioner . they nod in approval , then Masters lean back into the microphone . master thank you very much , gentleman . should there be a reason in the future to call you back , we would like to reserve that right . tilley ( lean into microphone ) glad we could be of some service . tilley and Sam get up from the table and walk out of the building . CUT to : 126 ext . tobacco warehouse - day 126 tilley and Sam be walk toward tilley 's car . tilley ( rub he hand , gleefully ) we beat them , Sam ... we beat them ! what a piece of cake ! no problem ! they be not get nothing on we ... clean as a whistle ... we be clean as a whistle ! SAM I need a drink . I hate inquisition . CUT to : 122 . 127 ext . social security office - night 127 heavy rain be fall . nora , with a umbrella , walk quickly across the parking lot . suddenly bb slip under the umbrella with she . nora ( reacting sharply ) I do not want to see you anymore . she pull away from bb and continue walk . bb walk behind she , get soak in the rain . bb I gotta talk to you . nora I do not want to listen . bb give I a chance to explain . you owe I that much . nora still walk toward she car in the downpour . nora I do not owe you anything . bb let she walk away . after a beat , he yell out . bb it be a lousy thing to do , okay ? it be a lousy thing to use you to get back at you husband ... but the fact be that I never would have meet you otherwise . nora stop and turn to look at bb . bb ( more quietly ) it be lousy ... it be a disgusting , terrible thing ... but a lot of good come out of it . nora what kind of a person would come up with such a devious thing ? bb I be not always a nice guy , I admit that . I get a lot of training in deceit ... it 's a occupational hazard . they stand look at one another in the rain . ( continued ) 123 . 127 continued : 127 nora I would like to know what it be about I that I have to fall for tin man . what kind of character flaw do I have ? bb I do not want to have to come here . I wish that I do not have to ever see you again . I have go this far in my life without have to have this kind of thing happen to I . I be go through life , sailing along , pretty good ... do okay , and I try to get even with some crazy guy ... and I be here . nora the wet become you . get rid of some of the slickness . bb I do not like the idea that I be not in control of this , but if this stuff 's get to happen , I guess I have get no choice . I wanna ... ya know ... ( he get angry ) ... I wanna be with ya ! okay , I say that ... I say it , okay ?! I wanna be with ya ! it piss the hell out of I , and I be gonna tell you that to you face , but I want to be with you because ... I miss you and I would like to live with you ... I would like to marry you ... and that 's that ! nora eye he carefully . the rain fall on she umbrella and the rain beat on bb 's head . after a long moment . nora I be hope for something a little more romantic ... but , okay . a slight smile come to bb 's face . CUT to : 124 . 128 int . pimlico HOTEL - bar / restaurant - night 128 tilley and Sam be sit at the bar nursing a couple of drink . in the b.g. , the pianist be play " last night when we be Young , " and a few people be sit around the piano join in with the song . SAM ya know , tilley , we be work together for over a year . tilley yeah , must be about that . SAM I have be think that sometimes a different combination make for better luck . ya know what I mean ? I mean , maybe the two of we be not the right combination . tilley I be just get use to ya , Sam . SAM let 's face it , we be not exactly set the world on fire . tilley it 's a slump ... it 's a slump , Sam . SAM maybe it 's a slump , but like baseball , some time they have to change the lineup to get the team go again . tilley you be not serious about this , be you , Sam ? SAM yeah . tilley you be serious ? you wanna get another partner ? you do not think I be gonna pull out of this ? SAM I know you be gonna ... I know you be gonna . tilley so ? ( continued ) 125 . 128 continued : 128 SAM look , we beat the Commission today ... you know , we get a little bit of a victory . we split right now and maybe we can add to that ... you know what I be say ? tilley I know ... I know . Change in the lineup . okay , maybe it will help ... maybe it will help . ( he drink he whiskey ) you get any idea for a new partner ? SAM well , I have a conversation with solly shavitz , so ... maybe I will go with he . ( beat ) mouse be gonna need a new partner because Dennis be go into use car . tilley mouse ! mouse ! he get on my nerve ... he eat too much . ( beat ; he hold up he whiskey glass ) here 's to some pretty good time , huh ? Sam smile . CUT to : 129 int . corral club - night 129 looney , look tan , sit with stanley at the bar . bb and nora be dance in the b.g. looney I do not get it ... the broad smashes into he car and he take she dance . some kind of dating ritual that I be not familiar with . stanley bb 's a pretty good tin man , huh ? ( continued ) 126 . 129 continued : 129 looney pretty good ? whew ! man 's what legend be make of . start sell pot and pan door to door at sixteen . nothing he can not sell . angle on bb and nora the song end and bb walk nora back to the table they be sit at . bb you be gonna come back and stay the night ? nora I dunno ... all my thing be back at nellie 's -- the other side of town . ( beat ) I know what I could do , I will go back to the house ... there 's still a few thing I leave behind ... at least I can get a change of clothes . they both sit down . bb look at nora . bb I be glad this be work out . nora you really happy ? bb yeah . nora you do not really show a great deal of exuberance . bb honey , for I ... I be a parade . CUT to : 130 ext . STREET - tilley's house - tight shot of hand - 130 night rattling a special padlock . pull back to reveal tilley at he front door , try to get in . ( continued ) 127 . 130 continued : 130 camera pan to see nora 's car pull up in front of the house . nora turn off the car light and exit the car . she start up the front walk and stop . nora what happen ? tilley the i.r.s ... they need my furniture . they get some live room somewhere in this country that need to be furnish . nora they be take the furniture ? tilley the furniture , the whole house . they lock it up ... they confiscate it . nora ( yell up to he on the porch ) what do you expect ? you expect to get some preferential treatment ... you be some special case ? you have get to pay you tax just like everybody else have to pay they tax ! tilley shrug . nora how many argument do we use to have about filing you tax ? tilley we have a lot of argument . nora start toward he . tilley sit on the step . nora ( as she sit beside he ) there 's a responsibility that you have get to have . it 's a long way from high school , tilley . tilley I be do pretty good there for a while ... do pretty good . have my house , have a wife , a cadillac ... I still get my cadillac . ( continued ) 128 . 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 nora where be you gonna sleep ? tilley I will stay at Sam 's for a couple of day until I get set up . ( beat ) what be you do here , anyway ? nora there 's just a couple of thing you do not throw out of the house ... a couple of thing I do not find in the drawer . tilley I do not know ... I do a pretty good house clean number on you . nora listen , about the divorce . do you want to file , or should I file ? tilley I get to be frank with you , this guy be nut . nora he tell I all about it ... all about how you throw egg at he . tilley he tell you it be about egg ? the guy try to break into my house . he try to steal thing from I . nora he be try to find I . we have a argument . tilley I think you would be make a big mistake if you marry he . nora it 's not for you to make decision for I . tilley I think maybe I should , because I think you be be misl ... I think you be confuse . I think ... ( continued ) 129 . 130 continued : ( 3 ) 130 nora ( interrupt he ) I know what I be do . tilley ( interrupt nora ) nora , listen to I . I know about guy ... nora ( cut he off ) I appreciate you concern , but it 's not for you ... tilley ( interrupt she ) but this guy be as bad a choice as you could make . bad choice . nora you be a good one to give advice ... you be sit on the step , lock out of you house because you can not pay you tax , and you be go to give I advice on life ? tilley I be not give you a divorce , and that 's it . I be look out for you welfare . no divorce . nora look at he , start to say something , then stand up and walk down the step of the house toward she car . tilley ( yell to she ) it 's for you own benefit , and you will thank I for it . nora turn toward tilley and suddenly snap . nora my benefit ! you do not give a damn about I ! you do not give a damn who I marry . the reason you do not want I to marry be because he 's the one take you wife , and you have get you own problem with he . ( more ) ( continued ) 130 . 130 continued : ( 4 ) 130 nora ( cont 'd ) you do not care about I ... it 's the same bullshit you be do . that 's what it always be with you , tilley . it 's always you ! the i.r.s. take you house ... you furniture ! you do not say anything about my thing in the house . I have get thing in the house I work damn hard for , and thing that belong to my family ... the headboard that be give to I by aunt josephine , it 's get to be at least a hundred year old ... and the hand -embroider footstool ... tilley what footstool ? nora the hand - embroider footstool over by the tv . tilley I do not remember see that . nora it 's be there forever ... it be my granny 's . tilley it 's be there forever ? I have never see it . nora you have never see it !? you have never see it !? you put you foot on it to watch tv ... the hand - embroider footstool . tilley I do not know what you be talk about . I never put my foot up to watch tv . nora that 's the way you be , tilley , it do not mean anything to you . you do not care if they take it all away . it 's all you , tilley ! that 's the way it 's always be . ( continued ) 131 . 130 continued : ( 5 ) 130 she stand there for a moment , then turn back to she car , get in , slam the door and drive off . tilley stand on the front step with a puzzle look on he face . tilley Hand -embroider footstool ? he walk over to he car , get in and start the engine ... shaking he head in disbelief . CUT to : 131 ext . superior aluminum build - night 131 bb drive up to the building in he cadillac , the pas - senger door open and stanley get out . stanley thanks for the lift back , bb . see ya around . bb ( o.s. ) okay , stanley . stanley close the car door and bb drive off . stanley watch bb 's car turn the bend , and then he go toward the office door . CUT to : 132 int . superior aluminum office - night 132 stanley be stand at the filing cabinet go through file . he take some file and put they to one side . then , satisfied that he 's get everything he need , he pick up the file and turn to leave . bb be stand at the door watch he . bb you know something , stanley , I can always smell a guy who 's not make of tin . he walk over to stanley . bb it 's against the law to steal file . I could call and have you arrest and send to jail , right now . ( continued ) 132 . 132 continued : 132 stanley I will put everything back , nobody 's the wiser . bb you work for the Commission , be that it ? Stan nod " yes . " bb do not the Commission have enough information ? they get to send out guy like you to spy ? stanley well , we just start out , and if we have some really good hard fact of some infraction , it would give we a lot of credibility in the community . bb walk closer to stanley , look at he for a second , grab he by he tie and push he backwards . stanley crash into the filing cabinet . bb you know what you big problem be , stanley ? you be lazy . if you want to find out stuff , then you dig ... you get on the phone ... you canvas ... ' we be from the Home improvement Commission ... ' go find you lead ... that 's what we do all the time . you be just lazy , stanley . if we be do something wrong , you should collect all you evidence . instead , you snoop around ... steal file . what be this ? undercover time ? you think you be break up some big drug ring ? be this the mafia you have infiltrate ? all you have get here be a bunch of guy sell tin for Christ sake ! ( beat ) you want some file ? he walk over to the filing cabinet , flip through some file and pull out three file . stanley have get up from the floor . bb throw the file down on the desk . ( continued ) 133 . 132 continued : ( 2 ) 132 bb here ... here 's some job I do . leave moe out of this ... he quit the business . stanley gather up the file from the desk . bb go on , get out of here . stanley start for the door , and turn back . stanley why be you do this ? bb if it 's not gonna be you , it 's gonna be somebody else ... and if it 's not tonight , it 's gonna be another time . stanley exit the office . bb pick up the file that stanley have take out of the filing cabinet , and start to put they back . then he slam the filing drawer close very hard . CUT to : 133 int . bb's house - bedroom - night 133 bb and nora be in bed together . nora maybe if I talk to he another day he will change he mind . I mean , he 's like that ... one day , he 's this way and another day he 's that way . bb you do not need to talk to he . nora I mean , he 's probably , you know , upset about the i.r.s. take the house and all we stuff . after a beat . bb ever see a volkswagen ? ( continued ) 134 . 133 continued : 133 nora what ? bb you know , that little volkswagen . nora what do that mean ? bb it 's a car ... a little car . nora what do that have to do with anything ? bb I dunno ... they be interesting . nora what ? bb it 's interesting . nora what 's so interesting about a car ? bb I dunno . it 's a little thing ... you know , a little thing . guy tell I they do not even have radiator ... they be air-cool . nora yeah ? bb it 's interesting ... different ... something new . I like it . CUT to : 134 int . gibraltar aluminum siding office in pool hall 134 wing be stand up at the blackboard chalking out schedule and sale . tilley stand back and look at the board , see he name up with mouse . ( continued ) 135 . 134 continued : 134 tilley ( to wing ) tilley and mouse . it look weird , do not it ? look very weird . wing let 's hope you have some better luck with mouse . CUT to : 135 int . pool hall 135 the pool hall be fairly unlit , except for the slight shaft of light fall over several table . gil be play - ing pool with another tin man . mouse , Sam , and three or four other tin man be play pool . angle on stair to pool hall bb come down the stair into the pool hall . angle on gil he stop play pool . gil ( under he breath ) Mr. marengay . he go over to the office door , open it and yell to tilley . gil hey , tilley ... Mr. marengay 's out here . tilley come out of the office and stand look at bb . bb can I talk to you in private , or do I have to talk to you over fourteen pool table ? tilley move down the hall toward bb . ( continued ) 136 . 135 continued : 135 bb we have get enough that 's go down between the two of we , but the fact of the matter be that I love you wife , and I want to marry she . tilley I do not care who she marries , but I do not want she marrying you ! bb why do not we just talk about this in a nice , rational manner . tilley rational ? you be go to be rational ? bb we have get we problem , but let 's try and isolate this particular situation . tilley isolate ... isolate ... I like this kind of talk . what the hell nonsense be that ? bb what be you gonna gain from this thing here ? tilley now let I see here ... I have get to isolate that for a moment and think it over . bb nobody 's go to benefit from make I mad . tilley you ought to hear yourself . you know that ? you ought to listen to the way you talk . you come in here , you want to take my wife ... you want to isolate this situation ... you want to be rational . I have get no tolerance for you , mister . you know what I be say ? ( continued ) 137 . 135 continued : ( 2 ) 135 bb what you be say be you do not want to discuss this , be I right ? tilley ( after a beat ) you like pool ? the other tin man move closer to tilley and bb , crowd in . bb I enjoy the game . tilley why do not we play a little game of eight ball ? if I lose , I consent to the divorce ... if you lose , you give nora up ... walk away from she . bb stare at tilley ; tilley eye bb. bb ( quietly ) Rack them . hard CUT to : tight shot of cue ball hit the ball on the break . a seven ball drop into the pocket . camera pan to bb who have a smile on he face at the successful break he just make . he quickly move around the table , line up a shot and sink the ball . tilley look a little concerned . bb move around the table quickly , confidently . he line up another shot . he carefully stroke the pool cue between he finger , hit the ball , and sink the shot . he move around the table -- he have a particularly complicated shot . bb combination ... side pocket . the tin man react . bb hit the ball and sink it . bb that 's four . ( continued ) 138 . 135 continued : ( 3 ) 135 he quickly survey the table and see he next shot . he hit the ball , it go toward the pocket , but bounce back slightly , miss the pocket . tilley quickly go to work . he sink he first shot ... he second . he make a difficult shot . tilley yes , sir ! yes , sir ! tilley keep move around the table , sink one ball after the other . he 's enthusiastic , excited and confi - dent . he sink another ball , and another . he sink every ball , then he eye the eight ball for the coup de grace . bb ( try to shake tilley ) you make this one here , and you win . tilley do not I know it ... do not I know it ! he shoot . the eight ball head for the pocket and do not make it . it hang up on the feel about two foot from the pocket . bb bad break . bb quickly go to work ... sink every one of he ball . he eye the eight ball carefully . tilley 's nervous . a couple of the tin man make private side bet whether the ball go or do not . bb line up the shot ; he shoot , and it miss , hang up on the lip of the pocket . tilley tough break . tilley quickly move and sink the eight ball . tilley you lose . bb yeah ... that put a end to one of we difference . now , concern you ... tilley yeah ? ( continued ) 139 . 135 continued : ( 4 ) 135 bb I be gonna beat the crap out of you . you want it here or do you want it outside ? tilley outside . bb turn he back on tilley to move toward the door . tilley swing with all he might and hit bb in the back of the head . bb almost fall to the ground . tilley go to hit he again . bb hit he in the face , knock he back . tilley fall back ... bb start to move toward he . the tin man move in . tilley stay out of this ... this be between the two of we . bb get to he foot ... the two guy eye one another , move . bb quickly move with incredible cat-like speed with four hit into the stomach , really fast , and one hit to tilley 's head . tilley fall into the rack of pool cue , they all fall to the ground . bb go to jump on tilley . he slip on one of the pool cue and fall to the ground . angle on door to office wing be stand watch the fight . he look disgust ... shake he head . back to tilley and bb tilley move toward bb . bb hit he hard in the stomach again . tilley keep come at bb . he ram he and knock he to the ground . tilley push bb 's head onto the ground , try to hit it against the floor . bb get a hand free and hit tilley hard in the side of the head . the tin man have see enough and jump in and pull tilley and bb apart . ad lib : " that 's enough , you guy " ... " come on , break it up . " bb and tilley stand up . bb brushes he suit down with he hand . bb I think we business be finish . tilley just stand watch bb . bb walk up the step of the pool hall and exit . CUT to : 140 . 136 ext . industrial estate area - day 136 bb drive up to the front of the Superior aluminum siding building . he stop the car and get out . he be fairly dishevel and have a bruise on he cheek . he walk up to the entrance of the building . CUT to : 137 int . superior aluminum siding office - day 137 Three or four girl be on the phone canvass for sale . girl # 1 ... improve the insulation ... girl # 2 ... we will have a representative in you area ... Carly , cheese and looney be sit around a desk drink - ing coffee . looney ... Danny 's a example of that . Danny go into a bar , chick line up and down the bar . walk up to one and say , ' honey , would you like to fuck ? ' she would slap he in the face . he would move down to the next girl , say the same thing ... she would slap he . then he would just keep move down , go from one girl to the other . Fifteen , maybe sixteen girl would tell he to get lose ... to get the hell out of there ... bb enter , say " hi " to the Girls , move to get a coffee . looney ... call he name ... but he do not take it personal , you see ... he keep go , and then the next girl smile . he say , ' why do not you buy I a drink ' ... he score . every time . he go through a lot of girl , take a lot of slap in the face , but he never take it personally ... bb move over to the guy . ( continued ) 141 . 137 continued : 137 looney ... and he always get what he want . looney look up and see bb 's face . looney hey , beeb . what happen to you ? that broad beat the shit out of you ? bb smile . looney I think you must enjoy this masochistic relationship . smash you car ... punch you in the face ... bagel walk out of he office and across to nick , a tin man sit at a desk across from looney . he hand Nick a file . looney ( to bagel ) bagel , you ought to get a load of this broad beeb 's mess with . bagel ( look over to bb ) look a little too romantic for I . he walk back to he office . cheese you know who 's no longer marry to who ? carly well , we ought to know . there 's like a million fuck people live in Baltimore . how many guess do we get ? ( note : the follow action and dialogue will run concurrently . ) ( continued ) 142 . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 cheese a man come into the it 's not that hard if you office from outside . think about it . he 's carry a envelope . he approach Nick , who be looney close to the door . Ruby and joe. man cheese I have a certified letter no , but they be friend here for William babowski . of they . nick looney ( point to bb ) Friends of they ... the guy over there . carly the man approach bb who Ed and ethel ? be stand back from the group a little . cheese Ed and ethel be not that man friendly with Ruby and joe. William babowski ? carly bb what be you talk about ? yeah . I go to a party , not two week ago at Ed and ethel 's , man and they invite Ruby and I have a certified letter Joe over . for you . cheese bb take the letter . it do not mean they be friendly because they be man invite to a party . they're ( hand bb a piece friendly , but not that of paper ) friendly . couple I be would you please sign . think about be very , very tight with Ruby and bb pick up a pen and joe. sign the paper . looney man do we have any money bet thank you . on this , because otherwise we could be think and he turn and exit the not gain anything from office . bb look at the this discussion . envelope , open it and pull out a summon . he carly read it : " you be Frank and vivien ? summon to appear before the Home improvement looney Commission at 9:30 a.m. Frank and vivien break up ? on Wednesday , April 6 , 1963 . " ( continued ) 143 . 137 continued : ( 3 ) 137 carly bb smile and walk over I do not know ... I be just to bagel who be stand make name up for Christ outside of he office sake . look through some file . bb hand he the summon -- cheese bagel look at it . they do break up , but that 's not who I be bagel think about . Jesus Christ ! I think you should take some looney legal counsel , double B. I would like to call on vivien ... she 's one hot bb broad . not necessary . carly bagel then why do not you call better to err on the safe she ? side . looney bb I stand she up in high I would rather handle it school ... she 's hate I myself . for nearly fifteen year . bagel cheese want I to find out what you stand up vivien they have get against you ? Marshall ? be you a I know a clerk down there . idiot ! what a idiot . for a price I could get the inside scoop . this looney guy be just fishing I stand she up for denise , right now . who happen to have be my wife . so , yes , I be bb just shake he head a idiot . if I know then " no . " bagel look at what I know now ... he . carly bagel what be you ex - wife 's you okay , double b? maiden name ? bb looney yeah ... yeah . Essex . bagel carly because ever since moe denise Essex . do she have go down you seem a a sister name wilma ? little off you feed to I . looney yeah . bb thanks for the concern , carly bagel , but I will be all you be kid I . right . ( continued ) 144 . 137 continued : ( 4 ) 137 cheese bb put the summon into what do this have to do he breast pocket and with the couple who break exit the office . up ? carly we will get to that once we have discuss wilma ... they will still be break up ... we will get to that in a minute . looney how do you know wilma ? CUT to : 138 ext . pimlico bar / restaurant - night 138 tilley drive into the parking lot of the pimlico -- he head for a dark corner of the lot where about eight car be park . as he 's about to park he car , he see wing talk to Masters in the car next to he . tilley 's a bit confuse , stay in he car watch they . after a couple of beat , wing get out of the car and head for the pimlico . Masters drive off . tilley get out of he car and catch up to wing . tilley hey , wing , be not that the putz from the Commission ? point to car drive out of parking lot . wing Masters ? yeah . tilley what the hell 's he do hang around here ? wing he want information . tilley I nail he ass the other day , wing . can not lay a finger on I . I be amazing , you should have be there . I be amazing ... I be respectful , courteous , but I be slip and slide ... they could not touch I . ( continued ) 145 . 138 continued : 138 wing I get a real problem , tilley . come inside , I will buy you a drink . CUT to : 139 int . pimlico bar - night 139 tilley and wing be sit at a table . the pianist be play , and people be sit around the piano join in with the song . tilley you be gonna sell I out to the Commission ? wing , be I hearing this right ? wing I be up front with you about this ... I be up front with ya , tilley . I have get my ball in a vice ... what be I gonna do ? tilley be this about the money I owe you ? be you just piss ? you want to get even because of the horse race ? I tell ya it be a accident . wing tilley , it 's get nothing to do with the money . tilley you be sell I out ? you be gonna let they bury I ? Jesus Christ , wing ... Jesus Christ ! I be not gonna be able to work in this business ? wing , this be my choose field ! wing Masters be gonna take this company apart . you be the low man on the totem pole , tilley . there 's a lot of guy earning a good live ... no sense for it all to go up in smoke . you understand , do not you , tilley ? it 's just business . ( continued ) 146 . 139 continued : 139 tilley Jesus Christ ! wing listen , tilley , you owe I sixteen plus from the race , and you be in for over two grand on the book , so I tell you what ... I will wipe the slate clean . he take out he wallet from he pocket , and peel off a few note . wing here 's a thou until you get yourself set up . I can do no better than that . tilley ( look at the money ) you would sell I out for a lousy three thousand dollar ? Three thousand dollar and I get to go down the toilet ? Jesus Christ , wing , how long the two of we be busting we ass together ... Jesus Christ ! we get some history to this relationship for Christ sake . Masters put a little squeeze on you , you just sell out . Three thousand dollar ?! wing the bottom line be , I be run a business , tilley . ( he peel off another couple of hundred dollar from he wallet ) here 's another deuce . I carry you a long time , tilley . I have do a damn sight more than a lot of other guy would have do for you ... and I do not see no gratitude from you . he get up to leave . ( continued ) 147 . 139 continued : ( 2 ) 139 wing you can finish up whenever you like . ( throw a few dollar on the table ) I be sorry , tilley . that 's the way of the world . he pat tilley on the back and walk away . CUT to : 140 ext . vacant parking lot - night 140 tilley 's cadillac drive into the lot which overlook the harbor . we see the harbor city light surround the lot . CUT to : 141 int . tilley's cadillac - night 141 the radio be play . tilley stop the car , turn off the light , but leave the radio play . he lean in - to the back of the car and take a pillow off the back seat . he prop the cushion up against the passenger side , and lie down , look up to the roof of the car . CUT to : 142 ext . cadillac in parking lot - long shot - night 142 of the car sit in the desert lot . fade to black . fade up on : 143 int . bb's apartment - kitchen - egg - day 143 be fry in a fry pan on a stove . nora ( o.s. ) ( yell ) Bill ! better hurry up , everything 's ready . ( continued ) 148 . 143 continued : 143 another angle egg be slip onto a plate with some bacon and hash brown . another angle bb come into the kitchen of he apartment . he be tie he tie . widen shot to include nora . nora I can not believe that you be up so early . this be a rare occasion . bb yeah . I just get some business downtown I gotta take care of . he stand there watch nora as she prepare the plate of food . nora toast will be ready in a second . coffee 's on the table . he continue to stand watch she -- she 's not aware that he 's watch she . she wait for the toast to pop up out of the toaster . bb listen , nora . I ... um ... I ... er ... lie to you the other day . nora be still wait for the toast , look inside the toaster to see if it 's get brown . nora how so ? bb I go to see tilley about the divorce . she turn to look at he . bb he be not too agreeable , and one thing lead to another , and we decide to shoot some pool to settle the matter . nora what ?! ( continued ) 149 . 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 the toast pop up -- she ignore it . bb we play pool . if I win he would give you up , if I lose I would give you up . nora you play pool for I ? bb nora , I have no choice . nora it 's the most despicable thing I have ever hear in my life . I mean , it 's disgusting ... guy shoot pool to determine my future . bb nora , I have no choice ! ( beat ) Hand I the toast . nora get the toast yourself . bb take the toast out of the toaster . bb I be just try to be honest . it 's be on my mind ... on my conscience . he pick up a plate . bb this plate yours or mine ? nora why do not you take both ... maybe you can choke to death on one of they . bb take one of the plate and go toward the table . nora watch he a beat , amaze that he do not seem to recognize the seriousness of the situation . ( continued ) 150 . 143 continued : ( 3 ) 143 nora ( angry ) how can you be so ... how can you not understand how wrong that be ? I can not understand that mentality ! shoot pool for I ! it 's insane . bb dip he toast into he egg . bb tilley be not the most rational man in this world . I try to talk to he ... he would not listen . so , what be my option ? you know what I be say ? what be my option ? nora I can not believe you have to shoot pool ! do not you understand that ... do not you understand how crazy that be ? you be sit there ... you be eat you egg as if it 's normal business in life here ! like feudal lord or something you use to read about in history book . bb all right , I be sorry . beat . nora what happen ? bb I lose . he dip more toast into he egg and eat . nora you lose ? bb I blow the eight ball . nora you lose ? bb yeah . ( continued ) 151 . 143 continued : ( 4 ) 143 nora what do that mean ? bb it mean I be suppose to give you up , and I be never suppose to see you again . nora will you stop eat the egg for a minute ! how can you tell I thing like this and casually eat you egg ?! what do this mean , Bill ? bb well , I be suppose to give you up as part of honore that agreement , but I be not that honorable a guy . he smile , take a quick sip of he coffee . bb I gotta go . nora why be you run off so fast here ? bb I tell you , I get some business downtown . he give she a kiss . start to go , turn back , give she another kiss , more passionate this time . bb I will see you later . he go down the hall to walk out the front door . 144 ext . bb's apartment - front door - day 144 nora walk behind he , stand and watch he go out the door and down the front step . he get into he car and drive off . nora stand at the door watch the car drive away . CUT to : 152 . 145 ext . downtown STREET - day 145 tilley pull he cadillac into a parking space just a little up the street from the tobacco warehouse which house the Home improvement Commission . he get out of he car , lock the door and start down the street . bb 's car drive past tilley . camera follows bb 's car as he pull into a parking space close to the Commission building . CUT to : 146 int . tobacco warehouse - day 146 corridor off the main hearing room . the hearing be not yet in session . tilley sit on a bench against a wall . he glance up , he eye drop and then he look across camera . camera pan to the opposite side of the corri - dor where bb sit on another bench against a wall . bb glance off at tilley and then drop he eye . camera pan back to tilley . a few beat go by . both man be uncomfortable with one another 's presence . tilley ( finally , to bb ) you gotta testify , huh ? bb you ? tilley yeah . bb you get a lawyer ? tilley Nah . I already testify once . I beat them before , I will beat them again . ( beat ) you get a high - priced mouthpiece to speak for ya ? bb I do not need one . I do not expect to win . tilley how so ? bb I give they some pretty incriminate evidence . ( continued ) 153 . 146 continued : 146 tilley you give they evidence ? bb the only way I could think to get out of this business . he smile . tilley ( point , laugh ) hey , that 's good ... that 's good , yeah . there 's activity in the hallway . voice ( o.s. ) the hearing for the Home improvement Commission be now in session . tilley stand . tilley ( to bb ) so ... how 's nora ? bb she 's doin ' all right . a man come out of the hearing room . man Ernest tilley ? tilley yeah ... here . ( turn to bb ) take good care of she . CUT to : 147 int . tobacco warehouse - long shot of hearing room - day 147 of the Home improvement Commission . five or six commissioner be behind a long table , lead by John Masters , there be a gallery of observer , and tilley sit at the defense table across from the commissioner . master ( into microphone ) be you aware that that 's a violation of section 258 and 261 ? ( continued ) 154 . 147 continued : 147 tilley I be not aware of the section number . sometimes you get a little overzealous in the heat of the sale pitch , that 's all . bb be watch the proceedings . camera hold on he . master ( o.s. ) be it the heat of the sale pitch on February 23rd of this year that make you write across a contract ' this job be free ' ? on tilley who be fall apart . tilley as I remember , no sale be make concern that customer . master it fall out because a loan could not be arrange , but the people do agree in principle . ( beat ) the point that we would like to stress , be that you misl this people . told they the job be free . then you send in you closer with some cover story about how you have suffer a nervous breakdown , and a sale be ultimately make for twenty - three hundred and seventy - seven dollar . that be misleading and deceptive sale practice . tilley it be temporary insanity . I do not know ... it just come over I ... it might have be something I eat . I do not know ... it be crazy , I be the first to admit it be a crazy thing to do . believe I ... ( continued ) 155 . 147 continued : ( 2 ) 147 master ( cut he off ) we have other specific example of deceptive sale practice on you behalf concern a job carry out on December 11 , 1962 . you violate section 241 and 247 . and concern a job sell to Mr. and Mrs. defranco on October 9 , 1962 , violation of section 251 and 257 take place . tilley what be all this number here ? I be not familiar with all this section violation . on bb who be watch the proceedings intently . master ( o.s. ) it be the feel of this commission that this infraction be severe violation of the Home improvement law , and therefore constitute misuse of the license to sell aluminum siding as approve by this state . camera on master master it be the decision of this commission to revoke you license to sell aluminum siding ... camera on tilley he 's not very happy . master ( o.s. ) ... which will prohibit you from practice in the state of maryland . tilley be you sure ? maybe the guy want to think this over . ( continued ) 156 . 147 continued : ( 3 ) 147 back to master master thank you , Mr. tilley . you may hand over you license to the clerk of the commission on you way out . tilley get up from the table and go to the back of the room to exit the building . he stop at a desk just inside the door where the clerk be sit . tilley pull out he wallet , take out a small document , and throw it down on the desk . he exit the building . CUT to : 148 int . tobacco warehouse - day 148 same as before , except now we see stanley enter and sit amongst the observer . angle on master master will Mr. William babowski please come forward . bb walk over to the defense table and sit down . master you have the right to have a lawyer present if you so wish . bb I do not wish . CUT to : 149 ext . tobacco warehouse - day 149 tilley walk down the street toward he car . suddenly he realize that there 's a empty space and he car be go . tilley 's a little confuse , think that perhaps he park elsewhere . a young black kid walk up to tilley . ( continued ) 157 . 149 continued : 149 kid do you have a car park here ? a cadillac ? tilley yeah . what about it ? kid a man tell I to say they take it . tilley who take it ? kid man say , the tax man . gave I a dollar to tell you so . tilley walk over and stand in the empty space where he car have be . tilley tax man ! Fucking i.r.s . how low can you get ? how low can you get ? he walk around in the space as if somehow he car might reappear . he mumble to himself . tilley they be lowlife . how can people come and take a man 's car ?... his cadillac ? CUT to : 150 int . tobacco warehouse - day 150 the hearing be continue with bb at the defense table , and stanley watch . master I think with the number of violation on you record , Mr. babowski , this commission have no recourse but to revoke you state license . camera on stanley master ( o.s. ) would you please drop off you license with the clerk of the commission on you way out . ( continued ) 158 . 150 continued : 150 bb bb ( lean into the microphone ) thank you . bb get up and walk to the back of the room . he stop at the same desk as tilley , but instead of go into he wallet like tilley , he just reach into he suit pocket , pull out a license document and toss it onto the table . then he head out the door . CUT to : 151 ext . tobacco warehouse - day 151 bb walk down the street , make for he car . he see tilley still stand in the vacant parking space . tilley see bb. bb stop . bb sorry about you license . tilley yeah . you in there ? bb yeah . they get my license as well . tilley sorry to hear it . bb what be you do stand there ? tilley this be where my car use to be . bb stolen ? tilley i.r.s. Fucking bandit ! bandit ! thieve son of bitch ! bb look at tilley for a beat . bb you need a ride uptown ? tilley I could use one . ( continued ) 159 . 151 continued : 151 bb come on . they cross the street and go toward bb 's cadillac . bb get in the driver 's side , tilley get in the passenger side , and the car pull out . CUT to : 152 int . bb's cadillac - day 152 bb 's drive and tilley 's in the passenger seat . tilley some bullshit commission , huh ? ( beat ) tell I , where 's it write it the constitution that say you can not hustle for money ? where 's it write ? it be not like I go into a alley and hit a guy over the head with a brick and steal he money ... not like I break into somebody 's house and steal he stuff . all I be do be sell ... where 's the crime in that ? bb I do not know what the world 's come to . tilley you be tell I . I do not know what the world 's come to . CUT to : 153 int . bb's cadillac - little later 153 bb 's still drive and tilley 's in the passenger seat . bb you know what we big crime be ? we be nickel and dime guy . we be small time hustler . they get we because we be hustling nickel and dime . ( continued ) 160 . 153 continued : 153 tilley nickel and dime . you get a good point there , bb . you be right on the money with that kind of think . bb stop the car at a stop sign . something catch bb 's eye . through the windshield we see a volkswagen " beetle " go from right to leave . angle on bb as he watch the car . bb gotta find a new business to get into . tilley New ? very hard to find something new to get into . bb put he foot on the gas and start to drive . bb maybe ... maybe not . tilley better put on my think cap ... not easy to think of something new . CUT to : 154 ext . STREET - long telephoto shot of CITY - day 154 show stack of house as the cadillac drive away . a macdonald golden arch be be put in place by a crane on the horizon line . it 's almost as if it 's a rainbow across the far side of town , and the cadillac will drive through it . bb ( v.o. ) believe I , we will find something . it 's just a matter of time . tilley ( v.o. ) yeah ... matter of time . beat. ( continued ) 161 . 154 continued : 154 bb ( v.o. ) you know , I hear the new cadillac 's gonna be out in a couple of month . tilley ( v.o. ) you be kid ? bb ( v.o. ) yeah ... they be change the body . I hear it 's a beaut . tilley ( v.o. ) maybe I should put in my order now . bb ( v.o. ) what be you talk about ? you be not get a pot to piss in . tilley ( v.o. ) give I the pot ... I will fill it . fade to black . the end