tinker tailor soldier spy written by Bridget O'Connor &amp ; Peter straughan 1 ext . hungary - budapest - 1973 - day 1 budapest skyline , look towards the parliament building . from here the world look serene , peaceful . then , as we begin to pull back , we hear a faint whine , increase in volume , until it 's the roar of two mig jet fighter , cut across the skyline . the pull back reveal a young boy watch the jet , exclaim excitedly in hungarian . 2 ext . budapest STREET - day 2 laterally tracking down a bustling street , as the jet scream by overhead . pedestrian look up . all except one man who continue walk . this be jim prideaux . across the STREET : more pedestrian . we be not sure who we be suppose to be look at - the short stocky man ? the girl in the mini skirt ? the man in the check jacket ? a car drive beside prideaux accelerate out of the frame . across the street the girl in the mini-skirt peel off into a shop . the stocky man turn and wave to we . but it be not prideaux he 's greeting but another passerby , who walk over , shake hand . now we be leave with prideaux and the magyar in the check shirt , neither pay any attention to each other . just as we be wonder if there be any connection , the two reach a corner and the magyar , pause to cross the road , collide with another passerby . he look over and see prideaux have catch the moment of slight clumsiness and give the smallest of rueful smile . a tiny moment of contact between the two . then both man walk on around the corner , just two stranger head in the same direction ... 3 ext . subway exit - day 3 shoot up the step of the exit to the impose galeria building on the corner ahead . prideaux and the magyar walk up the step , still pay no attention to each other , and head towards ... 4 int . budapest - galeria - day 4 a formerly grand arcade . many of the shop be now close , the one 's that be open do not have much to sell . a cafe occupy the middle space under the high vault ceiling . a jazz rock band rehearse in one of the nearby disus shop , incongruous in the window , music muffle by the glass . customer sit around table play chess , drink coffee , a mother breast - feed , the hum of chatter . the ordinary world . 2 . we find prideaux and the magyar sit at one of the table . magyar ( hungarian , subtitle ) and porkolt . you know porkolt ? jim prideaux ( hungarian , subtitle ) yes , I have have it . magyar it 's very good . better than goulash . but you will not get it in budapest now . jim prideaux why 's that ? magyar all the pig have go to Moscow . he give a sly laugh . prideaux smile , draw on he cigarette , nonchalantly examine the people at the table around they . a waiter arrive , belly bulg out of he grubby shirt , hair plaster to he head . he put two wizen -look sandwich in front of they . prideaux be p.o.v . - a drop of sweat trickle from the waiter 's face , drip onto the table top . the magyar catch Jim look at the droplet and give a wry smile - " nice service . " Jim smile back but a bell have begin to ring inside he . jim prideaux when do I get to meet you friend ? the magyar chew on he sandwich , notice prideaux be ignore he . magyar I will take you to he . not eat ? prideaux push he sandwich across the table , he manner still easy , but he eye flick after the waiter , who stand at the entrance to the coffee shop , argue with another man . he look around the galeria again , look low - check the foot of the other customer ? then raise he gaze , he check the window of the apartment above which look down into the arcade . prideaux be p.o.v . - a old woman stand in the shadow by a window above . she be watch he . catch he gaze she shrink back into the darkness and disappear . 3. prideaux 's expression do not change but he set he coffee cup down and casually stand . the magyar look up in surprise . jim prideaux would you excuse I a moment ? he start to walk towards the exit of the galeria . behind he he chair teeter for a moment , then slowly fall back and land with a crash , send pigeon flutter up to the dome ceiling . the waiter start , turn , see prideaux leave . panic flash across he face , he draw a gun from the back of he belt , aim after prideaux and fire - the shot echoing in the cavernous space . the shot miss , ricocheting off the tile wall and prideaux keep walk , fight down the impulse to run , as behind he , out of focus - a image from a surreal nightmare : the other customer stop what they be do , like actor at the end of a scene , and begin to rise , some draw gun . we hear a muffle voice shouting distantly in Russian . kgb man no fire ! ahead of prideaux more figure appear , block the exit . he look over he shoulder just as another shot ring out - this one catch he above the shoulder blade and send he fly out of frame . from around a corner a tall , over - coat man - kgb - stride towards the scene , still bellow in Russian . kgb man ( cont 'd ) who tell you to fire ? who tell you to fuck fire ? the jazz band have stop play and be stare at the ground , arm at they side , anxious not to see anything . in the top window - the old woman slip back into sight . her p.o.v . - prideaux lie face down in the arcade below . as we watch one of he arm slide out , leave a slick of blood . then he 's still . below - the kgb man have grab the waiter and start to beat he . kgb man ( cont 'd ) Fucking hungarian amateur ! we want he alive ! 4. behind he we can see the breast- feed mother . she 's dead , a bullet hole in the centre of she forehead from the ricochet . the baby continue to suckle on , undisturbed . through the cafe window we can see a man , partly obscure by the crowd in front of we , the only man still seat . he light a cigarette . close on the lighter as he replace it . we can make out a inscription : " to George , from Ann . all my love . " in the galeria the kgb man continue to bellow at the waiter . the baby begin to wail . fade to black . fade in : 4a ext . hq of british intelligence - " the circus " - day 4a a bird 's eye view of the Circus . 4b int . circus - fifth floor - - " mother " office - day 4b a woman , connie sach , a face that 's see it all , lean against a wall , smoking . a middle - age woman , one of the secretary or " mother " walk past , push a trolley of document . she nod at connie mournfully . connie look stricken . the mother walk on into ... 5 int . circus - conference room - day 5 a long conference table . we be look at a elderly man at the head of the table . he 's sit on a rather ornate carve chair - a little like a throne - and he look ill . he be signing document , he signature a simple " C , " scrawle in GREEN ink , aware all eye be on he . a cigarette burn away in a already load ashtray . this be the head of the Circus - know as control . around he be four lieutenant - the inner circle of the intelligence service - percy alleline , toby esterhase , roy bland and bill haydon . beside he , he right -hand man - GEORGE smiley . from the thick and embarrassed atmosphere we might guess we be at the end of a coup , the final ousting of a King . all we hear be the tick of a loud clock and the scratch of the pen . smiley look up to find alleline 's gaze fix on he . alleline quickly look down at he hand . 5 . close on smiley - as he examine the other , gaug the shift of power occur in the room . - Bill haydon - handsome , urbane , frown with tension , pull on he cigarette . - Roy bland - heavy set and moustach , flick a guilty look up at smiley and away . - Toby esterhase - immaculate hair and suit , eye on alleline , watch for a cue , like a dog tell to `stay ' . no - one will look at he . on smiley - realise there be no hope . Control finish , put the pen back in he pocket . he hand the file to the mother who , red -ey , walk with it out of the room . percy alleline ( Scottish accent ) I wish I could have do more , Control . control ( coolly ) you do all you could , percy . ( beat ) well , a man should know when to leave the party . beat . the clock suddenly give a discordant chime as it sound the hour . a hint of bitter amusement on Control 's face , as though he 's be wait for this wrong little note to make he move . he grind he cigarette out . Toby can not wait any longer . toby esterhase what about smiley ? Control look at smiley . his gaze impersonal ... on smiley - the faintest flicker in he eye as he try to prepare himself for the shock of dismissal . control smiley be leave with I . 6 omitted 6 7 int . circus - fifth floor - day 7 pushing Control and smiley as they walk down the corridor . 6 . alleline and the lieutenant be wait for they . a horribly awkward moment . Toby pull open the cage lift door for they , as if to hasten the eviction . haydon look at he with contempt . bill haydon you little prick esterhase . Control sweep past they and the lift , determine to walk every step of the way . smiley follow . 8 int . circus - staircase - day 8 Control and smiley , begin they descent through the rigid hierarchy of the Circus . as we track with they , we see that each floor be its own world . the two man walk past the fourth floor registry - the vast archive of intelligence , staff by researcher . smiley and Control pass down another flight and along the third floor - intelligence officer - head poke out of office , amongst they jerry westerby . down to the second floor - scalphunter - the muscle of the Circus . the boredom of a air- port lounge , a sink sofa and pool -table . the scalphunter watch they go in respectful silence . on down to the first floor typing pool - staff by pretty young society girl - the debs - who watch open -mouthed , as they Chief pass they for the last time . and finally down to ... 9 int . circus - ground -floor lobby - day 9 a ancient doorman - bryant - feel the moment must be mark in some way - leave he sentry box and open the main door for Control . Control acknowledge the salute with a flick of he eye and we push through the door ... 10 ext . circus - roof of the circus - day 10 alleline and bland stand smoking , watch Control and smiley emerge onto the pavement . 11 ext . circus - day 11 control and smiley stand on the street . they stare at each other for a moment . this be goodbye . they shake hand . perhaps there 's a little reserve in Control 's manner , a lack of warmth . from the expression on smiley 's face we see that he be pain by this . 7. Control put he collar up and walk away . smiley stand forlornly as Control disappear into the crowd . title over a montage 12 ext . hampstead pond - autumn day 12 the water of the pond - still , glassy . a man be head break the surface - smiley swim through he retirement . he take a breath and submerges again . Beyond he we see a straggle diagonal line of elderly head , bob through the water . 13 ext . hampstead pond - day 13 smiley dry himself under the tree , pink and raw in the cold fresh air . he smooth he hair down , feel a little less ridiculous . he look over to where a very elderly swimmer be be help into the water - little more than tremble bone . be this he world now ? 14 int . circus - fifth floor - day 14 a mother unload a stack of file from a lift shaft and place they into she wheeled safe . a piece of christmas tinsel be wound along the trolley . we track with she through the hive - like atmosphere of the fifth floor , behind she the conference room - a glimpse of alleline in Control 's chair , surround by he lieutenant - smoke and whiskey - engage in the business of the world . she push on into alleline 's office - load the new file into the large safe there , lock and spin the combination . 15 int . smiley' house - winter day 15 smiley stand fry a egg in he small kitchen . 16 int . smiley' house - day 16 smiley sit eat he solitary lunch , read a volume of grimmelshausen . he turn a page , examine the illustration of a knight and a dragon - hold it at arm length , try to focus on it . 8. 16a int . smiley' house - bedroom - night 16 a smiley lie in the double bed , a conspicuous empty space next to he . he lean over and turn the light out . 17 int . circus - fifth floor - alleline's office - night 17 a hand remove file from the large safe . on a briefcase - as the file - mark top secret - be slip inside . 18 int . circus - fifth floor - evening 18 p.o.v. mystery man ... tracking through the near-empty office . all the drawer of the desk be OPEN . bin on the table . a few mother work late , illuminate by they desk lamp . one of they be apply lipstick , prior to leave . she do not react as we track by . 19 ext . optician - spring day 19 we be look at large blurred letter . a lens be slotted into we frame and the letter leap into bold . smiley be in a chair , be fitte for spectacle . 20 int . optician - day 20 smiley be select frame from a display . he try on a pair , watch by a bored shop assistant , use to the pedantic way of the retire . 21 int . circus - ground -floor lobby - evening 21 tracking with the briefcase as the mystery man walk towards the main entrance . the elderly porter - bryant - nod respectfully . 22 int . london underground - evening 22 a pack train - businessman in bowler hat , long-haire seventies youth - the old and the new bump underneath the city . we track low level until we find we mystery man , the briefcase clutch in he hand . 9 . 23 ext . safe house - evening 23 track with the briefcase as it be carry towards the house ... 24 int . safe house - ground floor - night 24 a elderly lady - mrs mccraig - stand at the sink . through the window she catch a glimpse of the mystery man 's leg pass , the briefcase in he hand as he walk up the step towards the front door . calmly she dry she hand as the doorbell ring and she dog begin to bark furiously . 25 int . safe house - ground floor - night 25 Mrs mccraig open the door and the figure pass she and the bark dog without a word and begin to walk up the stair ... 26 int . smiley' house - drawing room - day 26 smiley add a letter to a pile on the mantelpiece . we see the letter be all address to ann smiley . he straighten up , find himself stare at a painting on the wall - a muddy abstract . 27 int . safe house - meeting room - night 27 the room be almost bare - two chair at a small table on which stand two desk lamp and a camera . the mystery man have cross to the wall by the window and open the grill on a AIR duct . 28 ext . safe house - night 28 from across the street a tall good - look man - polyakov - watch as the open duct spill a star pattern of light out into the night air . he walk towards the house ... 29 int . safe house - meeting room - night 29 the mystery man settles at the table , sorting through the content of the briefcase as , from down below , we hear the sound of the door bell , the dog bark and footstep on the stair . polyakov walk into the room and join the mystery man at the small table . he pick up the camera with a smile . polyakov ( in Russian ) shall we begin ? 10 . end of title 30 ext . lacon be house - early morning 30 light glow in the early morning gloom , a ultra-modern cube of a building sit in rather traditional grounds . this be the unlikely home of Oliver lacon , permanent under - secretary . 30a int . / ext . lacon be house - morning 30 a as we watch a young girl - jackie lacon - appear at the live room window in she night - dress , play with a toy . as we watch she we hear stealthy footstep approach . then a man step into frame , he back to we , watch the girl through the window . he tap on the glass with one hand . Jackie look up , surprised . as we pull back a little we see the man have he other hand behind he back . and in it be a long , bone - handle knife . behind Jackie we see a string bean of a man , oliver lacon , tie he silk dress gown as he cautiously approach the window . on the other side , the intruder stand , smoking . lacon ( through glass ) this be private property . who be you ? he take in the man before he - filthy and bearded , you could mistake he for a tramp . but beneath the grime he 's tan and he eye have a dangerous , feral edge . this be ricki tarr . ricki tarr Minister lacon . he smile . lacon what do you want ? ricki tarr I want to talk to Control . and I want breakfast . 30b omitted 30 B 30c omitted 30 C 11 . 30d omitted 30d 31 omitted 31 32 omitted 32 33 int . circus - scalphunter - day 33 peter guillam walk down a corridor . handsome , boyish , bored . he hear a tring behind he . it 's haydon , one foot up on he pedal , scooter along the corridor . guillam wait for he . he like this man . peter guillam ( of the bike ) have that be clear ? bill haydon I be not bloody chain it outside . mind you , probably no safer in here , with you bunch of cut -throat . they arrive at a half - pane office cubicle . Inside be a very pretty girl , a new deb , be show the rope by a older woman . haydon think I would get a glimpse of the new girl . before bland get to she . he see she yet ? guillam oh yes . down first thing . girl be p.o.v . - ... as haydon and guillam pass , stare in at she , cropped above the waist . haydon appear to be glide supernaturally by . he give a little wave . back on haydon : haydon you may fuck I , belinda , but you still have to call I sir in the morning . guillam grin . haydon glide off , hand raise in farewell as guillam turn into the scalphunter arena . 12 . 34 int . circus - scalphunter - guillam' office - day 34 guillam sit at he desk over a pile of paper - work , slowly fall asleep . bang ! a pool ball thwacks the window , crack it . at the same moment the phone begin to ring . guillam jerk upright , look over at the pool player , too bored to be angry . pool player ( o.s. ) sorry Peter . guillam answer the phone . peter guillam Peter guillam ... he listen to the voice on the other end . after a moment he turn away from he colleague , he former drowsiness abruptly go . 35 ext . london STREET - evening 35 smiley in he new glass , towel roll under he arm , walk down the street . he stop for a moment , feel himself watch . 36 ext . smiley' house - evening 36 smiley on the step to he home , stop , examine the door , remove a wedge from the top of the door frame . 37 int . smiley' house - evening 37 smiley walk into the hallway , stop to pick up post . 38 int . smiley' house - evening 38 smiley place the wedge and the letter on the mantelpiece , where a bundle of letter already sit , address to ann smiley . unopene . 38a int . smiley' house - kitchen - evening 38a smiley fry a egg . there 's a knock at the door . 38b int . / ext . smiley' house - evening 38b smiley open the door to peter guillam . 13 . smiley ( surprise ) hello , Peter . they stare at each other . smiley take in he expression - this be not a social call . smiley ( cont 'd ) have I time to change ? guillam nod , follow smiley into the house . he glance at a painting on the wall - a muddy abstract . he cross to examine it and then notice the bundle of Ann 's unopen letter . 39 int . smiley' house - evening 39 guillam enter the kitchen , note the single place set for dinner . it dawns on he that he really have invade smiley 's privacy . smiley appear in a coat behind he , take in guillam 's awkwardness . he give a thin smile . smiley be we go far ? 39a int . guillam be car - evening 39 a smiley and guillam sit in silence , as guillam drive through London . it 's a citroen DS , all sleek leather and mahogany interior . 40 omitted 40 40a int . lacon be house - evening 40a close up on : a half eat bacon sandwich , sit on a table . we pan up and through the open window see a anxious lacon be lead guillam towards the house . smiley follow , talk to lacon 's daughter . lacon how 's you mother ? peter guillam very well . ( refer to the window ) be this where he get out ? 14 . lacon mmm , I come back in and it be wide open . ( beat ) do send she my love . apology for singling you out , but ... very sensitive matter ... he give a uncomfortable bark of laughter . lacon ( cont 'd ) if one can not trust one 's own nephew ... you know who he be ? peter guillam ricki tarr , sir . one of my scalp - hunter . he 's be on the want list for a year . last job be Istanbul , bit of coat-trail for a Russian convention . lacon why be he on the want list ? peter guillam ( beat ) he kill we man in Istanbul . cut he throat . be on the run since then . if possible , lacon look even more shake . lacon my God . in my own home ... my family ... the bloody animal you people employ ! 41 int . lacon be house - night 41 pulling oliver lacon as he lead smiley and guillam down the hall , gesture for he wife to take Jackie away . he attempt some social nicety , but he tone be strain . lacon and how be you George ? miss one 's work , one 's buddy ? smiley oh , I think I manage pretty well , thank you . they reach a large room , minimalist apart from a grand piano frame by vast glass window . a tall , well build young man - fawn - stand on guard . lacon gesture to he and fawn open the french window and he and guillam walk out onto the terrace beyond . 15 . behind they , unnotice , young jackie creep back into the room and slip behind the sofa . lacon you wife , the lovely Ann ? she 's in the pink , and so on . smiley very well . ( beat ) very bonny ... fawn close the french door behind he and lacon be suddenly all business . lacon do you know this man tarr ? smiley ( mildly ) I recruit he actually . in penang . good with woman . like to talk . what do he say to you ? lacon he say he have some intelligence for Control . have no idea he be dead . the news obviously have not reach wonga wonga land . then he say he would only tell it to someone outside the Circus . if he could not have a Minister , he would settle for the under-secretary . lucky I . lacon light a cigarette , smoke a moment , building up to something . smiley wait he out . the room have become very still . lacon ( cont 'd ) he say there 's a mole . right at the top of the Circus . and that he 's be there for year . smiley absorb this . the moment be suddenly break by a few stray note from the piano . the two jump slightly and turn to where Jackie sit at the keyboard , smile triumphantly . 42 omitted 42 43 ext . lacon be house - terrace - night 43 smiley and lacon stand on the terrace alone . lacon glance anxiously at smiley , try to read he . lacon I be sad to see you go , George . I think it be shabby , very shabby . ( more ) 16 . lacon ( cont 'd ) but the Minister agree with Sir percy . New broom , clean sweep , wheat from the chaff and all that . and to be fair , percy have have some marvellous result since you and Control leave ... realizing how this sound , he glance at smiley to see how much damage he 's cause . lacon ( cont 'd ) anyway , it do mean you be rather ideally place to look into this matter for we now , do not it ? outside the family ? smiley look blandly back at he . smiley I be retire , Oliver . silence . lacon look uncomfortable , something he have not yet say . lacon thing be , some time back , when Control be still alive , he come to I with a similar suggestion . smiley look at he , surprised . lacon ( cont 'd ) he never mention he suspicion to you ? smiley no . lacon I just think ... with you be " he man " , so to speak . smiley what do you say to he ? lacon ( beat ) I be afraid I think he paranoia have get the better of he and he be pull he own house down . that do happen in you business . and that bloody mess in budapest ... smiley stare out over the roll countryside , inscrutable . lacon ( cont 'd ) damn it , George , this be you generation , you legacy ! ( more ) 17 . lacon ( cont 'd ) if there 's any truth in this you would think you would want to ... he control himself . smiley ( beat ) I will keep Peter guillam . and there 's a retire special branch man . mendel . I would like to have he . lacon exhales , he relief palpable . lacon yes , yes . do you own housekeep . good man . he glance back at guillam and lacon 's daughter , pick out a melody on the grand piano . lacon ( cont 'd ) damn thing cost a fortune . Three year of lesson and all I hear be edelweiss . you and Ann never have child , do you ? smiley no , we never do . we hear the piano play on as we ... 44 ext . london - mendel STREET - morning 44 ... drive through suburban dagenham . we pull up in front of a neat tudor semi . 45 ext . mendel' garden - day 45 close on a colony of bee glove hand load a colony of bee into a new hive . a apiarist , in protective hat and glove , turn to examine the man who have appear in he back yard - GEORGE smiley . smiley raise a hand . the apiarist step away from the hive and remove he hat to reveal a long thin face , keen eye - inspector mendel . 46 ext . mendel' house - day 46 mendel , now in a overcoat and carry a batter briefcase , climb into the back of the car with a nod to smiley and guillam in the front . he begin to roll a cigarette as guillam drive away . 18. a stow - away bee appear from somewhere and begin to buzz around the car . guillam and mendel swat at it clumsily . smiley stare ahead in silence . he wind down the window and the bee fly to safety . 47 ext . HOTEL islay - day 47 a shabby rooming house , near paddington station . 48 int . HOTEL islay - smiley' room - day 48 a large , fade floral monstrosity of a room . two single bed , a large leather chair , a wireless . smiley 's new landlady mrs pope graham be supervise a gormless teenager - norman - who be struggle into the room with a rickety card table . mendel and guillam take it from he and set it into the room . from the next room come the unmistakable sound of someone have sex . mrs pope graham ( be the table ) it 's georgian , I should not lend it to you but since mister mendel recommend you ... she give the table a sentimental tap , raise she voice a little to drow out the excess from the room next door . mrs pope graham ( cont 'd ) you will love it for I will not you ? it belong to mister Pope - Graham . she glance at smiley who have he back to she look out into the London street . smiley' p.o.v. ... look out at rooftop opposite and a travel agent sign which read the wide world . mendel ( o.s. ) my friend just want peace and quiet in order to work , Mrs Pope - Graham , no disturbance . mrs pope graham and that 's what he shall have . you want anything you can ask norman , can not he , norman ? and they leave . a small silence ... 19 . mendel her real name be plain Graham . add the Pope for a touch of class . guillam give a grunt of amusement . mendel ( cont 'd ) best informant I ever have . later : smiley have turn he attention to the bed . he examine the stain sheet with distaste . as he speak he strip off the soile sheet and replace it with a clean one from he bag . smiley Control live with he sister do not he ? he straighten up from the bed , smooth the pristine sheet . mendel flip he notebook back . he 's already there . mendel basingstoke . not much of a paper - trail as you can imagine . his pension and she own a block of bedsit in she own name in West London . guillam we should ... mendel flick another page . mendel ... webb and bryson be the let agent . properties in half of the west end judge by this list ... later : guillam be lie on the bed . smiley stand at the window , mendel slump in a armchair . smiley we be only look for short term rental . within the last year . mendel ( reading from the list ) a miss hilliard . L. cavaleri ? D weaver , m crowley , m cush . f. farling . G. hiaasen . ( more ) 20 . mendel ( cont 'd ) a Mrs hawcombe . R. kee. M. kass . h staunton ... close on smiley as he eye flicker at the name . mendel ( cont 'd ) K. Menzies ... smiley how long be H. staunton a tenant ? mendel ( consult the list ) still be . be rent for a few year now . something ? smiley ( musing ) Howard staunton . Control use to say he be England 's great chess master . die in eighteen seventy - four . 49 ext . control be flat - day 49 guillam and smiley approach outside a red-brick mansion block of flat in West London . 50 int . control be flat - hallway - day 50 smiley and guillam reach a flat near the shadowy top of the building . smiley study the door . he run he finger over the door-frame and there it be - a little wedge at the top . 51 int . control be flat - day 51 guillam , follow by smiley , push in against a mound of dead mail . they advance cautiously into the dirty flat , the window fogge out with windowlene . there p.o.v . - tracking toward the door guillam have reach the door and disappear into the room beyond ... 52 int . control be flat - day 52 a green velvet armchair sit at the centre of a room . beside it a ashtray over - load with stub . 21 . the rest of the room be mound with pile and pile of paper - file , document box , map and chart , something insane in the sprawl of it all . guillam stand with he back to we stare at a chess set laid out before the chair , as if in mid-game . four of the chess piece have have photograph of face add to they - roy bland . toby esterhase . percy alleline . bill haydon - all wear paper party hat . the effect be ridiculous and a little disturbing , like some Surrealist objet d'art . guillam hear smiley and turn , almost guiltily , and as he move we see there be a fifth photograph on a piece - and it be of smiley himself . smiley stare at he image . 53 int . circus - toby esterhase's office - day 53 Toby esterhase be on the telephone , speak softly in hungarian . a look cross he face . he suddenly notice haydon in the doorway , cup of tea in hand . esterhase ask the caller to hold and place the handset on the desk . toby esterhase help you with something Bill ? bill haydon look for he majesty . toby esterhase ( sullenly ) he 's walk the battlement . Toby 's eye flicker toward the handset . bill haydon ( in hungarian , subtitle ) much oblige . Bill leave , and Toby resume the call . 54 ext . roof of the circus - day 54 alleline stand on the rooftop , stare out over the London skyline , he expression ambiguous - perhaps obscurely troubled to have find himself at the top . he become aware of Roy bland stand behind he . alleline ( without turn ) Roy . bland it 's the yank . they want to come in and talk . 22. alleline continue to stare out over the world , but allow himself a small smile of triumph - and relief . alleline of course they do . we have witchcraft . and they do not . 55 int . HOTEL islay - smiley' room - day 55 mendel and guillam carry in box , each overflow with file and bundle of yellowing papers . smiley thank you . anywhere will do . they dump the file and smiley turn to survey he room . in he hand he be toy with a black chess piece label " karla " . the far wall be now stack to the ceiling with the content of Control 's room - thousand of file and document , pile in no logical order . the three survey the mountain of information in silence . mendel ( wryly ) that enough for you to be get on with ? smiley ( beat ) no. Peter , I need you to do something for I ... 56 int . circus - scalphunter - day 56 the " scalphunter " floor . guillam be in he office , paint out panel below the waist , glass above . he sit , hand on the desk , steeling himself for what he have to do . abruptly he stand and walk out . we track with he as he walk through the scalphunter " quad " area - a wear out sofa , the old pool table . one of the scalphunter - kaspar - stand flirt with a pretty secretary - belinda - the " Deb " we see earlier . guillam acknowledge they casually as he pass . the girl give a little wave . she like he . kaspar stare after guillam . he do not . we continue tracking with guillam as he leave the scalphunter area , walk down the corridor , turn leave into ... 23. 57 int . circus - men' room - day 57 he stand at the basin , check the room be clear . examine he watch , then cross to the door and open it a crack , peer out . guillam be p.o.v. we be look though a glass panell door at the personnel office . a dapper little man in a club tie - fawley - sit behind he desk , idly tapping a desk toy - a Newton 's cradle . he too check he watch . lunch time . get up and walk out of he office . guillam count to ten under he breath and then abruptly , walk out of the men' room , across the corridor and into ... 58 int . circus - fawley' office - day 58 the cradle be still swinging - steel ball clack softly . guillam be open a safe , pull out document , photograph they with a subminiature camera . Close on the document as guillam silently photograph they . smiley ( v.o. ) I want to see the record of staff recently retire . while you be there get the handbook on staff duty ... and the diagram of the Circus 's reorganization under alleline ... guillam hear a voice outside . he draw a SMALL knife from he pocket . 59 int . circus - fawley' office - day 59 kaspar open the door and walk in , find ... the office empty . then a faint noise . he work he way around the desk , find guillam crouch down , he back to he . kaspar ( suspicious ) sorry Peter , do not know you be do ... whatever you be do ...? guillam straighten up to reveal he hand ooze blood from a cut . 24 . peter guillam try not to bleed to death . fawley 's get a first aid kit in one of he drawer . get I a plaster will you ? kaspar busy himself with the first -aid . eye hard . 60 int . circus - lift - day 60 guillam have just step into the lift . Roy bland appear suddenly and step in beside he . silence for a moment as they descend ... roy bland ( without look at he ) Heard you have a accident . guillam make a mental note against kaspar . peter guillam cut it on a drawer handle . ( beat ) when be we go to get some new furniture round here ? roy bland I will have a word with esterhase , Peter . we will make it a priority on the top floor . they arrive on the ground floor . bland walk out ahead . guillam exhales with relief . then ... roy bland ( cont 'd ) ( as he walk away ) where be you off to ? peter guillam lunch . roy bland want some company ? 61 int . pub - day 61 the two man sit drink at a table in a nearly desert local bar . roy bland tell you the truth , I be in no hurry to get back up there ... peter guillam smother by the mother . 25 . roy bland something like that . that old bird , all pine for Control . percy still can not get a decent cup of tea out of they . still , I imagine it take time . peter guillam what do ? roy bland loyalty . he take a pull of he pint . roy bland ( cont 'd ) if it be up to I , I would replace they all with that `naice ' girl from registry . like to hear a few high heel about the place . he reach suddenly for guillam 's coat , lie on the seat - he hand head for the pocket that hold the subminiature camera . roy bland ( cont 'd ) scrounge a fag ? peter guillam ( quickly ) here . he push he cigarettes into bland 's hand before he can fish in the coat . bland smoke for a moment . roy bland ( suddenly ) what do you think of datsun ? peter guillam what ? roy bland datsun . just get one . wife make I . hatchback . caught sight of myself in it , drive past a shop window and I think to myself " who 's that old fucker ? " he stare at guillam with faint smile , but he eye be cold and watchful . roy bland ( cont 'd ) what be you drive ? peter guillam citroen . 26 . roy bland french ? ooh la la ... he continue to stare at guillam with the faint smile , and guillam feel a sicken wave of paranoia . roy bland ( cont 'd ) drink up and I will drop you back . you have probably get some girl wait ... 62 int . guillam' flat - night 62 guillam sit alone at the table read a newspaper . after a moment , a man , he lover - richard - a decade or so older - walk behind he , stroking he hair tenderly , and join he at the table . guillam automatically check the window - the flat opposite , a light window - could someone see they ? he get up and close the curtain , settles back at the table , pass Richard a section of the paper . the two sit in domestic contentment , read . 62a ext . HOTEL islay - night 62a smiley' p.o.v . - looking down from a window a ministerial car pull up and lacon climb out . 63 int . HOTEL islay - smiley' room - night 63 the music - a charlie rich track - play on a transistor radio . smiley sit at the window listen to the music . guillam dictate from a photograph of the document he take at the circus . smiley become aware that the other be watch he . he turn away , tune the radio into a different station , cut the Charlie Rich tune . peter guillam Jerry westerby , dismiss December 4th . and ... connie sach , retire November 28th . that 's just two week after you and Control be force out . smiley consider this , turn back to the chess set . he write connie 's name on a slip of paper , pastes it to a chess piece . there be a knock at the door . mendel let lacon into the room exclude a very excited mrs . pope graham . lacon 's wear a tux , look extremely uncomfortable , almost offended at the role he find himself play . 27 . smiley I know that car . lacon on we way to La bohème . the Minister wonder if there be anything to report ? smiley not much , I be afraid . we be just discuss the departure of connie sach . I wonder how Research manage without she . peter guillam probably relieved . she always strike I as unhinge . smiley that be one of she talent . lacon look around he , drip disdain . lacon ( indicating the chess set ) look a little unhinge yourself , George . smiley ( distract ) hmm ? he turn to he . smiley ( cont 'd ) yes , I suppose I be . perhaps that 's what we have to become ? a little paranoid ? he turn back to the chess board . smiley ( cont 'd ) ( to lacon ) you " clean sweep . " what if the mole be actually behind that sweep ? what if each of we , whether we know it or not , represent a threat to the mole ? lacon look at a pile of file , distractedly pick one up . he start to leaf through one ... lacon ( unconvince ) Control lose he position because of that fiasco in budapest ... that poor chap ...? 28 . he look to guillam for the name . peter guillam Jim prideaux . smiley nod thoughtfully . smiley yes . yes , he do . he write prideaux on a slip of paper , pastes it to a chess piece . lacon pick up another file , something catch he eye : a letter head of flame . he look up shocked . lacon how do you get this ? this be witchcraft material . he grab the piece of paper , stuff it in he pocket . smiley look at he . lacon read something implacable in smiley 's gaze ... smiley turn back to the chess set . smiley Control be out . and alleline be in . thanks to ... he write the name " witchcraft " and place it on a chess piece . 63a ext . HOTEL islay - night 63a lacon stalk out of the hotel . smiley ( v.o. ) ... alleline 's " special source . " lacon ( v.o. ) there be no connection . he climb into the wait car . we catch a glimpse of the minister in the back . smiley ( v.o. ) everything be connect . the car drive away . 64 int . thursgood school - classroom - day 64 a third - rate English preparatory school . the string orchestra practice - row of twelve - year old boy saw away at they instrument . a teacher wince as he hack at the air above they head with a ruler . 29 . near the back of the class we find bill roach . he 's plump , asthmatic , the last to be choose for everything . he look out of the window . 65 ext . thursgood school - day 65 roach stare out at we as the rain lash against the window pane . as we watch a old blue alvis , towing a batter , second hand caravan , appear - reflect in the window - drive past . roach watch , thrilled to realise he be the sole witness of this mysterious new arrival . 66 ext . thursgood school - prideaux caravan - day 66 we be look down into the dip , at the driver of the blue alvis , set up he caravan on brick , in the gloom and rain . he 's wear a waterproof cape and hood , obscure he face , give he something of a air of mystery and menace . there 's something odd about the way he move , something about he back , as if it 's be knock out of true ... the Driver rock the caravan from side to side , load brick underneath , try to get the thing level . he sense something and turn to find roach behind he . roach instinctively take a step back from the hood figure . then , gather he courage , he hold out he hand . in he palm , a marble . later : roach stand in the caravan , watch the marble as it roll backwards and forward on the windowsill - a improvise spirit level . the marble come to rest at the centre of the sill , a temporary equilibrium . roach turn excitedly to the camera , about to call to the Driver , but see something that stop he in he track ... the Driver have stop , he back to we , breathe hard , perhaps from the exercise or perhaps fight down some pain . the wind catch at he cape and it flutter to one side , revealing the sweat - soak shirt beneath . as we watch a dark stain appear at he shoulder blade and begin to spread . it 's blood . 67 ext . london - off license - day 67 through the window we see smiley buy a bottle . 30 . 68 int . london - paddington train station - day 68 smiley stand at a ticket kiosk . smiley return to Oxford please . 69 ext . connie' house - day 69 a large dilapidate victorian house . we hear the faint sound of voice and pop music come from the garden . smiley push open the gate , walk down the path , past over - grow shrubbery until he reach the door with a bell mark " sach . " glancing sideways he be catch , entrance , by the sight of a young couple kissing in the window . they turn , suddenly aware of he presence and smiley , embarrassed , continue walk round the house . smiley' p.o.v. a group of student in togas be rehearse a musical version of lysistrata . a young woman , hold she script , be miming to the song ` do not ' by doris . a older woman wear rather too much make - up be carry a prop . this be connie sach - former Queen of Intelligence at the Circus . she examine smiley for a moment , and then break into a charming smile . on smiley' expression this be not a social call . connie can not keep the disappointment from she face . 70 int . connie' house - drawing room - day 70 smiley sit in the cluttere draw room , a plate of scone in front of he . connie appear carry a tray of tea . smiley ( of the tea ) oh , I bring ... he take the bottle of scotch from he briefcase . connie sach ( eyeing it hungrily ) not suppose to . Doctor 's order . smiley feign surprise . connie give a little girl laugh . 31 . connie sach ( cont 'd ) wick , wick George . she take the teacup he pour with crooked arthritic finger and drink . they sit , both stare at the student in the garden , catch up in memory of they youth . connie sach ( cont 'd ) I miss it all so much . all my lovely boy . smiley hesitates . connie sach ( cont 'd ) I do not know about you , George but I feel seriously under - fuck . they look at each other a moment . connie 's smile fade . she look at he almost sorrowfully . connie sach ( cont 'd ) she do not deserve you , George . not one hair on you head , never do ... 71 int . connie' house - day 71 smiley and connie sit in a dirty , disorder room , connie on she way to be drunk . as she finish she glass smiley fill it . smiley you leave the Circus shortly after I retire ... connie sach I do not leave . I be dismiss . chucked out on the rubbish heap . ( beat ) like you . smiley ( ignoring this ) why ? she shrug , petulant , take a drink . connie sach " lose my sense of proportion . " that 's what that personnel cow say . would not let go of a bone . smiley which bone ? connie sach polyakov . 32 . smiley nod , a look of boredom settling on he face - a sure sign of interest . smiley polyakov . connie sach cultural attaché polyakov . smiley station where ? connie sach here. London . turned up in sixty five . and I have a feel , as soon as I laid eye on he . but that little swine Toby esterhase tell I I be see spy under the bed . smiley esterhase say that ? connie sach he have he grade persil . whiter than white . and that be that . smiley but you disagree ? connie sach pretty polly ? very military bear for someone who 's never suppose to have be in the army . but , he be good . go to embassy function , lecture . I love a man who life he cover . never put a foot wrong . smiley ( beat ) never ? she can not help but smile . connie sach ( as if summoning he ) pretty polly . pretty polly ... 72 int . circus - research - evening - past 72 connie be work late . she sit in front of a steenbeck flatbe editing table , she 's chain - smoking , unkempt , but completely focus on the move image on the screen . 33. connie sach ( v.o. ) ... the busy culture vulture that embassy ever have . on the wall around she be frame still from the footage she be watch : Russian official at ceremony - each picture gridd , each official label as connie manage to identify they . connie sach ( cont 'd ) for year we would be hearing rumour that Karla be building a private army of he own , outside Moscow Centre . we know he have agent scattered round the globe . I start spend time with the Moscow gazer comb Soviet bulletin and any material I could get . on screen - ancient soviet veteran stand in row display the medal on they chest . connie sach ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) late one night in Research , I be trawling through some footage of May Day in Berlin , 1969 . I see something , George . connie slow the image down , concentrate ... official in suit be walk into they designate place . we see polyakov amongst they . one of the old soviet veteran , in dress uniform , a chest full of medal , possibly a touch senile , look at he . just before he be obscure by another official we see what the old veteran do . he salute polyakov . connie 's smile of triumph be reflect on the screen . she light a cigarette . connie sach ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I see it , George . connie rewind the tape and we see the salute - backwards . and again - forward . connie sach ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) why would a distinguished soldier , four medal for gallantry , salute we cultural attache polly ? unless polly be a war veteran himself ? and if he be , why hide the fact ? from doorway - connie sit smoking she celebratory cigarette , at the centre of she obsession . 34 . 72a int . circus - research - evening 72a connie be show the footage to alleline and esterhase . smiley ( v.o. ) what do you do ? connie sach ( v.o. ) I go straight to esterhase and alleline . I say - " polyakov be a Karla - train Hood if ever I see one . and if he 's here it 's because he 's run a mole . " smiley ( v.o. ) what do they say ? alleline switch off the image . percy alleline ( hard ) you be to leave polyakov alone . you be become obsessed with he . he glance at esterhase and then back to connie , eye cold . percy alleline ( cont 'd ) you be lose you sense of proportion , connie . perhaps it 's time you go out into the real world . 73 omitted 73 74 omitted 74 75 int . connie' house - day - present 75 connie sit on she bed , with smiley , drunk now , eye wet . connie sach hate the real world . ( beat ) what do it matter ? Old Circus be go anyway , apart from Bill haydon . better off out of it . ( beat ) I know you never like he . smiley ( sharply ) what nonsense . what on earth make you say that ? connie sach ( surprise ) I do not know . 35 . she turn to the shoe box beside she , take out a photograph . connie sach ( cont 'd ) here we be . the nursery in we day . she show he the photograph - a young connie in wren uniform , young man in cricket white on a mown lawn . more senior figure stand behind . connie sach ( cont 'd ) there 's Control himself , you behind he , as usual ... a young bespectacle smiley , lose amongst he more glamorous colleague . she trace other face with a crooked finger . connie sach ( cont 'd ) ( fondly ) Jim prideaux ... and Bill haydon . together of course . the inseparable . all my boy . that be a good time , George . smiley ( chide ) it be the war , connie . connie sach a real war . englishmen could be proud then . she stare at the photograph with a sad smile . connie sach ( cont 'd ) I be right , then ? about polyakov . there 's a mole ? smiley do not answer , stand up to go . connie sach ( cont 'd ) if it 's bad , do not come back . I want to remember you all as you be . 76 ext . safe house - night 76 the house we see in the title sequence . the air duct open on the front of the house , spilling out its star- shape of light . after a moment polyakov walk up to the door and knock . we hear the dog bark ... 36 . 77 int . safe house - ground floor - night 77 Mrs mccraig open the door for he and he pass she with a smile , head upstairs . we track with Mrs mccraig as she walk back to she pantry , open a cupboard to reveal a huge reel to reel tape recorder . with ancient finger she press down the clunky record button and the spool begin to revolve . polyakov ( o.s. ) ( in Russian ) ... the Priest be surprised to see General Secretary krushchev ... 78 int . safe house - meeting room - night 78 as we see it in the title . the mystery man sit at the table hold up page of a document for polyakov who be photograph they as he talk , the camera give a satisfy click and whir with each shot . polyakov ... he say " Father , father , I have just have sex with two 17 year old girl . " the Priest say " that 's quite a sin , but you be a atheist , General Secretary ... " high angle - the dusty candelabra above they head , and the tint microphone , nestle beside one of the bulb . polyakov ( cont 'd ) " ... why be you tell I ? " 79 int . safe house - ground floor - night 79 ... spool churn silently . polyakov ( o.s. ) ... krushchev say " I be seventy - seven , I be tell everyone . " we hear he chuckle and the continue click whir of the camera . 80 int . HOTEL islay - smiley' room - night 80 smiley sit at he desk stare at the chess set laid out before he . one of the piece have have the photograph of polyakov add to it . 37 . he begin to register the faint noise around he ... pigeon on the ledge outside the window , the television mast creak on the roof above he ... he hear footstep approach down the corridor and stop outside he room . he cross to the door and open it and find control wait for he . control step into my lair . and in a instant we be in ... 81 int . circus - conference room - day - past 81 Control be at the head of the table . ranged against he be percy alleline , roy bland and toby esterhase - all a little nervous . bill haydon sit to the side , foot up . smiley join they without he spectacle . Control throw he a file . control ( to smiley ) sit down and take a look at this nonsense . smiley sit down and begin to read . control ( cont 'd ) report by Soviet High Command on they recent naval exercise in the Black Sea . just what the admiralty have be begging we for some information on . smiley ( engross ) where do you get it ? control I do not . percy and he little cabal walk in with it . toby esterhase ( protest " cabal " ) Control ... control shut up , esterhase . Control wave he down . smiley consider the report dispassionately . smiley if it 's genuine it 's gold - dust . ( beat ) but its topicality make it suspect . 38 . Control turn to alleline , with a mock smile . control smiley be suspicious , percy . smell a fake . smiley where do it come from ? what 's the access ? control percy do not feel like tell . percy pack he pipe , enjoy the moment - the young lion challenging the old . percy alleline a new secret source of mine . smiley but how could he possibly have access to ...? percy alleline he have access to the most sensitive level of policy make . smiley stare at he , staggered . if it 's true , this be the jackpot . alleline enjoy he amazement , he lean over - point with bureaucratic pride to the flame on the letter head . percy alleline ( cont 'd ) we have name the operation " witchcraft . " smiley ( faintly ) we ? control percy and he pal have bypass we , smiley . go straight to the Minister . everyone 's very excited . percy 's to be allow to keep the identity of he new friend top secret . percy alleline the Minister agree with I that too many secret be blow around here . too much failure , too many scandal , too little solid intelligence ! Control be still smile but only now do we realise he be almost shaking with fury . 39 . control luckily percy 's cabal have come to save we . percy alleline ( bulldoze on ) it 's all office politics here . roy bland percy do have a point , Control . we should be fight communism , not each other . percy alleline meanwhile we be lose we reputation , we partner ... control you bloody yank ! percy alleline ( shout ) and we have have enough ! there 's go to be change , smiley ! change . Toby esterhase find he moment . toby esterhase we need to decide if we be part of the past , or part of the future . control ( contemptuous ) I should have leave you where I find you . roy bland Control , if we could all just ... control out ! all of you ! alleline , bland and esterhase leave . for a moment it look as if haydon will stay , but then he stand up , shaking he head and saunter out . smiley ( cautiously ) if witchcraft be genuine ... now the other have leave , Control seem to sag under the weight of some unnamed fear . he turn a haggard face to smiley . control I do not trust miracle . 40 . we hear a knocking and find ourselves back in ... 82 int . HOTEL islay - smiley' room - day - present 82 mendel hold two mug of tea in one hand , give the agree knock at smiley 's door again . after a moment a bleary smiley open the door and let he in . 83 int . HOTEL islay - smiley' room - day 83 mendel pass he the tea , take in the desk pile high with papers . mendel ( of the tea ) courtesy of Mrs p . you be up all night ? smiley sit down wearily , sip he tea . smiley yes . mendel notice one slip of paper , sit alone on the opposite side of the desk . mendel what 's that ? smiley request for a thousand pound 's in cash from the reptile fund . mendel what for ? smiley for a mister Ellis . mendel who 's Ellis ? smiley lean back , rub he tired eye . smiley it be one of Jim prideaux 's work name . mendel what 's so strange about that then ? smiley the date . prideaux be kill in hungary a year ago . October twenty first . so why be ( more ) 41 . smiley ( cont 'd ) someone give he a thousand pound two month later ? he take another sip of tea , gaze at mendel thoughtfully . 84 ext . thursgood school - playing field - day 84 prideaux be run around the track , pound along with he odd , lope stride . a group of boy watch he pass . one - spikeley - mimic the run to the amusement of the other . 85 int . thursgood school - classroom - day 85 a fire burn in the little grate . roach sit near the back of the class . the boy behind slap the back of he neck with a ruler . roach flinch but do not say anything . the Boy do it again . prideaux drop a pile of book onto the desk of a boy - spikely . prideaux Hand that out . he cross to the board begin to write on it - je m'appelle monsieur ell ... behind he spikely hand out the book , continue to walk like a hunchback . the class snigger . prideaux hear but do not turn , continue write . then from the chimney come a unnerve scrabbling sound . a little soot fall ... the sniggering fade out as all eye turn nervously to the fire ... what be that noise ? then , with a terrifying screech , a owl drop down into the grate , thrashes in the flame before flap out into the class , its wing now on FIRE , shriek hideously , head straight for spikely who stand freeze in shock as the bird swoops towards he face . then ... ... somehow , prideaux be there and grab the burn bird from the air and in a second have it fold in on itself , neck snapped , and stride out of the room with it . the boy stare after they new teacher in shocked silence . 42 . 86 ext . thursgood school - prideaux caravan - day 86 roach be hide , spying down on the caravan below , where prideaux sit in the doorway , massage he raise shoulder , and drink something from a green beaker . prideaux ( after a moment ) come down here . frightened , roach obey , slide down the dip to he . prideaux examine he fiercely . finally he face relax a little . prideaux ( cont 'd ) ( identify he ) Boy with the marble . roach yes sir . prideaux gave I a turn up there , park on the horizon . think you be a juju man . what 's you name ? bill roach Sir , roach , sir . Bill . I be a new boy . prideaux New arrival , eh ? Middle of year ? what 's the story ? roach hesitates . bill roach ( blush ) my mother and father ... my father 's leave , so ... he do not know how to explain he misery any further . prideaux pretend not to notice . prideaux Bill ? the unpaid Bill . anyone ever call you that ? bill roach no sir . prideaux known a lot of bill . they have all be good iun . what you good at ? roach try desperately to think of something . 43. bill roach nothing sir . the boy 's eye start to mist up . prideaux look down , busy himself with brush at something on he shirt . prideaux you be a good watcher though eh ? we loner always be . no one else spot I when I turn up here . best watcher in the unit , Bill roach be , I will bet . Long as he 's get he specs on . right ? bill roach ( gratefully ) yes sir . prideaux finish he drink , nod to roach . prideaux free period , be not it ? do not waste it down here . roach set off up the dip . he look back and see prideaux have walk into the caravan and stand with he back to he , rub he aching shoulder . 87 ext . smiley' house - day 87 smiley walk up to the step of he home , stop , examine the door , he absent - minded air harden into something more alert . he scan the step and stoops to pick something up . a wedge . 88 int . smiley' house - day 88 smiley walk into the hallway sense alert . he pad towards the draw room , wipe sweat from he hand on he trousers , steel himself . be it finally they , come for he ? he walk in and find ... 89 int . smiley' house - day 89 ricki tarr sit smoking in the darkness , the knife on he lap . ricki tarr hello mister smiley . you remember I . smiley hello , ricki . he toss the wedge onto the table . 44 . smiley ( cont 'd ) you miss a wedge . ricki tarr lose my touch . smiley watch he closely , very aware of the knife . tarr rub he beard . ricki tarr ( cont 'd ) I know what I must look like . rip Van winkle . feel like he . I could sleep for a year . two year . smiley where have you be , ricki ? ricki tarr here , there . run out of place now . they be gonna kill I . smiley who be ? ricki tarr you lot . or they lot . whoever get I first . I be innocent , by the way . within reason . ( beat ) you go to find he then ? the mole ? smiley cross to another chair . as he do so he 's scan the room - automatically note the change - the remain of a meal on a table ... smiley I be go to try . how long have you be here ? ricki tarr few day . need somewhere to hide . smiley notice the pile of letter for he wife Ann - they have be disturb . ricki tarr ( cont 'd ) ( follow he gaze ) Old habit . smiley fight down he anger . smiley I would not use my home as a safe house . there 's every chance they be watch it . 45 . ricki tarr calculate risk mister smiley . I want to see you , figure you would turn up here sooner or later . smiley what do you want ricki ? ricki tarr there 's a woman . I want you to trade for she . get she back from Karla . smiley what woman ? tarr finish he cigarette , light another . ricki tarr her name 's irina . 90 ext . istanbul - airport - day - past 90 ricki tarr emerge blink into the white sunshine . groom , smart , that same restless energy . a car pull up across the road tufty thesinger - a boil - look british spy , not over - bright , signal to he . tarr pull he shade down and saunter over to he ride . ricki tarr ( o.s. ) I meet she in Istanbul . they would find some Russian trade delegate , name of boris . he be spend high and wide in the nightclub and some idiot think we could turn he . tarr open the back seat and get in . tufty 's slightly foolish smile slip a little . 90a int . istanbul - tarr' apartment - entrance lobby - day 90 a tarr enter , follow by tufty carry one of he bag . 91 int . istanbul - tarr' apartment - night 91 nineteenth century european grandeur . but the apartment we be in be desert and in a state of disrepair . tarr stand at tripod mount binoculars set back from the window , idly play with a knife with a distinctive white bone handle . 46 . 92 ext . istanbul - irina' HOTEL - night 92 tarr be p.o.v. - the HOTEL opposite - a brutalist concrete slab , the room have floor to ceiling window . in the bedroom a heavy set man - boris - be have sex with a maid . ricki tarr ( v.o . ) I take one look and see that he be a hood , Moscow train . we track to one side , and see the " draw room " of the hotel suite , where boris ' two minder , sergei and ivan , wait , smirk at the sound come from the bedroom . ricki tarr ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) probably coat trail , try to draw one of we man out into the open . we track further along again and see the corridor outside the hotel room , where a young woman have just arrive . this be irina . ricki tarr ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he have a wife with he . common - law . irina open the door and walk into the draw room , where the minder stare fixedly at the floor , try not to laugh . she walk on past and into the bedroom . the maid jump out of the bed , grab she clothes and flee . boris lie , unconcern , reach for he cigarettes . irina walk past he and we track with she as she enter a bathroom . the glass window here be two - third frost and we lose she as she bend over a basin . something about she have catch tarr 's attention and he leave the binocular , walk closer to the window . suddenly irina straighten up , she head above the frost glass and stare straight at we ... 93 ext . istanbul - tarr' apartment - night 93 her p.o.v . - ricki tarr stand at the window opposite , know he should turn away , but somehow snag by that look . a moment between the two . then a car sweep past on the road below and there 's a flash of light behind ricki 's head - the headlight reflect in the lense of the now visible binoculars . irina absorb this . above everything else , anger at she humiliation be observe . 47 . 94 ext . istanbul - irina' HOTEL - night 94 ricki tarr be p.o.v. as irina walk back out of the bathroom , pick up a vase and hurl it at boris , just miss he . he stub out he cigarette and calmly climb out of the bed . as we watch he draw the curtain along the length of the room , obscure we view . second later the curtain billow as irina be throw against they . we watch as she shape be roll along the window by the force of boris ' blow . finally the billow fabric settles . moment later boris open the curtain again and start to dress . irina lie on the bed . 94a ext . istanbul - irina' HOTEL - night 94a ricki be p.o.v. ricki watch the street below as boris , sergei and Ivan exit the hotel , head for a night out . tarr pull on he own jacket , grab he knife . 95 omitted 95 96 ext . istanbul - night 96 irina be p.o.v . - her husband and the minder be head for a row of gaudy nightclub . and someway behind he , ricki tarr , trail . she exhales a breath on the glass . 96a ext . istanbul - night club - night 96 a tarr approach the night club , glance around quickly before slip inside . 97 int . istanbul - night club - night 97 ricki tarr enter . he scan the room for boris , spot tufty thesinger at a table . he cross towards he , watch as boris and the two minder be entertained by the club hostess . boris call for more drink , clutching a bundle of currency . tufty thesinger ( grin ) this be go to be a long night . 48 . ricki tarr you baby - sit this one . ricki walk towards we . 98 int . istanbul - irina' HOTEL - night 98 irina answer the door and find ricki tarr outside . ricki tarr you bloke 's a bit of a bastard . ( beat ) just want to check you be alright . she stare at he . ricki tarr ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be something about she . 99 omitted 99 100 int . smiley' house - day - present 100 tarr exhales smoke . smiley study he . smiley you be due to fly home the next day . what do you tell London ? ricki tarr nothing . do not have anything to tell yet . but ... I could sense it in she . smiley sense what ? ricki tarr a secret . 101 int . istanbul - garage - day - past 101 ricki tarr be talk to a man . a sport car lie under a sheet . the deal conclude , the man pull back the sheet to reveal the car . 102 ext . istanbul - dock - day 102 irina be drive , exhilated , free . ricki tarr be on the back seat , sleep . 49 . 103 int . istanbul - worker canteen - day 103 a worker canteen on the bosphorus . tarr and irina sit drink wine , talk . ricki tarr ( v.o . ) I play the businessman , Michael trench . a holiday romance . think I would take my time with it ... tarr gently trace a bruise on irina 's arm . ricki tarr ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but second date she make this open play ... we see a grow attraction between they . irina and tarr laugh , flirt . they move closer to one another . tarr feel he be the master of this situation . suddenly irina withdraw . she stare at he . irina I know what you be . a long beat . tarr wait she out . irina ( cont 'd ) I would like to talk to you boss Control . I have something to trade . something big . I want a new life in the West . tarr desperately try to stay look calm . irina ( cont 'd ) that be the deal . you tell they . 103a int . smiley' house - evening - present 103a smiley sit with he hood , bored look , examine everything carefully . smiley what make you so sure she be not coat-trail ? ricki tarr we have all get we strength . and weakness . he flick a look at the pile of Ann 's letter , a insolent smile . 50 . ricki tarr ( cont 'd ) I , I know woman . she say she have a secret . the mother of all secret . Said she would only tell Control . she want to trade . New life for she and she kid . smiley she have child in Russia ? ricki tarr that 's why they let she and boris out . so , I say I would tell the Circus . smiley ( beat ) but you do not ? tarr 's smile fade . 104 omitted 104 105 int . istanbul - tarr' apartment - day - past 105 irina prowl the room . ricki tarr ( v.o . ) want to find out more first . so , I wait she out . tarr lounge by a window , smoking . ricki tarr ( cont 'd ) ( shrugge ) you can not expect they to jump at every offer of service . ( beat . carefully ) if they have more information ... irina do not answer , pace . tarr let he face harden . ricki tarr ( cont 'd ) well , if you will not tell I more , there 's nothing I can do . she stare at he . irina if I tell you , I be put my life in you hand . the life of my child ? do you understand ? she walk slowly towards he , bend over , begin to whisper in he ear . 51 . 106 int . istanbul - tarr' apartment - night 106 the two make love , passionate , irina try to bind he to she . tarr respond , excited by she , now that she need he . we intercut they intense love-make with ... 107 int . istanbul - night club - night 107 a drunk boris grop a very young hostess on a dance floor , he shirt undone . he start to strip the girl of she uniform , amused by she effort to keep she clothes on . the two minder clap in time to the music , encourage he . boris grab the girl by the hair , bite she neck , laugh , eye glaze with drink , barely able to stand ... the inane music blare on ... 108 int . istanbul - tarr' apartment - night 108 silence . tarr and irina stare at each other . a long beat . irina ( tenderly ) promise I you will be careful . no detail to the Circus . not until we be safe . ricki tarr ( genuine ) I promise . 109 ext . istanbul - day 109 tarr thread he way through the crowd of evening shopper and tourist , hold in he head the biggest secret of he career . there 's something new on he face - ambition . 110 ext . istanbul - import / export office - evening 110 we be glide above the respectable front of a Business office , through the reception - which maintain the cover story of a import / export outfit ... ...over a back -room and through a steel door to the cypher room beyond where we find a drunk tufty thesinger watch tarr send a code message . tufty thesinger you be suppose to have go . London station 's be on to I . they want to know what the hell you be do . 52 . ricki tarr ( without turn ) fuck off . 111 int . smiley' house - night - present 111 smiley take off he glass and wipe they . smiley and what do you message say , ricki ? ricki tarr just that I have a Moscow Centre train hood want to defect . smiley what else ? tarr look at he . for the first time there 's something else behind he smile . smiley ( cont 'd ) I understand how you feel . you want to do something . ricki tarr I know what I be to the Circus . one of the scalp-hunter . someone to give the dirty job to . I want to bring this one in myself . smiley yes . I quite see that . ricki tarr I say that she claim to have information crucial to the well - be of the Circus . smiley ( o.s ) and what else ? ricki tarr that she have information concern a double agent . he colour . ricki tarr ( cont 'd ) I be just try to ... to get the proper attention . ( beat ) and I tell they to tell mister guillam that this be the reason I have not come home , not because I would defect or anything . 53. smiley what happen next ricki ? ricki tarr I wait for a reply . 112 int . istanbul - import / export office - night - past 112 a tense tarr sit wait for a reply . it 's dark outside . thesinger be asleep at he desk . the ticker machine begin to rattle into life . tarr jump to it . tarr begin to decode the in - come message on a one - time pad . insert - " we read you " ricki tarr ( v.o. ) I wait hour but that be all they send . it do not make sense . like they be stalling . 113 ext . istanbul - tarr' apartment - night 113 tarr stand stare across at irina 's hotel balcony with binocular . 114 ext . istanbul - irina' HOTEL - night 114 boris stand look straight at he . the hint of a mock smile . behind he we can just see sergei and ivan sit in the room . 115 int . istanbul - irina' HOTEL - night 115 boris turn from the balcony , exhaling smoke from a cigarette , the faint smile still on he lip . he look up , he expression changing . 116 ext . istanbul - alleyway - dawn 116 tarr bolt down a alleyway . 117 int . istanbul - import / export office - day 117 the door be ajar ... a radio be play loud pop music . tarr pause on the threshold , sense alert . he take out he knife . 54 . 118 int . istanbul - import / export office - day 118 a fan stir the dusty air . tarr walk in and stop . tufty lie on the floor , in a pool of blood . he 's be torture , one eye gouge out . the other manage to convey a rather touch amazement at the violence work on he . his throat have be slit wide open . tarr absorb this , look at the knife in he own hand , turn and run . 119 int . istanbul - worker canteen - day 119 a desperate tarr hurry towards a phone . 120 int . istanbul - irina' HOTEL - day 120 p.o.v . - bathroom through the half -open door - irina enter the hotel room . she stop a moment , afraid . then she look towards we . bathroom irina be back out of the room . we catch a glimpse of the butchered remains of boris hang from the shower rail , a garrot wire around he neck . he 's be torture , the shower curtain use to catch the pool blood . she back away across the room to the door , leave a trail of bloody footprint on the pale carpet . she turn to the door , look out of the spy hole . her p.o.v. - two man , tiny distorted figure walk down the corridor towards she . the phone start to ring . irina glance at it , know it 's too late for she . spy - hole - the two figure loom closer . 121 int . istanbul - port authority - day 121 p.o.v . - crowd of people throng the busy port . a paranoid ricki watch from the back of the hall . he notice a child react to something - follow he gaze ... tarr be p.o.v. - behind glass panel - a glimpse of three man wheeling a gurney - a bandage figure upon it . just before the figure disappear , a hand move a little ... tarr watch irina 's departure , sick with guilt . 55 . 122 omitted 122 123 int . smiley' house - night - present 123 tarr pick at a loose thread on he cuff , mind still back there . ricki tarr they put she on a ship . that 's all I know . I have do a lot of thing mister smiley , but ... I do not know why ... I keep think about she . ( beat ) he smile , almost bewilder by he own feeling . ricki tarr ( cont 'd ) she be not even my type . ( beat ) I want to get she out . I owe she that . he stand up abruptly , head for the door . smiley where be you go ricki ? you say yourself , Karla will be look for you . I can take you somewhere . keep you safe . tarr 's face twist with mirth . ricki tarr who 's go to keep you safe ? 124 int . circus - lift shaft - day 124 we be peer down the lift shaft as new secret be winched towards we . 125 int . circus - conference room - day 125 alleline sit in he baronial chair , alone in the room . he look what he be . a man who know he 's out of he depth . across from he the safe stand , a almost malignant presence . alleline stare at it , a light film of sweat on he forehead . 126 int . squash club - evening 126 a dark warren of corridor and glass squash court somewhere under-ground . 56 . alleline walk along the court , new racquet in hand , uncomfortable in he too - tight white short . he reach a court . Inside lacon and the minister be play a furious game of squash . 127 int . squash club - evening 127 the three man stand talk within the transparent cube of the court . lacon and the Minister be still sweat from they game . the Minister be smoking . oliver lacon percy have always resist suggestion of wider exploitation of witchcraft 's intelligence . minister Drop the bloody jargon , lacon . percy alleline I have refuse to share witchcraft with we ally , so far , Minister . minister greedy boy . percy alleline my goal have be to establish he track record beyond all doubt . I think the time have come to approach we american brother - in - arm . the Minister consider this with some excitement , take a drag on he cigarette . minister you think they will take we back into bed ? percy alleline I be not interested in a one - off trade . I want on - go access to american intelligence . this stop the Minister . he turn to face alleline . minister do you think we can get it ? alleline sense he have just rise several rung . he slashes inexpertly with he racquet . 57 . percy alleline with witchcraft on we side , I think we can get anything we bloody - well want . 128 ext . hampstead pond - day 128 smiley swim in the placid water . we hear music . the tinkle of glass from a happy Christmas party ... control ( o.s. ) ( mock out - rage ) percy ? 129 int . circus - fifth floor party - night - past 129 - and we be back in the Circus . we find Control - arm outstretch , finger point . control percy . do you do this ? a Christmas Party of the past . Control , at the height of he power , a punch glass in hand . noise and music : the normally earnest atmosphere of the Circus release in a unexpectedly boisterous gather . control ( cont 'd ) you penny pinching Scot . can you not take a bloody order . no one be to tamper with the recipe . it 's go to take we five hour to get drunk on this piss water . alleline try to smile . percy alleline I follow the recipe . he glance nervously at he wife , a vivacious alcoholic , just beginning to make a show of herself . she put a crown - shape party hat from the cracker onto alleline 's head . he brushes it off , anxious not to appear the fool . percy alleline ( cont 'd ) ( muttering ) for God 's sake Mary ... bill haydon , wear a crown from the cracker at a rakish angle , appear in the nick of time , lead alleline 's wife out for a dance , teasing the sullenness from she . they be good dancer . alleline relieved , crisis avert . 58 . 129a int . circus - fifth floor party - night 129a we find smiley trap in a conversation with a earnestly drunk deb . Control raise he arm above the melee . he 's still at the punch bowl . control smiley ? where 's Ann ? get I a lady of taste ? Ann will sort it out . smiley ( grateful to get away from the deb ) I will go find she . smiley thread he way through the party , walk amongst he colleague , enjoy himself ... Jerry westerby and connie sach be arm in arm , sing along to a song - " the second worst spy in the World . " they link smiley to they for a verse , other join in around they . the song segues into the Russian National anthem . the crowd sing lustily , many of they Russian -speak , enjoy the chance to sing with vigour . smiley walk on . behind he the song end to be replace by the charlie rich song we hear earlier . his p.o.v . - - one of the larger mother double up with laughter , pull a cracker with a flushed toby esterhase , hopelessly outweigh , but competitive to the finish . - roy bland with he plain wife , eyeing one of the pretty deb as she dance by . a mother take smiley by the hand and lead he briefly into the dance . smiley take a turn with she , and extricate himself . still smile ... 130 int . circus - fifth floor party - corridor - night 130 ... he walk down a dark corridor , the noise of the party fade away behind he . he stop see something in the shadow of a office . for a moment he do not understand what he 's see . reverse two shape lock in a embrace . smiley stand , nakedly absorb the body blow . then he turn and walk back to the heat and noise of the party . 59 . 131 ext . hampstead pond - day - present 131 smiley and guillam sit on a bench . smiley have he towel , hair wet from he swim . peter guillam you look tired . smiley consider tell guillam about tarr 's visit , but a instinct for secrecy win out . smiley yes . I do not sleep well . ( beat ) I want you to get something for I , Peter . I need the duty officer 's log book for last November . I be sorry , but I be go to have to send you up a floor , into the lion 's de . ( beat ) if you have the slight reservation ... peter guillam be feel sick to you stomach a slight reservation ? smiley if you be catch , Peter , you can not mention I . I be sorry , but you be alone . guillam nod . he get up and walk quickly away . after a moment a man rise from a nearby bench and saunter over . it 's mendel . mendel you be clean . nothing on you back . nothing on you conscience . 132 ext . circus - morning 132 a lorry roar past , wiping frame and revealing guillam arrive at the circus , carry he briefcase . he spring up the four step . 133 int . circus - ground -floor lobby - day 133 guillam be at the security gate at the dingy lobby . the security guard , Bryant , step from he box . Beyond he be the row of lift . bryant mister guillam ? how 's the family ? 60 . peter guillam Fine , Bryant . up to registry today . bryant okay sir . yellow one for the bag sir . Bryant stamp a pink chit and hand it to guillam , pull open the lift cage . he give he a yellow slip for the bag . guillam climb inside and begin to ascend , rattlingly slowly . as Bryant 's head disappear ... peter guillam time you oile this thing , be not it ? bryant ( o.s. ) we keep ask ... guillam examine the chit . he wipe he hand . for the first time we realize how nervous he be . Polished shoe appear as they reach the floor , then the uniform trousers of a short man . a self-important janitor . guillam step out and the janitor check guillam 's pink and yellow chit and motion he through a turnstile . then he stop he short . he gesture for guillam to raise he arm . peter guillam you be kid ? janitor pete New rule . guillam be briskly frisk . peter guillam mind the jewel . janitor pete Pen and watch sir . he hold up a box and guillam hand he he fountain pen and watch . the search over guillam set off down the corridor , unnerve by the task ahead - betray he own kind . bill haydon ( o.s. ) what the hell be you do up here ? guillam freeze . then he turn . it 's Bill haydon stand in a doorway , frown at he over he spectacle . a moment . 61 . peter guillam you do not look pleased to see I , Bill ? bill haydon why would I be ? you bloody pariah . then Bill grin , the grin transform he face . guillam smile back , relief mixing with real warmth . bill haydon ( cont 'd ) we like the scalp-hunter to know they place . on the second floor . peter guillam do some research . make a change from sit on my arse . bill haydon Heard it be quiet down there . peter guillam as the grave . whe n're you go to give we something to do ? bill haydon have not you hear ? Technology 's the future . no need for you ape anymore . I can get you a posting to Northern Ireland if that help get the blood racing . peter guillam thanks anyway . stick to sit on my arse . they have reach the end of the corridor . haydon peel away , a hand raise in farewell . 134 int . circus - reading room - day 134 guillam arrive at a counter which serve to block entry to the vast archive of file beyond . a janitor appear in the entrance . he push a book towards guillam to sign . janitor alwyn ( be : guillam 's bag ) want I to look after that for you , mister guillam ? peter guillam thanks ... 62 . janitor alwyn gotta give you a chit . the dolphin will kill I if I do not . New rule . peter guillam so , chit I . the janitor grin , slap a chit on the bag , raise the counter and guillam enter . 135 int . circus - reading room - day 135 a few researcher sit amongst stack of file . guillam be fill out requisition slip . behind the desk , a woman - sal - watch he . sal what you up to this weekend ? peter guillam ( rakish ) visit aunt . sal I will bet . she take the flimsy 's from the back of the slip and post they into she desk . sal ( cont 'd ) corridor D. she hand he back the top copy . sal ( cont 'd ) the two - eight be halfway on you right , the three - one be next alcove down . 136 ext . garage - day 136 mendel sit in he car , watch the garage fore - court . he look at he watch . 137 int . circus - archive - day 137 the lift cage we see earlier be be raise from the floor by a janitor at the winch . another janitor be remove file from it . radiating out from the lift cage be the shelf of file that make up the read room . 63. we find guillam move along the shelf read the fluorescent number card . he take a file out , leave he green slip in the bracket provide by each file . guillam look across at he real objective ... a row of anonymous look file on the next aisle - the archive duty officer's log - book , spine bear the year and month they cover . and in he way - a girl perch on a ladder , a man mend a radiator . the man turn round and stare straight at guillam . suddenly he point straight at he . for a moment guillam freeze , unnerve . then he glance over he shoulder and realise the man be communicate with another workman behind he . abruptly , guillam walk over to the file and swap it , keep the title close to he chest . he go back to he desk , a light film of sweat on he forehead . he sit , a pencil clamp between he tooth , wait ... from somewhere nearby come the sound of a phone ringing , then be answer . moment later ... janitor alwyn ( to guillam ) telephone sir . peter guillam ( as though distract ) oh to hell , who be it ? janitor alwyn outside line , sir . someone rough . the garage , I think , regard you car . guillam walk over to the counter , the steal file hugge to he chest . a locked BOX on a trolley be wheeled towards he and be open to reveal the outside line telephone . peter guillam ( into the phone ) hello ? ( beat ) well , damn . can not you do the bloody repair ? 138 ext . garage - day 138 mendel be use the office phone , a elderly german mechanic , stand outside guard the office door . in the background a pop tune be play on the radio . mendel can not be do sir , you be go to need a new gear box . 64 . 139 int . circus - reading room - day 139 on guillam ... peter guillam at least get on to the main dealer first ... 140 int . circus - monitor room - day 140 one of the mother be listen routinely in on the call , tape spool revolve , recording the conversation . the pop tune play , insidiously work its way into she head . she idly tap she pen along to the tune . peter guillam ( o.s. ) have you get the number ? 141 int . circus - reading room - day 141 peter guillam well , hold on ... he cup he hand over the mouthpiece ... peter guillam ( cont 'd ) ... alwyn ? Chuck I the bag a minute , will you ? alwyn get guillam 's bag and bring it over to he . peter guillam ( cont 'd ) thanks . alwyn go back to he post . guillam , still hugging the phone , take out a beige file from he bag and switch it with the one against he chest . he take a address book from the bag and find a number . peter guillam ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) 946-0335 . ok ? thanks . he hang up , hand the bag back to alwyn and step back into ... 142 int . circus - reading room - day 142 guillam retrace he step , place he dummy file in the pink stack , replace the one he place there in its original shelf , remember to take the green slip from the bracket . it 's do . guillam take the green slip and hand it to sal , who sign it and put it on its spike . guillam turn . 65 . toby esterhase be stand in front of he . unfriendly eye . toby esterhase could we see you Peter ? for a second guillam can not speak . toby esterhase ( cont 'd ) percy would like quite a urgent word with you . can you come now to the fifth floor ? that would be so kind . peter guillam of course . esterhase turn and guillam , mind whirring , follow he back out through the counter . peter guillam ( cont 'd ) ( to alwyn , inspire ) you might just throw that into the lift for I , mark it for the second floor , save I fill out more bloody chit ? janitor alwyn will do sir . 143 int . circus - fifth floor - outside alleline's office - day 143 the mother sit over they typewriter as guillam and esterhase walk through into the anteroom . percy alleline ( o.s. ) ( shouting from the other room ) esterhase , I will have no phone call , tell they ... toby esterhase the Chief will take no call , please , lady ... mother ( muttering ) we can hear . Toby hold the door open for guillam . toby esterhase we be have a conference . 66 . 144 int . circus - conference room - day 144 alleline sit in the baronial chair , bland at he leave . haydon on he right . esterhase trot over to he seat . guillam take in the report they all seem to have spread out in front of they . percy alleline ( reading ) well now young Peter guillam , be you ready for I finally ? guillam , affect ease , lean against the wall . percy alleline ( cont 'd ) what be you get up to down there this day , apart from chase we virgin ... guillam catch a smirk from esterhase - mock he ? peter guillam couple of arab ploy look quite promise . other than that , get quite good at ping -pong . percy alleline Arabs ... you can rent one but you can not buy one . right Bill ? he look up from the report . here it come ... percy alleline ( cont 'd ) how 's ricki tarr this day ? peter guillam ( not miss a beat ) Fine . we have tea at fortnum 's every afternoon . percy alleline I require the matter of you discussion with tarr . guillam shrug . peter guillam I will tell he . he will be thrilled . alleline let the silence build , rather like a bad actor . everyone be stare at guillam . percy alleline ( quietly ) what 's that shrug for ? he slam a hand on the desk , tea-cup rattling , a sudden roar . 67 . percy alleline ( cont 'd ) I be talk to you about a murderer . I be talk to you about a defector from you own damn section ! I be accuse you of consort with a enemy agent behind my back ! do not damn well shrug at I ! how would you like a term in prison ? guillam 's own temper come to he rescue . peter guillam but I have not be see he ! so get you fact straight and get off my back ! a moment , while the room digest this . a relaxation of the tension , as if he 's pass some kind of test . percy alleline so if I tell you that tarr have recently arrive in Paris would you be surprised ? peter guillam nothing would surprise I about tarr . percy alleline and if I tell you we happen to know that thirty thousand pound mysteriously appear in he bank account last month , would that surprise you ? this doe shock guillam , but he manage to hold on to he sullen expression . percy alleline ( cont 'd ) you man 's a defector , guillam . get turn by the opposition month ago and now they have send he back to we ! peter guillam what for ? percy alleline never mind what for ! to muddy the water , that 's what for ! spread a whole lot of damn nonsense to get we chase we tail ! the point be this - he 's head for home . the first peep from he you come to the grow -up , understand ? anyone you see at this table . but not another damn soul ! 68 . 145 int . circus - corridor - day 145 guillam be walk to the lift , we note he be now carry he bag . behind he roy bland be walk down the corridor . he peel off , turn leave , hum a tune to himself - the same pop song that be play at the garage in the background of guillam 's call . guillam react as he keep on walk , try to work out if this means something . we track with he as he anger and paranoia grow . 146 ext . garage - day 146 guillam drive down a alleyway full speed , screech to a halt as he reach a group of child play , edge past they and on into the car body repair shop . he get and stride past the elderly german mechanic we see earlier . mechanic ( german , subtitle ) he 's wait for you . guillam stride on , nerve at snap point , to the other end of the workshop where a vauxhall wait . behind he the mechanic and he son be already beginning to strip the plate off guillam 's car . 147 ext . garage - day 147 mendel appear by guillam 's side as they walk towards another wait car , guillam simmer with rage . mendel ( a faint smile ) all go smoothly do it ? ( beat ) where we off to ? peter guillam the hotel . I have to see George . mendel mister smiley be not at the hotel , sir . Change of venue . 148 int . control be flat - day 148 tarr sit in Control 's green velvet armchair watch tv . there 's a large tape recorder on the table behind he . we hear the door to the flat open . peter guillam ( o.s. ) George ? 69 . guillam hurry into the room , stop , see tarr . tarr give he sunny grin but he 's sweat , he eye full of tension . tarr hello , mister guillam , sorry I take so long to come back . guillam punch he in the face , drag he from the chair , the two struggle . behind they smiley and fawn appear . smiley watch coolly for a moment then signal fawn , who drag guillam off tarr , expertly pin he arm . fawn Excuse I , sir . guillam pull free angrily . smiley ricki 's be help we Peter . ( indicating tape deck ) he 's be tell we all about he adventure . peter guillam ( to smiley ) he 's a double , George ! there be no mole ! the whole thing 's a pack of lie think up by Moscow . Karla 's buy he for thirty thousand pound ! he pull the log book out of he file . peter guillam ( cont 'd ) ( to tarr ) I steal that , because of you ! I spy on my own . do you know how that make I feel ? smiley hold out he hand for the log book . smiley as you do take the trouble to steal it ... guillam hand he the book and smiley leaf through the page . smiley ( cont 'd ) ricki , you say you send the Circus a telegram concern irina 's information ? tarr sit up , wiping blood from he mouth . 70 . ricki tarr ( sullenly ) s'right . smiley what be the date ? tarr hesitates , consider . peter guillam he do not know because there be no telegram ! the whole thing ... ricki tarr November 20th . it would have be November 20th . even . smiley have find the right month . he flick through the date page - 18th November , 19th November ... he hold up the book - the next page have be cut out . smiley November 20th be miss . ( beat ) someone be cover they track Peter . unless you think that 's just a coincidence ? guillam look throw . peter guillam what about the money ? smiley thirty thousand be not so much for Karla to pay if it protect he mole . I be afraid someone in the Circus know all about mister tarr and be do everything they can to discredit he . guillam take the log book from smiley , run a thumb down the razore edge of the miss page . he notice some write on the next page . peter guillam ( reading ) " enquiry to the fifth floor . " smiley take the book again , examine the note . smiley you recognize that handwrite ? ( beat ) that 's Toby esterhase . 71 . 149 ext . HOTEL islay - evening 149 smiley and guillam pull up in front of the hotel . they sit , in weary silence , stare up at the unprepossessing building . peter guillam why do not you tell I ? that you have tarr ? smiley look at he . guillam read the look correctly . peter guillam ( cont 'd ) in case I do not make it out of the Circus ... smiley secrecy be a habit . guillam rub he eye . peter guillam I should get some rest . and I suppose you should get you read do . smiley nod . do not move . 150 int . HOTEL islay - smiley' room - night 150 the two man be finish off a bottle of scotch . unusually , smiley be drunk - a result of the alcohol and the lack of sleep . guillam lie on one of the single bed , stare at the photograph of the four suspect smiley have pin on he chessmen . peter guillam I be sorry . smiley what for ? peter guillam I want to believe tarr be lie . ( beat ) all this time , think I be fight a war . it 's a sham . Karla win year ago and we do not even know it . smiley watch guillam , estimate how badly all of this be affect he . smiley ( beat ) I meet he once . Karla . ( more ) 72 . smiley ( cont 'd ) in fifty - five . Moscow Centre be in piece . purge after purge . half they Agents be jump ship and I travel around signing they up . hundred of they . guillam raise himself up on a elbow , listen . smiley ( cont 'd ) one of they be call himself gerstmann . he be on he way back to Russia , and we be pretty sure he be go to be execute . plane have a twenty - four lay over at Delhi , and that 's how long I have to convince he to come over to we instead of go home to die . smiley stare at the room around , project he memory of the Delhi cell onto they present surroundings . smiley ( cont 'd ) Little room ... I be sit here ... he 's sit there ... he point to a empty chair in front of he . smiley ( cont 'd ) the Americans have have he torture . he hold up he right hand . smiley ( cont 'd ) no fingernails . it 's incredibly hot . I be very tired and all I want to do be get this over with and get back home . thing be not go well with Ann . guillam flinch a little , but smiley do not notice , lose now in the past . smiley ( cont 'd ) I give he the usual pitch ... come to the West and we can give you a comfortable life . after question . or you can catch you plane and fly home and be shot , like bykov , shur , muranov ... he stare at the chair as if expect a answer , and slightly drunkenly guillam find himself turn to the chair for a response . 73. peter guillam ( beat ) what do he say ? smiley do not answer - stare at the chair - the silence stretch - it 's all become a little surreal . smiley ( to the chair ) think of you wife . you have a wife , do not you ? I bring you some cigarettes , by the way . he mime place cigarettes on a invisible table , between he and the chair . smiley ( cont 'd ) use my lighter . he mime place the lighter beside the cigarettes . smiley ( cont 'd ) " we could arrange for she to join you , we have a lot of stock to trade . if you go back , she will be ostracise . think of she . think about how much she ... " he break off in sudden impatience with himself . smiley ( cont 'd ) kept harping on about the damn wife ! telling he more about I , than ... should have walk out , of course , but for some reason ... it seem important to save this one . ( beat ) so I go on . " know you be a chain - smoker , help yourself , " " we be not so very different you and I .. " he make a vague " etcetera " gesture , stare at ... the empty chair ... something unsettle about it , as if somehow it be acquire the ghostly presence of karla . smiley ( cont 'd ) ( to the chair ) look , we have both spend we life look for the weakness in one another 's system . do not you think it 's time to recognise there be as little worth on you side as there be on mine ? 74 . silence . smiley sit back , drop the game . smiley ( cont 'd ) never say a word . not one word . next morning he get back on he plane , give the pack of cigarettes back to I , untouched - this be a chain -smoker , mind - and fly off to what he presume would be he death . he keep my lighter . it be a gift - " to George , from Ann . all my love . " guillam be still stare at the chair , a little awe -struck . peter guillam that be Karla ? and he fly back to die rather than give in ? smiley yes . ( beat ) and that 's how I know he can be beat . because he 's a fanatic . and the fanatic be always conceal a secret doubt . peter guillam what do he look like ? smiley that 's the thing . ( beat ) I can not remember . he stand up , cross to the window , embarrassed by what he have to say next . smiley ( cont 'd ) after today , Peter you have to assume they be watch you . if there 's anything you need tidy up ... now 's the time . guillam stare at he , realise what he 's talk about . 151 int . guillam' flat - night 151 guillam and he boyfriend richard sit at the table , Richard work he way through a stack of essay . guillam stare at he . richard ( without look up ) nearly do . he score a red line down a piece of work . 75 . richard ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) for godsake ... I think they be all share the same moronic brain . he notice the way guillam be stare at he and he smile fade . later : richard , bewilder and upset , be pack he belonging . he walk past guillam , stop . richard ( cont 'd ) ( with dignity ) if there 's someone else , you can tell I . I be a grown-up . guillam do not say anything . Richard put the flat key on the side table and leave . guillam , stare after he one time lover , heart - break . 152 ext . thursgood school - day 152 prideaux 's blue alvis bump and jolt towards we across the play field , a exhilated roach at the wheel . roach ( brake ) time sir ? prideaux and the rest of the class stand at the " finish line , " but prideaux be stare down to a line of beech - tree , where a man be walk . it 's mendel . prideaux ( quietly ) get you specs on jumbo ? roach yes , sir . prideaux who 's the fellow down there ? roach stare at the stranger eagerly . roach ( disappointed ) do not know sir . prideaux who be he ? beggarman ? thief ? why do not he look this way ? ( more ) 76 . prideaux ( cont 'd ) would not you look if you see a bunch of boy flog a car around a field ? do not he like boy ? anyone see he again , let I know . do not hold with odd bod hang about . might steal the alvis , which be ...? CLASS ( by rote ) best car in England ! they dissolve into laughter , but roach be still anxiously watch prideaux , note how he expression have darken . 153 omitted 153 154 int . circus - scalphunter - pool table - day 154 belinda , the deb we meet earlier , be do up she blouse . she 's teary and also a little excited that man be fight over she . belinda stop it ! stop it ! kaspar have guillam pin against the wall and be punch he . guillam accept the blow with a bloody grin . something of the school yard fight about it , as the other scalphunter gather around , ostensibly to break it , up but clearly enjoy the distraction . one of they be try to pull kaspar off and , catch by a blow , join in - the fight escalate as other join in the struggle . kaspar keep you bloody hand off she ! he kick at guillam , who fall . belinda give a shriek of alarm . scalphunter Christ 's sake , do not fight over a bit of skirt ! guillam lie on the floor take another kick , but he face , turn to we , register only relief . job do . 155 ext . casino - day 155 Bright morning sunshine . smiley and guillam walk up concrete step of a casino building - very modern , impose . 77 . man' voice ( o.s. ) have not see many of the boy and girl for a while , matter of fact . 156 int . casino - casino floor - day 156 smiley , guillam and the genial jerry westerby be sit at a blackjack table . the casino be empty , a cleaner vacuum in the background . jerry westerby but that 's the way it be , George , be not it ? when you be out , you be out . too much of this stuff . he point to a drink on the table before he . jerry westerby ( cont 'd ) ( a old joke between they ) too much wampum not good for brave . how . smiley ( oblige ) how . ( beat ) I need to talk to you about the night Jim prideaux be kill , Jerry . you be duty officer , be not you ? westerby look at they both . jerry westerby yes . Control ask I to man the phone that night . Said someone be do a special job for the service . he want someone from outside he could trust . if anything come in , I be to tell he and only he . 157 int . circus - evening - past 157 westerby walk down the corridor . we pass office - drawer pull open , waste paper bin stand on desk - the end of day ritual . 158 int . circus - duty officer room - night 158 westerby be follow a horse race on the radio . a dirty plate in front of he . he drink from a can of beer . 78 . 159 int . circus - duty officer room - night 159 westerby be asleep . the Circus be deathly quiet , nothing stir . then ... a phone begins to ring . 160 int . circus - control' office - night 160 Control sit surround by file . a dim green lamp on he desk the only illumination . he look ill , tense with wait . cigarette stub pile in the ashtray . he listen to the solitary phone below he in the building . then it be join by a second . then a third ... Control listen , nerve stretch to they limit . from just outside - the sound of someone run up the wooden staircase . a knock . jerry westerby ( enter ) be a bit of a panic , sir . Control raise he head . jerry westerby ( cont 'd ) from the fo resident clerk ... a hungarian news bulletin , sir . ( reading ) british spy , work - name Ellis , travel with false hungarian papers , have attempt to kidnap a unnamed hungarian general in budapest . he 's be shot , other arrest imminent ... Control stare at he , stand unsteadily , begin to put on he coat . jerry westerby ( cont 'd ) can I have a brief , please ? Sir ? do you want I to deny it ? control stare at he , lose . jerry westerby ( cont 'd ) I have to have a brief sir ? 161 int . circus - duty officer room - night 161 westerby be on the phone . jerry westerby Ann ? I be sorry to bother you . be George back yet ? 79 . 162 int . casino - casino floor - night - present 162 westerby and smiley sit opposite each other . smiley you ring my house ? jerry westerby just on the off chance you be back from Berlin . smiley what do you say ? jerry westerby just that there would be a bit of a crisis . she say you be not back yet . that be it . smiley go on . jerry westerby all hell break loose - military yell about hungarian tank movement on the border , lacon and the Minister bay at the door . thank Christ Bill haydon turn up when he do . 163 int . circus - night - past 163 pushing bill haydon as he walk up the corridor towards the duty room , cut a swathe through the people gather outside . bill haydon get out . the room clear . Bill sit down . he pull out all the phone line , decisive , take charge . kick the door shut . bill haydon ( cont 'd ) tell I . jerry westerby I try to get hold of you ... bill haydon I just pick up half a story on the ticker - tape at my club ... tell I . jerry westerby Jim prideaux 's be shot . 80 . haydon go white . haydon get I the hungarian embassy . jerry westerby ( with relief ) yes sir ... later : haydon be on the phone . bill haydon you go and tell you Masters what will happen if one hair on Jim prideaux 's head be damage ... he cover the receiver , turn to westerby . bill haydon ( cont 'd ) get esterhase on the phone . tell he to pull in the hungarian agent , anyone we be onto . tell he to get down to the London School of economics , sandbag some bloody student and put they on ice at sarratt . later : westerby watch haydon on the phone from the door . haydon listen to a voice for a moment , then hang up . he stand , he back to westerby . jerry westerby any more news on he ? haydon do not turn around , head bow . jerry westerby ( cont 'd ) Bill ? ( beat ) oh God , be he ...? for a moment it look like haydon will not answer but then he seem to master he emotion . bill haydon we need to go to he flat . clear out anything link . 164 int . prideaux be flat - night 164 haydon walk around the neat room . a bike up on the wall , a pair of muddy climb boot on a newspaper , wait to be clean . haydon walk past a shelf - photograph and book . he stop , pick up a unframe black and white snap from the shelf . it 's a picture of himself . 81 . haydon stand with he back to we , possibly cry . westerby turn thoughtfully away . 165 omitted 165 166 omitted 166 167 int . london - wimpy - night 167 smiley and guillam sit eat side by side at a bar , smiley examine the hamburger - he first - doubtfully . guillam be think about what he 's just be tell . peter guillam haydon hear the news at he club ? smiley be distant ... smiley the saville . peter guillam at one - thirty ? the ticker - tape would not be run . guillam sit , mind racing . peter guillam ( cont 'd ) so how do he know ? oh Jesus , George ... smiley Peter ... peter guillam Jesus Christ . haydon ? how could he have know ? smiley it 's not he , Peter . peter guillam then how do he know ? smiley ( gently ) because he be at my house that night . with ann. guillam do not know what to say . they sit in a hideously awkward silence . 82. smiley ( cont 'd ) ( of the hamburger ) I quite like this . 167a int . smiley' house - bedroom - night - past 167a the phone on the nightstand start to ring . a woman 's hand reach into frame and pick it up . woman' voice ( o.s. ) hello ? ( beat ) oh hello Jerry . no I be afraid George be not back yet . in the bed beside she we see Bill haydon . 168 ext . london street - night 168 a black cab pull up at the light . another black cab pull alongside it . the two driver acknowledge each other , chat as the light change to red , but in no hurry to move . a impatient woman passenger flick a look at the passenger in the opposite cab , want to share this moment of passenger outrage . we see alleline be profile stare stonily ahead . we follow he cab as it peel off into a familiar street , drive towards the house where we meet polyakov . 169 ext . hampstead pond - day 169 smiley slip into the water . it 's late afternoon . very still and calm . very few swimmer . smiley 's head break the surface , dip in , break the surface ... 170 ext . hampstead pond - day 170 smiley sit on a platform with he back to we , drying off from he swim , look out over the water . a man' head appear , swim up to the platform through the reed . a old queen , he face almost purple with the cold . he cling to the edge of the platform for a moment . old man just in case it 's of interest , dear . we be observe . Old filth in the bush . not very subtle but there you be ... 83. he swim away . the wind lift up a little , rustling the tree and bush around the pond . we stay on smiley , watch and alone . 171 omitted 171 172 omitted 172 173 omitted 173 174 int . smiley' house - day 174 smiley walk into he hallway , pick up the mail pile on the floor . he cross to the draw room , still look at the mail . the door be a little ajar and through the open we catch a flash of movement in the room beyond - a couple in a passionate embrace , glimpse for a moment before they disappear out of sight . we can hear what may be they love - make . and a record be playing . the same charlie rich track smiley react to in the islay Hotel . smiley stare at the mail in he hand as if unwilling to look up . he push open the door and move into ... 175 int . smiley' house - day 175 ... which be empty . he sit in a armchair , start open some letter . a figure walk past smiley abruptly . smiley do not look up . bill haydon ( o.s. ) good flight ? smiley look up . bill haydon sit in the armchair opposite in shirt and trousers , sock , no shoe . he sip a cup of tea . no sense of have be catch in a act of adultery . 176 int . smiley' house - day - past 176 back on smiley ... who be now wear a raincoat and we realise we be in fracture memory of ... 84 . the past smiley yes . pleasant enough . bill haydon I be just pass , think I would call in . Ann be in bed but she insisted on get up . she say she will be down in a minute . smiley glance at a half - wrap oil painting lie against a chair . bill haydon ( cont 'd ) that 's what I be drop off . 177 int . smiley' house - day 177 smiley stand in front of the muddy - look abstract painting we see earlier . it 's now on the wall . bill haydon ( o.s. ) awful daub really but Ann express a like ... what 's keep she ? we hold on smiley but hear haydon leave the room , a whispered conference in the hall between haydon and Ann . p.o.v . - from the door - George with he back to we , stare fixedly at the picture , listen to the whisper behind he back . 178 omitted 178 178a int . prideaux caravan - evening 178a prideaux lie on he bed . there be a tap at the door . roach ( o.s. ) Sir ? jim prideaux come in , roach . roach walk in . jim prideaux ( cont 'd ) think you be in sick bay ? what be you ... he stop , see the anxiety on the boy 's face . 85 . jim prideaux ( cont 'd ) what be it , jumbo ? roach Sir there 's a stranger park down on the road . he 's just sit there . he dissolves into tear . prideaux crouch beside he . prideaux ( gently ) it 's alright , old fella . do not cry . nobody ever watch like you , do they ? off you go , now . roach be you go to have to leave ? prideaux stare at he . jim prideaux I will be fine . you get back to bed . roach wipe he eye and leave . as soon as the door be close prideaux crawl under the little chest of drawer , grimace with pain , work a arm further in ... there be a faint SOUND - someone on the step outside . with a final effort prideaux rip he rifle free from its hide place , still trail tape , and roll to face the door , gun in hand . silence . then ... a knock at the door . prideaux aim the gun ... the door open ... 179 omitted 179 180 int . control be flat - night - past 180 ... to reveal Control peer out at we . he step aside and allow a pre-injury prideaux to enter . 181 int . control be flat - night 181 the flat smiley visit . Control lead prideaux into the same room - the green armchair , surround by mound of file and papers , over - flow ashtray , the detritus of a obsession . the five photograph of face fix to the chess piece before he . Control , a walk corpse , lower himself into the armchair , motion prideaux to take another seat . 86 . control you be not follow ? prideaux sit , presume the question be rhetorical . control ( cont 'd ) trust no - one , Jim . especially not in the main stream . what hungarian identity do you still have run ? prideaux andras benedek , hungarian journalist base in Paris . Control nod thoughtfully . then ... control if you be catch , you keep I out of it . you be act alone , bit of private Enterprise . understood ? prideaux watch he , very still . control ( cont 'd ) I have have a offer of service . a hungarian General . want to come over . I want you to meet he . he have information I need , Jim . prideaux what information ? control rocketry . ballistics . bit of politics . something in he manner alert prideaux . prideaux what else ? control ( beat ) treasure . he have treasure . the name of the mole Moscow Centre have plant at the top of the Circus . prideaux 's face do not change , but he 's wonder if the rumour could be true and Control really have go mad . control ( cont 'd ) there 's a rotten apple Jim and we have to find it . laboriously he lean forward to the chess set . 87 . control ( cont 'd ) I be so close I can almost feel he heart beat . I know it 's one of five man . all I want from you be one word . he point to the photograph of percy alleline . control ( cont 'd ) alleline - tinker . ( point at the next photo ) haydon - tailor . bland - soldier . we drop sailor , it 's too close to tailor . ( point at next photo ) esterhase - poorman . 182 int . prideaux caravan - night - present 182 prideaux sit with he visitor - smiley - recalling the meeting . he 's drink vodka . smiley which mean I be ...? prideaux you be beggarman . smiley nod . just a flicker of the eye show we that this be painful for he to hear . smiley what do you make of it , Jim ? Control 's theory ? prideaux ( stiff ) I think it be madness . to think any one of you could have be a traitor ... madness . smiley be watch he intently - sure he 's hide something . smiley but still you go ? risking you life for a mission you think be absurd ? why ? prideaux do not answer . smiley ( cont 'd ) perhaps some part of you want to know if Control be right ? want to know if there be a mole , who it might be ? prideaux shoot he a dangerous look . 88. prideaux ( hard ) I go because Control ask I to go . it 's call do one 's duty . 183 int . budapest - train station - day - past 183 prideaux climb off he train and walk down the platform towards we . he pause for a moment , draw a hungarian newspaper from he pocket . as he do so he glance at the other passenger walk past he . two women and a man , all apparently travel alone , the shoe they be wear - brown suede boot , fur line black plastic boot and the man - a pair of black galoshes . prideaux walk on , tapping the paper against he leg . 184 int . budapest - galeria - day 184 the scene from the open of the film . the waiter put down prideaux 's plate , a drop of sweat from he forehead hit the table . he look at the droplet , fake a smile for the magyar , look after the waiter , scan the floor around he ... he p.o.v . - there it be - one of the woman be wear the black plastic boot . her coat be different and she 's wear a fur hat now - but the shoe be the one thing the surveillance agent do not have time to change . prideaux glance up at the apartment window above , see the old woman , start to rise ... as we CUT to : the shot - ... punch into he back , prideaux fall forward ... as we CUT to : prideaux be p.o.v. that shoe again , step in the water and blood on the floor , pass we at eye-level . grouping and regroup as the operation come to a end . the noise in the background come to we mute and very faint . faintly , a baby be cry , a ambulance siren be wail . hand appear and we be roll onto a stretcher and lift up to chest level where we seem to float past the face of the magyar and the other officer , smoking cigarettes by the door , and out towards the open door of a wait ambulance . 89 . 185 int . budapest - galeria - day 185 we be sly into the back of the ambulance as though into the drawer of a morgue . and snap to black . 186 int . lubyanka prison - cell - day 186 we be look at the back of prideaux 's head , hair damp with sweat , shoulder tremble . we pull out and find prideaux , a filthy dress cover the wound on he back . the cell he be in have filthy , heavily padded wall , like a straitjacket . from a speaker in the ceiling come a madden jag drine . light blaze down ... smiley ( v.o. ) what do you tell they ? 187 int . lubyanka prison - corridor - day 187 prideaux , in too much pain to walk , be be drag down a brightly light corridor towards a interrogation room at the far end . he be take inside , the door close behind he . prideaux ( v.o. ) everything . 188 int . thursgood school - classroom - night - present 188 smiley stand stare at the owl prideaux kill , which be now stuff , keep guard from the top of a bookshelf . prideaux sit at a desk drink the vodka . prideaux I hold on as long as I could , to give everyone else time to get the hell out of there . ( beat ) do they ? smiley seem to have be think about something else , look at he , puzzle . prideaux ( cont 'd ) my network in hungary . do they get out ? smiley ( beat ) no . they be blow . the story be you blow they to save you own skin . 90 . prideaux nod , make a odd gesture as if he 's about to rise , but do not move . his expression have not change , but inside he something have just be decide . smiley ( cont 'd ) what be you last line of defence ? prideaux the mole . Control 's crazy theory . I be go to bury that so deep , they would never get it out of I . which be a joke . smiley why ? prideaux because they already know . they want to know how far Control have get in he investigation . smiley what else ? prideaux Circus gossip . be percy 's wife still drink , who be bland screwing in the office . that sort of thing . smiley do they ask about I at all ? prideaux one of they do . smiley become very still . smiley what do he say about I ? prideaux he have a cigarette lighter . kept flash it round for I to see . show I the inscription . " to George , from Ann . all my love . " he reckone after Bill 's fling with she , she might want to change the inscription . smiley do not flicker . prideaux ( cont 'd ) ( still look to the side ) I tell he to go to hell . ( more ) 91 . prideaux ( cont 'd ) if they have one man like Bill haydon they could call it set and match ! smiley ( beat , quietly ) that be well say . they sit in silence for a moment . smiley button he coat , finish here . smiley ( cont 'd ) try and put it all behind you , Jim . he make to leave . prideaux he give I a cigarette . prideaux look down at he hand . smiley Jim ? prideaux still do not look up . prideaux I think it be my last one . 189 omitted 189 190 omitted 190 191 omitted 191 192 int . lubyanka prison - cell - day - past 192 a concrete bunker of a room . prideaux be stand in a slab of watery sunshine that fall from a sky - light above . he 's smoking , try to control the tremble in he hand . prideaux p.o.v . - the patch of sunshine only extend a few yard in front of he . the rest of the room be in granite shadow . the sense of other people watch from the shadow . the sound of a door open and someone be lead in . a woman walk across the dark room and into the slab of light , blink as she do so . it 's irina . her hair be loose and dishevel about she face . a man' voice come from further back in the darkness ... 92 . man' voice ( Russian accent ) do you know this woman ? prideaux look at she . frown . another voice murmur in Russian . irina pin she hair up in the way we see before . prideaux I do not know she . she look at prideaux and give a small polite smile , as though good manners be go to save she . irina I ... a guard step out of the shadow and shoot she in the head , the shot thunderous in the room . it 's horribly unexpected , and prideaux jerk backward , bewilder and appal . man' voice ( o.s. ) tell percy alleline what we do . 193 ext . HOTEL islay - guillam be car - night - present 193 p.o.v . - through windscreen ... rain lash down , obscure we view . prideaux ( v.o. ) do you know who she be ? smiley ( v.o. ) ( cold ) nobody you need concern yourself with . a unfortunate ... reverse - we see guillam and smiley be sit in the park car in the rain . smiley ( cont 'd ) he say when he get out , when he be be debrief at the nursery , he have a visitor . peter guillam who ? smiley Toby esterhase . 93. 194 ext . sarratt - day - past 194 ... prideaux stand watch a small , dapper figure crossing the grounds towards he - toby esterhase . a man who 's come up in the world . 195 ext . HOTEL islay - guillam be car - night - present 195 smiley he give he a thousand pound . told he he be dead now and could not come back . have to become a Lotus eater - forget everything that happen - Control 's theory , tinker , tailor ... all of it . guillam stare at he , alert . smiley ( cont 'd ) yes , that 's what I think . how on earth do esterhase hear about " tinker , tailor ? " 196 ext . HOTEL islay - night 196 smiley get out of the car , into the rain . look around he , uneasy . peter guillam you alright ? smiley will you watch my back , Peter ? look out for a solo . just a feel I have have . peter guillam yes , George . I will watch . guillam watch as smiley head off into the gloom . 197 int . HOTEL islay - smiley' room - night 197 smiley stare at the chess board - a complex pattern of related figure . he turn back to the tape-deck , put the headphone on , press play : smiley ( o.s. ) ( over headphone ) what exactly do irina say ? 94 . ricki tarr ( over headphone ) she say there be a General , work - name polyakov who be station in London . and that polyakov 's real job be to service the mole . he meet he regularly and take back information the mole give he for Karla . smiley press stop . he press re- wind , watch the tape spool backward . he go too far , press fast - forward , watch the tape reverse direction . and , at this moment , we can tell from he expression , a piece of the jig-saw fall into place . 198 omitted 198 199 int . ministerial meeting room - day 199 lacon and smiley be meeting with the minister . minister this meeting be not take place . be that clear ? smiley perfectly , Minister . ( beat ) there be a house , somewhere in this city , where alleline and the other meet witchcraft 's London representative . I need the address of that house . minister I do not know what you be talk about . smiley stare at he . minister ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) I do not know the address . and I fail to see the ... I think lacon have make it clear to you , keep you nose bloody - well out of witchcraft 's business ! smiley ( calmly ) it 's lacon 's advice I be follow . ( to lacon ) you tell I to follow in Control 's footstep . 95 . minister ( snap ) well , I would not consider that sound advice , after the bloody mess Control leave we with . it 's take alleline - and , if I may say so , myself - this long to get we back into the race . smiley I be glad you take some of the credit . lacon glance sharply at smiley - there 's something different about he , he tone ... smiley ( cont 'd ) the man alleline and the other meet be call polyakov . you believe he role be to bring information from witchcraft to you . his real role be to receive information from the mole to take back to Karla . he have the Minister 's full attention now . a long silence . minister that 's ... that 's not possible . smiley make possible . by you . when he steal we secret he do it under the very nose of the Circus , in the house which you persuade the treasury to pay for . I be sure you will be able to take full credit for that . minister ( appall ) witchcraft 's intelligence be genuine ! it 's be gold ! smiley just enough glitter , amongst the chicken - feed . Control do not believe in miracle and he do not believe in witchcraft . but you be lazy and you be greedy and so you hound he out of the Circus and you let Karla in . his voice be still calm , but it 's clear what 's different now . there 's a quiet fury in he . the Minister be ashen . 96 . minister oh God ... we can not be make to look like fuck fool again ! forget Europe , if we have the black man get to hear about this on walla - wallah News ! what if we find the mole and we move he sideways , some department where he can not do any harm ? be the kremlin likely to boast about this ? lacon not in they interest sir . they need the enemy to look like a threat ... minister well , tell they to play the game . we do not go crow about they fuck -up ! in they panic , both man be address each other , momentarily forget smiley . smiley ( suddenly ) we be not the prize . we be the bait . they turn to he . smiley ( cont 'd ) you have open negotiation to exchange intelligence with the Americans . what they tell the Circus , they will be tell the kremlin . witchcraft 's information , the " gold " Karla let you have ? it be not to lure you . it be to lure the Americans . now , do you want to take credit for that ? lacon and the Minister stare at smiley . minister what can we do ? smiley we have one thing the mole want . 200 omitted 200 97 . 201 int . control be flat - day 201 close on a belligerent tarr , confidence regain . ricki tarr if I go ... peter guillam you will go ... ricki tarr ... I want you word you will get irina back . do not care who you have to trade . I want a family . do not wanna end up like you lot ... he look at smiley , then he give guillam a know look , as though deliberately provoking he . guillam absorb the slur but he eye be hard . ricki tarr ( cont 'd ) we be gonna live in Paris out of you hair . you will get she back ? again a flash of the coldness in smiley . smiley ( beat ) I will do my utmost , ricki . 202 int . / ext . circus - day 202 on lift door : the door open to reveal toby esterhase , chat to a janitor . esterhase's p.o.v. guillam , stand by he car - hold the door open . 203 ext . london street - guillam be car - day 203 guillam be drive . the radio be on . the car pull up on the roadside and two people climb in the back . it 's smiley and fawn . guillam speed off . nobody speak . esterhase sit stiff , mind - whirring , uncomfortably aware of fawn 's unsettle presence behind he . 98 . 204 ext . abandoned airfield - day 204 tracking shot - pushing esterhase ... as he stumble through the muddy airfield . a vast , empty space all around . Toby start to turn , but ... smiley ( o.s. ) keep walk please . Toby stumble on . smiley ( cont 'd ) I want to talk about loyalty Toby . Control recruit you when you be try to escape from hungary do not he ? a want man . save you from a kgb bullet , do not he ? and yet , when the time come , when it come to pick side between he and alleline , you do not hesitate ? understandable perhaps , with you war experience . you have survive this long , I suppose , because of you ability to change side , serve any master ? faintly we hear the low drine of a approach engine . esterhase scan the horizon , lock on the black speck in the sky - a aircraft fly towards they . esterhase watch the approach with mount anxiety . toby esterhase what ... what 's this about George ? smiley it 's about which master you have be serve , Toby . 205 int . circus - day - past 205 a file be place in a briefcase - we can see now that the hand in the frame belong to esterhase . he check the corridor be clear ... 206 ext . abandoned airfield - day - present 206 ... as he and guillam drive esterhase on . smiley Intelligence have be leak , Toby . someone 's be take file from the Circus ... 99 . 207 int . circus - ground -floor lobby - day - past 207 esterhase leave the Circus , Bryant politely wishing he good night . 208 ext . abandoned airfield - day - present 208 ... eye fix on the plane as it roar down towards they . toby esterhase this be a mistake George , this be all ... smiley the file be deliver to a Russian attache , be not they ? 209 int . safe house - meeting room - evening - past 209 ... esterhase hold up the document for polyakov to photograph . whir ... click .... 210 ext . abandoned airfield - day - present 210 toby esterhase yes . and yes , I deliver they . 211 ext . safe house - day - past 211 alleline get out of the cab by the railing ... the dog bark from inside the house ... toby esterhase ( v.o. ) ... but so do percy ... 211a int . safe house - ground floor - night 211a haydon walk past Mrs mccraig and head up the stair to the empty room ... toby esterhase ... and Bill ... 211b int . safe house - meeting room - day 211b Roy bland sit in front of polyakov , hold up the document for polyakov to photograph - whir ... click .... toby esterhase and Roy ... 100 . 212 ext . abandoned airfield - day - present 212 esterhase can not tear he eye away from the propeller plane descend onto the runway ahead of they . toby esterhase thing be not always what they seem . you know that George . Moscow think polyakov 's work for they , so , every now and then we give he the odd file to take back to they , just chicken - feed , keep he boss happy . but polyakov 's we Joe , part of a big operation ... smiley operation witchcraft ? yes , I know . esterhase stop , turn to look at smiley . toby esterhase why be we here ? why be we ...? guillam give he a sudden violent shove in the back . esterhase straighten himself , run a palm through he hair , real fear on he face now . toby esterhase ( cont 'd ) I do not ... I do not deserve this . I do not deserve this George ! smiley who give you the message for Jim to forget about tinker tailor ? toby esterhase bland ! smiley to get rid of connie sach ? westerby ? toby esterhase bland or haydon . I do not remember . one of they . maybe percy . I do not know who . smiley you be just the messenger ? running between they all . anything to serve witchcraft ? esterhase flinch again . 101 . smiley ( cont 'd ) I know all about you secret source . and I know something you do not . I know who he be . ( beat ) he 's Karla . esterhase turn to look at they in horror . guillam push he again . the plane have taxi to a halt ahead of they . unmark . something sinister about it . 213 omitted 213 214 int . safe house - ground floor - day - past 214 ... in the London House , spool turn . we hear the familiar click ... whir of polyakov 's camera ... 215 int . safe house - meeting room - day 215 polyakov be photograph ... nothing . the table in front of he be empty , the shoot just a pantomime for the microphone above . as he continue to shoot we see the mystery man sit across the table from he . he take out a canister of develop film and pass it to polyakov . smiley ( v.o. ) one of you have be give polyakov the Crown jewel . 216 ext . abandoned airfield - day - present 216 ... stand on the airfield . toby esterhase I do not know . I swear I ... smiley be you still a want man , Toby ? Toby look back at the plane , almost hysterical . toby esterhase George ...! smiley you pick the wrong side , Toby . toby esterhase ( cry ) George , you have get to believe I . I would never ... I be loyal , George . I be loyal ! smiley watch he cry for a moment , he face impassive . 102 . smiley give I the address . where do you meet polyakov ? 217 ext . safe house - day 217 a terrace of flat - fronted nineteenth century house one of they the house we have already visit . a car draw up before one of they and smiley , fawn and guillam get out and head for the front door . 218 int . safe house - ground floor 218 the man be fan out , fawn and guillam head into the kitchen . smiley walk upstairs , dogge by the housekeeper - mrs mccraig - not at all happy with the invasion . smiley what be the safety signal ? mrs mccraig there 's a air duct . open and all 's well . close and you be not to enter . 219 int . safe house - meeting room - day 219 they enter the empty room . smiley where be the mike , Mrs mccraig ? she point at the candelabra . smiley ( cont 'd ) and what 's the procedure ? mrs mccraig whenever the gentleman be meeting I record the session . the tape be send back to the Circus . from downstairs come the crash of furniture be move , room searched . mrs mccraig ( cont 'd ) what be they do ? they should not be move thing ! the authority in smiley 's voice stop she . 103 . smiley if you be at all worried you can call lacon from the basement phone . let 's try the tape recorder shall we ? 220 int . safe house - ground floor - day 220 close on tape recorder - spool slowly revolving over the recorder we can hear guillam' voice recite something from childhood , from the room above . peter guillam ( o.s. ) the boy stand on the burn deck whence all but he have fle . the flame that light the battle wreck , shine round he o'er the dead ... smiley be listen . peter guillam' voice ... yet beautiful and bright he stand ... 221 ext . paris - STREET - evening 221 establish shot of a street in Paris . a squat yorkshireman - mackelvore - walk out of a nearby restaurant and get into a car . out of nowhere tarr suddenly appear , climb into the passenger side , ramming a gun into he side . 222 int . paris - apartment - paris residency - night 222 mackelvore lead tarr into a grand but dilapidate apartment . a elderly frenchman - ex-resistance - look up from he evening meal as the two pass . macklevore ( in french ) Guest from London Station , monsieur fourcade . the frenchman grunt a greeting , turn back to he supper . mackelvore ( as they walk on ) the whole service be look for you , ricki . they will skin you alive if they find you . 104 . ricki tarr ( mildly ) maybe I want they to find I . mackelvore frown . they reach a door which he open to reveal a steel door beyond . he press a bell and a hatch in the door slide open and a young man 's face appear . this be BEN . he slide open a bolt , a double lock , and let they into a ... 223 int . paris - cypher room - night 223 mackelvore you can go home now , Ben . leave the book where they be and put the key into the machine . I will be talk to London presently under my own steam . BEN okay boss . tarr take out he gun . ricki tarr ( flat ) Ben stay here . 224 int . paris - cypher room - night 224 tarr stand over mackelvore , who be send a message to the Circus . ricki tarr ( dictating ) ricki tarr claim to have further information vital to the safeguard of the Circus . 225 int . london - tailor be shop near circus - night 225 a dark workroom . we track through a crowd of tailor dummy . some of the dummy be drape in clothes , some just shape in the darkness . as though we be move through a room full of spie . by a great dome window , occasionally wash with yellow from the traffic outside , we find mendel , he back to we stare out . 105 . mendel be p.o.v . - the circus across the road . a taxi pull up a few yard away from the circus door . we see a man clamber out . it 's percy alleline . mendel ( into phone ) tinker ... 226 int . safe house - listening room - night 226 smiley sit on a armchair , light by a harsh over - head light . smiley ( into phone ) how 's he look ? mendel ( o.s. ) busy . smiley put the receiver on the arm of the chair , take off he shoe and in he stock foot cross the room . as he do so he spool out a washing line , tie it to the far door knob . 227 ext . safe house - tow path - night 227 guillam , wait on the tow-path look back at the house . someone , presumably smiley , be move through the house , turn the light off until it be in complete darkness . mendel ( o.s. ) tailor ... a torch light flash once from a downstairs window . mendel ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) here come soldier ... 228 int . safe house - listening room - night 228 smiley sit in the darkness hold the phone to he ear . mendel ( o.s. ) full house . 229 int . paris - cypher room - night 229 the three man stand over the silent cypher machine . tarr 's gun ram into he belt . tarr be almost glitter with nerve . then the machine clatter into life . 106 . ricki tarr read it aloud . Ben start to read , he high , rather imperious schoolboy voice carry over the next few shot ... BEN personal for tarr from alleline ... 230 int . circus - archive lift - night 230 a shot of the archive room , of the lift full of secret slowly be lower into the ground . BEN ( v.o. ) ... require clarification before meeting you request ... on the door of the war - room resolutely close , a slither of light burn beneath it . 231 int . tailor shop - night 231 the tailor dummy stand to attention , as alert as mendel watch from the window , phone to mouth . BEN ( o.s. ) ... quote information vital to safeguard of the Circus unquote do not qualify ... 232 int . paris - cypher room - night 232 tarr have begin to laugh , grip by a weird hilarity . Ben read even faster . BEN ... send further information . ricki tarr that 's the way percy boy ! you keep stalling . I better warn you Ben , there 's some lousy people in this outfit . do not trust a fuck one of they . 233 int . safe house - listening room - night 233 smiley sit in the blackness . 107 . smiley' p.o.v. the wash line extend ahead of he , glow faintly white in the darkness . the tinny sound of mendel 's voice come from the receiver beside he ... mendel ( o.s. ) mister smiley ... smiley pick up the receiver . smiley I be here , mendel . mendel ( o.s. ) one 's go . smiley put the receiver back on the armchair . he go to the window in he stockinge foot . 234 ext . safe house - tow path - night 234 guillam , nerve taut , see three long flash . the mole be come . 235 ext . safe house - night 235 a long silent look at the dark house . then the star of light spilling into the darkness from the air vent . 236 int . safe house - listening room - night 236 smiley , calm and contain , hear the sound of a cab draw up outside . a pair of footstep on the path . scrape of a key in the door . a pale rim of light appear around the kitchen door . and outside the sound of a second cab draw up . someone else enter the house . Movement in the kitchen . two man 's voice start to speak in Russian . smiley get up , gun in one hand , and guide by the line , make he way through the darkness to the door of the kitchen , grop , rather like a blind man walk towards the light . 108 . polyakov ( o.s. ) ( in Russian ) what be you cover story in case we be disturb ? the sound of another voice answer in Russian from further back in the room . on smiley inching across the room . 237 int . safe house - ground floor - night 237 the tape recorder work ... polyakov ( o.s. ) ( on tape , in Russian ) this can be salvage . tarr can be find and liquidate . 238 ext . safe house - tow path - night 238 guillam wait . he turn , he nerve taut , search the shadow for movement . for a moment he 's certain he 's be watched . then , from the house , the signal he 's be wait for . Three long flash . guillam start to run . 239 ext . safe house - tow path - night 239 a nervous lacon be wait on a corner , guillam run past . peter guillam he 's here . oliver lacon I will not have bloodsh . I want absolute calm ! a cab appear and mendel jump out . mendel and lacon hurry towards the house , guillam sprinting ahead . 240 int . safe house - ground floor - night 240 close on the tape spool - revolving ... churn the silence . the sound of the house amplify . no one talk . perhaps the faintest of cough . 241 ext . safe house - night 241 109 . guillam be p.o.v. Racing towards the front door and burst through , into the hallway and on up the stair , take they three at a time , burst through into ... 242 int . safe house - meeting room - night 242 a oddly formal scene . polyakov stand pipe in hand . smiley sit in a chair , gun in hand . absurdly , still in he stocking feet . and opposite he sit bill haydon . they all turn to look at guillam who stand panting in the doorway . on guillam ... as he nerve and excitement and any hope he might have have of a sense of victory drain away , leave he with just a odd sense of embarrassment and shame . 243 ext . sarratt - day 243 Nissan hut surround a cricket field . two cadet run lap . smiley walk towards one of the hut , stop as alleline walk out . alleline , a break man , can barely look at he . with a nod he walk on . 244 ext . sarratt - nissan hut - day 244 a unshaven , exhaust haydon stand outside the sarratt building in a small fence enclosure . we see smiley walk towards he . he 's bring a box of cigarettes . 245 int . sarratt - day 245 haydon be weep quietly but without emotion . smiley offer haydon the box of cigarettes . smiley I be assure there would be no coercion . haydon wave it away . smiley hand he a clean handkerchief . 110 . bill haydon it 's almost funny George . I know the inquisitors little bag of trick . I teach most of they . do not mind the tear . just a reaction . a over-reaction , if you like . craddox say I will be off in a few day . I keep think how I be go to miss the cricket in Moscow . he weep again . bill haydon ( cont 'd ) I rather hope you would do a little light house - keep for I . smiley if I can . bill haydon there 's a girl ... would you give she some money for I ? give she a good cover story . if it help tell she I love she . it 's all here . smiley of course . bill haydon there 's a boy too . bung he a few quid to shut he up . take it out of the reptile fund . smiley I do have one or two question . about prideaux . bill haydon damn it ! I get he back , do not I ? smiley yes , yes you do . that be good of you . ( beat ) I be surprised Karla do not shoot he . or do you think he hold back out of delicacy towards you ? no response . smiley look carefully at haydon 's profile . smiley ( cont 'd ) do prideaux come and see you before he leave on he hungarian mission ? bill haydon yes , as a matter of fact he do . 111 . smiley to say what ? haydon stare at he . for the first time the tear seem real . guilt and grief . he look down . a long pause . smiley ( cont 'd ) ( almost to himself ) to warn you . because he know , deep down , it be you all along . bill haydon so do you . haydon stare out , lose in think . bill haydon ( cont 'd ) I have to pick a side George . it be a aesthetic choice as much as a moral one . the West have grow so very ugly , do not you think ? smiley do not answer . a moment of silence . smiley do Karla ever consider have you take over the Circus ? for a moment haydon look rattle . bill haydon I be not he bloody office boy . smiley what be you then ? haydon turn to smiley , a flash of hauteur . bill haydon I be someone who make he mark . smiley watch he , feel he shrink in stature before he eye . haydon light a cigarette . smiley ( quietly ) be there anything you want I to pass on to Ann ? for a moment haydon look genuinely puzzle . bill haydon oh , that be nothing personal , George , I hope you understand that ? Karla say you be good , the one we have to worry about . but you do have a blind spot . ( more ) 112 . bill haydon ( cont 'd ) he reckone if I be know to be Ann 's lover you would not be able to see I straight . and he be right , up to a point . smiley up to a point . 246 int . control be flat - day 246 the flat be now empty , clear of Control 's possession . smiley look around , place a chess piece on the piano . we see the piece bear the name haydon . smiley ( quietly ) " tailor . " he walk away . 247 ext . smiley' house - day 247 George come up he path , look old and tired . 248 int . smiley' house - day 248 he stop still inside he doorway . the little figure on the console table be in the wrong position . smiley put he hand on it , but do not right it , listen to something from somewhere inside the house . a faint movement . through the half OPEN kitchen door we catch a glimpse of a woman beyond . ann be back . smiley stand with he back to we , still in he coat , stare through the door at he wife beyond . something of a vermeer in the image . he 's absorb the different atmosphere - home . decide whether to go in . or not . suddenly we hear music - julio iglesias , sing a disco version of LA mer - very seventies . CUT to : 249 int . circus - fifth floor party - night - past 249 the same lively Christmas party at the Circus we see earlier . bill haydon , a little drunk and happy , work he way through the pack room , dance to the iglesias ' track , a drink in each hand , a little tongue - in - cheek , sing along . 113. haydon be p.o.v. ... other member of the Circus glimpse as we pass they - connie sach , westerby , bland , drunk , grin at we . toby esterhase talk to one of the secretary ... the music continue as we find ... control and smiley ... sit a little apart , talk . haydon be still work he way through the party ... we pass percy alleline and he drunk wife . alleline look fretful and hope no - one be notice the scene she be make ... haydon grin at all he comrade , feel fond of everyone , but head on to he destination ... prideaux sit watch he come with a drink towards he , shake he head , but can not help but smile fondly at the idiot haydon be prepare to make of himself ... 250 omitted 250 251 omitted 251 252 omitted 252 253 omitted 253 254 ext . sarratt - evening - present 254 the music continue as we see two cadet be run on the circuit , they white t-shirt only just visible in the dark . haydon sit on he bench , smoking , watch they flit by . he smile to himself , remember . he sense something , turn and look back . prideaux stand in the shadow behind he , some fifteen foot away . the two man stare at each other , then haydon turn back to watch the runner . we hold close on he face as prideaux approach , the only sound the soft wind and he hushed footstep grow loser . finally ... bill haydon ( of the runner ) just like we Jim . ( beat ) best day . 114 . a rifle be place on the side of he head - the same execution shot that we see use on irina - the force blow he sideways out of the frame . as the music continue we ... CUT to : 255 ext . sarratt - dawn 255 frost on the grass . we find a cadet stare down at the corpse of haydon lean against the back of the bench , outline in silver frost . the music end . 256 int . prideaux caravan - day 256 prideaux sit on he bed . from outside - the sound of a football game . someone tap on the door . low . tap again . prideaux , coiled with grief and anger , suddenly get up . 257 ext . prideaux caravan - day 257 roach stand in the doorway , carry a gift - a boot - scrape make in woodwork . roach I make you something . prideaux stare at the boot scrape . prideaux I do not want you hang around here . keep away from I from now on . go and join the other . roach stand freeze . prideaux ( cont 'd ) just bloody join in . go and play damn you . he watch roach walk to the edge of the field and stand mutely at the side . a ball roll towards he . roach go to kick it . miss . he try again , running out of shot . 257aa ext . paris department store - evening 257aa tarr be walk through a busy street . he stop to light a cigarette . a woman in a yellow dress appear , reflect in the glass . she 's hold the hand of two child . for a moment it look like irina . 115 . tarr spin round , but the woman have disappear . he stare after she , hope to catch a glimpse of she again . 257a ext . / int . circus - ground -floor lobby - day 257a smiley walk back into the lobby , hesitates for a moment , then push on through the turnstile . 258 int . circus - conference room - day 258 George take he place at the baronial chair . he examine the chess piece in he hand . we see it be label karla . he toy with it for a moment , then place it on the table in front of he , clear he throat . smiley shall we begin ? through the open door smiley 's new inner circle begin to enter and take they place at the table around he .