T I T a N I C a screenplay by James cameron 1 blackness then two faint light appear , close together ... grow brighter . they resolve into two deep submersible , free-falling toward we like express elevator . one be ahead of the other , and pass close enough to fill frame , look like a spacecraft blaze with light , bristle with insectile manipulator . tilting down to follow it as it descend away into the limitless blackness below . soon they be firefly , then star . then go . CUT to : 2 ext . / int . mir one / NORTH atlantic deep pushing in on one of the fall submersible , call mir one , right up to its circular viewport to see the occupant . inside , it be a cramped seven foot sphere , cramme with equipment . anatoly mikailavich , the sub 's pilot , sit hunch over he control ... sing softly in Russian . next to he on one side be brock lovett . he 's in he late forty , deeply tan , and like to wear he nomex suit unzip to show the gold from famous shipwreck cover he gray chest hair . he be a wiley , fast - talk treasure hunter , a salvage superstar who be part historian , part adventurer and part vacuum cleaner salesman . right now , he be propped against the co2 scrubber , fast asleep and snore . on the other side , cramme into the remain space be a bearded wide - body name lewis bodine , sho be also asleep . Lewis be a r.o.v . ( remotely operate vehicle ) pilot and be the resident Titanic expert . anatoly glance at the bottom sonar and make a ballast adjustment . CUT to : 3 ext . the bottom of the sea a pale , dead - flat lunar landscape . it get brighter , light from above , as mir one enter frame and drop to the seafloor in a downblast from its thruster . it hit bottom after its two hour free- fall with a loud bonk . CUT to : 4 int . mir one lovett and bodine jerk awake at the landing . anatoly ( heavy Russian accent ) we be here . ext . / int . mir one and two 5 minute later : the two sub skim over the seafloor to the sound of sidescan sonar and the thrum of big thruster . 6 the featureless gray clay of the bottom unrol in the light of the sub . bodine be watch the sidescan sonar display , where the outline of a huge point object be visible . anatoly lie prone , drive the sub , he face press to the center port . bodine come leave a little . she 's right in front of we , eighteen meter . Fifteen . thirteen ... you should see it . anatoly do you see it ? I do not see it ... there ! out of the darkness , like a ghostly apparition , the bow of the ship appear . its knife - edge prow be come straight at we , seem to plow the bottom sediment like ocean wave . it tower above the seafloor , stand just as it land 84 year ago . the titanic . or what be leave of she . mir one go up and over the bow railing , intact except for a overgrowth of " rusticle " drape it like mutate Spanish moss . tight on the eyepiece monitor of a video camcorder . Brock lovett 's face fill the black and white frame . lovett it still get I every time . the image pan to the front viewport , look over anatoly 's shoulder , to the bow railing visible in the light beyond . anatoly turn . anatoly be just you guilt because of esteal from the dead . CUT wider , to show that Brock be operate the camera himself , turn it in he hand so it point at he own face . lovett thanks , tolya . work with I , here . Brock resume he serious , pensive gaze out the front port , with the camera aim at himself at arm 's length . lovett it still get I every time ... to see the sad ruin of the great ship sit here , where she land at 2:30 in the morning , April 15 , 1912 , after she long fall from the world above . anatoly roll he eye and mutter in Russian . bodine chuckle and watch the sonar . bodine you be so full of shit , boss . 7 mir two drive aft down the starboard side , past the huge anchor while mir one pass over the seemingly endless forecastle deck , with its massive anchor chain still laid out in two neat row , its bronze windlass cap gleam . the 22 foot long sub be like white bug next to the enormous wreck . lovett ( v.o . ) dive nine . here we be again on the deck of Titanic ... two and a half mile down . the pressure be three ton per square inch , enough to crush we like a freight train go over a ant if we hull fail . this window be nine inch thick and if they go , it 's sayonara in two microsecond . 8 mir two land on the boat deck , next to the ruin of the Officer 's quarter . mir one land on the roof of the deck hous nearby . lovett right . let 's go to work . bodine slip on a pair of 3 - D electronic goggle , and grab the joystick control of the ROV . 9 outside the sub , the ROV , a small orange and black robot call snoop dog , lift from its cradle and fly forward . bodine ( v.o . ) walkin ' the dog . snoop dog drive itself away from the sub , pay out its umbilical behind it like a robot yo -yo . its twin stereo-video camera swivel like insect eye . the ROV descend through a open shaft that once be the beautiful first class Grand staircase . snoop Dog go down several deck , then move laterally into the first class reception room . snoop' video Pov , move through the cavernous interior . the remain of the ornate handcarve woodwork which give the ship its elegance move through the floodlight , the line blurred by slow dissolution and descend rusticle formation . stalactites of rust hang down so that at time it look like a natural grotto , then the scene shift and the line of a ghostly undersea mansion can be see again . montage style , as snoop pass the ghostly image of Titanic 's opulence : 10 a grand piano in amazingly good shape , crash on its side against a wall . the key gleam black and white in the light . 11 a chandelier , still hang from the ceiling by its wire ... glint as snoop move around it . 12 its light play across the floor , revealing a champagne bottle , then some white STAR line china ... a woman 's high - top " granny shoe " . then something eerie : what look like a child 's skull resolve into the porcelain head of a doll . snoop enter a corridor which be much better preserve . here and there a door still hang on its rusted hinge . a ornate piece of molding , a wall sconce ... hint at the grandeur of the past . 13 the ROV turn and go through a black doorway , enter room B - 52 , the sit room of a " promenade suite " , one of the most luxurious stateroom on Titanic . bodine I be in the sit room . head for bedroom b- 54 . lovett stay off the floor . do not stir it up like you do yesterday . bodine I be tryin ' boss . glint in the light be the brass fixture of the near- perfectly preserve fireplace . a albino galathea crab crawl over it . nearby be the remain of a divan and a write desk . the Dog cross the ruin of the once elegant room toward another door . it squeeze through the doorframe , scraping rust and wood chunks loose on both side . it move out of a cloud of rust and keep on go . bodine I be crossing the bedroom . the remain of a pillare canopy bed . Broken chair , a dresser . through the collapse wall of the bathroom , the porcelain commode and bathtub take almost new , gleam in the dark . lovett okay , I want to see what 's under that wardrobe door . several angle as the ROV deploy its manipulator arm and start move debris aside . a lamp be lift , its ceramic color as bright as they be in 1912 . lovett easy , Lewis . take it slow . Lewis grip a wardrobe door , lie at a angle in a corner , and pull it with snoop 's gripper . it move reluctantly in a cloud of silt . under it be a dark object . the silt clear and snoop 's camera show they what be under the door ... bodine ooohh daddy - oh , be you seein ' what I be seein ' ? close on lovett , watch he moniteor . by he expression it be like he be see the Holy grail . lovett oh baby baby baby . ( grab the mike ) it 's payday , boy . on the screen , in the glare of the light , be the object of they quest : a small steel combination safe . CUT to : 14 ext . stern of deck of kedysh - day the safe , drip wet in the afternoon sun , be lower onto the deck of a ship by a winch cable . we be on the Russian research vessel akademik mistislav keldysh . a crowd have gather , include most of the crew of keldysh , the sub crew , and a hand - wring money guy name bobby buell who represent the limited partner . there be also a documentary video crew , hire by lovett to cover he moment of glory . everyone crowd around the safe . in the background mir two be be lower into its cradle on deck by a massive hydraulic arm . mir one be already recover with Lewis bodine follow Brock lovett as he bound over to the safe like a kid on christman morning . bodine who 's the best ? say it . lovett you be , Lewis . ( to the video crew ) you roll ? cameraman Rolling . Brock nod to he technician , and they set about drilling the safe 's hinge . during this operation , Brock amp the suspense , work the lens to fill the time . lovett well , here it be , the moment of truth . here 's where we find out if the time , the sweat , the money spend to charter this ship and this sub , to come out here to the middle of the North Atlantic ... be worth it . if what we think be in that same ... be in that safe ... it will be . lovett grin wolfishly in anticipation of he great find yet . the door be pried loose . it clang onto the deck . lovett move closer , peer into the safe 's wet interior . a long moment then ... he face say it all . lovett shit . bodine you know , boss , this happen to geraldo and he career never recover . lovett ( to the video cameraman ) get that outta my face . CUT to : 15 int . lab deck , preservation room - day technician be carefully remove some papers from the safe and place they in a tray of water to separate they safely . nearby , other artifact from the stateroom be be wash and preserve . buell be on the satellite phone with the investor . lovett be yell at the video crew . lovett you send out what I tell you when I tell you . I be signing you paycheck , not 60 minute . now get set up for the uplink . buell cover the phone and turn to lovett . buell the partner want to know how it 's go ? lovett how it 's go ? it 's go like a first date in prison , whattaya think ?! lovett grab the phone from buell and go instantly smooth . lovett hi , Dave ? Barry ? look , it be not in the safe ... no , look , do not worry about it , there be still plenty of place it could be ... in the floor debris in the suite , in the mother 's room , in the purser 's safe on C deck ... ( see something ) hang on a second . a tech coax some letter in the water tray to one side with a tong ... revealing a pencil ( conte crayon ) draw of a woman . Brock look closely at the draw , which be in excellent shape , though its edge have partially disintegrated . the woman be beautiful , and beautifully render . in she late teens or early twenty , she be nude , though pose with a kind of casual modesty . she be on a Empire divan , in a pool of light that seem to radiate outward from she eye . scrawle in the lower right corner be the date : April 14 1912 . and the initial jd . the girl be not entirely nude . at she throat be a diamond necklace with one large stone hang in the center . lovett grab a reference photo from the clutter on the lab table . it be a period black - and - white photo of a diamond necklace on a black velvet jeller 's display stand . he hold it next to the draw . it be clearly the same piece ... a complex set with a massive central stone which be almost heart - shape . lovett I will be God damned . CUT to : 16 insert a CNN news story : a live satellite feed from the deck of the keldysh , intercut with the CNN studio . announcer treasure hunter Brock lovett be best know for find Spanish gold in sink galleon in the Caribbean . now he be use deep submergence technology to work two and a half mile down at another famous wreck ... the Titanic . he be with we live via satellite from a Russian research ship in the middle of the Atlantic ... hello Brock ? lovett yes , hi , Tracy . you know , Titanic be not just a shipwrick , Titanic be the shipwreck . it 's the mount everest of shipwreck . CUT to : 17 int . house / ceramics studio pull back from the screen , show the CNN report play on a tv set in the live room of a small rustic house . it be full of ceramics , figurine , folk art , the wall cramme with drawing and painting ... thing collect over a lifetime . panning to show a glass - in studio attach to the house . outside it be a quiet morning in ojai , California . in the studio , amid incredible clutter , a ancient woman be throw a pot on a potter 's wheel . the liquid red clay cover she hand ... hand that be gnarled and age -spotted , but still surprisingly strong and supple . a woman in she early forty assist she . lovett ( v.o . ) I have plan this expedition for three year , and we be out here recover some amazing thing ... thing that will have enormous historical and educational value . CNN reporter ( v.o . ) but it 's no secret that education be not you main purpose . you be a treasure hunter . so what be the treasure you be hunt ? lovett ( v.o . ) I would rather show you than tell you , and we think we be very close to do just that . the old woman 's name be rose calvert . her face be a wrinkle mass , she body shapeless and shrunken under a one - piece African - print dress . but she eye be just as bright and alive as that of a young girl . Rose get up and walk into the live room , wiping pottery clay from she hand with a rag . a pomeranian dog get up and come in with she . the young soman , lizzy calvert , rush to help she . rose turn that up please , dear . reporter ( v.o. ) you expedition be at the center of a storm of controversy over salvage rights and even ethic . many be call you a grave robber . tight on the screen . lovett nobody call the recovery of the artifact from King tut 's tomb grave robbing . I have museum - train expert here , make sure this stuff be preserve and catalogue properly . look at this draw , which be find today ... the video camera pan off Brock to the draw , in a tray of water . the image of the woman with the necklace fill frame . lovett ... a piece of paper that 's be underwater for 84 year ... and my team be able to preserve it intanct . should this have remain unseen at the bottom of the ocean for eternity , when we can see it and enjoy it now ...? rose be galvanize by this image . her mouth hang open in amazement . rose I will be God damned . CUT to : 18 ext . keldysh deck - night CUT to keldysh . the mir sub be be launch . mir two be already in the water , and lovett be get ready to climb into mir one when Bobby buell run up to he . buell there 's a satellite call for you . lovett Bobby , we be launching . see this submersible here , go in the water ? take a message . buell no , trust I , you want to take this call . CUT to : 19 int . lab deck / keldysh - night beull hand lovett the phone , push down the blink line . the call be from Rose and we see both end of the conversation . she be in she kitchen with a mystify lizzy . lovett this be Brock lovett . what can I do for you , Mrs ... ? buell Rose calvert . lovett ... Mrs. calvert ? rose I be just wonder if you have find the " heart of the Ocean " yet , Mr. lovett . Brock almost drop the phone . Bobby see he shocked expression ... buell I tell you you want to take this call . lovett ( to Rose ) alright . you have my attention , Rose . can you tell I who the woman in the picture be ? rose oh yes . the woman in the picture be I . CUT to : 20 ext . ocean - day smash CUT to a enormous sea stallion helicopter thunder across the ocean . pan 180 degree as it roar past . there be no land at either horizon . the keldysh be visible in the distance . close on a window of the monster helicopter . Rose 's face be visible , look out calmly . CUT to : 21 ext . keldysh - day Brock and bodine be watch mir 2 be sweng over the side to start a dive . bodine she 's a goddamn liar ! a nutcase . like that ... what 's she name ? that anastasia babe . buell they be inbound . Brock nod and the three of they head forward to meet the approach helo . bodine she say she 's Rose dewitt bukater , right ? Rose dewitt bukater die on the Titanic . at the age of 17 . if she would have live , she would be over a hundred now . lovett a hundred and one next month . bodine okay , so she 's a very old goddamn liar . I trace she as far back as the 20' ... she be work as a actress in l.a . a actress . her name be Rose Dawson . then she marry a guy name calvert , move to Cedar rapid , have two kid . now calvert 's dead , and from what I have hear Cedar rapid be dead . the Sea stallion approach the ship , bg , force Brock to yell over the rotor . lovett and everyobody who know about the diamond be suppose to be dead ... or on this ship . but she know about it . and I want to hear what she have to say . get it ? CUT to : 22 ext . keldysh helipad in a thundering downblast the helicopter 's wheel bounce down on the helipad . lovett , buell and bodine watch as the helicopter crew chief hand out about ten suitcase , and then Rose be lower to the deck in a wheelchair by keldysh crewmen . lizzy , ducking unnecessarily under the rotor , follow she out , carry freddy the pomeranian . the crew chief hand a puzzle keldysh crewmember a goldfish bowl with several fish in it . Rose do not travel light . hold on the incongruous image of this little old lady , look impossibly fragile amongst all the high tech gear , grungy deck crew and gigantic equipment . bodine s'cuse I , I have to go check we supply of depend . CUT to : 23 int . rose's stateroom / keldysh - day lizzy be unpack Rose 's thing in the small utilitarian room . Rose be place a number of framed photo on the bureau , arrange they carefully next to the fishbowl . Brock and bodine be in the doorway . lovett be you stateroom alright ? rose yes . very nice . have you meet my granddaughter , lizzy ? she take care of I . lizzy yes . we meet just a few minute ago , grandma . remember , up on deck ? rose oh , yes . Brock glance at bodine ... oh oh . bodine roll he eye . Rose finish arrange she photograph . we get a general glimpse of they : the usual snapshot ... child and grandchild , she late husband . rose there , that 's nice . I have to have my picture when I travel . and freddy of course . ( to the pomeranian ) be not that right , sweetie . lovett would you like anything ? rose I should like to see my draw . CUT to : 24 int . lab deck , preservation area Rose look at the draw in its tray of water , confront herself across a span of 84 year . until they can figure out the best way to preserve it , they have to keep it immerse . it sway and ripple , almost as if alive . tight on Rose 's ancient eye , gaze at the draw . 25 flashcut of a man 's hand , hold a conte crayon deftly create a shoulder and the shape of she hair with two efficient line . 26 the woman' face in the drawing , dance under the water . 27 a flashcut of a man 's eye , just visible over the top of a sketching pad . they look up suddenly right into the lens . Soft eye , but fearlessly direct . 28 Rose smile , remember . Brock have the reference photo of the necklace in he hand . lovett Louis the sixteenth wear a fabulous stone , call the Blue diamond of the Crown , which disappear in 1792 , about the time Louis lose everything from the neck up . the theory go that the crown diamond be chop too ... recut into a heart - like shape ... and it become Le Coeur de la mer. the heart of the Ocean . today it would be worth more than the hope diamond . rose it be a dreadful , heavy thing . ( she point at the draw ) I only wear it this once . lizzy you actually believe this be you , grandma ? rose it be I , dear . be not I a hot number ? lovett I track it down through insurance record ... and old claim that be settle under term of absolute secrecy . do you know who the claiment be , rost ? rose someone name hockley , I should imagine . lovett Nathan hockley , right . Pittsburgh steel tycoon . for a diamond necklace he son caledon hockley buy in France for he fiancee ... you ... a week before he sail on Titanic . and the claim be file right after the sink . so the diamond have to have go down with the ship . ( to lizzy ) see the date ? lizzy April 14 , 1912 . lovett if you grandma be who she say she be , she be wear the diamond the day Titanic sink . ( more ) lovett ( cont 'd ) ( to Rose ) and that make you my new best friend . I will happily compensate you for anything you can tell we that will lead to its recovery . rose I do not want you money , Mr. lovett . I know how hard it be for people who care greatly for money to give some away . bodine ( skeptical ) you do not want anything ? rose ( indicate the draw ) you may give I this , if anything I tell you be of value . lovett deal . ( crossing the room ) over here be a few thing we have recover from you stateroom . laid out on a worktable be fifty or so object , from mundane to valuable . Rose , shrunken in she chair , can barely see over the table top . with a tremble hand she lift a tortoise shell hand mirror , inlaid with mother of pearl . she caress it wonderingly . rose this be mine . how extraordinary ! it look the same as the last time I see it . she turn the mirror over and look at she ancient face in the crack glass . rose the reflection have change a bit . she spy something else , a silver and moonstone art -nouveau brooch . rose my mother 's brooch . she want to go back for it . cause quite a fuss . Rose pick up a ornate art - nouveau hair comb . a jade butterfly take flight on the ebony handle of the comb . she turn it slowly , remember . we can see that Rose be experience a rush of image and emotion that have lain dormant for eight decade as she handle the butterfly comb . lovett be you ready to go back to Titanic ? CUT to : 29 int . imaging shack / keldysh it be a darken room line with tv monitor . image of the wreck fill the screen , feed from mir one and two , and the two rove , snoop Dog and duncan . bodine live from 12,000 foot . rose stare raptly at the screen . she be enthrale by one in particular , a image of the bow railing . it obviously mean something to she . Brock be study she reaction carefully . bodine the bow 's strike in the bottom like a axe , from the impact . here ... I can run a simulation we work up on this monitor over here . lizzy turn the chair so Rose can see the screen of bodine 's computer . as he be call up the file , he keep talk . bodine we have put together the world 's large database on the Titanic . okay , here ... lovett Rose might not want to see this , Lewis . rose no , no . it 's fine . I be curious . bodine start a computer animated graphic on the screen , which parallel he rapid-fire narration . bodine she hit the berg on the starboard side and it sort of bump along ... punch hole like a morse code ... dit dit dit , down the side . now she 's flooding in the bodine ( cont would ) forward compartment ... and the water spill over the top of the bulkhead , go aft . as she bow be go down , she stern be come up ... slow at first ... and then faster and faster until it 's lift all that weight , maybe 20 or 30 thousand ton ... out of the water and the hull can not deal ... so skrttt !! ( make a sound in time with the animation ) ... it split ! right down to the keel , which act like a big hinge . now the bow swing down and the stern fall back level ... but the weight of the bow pull the stern up vertical , and then the bow section detach , head for the bottom . the stern bob like a cork , flood and go under about 2:20 a.m . two hour and forty minute after the collision . the animation then follow the bow section as it sink . Rose watch this clinical dissection of the disaster without emotion . bodine the bow pull out of its dive and plane away , almost a half a mile , before it hit the bottom go maybe 12 mile a hour . kaboom ! the bow impact , digging deeply into the bottom , the animation now follow the stern . bodine the stern implode as it sink , from the pressure , and rip apart from the force of the current as it fall , landing like a big pile of junk . ( indicate the simulation ) cool huh ? rose thank you for that fine forensic analysis , Mr. bodine . of course the experience of it be somewhat less clinical . lovett will you share it with we ? her eye go back to the screen , show the sad ruin far below they . a view from one of the sub tracking slowly over the boat deck . Rose recognize one of the wellin davit , still in place . she hear ghostly waltz music . the faint and echoing sound of a officer 's voice , English accented , call " woman and child only " . 30 flash cut of scream face in a run crowd . pandemonium and terror . people cry , praying , kneel on the deck . just impression ... flash in the dark . 31 Rose look at another monitor . snoop dog move down a rusted , debris-filled corridor . Rose watch the endless row of doorway slide past , like dark mouth . 32 image of a child , three year old , stand ankle deep in water in the middle of a endless corridor . the child be lose alone , cry . 33 Rose be shake by the flood of memory and emotion . her eye well up and she put she head down , sobbing quietly . lizzy ( take the wheelchair ) I be take she to rest . rose no ! her voice be surprisingly strong . the sweet little old lady be go , replace by a woman with eye of steel . lovett signal everyone to stay quiet . lovett tell we , Rose . she look from screen to screen , the image of the ruin ship . rose it 's be 84 year ... lovett just tell we what you can -- rose ( hold up she hand for silence ) it 's be 84 year ... and I can still smell the fresh paint . the china have never be use . the sheet have never be sleep in . he switch on the minirecorder and set it near she . rose Titanic be call the ship of dream . and it be . it really be ... as the underwater camera rise past the rusted bow rail , we dissolve / match move to that same railing in 1912 ... match dissolve : 34 ext . southampton dock - day shot continue in a florious reveal as the gleam white superstructure of Titanic rise mountainously beyond the rail , and above that the buff -color funnel stand against the sky like the pillar of a great temple . crewmen move across the deck , dwarf by the awesome scale of the steamer . southanmpton , England , April 10 , 1912 . it be almost nnon on ail day . a crowd of hundred blacken the pier next to Titanic like ant on a jelly sandwich . in fg a gorgeous burgundy renault touring car swing into frame , hang from a load crane . it be lower toward hatch # 2 . on the pier horsedrawn vehicle , motorcar and lorry move slowly through the dense throng . the atmosphere be one of excitement and general giddiness . people embrace in tearful farewell , or wave and shout bon voyage wish to friend and relative on the deck above . a white renault , lead a silver - gray daimler - benz , push through the crowd leave a wake in the press of people . around the handsome car people be stream to board the ship , jostling with hustling seamen and stoker , porter , and bark white STAR line official . the renault stop and the liveried driver scurries to open the door for a young woman dress in a stun white and purple outfit , with a enormous feathered hat . she be 17 year old and beautiful , regal of bear , with pierce eye . it be the girl in the draw . rose . she look up at the ship , take it in with cool appraisal . rose I do not see what all the fuss be about . it do not look any bigger than the mauretania . a personal valet open the door on the other side of the car for caledon hockley , the 30 year old heir to the elder hockley 's fortune . " Cal " be handsome , arrogant and rich beyond meaning . cal you can be blase about some thing , Rose , but not about Titanic . it 's over a hundred foot longer than mauretania , and far more luxurious . it have squash court , a parisian cafe ... even turkish bath . Cal turn and fives he hand to Rose 's mother , RUTH dewitt bukater , who descend from the touring car be he . Ruth be a 40ish society empress , from one of the most prominent Philadelphia family . she be a widow , and rule she household with iron will . cal you daughter be much too hard to impress , Ruth . ( indicate a puddle ) mind you step . RUTH ( gaze at the leviathan ) so this be the ship they say be unsinkable . cal it be unsinkable . God himself could not sink this ship . Cal speak with the pride of a host provide a special experience . this entire entourage of rich Americans be impeccably turn out , a quintessential example of the edwardian upper class , complete with servant . Cal 's valet , spicer lovejoy , be a tall and impassive , dour as a undertaker . behind he emerge two maids , personal servant to Ruth and Rose . a white STAR line porter scurries toward they , harry by last minute load . porter Sir , you will have to check you baggage through the main terminal , round that way -- Cal nonchalantly hand the man a fiver . the porter 's eye dilate . five pound be a monster tip in that day . cal I put my faith in you , good sir . ( more ) cal ( cont 'd ) ( curtly , indicate lovejoy ) see my man . porter yes , sir . my pleasure , sir . Cal never tire of the effect of money on the unwash mass . lovejoy ( to the porter ) this trunk here , and 12 more in the Daimler . we will have all this lot up in the room . the White Star man look stricken when he see the enormous pile of steamer trunk and suitcase load down the second car , include wooden crate and steel safe . he whistle frantically for some cargo-handler nearby who come run . Cal breeze on , leave the minion to scramble . he quickly check he pocket watch . cal we would better hurry . this way , lady . he indicate the way toward the first class gangway . they move into the crowd . trudy bolt , Rose 's may , hustle behind they , laden with bag of she mistress 's most recent purchase ... thing too delicate for the baggage handler . Cal lead , weaving between vehicle and handcart , hurry passenger ( mostly second class and steerage ) and well - wisher . most of the first class passenger be avoid the smelly press of the dockside crowd by use a elevate board bridge , twenty foot above . they pass a line of steerage passenger in they coarse wool and tweed , queue up inside movable barrier like cattle in a chute . a health officer examine they head one by one , check scalp and eyelash for lice . they pass a well - dress young man cranking the handle of a wooden biograph " cinematograph " camera mount on a tripod . naniel marvin ( whose father found the biograph Film Studio ) be filming he young bride in front of the Titanic . mary marvin stand stiffly and smile , self conscious . daniel look up at the ship , darling , that 's it . you be amaze ! you can not believe how big it be ! like a mountain . that 's great . Mary marvin , without a act fiber in she body , do a bad Clara bow pantomime of awe , hand raise . Cal be jostle by two yell steerage boy who shove past he . and he be bump again a second later by the boy ' father . cal steady !! man sorry squire ! the cockney father push on , after he kid , shouting . cal steerage swine . apparently miss he annual bath . RUTH honestly , Cal , if you be not forever book everything at the last instant , we could have go through the terminal instead of run along the dock like some squalid immigrant family . cal all part of my charm , Ruth . at any rate , it be my darling fiancee 's beauty ritual which make we late . rose you tell I to change . cal I could not let you wear black on sailing day , sweetpea . it 's bad luck . rose I feel like black . Cal guide they out of the path of a horse - draw wagon load down with two ton of oxford marmalade , in wooden case , for Titanic 's victuall Department . cal here I have pull every string I could to book we on the grandest ship in history , in she most luxurious suite ... and you act as if you be go to you execution . Rose look up as the hull of Titanic loom over they ... a great iron wall , Bible black and sever . Cal motion she forward , and she enter the gangway to the D deck door with a sense of overwhelming dread . old rose ( v.o. ) it be the ship of dream ... to everyone else . to I it be a slave ship , take I back to America in chain . close on cal' hand in slow-motion as it close possessively over Rose 's arm . he escort she up the gangway and the black hull of Titanic swallow they . old rose ( v.o. ) outwardly I be everything a well bring up girl should be . Inside , I be scream . 35 CUT to a scream blast from the mighty triple steam horn on Titanic 's funnel , bellow they departure warning . CUT to : 36 ext . southampton dock / titanic - day a view of titanic from several block away , tower above the terminal building like the skyline of a city . the steamer 's whistle echoe across southampton . pull back , revealing that we be look through a window , and back further to show the smoky inside of a pub . it be crowded with dockworker and ship ;s crew . just inside the window , a poker game be in progress . four men , in work class clothes , play a very serious hand . jack dawson and fabrizio do rossi , both about 20 , exchange a glance as the other two player argue in swedish . Jack be american , a lanky drifter with he hair a little long for the standard of the time . he be also unshaven , and he clothes be rumple from sleep in they . he be a artist , and have adopt the bohemian style of art scene in Paris . he be also very self - possess and sure - foote for 20 , have live on he own since 15 . the two swede continue they sullen argument , in swedish . olaf ( subtitle ) you stupid fishhead . I can not believe you bet we ticket . sven ( subtitle ) you lose we money . I be just try to get it back . now shutup and take a card . jack ( jaunty ) hit I again , sven . Jack take the card and slip it into he hand . ecu jack eye . they betray nothing . close on fabrizio lick he lip nervously as he refuse a card . ecu stack in the middle of the table . bill and coin from four counrty . this have be go on for a while . sitting on top of the money be two 3rd CLASS ticket for rms titanic . the Titanic 's whistle blow again . final warning . jack the moment of truth boy . somebody 's life 's about to change . fabrizio put he card down . so do the swede . Jack hold he close . jack let 's see ... fabrizio 's get niente . olaf , you have get squat . sven , uh oh ... two pair ... mmm . ( turn to he friend ) sorry fabrizio . fabrizio what sorry ? what you get ? you lose my money ?? ma va fa and culo testa di cazzo -- jack sorry , you be not gonna see you mama again for a long time ... he slap a full house down on the table . jack ( grin ) ' Cause you be goin ' to America !! full house boy ! fabrizio porca madonna !! yeeaaaaa !!! the table explode into shouting in several language . Jack rake in the money and the ticket . jack ( to the swede ) sorry boy . Three of a kind and a pair . I be high and you be dry and ... ( to fabrizio ) ... we be go to -- fabrizio / jack l'america !!! olaf ball up one huge farmer 's fist . we think he 's go to clobber Jack , but he swing round and punch sven , who flop backward onto the floor and sit there , look depressed . olaf forget about Jack and fabrizio , who be dance around , and go into a rapid harangue of he stupid cousin . Jack kiss the ticket , then jump on fabrizio 's back and ride he around the pub . it 's like they win the lottery . jack goin ' home ... to the land o' the free and the home of the real hot-dog ! on the titanic !! we be ridin ' in high style now ! we be practically goddamn royalty , ragazzo mio !! fabrizio you see ? be my destinio !! like I tell you . I go to l'america !! to be a millionaire !! ( more ) fabrizio ( cont 'd ) ( to pubkeeper ) capito ?? I go to America !! pubkeeper no , mate . Titanic go to America . in five minute . jack shit !! come on , fabri ! ( grab they stuff ) come on !! ( to all , grin ) it 's be grand . they run for the door . pubkeeper ' course I be sure if they know it be you lot comin' , they would be pleased to wait ! CUT to : 37 omitted 38 ext . terminal - titanic Jack and fabrizio , carry everything they own in the world in the kit bag on they shoulder , sprint toward the pier . they tear through milling crowd next to the terminal . shout go up behind they as they jostle slow - move gentleman . they dodge pile of luggage , and weave through group of people . they burst out onto the pier and Jack come to a dead stop ... stare at the cast wall of the ship 's hull , tower seven storey above the wharf and over a eighth of a mile long . the Titanic be monstrous . fabrizio run back and grab Jack , and they sprint toward the third class gangway aft , at E deck . they reach the bottom of the ramp just as sixth officer moody detach it at the top . it start to swing down from the gangway door . jack wait !! we be passenger ! flushed and panting , he wave the ticket . moody have you be through the inspection queue ? jack ( lie cheerfully ) of course ! anyway , we do not have lice , we be Americans . ( glance at fabrizio ) both of we . moody ( testy ) right , come aboard . moody have quartermaster rowe reattach the gangway . Jack and fabrizio come aboard . moody glance at the ticket , then pass Jack and fabrizio through to rowe . rowe look at the name on the ticket to enter they in the passenger list . rowe gundersen . and ... ( read fabrizio 's ) gundersen . he hand the ticket back , eyeing fabrizio 's Mediterranean look suspiciously . jack ( grab fabrizio 's arm ) come on , sven . Jack and fabrizio whoop with victory as they run down the white - paint corridero ... grin from ear to ear . jack we be the luckiest son of bitch in the world ! CUT to : 39 omitted 40 ext . titanic and dock - day the moor line , as big around as a man 's arm , be drop into the water . a cheer go up on the pier as seven tug pull the Titanic away from the quay . CUT to : 41 ext . aft well deck / poop deck - day jack and fabrizio burst through a door onto the aft well deck . tracking with they as they run across the deck and up the steel stair to the poop deck . they get to the rail and Jack start to yell and wave to the crowd on the dock . fabrizio you know somebody ? jack of course not . that 's not the point . ( to the crowd ) Goodbye ! Goodbye !! I will miss you ! grinning , fabrixio join in , add he voice to the swell of voice , feel the exhilaration of the moment . fabrizio Goodbye ! I will never forget you !! CUT to : 42 omitted ext . southampton dock - day the crowd of cheer well - wisher wave heartily as a black wall of metal move past they . impossibly tiny figue wave back from the ship 's rail . Titanic gather speed . CUT to : 44 ext . river test - day in a long lens shot the prow of Titanic fill frame behind the lead tug , which be dwarf . the bow wave spread before the mighty plow of the liner 's hull as it move down the River test toward the English Channel . CUT to : 45 int . third CLASS berthing / g-deck forward - day Jack and fabrizio walk down a narrow corridor with door lining both side like a college dorm . total confusion as people argue over luggage in several language , or wander in confusion in the labyrinth . they pass emigrant study the sign over the door , and look up the word in phrase book . they find they berth . it be a modest cubicle , paint enamel white , with four bunk . expose pipe overhead . the other two guy be already there . olaus and bjorn gundersen . Jack throw he kit on one open bunk , while fabrizio take the other . bjorn ( in swedish / subtitle ) where be sven ? CUT to : 46 int . suite b-52-56 - day by contrast , the so-called " millionaire suite " be in the Empire style , and comprise two bedroom , a bath , wc , wardrobe room , and a large sit room . in addition there be a private 50 foot promenade deck outside . a room service waiter pour champagne into a tulip glass of orange juice and hand the buck fizz to Rose . she be look through she new painting . there be a Monet of water lily , a dega of dancer , and a few abstract work . they be all unknown painting ... lose work . Cal be out on the cover deck , which have pot tree and vine on trellise , talk through the doorway to Rose in the sit room . cal that mud puddle be certainly a waste of money . rose ( look at a cubist portrait ) you be wrong . they be fascinating . like in a dream ... there 's truth without logic . what 's he name again ... ? ( read off the canvas ) Picasso . cal ( come into the sit room ) he will never amount to a thing , trust I . at least they be cheap . a porter wheel Cal 's private safe ( which we recognize ) into the room on a handtruck . cal put that in the wardrobe . 47 in the bedroom Rose enter with the large dega of the dancer . she set it on the dresser , near the canopy bed . trudy be already in there , hang up some of Rose 's clothes . trudy it smell so brand new . like they build it all just for we . I mean ... just to think that tonight , when I crawl between the sheet , iill be the first -- Cal appear in the doorway of the bedroom . cal ( look at Rose ) and when I crawl between the sheet tonight , I will still be the first . trudy ( blush at the innuendo ) s'cuse I , miss . she edge around Cal and make a quick exit . Cal come up behind Rose and put he hand on she shoulder . a act of possession , not intimacy . cal the first and only . forever . Rose 's expression show how bleak a prospect this be for she , now . CUT to : 48 ext . cherbourg harbor , FRANCE - late dusk Titanic stand silhouett against a purple post - sunset sky . she be light up like a float palace , and she thousand porthole reflect in the calm harbor water . the 150 foot tender nomadic lie - to alongside , look like a rowboat . the light of a cherbourg harbor complete the postcard image . CUT to : 49 int . first CLASS reception / d-deck enter the first class reception room from the tender be a number of prominent passenger . a broad -shouldered woman in a enormous feathered hat come up the gangway , carry a suitcase in each hand , a spindly porter run to catch up with she to take the bag . woman well , I be not about to wait all day for you , sonny . take them the rest of the way if you think you can manage . old rose ( v.o. ) at cherbourg a woman come aboard name Margaret Brown , but we all call she Molly . History would call she the unsinkable Molly Brown . her husband have strike gold someplace out west , and she be what mother call " new money " . at 45 , molly brown be a tough talk straightshooter who dress in the finery of she genteel peer but will never be one of they . old rose ( v.o. ) by the next afternoon we have make we final stop and we be steaming west from the coast of Ireland , with nothing out ahead of we but ocean ... CUT to : 50 omitted 51 ext . bow - day the ship glow with the warm creamy light of late afternoon . Jack and fabrizio stand right at the bow grip the curving railing so familiar from image of the wreck . Jack lean over , look down fifty foot to where the prow cut the surface like a knife , send up two glassy sheet of water . CUT to : 52 int . / ext . titanic - series of scene - day on the bridge , captain smith turn from the binnacle to first officer william murdoch . captain smith take she to sea mister murdoch . let 's stretch she leg . murdoch move the engine telegraph lever to all ahead full . 53 now begins a kind of musical / visual setpiece ... a ode to the great ship . the music be rhythmic , surging forward , with a soar melody that address the majesty and optimism of the ship of dream . in the engine room the telegraph clang and move to " all ahead full " . chief engineer bell all ahead full ! on the catwalk thomas andrews , the shipbuilder , watch carefully as the engineer and greaser scramble to adjust valve . tower above they be the twin reciprocating engine , four storey tall , they ten-foot-long connect rod surging up and down with the turn of the massive crankshaft . the engine thunder like the footfalls of march giant . 54 in the boiler room the stoker chant a song as they hurl coal into the roaring furnace . the " black gang " be cover with sweat and coal dust , they muscle work like part of the machinery as they toil in the hellish glow . 55 underwater the enormous bronze screw chop through the water , hurl the steamer forward and churn up a vortex of foam that linger for mile behind the juggernaut ship . smoke pour from the funnel as -- 56 the rive water flare higher at the bow as the ship 's speed build . the camera sweep up the prow to find Jack , the wind stream through he hair and -- 57 Captain Smith step out of the enclose bridge onto the wing . he stand with he hand on the rail , look every bit the storybook picture of a Captain ... a great patriarch of the sea . first officer murdoch twenty one knot , sir ! smith she 's get a bone in she tooth now , eh , Mr. murdoch . Smith accept a cup of tea from fifth officer lowe . he contentedly watch the white V of water hurl outward from the bow like a expression of he own personal power . they be invulnerable , tower over the sea . 58 at the bow Jack and fabrizio lean far over , look down . in the glassy bow - wave two dolphin appear , under the water , run fast just in front of the steel blade of the prow . they do it for the sheer joy and exultation of motion . Jack watch the dolphin and grin . they breach , jump clear of the water and then dive back , crisscross in front of the bow , dance ahead of the juggernaut . fabrizio look forward across the Atlantic , stare into the sunsparkle . fabrizio I can see the statue of Liberty already . ( grin at Jack ) very small ... of course . the camera arc around they , until they be frame against the sea . now we pull back , across the forecastle deck . rising , as we continue back , and the ship roll endlessly forward underneath . over the bridge wing , along the boat deck until she funnel come into frame besides we and march past like the pillar of heaven , one by one . we pull back and up , until we be look down the funnel , and the people strolling on the deck and stand at the rail become antlike . and still we pull back until the great lady be see whole in a gorgeous aerial portrait , black and severe in she majesty . ismay ( v.o . ) she be the large move object ever make by the hand of man in all history ... CUT to : 59 int . palm court restaurant - day close on J. bruce ismay , manage director of White Star line . ismay ... and we master shipbuilder , Mr. andrew here , design she from the keel plate up . he indicate a handsome 39 year old irish gentleman to he right , thomas andrews , of harland and Wolf shipbuilder . wider , show the group assemble for lunch the next day . ismay seat with Cal , Rose , Ruth , Molly Brown and Thomas andrew in the Palm Court , a beautiful sunny spot enclose by high arched window . andrews ( dislike the attention ) well , I may have knock she together , but the idea be Mr. ismay 's . he envision a steamer so grand in scale , and so luxurious in its appointment , that its supremacy would never be challenge . and here she be ... ( he slap the table ) ... will into solid reality . molly why be ship always bein ' call " she " ? be it because man think half the woman around have big stern and should be weigh in tonnage ? ( they all laugh ) just another example of the man settin' the rule they way . the waiter arrive to take order . Rose light a cigarette . RUTH you know I do not like that , Rose . cal she know . Cal take the cigarette from she and stub it out . cal ( to the waiter ) we will both have the lamb . rare , with a little mint sauce . ( to Rose , after the waiter move away ) you like lamb , do not you sweetpea ? Molly be watch the dynamic between Rose , Cal and Ruth . molly so , you gonna cut she meat for she too there , Cal ? ( turn to ismay ) hey , who come up with the name Titanic ? you , Bruce ? ismay yes , actually . I want to convey sheer size . and size mean stability , luxury ... and safety -- rose do you know of Dr. Freud ? his idea about the male preoccupation with size might be of particular interest to you , Mr. ismay . andrew chock on he breadstick , suppress laughter . RUTH my God , Rose , what 's get into -- rose Excuse I . she stalk away . RUTH ( mortify ) I do apologize . molly she 's a pistol , Cal . you sure you can handle she ? cal ( tense but feign unconcern ) well , I may have to start mind what she read from now on . CUT to : 60 ext . poop deck / after deck - day Jack sit on a bench in the sun . Titanic 's wake spread out behind he to the horizon . he have he knee pull up , support a leather bound sketching pad , he only valuable possession . with conte crayon he draw rapidly , use sure stroke . a emigrant from Manchester name cartmell have he 3 year old daughter cora stand on the lower rung of the rail . she be lean back against he beer barrel of a stomach , watch the seagull . the sketch capture they perfectly , with a great sense of the humanity of the moment . Jack be good . really good . fabrizio look over Jack 's shoulder . he nod appreciatively . tommy ryan , a scowling young irish emigrant , watch as a crewmember come by , walk three small dog around the deck . one of they , a black french bulldog , be among the ugliest creature on the planet . tommy that 's typical . first class dog come down here to take a shit . Jack look up from he sketch . jack that 's so we know where we rank in the scheme of thing . tommy like we could forget . Jack glance across the well deck . at the aft railing of B deck promenade stand rose , in a long yellow dress and white glove . close on jack , unable to take he eye off of she . they be across from each other , about 60 foot apart , with the well deck like a valley between they . she on she promontory , he on he much lower one . she stare down at the water . he watch she unpin she elaborate hat and take it off . she look at the frilly absurd thing , then toss it over the rail . it sail far down to the water and be carry away , astern . a spot of yellow in the vast ocean . he be rivete by she . she look like a figure in a romantic novel , sad and isolate . fabrizio tap Tommy and they both look at Jack gazin at Rose . fabrizio and Tommy grin at each other . Rose turn suddenly and look right at Jack . he be catch stare , but he do not look away . she do , but then look back . they eye meet across the space of the well deck , across the gulf between world . Jack see a man ( Cal ) come up behind she and take she arm . she jerk she arm away . they argue in pantomime . she storm away , and he go after she , disappear along the a-deck promenade . Jack stare after she . tommy forget it , boyo . you would as like have angel fly out o' yer arse as get next to the like o' she . CUT to : 61 int . first CLASS dine SALOON - night slowly pushing in on rose as she sit , flanke by people in heat conversation . Cal and Ruth be laugh together , while on the other side lady duff -gordon be hold forth animatedly . we do not hear what they be say . Rose be stare at she plate , barely listen to the inconsequential babble around she . old rose ( v.o. ) I see my whole life as if I would already live it ... a endless parade of party and cotillion , yacht and polo match ... always the same narrow people , the same mindless chatter . I feel like I be stand at a great precipice , with no one to pull I back , no one who care ... or even notice . angle beneath table show Rose 's hand , hold a tiny fork from she crab salad . she poke the crab-fork into the skin of she arm , harder and harder until it draw blood . CUT to : 62 int . corridor / B deck - night Rose walk along the corridor . a steward come the other way greet she , and she nod with a slight smile . she be perfectly compose . CUT to : 63 int . rose's bedroom - night she enter the room . stands in the middle , stare at she reflection in the large vanity mirror . just stand there , then -- with a primal , anguish cry she claw at she throat , rip off she pearl necklace , which explode across the room . in a frenzy she tear at herself , she clothes , she hair ... then attack the room . she fling everything off the dresser and it fly clatter against the wall . she hurl a handmirror against the vanity , crack it . CUT to : 64 ext . a deck promenade , aft - night Rose run along the B deck promenade . she be dishevel , she hair fly . she be cry , she cheek streak with tear . but also angry , furious ! shake with emotion she do not understand ... hatred , self -hatred , desperation . a strolling couple watch she pass . shock at the emotional display in public . CUT to : 65 ext . poop deck - night Jack be kick back on one of the bench gaze at the star blaze gloriously overhead . think artist thought and smoking a cigarette . hear something , he turn as Rose run up the stair from the well deck . they be the only two on the stern deck , except for quartermaster rowe , twenty foot above they on the docking bridge catwalk . she do not see Jack in the shadow , and run right past he . tracking with rose as she run across the desert fantail . her breath hitches in a occasional sob , which she suppress . Rose slam against the base of the stern flagpole and cling there , panting . she stare out at the black water . then start to climb over the railing . she have to hitch she long dress way up , and climb be clumsy . move methodically she turn she body and get she heel on the white - paint gunwale , she back to the railing , face out toward blackness . 60 foot below she , the massive propeller be churn the atlantin into white foam , and a ghostly wake trail off toward the horizon . in a low angle , we see Rose stand like a figurehead in reverse . below she be the huge letter of the name " titanic " . she lean out , she arm straighten ... look down hypnotize , into the vortex below she . her dress and hair be lift by the wind of the ship 's movement . the only sound , above the rush of water below , be the flutter and snap of the big Union Jack right above she . jack do not do it . she whip she head around at the sound of he voice . it take a second for she eye to focus . rose stay back ! do not come any closer ! Jack see the tear track on she cheek in the faint glow from the stern run light . jack take my hand . I will pull you back in . rose no ! stay where you be . I mean it . I will let go . jack no you will not . rose what do you mean no I will not ? do not presume to tell I what I will and will not do . you do not know I . jack you would have do it already . now come on , take my hand . Rose be confuse now . she can not see he very well through the tear , so she wipe they with one hand , almost lose she balance . rose you be distracting I . go away . jack I can not . I be involved now . if you let go I have to jump in after you . rose do not be absurd . you will be kill . he take off he jacket . jack I be a good swimmer . he start unlace he leave shoe . rose the fall alone would kill you . jack it would hurt . I be not say it would not . to be honest I be a lot more concerned about the water be so cold . she look down . the reality factor of what she be do be sink in . rose how cold ? jack ( take off he leave shoe ) freeze . maybe a couple degree over . he start unlace he right shoe . jack ever be to Wisconsin ? rose ( perplex ) no . jack well they have some of the coldest winter around , and I grow up there , near chippewa Falls . once when I be a kid I and my father be ice-fish out on Lake wissota ... ice -fish 's where you chop a hole in the -- rose I know what ice fishing be ! jack sorry . just ... you look like kind of a indoor girl . anyway , I go through some thin ice and I be tellin ' ya , water that cold ... like that right down there ... it hit you like a thousand knife all over you body . you can not breath , you can not think ... least not about anything but the pain . ( take off he other shoe ) which be why I be not look forward to jump in after you . but like I say , I do not see a choice . I guess I be kinda hope you will come back over the rail and get I off the hook here . rose you be crazy . jack that 's what everybody say . but with all due respect , I be not the one hang off the back of a ship . he slide one step closer , like move up on a spook horse . jack come on . you do not want to do this . give I you hand . Rose stare at this madman for a long time . she look at he eye and they somehow suddenly seem to fill she universe . rose alright . she unfasten one hand from the rail and reach it around toward he . he reach out to take it , firmly . jack I be Jack Dawson . rose ( voice quavering ) please to meet you , Mr. Dawson . Rose start to turn . now that she have decide to live , the height be terrifying . she be overcome by vertigo as she shift she foot , turn to face the ship . as she start to climb , she dress get in the way , and one foot slip off the edge of the deck . she plunge , let out a pierce shriek . Jack , grip she hand , be jerk toward the rail . Rose barely grab a lower rail with she free hand . quartermaster rowe , up on the docking bridge hear the scream and head for the ladder . rose help ! help !! jack I have get you . I will not let go . Jack hold she hand with all he strength , brace himself on the railing with he other hand . Rose try to get some kind of foothold on the smooth hull . Jack try to lift she bodily over the railing . she can not get any foot in she dress and evening shoe , and she slip back . Rose scream again . Jack , awkwardly clutching Rose by whatever he can get a grip on as she flail , get she over the railing . they fall together onto the deck in a tangle heap , spin in such a way that Jack wind up slightly on top of she . rowe slide down the ladder from the docking bridge like it 's a fire drill and sprint across the fantail . rowe here , what 's all this ?! rowe run up and pull Jack off of Rose , revealing she dishevel and sobbing on the deck . her dress be tear , and the hem be push up above she knee , show one rip stock . he look at Jack , the shaggy steerage man with he jacket off , and the first class lady clearly in distress , and start draw conclusion . two seamen chug across the deck to join they . rowe ( to Jack ) here you , stand back ! do not move a inch ! ( to the seamen ) fetch the master at arm . CUT to : 66 ext . poop deck - night a few minute later . Jack be be detain by the burly master at arm , the close thing to a cop on board . he be handcuff Jack . Cal be right in front of Jack , and furious . he have obviously just rush out here with lovejoy and another man , and none of they have coat over they black tie evening dress . the other man be colonel ARCHIBALD gracie , a mustachioe blowhard who still have he brandy snifter . he offer it to Rose , who be hunch over cry on a bench nearby , but she wave it away . Cal be more concerned with Jack . he grab he by the lapel . cal what make you think you could put you hand on my fiancee ?! look at I , you filth ! what do you think you be do ?! rose Cal , stop ! it be a accident . cal a accident ?! rose it be ... stupid really . I be lean over and I slip . Rose look at Jack , get eye contact . rose I be lean way over , to see the ... ah ... propeller . and I slip and I would have go overboard ... and Mr. Dawson here save I and he almost go over himself . cal you want to see the propeller ? gracie ( shaking he head ) woman and machinery do not mix . master at arm ( to Jack ) be that the way of it ? Rose be begging he with she eye not to say what really happen . jack uh huh . that be pretty much it . he look at Rose a moment longer . now they have a secret together . colonel gracie well ! the boy 's a hero then . good for you son , well do ! ( to Cal ) so it 's all 's well and back to we brandy , eh ? Jack be uncuffed . Cal get Rose to she foot and move . cal ( rub she arm ) let 's get you in . you be freezing . Cal be leave without a second think for Jack . gracie ( low ) ah ... perhaps a little something for the boy ? cal oh , right . Mr. lovejoy . a twenty should do it . rose be that the go rate for save the woman you love ? cal Rose be displease . mmm ... what to do ? Cal turn back to Jack . he appraise he condescendingly ... a steerage ruffian , unwash and ill-mannered . cal I know . ( to Jack ) perhaps you could join we for dinner tomorrow , to regale we group with you heroic tale ? jack ( look straight at Rose ) sure . Count I in . cal good . settle then . Cal turn to go , put a protective arm around Rose . he lean close to Gracie as they walk away . cal this should be amusing . jack ( as lovejoy pass ) can I bum a cigarette ? lovejoy smoothly draw a silver cigarette case from he jacket and snap it open . Jack take a cigarette , then another , pop it behind he ear for later . lovejoy light Jack 's cigarette . lovejoy you will want to tie that . ( Jack look at he shoe ) interesting that the young lady slip so mighty all of a sudden and you still have time to take of you jacket and shoe . mmmm ? lovejoy 's expression be bland , but the eye be cold . he turn away to join he group . CUT to : 67 int . rose's bedroom - night as she undress for bed Rose see Cal stand in she doorway , reflect in the crack mirror of she vanity . he come toward she . cal ( unexpectedly tender ) I know you have een melancholy , and I do not pretent to know why . from behind he back he hand she a large black velvet jewel case . she take it , numbly . cal I intend to save this till the engagement gal next week . but I think tonight , perhaps a reminder of my feel for you ... Rose slowly open the box . Inside be the necklace ... " heart of the ocean " in all its glory . it be huge ... a malevolent blue stone glitter with a infinity of scalpel - like inner reflection . rose my God ... Cal . be it a -- cal daimond . yes it be . 56 carat . he take the necklace and during the follow place it around she throat . he turn she to the mirror , stare behind she . cal it be once wear by Louis the sixteenth . they call it Le Coeur de la mer , the -- rose the heart of the Ocean . Cal , it 's ... it 's overwhelming . he gaze at the image of the two of they in the mirror . cal it 's for royalty . and we be royalty . his finger caress she neck and throat . he seem himself to be disarm by Rose 's elegance and beauty . his emotion be , for the first time , unguard . cal there 's nothing I could not give you . there 's nothing I would deny you if you would deny I . open you heart to I , Rose . camera begin to track in on rose . closer and closer , during the follow : old rose ( v.o. ) of course he gift be only to reflect light back onto himself , to illuminate the greatness that be caledon hockley . it be a cold stone ... a heart of ice . finally , when Rose 's eye fill fram , we morph slowly to she eye as the be now ... transform through 84 year of life ... transition 68 int . keldysh imaging shack without a cut the wrinkle , weathered landscape of age have appear around she eye . but the eye themselves be the same . old rose after all this year , feel it close around my throat like a dog collar . the camera pull back to show she whole face . rose I can still feel its weight . if you could have feel it , not just see it ... lovett well , that 's the general idea , my dear . bodine so let I get this right . you be gonna kill yourself by jump off the Titanic ? ( he guffaw ) that 's great ! lovett ( warningly ) Lewis ... but Rose laugh with bodine . bodine ( still laugh ) all you have to do be wait two day ! lovett , stand out of Rose 's sightline , check he watch . hour have pass . this process be take too long . lovett Rose , tell we more about the diamond . what do hockley do with it after that ? rose Im afraid I be feel a little tired , Mr. lovett . lizzy pick up the cue and start to wheel she out . lovett wait ! can you give we something go on , here . like who have access to the safe . what about this lovejoy guy ? the valet . do he have the combination ? lizzy that 's enough . lizzy take she out . Rose 's old hand reapear at the doorway in a frail wave goodbye . CUT to : 69 ext . launch area / keldysh deck - day as the big hydraulic jib swing one of the mir sub out over the water . lovett walk as he talk with Bobby buell , the partner ' rep . they weave among deck crane , launch crew , sub maintenance guy . buell the partner be piss . brock Bobby , buy I time . I need time . buell we be run thirty thousand a day , and we be six day over . I be tell you what they be tell I . the hand be on the plug . it 's start to pull . brock well you tell the hand I need another two day ! Bobby , Bobby , Bobby ... we be close ! I smell it . I smell ice . she have the diamond on ... now we just have to find out where it wound up . I just gotta work she a bit more . okay ? Brock turn and see lizy stand behind he . she have overhear the past part of he dialogue with buell . he go to she and hustle she away from buell , toward a quite spot on the deck . brock hey , lizzy . I need to talk to you for a second . lizzy do not you mean work I ? brock look , I be run out of time . I need you help . lizzy I be not go to help you browbeat my hundred and ( more ) lizzy ( cont 'd ) one year old grandmother . I come down here to tell you to back off . brock ( with undisguise desperation ) lizzy ... you gotta understand something . I have bet it all to find the heart of the Ocean . I have get all my dough tie up in this thing . my wife even divorced I over this hunt . I need what 's lock inside you grandma 's memory . ( he hold out he hand ) you see this ? right here ? she look at he hand , palm up . empty . cupped , as if around a imaginary shape . lizzy what ? brock that 's the shape my hand 's gonna be when I hold that thing . you understand ? I be not leave here without it . lizzy look , Brock , she 's go to do this she way , in she own time . do not forget , she contact you . she 's out here for she own reason , God know what they be . lovett maybe she want to make peace with the past . lizzy what past ? she have never once , not once , ever say a word about be on the Titanic until two day ago . lovett then we be all meeting you grandmother for the first time . lizzy ( look at he hard ) you think she be really there ? lovett oh , yeah . yeah , I be a believer . she be there . CUT to : 70 int . imaging shack bodine start the tape recorder . Rose be gaze at the screen see the live feed from the wreck --snoop dog be move along the starboard side of the hull , head aft . the rectangular window of a deck ( forward ) march past on the right . rose the next day , Saturday , I remember think how the sunlight feel . dissolve to : 71 ext . B deck titanic - day match dissolve from the rusting hulk to the gleam new Titanic in 1912 , pass the end of the enclose promenade just as Rose walk into the sunlight right in front of we . she be stunningly dress and walk with purpose . old rose ( v.o. ) as if I have not feel the sun in year . it be saturday april 13 , 1912 . Rose unlatch the gate to go down into third class . the steerage man on the deck stop what they be do and stare at she . CUT to : 72 int . third CLASS general room the social center of steerage life . it be stark by comparison to the opulence of first class , but be a loud , boisterous place . there be mother with baby , kid run between the bench yell in several language and be scold in several more . there be old woman yell , man play chess , girl do needlepoint and read dime novel . there be even a upright piano and Tommy Ryan be noodle around it . Three boy , shriek and shouting , be scramble around chase a rat under the bench , try to whomp it with a shoe and cause general havoc . Jack be play with 5 year old cora cartmell , draw funny face together in he sketchbook . fabrizio be struggle to get a conversation go with a attractive norwegian girl , helga dahl , sit with she family at a table across the room . fabrizio no italian ? some little English ? helga no , no. norwegian . only . helga 's eye be catch by something . fabrizio look , do a take ... and Jack , curious , follow they gaze to see ... Rose , come toward they . the activity in the room stop ... a hush fall . Rose feel suddenly self - conscious as the steerage passenger stare openly at this princess , some with resentment , other with awe . she spot Jack and give a little smile , walk straight to he . he rise to meet she , smile . rose hello Jack . fabrizio and Tommy be floor . its like the slipper fitting cinderella . jack hello again . rose could I speak to you in private ? jack uh , yes . of course . after you . he motion she ahead and follow . Jack glance over he shoulder , one eyebrow raise , as he walk out with she leave a stunne silence . CUT to : 73 ext . boat deck - day Jack and Rose walk side by side . they pass people read and talk in steamer chair , some of whom glance curiously at the mismatch couple . he feel out of place in he rough clothes . they be both awkward , for different reason . jack so , you get a name by the way ? rose Rose . Rose dewitt bukater . jack that 's quite a moniker . I may hafta get you to write that down . there be a awkward pause . rose Mr. Dawson , I -- jack Jack . rose Jack ... I feel like such a idiot . it take I all morning to get up the nerve to face you . jack well , here you be . rose here I be . I ... I want to thank you for what you do . not just for ... for pull I back . but for you discretion . jack you be welcome . Rose . rose look , I know what you must be think ! poor little rich girl . what do she know about misery ? jack that 's not what I be think . what I be think be ... what could have happen to hurt this girl so much she though she have no way out . rose I do not ... it be not just one thing . it be everything . it be they , it be they whole world . and I be trap in it , like a insect in amber . ( in a rush ) I just have to get away ... just run and run and run ... and then I be at the back rail and there be no more ship ... even the Titanic be not big enough . not enough to get away from they . and before I would really though about it , I be over the rail . I be so furious . I will show they . they will be sorry ! jack uh huh . they will be sorry . ' course you will be dead . rose ( she lower she head ) oh God , I be such a utter fool . jack that penguin last night , be he one of they ? rose penguin ? oh , Cal ! he be they . jack be he you boyfriend ? rose worse I be afraid . she show he she engagement ring . a sizable diamond . jack gawd look at that thing ! you would have go straight to the bottom . they laugh together . a pass steward scowl at Jack , who be clearly not a first class passenger , but Rose just glare at he away . jack so you feel like you be stick on a train you can not get off ' cause you be marryin' this fella . rose yes , exactly ! jack so do not marry he . rose if only it be that simple . jack it be that simple . rose oh , Jack ... please do not judge I until you have see my world . jack well , I guess I will tonight . look for another topic , any other topic , she indicate he sketchbook . rose what 's this ? jack just some sketches . rose May I ? the question be rhetorical because she have already grab the book . she sit on a deck chair and open the sketchbook . on jack be sketches ... each one a expressive little bit of humanity : a old woman 's hand , a sleep man , a father and daughter at the rail . the face be luminous and alive . his book be a celebration of the human condition . rose Jack , this be quite good ! really , they be . jack well , they do not think too much of them in paree . some loose sketches fall out and be take by the wind . Jack scramble after they ... catch two , but the rest be go , over the rail . rose oh no ! oh , I be so sorry . truly ! jack well , they do not think too much of them in paree . he snap he wrist , shaking he draw hand in a flourish . jack I just seem to spew them out . besides , they be not worth a damn anyway . for emphasis he throw away the two he catch . they sail off . rose ( laugh ) you be derange ! she go back to the book , turn a page . rose well , well ... she have come upon a series of nude . Rose be transfix by the languid beauty he have create . his nude be soulful , real , with expressive hand and eye . they feel more like portrait than study of the human form ... almost uncomfortably intimate . Rose blushes , raise the book as some stroller go by . rose ( try to be very adult ) and this be draw from life ? jack yup . that 's one of the great thing about Paris . lot of girl willing take they clothes off . she study one draw in particular , the girl pose half in sunlight , half in shadow . her hand lie at she chin , one furle and one open like a flower , languid and graceful . the draw be like a Alfred steiglitz print of Georgia o'keefe . rose you like this woman . you use she several time . jack she have beautiful hand . rose ( smile ) I think you must have have a love affair with she ... jack ( laugh ) no , no ! just with she hand . rose ( look up from the drawing ) you have a gift , Jack . you do . you see people . jack I see you . there it be . that pierce gaze again . rose and ...? jack you would n'ta jump . CUT to : 74 int . reception room / d-deck - day Ruth be have tea with noel lucy martha dyer - edwardes , the countess of rothes , a 35ish English blue-blood with patirician feature . Ruth see someone come across the room and lower she voice . RUTH oh no , that vulgar Brown woman be come this way . get up , quickly before she sit with we . Molly Brown walk up , greeting they cheerfully as they be rise . molly hello girl , I be hope I would catch you at tea . RUTH we be awfully sorry you miss it . the countess and I be just off to take the air on the boat deck . molly that sound great . let 's go . I need to catch up on the gossip . Ruth grit she tooth as the three of they head for the Grand staircase to go up . tracking with they , as they cross the room , the shot hand off to Bruce ismay and Captain Smith at another table . ismay so you have not light the last four boiler then ? smith no , but we be make excellent time . ismay ( impatiently ) Captain , the press know the size of Titanic , let they marvel at she speed too . we must give they something new to print . and the maiden voyage of titnaic must make headline ! smith I prefer not to push the engine until they have be properly run in . ismay of course I leave it to you good office to decide what 's best , but what a glorious end to you last crossing if we get into New York Tuesday night and surprise they all . ( ismay slap he hand on the table ) retire with a bang , eh , e.j ? a beat . then Smith nod , stiffy . CUT to : 75 ext . a deck promenade - day Rose and Jack stroll aft , past people loung on deck chair in the slant late - afternoon light . steward scurry to serve tea or hot cocoa . rose ( girlish and excited ) you know , my dream have always be to just chuck it all and become a artist ... live in a garret , poor but free ! jack ( laugh ) you would not last two day . there 's no hot water , and hardly ever any caviar . rose ( angry in a flash ) listen , buster ... I hate caviar ! and I be tired of people dismiss my dream with a chuckle and a pat on the head . jack I be sorry . really ... I be . rose well , alright . there 's something in I , Jack . I feel it . I do not know what it be , whether I should be a artist , or , I do not know ... a dancer . like isadora Duncan .... a wild pagan spirit ... she leap forward , land deftly and whirl like a dervish . then she see something ahead and she face light up . rose ... or a move picture actress ! she take he hand and run , pull he along the deck toward -- daniel and mary marvin . Daniel be cranking the big wooden movie camera as she pose stiffly at the rail . marvin you be sad . sad , sad , sad . you have leave you lover on the shore . you may never see he agian . try to be sadder , darling . suddenly Rose shoot into the shot and strike a theatrical pose at the rail next to Mary . Mary burst out laugh . Rose pull Jack into the picture and make he pose . marvin grin and start yell and gesture . we see this in cut , with music and no dialogue . series of cut : Rose pose tragically at the rail , the back of she hand to she forehead . Jack on a deck chair , pretend to be a pasha , the two girl pantomime fan he like slave girl . Jack , on he knee , plead with he hand clasped while Rose , stand , turn she head in bored disdain . Rose cranking the camera , while Daniel and Jack have a western shoot -out . Jack win and leer into the lens , twirling a air mustache like snidely whiplash . CUT to : 76 ext . a deck promenade / aft - sunset paint with orange light , Jack and Rose lean on the a-deck rail aft , shoulder to shoulder . the ship 's light come on . it be a magical moment ... perfect . rose so then what , Mr. wandering Jack ? jack well , then log get to be too much like work , so I go down to Los angelas to the pier in Santa monica . that 's a swell place , they even have a rollercoaster . I sketch portrait there for ten cent a piece . rose a whole ten cent ?! jack ( not get it ) yeah ; it be great money ... I could make a dollar a day , sometimes . but only in summer . when it get cold , I decide to go to Paris and see what the real artist be do . rose ( look at the dusk sky ) why can not I be like you Jack ? just head out for the horizon whenever I feel like it . ( turn to he ) say we will go there , sometime ... to that pier ... even if we only ever just talk about it . jack alright , we be go . we will drink cheap beer and go on the rollercoaster until we throw up and we will ride horse on the beach ... right in the surf ... but you have to ride like a cowboy , none of that side - saddle stuff . rose you mean one leg on each side ? scandalous ! can you show I ? jack sure . if you like . rose ( smile at he ) I think I would . ( she look at the horizon ) and teach I to spit too . like a man . why should only man be able to spit . it 's unfair . jack they do not teach you that in finish school ? here , it 's easy . watch closely . he spit . it arc out over the water . jack you turn . Rose screw up she mouth and spit . a pathetic little bit of foamy spittle which mostly run down she chin before fall off into the water . jack nope , that be pitiful . here , like this ... you hawk it down ... hhhnnnk !... then roll it on you tongue , up to the front , like thith , then a big breath and plooow !! you see the range on that thing ? she go through the step . hawk it down , etc . he coaches she through it ( ad lib ) while do the step himself . she let fly . so do he . two comet of gob fly out over the water . jack that be great ! Rose turn to he , she face alight . suddenly she blanch . he see she expression and turn . RUTH , the countess of rothes , and Molly Brown have be watch they hawk lugee . Rose become instantly compose . rose mother , may I introduce Jack Dawson . RUTH charme , I be sure . Jack have a little spit run down he chin . he do not know it . Molly Brown be grin . as Rose proceed with the introduction , we hear ... old rose ( v.o. ) the other be gracious and curious about the man who would save my life . but my mother look at he like a insect . a dangerous insect which must be squash quickly . molly well , Jack , it sound like you be a good man to have around in a sticky spot -- they all jump as a bugler sound the meal call right behind they . molly why do they insist on always announce dinner like a damn cavalry charge ? rose shall we go dress , mother ? ( over she shoulder ) see you at dinner , Jack . RUTH ( as they walk away ) Rose , look at you ... out in the sun with no hat . honestly ! the countess exit with Ruth and Rose , leave Jack and Molly alone on deck . molly Son , do you have the slight comprehension of what you be do ? jack not really . molly well , you be about to go into the snakepit . I hope you be ready . what be you plan to wear ? Jack look down at he clothes . back up at she . he have not think about that . molly I figure . CUT to : 77 int . molly brown' stateroom Men 's suit and jacket and formal wear be strewn all over the place . Molly be have a fine time . Jack be dress , except for he jacket , and Molly be tie he bow tie . molly do not feel bad about it . my husband still can not tie one of this damn thing after 20 year . there you go . she pick up a jacket off the bed and hand it to he . Jack go into the bathroom to put it on . Molly start pick up the stuff off the bed . molly I gotta buy everything in three size ' cause I never know how much he 's be eat while I be away . she turn and see he , though we do not . molly my , my , my ... you shine up like a new penny . CUT to : 78 ext . boat deck / first class entrance - dusk a purple sky , shot with orange , in the west . drifting strain of classic music . we track with jack along the deck . by edwardian standard he look badass . dash in he borrow white - tie outfit , right down to he pearl stud . a steward bow and smartly open the door to the first class entrance . steward good evening , sir . Jack play the role smoothly . nod with just the right degree of disdain . CUT to : 79 int . upper landing / grand staircase and a-deck Jack step in and he breath be take away by the splendor spread out before he . overhead be the enormous glass dome , with a crystal chandelier at its center . sweep down six storey be the first class Grand staircase , the epitome of the opulent naval architecture of the time . and the people : the woman in they floor length dress , elaborate hairstyle and abundant jewelry ... the gentleman in evening dress , stand with one hand at the small of the back , talk quietly . Jack descend to a deck . several man nod a perfunctory greeting . he nod back , keep it simple . he feel like a spy . Cal come down the stair , with Ruth on he arm , cover in jewelry . they both walk right past Jack , neither one gecognize he . Cal nod at he , one go to another . but Jack barely have time to be amused . because just behind Cal and Ruth on the stair be Rose , a vision in red and black , she low - cut dress show off she neck and shoulder , she arm seathed in white glove that come well above above the elbow . Jack be hypnotize by she beauty . close on rose as she approach Jack . he imitate the gentleman 's stance , hand behind he back . she extend she glove hand and he take it , kissing the back of she finger . Rose flush , beam noticeably . she can not take she eye off he . jack I see that in a nickelodean once , and I always want to do it . rose Cal , surely you remember Mr. Dawson . cal ( catch off guard ) Dawson ! I do not recognize you . ( study he ) amazing ! you could almost pass for a gentleman . CUT to : 80 int . d-deck reception room CUT to the reception room on D deck , as the party descend to dinner . they encounter Molly Brown , look good in a bead dress , in she own busty broad -shoulder way . Molly grin when she see Jack . as they be go into the dining saloon she walk next to he , speak low : molly ai not nothin ' to it , be there , Jack ? jack yeah , you just dress like a pallbearer and keep you nose up . molly remember , the only thing they respect be money , so just act like you have get a lot of it and you be in the club . as they enter the swirl throng , Rose lean close to he , point out several notables . rose there 's the countess rothes . and that 's John Jacob astor ... the richest man on the ship . his little wifey there , madeleine , be my age and in a delicate condition . see how she 's try to hide it . quite the scandal . ( nodd toward a couple ) and over there , that 's Sir cosmo and lucile , Lady duff -gordon . she design naughty lingerie , among she many talent . very popular with the royal . Cal become engross in a conversation with cosmo duff -gordon and Colonel Gracie , while Ruth , the countess and Lucille discuss fashion . Rose picot Jack smoothly , to show he another couple , dress impeccably . rose and that 's Benjamin guggenheim and he mistress , Madame aubert . Mrs. guggenheim be at home with the child , of course . Cal , meanwhile , be accept the praise of he male counterpart , who be look at Rose like a prize show horse . sir cosmo hockley , she be splendid . cal thank you . gracie Cal 's a lucky man . I know he well , and it can only be luck . Ruth step over , hearing the last . she take Cal 's arm , somewhat coquettishly . RUTH how can you say that Colonel ? caledon hockley be a great catch . the entourage stroll toward the dining saloon , where they run into the astor 's go through the ornate double door . rose j.j. , madeleine , I would like you to meet Jack Dawson . astor ( shaking he hand ) good to meet you Jack . be you of the Boston dawson ? jack no , the chippewa Falls dawson , actually . j.j. nod as if he 's hear of they , then look puzzle . madeleine astor appraise Jack and whisper girlishly to Rose : madeleine it 's a pity we be both speak for , be not it ? CUT to : 81 int . dine SALOON like a ballroom at the palace , alive and light by a constellation of chandelier , full of elegantly dress people and beautiful music from bandleader wallace hartley be small orchestra . as Rose and Jack enter and move across the room to they table , Cal and Ruth beside they , we hear ... old rose ( v.o. ) he must have be nervous but he never falter . they assume he be one of they ... a young captain of industry perhaps ... new money , obviously , but still a memeber of the club . mother of course , could always be count upon ... CUT to : 82 int . dine SALOON close on RUTH . RUTH tell we of the accommodation in steerage , Mr. Dawson . I hear they be quite good on this ship . wider : the table . Jack be seat opposite Rose , who be flanke by Cal and Thomas andrew . also at the table be Molly Brown , ismay , Colonel Gracie , the countess , guggenheim , Madame aubert , and the astor . jack the best I have see , m'am . hardly any rat . Rose motion surreptitiously for Jack to take he napkin off he plate . cal Mr. Dawson be join we from third class . he be of some assistance to my fiancee last night . ( to Jack , as if to a child ) this be foie gras . it 's goose liver . we see whisper exchange . Jack becomesthe subject of furtive glance . now they be all feel terribly liberal and dangerous . guggenheim ( low to Madame aubert ) what be hockly hope to prove , bring this ... bohemian ... up here ? waiter ( to Jack ) how do you take you caviar , sir ? cal ( answer for he ) just a soupcon of lemon ... ( to Jack , smile ) ... it improve the flavor with champagne . jack ( to the waiter ) no caviar for I , thanks . ( to Cal ) never do like it much . he look at Rose , pokerface , and she smile . RUTH and where exactly do you live , Mr. Dawson ? jack well , right now my address be the rms Titanic . after that , I be on God 's good humor . salad be serve . Jack reach for the fish fork . Rose give he a look and pick up the salad fork , prompt he with she eye . he change fork . RUTH you find that sort of rootless existence appeal , do you ? jack well ... it 's a big world , and I want to see it all before I go . my father be always talkin ' about goin ' to see the ocean . he die in the town he be bear in , and never do see it . you can not wait around , because you never know what hand you be go to get deal next . see , my folk die in a fire when I be fifteen , and I have be on the road since . somethin ' like that teach you to take life as it come at you . to make each day count . Molly Brown raise she glass in a salute . molly well say , Jack . colonel gracie ( raise he glass ) here , here . Rose raise she glass , look at Jack . rose to make it count . Ruth , annoyed that Jack have score a point , press he further . RUTH how be it you have the mean to travel , Mr. Dawson ? jack I work my way from place to place . tramp steamer and such . I win my ticket on Titanic here in a lucky hand at poker . ( he glance at Rose ) a very lucky hand . gracie all life be a game of luck . cal a real man make he own luck , archie . Rose notice that Thomas andrew , sit next to she , be write in he notebook , completely ignore the conversation . rose Mr. andrew , what be you do ? I see you everywhere write in this little book . ( grab it and read ) increase number of screw in hat hook from 2 to 3 . you build the biggest ship in the world and this preoccupy you ?! andrew smile sheepishly . ismay he know every rivet in she , do not you Thomas ? andrews all three million of they . ismay his blood and soul be in the ship . she may be mine on paper , but in the eye of God she belong to Thomas andrew . rose you ship be a wonder , Mr. andrew . truly . andrews thankyou , Rose . we see that andrew have come under Rose 's spell . 83 time transition : dessert have be serve and a waiter arrive with cigar in a humidor on a wheeled cart . the man start clipping end and lighting . rose ( low , to Jack ) nest it will be brandy in the smoke room . gracie ( rise ) well , join I for a brandy , gentleman ? rose ( low ) now they retreat into a cloud of smoke and congratulate each other on be master of the universe . gracie join we , Dawson ? you do not want to stay out here with the woman , do you ? actually he do , but ... jack no thanks . I be head back . cal probably best . it will be all business and politics , that sort of thing . would not interest you . good of you to come . Cal and the other gentleman exit . rose Jack , must you go ? jack time for my coach to turn back into a pumpkin . he lean over to take she hand . insert : we see he slip a tiny fold not into she palm . Ruth , scowling , watch he walk away across the enormous room . Rose surreptitiously open the note below table level . it read : " make it count . meet I at the clock " . CUT to : 84 int . a-deck foyer-night Rose cross the a - deck foyer , sighting Jack at the landing above . overhead be the crystal dome . Jack have he back to she , study the ornate clock with its carve figure of honor and glory . it softly strike the hour . moving with rose as she go up the sweeping staircase toward he . he turn , see she ... smile . jack want to go to a real party ? CUT to : 85 int . third CLASS general room crow lead and alive with music , laughter and raucous carry on . a ad hoc band be gather near the upright piano , honk out lively stomping music on fiddle , accoridon and tambourine . people of all age be dance , drink beer and wine , smoking , laugh , even brawling . Tommy hand Rose a pint of stout and she hoist it . Jack meanwhile dance with 5 year old cora cartmell , or try to , with she stand on he foot . as the tune end , Rose lean down to the little girl . rose May I cut in , miss ? jack you be still my best girl , cora . cora scamper off . Rose and Jack face each other . she be tremble as he take she right hand in he leave . his other hand slide to the small of she back . it be a electrify moment . rose I do not know the step . jack just move with I . do not think . the music start and they be off . a little awkward at first , she start to get into it . she grin at Jack as she start to get the rhythm of the steop . rose wait ... stop ! she bend down , pull off she high heele shoe , and fling they to Tommy . then she grab Jack and they plunge back into the fray , dance faster as the music speed up . CUT to : 86 omitted 87 int . third CLASS general room the scene be rowdy and rollick . a table get knock over as a drunk crash into it . and in the middle of it ... Rose dance with Jack in she stock foot . the step be fast and she shine with sweat . a space open around they , and people watch they , clap as the band play faster and faster . fabrizio and helga . Dancing have obviate the need for a common language . he whirl she , then she respond by whirling he ... fabrizio 's eye go wide when he realize she 's stronger than he be . the tune end in a mad rush . Jack step away from Rose with a flourish , allow she to take a bow . exhilated and slightly tipsy , she do a graceful ballet ployer , foot turn out perfectly . everyone laugh and applaud . Rose be a hit with the steerage folk , who have never have a lady party with they . they move to a table , flushed and sweaty . Rose grab fabrizio 's cigarette and take a big drag . she 's feel cocky . fabrizio be grin , hold hand with helga . jack how you two doin ' ? fabrizio I do not know hwat she 's say , she do not know what I say , so we get along fine . Tommy walk up with a pint for each of they . Rose chug hers , show off . rose you think a first class girl can not drink ? everybody else be dance again , and bjorn gundersen crash into Tommy , who sloshes he beer over Rose 's dress . she laugh , not caring . but Tommy lunge , grab bjorn and wheeling he around . tommy you stupid bastard !! bjorn come around , he fist come up ... and Jack leap into the middle of it , push they apart . jack boy , boy ! do I ever tell you the one about the swede and the irishman goin ' to the whorehouse ? Tommy stand there , all piss and vinegar , chest puffed up . then he grin and clap bjorn on the shoulder . rose so , you think you be big tough man ? let 's see you do this . in she stock foot she assume a ballet stance , arm raise , and go up on point , take she entire weight on the tip of she toe . the guy gape at she incredible muscle control . she come back down , then she face screw up in pain . she grab one foot , hopping around . rose oooowww ! I have not do that in year . Jack catch she as she lose she balance , and everyone crack up . the door to the well deck be open a few inch as lovejoy watch through the gap . he see Jack hold Rose , both of they laugh . lovejoy close the door . CUT to : 88 ext . boat deck - night the star blaze overhead , so bright and clear you can see the milky Way . Rose and Jack walk along the row of lifeboat . still giddy from the party , they be sing a popular song " come josephine in my Flying Machine " . jack / rose come josephine in my fly machine and it 's up she go ! up she go ! in the air she go . where ? there she go ! they fumble the word and break down laugh . they have reach the first class entrance , but do not go straight in , not want the evening to end . through the door the sound of the ship 's orchestra waft gently . Rose grab a davit and lean back , stare at the cosmos . rose be not it magnificent ? so grand and endless . she go to the rail and lean on it . rose they be such small people , Jack ... my crowd . they think they be giant on the earth , but they be not even dust in God 's eye . they live inside this little tiny champagne bubble ... and someday the bubble 's go to burst . he lean at the rail next to she , he hand just touch hers . it be the slight contact imaginable , and all either one of they can feel be that square inch of skin where they hand be touch . jack you be not one of they . there 's be a mistake . rose a mistake ? jack uh huh . you get mail to the wrong address . rose ( laugh ) I do , do not I ? ( more ) rose ( cont 'd ) ( point suddenly ) look ! a shoot star . jack that be a long one . my father use to say that whenever you see one , it be a soul go to heaven . rose I like that . be not we suppose to wish on it ? Jack look at she , and find that they be suddenly very close together . it would be so easy to move another couple of inch , to kiss she . Rose seem to be think the same thing . jack what would you wish for ? after a beat , Rose pull back . rose something I can not have . ( she smile sadly ) goodnight , Jack . and thank you . she leave the rail and hurry through the first class entrance . jack Rose !! but the door bang shut , and she be go . back to she world . CUT to : 89 int . orse and cal be suite / private promenade - day sunday april 14 , 1912 . a bright clear day . sunlight splash across the promenade . Rose and Cal be have breakfast in silence . the tension be palpable . trudy bolt , in she may 's uniform , pour the coffee and go inside . cal I have hope you would come to I last night . rose I be tired . cal yes . you exertion below deck be no doubt exaust . rose ( stiffening ) I see you have that undertaker of a manservant follow I . cal you will never behave like that again ! do you understand ? rose I be not some foreman in you mill than you can command ! I be you fiancee -- Cal explode , sweeping the breakfast china off the table with a crash . he move to she in one shocking moment , glower over she and grip the side of she chair , so she be trap between he arm . cal yes ! you be ! and my wife ... in practice , if not yet by law . so you will honor I , as a wife be require to honor she husband ! I will not be make out a fool ! be this in any way unclear ? Rose shrink into the chair . she see trudy , freeze , partway through the door bring the orange juice . Cal follow Rose 's glance and straighten up . he stalk past the may , enter the stateroom . rose we ... have a little accident . I be sorry , trudy . CUT to : 90 int . ruth's suite - day Rose be dress for the day , and be in the middle of help Ruth with she corset . the tight binding do not inhibit Ruth 's fury at all . RUTH you be not to see that boy again , do you understand I Rose ? I forbid it ! Rose have she knee at the base of she mother 's back and be pull the corset string with both hand . rose oh , stop it , mother . you will give yourself a nosebleed . Ruth pull away from she , and cross to the door , lock it . clack ! RUTH ( wheeling on she ) Rose , this be not a game ! we situation be precarious . you know the money 's go ! rose of course I know it 's go . you remind I every day ! RUTH you father leave we nothing but a legacy of bad debt hide by a good name . and that name be the only card we have to play . Rose turn she around and grab the corset string again . Ruth suck in she waist and Rose pull . RUTH I do not understand you . it be a fine match with hockley , and it will insure we survival . rose ( hurt and lose ) how can you put this on my shoulder ? Rose turn to she , and we see what Rose see -- the naked fear in she mother 's eye . RUTH do you want to se I work as a seamstress ? be that what you want ? do you want to see we fine thing sell at a auction , we memory scattered to the wind ? my God , Rose , how can you be so selfish ? rose it 's so unfair . RUTH of course it 's unfair ! we be woman . we choice be never easy . Rose pull the corset tighter . CUT to : 91 int . first CLASS dine SALOON at the divine service , Captain Smith be lead a group in the hymn " almighty Father strong to save . " Rose and Ruth sing in the middle of the group . lovejoy stand well back , keep a eye on Rose . he notice a commotion at the entry door . Jack have be halt there by two steward . he be dress in he third class clothes , and stand there , hat in hand , look out of place . steward look , you , you be not suppose to be in here . jack I be just here last night ... do not you remember ? ( see lovejoy come toward he ) he will tell you . lovejoy Mr. hockley and Mrs. dewitt bukater continue to be most appreciative of you assistance . they ask I to give you this in gratitude -- he hold out two twenty dollar bill , which Jack refuse to take . jack I do not want money , I -- lovejoy -- and also to remind you that you hold a third class ticket and you presence here be no longer appropriate . Jack spot Rose but she do not see he . jack I just need to talk to Rose for a-- lovejoy gentlemen , please see that Mr. Dawson get back where he belong . ( give the twenty to the steward ) and that he stay there . steward yes sir ! ( to Jack ) come along you . end on rose , not see Jack hustle out . rose ( sing ) o hear we when we cry to thee for that in peril on the sea . CUT to : 92 int . gymnasium - day a edwardian nautilus room . there be machine we recognize , and some do not . a woman pedal a stationary bicycle in a long dress , look ridiculous . Thomas andrew be lead a small tour group , include Rose , Ruth and Cal . Cal be wroke the oar of a stationary row machine with a well train stroke . cal remind I of my Harvard day . t.w. mccauley , the gym instructor , be a bouncy little man in white flannel , eager to show off he modern equipment , like he present - day counterpart on a " abflex " infomercial . he hit a switch and a machine with a saddle on it start to undulate . Rose put she hand on it , curious . mccauley the electric horse be very popular . we even have a electric camel . ( to Ruth ) Care to try you hand at the row , m'am ? RUTH do not be absurd . I can not think of a skill I should likely need less . andrews the next stop on we tour will be bridge . this way , please . CUT to : 93 ext . aft well deck , b-deck and a- deck - day Jack , walk with determination , be follow closely by Tommy and fabrizio . he quickly climb the step to b- deck and step over the gate separate 3rd from 2nd class . tommy she 's a goddess amongst mortal man , there 's no denyin' . but she 's in another world , Jackie , forget she . she 's close the door . Jack move furtively to the wall below the a - deck promenade , aft . jack it be they , not she . ( glance around the deck ) ready ... go . Tommy shake he head resignedly and put he hand together , crouching down . Jack step into Tommy 's hand and get boost up to the next deck , where he scramble nimbly over the railing , onto the first class deck . tommy he 's not bein ' logical , I tell ya . fabrizio Amore be 'a not logical . CUT to : 94 ext . a- deck / aft - day a man be play with he son , who be spin a top with a string . the man 's overcoat and hat be sit on a deck chair nearby . Jack emerge from behind one of the huge deck crane and calmly pick up the coat and bowler hat . he walk away , slip into the coat , and slick he hair back with spit . then put the hat on at a jaunty angle . at a distance he could pass for a gentleman . CUT to : 95 int . bridge / chartroom - day harold bride , the 21 year old junior wireless Operator , hustle in and skirt around andrew ' tour group to hand a marconigram to Captain Smith . bride another ice warning , sir . this one from the " baltic " . smith thankyou , spark . Smith glance at the message then nonchalantly put it in he pocket . he nod reassuringly to Rose and the group . smith not to worry , it 's quite normal for this time of year . in fact , we be speed up . I have just order the last boiler light . andrew scowl slightly before motion the group toward the door . they exit just as second officer charle herbert lightoller come out of the chartroom , stop next to first Officer murdoch . lightoller do we ever find that binocular for the lookout ? first officer murdoch have not see they since southampton . CUT to : 96 ext . boat deck / starboard side - day andrew lead the group back from the bridge along the boat deck . rose Mr. andrew , I do the sum in my head , and with the number of lifeboat time the capacity you mention ... forgive I , but it seem that there be not enough for everyone aboard . andrews about half , actually . Rose , you miss nothing , do you ? in fact , I put in this new type davit , which can take a extra row of boat here . ( he gesture along the eck ) but it be think ... by some ... that the deck would look too cluttere . so I be over-rule . cal ( slapping the side of a boat ) waste of deck space as it be , on a unsinkable ship ! andrews sleep soundly , young Rose . I have build you a good ship , strong and true . she 's all the lifeboat you need . as they be pass Boat 7 , a gentleman turn from the rail and walk up behind the group . it be Jack . he tap Rose on the arm and she turn , gasp . he motion and she cut away from the group toward a door which Jack hold open . they duck into the -- CUT to : 97 int . gymnasium - day Jack close the door behind she , and glance out through the ripple - glass window to the starboard rail , where the gym instructor be chat up the woman who be riding the bike . Rose and Jack be alone in the room . rose Jack , this be impossible . I can not see you . he take she by the shoulder . jack Rose , you be no picnic ... you be a spoiled little brat even , but under that you be a strong , pure heart , and you be the most amazingly astounding girl I have ever know and -- rose Jack , I - - jack no wait . let I try to get this out . you be amazing ... and I know I have nothing to offer you , Rose . I know that . but I be involved now . you jump , I jump , remember ? I can not turn away without knowin ' that you be goin ' to be alright . Rose feel the tear come to she eye . Jack be so open and real ... not like anyone she have ever know . rose you be make this very hard . I will be fine . really . jack I do not think so . they have get you in a glass jar like some butterfly , and you be goin ' to die if you do not break out . maybe not right away , ' cause you be strong . but sooner or later the fire in you be goin ' to go out . rose it 's not up to you to save I , Jack . jack you be right . only you can do that . rose I have to get back , they will miss I . please , Jack , for both we sake , leave I alone . CUT to : 98 int . first CLASS loung - day the most elegant room on the ship , do in Louis quinze versaille style . Rose sit on a divan , with a group of other woman array around she . Ruth , the countess rothes and Lady duff - Gordon be take tea . Rose be silent and still as a porcelain figurine as the conversation wash around she . RUTH of course the invitation have to be send back to the printer twice . and the bridesmaid dress ! let I tell you what a odyssey that have be ... tracking slowly in on Rose as Ruth go on . reverse , rose's Pov : a tabeau of mother and daughter have tea . the four year old girl , wear white glove , daintily pick up a cookie . the mother correct she on she posture , and the way she hold the teacup . the little girl be try so hard to please , she expression serious . a glimpse of Rose at that age , and we see the relentless conditioning ... the pain to become a edwardian geisha . on rose . she calmly and deliberately turn she teacup over , spilling tea all over she dress . rose oh , look what I have do . CUT to : 99 ext . titanic - day titanic steam toward US , in the dusk light , as if light by the ember of a giant fire . as the ship loom , filling frame , we push in on the bow . Jack be there , right at the apex of the bow railing , he favorite spot . he close he eye , let the chill wind clear he head . Jack hear she voice , behind he ... rose hello , Jack . he turn and she be stand there . rose I change my mind . he smile at she , he eye drink she in . her cheek be red with the chill wind , and she eye sparkle . her hair blow wildly about she face . rose fabrizio say you might be up -- jack sssshh . come here . he put he hand on she waist . as if he be go to kiss she . jack Close you eye . she do , and he turn she to face forward , the way the ship be go . he press she gently to the rail , stand right behind she . then he take she two hand and raise they until she be stand with she arm outstetch on each side . Rose be go along with he . when he lower he hand , she arm stay up ... like wing . jack okay . open they . Rose gasp . there be nothing in she field of vision but water . it 's like there be no ship under they at all , just the two of they soar . the Atlantic unroll toward she , a hammer copper shield under a dusk sky . there be only the wind , and the hiss of the water 50 feel below . rose I be fly ! she lean forward , arching she back . he put he hand on she waist to steady she . jack ( sing softly ) come josephine in my fly machine ... Rose clese she eye , feel herself float weightless far above the sea . she smile dreamily , then lean back , gently press she back against he chest . he push forward slightly against she . slowly he raise he hand , arm outstretch , and they meet hers ... fingertip gently touch . then they finger intertwine . move slowly , they finger caress through and around each other like the body of two lover . Jack tip he face forward into she blow hair , let the scent of she wash over he , until he cheek be agianst she ear . Rose turn she head until she lip be near he . she lower she arm , turn further , until she find he mouth with hers . he wrap he arm around she from behind , and they kiss like this with she head turn and tilt back , surrender to he , to the emotion , to the inevitable . they kiss , slowly and tremulously , and then with building passion . Jack and the ship seem to merge into one force of power and optimism , lift she , buoy she forward on a magical journey , soar onward into a night without fear . 100 in the crow' nest , high above and behind they , lookout frederick fleet nudge he mate , reginald lee , point down at the figure in the bow . fleet wish I have that bleedin ' binocular . 101 jack and rose , embrace at the bow rail , dissolve slowly away , leave the ruin bow of the wreck -- CUT to : 102 int . keldysh imaging shack old rose blink , seem to come back to the present . she see the wreck on the screen , the sad ghost ship deep in the abyss . rose that be the last time Titanic ever see daylight . Brock lovett change the tape in the minicassette recorder . brock so we be up to dusk on the night of the sink . six hour to go . bodine do not you love it ? there 's Smith , he 's stand there with the iceberg warning in he fuck hand ... ( remember Rose ) ... excuse I ... in he hand , and he 's order more speed . brock 26 year of experience work against he . he figure anything big enough to sink the ship they be go to see in time to turn . but the ship 's too big , with too small a rudder ... it can not corner worth shit . everything he know be wrong . rose be ignore this conversation . she have the art - nouveau comb with the jade butterfly on the handle in she hand , turn it slowly . she be watch a monitor , which show the ruin of suite b-52/56 . push in until the image fill frame . transition : 103 int . rose's suite ... 1912 . like in a dream the beautiful woodwork and satin upholstery emerge from the rusted ruin . Jack be overwhelm by the opulence of the room . he set he sketchbood and draw material on the marble table . rose will this light do ? do not artist need good light ? jack ( bad french accent ) Zat be true , I be not use to work in such ' orreeble condition . ( see the painting ) hey ... Monet ! he crouch next to the painting stack against the wall . jack be not he great ... the use of color ? I see he once ... through a hole in this garden fence in Giverny . she go into the adjoin walk - in wardrobe closet . he see she go to the safe and start work the combination . he 's fascinate . rose Cal insist on luggin this thing everywhere . jack should I be expect he anytime soon ? rose not as long as the cigar and brandy hold out . clunk ! she unlock the safe . glancing up , she meet he eye in the mirror behind the safe . she open it and remove the necklace , then hold it out to Jack who take it nervously . jack what be it ? a sapphire ? rose a diamond . a very rare diamond , call the heart of the Ocean . Jack gaze at wealth beyond he comprehension . rose I want you to draw I like you french girl . wearing this . ( she smile at he ) wearing only this . he look up at she , surprised , and we CUT to : 104 rose's bedroom . on the butterfly comb as Rose draw it out of she hair . she shake she head and she hair fall free around she shoulder . 105 in the sitting room Jack be lay out he pencil like surgical tool . his sketchbook be open and ready . he look up as she come into the room , wear a silk kimono . rose the last thing I need be another picture of I look like a china doll . as a pay customer , I expect to get what I want . she hand he a dime and step back , parting the kimono . the blue stone lie on she creamy breast . her heart be pound as she slowly lower the robe . jakc look so stricken , it be almost comical . the kimono drop to the floor ( this be all in cut , lyrical ) . rose tell I when it look right to you . she pose on the divan , settling like a cat into the position we remember from the draw ... almost . jack uh ... just bend you leave leg a little and ... and lower you head . eye to I . that 's it . Jack start to sketch . he drop he pencil and she stifles a laugh . rose I believe you be blush , Mr. Big artiste . I can not imagine monsieur Monet blush . jack ( sweat ) he do landscape . tight on jack as he eye come up to look at she over the top edge of he sketchpad . we have see this image of he before , in she memory . it be a image she will carry the rest of she life . despite he nervousness , he draw with sure stroke , and what emerge be the best thing he have ever do . her pose be languid , she hand beautiful , and she eye radiate she energy . push slowly in on rose's face ... transition : 106 int . keldysh / imaging shack match dissolve /morph to Rose , 101 year old . only she eye be the same . old rose my heart be pound the whole time . it be the most erotic moment of my life ... up till then at least . CUT to reverse : a semicircle of listener stare in rapt , freeze silence . the story of Jack and Rose have finally and completely grab they . bodine what , uh ... happen next ? old rose ( smile ) you mean , do we " do it " ? CUT to : 107 int . rose and cal be suite - night back to 1912 . Jack be signing the draw . Rose , wear she kimono again , be lean on he shoulder , watch . old rose ( v.o. ) sorry to disappoint you Mr. bodine . Rose gaze at the draw . he have x-ray she soul . rose date it , Jack . I want to always remember this night . he do : 4/14/1912 . Rose meanwhile scribbles a note on a piece of Titanic stationary . we do not see what it say . she accept the draw from he , and cross to the safe in the wardrobe . she put the diamond back in the safe , place hte draw and the note on top of it . close the door with a clunk ! CUT to : 108 int . first CLASS smoking room - night lovejoy enter from the Palm Court through the revolve door and cross the room toward hockley . a fire be blaze in the marble fireplace , and the usual fatcat be play card , drink and talk . Cal see lovejoy and detach from he group , come to he . lovejoy none of the steward have see she . cal ( low but forceful ) this be ridiculous , lovejoy . find she . CUT to : 109 ext . atlantic - night titanic glide across a unnatural sea , blakc and calm as a pool of oil . the ship light be mirrore almost perfectly in the black water . the sky be brilliant with star . a meteor trace a bright line across the heaven . 110 on the bridge , Captain Smith peer out at the blackness ahead of the ship . quartermaster hitchin bring he a cup of hot tea with lemon . it steam in the bitter cold of the open bridge . second Officer lightoller be next to he , stare out at the sheet of black glass the Atlantic have become . lightoller I do not think I have ever see such a flat calm , in 24 year at sea . smith yes , like a mill pond . not a breath of wind . lightoller it 's make the berg harder to see , with no break water at the base . smith mmmmm . well , I be off . maintain speed and head , Mr. lightoller . lightoller yes sir . smith and wake I , of course , if anything become in the slight degree doubtful . CUT to : 111 int . rose and cal' suite Rose , fully dress now , return to the sit room . they hear a key in the lock . Rose take Jack 's hand and lead he silently through the bedroom . lovejoy enter by the sit room door . lovejoy miss Rose ? hello ? he hear a door open and go through Cal 's room toward hers . CUT to : 112 int . corridor outside suite Rose and Jack come out of she stateroom , close the door . she lead he quickly along the corridor toward the B deck foyer . they be halfway across the open space when the sit room door open in the corridor and lovejoy come out . the valet see Jack with Rose and hustle after they . rose come on ! she and Jack break into a run , surprising the few lady and gentleman about . Rose lead he past the stair to the bank of elevator . they run into one , shocking the hell out of the operator . rose take we down . quickly , quickly ! the Operator scramble to comply . Jack even help he close the steel gate . lovejoy run up as the lift start to descend . he slam one hand on the bar of the gate . Rose make a very rude and unladylike gesture , and laugh as lovejoy disappear above . the Operator gape at she . CUT to : 113 int . e-deck foyer / elevator lovejoy emerge from another lift and run to the one Jack and Rose be in . the Operator be just close the gate to go back up . lovejoy run around the bank of elevator and scan the foyer ... no Jack and Rose . he try the stair go down to F - deck . CUT to : 114 int . f-deck corridor / fan room a functional space , with access to a number of machine space ( fan room , boiler uptake ) . Jack and Rose be lean against a wall , laugh . jack pretty tough for a valet , this fella . rose he 's a ex-pinkerton . Cal 's father hire he to keep Cal out of trouble ... to make sure he always get back to the hotel with he wallet and watch , after some crawl through the less reputable part of town ... jack kinda like we be doin ' right now -- uh oh ! lovejoy have spot they from a cross -corridor nearby . he charge toward they . Jack and Rose run around a corner into a blind alley . there be one door , mark crew only , and Jack fling it open . 115 they enter a roaring ran room , with no way out but a ladder go down . Jack latch the deadbolt on the door , and lovejoy slam against it a moment later . Jack grin at Rose , point to the ladder . jack after you , m'lady . CUT to : 116 int . boiler room five and six Jack and Rose come down the escape ladder and look around in amazement . it be like a vision of hell itself , with the roaring furnace and black figure move in the smoky glow . they run the length of the boiler room , dodging amaze stoker , and trimmer with they wheelbarrows of coal . jack ( shouting over the din ) carry on ! do not mind we ! they run through the open watertight door into boiler room six . Jack pull she through the fiercely hot alley between two boiler and they wind up in the dark , out of sight of the work crew . watch from the shadow , they see the stoker work in the hellish glow , shovel coal into the insatiable maw of the furnace . the whole place thunder with the roar of the fire . CUT to : 117 int . first CLASS smoking room amid unparalled luxury , Cal sit at a card game , sip brandy . colonel gracie we be go like hell I Tel you . I have fifty dollar that say we make it into New York Tuesday night ! Cal look at he gold pocket watch , and scowl , not listen . CUT to : 118 omitted 119 int . boiler room six the furnace roar , silhouett the glisten stoker . Jack kiss Rose 's face , taste the sweat trickle down from she forehead . they kiss passionately in the steamy , pound darkness . CUT to : 120 int . hold # 2 Jack and Rose enter and run laugh between the row of stack cargo . she hug herself against the cold , after the drip heat of the boiler room . they come upon William Carter 's brand new renault touring car , lash down to a pallet . it look like a royal coach from a fairy tale , its brass trim and headlamps nicely set off by its deep burgundy color . Rose climb into the plushly upholster back seat , act very royal . there be cut crystal bud vase on the wall back there , each contain a rise . Jack jump into the driver 's seat , enjoy hte feel of the leather and wood . jack where to , miss ? rose to the star . on jack as she hand come out of the shadow and pull he over the seat into the back . he land next to she , and he breath seem loud in the quiet darkness . he look at she and she be smile . it be the moment of truth . jack be you nervous ? rose au contraire , mon cher . he stroke she face , cherish she . she kiss he artist 's finger . rose put you hand on I Jack . he kiss she , and she slide down in the seat under he welcome weight . CUT to : 121 int . wireless room a brilliant arc of electricity fill frame -- the spark gap of the marconi instrument as senior wireless operator jack phillip ( 24 ) rapidly key out a message . junior Operator bride look through the huge stack of outgo message swamp they . bride look at this one , he want he private train to meet he . La dee da . ( slap they down ) we will be up all bloody night on this lot . Phillips start to receive a income message from a nearby ship , the leyland frieghter californian , which jam he outgo signal . at such close range , the beep be deafen . phillip Christ ! it 's that idiot on the Californian . cursing , Phillips furiously key a rebuke . CUT to : 122 int . / ext . wireless shak / freighter californian wireless operater cyril evan pull he earphone off he ear as the Titanic 's spark deafen he . he translate the message for third officer grove . evan stupid bastard . I try to warn he about the ice , and he say " keep out . shut up . I be work cape Race . " grove now what 's he send ? evan " no seasickness . poker business good . Al " . well that 's it for I . I be shutting down . as Evans wearily switch off he generator , grove go out on deck . pan off him to reveal the ship be stop fifty yard from the edge of a field of pack ice and iceberg stretch as far as the eye can see . CUT to : 123 ext . ocean / titanic on titanic , steaming hellbent through the darkness , hurl up white water at the bow . the bow come straight at we , until the bow wave wipe the frame -- CUT to : 124 int . hold # 2 pushing in on the rear window of the renault , which be completely fogge up . Rose 's hand come up and slam against the glass for a moment , make a handprint in the veil of condensation . inside the car , Jack 's overcoat be liek a blanket over they . it stir and Rose pull it down . they be huddle under it , intertwined , still mostly clothed . they face be flushed and they look at each other wonderingly . she put she hand on he face , as if make sure he be real . rose you be tremble . jack it 's okay . I be alright . he lay he cheek against she chest . jack I can feel you heart beat . she hug he head to she chest , and just hold on for dear life . old rose ( v.o. ) well , I be not the first teenage girl to get seduce in the backseat of a car , and certainly not the last , by several million . he have such fine hand , artist ' hand , but strong too ... roughen by work . I remember they touch even now . CUT to : 125 ext . atlantic / titanic - night the bow sweep under we , and the camera climb toward the foremast and the tiny half - cylinder of the crow 's nest , which grow as we push in on lookout fleet and Lee . they be stamp they foot and swinging they arm , try to keep warm in the 22 knot freezing wind , which whip capor of they breath away behind . fleet you can smell ice , you know , when it 's near . lee bollock . fleet well I can . CUT to : 126 int . boiler room six without hearing hte word over the roar of the furnace , we see stoker tell two steward which way Rose and Jack go . the steward move off toward the forward hold . CUT to : 127 int . cal and rose's suite Cal stand at the open safe . he stare at the draw of Rose and he face clenches with fury . he read the not again : " darling , now you can keep US both locked in you safe , rose " . lovejoy , stand behind he , look over he shoulder at the draw . Cal crumple Rose 's not , then take the draw in both hand as if to rip it in half . he tense to do it , then stop himself . cal I have a better idea . CUT to : 128 int . hold # 2 - night the two steward enter . they have electric torch and play the beam around the hold . they spot the renault with its fogge up rear window and approach it slowly . from inside we see the torch light up Rose 's passionate handprint , still there on the fogge up glass . one steward whip open the door . steward get yer ! reverse : the back seat be empty . CUT to : 129 ext . forward well deck and crow' nest - night Rose and Jack , fully dress , come through a crew door onto the deck . they can barely stand , they be laugh so hard . up above they , in the crow' nest , lookout fleet hear the disturbance below and look around and back down to the well deck , where he can see two figure embrace . Jack and Rose stand in each other arm . they breath cloud around they in the now freezing air , but they do not even feel the cold . rose when this ship dock , I be get off with you . jack this be crazy . rose I know . it do not make any sense . that 's why I trust it . Jack pull she to he and kiss she fiercely . 130 in the crow' nest fleet nudge Lee . fleet cor ... look at that , would ya . lee they be a bloody sight warmer than we be . fleet well if that 's what it take for we two to get warm , I would rather not , if it 's all the same . they both have a good laugh at that one . it be fleet whose expression fall first . glancing forward again , he do a double take . the color drain out of he face . fleet' Pov : a massive iceberg right in they path , 500 yard out . fleet bugger I !! fleet reach past Lee and ring the lookout bell three time , then grab the telephone , call the bridge . he wait precious second for it to be picket up , never take he eye off the black mass ahead . fleet pick up , ya bastard . CUT to : 131 int . / ext . bridge Inside the enclose wheelhous , sixth officer moody walk unhurriedly to the telephone , pick it up . fleet ( v.o . ) be someone there ? moody yes . what do you see ? fleet iceberg right ahead ! moody thankyou . ( hang up , call to murdoch ) iceberg right ahead ! murdoch see it and rush to the engine room telegraph . while signal " full speed astern " he yell to quartermaster hitchin , who be at the wheel . murdoch hard a ' starboard . moody ( stand behind hitchin ) hard 'a starboard . the helm be hard over , sir . crash sequence / series of cut : 132 chief engineer bell be just check the soup he have warming on a steam manifold when the engine telegraph clang , then go ... incredibly ... to full speed astern . he and the other engineer just stare at it a second , unbely . then Bell react . bell full astern ! full astern !! the engineer and greaser like mad to close steam valve and start brake the mighty propeller shaft , big as sequias , to a stop . 133 in boiler room six , lead Stoker frederick barrett be stand with 2nd engineer jame hesketh when the red warning light and " stop " indicator come on . barrett shut all damper ! shut them !! 134 from the bridge murdoch watch the burg grow ... straight ahead . the bow finally start to come leave ( since the ship turn the reverse of the helm set ) . murdoch be jaw clenches as the bow turn with agonizing slowness . he hold he breath as the horrible physics play out . 135 in the crow' nest Frederick fleet brace himself . 136 the bow of the ship thunder right at camera and -- kruuunch !! the ship hit the berg on its starboard bow . 137 underwater we see the ice smash in the steel hull plate . the iceberg bump and scrape along the side of the ship . rivets pop as the steel plate of the hull flexe under the load . 138 in # 2 hold the two steward stagger as the hull buckle in four foot with a sound like thunder . like a sledgehammer beat along outside the ship , the berg split the hull plate and the sea pour in , sweeping they off they feert . the icy water swirl around the renault as the man scramble for the stair . 139 on g-deck forward fabrizio be toss in he bunk by the impact . he hear a sound like the greatly amplify squeal of a skate on ice . 140 in boiler room six barret and hesketh stagger as they hear the rolling thunder of the collision . they see the starboard side of the ship buckle in toward they and be almost sweep off they foot by a rush of water come in about two foot above the floor . 141 on the forward well deck Jack and Rose break they kiss and look up in astonishment as the berg sail past , block out the sky like a mountain . fragment break off it and crash down onto the deck , and they have to jump back to avoid fly chunks of ice . 142 on the bridge murdoch ring the watertight door alarm . he quicky throw the switch that close they . murdoch hard a ' port ! judge the berg to be amidship , he be try to clear the stern . 143 barrett and hesketh hear the door alarm and scramble through the swirl water to the watertight door between boiler room 6 and 5 . the room be full of water vapor as the cold sea strike the red hot furnace . Barrett yell to the stoker scramble through the door as it come down like a slow guillotine . barrett go lad ! go! go! he dive through into boiler room 5 just before the door rumble down with a clang . 144 jack and rose rush to the starboard rail in time to see the berg move aft down the side of the ship . 145 in he stateroom , surround by pile of plan while make note in he ever - present book , andrew look up at the sound of a cut - crystal light fixture tinkling like a windchime . he feel the shudder run through the ship . and we see it in he face . too much of he soul be in this great ship for he not to feel its mortal wound . 146 in the first CLASS smoking room Gracie watch he highball vibrate on the table . 147 in the palm court , with its high arched window , Molly Brown hold up she drink to a pass waiter . molly hey , can I get some ice here , please ? silently , a move wall of ice fill the window behind she . she do not see it . it disappear astern . 148 omitted 149 in the crow' nest fleet turn to he Lee ... fleet oy , mate ... that be a close shave . lee smell ice , can you ? bleedin ' Christ ! CUT to : 150 int . / ext . bridge close on murdoch . the alarm bell still clatter mindlessly , seem to reflect he inner state . he be in shock , unable to get a grip on what just happen . he just run the biggest ship in history into a iceberg on its maiden voyage . murdoch ( stiffly , to moody ) note the time . enter it in the log . Captain Smith rush out of he cabin onto the bridge , tucking in he shirt . smith what be that , Mr. murdoch ? murdoch a iceberg , sir . I put she hard a ' starboard and run the engine full astern , but it be too close . I try to port around it , but she hi ... and I -- smith Close the emergency door . murdoch the door be close . together they rush out onto the starboard wing , and murdoch point . Smith look into the darkness aft , then wheel around to FOURTH officer bohall . smith find the carpenter and get he to sound the ship . CUT to : 151 int . g-deck forward in steerage , fabrizio come out into the hall to see what 's go on . he see dozen of rat run toward he in the corridor , flee the flooding bow . fabrizio jump aside as the rat run by . fabrizio ma -- che cazzo ! 152 in he stateroom Tommy get out of he top bunk in the dark and drop down to the floor . splash !! tommmy cor !! what in hell --?! he nap on the light . the floor be cover with 3 inch of freezing water , and more come in . he pull the door open , and step out into the corridor , which be flood . fabrizio be run toward he , yell something in italian . Tommy and fabrizio start pound on door , get everybody up and out . the alarm spread in several language . CUT to : 153 int . first CLASS corridor / a-deck a couple of people have come out into the corridor in robe and slipper . a steward hurry along , reassure they . woman why have the engine stop ? I feel a shudder ? steward # 1 I should not worry , m'am . we have likely throw a propeller blade , that 's the shudder you feel . May I bring you anything ? thomas andrews brushes past they , walk fast and carry a armload of roll up ship 's plan . CUT to : 154 ext . forward well deck Jack and Rose be lean over the starboard rail , look at the hull of the ship . jack look okay . I do not see anything . rose could it have damage the ship ? jack it do not seem like much of a bump . I be sure we be okay . behind they a couple of steerage guy be kick the ice around the deck , laugh . CUT to : 155 int . steerage forward fabrizio and Tommy be in a crowd of steerage man clogging the corridor , head aft away from the flooding . many of they have grab suitcase and duffel bag , some of which be soak . tommy if this be the direction the rat be runnin ' , it 's good enough for I . CUT to : 156 int . corridor on B deck Bruce ismay , dress in pajamas under the topcoat , hurry down the corridor , head for the bridge . a officious steward name barne come along the other direction , get the few concerned passenger back into they room . steward barne there 's no cause for alarm . please , go back to you room . he be stop in he track by Cal and lovejoy . steward barne please , sir . there 's no emergency -- cal yes there be , I have be rob . now get the master at arm . now you moron ! CUT to : 157 int . bridge / chartroom c.u. captain smith study the commutator . he turn to andrew , stand behind he . smith a five degree list in less than ten minute . ship' carpenter JOHN hutchinson enter behind he , out of breath and clearly unnerve . hutchinson she 's make water fast ... in the forepeak tank and the forward hold , in boiler room six . ismay enter , he movement quick with anger and frustration . Smith glance at he with annoyance . ismay why have we stop ? smith we have strike ice . ismay well , do you think the ship be seriously damage ? smith ( glaring ) Excuse I . Smith push past he , with andrew and hutchinson in tow . CUT to : 158 int . boiler room 6 stroker and firemen be struggle to draw the fire . they be work in waist deep water churn around as it flow into the boiler room , ice cold and swirl with grease from the machinery . Chief engineer Bell come partway down the ladder and shout . bell that 's it , lad . get the hell up ! they scramble up the escape ladder . CUT to : 159 ext . b-deck forward / well deck the gentleman , now join by another man , lean on the forward rail watch the steerage man play soccer with chunks of ice . gentleman I guess it 's nothing too serious . I be go back to my cabin to read . a 20ish yale man pop through the door wear a topcoat over pajamas . yaley say , do I miss the fun ? Rose and Jack come up the step from the well deck , which be right next to the three man . they stare as the couple climb over the lock gate . a moment later Captain Smith round the corner , follow by andrew and carpenter hutchinson . they have come down from the bridge by the outside stair . the three man , they face grim , crush right past Jack and Rose . andrew barely glance at she . smith can you shore up ? hutchinson not unless the pump get ahead . the inspection party go down the stair to the well deck . jack ( low , to she ) it 's bad . rose we have to tell mother and Cal . jack now it 's worse . rose come with I , Jack . I jump , you jump ... right ? jack right . Jack follow Rose through the door inside the ship . CUT to : 160 int . b-deck foyer / corridor Jack and Rose cross the foyer , enter the corridor . lovejoy be wait for they in the hall as they approach the room . lovejoy we have be look for you miss . lovejoy follow and , unseen , move close behind Jack and smoothly slip the diamond necklace into the pocket of he overcoat . CUT to : 161 int . rose and cal' suite Cal and Ruth wait in the sit room , along with the master at arm and two steward ( steward # 1 and barne ) . silence as Rose and Jack enter . Ruth close she robe at she throat when she see Jack . rose something serious have happen . cal that 's right . two thing dear to I have disappear this evening . now that one be back ... ( he look from Rose to Jack ) ... I have a pretty good idea where to fine the other . ( to master at arm ) search he . the master at arm step up to Jack . master at arm coat off , mate . lovejoy pull at Jack 's coat and Jack shake he head in dismay , shrugging out of it . the master at arm pat he down . jack this be horseshit . rose Cal , you can not be serious ! we be in the middle of a emergency and you -- steward barne pull the heart of the Ocean out of the pocket of Jack 's coat . steward barne be this it ? Rose be stunne . needless to say , so be Jack . cal that 's it . master at arm right then . now do not make a fuss . he start to handcuff Jack . jack do not you believe it , Rose . do not ! rose ( uncertain ) he could not have . cal of course he could . easy enough for a professional . he memorize the combination when you opend the safe . flashback : Rose at the safe , look in the mirror and meeting Jack 's eye as he stand behind she , watch . rose but I be with he the whole time . cal ( just to she , low and cold ) maybe he do it while you be put you clothes back on . jack they put it in my pocket ! lovejoy ( hold Jack 's coat ) it 's not even you pocket , son . ( read ) " property of A. L. ryerson " . lovejoy show the coat to the master at arm . there be a label inside the collar with the owner 's name . master at arm that be report steal today . jack I be go to return it ! Rose -- Rose feel utterly betrayed , hurt and confuse . she shrink away from he . he start shouting to she as lovejoy and the master at arm drag he out into the hall . she can not look he in the eye . jack Rose , do not listen to they ... I do not do this ! you know I do not ! you know it ! she be devastate . her mother lay a comforting hand on she shoulder as the tear well up . RUTH why do woman believe man ? CUT to : 162 int . mail sorting room / hold Smith and andrew come down the step to the mail sort room and find the clerk scramble to pull mail from the rack . they be furiously haul wet sack of mail up from the hold below . andrew climb partway down the stair to the hold , which be almost full . Sacks of mail float everywhere . the light be still on below the surface , casting a eerie glow . the renault be visible under the water , the brass glint cheerfully . andrew look down as the water cover he shoe , and scramble back up the stair . CUT to : 163 int . bride / chartroom andrew unroll a big draw of the ship across the chartroom table . it be a side elevation , show all the watertight bulkhead . his hand be shaking . murdoch and ismay hover behind andrew and the Captain . ismay when can we get underway , do you think ? Smith glare at he and turn he attention to andrew ' draw . the builder point to it for emphasis as he talk . andrews Water 14 foot above the keel in ten minute ... in the forepeak ... in all three hold ... and in boiler room six . smith that 's right . andrews five compartment . she can stay afloat with the first four compartment breach . but not five . not five . as she go down by the head the water will spill over the top of the bulkhead ... at E deck ... from one to the next ... back and back . there 's no stop it . smith the pump -- andrews the pump buy you time ... but minute only . from this moment , no matter what we do , Titanic will founder . ismay but this ship can not sink ! andrews she be make of iron , sir . I assure you , she can . and she will . it be a mathematical certainty . Smith look like he have be gutpunch . smith how much time ? andrews a hour , two at most . ismay reel as he dream turn into he worst nightmare . smith and how many aboard , Mr. murdoch ? murdoch two thousand two hundred soul aboard , sir . a long beat . Smith turn to he employer . smith I believe you may get you headline , Mr. ismay . CUT to : 164 ext . boat deck andrew be stride along the boat deck , as seamen and officer scurry to uncover the boat . steam be venting from pipe on the funne overhead , and the din be horrendous . speech be difficult add to the crew 's level of disorganization . andrew see some man fumble with the mechanism of one of the wellin davit and yell to they over the roar of steam . andrews turn to the right ! pull the fall taut before you unchock . have you never have a boat drill ? seaman no sir ! not with this new davit , sir . he look around , disguisted as the crew fumble with the davit , and the tackle for the " fall " ... the rope which be use to lower the boat . a few passenger be come out on deck , hesitantly in the noise and bitter cold . CUT to : 165 int . rose and cal' suite from inside the sit room they can hear knock and voice in the corridor . RUTH I have better go dress . Ruth exit and hockley cross to Rose . he regards she coldly for a moment , then slap she across the face . cal it be a little slut , be not it ? to Rose the blow be inconsequential compare to the blow she heart have be give . Cal grab she shoulder roughly . cal look at I , you little -- there be a loud knock on the door and a urgent voice . the door open and they steward put he head in . steward barne Sir , I have be tell to ask you to please put on you lifebelt , and come up to the boat deck . cal get out . we be busy . the steward persist , come in to get the lifebelt down from the top of a dresser . steward I be sorry about the inconvenience , Mr. hockley , but it 's Captain 's order . please dress warmly , it 's quite cold tonight . ( he hand a lifebelt to Rose ) not to worry , miss , I be sure it 's just a precaution . cal this be ridiculous . in the corridor outside the steward be be so polite and obsequious they be convey no sense of danger whatsoever . however , it 's another story in ... CUT to : 166 int . steerage berthing aft blackness . then bang ! the door be throw open and the light snap on by a steward . the cartmell family rouse from a sound sleep . steward # 2 everybody up . let 's go . put you lifebelt on . in the corridor outside , another steward be go from door to door along the hall , pounce and yell . steward # 2 lifebelt on . lifebelt on . everybody up , come on . lifebelt on ... people come out of the door behind the steward , perplex . in the foreground a syrian woman ask she husband what be say . he shrug . CUT to : 167 int . wireless room on phillip , look shocked . phillip cqd , sir ? smith that 's right . the distress call . cqd . tell whoever respond that we be go down by the head and need immediate assistance . Smith hurry out . phillip blimey . bride maybe you ought to try that new distress call ... s.o.s. ( grin ) it may be we only chance to use it . Phillips laugh in spite of himself and start send history 's first s.o.s . dit dit dit , da da da , dit dit dit ... over and over . CUT to : 168 ext . boat deck Thomas andrew look around in amazement . the deck be empty except for the crew fumble with the davit . he yell over the roar of the steam to first Officer murdoch . andrews where be all the passenger ? murdoch they have all go back inside . too damn cold and noisy for they . andrew feel like he be in a bad dream . he look at he pocketwatch and head for the foyer entrance . CUT to : 169 int . a-deck foyer a large number of first class passenger have gather near the staircase . they be get indignant about the confusion . Molly Brown snag a pass young steward . molly what 's do , sonny ? you have get we all truss up and now we be cool we heel . the young steward back away , actually stumbling on the stair . young steward sorry , mum . let I go and find out . the jumpy piano rhythm of " Alexander 's ragtime Band " come out of the first class lounge a few yard away . Band leader wallace hartley have assemble some of he man on Captain 's order , to allay panic . hockley 's entourage come up to the a-deck foyer . Cal be carry the lifebelt , almost as a afterthought . Rose be like a sleepwalker . cal it 's just the God damned English do everything by the book . RUTH there 's no need for language , Mr. hockley . ( to trudy ) go back and turn the heater on in my room , so it will not be too cold when we get back . Thomas andrew enter , look around the magnificent room , which he know be doom . Rose , stand nearby , see he heartbroken expression . she walk over to he and Cal go after she . rose I see the iceberg , Mr. andrew . and I see it in you eye . please tell I the truth . andrews the ship will sink . rose you be certain ? andrews yes . in a hour or so ... all this ... will be at the bottom of the Atlantic . cal my god. now it be Cal 's turn to look stunne . the Titanic ? sinking ? andrews please tell only who you must , I do not want to be responsible for a panic . and get to a boat quickly . do not wait . you remember what I tell you about the boat ? rose yes , I understand . thankyou . andrew go off , move among the passenger and urging they to put on they lifebelt and get to the boat . CUT to : 170 int . master at arm office lovejoy and the master at arm be handcuff Jack to a 4 " water pipe as a crewman rush in anxiously and almost blurt to the master at arm -- crewman you be want by the purser , sir . urgently . lovejoy go on . I will keep a eye on he . lovejoy pull a pearl handle colt .45 automatic from under he coat . the master at arm nod and toss the handcuff key to lovejoy , then exit with the crewman . lovejoy flip the key in the air . catch it . CUT to : 171 int . bridge junior wireless Operator bride be relaying a message to Captain Smith from the cunard liner carpathia . bride carpathia say they be make 17 knot , full steam for they , sir . smith and she 's the only one who 's respond ? bride the only one close , sir . she say they can be here in four hour . smith four hour ! the enormity of it hit Smith like a sledgehammer blow . smith thank you , bride . he turn as bride exit , and look out onto the blackness . smith ( to himself ) my god. CUT to : 172 ext . boat deck - night lightoller have he boat swing out . he be stand amidst a crowd of uncertain passenger in all state of dress and undress . one first class woman be barefoot . other be in stocking . the maitre of the restaurant be in top hat and overcoat . other be still in evening dress , while some be in bathrobe and kimonos . woman be wear lifebelt over velvet gowns , then topping it with sble stole . some bring jewel , other book , even small dog . lightoller see Smith walk stiffly toward he and quickly go to he . he yell into the Captain 's ear , through cup hand , over the roar of the steam ... lightoller have not we better get the woman and child into the boat , sir ? Smith just nod , a bit abstractly . the fire have go out of he . lightoller see the awesome truth in Smith 's face . lightoller ( to the man ) right ! start the load . woman and child ! the appall din of escape steam abruptly cut off , leave a sudden unearthly silence in which lightoller 's voice echoe . on wallace hartley raise he violin to play . hartley number 26 . ready and -- the band have reassemble just outside the first class entrance , port side , near where lightoller be call for the boat to be load . they strike up a waltz , lively and elegant . the music waft all over the ship . lightoller lady , please . step into the boat . finally one soman step across the gap , into the boat , terrify of the drop to the water far below . woman in crowd you watch . they will put we off in this silly little boat to freeze , and we will all be back on board by breakfast . Cal , Rose and Ruth come out of the door near the band . RUTH my brooch , I leave my brooch . I must have it ! she turn back to go to she room but Cal take she by the arm , refuse to let she go . the firmness of he hold surprise she . cal stay here , Ruth . Ruth see he expression , and know fear for the first time . CUT to : 173 int . steerage berthing aft / corridor and stairwell it be chaos , with steward push they way through narrow corridor clogge with peopel carry suitcase , duffel bag , child . some have lifebelt on , other do not . steward # 2 ( to steward # 3 ) I tell the stupid sod no luggage . aw , bloody hell ! he throw up he hand at the sight of a family , load down with case and bag , completely block the corridor . fabrizio and Tommy push past the steward , go the other way . they rech a huge crowd gather at the bottom of the MAIN 3rd CLASS stairwell . fabrizio spot helga with the rest of the dahl family , stand patiently with suitcase in hand . he reach she and she grin , hugging he . Tommy push to where he can see what 's hold up the group . there be a steel gate across the top of the stair , with several steward and seamen on the other side . steward stay calm , please . it 's not time to go up to the boat yet . near Tommy , a irishwoman stand stoically with two small child and they batter luggage . little boy what be we do , mummy ? woman we be just wait , dear . when they fiish put first class people in the boat , they will be startin ' with we , and we will want to be all ready , will not we ? CUT to : 174 ext . starboard side Boat 7 be less than half full , with 28 aboard a boat make for 65 . first officer murdoch lower away ! by the leave and right together , stady lad ! the boat lurch as the fall start to pay out through the pulley block . the woman gasp . the boat descend , sway and jerk , toward the water 60 foot below . the passenger be terrify . CUT to : 175 ext . / int . titanic hull and master at arm office tracking along the row of porthole angle down into the water . under the surface , they glow green . pushing in on one porthole which be have submerge . Inside we see Jack , look apprehensively at the water rise up the glass . inside the master at arm ' office Jack sit chain to the waterpipe , next to the porthole . lovejoy sit on the edge of a desk . he put a .45 bullet on the desk and watch it roll across and fall off . he pick up the bullet . lovejoy you know ... I believe this ship may sink . ( cross to Jack ) I have be ask to give you this small token of we appreciation ... he punch Jack hard in the stomach , knock the wind out of he . lovejoy compliment of Mr. caledon hockley . lovejoy flip the handcuff key in the air , catch it and put it in he pocket . he exit . Jack be leave gasp , handcuff to the pipe . CUT to : 176 ext . boat deck / starboard side , forward at the stairwell rail on the bridge wing , fourth Officer boxhall and quartermaster rowe light the first distress rocket . it shoot into the sky and explode with a thunderclap over the ship , send out white starburst which light up the entire deck as they fall . whip pan off the starburst to ismay . the manage director of White Star line be crack . already at the break point from he immense guilt , the rocket panic he . he start shouting at the officer struggle with the fall of boat 5 . ismay there be no time to waste ! ( yell and wave he arm ) lower away ! lower away ! lower away ! fifth officer lowe , a baby - face 28 , and the youngest officer , look up from the tangle fall at the madman . lowe get out of the way , you fool ! ismay do you know who I be ? lowe , not have a clue nor caring , square up to ismay . lowe you be a passenger . and I be a ship 's bloody officer . now do what you be tell ! ( more ) lowe ( cont 'd ) ( turn away ) steady man ! stand by the fall ! ismay ( numbly , back away ) yes , quite right . sorry . CUT to : 177 ext . boat deck / port side second officer lightoller be load the boat nearest Cal and Rose ... Boat 6 . lightoller woman and child only ! sorry sir , no man yet . another rocket burst overhead , lighting the crowd . startle face turn upward . fear now in the eye . daniel marvin have he biograph camera set up , cranking away ... hope to get a exposure off the rocket 's light . he have Mary pose in front of the scene at the boat . marvin you be afraid , darling . scare to death . that 's it ! either she suddenly learn to act or she be petrify . rose watch the farewell take pace right in front of she as they step closer to the boat . husband say goodbye to wife and child . Lovers and friend parte . nearby molly be get a reluctant woman to board the boat . molly come on , you hear the man . get in the boat , sister . RUTH will the lifeboat be seat accord to class ? I hope they be not too crowded -- rose oh , mother shut up ! ( Ruth freeze , mouth open ) do not you understand ? the water be freezing and there be not enough boat ... not enough by half . half the people on this ship be go to die . cal not the better half . push in on rose's face as it hit she like a thunderbolt . Jack be third class . he do not stand a chance . another rocket burst overhead , bathing she face in white light . rose you unimaginable bastard . molly come on , Ruth , get in the boat . this be the first class seat right up here . that 's it . Molly practically hand she over to lightoller , then look around for some other woman who might need a push . molly come on , Rose . you be next , darlin' . Rose step back , shaking she head . RUTH Rose , get in the boat ! rose Goodbye , mother . Ruth , stand in the tippy lifeboat , can do nothing . Cal grab Rose 's arm but she pull free and walk away through the crowd . Cal catch up to Rose and grab she again , roughly . cal where be you go ? to he ? be that it ? to be a whore to that gutter rat ? rose I would rather be he whore than you wife . he clenches he jaw and squeeze she arm viciously , pull she back toward the lifeboat . Rose pull out a hairpin and jab he with it . he let go with a curse and she run into the crowd . lightoller lower away !! RUTH Rose ! rose !! molly stuff a sock in it , would ya , Ruth . she will be along . the boat lurch downward as the fall be pay out . tracking with rose , as she run through the cluster of people . she look back and a furious Cal be come after she . she run breathlessly up to two proper look man . rose that man try to take advantage of I in the crowd ! appall , they turn to see Cal run toward they . Rose run on as the two man grab Cal , restrain he . she run throught the first class entrance . Cal break free and run after she . he reach the entrance , but run into a knot of people come out . he push rudely through they ... CUT to : 178 int . boat deck foyer / staircase / a-deck foyer Cal run in , and down to the landing , push past the gentleman and lady who be fill up the stair . he scan the a-deck foyer . Rose be go . CUT to : 179 ext . ocean / titanic / boat 6 the hull of Titanic loom over Boat 6 like a cliff . its enormous mass be suddenly threaten to that in the tiny boat . quartermaster hitchin , at the tiller , want nothing but to get away from the ship . unfortunately he two seamen can not row . they flail like a duck with a break wing . hitchin keep pull ... away from the ship . pull . molly ai not you boy ever row before ? here , gimme that oar . I will show ya how it 's do . she climb over Ruth to get at the oar , step on she foot . around they the evacuation be in full swing , with boat in the water , other be lower . CUT to : 180 int . master at arm office / corridor Jack pull on the pipe with all he strength . it 's not budging . he hear gurgle sound . Water pour under the door , spread rapidly across the floor . jack shit . he try to pull one hand out of the cuff , work until the skin be raw ... no good . jack help !! somebody !! can anybody hear I ?! ( to himself ) this could be bad . 181 the corridor outside be desert . flooded a couple of inch deep . Jack 's voice come faintly through the door , but there be no one to hear it . CUT to : 182 int . first CLASS corridor Thomas andrew be open stateroom door , check that people be out . andrews anyone in here ? Rose run up to he , breathless . rose Mr. andrew , thank God ! where would the master at arm take someone under arrest ?! andrews what ? you have to get to a boat right away ! rose no ! I will do this with or without you help , sir . but without will take longer . andrews ( beat ) take the elevator to the very bottom , go leave , down the crewman 's passage , then make a right . rose bottom , leave , right . I have it . andrews hurry , Rose . CUT to : 183 int . foyer / elevator Rose run up as the last elecator Operator be close up he lift to leave . operator sorry , miss , lift be close -- without think she grab he and shove he back into the lift . rose I be through with be polite , goddamnit !! I may never be polite the rest of my life ! now take I down !! the operator fumble to close the gate and start the lift . CUT to : 184 ext . ocean / boat 6 Molly and the two seamen be row , and they have make it a hundret foot or so . enough to see that the ship be angle down into the water , with the bow rail less than ten foot above the surface . molly come on girl , join in , it will keep ya warm . let 's go Ruth . grab a oar ! Ruth just stare at the spectacle of the great liner , its row of light blaze , slant down into the sullen black mirror of the atlanic . CUT to : 185 int . first CLASS elevator / corridor through the wringht iron door of the elevator car Rose can see the deck go past . the lift slow . suddenly ice water be swirl around she leg . she scream in surprise . so do the operator . the car have land in a foot of freezing water , shocking the hell out of she . she claw the door open and splashes out , hike up she floor- length skirt so she can move . the lift go back up , behind she , as she look around . rose Left , crew passage . she spot it and slog down the flood corridor . the place be understandably desert . she be on she own . rose right , right ... right . she turn into a cross -corridor , splash down the hall . a row of door on each side . rose Jack ? jaaacckk ?? CUT to : 186 int . master at arm office / corridor Jack be hopelessly pull on the pipe again , strain until he turn red . he collapse back on the bench . realize he 's screw . then he hear she through the door . jack rose !! in here ! 187 in the hall Rose hear he voice behind she . she spin and run back , locating the right door , then push it open , create a small wave . she splashes over Jack and put she arm around he . rose Jack , Jack , Jack ... I be sorry , I be so sorry . they be so happy to see each other it 's embarrassing . jack that guy lovejoy put it in my pocket . rose I know , I know . jack see if you can find a key for this . try that drawer . it 's a little brass one . she kiss he face and hug he again , then start to go through the desk . jack so ... how do you find out I do not do it ? rose I do not . ( she look at he ) I just realize I already know . they share a look , then she go back to ransack the room , search drawer and cupboard . Jack see movement out the porthole and look out . a lifeboat hit the surface of the water , see from below . CUT to : 188 ext . titanic / boat one while the seamen detach the fall , Boat one rock next to the hull . lucile and Sir cosmo duff - Gordon sit with ten other in a boat make for four time that many . lucile I despise small boat . I just know I be go to be seasick . I always get seasick in small boat . good heavens , there 's a man down there . in a light porthole beneath the surface she see Jack look up at she ... a face in a bubble of light under the water . CUT to : 189 int . master at arm office Rose stop trash the room , and stand there , breathe hard . rose there 's no key in here . they look around at the water , now almost two foot deep . Jack have pull he foot up onto the bench . jack you have to go for help . rose ( nodd ) I will be right back . jack I will wait here . she run out , look back at he once from the doorway , then splashes away . Jack look down at the swirl water . CUT to : 190 int . stairwell and corridor Rose splashes down the hall to a stairwell go up to the next deck . she climb the stair , she long skirt leave a trail like a giant snail . the weight of it be really slow she down . she rip at the button and shimmy quickly out of the thing . she bound up the stair in she stocking and knee-length slip , to find herself in -- 191 a long corridor ... part of the labyrinth of steerage hallway forward . she be alone here . a long groan of stress metal echoe along the hall as the ship continue to settle . she run down the hall , unimpeded now . rose hello ? somebody ?! she turn a corner and run along another corridor in a daze . the hall slope down into water which , shimmer , reflect the light . the margin of the water creep toward she . a young man appear , run through the water , send up geyser of spray . he pelt past she without slow , he eye craze ... rose help I ! we need help ! he do not look back . it be like a bad dream . the hull gong with terrifying sound . the light flicker and go out , leave utter darkness . a beat . then they come back on . she find herself hyperventilate . that one moment of blackness be the most terrifying of she life . a steward run around the nearest corner , he arm full of lifebelt . he be upset to see someone still in he section . he grab she forcefully by the arm , pull she with he like a wayward child . steward come on , then , let 's get you topside , miss , that 's right . rose wait . wait ! I need you help ! there 's -- steward no need for panic , miss . come along ! rose no , let I go ! you be go the wrong way ! he 's not listen . and he will not let she go . she shout in he ear , and when he turn , she punch he squarely in the nose . shock , he let she go and stagger back . steward to Hell with you ! rose see you there , buster ! the steward run off , hold he bloody nose . she spit after he . just the way Jack taugh : she . she turn around , sees : a glass case with a fire - axe in it . she break the glass with a batter suitcase which be lie discard nearby , and seize the axe , run back the way she come . 192 at the stairwell she look down and gasp . the water have flood the bottom five step . she go down and have to crouch to look along the corridor to the room where Jack be trap . Rose plunge into the water , which be up to she waist ... and power forward , hold the axe above she head in two hand . she grimace at the pain from the literally freezing water . CUT to : 193 int . master at arm office Jack have climb up on the bench , and be hugging the waterpipe . Rose wade in , hold the axe above she head . rose will this work ? jack we will find out . they be both terrify , but try to keep panic at bay . he position the chain connect the two cuff , stretch it taut across the steel pipe . the chain be of course very short , and he expose wrist be on either side of it . jack try a couple practice swing . Rose heft the axe and thunks it into a wooden cabinet . jack now try to hit the same mark again . she swing hard and the blade thunks in four inch from the mark . jack okay , that 's enough practice . he wince , brace himself as she raise the axe . she have to hit a target about a inch wide with all the foce she can muster , with he hand on either side . jack ( sounding calm ) you can do it , Rose . hit it as hard as you can , I trust you . Jack close he eye . so do she . the axe come down . k-whang ! Rose gingerly open she eye look ... Jack be grin with two separate cuff . Rose drop the axe , all the strength go out of she . jack Nice work , there , Paul bunyan . he climb down into the water next to she . he can not breathe for a second . jack shit ! Excuse my french . ow ow ow , that be cold ! come on , let 's go . they wade out into the hall . Rose start toward the stiar go up , but Jack stop she . there be only about a foot of the stairwell open visible . jack too deep . we gotta find another way out . CUT to : 194 ext . boat 6 and titanic tight on the letter titanic paint two foot high on the bow of the doom steamer . once 50 foot above the waterline , they now quietly slip below the surface . we see they , gold on black , rippling and dimming to a pale green as they go deeper . 195 in boat six , Ruth look back at the Titanic , transfix by the sight of the die liner . the bowsprit be now barely above the waterline . another of boxhall 's rocket explode overhead . k- boom ! it light up the whole area , and we see half a dozen boat in the water , spread out from the ship . molly now there 's something ' you do not see every day . CUT to : 196 int . scotland road / e-deck the widest passageway in the ship , it be use by crew and steerage alike , and run almost the length of the ship . right now steerage passenger move along it like refugee , head aft . crash ! a wooden doorframe splinter and the door burst open under the force of Jack 's shoulder . Jack and Rose stumble through , into the corridor . a steward , who be nearby herding people along , march over . steward here you ! you will have to pay for that , you know . that 's White Star line property -- jack and rose ( turn together ) shutup ! Jack lead she past the dumbfounded steward . they join the steerage straggler go aft . in place the corridor be almost completely block by large family carry all they luggage . a irish woman give Rose a blanket , more for modesty than because she be blue-lipped and shiver . irishwoman here , lass , cover yerself . Jack rub she arm and try to warm she up as they walk along . the woman 's husband offer they a flask of whiskey . irishman this will take the chill off . Rose take a mighty belt and hand it to Jack . he grin and follow suit . Jack try a number of door and iron gate along the way , find they all lock . CUT to : 197 ext . boat deck on the boat deck , the action have move to the aft group of boat , number 9 , 11 , 13 and 15 on the starboard side , and 10 , 12 , 14 and 16 on the port side . the pace of work be more frantic . you see crew and officer run now to work the davit , they previous complacency go . cal push through the crowd , scan for Rose . around he be chaos and confusion . a woman be call for a child who have become seperate from the crowd . a man be shouting over people 's head . a woman take hold of second Officer lightoller 's arm as he be about to launch Boat 10 . woman will you hold the boat a moment ? I have to run back to my room for something -- lightoller grab she and shove she bodily into the boat . Thomas andrew rush up to he just then . andrews why be the boat be launch half full ?! lightoller step past he , help a seaman clear a snarl fall . lightoller not now , Mr. andrew . andrews ( point down at the water ) there , look ... twenty or so in a boat build for sixty five . and I see one boat with only twelve . twelve ! lightoller well ... we be not sure of the weight -- andrews rubbish ! they be test in belfast with the weight of 70 man . now fill this boat , Mr. lightoller . for God 's sake , man ! the shot hand off to Cal , who see lovejoy hurry toward he through the aisle connect the port and starboard side of the boat deck . lovejoy she 's not on the starboard side either . cal we be run out of time . and this strutting martinet ... ( indicate lightoller ) ... be not let any man in at all . lovejoy the one on the other side be let man in . cal then that 's we play . but we be still go to need some insurance . ( he start off forward ) come on . Cal charge off , head forward , follow by lovejoy . the shot hand off to a finely dress elderly couple , ida and isador strauss . isador please , ida , get into the boat . ida no . we have be together for forty year , and where ( more ) ida ( cont 'd ) you go , I go . do not argue with I , isador , you know it do no good . he look at she with sadness and great love . they embrace gently . lightoller lower away !! CUT to : 198 ext . bridge / forward well deck / foc 'sle at the bow ... the place where Jack and Rose first kiss ... the bow railing go under water water . Water swirl around the captsan and windlass on the foc'sle deck . Smith stride to the bridge rail and look down at the well deck . Water be ship over the side and the well deck be awash . two man run across the deck , they foot send up spray . behind Smith , boxhall fire another rocket . whoosh ! CUT to : 199 omitted 200 omitted 201 int . e-deck corridor and stairwell fabrizio , stand with helga dahl and she family , hear Jack 's voice . jack fabrizio ! fabri! fabrizio turn and see Jack and Rose push through the crowd . he and Jack hug like brother . fabrizio the boat be all go . jack we gotta get up there or we be gonna be gargle saltwater . where 's Tommy ? fabrizio point over the head of the solidly pack crowd to the stairwell . Tommy have he hand on the bar of the steel gate which block the head of the stairwell . the crew open the gate a foot or so and a few woman be squeezing through . steward # 2 woman only . no man . no man !! but some terrify man , not understanding English , try to rush through the gap , force the gate open . the crewmen and steward push they back , shove and punch they . steward # 2 get back ! get back you lot ! ( to the crewmen ) lock it !! they struggle to get the gate close again , while steward # 2 brandish a small revolver . another hold a fire axe . they lock the gate , and a cry go up among the crowd , who surge forward , pound against the steel and shouting in several language . tommy for the love of God , man , there be child down here ! let we up , so we can have a chance ! but the crewmen be scared now . they have let the situation get out of hand , and now they have a mob . Tommy give up and push he way back through the crowd , go down the stair . he rejoin Jack , Rose and fabrizio . tommy it 's hopeless that way . jack well , whatever we be goin ' to do , we better do it fast . fabrizio turn to helga , praying he can make himself understand . fabrizio ( with a lot of hand gesture ) everyone ... all of you ... come with I now . we go to the boat . we go to the boat . capito ? come now ! they can not understand what he 's say . they can see he urgency , but oluf dahl , the patriarch of the family , shake he head . he will not panic , and will not let he family go with this boy . fabrizio turn to helga . fabrizio helga ... per favore ... please ... come with I , I be lucky . be my destiny to go to America . she kiss he , then step back to be with she family . Jack lay a hand on he shoulder , he eye say " let 's go " . fabrizio I will never forget you . he turn to Jack , who lead the way out of the crowd . look back fabrizio see she face disappear into the crowd . CUT to : 202 omitted 203 omitted 204 int . cal and rose's suite clunk ! Cal open he safe and reach inside . as lovejoy watch , he pull out two stack of bill , still band by bank wrapper . then he take out " heart of the Ocean " , put it in the pocket of he overcoat , and lock the safe . cal ( hold up stack of bill ) I make my own luck . lovejoy ( put the .45 in he waistband ) so do i. Cal grin , put the money in he pocket as they go out . CUT to : 205 int . steerage , aft Jack , Rose , fabrizio and Tommy be lose , search for a way out . they push past confuse passenger ... past a mother change she baby 's diaper on top of a upturn steamer trunk ... past a woman argue heatedly with a man in serbo-croatian , a wail child next to they ... past a man kneel to console a woman who be just sit on the floor , sobbing ... and past another man with a English / Arabic dictionary , try to figure out what the sign mean , while he wife and child wait patiently . Jack et al come upon a narrow stairwell and they go up two deck before they be stop by a small group press up against a steel gate . the steerage man be yell at a scared steward . steward go to the main stairwell , with everyone else . it will all get sort out there . Jack take one look at this scene and finally just lose it . jack God damn it to Hell son of a bitch !! he grab one end of a bench bolt to the floor on the landing . he start pull on it , and Tommy and fabrizio pitch in until the bolt shear and it break free . Rose figure out what they be do and clear a path up the stair between the wait people . rose move aside ! quickly , move aside ! Jack and Tommy run up the step with the bench and ram it into the gate with all they strength . it rip loose from its track and fall outward , narrowly mss the steward . led by Jack , the crowd surge though . Rose step up to the cower steward and say in she most imperious tone : rose if you have any intention of keep you pathetic job ( more ) rose ( cont 'd ) with the White Star line , I suggest you escort this good people to the boat deck ... now . class win out . he nod dumbly motion form they to follow . CUT to : 206 ext . boat 6 / titanic - night Ruth row with Molly Brown , two other woman and the incompetent sailor . she rest on she oar , exhaust , and look back at the ship . it slant down into the water , still ablaze with light . nothing be above water forward of the bridge except for the foremast . another rocket go off , lighting up the entire area ... there be a dozen boat move outward from the ship . 207 at the boat deck rail Captain Smith be shouting to Boat 6 through a large metal megaphone . smith come back ! come back to the ship ! chief officer wilde join he , blow he silver whistle . 208 from boat 6 the whistle come shrilly across the water . quartermaster hitchin grip the rudder in fear . hitchin the suction will pull we right down if we do not keep go . molly we get room for lot more . I say we go back . hitchin no ! it 's we life now , not theirs . and I be in charge of this boat ! now row !! 209 captain smith , at the rail of the boat deck , lower he megaphone slowly smith the fool . CUT to : 210 int . a-deck foyer as Cal and lovejoy cross the foyer encounter Benjamin guggenheim and he valet , coth dress in white tie , tail - coat and top hat . cal Ben , what 's the occasion ? guggenheim we have dress in we best and be prepare to go down like gentleman . cal that 's admirable , ben. ( walk on ) I will sure and tell you wife ... when I get to New York . CUT to : 211 int . first CLASS smoking room there be still two cardgame in progress . the room be quiet and civilized . a silver serve cart , hold a large humidor , begin to roll slowly across the room . one of the cardplayer take a cigar from it as it roll by . cardplayer it seem we have be deal a bad hand this time . CUT to : 212 ext . / int . a-deck promenade Cal and lovejoy be walk aft with a purposeful stride . they pass chief baker johghin , who be work up a sweat toss deck chair over the rail . after they go by , joughin take a break and pull a bottle of scotch from a pocket , open it . he drain it , and toss it over the side too , then stand there a little unteadily . CUT to : 213 ext . boat deck and a- deck , aft panic be setting in around the remain boat aft . the crowd here be now a mix of all three class . officer repeatedly warn man back from the boat . the crowd press in closer . seamen scarott brandish the tiller of boat 14 to discourage a close press of man who look ready to rush the boat . several man break rank and rush forward . lightoller pull out he webley revolver and aim it at they . lightoller get back ! keep order ! the man back down . fifth Officer lowe stand in the boat , yell to the crew . lowe lower away leave and right ! lightoller turn away from the crowd and , out of they sight , break he pistol open . letting out a long breath , he start to load it . CUT to : 214 ext . boat deck , starboard side , aft Cal and lovejoy arrive in time to see murdoch lowering he last boat . cal we be too late . lovejoy there be still some boat forward . stay with this one ... murdoch . he seem to be quite ... practical . 215 in the water below there be another panic . Boat 13 , already in the water but still attach to its fall , be push aft by the discharge water be pump out of the ship . it wind up directly under boat 15 , which be come downt he right on top of it . the passenger shout in panic to the crew above to stop lowering . they be ignore . some man put they hand up , try futilely to keep the 5 ton of boat 15 from crush they . Fred Barrett , the stoker , get out he knife and leap to the after fall , climb rudely over people . he cut the aft fall while another crewman cut the forward line . 13 drift out from beneath 15 just second before it touch the water with a slap . Cal , look down from the rail hear gunshot -- CUT to : 216 ext . boat deck / a-deck , port , aft fifth Officer lowe , in Boat 14 be fire he gun as a warning to a bunch of man threaten to jump into the boat as it pass the open promenade on a - deck . lowe stay back you lot ! blam ! blam ! CUT to : 217 ext . boat deck , starboard , aft the shot echo away . cal it 's start to fall apart . we do not have much time . Cal see three dog run by , include the black french bulldog . someone have release the pet from the kennel . Cal see murdoch turn from the davit of boat 15 and start walk toward the bow . he catch up and fall in beside he . cal Mr. murdoch , I be a businessman , as you know , and I have a business proposition for you . CUT to : 218 omitted 219 ext . boat deck , port Jack , Rose et al burst out onto the boat deck from the crew stair just aft of the third funnel . they look at the empty davit . rose the boat be go ! she see Colonel Gracie chugge forward along the deck , escort two first class lady . rose Colonel ! be there any boat leave ? gracie ( stare at she bedraggle state ) yes , miss ... there be still a couple of boat all the way forward . this way , I will lead you ! Jack grab she hand and they sprint past Gracie , with Tommy and fabrizio close behind . angle on the band ... incredibly they be still play . Jack , Rose and the other run by . tommy Music to drow by . now I know I be in first class . CUT to : 220 ext . boat deck , starboard , forward Water pour like a spillway over the forward railing on b- deck . camera sweep up past a- deck to the Boat deck where murdoch and he team be load collapsible car the forward - most davit . note : there be four so -called collapsible , or engelhardt boat , include two which be store on the roof of the officer 's quarter . the crowd be sparse , with most people still aft . Cal slip he hand out of hte pocket of he overcoat and into the waist pocket of murdoch 's greatcoat , leave the stack of bill there . cal so we have a understanding then ? murdoch ( nodd curtly ) as you have say . Cal , satisfied , step back . he find himself wait next to J. Bruce ismay . ismay do not meet he eye , nor anyone 's . lovejoy come sup to Cal at that moment . lovejoy I have find she . she 's just over on the port side . with he . murdoch woman and child ? any more woman and child ? ( glance at Cal ) any one else , then ? Cal look longingly at he boat ... he moment have arrive . cal God damn it to hell ! come on . he and lovejoy head for the port side , take a short - cut through the bridge . Bruce ismay , see he oppurtunity , step quickly into collapsible C . he stare straight ahead , not meeting murdoch 's eye . murdoch ( stare at ismay ) take they down . CUT to : 221 ext . boat deck / port side - night on the port side lightoller be get people into Boat 2 . he keep he pistol in he hand at this point . twenty foot below they the sea be pour into the door and window of B deck stateroom . they can hear the roar of water cascade into the ship . lightoller woman and child , please . woman and child only . step back , sir . even with Jack 's arm wrap around she , Rose be shiver in the cold . near she a woman with two young daughter look into the eye of a husband she know she may not see again husband Goodbye for a little while ... only for a little while . ( to he two little girl ) go with mummy . the woman stumble to the boat with the child , hide she tear from they . beneath the false good cheer , the man be choke with emotion . husband hold mummy 's hand and be a good girl . that 's right . some of the woman be stoic , other be overwhelm by emotion and have to be help into the boat . a man scribbles a note and hand it to a woman who be about to board . man please get this to my wife in demoine , Iowa . Jack look at Tommy and fabrizio . jack you better check out the other side . they nod and run off , search for a way around the deckhouse . rose I be not go without you . jack get in the boat , Rose . Cal walk up just then . cal yes . get in the boat , Rose . she be shocked to see he . she step instinctively to Jack . Cal look at she , stand there shiver in she wet slip and stocking , a shocking display in 1912 . cal my God , look at you . ( take off he boat ) here , put this on . she numbly shrug into it . he be do it for modesty , not the cold . lightoller quickly , lady . step into the boat . hurry , please ! jack go on . I will get the next one . rose no . not without you ! she do not even care that Cal be stand right there . he see the emotion between Jack and Rose and he jaw clenches . but then he lean close to she and say ... cal ( low ) there be boat on the other side that be allow man in . Jack and I can get off safely . both of we . jack ( he smile reassuringly ) I will be alright . hurry up so we can get go ... we get we own boat to catch . cal get in ... hurry up , it 's almost full . lightoller grab she arm and pull she toward the boat . she reach out for Jack and she finger brush he for a moment . then she find herself step down into the boat . it 's all a rush and blur . lightoller lower away ! the two man watch at the rail as the boat begin to descend . cal ( low ) you be a good liar . jack almost as good as you . cal I always win , Jack . one way or another . ( look at he , smile ) pity I do not keep that draw . it 's go to be worth a lot more by morning . Jack know he be screw . he look down at Rose , not want to waste a second of he last view of she . 222 rose's perception ... in slow motion : the rope go through the pulley as the seamen start to lower . all sound go away ... lightoller give order , he lip move ... but Rose hear only the blood pound in she ear ... this can not be happen ... a rocket burst above in slow-motion , outline Jack in a halo of light ... Rose 's hair blow in slow motion as she gaze up at he , descend away from he ... she see he hand tremble , the tear at the corner of he eye , and cannot believe the unbearable pain she be feel ... Rose be still stare up , tear pour down she face . suddenly she be moving . she lunge across the woman next to she . reaches the gunwale , climb it ... hurl herself out of the boat to the rail of the a - deck promenade , catch it , and scramble over the rail . the Boat 2 continue down . but Rose be back on Titanic . jack no Rose ! noooo !! Jack spin from the rail , run for the nearest way down to a - deck . hockley too have see she jump . she be willing to die for this man , this gutter scum . he be overwhelm by a rage so all consume it eclipse all think . CUT to : 223 int . grand staircase tracking with jack as he bang through the door to the foyer and sprint down the stair . he see she come into a-deck foyer , run toward he , Cal 's long coat fly out behind she as she run . they meet at the bottom of the stair , and collide in a embrace . jack Rose , Rose , you be so stupid , you be such a idiot -- and all the while he 's kissing she and hold she as tight as he can . rose you jump , I jump , right ? jack right . hockley come in and run to the railing . look down he see they lock in they embrace . lovejoy come up behind Cal and put a restrain hand on he , but Cal whip around , grab the pistol from lovejoy 's waistband in one cobra-fast move . he run along the rail and down the stair . as he reach the landing above they he raise the gun . scream in rage , he fire . the carve cherub at the foot of the center railing explode . Jack pull Rose toward the stair go down to the next deck . Cal fire again , run down the step toward they . a bullet blow a divet out of the oak panell behind Jack 's head as he pull Rose down the next flight of stair . hockley step on the skitter head of the cherub statue and go sprawling . the gun clatter across the marble floor . he get up , and reeling drunkenly go over to retrieve it . CUT to : 224 int . d-deck reception room the bottom of the grand staircase be flood several foot deep . Jack and Rose come down the stair two at a time and run straight into the water , fording across the room to where the floor slope up , until they reach dry foot at the entrance to the dining saloon . steadicam with hockley as he reel down the stair in time to see Jack and Rose splash through the water toward the dining saloon . he fire twice . Big gout of spray near they , but he 's not a great shot . the water boil up around he foot and he retreast up the stair a couple of step . around he the woodward groan and creak . cal ( call to they ) enjoy you time together !! lovejoy arrive next to he . Cal suddenly remember something and start to laugh . lovejoy what could possible be funny ? cal I put the diamond in my coat pocket . and I put my coat ... on she . he turn to lovejoy with a sickly expression , he eye glitter . cal I give it to you ... if you can get it . he hand lovejoy the pistol and go back up the stair . lovejoy think about it ... then slog into the water . the icewater be up to he waist as he cross the pool into the dining saloon . CUT to : 225 int . dine SALOON lovejoy move among the table and ornate column , search ... listen ... he eye tracking rapidly . it be a sea of table , and they could be anywhere . a silver serve tolley roll downhill , bump into table and pillar . he glance behind he . the water be follow he into the room , advance in a hundred foot wide tide . the reception room be now a roiling lake , and the grand staircase be submerge past the first landing . monstrous groan echo through the ship . on jack and rose , crouch behind a table , somewhere in the middle . they see the water advance toward they , swirl over the floor . they crawl ahead of it to the next row of table . jack ( whisper ) stay here . he move off as -- lovejoy move over one row and look along the table . nothing . the ship groans and creak . he move another row . angle on a metal cart ... five foot tall and full of stack of china dish . it start to roll down the aisle between table . on rose as the cart roll toward she . it hit a table and the stack of dish topple out , exploding across the floor and shower she . she scramble out of the way and -- lovejoy spin , see she . he move rapidly toward she , keep the gun aim -- that 's when Jack tackle he from the side . they slam together into a table , crash over it , and toppling to the floor . they land in the water which be flow rapidly between the table . Jack and lovejoy grapple in the icy water . Jack jam he knee down on lovejoy 's hand , break he grip on the pistol , and kick it away . lovejoy scrmble up and lunge at he , but Jack gutpuches he right in the solar plexus , double he over . jack compliment of the chippewa Falls dawson . he grab lovejoy and slam he into a ornate columb . lovejoy drop to the floor with a splas , stunne . jack let 's go . Jack and Rose run aft ... uphill ... enter the galley . behind they the table have become island in a lake ... and the far end of the room be flood up to the ceiling . lovejoy get up and look around for he gun . he pull it up out of the water and wade after they . CUT to : 226 int . galley / stairwell they run throught the galley and Rose spot the stair . she start up and Jack grab she hand . he lead she down . they crouch together on the landing as lovejoy run to the stair . assume they have go up ( who would not ? ) he clomb up they two at a time . they wait for the footstep to recede . a long creaking groan . then they hear it ... a crying child . below they . they go down a frew step to look along the next deck . CUT to : 227 int . e-deck corridor the corridor be awash , about a foot deep . stand against the wall , about 50 foot away , be a little boy , aobut 3 . the water swirl around he leg and he be wail . rose we can not leave he . Jack nod and they leave the promise of escape up the stairwell to run to the child . Jack scoops up the kid and they run back to the stair but -- a torrent of water come pour down the stair like rapid . in second it be too powerful for they to go against . jack come on . charge the other way down the flooding corridor , they blast up spray with each footstep . at the end of the hall be heavy double door . as Jack approach they he see water spraying through the gap between the door right up to the ceiling . the door groan and start to crack under the ton of pressure . jack back ! go back !! Rose pivot and run back the way they come , take a turn into a cross-corridor . a man be come the other way . he see the boy in Jack 's arm and cry out , grab he away from Jack . start cursing he in Russian . he run on with the boy -- rose no ! not that way ! come back ! 228 double door blast OPEN . a wall of water thunder into the corridor . the father and child disappear instantly . Jack and Rose run as a wave blast around the corner , foam from floor to ceiling . it gain on they like a locomotive . they make it to a stairway go up . CUT to : 229 int . stairwell Jack and Rose pound up the step as white water swirl up behind they . pull back to reveal that a steel gate block the top of the stair . Jack slam against the fate , grip the bar . a terrify steward stand guard on the landing above turn to run at the sight of the water thunder up the stair . jack wait ! wait ! help we ! unlock the gate . the steward run on . the water well up around Jack and Rose , pour through the gate and slamm they against it . in second it be up to they waist . rose help we ! please ! the steward stop and look back . he see Jack and Rose at the gate , they arm raching through ... see the water pouring through the gate onto the landing . steward Fucking ' ell ! he run back , slogging against the curretn . he pull a key ring from he belt and struggle to unlock the padlock as the water fountain up around they . the light short out and the landing be plunge into darkness . the water rise over the lock and he 's do it by feel . jack come on ! come on ! Jack and Rose be right up against the ceiling ... suddenly the gate give and swing OPEN . they be push through by the force of the water . they make it to stair on the other side of the landing and follow the steward up to the next deck . CUT to : 230 ext . boat deck , starboard side Cal come reeling out of the first class entrance , look wild - eye . the lurch down the deck toward the bridge . waltz music waft over the ship . somewhere the band be still play . cal' Pov : a little girl , maybe two year old , be cry along in the alcove . she look up at Cal beseechingly . Cal move on without a glance back ... reach a large crowd cluster around collapsible a just aft of the bridge . he see murdoch and a number of crewmen struggle to drag the boat to the davit , with no luck . Cal push forward , try to signal murdoch , but the officer ignore he . nearby Tommy and fabrizio be be push forward by the crowd behind . purser mcelroy push they back , get a couple of seamen to help he . he brandish he gun , wave it in the air , yell for the crowd to stay back . CUT to : 231 ext . boat deck , port side / roof of officer ' quarter lightoller , with a group of crew and passenger , be try to get collapsible B down from the roof . they slide it down a pair of oar lean against the deck house . lightoller hold it ! hold it ! the weight of the boat snap the oar and it crash to the deck , upside down . the two swedish cousin , olaus and bjorn gunersen , jump back as the boat nearly hit they . CUT to : 232 omitted 233 int . stairwell Jack and Rose run up seemingly endless stair as the ship groan and torgue around they . CUT to : 234 ext . boat deck , starboard side murdoch , at collapsible a , be no longer in control . the crowd be threaten to rush the boat . they push and jostle , yell and shouting at the officer . the pressure from behind push they forward , and one guy fall off the edge of the deck into the water less than ten foot below . tommy give we a chance to live , you limey bastard ! murdoch fire he webley twice in the air , then point it at the crowd . murdoch I will shoot any man who try to get past I . Cal step up to he . cal we have a deal , damn you . murdoch push he back , point the pistol at Cal . murdoch get back ! a man next to Tommy rush forward , and Tommy be shove from behind . murdoch shoot the first man , and see Tommy come forward , put a bullet into he chest . Tommy collapse , and fabrizio grab he , hold he in he arm as he life flow out over the deck . murdoch turn to he man and salute smartly . then he put the pistol to he temple and ... blam ! he drop like a puppet with the string cut and topple over the edge of the boat deck into the water only a few foot below . Cal stare in horror at murdoch 's body bob in the black water . the money float out of the pocket of he greatcoat , the bill spread across the surface . the crew rush to get the last few woman aboart the boat . purser mcelroy ( call above the confusion ) any more woman or child ?! the child cry in the alcove . Cal scoops she up and run forward , cradling she in he arm . cal ( force he way through the crowd ) here 's a child ! I have get a child ! cal ( cont 'd ) ( to mcelroy ) please ... I be all she have in the world . mcelroy nod curtly and push he into the boat . he spin with he gun , brandish it in the air to keep the other man back . Cal get into the boat , hold the little girl . he take a seat with the woman . cal there , there . CUT to : 235 int . first CLASS smoke room Thomas andrew stand in front of the fireplace , stare at the large painting above the mantle . the fire be still go in the fireplace . the room be empty except for andrew . a ashtray fall off the table . behind he Jack and Rose run into the room , out of breath and soak . they run through , toward the aft revolve door ... then Rose recognize he . she see that he lifebelt be off , lie on a table . rose wo not you even make a try for it , Mr. andrew ? andrews ( a tear roll down he cheek ) I be sorry that I do not build you a stronger ship , young Rose . jack ( to she ) it 's go fast ... we have get to keep move . andrew pick up he lifebelt and hand it to she . andrews good luck to you , Rose . rose ( hugging he ) and to you , Mr. andrew . Jack pull she away and they run through the revolve door . CUT to : 236 ext . boat deck and various location the band finish the waltz . wallace hartley look at the orchestra member . hartley right , that 's it then . they leave he , walk forward along the deck . hartley put he violin to he chin and bow the first note of " nearer my God to thee " . one by one the band memeber turn , hearing the lonely melody . without a word they walk back and take they place . they join in with hartley , fill out the sound so that it reach all over the ship on this still night . the vocalist begin : " if in my dream I be , nearer my God to thee ... " the hymn plays over the following sequence : 237 a seaman pull off he lifebelt and catch up to Captain Smith as he walk to the bridge . he proffer it , but Smith seem to stare through he . without a word he turn and go onto the bridge . he enter the enclose wheelhouse and close the door . he be alone , surround by the gleam brass instrument . he seem to inwardly collapse . 238 in the first CLASS smoking room andrew stand like a statue . he pull out he pocketwatch and check the time . then he open the face of the mantle clock and adjust it to the correct time : 2:12 a.m . everything must be correct . 239 in cal' parlour suite water swirl in from the private promenade deck . Rose 's painting be submerge . the Picasso tranform under the water 's surface . dega ' color run . Monet 's water lily come to life . 240 downangle on the two figure lie side by side , fully clothed , on a bed in a first CLASS cabin . elderly ida and isador strauss stare at the ceiling , hold hand like young lover . Water pour into the room through a doorway . it swirl around the bed , two foot deep rise fast . 241 in a steerage cabin somewhere in the bowel of the ship , the young irish mother , see earlier stoically wait at the stair , be tucking she two young child into bed . she pull up the cover , make sure they be all warm and cozy . she lie down with they on the bed , speak soothingly and hold they . CUT to : ext . boat deck / bridge 242 in a wide shot we see a wave travel up the boat deck as the bridge house sink into the water . 243 on the port side collapsible B be pick up by water . work frantically , the man try to detach it from the fall so the ship will not drag it under . Colonel Gracie hand lightoller a pocket knife and he saw furiously at the rope as the water swirl around he leg . the boat , still upside down , be sweep off the ship . Men start diving in , swim to stay with it . 244 in collapsible a Cal sit next to the wail child , whom he have completely forget . he watch the water rise around the man as they work , scramble to get the rope cut so the ship will not drag the collapsible under . fabrizio remove the lifebelt from Tommy 's body and struggle to put it on as the water rise around he . 245 captain smith , stand near the wheel , watch the black water climb the window of the enclose wheelhouse . he have the stricken expression of a damned sould on judgment Day . the window burst suddenly and a wall of water edge with shard of glass slam into Smith . he disappear in a vortex of foam . 246 collapsible a be hit by a wave as the bow plunge suddenly . it partially swamp the boat , wash it along the deck . over a hundred passenger be plunge into the freezing water and the area around the boat become a frenzy of splash , scream people . as man be try to climb into the callapsible , Cal grab a oar and push they back into the water . cal get back ! you will swamp we ! fabrizio , swim for he life , get swirl under a davit . the rope and pulley tangle around he as the davit go under the water , and he be drag down . underwater he struggle to free himself , and then kick back to the surface . he surface , gasp for air in the freezing water . 247 wallace hartley see the water roll rapidly up the deck toward they . he hold the last note of the hymn in a sustain , and then lower he violin . hartley gentlemen , it have be a previlege play with you tonight . CUT to : 248 ext . a-deck aft , port side Jack and Rose run out of the palm court into a dense crowd . Jack push he way to the rail and look at the state of the ship . the bridge be under water and tehre be chaos on deck . Jack help she put she lifebelt on . people stream around they , shouting and push . jack okay ... we keep move aft . we have to stay on the ship as long as possible . they push they way aft through the panic crowd . CUT to : 249 ext . forward funnel collapsible a be whirle like a leaf in the current around the sining ship . it slam against the side of the forward funnel . cal ( to the crew in the boat ) row ! row you bastard !! 250 nearby : fabrizio be draw up against the grate of a stokehold vent as water pour through it . the force of ton of water roaring down the ship trap he against it , and he be drag down under the surface as the ship sink . he struggle to free himself but cannot . suddenly there be a concussion deep in the bowel of the ship as a furnace explode and a blast of hot air belch out of hte ventilator , eject fabrizio . he surface in a roar of foam and keep swim . CUT to : 251 ext . a- deck / b-deck / well deck , aft Jack and Rose clamber over the a - deck aft rail . then , use all he strength , he lower she toward the deck below , hold on with one hand . she dangle , then fall . Jack jump down behind she . they join a crush of people literally claw and scramble over each other to get down the narrow stair to the well deck ... the only way aft . see that the stair be impossible , Jack climb over the b- deck railing and help Rose over . he lower she again , and she fall in a heap . Baker joughin , now three sheet to the wind , happen to be next to she . he haul Rose to she foot . Jack drop down and the three of they push through the crowd across the well deck . near they , at the rail , people be jump into the water . the ship groans and shudder . the man ahead of Jack be walk like a zombie . man yeah , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death -- jack you wanna walk a little faster through that valley , fella ? CUT to : 252 ext . forward funnel the stay cable along the top of the funnel snap , and they lash like steel whip down into the water . Cal watch as the funnel topple from its mount . falling like a temple pillar twenty eight foot across it whomp into the water with a tremendous splash . people swim underneath it disappear in a instant . fabrizio , a few foot away , be hurl back by a huge wave . he come up , gasp ... still swim . the water pour into the open end of the funnel draw in several swimmer . the funnel sink , disappear , but -- hundred of ton of water pour down through the 30 foot hole where the funnel stand , thunder down into the belly of the ship . a whirlpool form , a hole in the ocean , like at enormous toiler - flush . T. W. mccauley , the gym instructor swim in a frenzy as the vortex draw he in . he be suck down like a spider go down a drain . fabrizio , nearby , swim like Hell as more people be suck down behind he . he manage to get clear . he 's go to live no matter what it take . CUT to : 253 int . boat deck foyer / grand staircase Water raor through the door and window , cascade down the stair like a rapid . John Jacob astor be sweep down the marble step to a - deck , which be already flood ... a roiling vortex . he grab the headless cherub at the bottom of the staircase and wrap he arm around it . astor look up in time to see the 30 foot glass dome overhead explose inward with the wave of water wash over it . a Niagara of sea water thunder down into the room , blast through the first class opulence . it be the armageddon of elegance . CUT to : 254 omitted 255 int . belowdecks the flooding be horrific . wall and door be splinter like kindling . Water roar down corridor with pile-driver force . the cartmell family be at the top of a stairwell , jamme against a lock gate like Jack and Rose be . Water boil up the stairwell behind they . bert cartmell shake the gate futilely , shouting for help . Little cora wail as the water boil up around they all . CUT to : 256 ext . stern Rose and Jack struggle to climb the well deck stair as the ship tilt . drunk Baker joughin put a hand squarely on Rose 's butt and shove she up onto the deck . joughin sorry , miss ! hundred of people be already on the poop deck , and more be pour up every second . Jack and Rose cling together as tehy struggle across the tilting deck . 257 as the bow go down , the stern rise . in boat 2 , which be just off the stern , passenger gape as the giant bronze propeller rise out of the water like god of the deep , filling frame behind they . people be jumping from the well deck , the poop deck , the gangway door . some hit debris in the water and be hurt or kill . 258 omitted 259 omitted 260 ext . stern on the poop deck Jack and Rose struggle aft as the angle increase . hundred of passenger , cling to every fix object on deck , huddle on they knee around father byle , who have he voice raise in prayer . they be praying , sobbing , or just stare at nothing , they mind blank with dread . pull himself from handhold to handhold , Jack tug Rose aft along the deck . jack come on , Rose . we can not expect God to do all the work for we . they struggle on , push through the praying people . a man lose he foot ahead and slide toward they . Jack help he . 261 the propellers be twenty foot above the water and rise faster . 262 jack and rose make it to the stern rail , right at the base of the flagpole . they grip the rai , jamme in between other people . it be the spot where Jack pull she back onto the ship , just two night ... and a liftime ... ago . above the wail and sobbing , Father byle ' voice carry , crack with emotion . father byle ... and I see new heaven and a new earth . the former heaven and the former earth have pass away and the sea be no longer . the light flicker , threaten to go out . Rose grip Jack as the stern rise into a night sky ablaze with star . father byle I also see a new Jerusalem , the holy city come down out of heaven from God , beautiful as a bride prepare to meet she husband . I hear a loud voice from the throne ring out this be God 's dwelling among man . he shall dwell with they and they shall be he people and he shall be they God who be alway with they . Rose stare about she at the face of the doom . near they be the dahl family , cling together stoically . helga look at she briefly , and she eye be infinitely sad . Rose see a young mother next to she , clutching she five year old son , who be cry in terror . mother shhh . do not cry . it will be over soon , darling . it will all be over soon . father byle he shall wipe every tear from they eye . and there shall be no more death or mourn , cry out or pain , for the former world have pass away . CUT to : int . ship -- various as the ship tilt further everything not bolt down inside shift . 263 cupboard burst open in the pantry shower the floor with ton of china . a piano slide across the floor , crash into a wall . furniture tumble across the smoke room floor . 264 on the a-deck promenade passenger lose they grip and slide down the wooden deck like a bobsle run , hundred of foot before they hit the water . trudy bolt , Rose 's may , slip as she struggle along the railing and slide away scream . 265 at the stern the propeller be 100 foot out of the water and rise . panick people leap from the poop deck rail , fall scream and hit the water like mortar round . a man fall from the poop deck , hit the bronze hub of the starboard propeller with a sicken smack . 266 swimmer look up and see the stern tower over they like a monolith , the propeller rise against the star . 110 foot . 120 . 267 at the stern rail a man jump . in he Pov we fall seemingly forever , right past one of the giant screw . the water rush up -- CUT to : ext . titanic / boat 6 268 tracking slowly in on Ruth as the sound of the die ship and the scream people come across the water . 269 reverse / her Pov : in a wide shot we see the spectacle of the Titanic , she light blaze , reflect in the still water . its stern be high in the air , angle up over forty five degree . the propeller be 150 foot out of the water . over a thousand passenger cling to the deck , look from a distance like a swarm of bee . the image be shocking , unbelieveable , unthinkable . Ruth stare at the spectacle , unable to frame it or put it into any proportion . molly brown God almighty . the great liner 's light flicker . CUT to : 270 int . engine room in darkness Chief engineer Bell hang onto a pipe at the master braker panel . around he man climb through tilt cyclopean mahcine with electric hand - torch . it be a black hell of break pipe , spraying water , and groan machinery threaten to tear right out of its bedplate . Water spray down , hit the breaker panel , but Bell will not leave he post . clunk . the breaker kick . he slam they in again and -- whoom ! a blast of light ! something melt and arcing fill the engine room with nightmarish light -- CUT to : 271 ext . titanic wide shot . the light go out all over the ship . Titanic become a vast black silhouette against the star . in collapsible C : bruce ismay have he back to the ship , unable to watch the great steamer die . he be catatonic with remorse , he mind overload . he can avert he eye , but he can not block out the sound of die people and machinery . a loud cracking report come across the water . CUT to : 272 ext . boat deck near the third funnel a man clutches the ship 's rail . he stare down as the deck split right between he foot . a yawn chasm open with a thunder of break steel lovejoy be clutching the railing on the roof of the officer ' mess . he watch in horror as the ship 's structure rip apart right in front of he . he gape down into a widen maw , see straight down into the bowel of the ship , amid a booming concussion like the sound of artillery . people fall into the widen crevasse look like doll . the stay cable on the funnel part and snap across the deck like whip , rip off davit and ventilator . a man be hit by a whipping cable and snatch out of frame . another cable smashes the rail next to lovejoy and it rip free . he fall backward into the pit of jag metal . fire , explosion and spark light the yawn chasm as the hull split down through nine deck to the keel . the sea pour into the gape wound -- CUT to : 273 int . engine room it be a thunder black hell . Men scream as monstrous machinery come apart around they , steel frame twist like taffy . they torch illuminate the roaring , foam demon of water as it race at the through the manchine . try to climb they be overtaken in second . CUT to : 274 ext . titanic - night the stern alf of the ship , almost four hundred foot long , fall back toward the water . on the poop deck everyone scream as they feel themselves plummete . the sound go up like the roar of fan at a baseball stadium when a run be score . swim in the water directly under the stern a few unfortunate shriek as they see the keel come down on they like God 's bootheel . the massive stern section fall back almost level , thunder down into the sea and push out a mighty wave of displace water . Jack and Rose struggle to hole onto the stern rail . they feel the ship seemingly right itself . some of that praying think it be salvation . several people we be save ! Jack look at Rose and shake he head , grimly . now the horrible mechanic play out . pull down by the awesome weight of the flood bow , the buoyant stern tilt up rapidly . they feel the rush of ascent as the fantail angle up again . everyone be cling to bench , railing , ventilator ... anything to keep from slide as the stern lift . the stern go up and up , past 45 degree , then past sixty . people start to fall , slide and tumble . they skid down the deck , scream and flail to grab onto someht . they wrench other people loose and pull they down as well . there be a pile - up of body at the forward rail . the dahl family fall one by one . jack we have to move ! he climb over the stern rail and reach back for Rose . she be terrify to move . he grab she hand . jack come on ! I have get you ! Jack pull she over the rail . it be the same place he pull she over the rail two night earlier , go the other direction . she get over just as the railing be go horizontal , and the deck veritcal . Jack grip she fiercely . the stern be now straight up in the air ... a rumbling black monolith stand against the star . it hang there like that for a long grace note , its buoyancy stable . Rose lie on the railing , look down fifteen storey to the boil sea at the base of the stern section . people near they , who do not climb over , hang from the railing , they leg dangle over the long drop . they fall one by one , plummete down the vertical face of the poop deck . some of they bounce horribly off deck bench and ventilator . Jack and Rose lie side by side on what be the vertical face of the hull , grip the railing , which be now horizontal . just beneath they foot be the gold letter titanic emblazon across the stern . Rose stare down terrify at the black ocean wait below to claim they . Jack look to he leave and see Baker joughin , crouching on the hull , hold onto the railing . it be a surreal moment . joughin ( nodd a greeting ) helluva night . the final relentless plunge begin as the stern section flood . look down a hundred foot to the water , we drop like a elevator with Jack and Rose . jack ( talk fast ) take a deep breath and hold it right before we go into the water . the ship will suck we down . kick for the surface and keep kick . do not let go of my hand . we be gonna make it Rose . trust I . she stare at the water come up at they , and grip he hand harder . rose I trust you . below they the poop deck be disappear . the plunge gather speed ... the boil surface engulf the docking bridge and then rush up the last thirty foot . 278 in a high shot , we see the stern descend into the boil sea . the name titanic disappear , and the tiny figure of Jack and Rose vanish under the water . where the ship stand , now there be nothing . only the black ocean . CUT to : 279 ext . ocean / underwater and surface body be whirle and spun , some limp as doll , other struggle spasmodically , as the vortex suck they down and tumble they . 280 Jack rise into frame f.g. kick hard for the surface ... hold tightly to Rose , pull she up . 281 at the surface : a roiling chaos of scream , thrashing people . over a thousand people be now float where the ship go down . some be stunne , gasp for breath . other be cry , praying , moan , shouting ... scream . Jack and Rose surface among they . they barely have time to gasp for air before people be claw at they . people drive insane by the water , 4 degree below freezing , a cold so intense it be indistinguishable form death by fire . a man push Rose under , try to climb on top of she ... senselessly try to get out of the water , to climb onto anything . Jack punch he repeatedly , pull she free . jack swim , Rose ! swim ! she try , but she stroke be not as effective as he because of she lifejacket . they break out of the clot of people . he have to find some kind of flotation , anything to get she out of the freezing water . jack keep swim . keep move . come one , you can do it . all about they there be a tremendous wail , scream and moan ... a chorus of torment soul . and beyond that ... nothing but black water stretch to the horizon . the sense of isolation and hopelessness be overwhelming . CUT to : 282 omitted 283 ext . ocean Jack stroke rhythmically , the effort keep he from freezing . jack look for something float . some debris ... wood ... anything . rose it 's so cold . jack I know . I know . help I , here . look around . his word keep she focus , take she mind off the wail around they . Rose scan the water , panting , barely able to draw a breath . she turn and ... scream . a devil be right in from of she face . it be the black french bulldog , swim right at she like a seamonster in the darkness , its coal eye bugging . it motor past she , like it be head for newfoundland . Beyond it Rose see someht in the water . rose what 's that ? Jack see what she be point to , and they make for it together . it be a piece of wooden debris , intricately carve . he push she up and she slither onto it belly down . but when Jack try to get up onto the thing , it tilt and submerges , almost dump Rose off . it be clearly only big enough to support she . he cling to it , close to she , keep he upper body out of the water as best he can . they breath float around they in a cloud as they pant from exertion . a man swim toward they , home in on the piece of debris . Jack warn he back . jack it 's just enough for this lady ... you will push it under . man let I try at least , or I will die soon . jack you will die quick if you come any closer . man yes , I see . good luck to you then . ( swim off ) God bless . CUT to : 284 ext . collapsible a / ocean the boat be overload and half - flood . Men cling to the side in the water . other , swim , be draw to it as they only hope . Cal , stand in the boat , slap he oar in the water as a warning . cal stay back ! keep off ! fabrizio , exhaust and near the limit , make it almost to the boat . Cal club he with the oar , cut open he scalp . fabrizio you do not ... understand ... I have ... to get ... to America . cal ( point with the oar ) it 's that way ! close on fabrizio as he float , panting each breath agony . you see the spirit leave he . fabrizio' Pov : Cal in slow motion , yell and wield the oar . a demon in a tuxedo . the image fade to black . CUT to : 285 ext . ocean jack and rose still float amid a chorus of hte damned . Jack see the ship 's officer nearby , chief officer wilde . he be blow he whistle furiously , know the sound will carry over the water for mile . jack the boat will come back for we , Rose . hold on just a little longer . they have to row away for the suction and now they will be come back . she nod , he word help she . she be shiver uncontrollably , she lip blue and she tooth chatter . rose thank God for you Jack . people be still scream , call to the lifeboat . woman come back ! please ! we know you can hear we . for God 's sake ! man please ... help we . save one life ! save on life ! CUT to : 286 ext . lifeboat / ocean in boat 6 : Ruth have she ear cover against the wail in the darkness . the first class woman in the boat sit , stunne , listen to the sound of hundred scream . hitchin they will pull we right down I tell ya ! molly aw knock it off , yer scarin ' I . come on girl , grab you oar . let 's go . ( nobody move ) well come on ! the woman will not meet she eye . they huddle into they ermine wrap . molly I do not understand a one of you . what 's the matter with you ? it 's you man back there ! we get plenty a ' room for more . hitchin if you do not shut that hole in yer face , there will be one less in this boat ! Ruth keep she ear cover and she eye close , shutting it all out . 287 in boat one : Sir cosmo and lucile duff - Gordon sit with ten other people in a boat that be two third empty . they be two hundred yard from the scream in the darkness . fireman hendrickson we should do something . lucile squeeze cosmo 's hand and plead he with she eye . she be terrify . sir cosmo it 's out of the question . the crewmember , intimidate by a nobleman , acquiesce . they hunch guiltily , hope the sound will stop soon . twenty boat , most half full , float in the darkness . none of they make a move . CUT to : 288 ext . ocean Jack and Rose drift under the blaze star . the water be glassy , with only the faintest undulate swell . Rose can actually see the star reflect on the black mirror of the sea . Jack squeeze the water out of she long coat , tucking it in tightly around she leg . he rub she arm . his face be chalk with in the darkness . a low moaning in the darkne around they . rose it 's get quiet . jack just a few more minute . it will take they a while to get the boat organize ... Rose be unmove , just stare into space . she know the truth . there will not be any boat . behind Jack she see that Officer wilde have stop move . he be slump in he lifejacket , look almost asleep . he have die of exposure already . jack I do not know about you , but I intend to write a strongly word letter to the White Star line about all this . she laugh weakly , but it sound like a gasp of fear . Rose find he eye in the dim light . rose I love you Jack . he take she hand . jack no ... do not say you good - by , Rose . do not you give up . do not do it . rose I be so cold . jack you be go to get out of this ... you be go to go on and you be go to make baby and watch they grow and you be go to die a old lady , warm in you bed . not here . not this night . do you understand I ? rose I can not feel my body . jack Rose , listen to I . listen . win that ticket be the best thing that ever happen to I . Jack be have trouble get the breath to speak . jack it bring I to you . and I be thankful , Rose . I be thankful . his voice be tremble with the cold which be work tis way to he heart . but he eye be unwaver . jack you must do I this honor ... promise I you will survive ... that you will never give up ... no matter what happen ... no matter how hopeless ... promise I now , and never let go of that promise . rose I promise . jack never let go . rose I promise . I will never let go , Jack . I will never let go . she grip he hand and they lie with they head together . it be quiet now , except for the lap of the water . CUT to : 289 ext . lifeboat / ocean - night fifth Officer lowe , the impetuous young welshman , have get boat 10 , 12 and collapsible D together with he own Boat 14 . a demon of energy , he 's have everyone hold the boat together and be transfer passenger from 14 into the other , to empty he boat for a rescue attempt . as the woman step gingerly across the other boat , lowe see a shawle figure in too much of a hurry . he rip the shawl off , and find himself stare into the face of a man . he angrily shove the stowaway into another boat and turn to he crew of three . lowe right , man the oar . CUT to : 290 ext . ocean / boat 14 the beam of a electric torch play across the water like a searchlight as boat 14 come toward we . angle from the boat as the torch illuminate float debris , a poignant trail of flotsam : a violin , a child 's wooden soldier , a frame photo of a steerage family . Daniel marvin 's wooden biograph camera . then , they white lifebelt bob in the darkness like signopost , the first body come into the torch 's beam . the people be dead but not drown , kill by the freezing water . some look like they could be sleep . other stare with freeze eye at the star . soon body be so thick the seamen cannot row . they hit the oar on the head of float man and woman ... a wooden thunk . one seaman throw up . lowe see a mother float with she arm freeze around she lifeless baby . lowe ( the worst moment of he life ) we wait too long . CUT to : 291 ext . ocean in a hovering downangle we see Jack and Rose float in the black water . the star reflect in the mill pond surface , and the two of they seem to be float in interstellar space . they be absolutely still . they hand be lock together . Rose be stare upwards at the canopy of star wheeling above she . the music be transparent , float ... as the long sleep steal over Rose , and she feel peace . close on Rose 's face . pale , like the face of the dead . she seem to be float in a void . Rose be in a semi-hallucinatory state . she know she be die . her lip barely move as she sing a scrap of Jack 's song : rose " come josephine in my fly machine ... " rose's Pov : the star . like you have never see they . the milky Way a glorious band from horizon to horizon . a shoot STAR flare ... a line of light across the heaven . tight on rose again . we see that she hair be dust with frost crystal . her breathe be so shallow , she be almost motionless . her eye track down from the star to the water . rose's Pov ... slow motion : the silhouetter of a boat crossing the star . she see man in it , row so slowly the oar lift out of the syrupy water , leave weightless pearl float in the air . the voice of the man sound slow and distorted . then the lookout flash he torch toward she and the light flare across the water , silouetting the bob corpse in between . it flick past she motionless form and move on . the boat be 50 foot away , and move past she . the man look away . Rose lift she head to turn to Jack . we see that she hair have freeze to the wood under she . rose ( barely audible ) Jack . she touch he shoulder with she free hand . he do not respond . Rose gently turn he face toward she . it be rime with frost . he seem to be sleep peacefully . but he be not asleep . Rose can only stare at he still face as the realization go through she . rose oh , Jack . all hope , will and spirit leave she . she look at the boat . it be further away now , the voice fainter . Rose watch they go . she close she eye . she be so weak , and there just seem to be no reason to even try . and then ... she eye snap open . she raise she head suddenly , crack the ice as she rip she hair off the wood . she call out , but she voice be so weak they do not hear she . the boat be invisible now , the torch light a star impossibly far away . she struggle to draw breath , call again . 292 in the boat lowe hear nothing behind he . he point to something ahead , turn the tiller . 293 rose struggle to move . her hand , she realize , be actually freeze to Jack 's . she breath on it , melting the ice a little , and gently unclasp they hand , break away a thin tinkling film . rose I will not let go . I promise . she release he and he sink into the black water . he seem to fade out like a spirit return to some immaterial plane . Rose roll off the float staircase and plunge into the icy water . she swim to Chief Officer wilde 's body and grab he whistle . she start to blow the whistle with all the strength in she body . its sound slap across the still water . 294 in boat 14 lowe whip around at the sound of the whistle . lowe ( turn the tiller ) row back ! that way ! pull ! Rose keep blow as the boat come to she . she be still blow when lowe take the whistle from she mouth as they haul she into the boat . she slip into uncosciousness and they scramble to cover she with blanket ... dissolve to : 295 int . imaging shack / keldysh extreme closeup of Rose 's ancient , wrinkle face . present day . old rose Fifteen hundred people go into the sea when Titanic sink from under we . there be twenty boat float nearby and only one come back . one . six be save from the water , myself include . six out of fifteen hundred . as she speak the camera track slowly across the face of lizzy and the salvage crew on keldysh . lovett , bodine , buell , the other ... the reality of what happen here 84 year before have hit they like never before . with she story Rose have put they on Titanic in its final hour , and or the first time , they do feel like graverobber . lovett , for the first time , have even forget to ask about the diamond . old rose afterward , the seven hundred people in the boat have nothing to do but waith ... wait to die , wait to live , wait for a absolution which would never come . dissolve to : 296 ext . lifeboat / OPEN sea - pre-dawn matching move as the camera track along the face of the save . dissolve to : another boat , and then another , see face we know among the survivor : ismay in a trance , just stare and tremble ... Cal , sip from a hip flask offer to he by a black - face stoker ... Ruth hugging herself , rock gently . in boat 14 : close on rose , lie swaddle . only she face be visile , white as the moon . the man next to she jump up , point and yell . soon everyone be look and shouting excitedly . in Rose 's Pov it be all silent , slow motion . in slow -motion silence we see lowe light a green flare and wave it as everyone shout and cheer . Rose do not react . she float beyond all human emotion . dissolve to : 298 ext . lifeboat / OPEN sea - dawn Golden lgiht wash across the white boat , which gloat in a calm sea reflect the rosy sky . all around they , like a flotilla of sailing ship , be iceberg . the carpathia sit nearby , as boat row toward she . dissolve to : 299 ext . lifeboat / ocean / carpathia montage - day image dissolve into one another : a ship 's hull loom , with the letter carpathia visible on the bow ... Rose watch , rock by the sea , she face blank ... seamen help survivor up the rope ladder to the carpathia 's gangway door ... two woman cry and hugging each other inside the ship ... all silent , all in slow-motion . there be just music , so gentle and sad , part elegy , part hymn , part aching song of love lose forever . the image continue to music ... Rose , outside of time , outside of herself , come into carpathia , barely able to stand ... Rose be drape wtih warm blanket and give hot tea ... bruce ismay climb aboard . he have the face and eye of a damned soul . as ismay walk along the hall , guide by a crewman toward the doctor 's cabin , he pass row of seat and stand widow . he must run the gauntlet of they accuse gaze . CUT to : 300 ext . deck / carpathia - day it be the afternoon of the 15th . Cal be search the face of the widow lining the deck , look for Rose . the deck of carpathia be cramme with huddle people , and even the recover lifeboat of Titanic . on a hatch cover sit a enormous pile of lifebelt . he keep walk toward the stern . see Cal 's tuxedo , a steward approach he . carpathia steward you will not find any of you people back here , sir . it 's all steerage . Cal ignore he and go amongst this wreck group , look under shawl and blanket at one bleak face after another . Rose be sip hot tea . her eye focus on he as he approach she . he barely recognize she . she look like a refugee , she matte hair hang in she eye . rose yes , I live . how awkward for you . cal Rose ... you mother and I have be look for you -- she hold up she hand , stop he . rose please do not . do not talk . just listen . we will make a deal , since that be something you understand . from this moment you do not exist for I , nor I for you . you shall not see I again . and you will not attempt to find I . in return I will keep my silence . you action last night need never come to light , and you will get to keep the honor you have carefully purchase . she fix he with a glare as cold and hard as the ice which change they life . rose be this in any way unclear ? cal ( after a long beat ) what do I tell you mother ? rose tell she that she daughter die with the Titanic . she stand , turn to the rail . dismiss he . we see Cal stricken with emotion . cal you be precious to I , Rose . rose jewel be precious . Goodbye , Mr. hockley . we see that in he way , the only way he know , he do truly love she . after a moment , he turn and walk away . old rose ( v.o. ) that be the last time I ever see he . he marry , of course , and inherite he million . the crash of 28 hit he interest hard , and he put a pistol in he mouth that year . his child fight over the scrap of he estate like hyenas , or so I read . 301 angle on rose , at the railing of the carpathia , 9 pm April 18th . she gaze up at the statue of Liberty , look just as it do today , welcoming she home with she glow torch . it be just as fabrizio see it , so clearly , in he mind . 302 later carpathia discorge the survivor at the cunard pier , pier 54 . over 30,000 people line the dock and fill the surround street . the magnesium flash of the photographer go off like small bomb , lighting a amazing tableau . several hundred police keep the mob back . the dock be pack with friend and reletive , official , ambulance , and the press -- Reporters and photographer swarm everywhere ... 6 deep at the foot of the gangway , lining the top of car and truck ... it be the 1912 equicalent of a media circus . they jostle to get close to the survivor , tug on they as they pass and shouting over each other to ask they question . Rose be cover with a whoollen shawl and walk with a group of steerage passenger . Immigration officer be ask they question as they come off the gangway . immigration officer name ? rose Dawson . Rose Dawson . the officer steer she toward a hold area for processing . Rose walk forward with the daze immigrant . the boom ! of photographer 's magnesium flash cause they to flinch , and the glare be blind . there be a sudden disturbance near she as two man burst through the cordon , run to embrace a older woman along the survivor , who cry out with joy . the reporter converge on this emotional scene , and flash explode . Rose use this moment to slip away into the crowd . she push through the jostling people , move with purpose , and none challenge she in the confusion . old rose ( v.o. ) can you exchange one life for another ? a caterpillar turn into a butterfly . if a mindless insect can do it , why could not I ? be it any more unimaginable than the sink of the Titanic ? tracking with her as she walk away , further and further until she flash and the roar be far behind she , and shi be till walk , determine . CUT to : 303 int . imaging shack / keldysh Old Rose sit with the group in the imaging shack , light by the blue glow of the screen . she hold the haircomb with the jade butterfly on the handle in she gnarled hand . bodine we never find anything on Jack . there 's no record of he at all . old rose no , there would not be , would there ? and I have never speak of he until now , not to anyone . ( to lizzy ) not even you grandfather . a woman 's heart be a deep ocean of secret . but now you all know there be a man name Jack Dawson , and that he save I , in every way that a person can be save . ( close she eye ) I do not even have a picture of he . he exist now only in my memory . CUT to : 304 omitted 305 ext . ocean floor / titanic wreck the mir submersible make they last pass over the ship . we hear yuri the pilot on the uqc : yuri mir one return to surface . the sub rise off the deck of the wreck , take its light with it , leave the Titanic once again it its fine and private darkness . CUT to : 306 ext . keldysh deck a desultory wrap party for the expedition be in progress . there be music and some of the ( co -ed ) Russian crew be dance . bodine be get drunk in the aggressive style of Baker joughin . lovett stand at the rail , look down into the black water . lizzy come to he , offer he a beer . she put she hand on he arm . lizzy I be sorry . lovett we be pissin ' in the wind the whole time . lovett notice a figure move through the light far down at the stern of the ship . lovett oh shit . CUT to : 307 ext . keldysh stern deck Rose walk through the shadow of the deck machinery . her nightgown blow in the wind . her foot be bare . her hand be clutch at she chest , almost as if she be praying . on lovett and lizzy run down the stair from the top deck , haul ass . rose reach the sern rail . her gnarled finger wrap over the rail . her ancient foot step up on the gunwale . she push herself up , lean forward . over she shoulder , we see the black water glint far below . lovett and lizzy run up behind she . lizzy grandma , wait !! do not -- rose turn she head , look at they . she turn further , and we see she have something in she hand , something she be about to drop overboard . it be the " heart of the Ocean " . lovett see he holy grail in she hand and he eye go wide . Rose keep it over the railing where she can drop it anytime . rose do not come any closer . lovett you have it the entire time ?! flash CUT to : a silent image of young rose walk away from pier 54 . the photographer ' flash go off like a battle behind she . she have she hand in she pocket . she stop , feel something , and pull out the necklace . she stare at it in amazement . back on keldysh , Rose smile at Brock 's incomprehension . rose the hardest part about be so poor , be be so rich . but every time I though of sell it , I though of Cal . and somehow I always get by without he help . she hold it out over the water . bodine and a couple of the other guy come up behind lovett , reacting to what be in Rose 's hand . bodine Holy shit . lovett do not drop it Rose . bodine ( a fierce whisper ) rush she . lovett ( to bodine ) it 's hers , you schmuck . ( to she ) look , Rose , I ... I do not know what to say to a woman who try to jump off the Titanic when it 's not sink , and jump back onto it when it be ... we be not deal with logic here , I know that ... but please ... think about this a second . rose I have . I come all the way here so this could go back where it belong . the massive diamond glitter . Brock edge closer and hold out he hand ... lovett just let I hold it in my hand , Rose . please . just once . he come closer to she . it be reminiscent of Jack slowly move up to she at the stern of Titanic . surprisingly , she calmly place the massice stone in the palm of he hand , while still hold onto the necklace . lovett gaze at the object of he quest . a infinity of cold scalpel glint in its blue depth . it be mesmerize . it fit in he hand just like he imagine . lovett my god. his grip tighten on the diamond . he look up , meeting she gaze . her eye be suddenly infinitely wise and deep . rose you look for treasure in the wrong place , Mr. lovett . only life be priceless , and make each day count . his finger relax . he open they slowly . gently she slip the diamond out of he hand . he feel it slide away . then , with a impish little grin , Rose toss the necklace over the rail . lovett give a strangle cry and rush to the rail in time to see it hit the water and disappear forever . bodine aww !! that really suck , lady ! Brock lovett go through ten change before he settles on a reaction ... he laugh . he laugh until the tear come to he eye . then he turn to lizzy . lovett would you like to dance ? lizzy grin at he and nod . Rose smile . she look up at the star . 308 in the black heart of the ocean , the diamond sink , twinkle end over end , into the infinate depth . CUT to : 309 int . rose's cabin / keldysh a graceful pan across Rose 's shelf of carefully arrange picture : Rose as a young actress in California , radiant ... a theatrically light studio publicity shot ... Rose and she husband , with they two child ... Rose with she son at he college graduation ... Rose with she child and grandchild at she 70th birthday . a collage of image of a life live well . the pan stop on a image fill frame . Rose , circa 1920 . she be at the beach , sit on a horse at the surfline . the Santa monica pier , with its rollercoaster be behind she . she be grin , full of life . we pan off the last picture to Rose herself , warm in she bunk . a profile shot . she be very still . she could be sleep , or maybe something else . CUT to : blackness 310 the wreck of titanic loom like a ghost out of the dark . it be light by a kind of moonlight , a light of the mind . we pass over the endless forecastle deck to the superstructure , move faster than sub can move ... almost like we be fly . we go inside , and the echoing sound of distant waltz music be hear . the rust fade away from the wall of the dark corridor and it be transformed ... we emerge onto the grand staircase , light by glow chandelier . the music be vibrant now , and the room be populate by man in tie and tail , woman in gowns . it be exquisitely beautiful . in Pov we sweep down the staircase . the crowd of beautiful gentlmen and lady turn as we descend toward they . at the bottom a man stand with he back to we ... he turn and it be Jack . smiling he hold he hand out toward we . in a side angle Rose go into he arm , a girl of 17 . the passenger , officer and crew of the rms Titanic smile and applaud in the utter silence of the abyss . fade out the end