tmnt written by Kevin munroe created by Kevin eastman &amp ; Peter Laird first draft Polish August 5 , 2005 fade in : ext . STAR -filled sky - night 1 Studio logo transition into a constellation in space . cam pull back , as more star enter frame , form a starfield . splinter ( v.o. ) a sensei once counsel a grief - stricken boy , as he older brother 3 prepare to leave for battle . N star - begin to see a dozen or so star , almost form a zig - zag line . cam continue to adjust . splinter ( v.o . ) . he say , " child , why do you cry ? you be both part of a family . and a family be a bond that can not be break by war . by strife . by force or neglect . N star - cam slow its truck - out to a gradual stop as we see the pattern beginning to form . as if follow the star ' pattern , the cam lower as we find ourselves go into - S 2 2 ext . south american jungle - continuous plinter ( v.o. ) and more importantly , you be brother . and brother you shall remain , despite time ... argument ... o lower - frame the top of jungle , moonlit and surround by mist . a mountain range peak over the horizon . splinter .. and even ... distance . super title : some stinking jungle in south america cam rest atop a old church roof . the peaceful scene be suddenly stop by a machine gun burst ! cam crane over the o roof revealing - 3 ext . jungle village - continuous a relatively modern village ... for a remote jungle . Dawn be just barely beginning to break . the morning mist persist as we see four federale with machine gun surround a group of villager . o N ground - a woman villager be throw down . her son , 8 , run 1 to she side . she 's mad . her son cry . 2 . woman villager you monster ! up angle - as we see the three federale , greasy man , hold AK - 47' , and look down with harden indifference . os , we hear a evil chuckle . the man part as we see - - col . pantera . a bottom-heavy disgusting pig of a man walk up between they . pantera lean down , face to face with she . pantera we appreciate the generous donation for the continue protection of you village . angle on - they jeep , overflow with the Village 's precious crop . wider - a tiny group ( 10 ) of other villager stand at a safe distance . the woman 's husband run forward . he immediately lunge at pantera , just as - - shika - shika - pantera be flanke by 3 machine gun point at the husband 's chest . pantera slothfully grin . he lean forward and yank a heirloom necklace from she neck . pantera after all , the jungle can be a very dangerous place . bah -hahahaha . they jump into the Jeep and tear into the jungle laughing . ext . jungle road - moment later 4 4 the jeep clamor down the bumpy makeshift path . pantera sit in the passenger seat as the other be cramme in around the food . the jungle loom ominous around they . h igh angle - as we watch the jeep from the jungle ceiling high above ... as if from someone 's Pov . on driver - he suddenly react to a fall tree on the road ahead . slam on the brake . pantera be throw around . pantera idiota ! watch where you be go ! driver solider there 's a log on the road , senor . ( quietly to himself ) ... that be not there a hour ago . pantera well , what be you wait for ?! remove it ! ( to soldier behind ) cortez ! andelay ! B J 3. cortez leap out . grab the winch from the front of the jeep and pull it to the log , roughly 15 foot away . eep Pov - pantera and Driver barely notice the out -of-focus bg cortez get suddenly yanked out of scene ! cortez ( o.s. ) ... yirk ! on driver - his eye go wide . try to see in the dark . driver solider ( softly , nervous ) d-d-dios mio . on log - cortez be go . pantera wake up . pantera what ?! what be it ?! os - hear the sound of a chain clinking . then whooshing as the chain winch suddenly fly in , and crack the burly soldier across the jaw ! it wrap itself around he neck . before he can react ... - yoink ! he get pull over the hood of the jeep , landing on the ground hard . urly soldier oof ! burly get pull backward ... away from the Jeep and into ... the darkness . he scream the entire way , claw the ground . on jeep - Driver be freaking out now . last soldier be in the back . pantera stand up in the jeep . " last " jump out and ready he machine gun . pantera ( to jungle ) who be you ?! show yourself !! driver solider ( whisper ) ... the ghost of the jungle . pantera what ?! driver soldier ( shaking / nervous ) the jungle god that punish that who prey upon the weak . ( look scared to pantera ) he 's come ... for we . o p I 4. os noise - suddenly hear the whoosh of 4 quick punch , kick , a short machine gun burst and a whump . pantera and Driver look to the ground . on ground - last soldier lay beat on the jungle floor . driver solider I be sorry , senor . Driver bound out of the Jeep and run scream into the jungle . cam pull back with he as pantera shrink in bg . pantera coward !! get back here !! something suddenly skitter behind pantera ! he turn to look . nothing . he reach down and pull up ... a machete . pantera show yourself ! do you realize who you're dealing with ?! on pantera - he circle back against the jungle wall , try to find he . tense . suddenly - -a pair of white eye open in the blackness behind he ! n a quick series of shot we see pantera get the raw end of a flurry of fist and foot attack . his attacker be move way too fast for the camera to keep up . pantera fall back , panting heavily . panicked . he tear off into the dense jungle ! on pantera running through jungle - thick foliage . panicked . ext . jungle clearing - continuous 5 5 a oasis of calm , violate by this sweat , machete - clutching brute . he stumble , then stand in the middle . antera I be not afraid of a myth ! ( eye darting ) a i'm not afraid of a ghost ! ttacker ( o.s. ) actually ... it 's " turtle " , pal . pantera swing around . eye wide . N attacker - we pan up the thick green leg . muscular and strong . further up . arm to match . Rough skin . it wear a shorn hooded poncho . Inside be two white eye and gritt smile tooth . the poncho fall to the ground . 5 . on attacker - it 's LEONARDO ! beaten blue bandana blow in the breeze . total hero shot . he pull out a single katana sword , poise for battle . pantera 's back into a corner . pantera let 's see if a ghost can die , then . pantera scream and run to Leo and start swinging ! at the clash of sword and machete , we - smash CUT to : 6 6 ext . jungle village - moment later the Boy be still at the Village clear . suddenly - - the sound of the jeep begin to rumble in the distance ! the villager panic and scatter . vroom ! the Jeep fly out of the jungle and bounce - slow into the fg ! only there be no one drive it ... and it still have the steal food in it . and the steal medallion dangle from the rear view mirror . woman villager it 's a miracle ! the village rejoice . the Boy step aside for a beat , look back at the jungle . something catch he eye . ...a small crouch figure on a tree branch . barely silhouett . his white eye light in the darkness . one of they wink as the boy smile . B oy villager ( beam ... softly ) the ghost of the jungle . int . underground cavern - later 7 7 Leo leap into frame . he take out he katanas and lay they carefully on the ground . he kneel , head bow , eye close . LEONARDO my training be now complete . the camera lift away from Leo ... and then plunge into the nearby cavern . music begin to swell . cam travel a few foot until it dip to black , and come up beginning we - open credit sequence E T 6 . 8 8 int . miscellaneous sewer , oil and irrigation pipe the music be in full tilt as the camera travel through seemingly mile of underground pipe of all type and design . he camera come to the end of line . it rise up through 9 steam ... then through a metal grate , as we find ourselves in - ext . new york CITY STREET - night 9 a mouse - level shot of the spectacular city that never sleep . it 's oddly hypnotic . still. until ... - bam ! a pair of sneaker land barely in front of the camera , tear off into the distance . nypd # 1 ( o.s. ) freeeze ! stop or we'll shoot ! shoe belong to a panicked mugger , early 20' , as three nypd officer clamor after he . the mugger be a jackrabbit - hopping newspaper machine , roll under pass truck and do anything he can to avoid arrest . ventually the nypd peter out . the mugger look back . smile . mugger heh , heh ... sucker . on mugger - his eye suddenly go wide as - vrooooom ! - we see a jet-black tweak out motorcycle fly over the cop ' head , aim directly for mugger ! mugger whaaa !!! the mugger run , but can not escape . the Driver be dress in all - black motorcycle leather and black -visor helmet . scary and faceless . he quickly gain on the mugger and grab he by the collar in mid-stride ! mugger you crazy ?! put I down , man ! but Driver do not . instead , he hold he lower without stop the bike ... and proceed to plow mugger 's head into every trash can and garbage bin along 9th Avenue ! mugger ow ! hey ! what 're you -ow !! oof ! just as it look like he will hit a telephone pole ... Driver veer leave ! he drag the mugger into ... o a 7. 10 10 ext . dead end alleyway - continuous Driver toss he onto the ground at full speed . mugger slide down the alley and collide with a pile of garbage like he 's a human bowl ball . on head of alley - the Driver gun the bike and kick up a ton of dust and racket , peel donut at mouth of the alley . and then he stop . Dust slowly settles and smoke dissipate . mugger wh- wh - what kinda freak be you ?! the Driver get off the bike . silence . backlit by headlight . he walk directly to the mugger with purpose . mugger start to really freak out . Driver pick he up by the collar and slam he to the back wooden fence wall . mugger p-p-please . do not kill I , man . Driver just cock he head . mugger can see he own terrify reflection he Driver 's black visor . Driver reach behind he back and pull out a combat knife ! he reel back and ... mugger wh-wha-wha-what be you doi - aaagh ! W ham ! - Driver nail the dagger through the mugger 's jacket , pinning he to the wall . Driver turn around to gather the purse 's belonging at the mouth of the alley . fter he stop cring , the mugger wriggle the blade out of the wall . Driver do not notice as - thwip - ip - ip ! - he hurl the knife at the Driver ! thunk ! it stick in the driver' back ! N mugger - his grin eye suddenly go wide as Driver slowly turn around , unhurt ! the mugger be trap as Driver move toward he ... and a bolo chain drop to he side . on wall shadow - as we see a flurry of punch , kick and throw as Driver lay a beat on the criminal who need to be teach a lesson . a os Police sire chirp . mouth of alley - the police suddenly show up , cherries flash . they run to fg , mouth drop . nypd # 1 ... whoa . nypd # 2 the nightwatcher . 8. on mugger - hung upside down by a chain . purse hang from he neck . he will live , but never commit another crime again ... 11 11 ext . new york CITY STREET - continuous close on a newsstand - headline read " woman mysteriously rescued from burning build " . " police seek man known as ` the nightwatcher ' for questioning " . " who be the nightwatcher ? " wider - a quieter area of the city . Broken by the squealing of the bike as Driver ( nightwatcher ) roar in to a stop . nightwatcher drive underneath a train bridge . he take off he helmet . Red cloth spill out . he turn around as we see - - RAPHAEL , the red -masked ninja turtle ! he reach back and pull out the knife from he shell . look at it , shaking he head and grin . he sheathes it . R aphael heh , heh . Nice try , chump . quick shot - ignites and revs engine . strap helmet back on . headlight come to life . let the clutch out . vroooom ! - cam start tight on bike as raphael tear away . michaelangelo ( o.s. ) dude ... I be scared ! CUT to : close on - a pair of turtle eye ... michaelangelo be ! they be wide with fear . nervously darting around , unable to keep up with the surround danger . michaelangelo dude ! they be all around I ! what do I do ? what do I do ?! mikey 's eye continue to panic . donatello 's voice come in over a radio . calm . donatello ( o.s. ) just relax , mikey . remember you training . you will be fine . michaelangelo but I need back up this time , man ! back up ! donatello ( o.s . ) ( sigh ) ... you be such a prima donna . 9 . cam pull back to reveal we 're in - 12 12 int . uptown apartment - afternoon the cam pull out of a large mascot head - look like a big goofy turtle head with googly eye and dumb smile . wider we see a fake zipper spirit-glue onto mikey 's plastron . in he hand , he hold two nerf-style nunchuck . michaelangelo ( from inside mascot head ) okay - waita-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa !! suddenly ten kide with birthday hat and foam nunchuck run in scream and start beat on mikey ... a little too hard . scream kide get he ! yeah ! you suck ! hey ! awright ! take that , turtle -dork ! michaelangelo oh - whoa ! ow ! yeow-ow-ow ! watch it !! hey ! not below the - oooff !! ow !! end wider with the kid all walk away from mikey , now on the floor double over from the " play " . a beat , then - - one more kid run back and kick mikey . little girl keeeeya ! ( turn and walk back ) this be the best birthday ever , mommy ! mikey groans as we - dissolve to : 13 13 ext . uptown apartment - sunset / later beautiful downtown autumnal street . park in front , we see the " cowabunga carl " party van loudly decorate in kid - friendly color with a embarrassing and low- tech look turtle head on top . push in on upstairs apartment window . S occer mom ( o.s. ) thanks so much . you be worth every penny . I have to tell all my friend about you . you will love they kid too . 10 . 14 14 int . uptown apartment - continuous mascot mikey be stand at the door , hold a fistful of cash , still in full costume . michaelangelo I can only hope they be as lovely as the rugrat you get here . on kide - they look tough , brandish they nerf weapon - a toddler street gang . one of the kid do a finger- point - then - throat - slit gesture . the mom look and beam . the kid quickly smile to cover . michaelangelo ( through gritt tooth ) such ... angel . mikey look to the side , and see the still pile -high stack of pizza box through the fake head Pov . soccer mom okay ! everyone say good - bye to cowabunga Carl ! bye ! michaelangelo ( put - on voice ) hyuk ! cowabunga dude ! bye ! kide bye !!!!!! on door - as the door close and Mom turn back , a green hand reach in quickly a grab a box of pizza . the door close . michaelangelo ( o.s. ) heheh ... score . CUT to : ext . uptown apartment - moment later 15 15 mikey open the van 's rear door . he pull off the fake zipper on he chest and then pull off he fake turtle head . his trademark orange bandana spill out . he turn , breathe in the fresh surface air . a quiet beat until - a police siren approach , faint , in the distance . mikey jump in the van , slam the door shut as the car whizze by . wider - the van take off down the street . 11 . donatello ( o.s. ) hey , hey , hey ... do not forget the face thing . 16 16 ext . new york CITY street - later close on - a regular motorist sit in he car at a traffic light . Don monitor from a small dashboard cam . man look os left. react . off he look - we see mikey beside he in the van . he 's behind the wheel - face frozen in a goofy smile like a ventriloquist to " hide " he identity . Don follow on a small surveillance cam under the rearview mirror . michaelangelo yes ... sir . donatello ( o.s. ) that 's a good boy . michaelangelo all 's I be say donnie be that no one would notice if you do one of this gig every now and again . donatello ( o.s. ) but you add such ... panache to the character . mikey , emotional , pop into " fully animated " facial mode . he rub he sore neck . michaelangelo well , if panache be french for " punch bag " , I would have to agree with ya . int . turtle lair - monitor room - continuous 17 17 a darken room light only by the light of dozen of tv 's , monitor and tv tube . cable run everywhere . in front of they be donatello - we resident tech -head turtle . donatello Close enough . I - uh- oh - on monitor - Don watch mikey through a traffic cam in front of the van . Don be jack into every major security and surveillance camera in the city . ext . new york CITY street - continuous 18 18 donatello ( o.s. ) - you get a peeping tom . m 12 . on car - the man be still look - only now really freak out - at the fully animated mikey head . michaelangelo aw nut . mikey suddenly grip he face back into a tight smile , freeze . he look over and wave at the man who confusingly wave back . michaelangelo ( ventriloquist style ) just get I outta here , dude . on don - he hit some switch . monitor change . donatello traffic 's clear eastbound for two block . then hook up with route J. back with mikey - he 's still wave with a freeze smile . ichaelangelo ( ventriloquist style ) righteous . mikey immediately " unfreeze " and stick he tongue out and antic at the man ! before the man can react , mikey tear out and zip across traffic down a desert side -street . ... as we notice the annoying ice cream style music tinkering m along with he gain speed . ichaelangelo ( o.s. ) you have to install the music too ... donatello ( o.s. ) all part of the cover , my friend . CUT to : ext . hidden alleyway - evening 19 19 the van park in a long - forget alleyway . a dummy gate close behind it , obscure it from view . under the van - we see it 's park over a manhole cover . it slowly slide shut . int . sewer - continuous 20 20 the drip concrete and metal maze explode with the cacophony of mikey riding he skateboard , backpack in tow . michaelangelo yeeeeehaaaaaawwww !! 13 . but this be not just any half - pipe - it test all of mikey 's skill in ninjitsu , extreme sport and cross-train . he jump on and off the board to occasionally tackle obstacle with all four limb . a fun rock and roll sequence . feel like mikey be mile away from the surface world when he arrive at a seemingly dead end . he smile as he reveal a brick dummy wall that bring he to ... int . turtle lair - continuous 21 21 mikey land in the " foyer " of sort . atop entrance stair . he kick the double door open . michaelangelo honeeeeey ! I be hooome ! as mikey slide down the banister , the cam dolly around I behind he revealing the lair . breathtake to fresh eye . t have a wonderful live - in feel - they be not squatter ... they have make this they home . Furniture be jury-rigged and the place be custom light to provide the right kind of atmosphere . if we look behind the surface detail , we would see a mesh of wire and circuitry power the entire lair . donatello run up to mikey . mikey robotically hand he the wad of money from the party . donatello moneymoneymoneymoney . as donnie walk away , mikey loudly clear he throat . Don stop as mikey hold out he hand . Don 's bust - he peel off a few bill and hand mikey he share . michaelangelo domo arigato , dude . mikey walk into the room and plop down on a sofa . Hit a remote as a big screen light up in front of he . suddenly - splinter ( o.s . ) michaelangelo ! mikey spring from the couch . snap to obedience . michaelangelo yes , sensei . angle on - splinter the japanese rodent master and father of the tmnt . he be well - kempt , still walk with a cane , and have the same sparkle in he eye . he approach mikey . Silent . splinter ( a beat ) well ? p 14 . michaelangelo sensei ? ( think , then realize ) oh ! here ya go , master splinter . mikey reach into he bag and remove a foil - wrap piece of birthday cake . splinter light up . splinter ahh ! butter creme frosting ! donatello walk to splinter . hold he hand out , judgmental . donatello master . no cake . you remember you last cholesterol test . splinter but I - ( change attitude ) - donatello ! I be you master ! donatello Nice try , sensei . but you can still be my master ... with low cholesterol . splinter surrender the cake . as Don walk away , michaelangelo reach into he bag and secretly pass splinter a smaller wrap piece . splinter he-heh . you have do well , my son . donatello walk to the fridge and open it - filled with dozen of other piece of birthday cake leftover . he toss it with the rest . C UT to : ext . rooftop - sunset 22 22 the street noise below be barely audible . camera creep along the edge of the building , reach a row of gargoyle . a along gargoyle - still . concrete . creepy . just as we pass the fourth , we barely notice it 's white eye open . quick SNAP back to gargoyle - only now it 's go . something strange be come to town ... CUT to : 15 . 23 23 ext . new jersey harbor - sunset large freighter . lot of activity . push in on a steamer as a crane lower a large vertical crate to the dock - it thump down hard . april ( o.s. ) careful ! that be not some box full of fish ! cam lower - as april o'neil leap down into frame . dress in jungle expedition gear with she head wrap in a bandana . she take off she sunglass and admire the crate . on BOX - label " o'neil cargo " . something ominous about the crate . push in on it as April step in front . admire it with pride . turn , take out a cell phone , and hit speed dial . on phone display - " Calling home " . it ring . april ( impatient mutter ) where be you ? int . april and casey' loft apartment - continuous 24 24 a spacious NYC loft - ton of bookcase work as room divider . pile with artifact , unopen crate of all size , box of map , and a general organize mess . a hockey game blare from a tv set . cam pan across room - the telephone continue to ring just as we reach the kitchen - with pile of dirty dish and fast food . and then a path of strewn clothes that get messier and messier until we reach - - casey jone , snore on a sofa . he finally wake up , clamor for the phone , trip over mess in the process . C asey ( groggy ) talk to I . april hey . it 's I . I be back . casey rub he face , try to orient himself . look at watch . casey be that today , babe ? April 's disappointed . same old casey . o 16 . april yes . it be today that I return to you after be in a deadly jungle for almost a month . ( beat ) I think you be go to meet I down here ? casey I be sorry , babe . I must have - april forget it . I will take a cab . a long pause on the phone . casey know he 's bust . casey I miss you ? April do not answer . she close the phone . casey slump in he chair , shaking he head . casey good goin ' , case . back at the dock , April be back to business . april howie ! get this on the truck for delivery ! let 's go ! p.o.v. inside BOX - see April through the wood slat . we would swear we almost hear ... low growling . CUT to : int . mikey' bedroom - later 25 25 mikey be on he bed . his thumb pound away at a video game on tv - bored . he put down the controller and yell to the ceiling . michaelangelo i'm ! bore !!!!! he stand up and walk to don's room . he open it . it take only one foot until the door be push up against pile of tech junk . mikey use he shoulder and push it open . N don - he 's hunch over a work table , back to mikey . tinker as always . Wild invention line the wall , some finish , some not . some pay tribute to past tmnt adventure . michaelangelo Don , y'ever feel like you be mean for more ? to do more ? like , I mean , sometimes I feel like ... ( more ) D 17 . michaelangelo ( cont would ) like we never really leave that glass turtle bowl when we be little dude . reverse angle - Don lift he head up , eye magnified in some bizarre head contraption . he flip up side panel , electronica music blare out . onatello oh , hi mikey . you say something ? michaelangelo ( sigh - to himself ) every day it 's the same thing . wake up . birthday party gig . drive home . watch tv. train ... rinse . repeat . donatello I know . be not it great ? a beat . mikey sigh , then walk back downstairs to the live room sofa . he and the camera think he 's alone , but before he know it , splinter be sit next to he , cross legge , still , and sip tea . michaelangelo wah !! splinter michaelangelo . boredom be never a indicator of you surroundings . it be a reflection of you inner heart . fill yourself with excitement on the inside ... and you will live the most reward life of all . mikey stare at splinter , dead pan . a beat . then return to flipping channel . he stop on a news program - " NYC dirt " . NYC dirt reporter ( o.s. ) and so yet again , police official be baffle at a crime of retribution that can only be attribute to the mysterious figure m know as " the nightwatcher " . ikey light up . on tv be a flashy well - coif , know - nothing reporter . beside he be a news photo of the tie up mugger from we second scene . NYC dirt reporter this be the latest in a string of vigilante act that have be plague the city for the past year . ( more ) S 18 . NYC dirt reporter ( cont would ) although the victim have be criminal themselves , the nightwatcher 's action have be identify as destructive and overly -violent ... verge on the edge of lethal . on mikey - can not smile wide enough . he run to he room , return with a polaroid camera . he snap a picture of the tv . he pull it out , place it in he nightwatcher scrapbook , overflow with paper clipping and article on the vigilante . michaelangelo now that be what I be talk about ! cruise the street , busting that who hold themselves above the law . ( movie announcer voice ) but they be not above he . Don walk in , hold a in - process invention . he look up . donatello mikey , the man 's practically a criminal himself . anyone who operate without boundary or rule of law cannot be legislate and need to be reign in . RAPHAEL ( o.s. ) sound like four turtles I use to know . on door - raphael walk in , he nightwatcher costume no where in sight . RAPHAEL whatta we talkin ' about , boy ? soundin ' a little too egghead fer my taste . plinter ah , raphael . you brother and I be just discuss the vigilante nightwatcher once again . ( beat - concerned ) where have you be ? you have be spend so much time away from home lately ... raphael 's on edge from the mention of nightwatcher already . his attention do not break from donatello . RAPHAEL I join a book a' the month club . ( to donnie ) so just what 's you beef with puttin ' dirtbag behind bar , donnie ? go ahead ... enlighten I . R R 19 . splinter watch the grow tension with concern . donatello I have no problem with the incarceration of that who deserve it , but if someone like nightwatcher have ultimate power ... then who make sure he do not cross the line ? mikey pick up two ninja blade ring , twirling they around aggressively in mock battle . michaelangelo I think he 's cool . donatello of course you would . michaelangelo ( in bg , oblivious ) keeya ! hatchaaaaaa !! RAPHAEL sometimes there be line that even the police can not cross . someone have to be willing to do what need to be do . and to do that , fear become a weapon . donatello you be such a neanderthal . raphael do the bully fake lunge at Don . Don react quick and startle , eye wide . aphael I rest my case . S plinter ( scolding ) raphael ! if bully be the only way to argue you point , then perhaps you do not have much of a point to begin with . aphael ( gritt tooth ) yes , sensei . ( to mikey ) and quit touchin ' my stuff . raph yank the Ring blade out of mikey 's hand and storm out of the room by flipping up a series of cable to the second floor . 20 . donatello ( too-late-retort to raph ) that be just a startle response and be not really a indication of fear ! raph do the " blah blah " hand gesture from above . enter he room , slam the door and immediately blast music ... ... and it 's some annoying pop hip - hop song . RAPHAEL ( o.s. ) aaaargh ! and stop touching my stereo too , mikey !!! then heavy rock start play to drow out he family . a silence sit in the room as a CD fly out of raph 's room . tense in the room for a bit . Don look at the other two . donatello it 's a involuntary thing you body do when stimulate like that . ( no response ) what ? it 's true . CUT to : ext . harbor - night 26 26 a large jet liner fly into the city . lower . the wheel fold out under the carriage . closer - leo be on the landing gear , he face light up by the city glow in front of he . he jump off as - foomp ! - a hang - glider open up from he backpack . he lower the glider to the water and release ! int . sewer pipe - moment later 27 27 disgusting . dripping . out of the slime , Leo rise . a beat ... inhale , then smile wide . LEONARDO mmm ... home sweet home . int . turtle lair - night 28 28 all be peaceful in the lair . the big screen tv be the only light source . mikey snore and drool on the couch , cover in junk food wrapper . donnie sleep with a " tech head " magazine over he face ... gadget - in- process in he lap . on entrance - Leo walk in and place he bag on the floor . the place feel different ... but still feel like home . S 21 . he tiptoe with ninjitsu precision across the floor , avoid the potential noise - make mess below he . he sneak to - int . splinter be room - continuous 29 29 Leo peer in cautiously . splinter be still awake . expecting he . kneel on the floor . very serious . splinter enter . Leo walk in and kneel in front of splinter . LEONARDO I have complete my training , master . I be prepare for the next stage . splinter that you be , my son . you must now apply all that you have learn on you lengthy journey to you everyday life . that will be the most challenging training of all ... plinter reach out and hand Leonardo a ancient medallion . Leo be touch . close on shadow outside of room - we see a pair of eye , watch the entire scene ... jealous . splinter I have miss you , Leonardo . L eo hug splinter . LEONARDO I have miss you too , father . splinter I be afraid much have change in you brother ' spirit since you have leave . but now that you be home , they will finally have the ethical and warrior leadership they have be lack . the family need you . on leo - he swallow that big pill very hard . LEONARDO heh. yeah ... I mean , yes sensei . splinter ( to doorway ) raphael , you brother be home . ( 22. on outside of room - raphael walk out of the shadow . he 's good ... but not too good for splinter . splinter and Leo break and face the doorway . a awkward silence . LEONARDO hey . RAPHAEL hey . raphael eye Leo ... and then the medallion . RAPHAEL so ... congratulation . LEONARDO thanks . RAPHAEL ( awkward beat / fake yawn ) well , I be goin ' to bed . he leave . tv room - raph walk through the room , cuff Don on the back of the head , and keep on walk . RAPHAEL Leo 's home . donatello wake up , look around . light up when he see Leo . donatello Leo !! on mikey - he wake up . a cheese doodle stick to he upper snout . really groggy . michaelangelo but I do not wanna pop out of the birthday cake , Mrs. ro- ( snap out of it ) leooooo !!! mikey flip past donnie and slam Leo with a grip hug ... and do not let go . LEONARDO hey little bro ! a beat ) mikey ? you can let go now ... um , mikey ? michaelangelo ( muttering ) so bored ... so bored ... W o 23. cam lower into floor as we ... fade to black ver black - Quick burst of audio violence . steel , scream , trample , and rumbling . then - - with each audio burst , we now see a visual burst . strong , rim -lit , iconic image of a immense battle - a slice blade weapon , scream mouth , angry eye . then - -a monster claw ! gnash tooth ! scare eye ! horn and tusk ! the edit get intense , until - winter aaaaaaaaaaaagggh !!! int . winter bedroom - dawn 30 30 it be all a nightmare . we go wider as we take in the ostentatious bedroom of maximilian winter , a young mid - 40' . famous NYC entrepreneur . inter be large , handsome , build and powerful in every sense . his bedroom reflect it as well - large simple shape , decorate with a modern - day tribal / tech appeal . this guy be fill with adrenaline , power and machismo . W inter assistant ( o.s. ) Mr. winter , sir . on doorway - stand there be a beautiful black - haire assistant dress in full suit and tie with a clipboard . winter assistant it 's time for you morning workout . int . winter workout room 31 31 rock / hip -hop music crash in as we see winter ' morning workout - a combination of weaponry work ( martial art and other ) , floor routine and bag work . he take it all very seriously . sequence end with he smash the top off of a mook jung training block with he bare fist . he walk out of the room , grab a towel from a blonde assistant . int . winter office - later 32 32 winter walk in he crisp suit . his office be large and austere . two level of history in book , artifact , warrior theme curio and power . W - 24 . winter assistant ( o.s. ) Mr. winter , sir ? on door - his Assistant stand at the large door . winter assistant the board be wait . winter excellent . he walk to the large bay window that overlook the city . ext . winter office 33 33 now outside the window , he smile at the view . winter tell they I be on my way down . he slowly lower out of frame . cam pull out wider revealing - winter Office be a " elevator " of sort that can ride up and down the front of the building , allow he access to any floor of he Tower without leave he desk . wider - see the Tower be a monolith in the middle of Manhattan - complete with it 's own front Central Park -ish gated entry . a true work of modern architecture . wipe to : int . winter lobby - day 34 34 we see the wonder of everything winter - mixing of old artifact with modern day aesthetic and implementation . the ceiling be vast and there be no mistake the worth of the man and he company . W inter ' Elevator Office lower into a balcony level building oversee the main lobby . he walk down a stairwell and through the lobby , five assistant follow he . int . boardroom - continuous 35 35 winter walk in the room . close on he as he stop at the head of the boardroom table . inter gentlemen ! let 's begin . T 25 . cam pull back along the impossibly long table as dozen of board member stand up . when it reach the end , it look as though winter stand at the head of a army at attention . CUT to : 36 36 int . turtle lair - afternoon Leo walk along the upper floor of they lair . as he pass mikey 's room , he brother pop out with he skateboard . we follow they as they walk down to the tv area . michaelangelo Leo ... what 's up , bro ? LEONARDO just enjoy be home . hey walk past donnie 's chop shop room as - boom ! - something explode and smoke pour out under he door . donatello ( o.s . ) nobody panic ! I have it all under control ! mikey and Leo cough , leave the smokey area . LEONARDO say , what 's up with April and casey ? I expect they to drop by after I get back . michaelangelo we do not see much of `em anymore . April seem to be work a lot - eww - and casey seem to be , I dunno , " different " lately . maybe he do not like have to put the toilet seat down now that they have move in together . LEONARDO they be live together now ? they get to the live room area . mikey walk to the edge of a jury - rig half - pipe he build in a old water slough . mikey continue as he skate back and forth . michaelangelo to be honest with ya , they be kinda buzzkills to be around . LEONARDO be casey at least still do he hockey mask thing ? k 26 . michaelangelo dunno . have not notice since the nightwatcher have come home to roost . woooohoooooooo ! LEONARDO " nightwatcher " ? that some new comic book you be hook on , mikey ? RAPHAEL walk in . pick up mikey 's scrapbook as he pass the sofa and slug it in Leo 's chest . RAPHAEL this should explain most of it . the legacy of the city 's newest hero . compliment of the fanboy over there . m ichaelangelo joke all you want , raphy . but train hard and eat you veggy and one day , you too can be as cool as the nightwatcher , dude . RAPHAEL I can only hope , mikey . I can only hope ... Leo disapprovingly flip through the book . LEONARDO this guy could bring heat on all of we if he keep this up . showboat be not a replacement for justice ... it 's just self - indulgence . ( look back at book ) someone need to talk to this thug . on raph - he look ... die to say something . but can not . CUT to : ext . april and casey' loft - afternoon 37 37 close on - a familiar- look white hockey mask . eye blink behind it . id 1 yo , case ? wanna be goalie ? the mask be push aside by casey - kid 1 be hold it . casey Nah , you know I work for a livin ' . it 's Star Center or nothin ' else . C 27 . wider - casey be with 5 other kide prepping for a game of STREET hockey , use tennis ball and trash can . chubbier kid 2 walk by and grab the mask himself . kid 2 whatever ! let 's get it on ! they begin a boisterous round of hockey . trash talk , gentle check and all the requisite boy thing . we see that the kid love casey . and vice versa . suddenly - brooklyn mom ( o.s . ) tommy !! it's time for dinner ! tommy ( kid 1 ) but ma ! we just start ! brooklyn mom ( snap back ) thomas ! Tommy 's defeat . look at the disappointed boy . tommy sorry dude . casey busted ! have fun with you mommy ... ( face fall , disappointed ) ...oh no . off he look - we see april , dress stun in a dark business suit at the other side of the street . she 's dangle a white shirt and a tie from she other hand . asey aw , c'mon April ! we just start ! April just give he " the look " with a eyebrow cock . casey know he can not win . kid 2 can not casey stay and play for just five more minute , miss o'neil ? pleeeeeeease ? april not today , nate . mister Jones have to pretend to be a adult for a few hour . kide awwwww ! man ! baaah ! casey hand he stick , then quickly turn with a grin . casey later boy ! 28 . cam follows April and casey as they walk down the street . April 's not really a hard - ass - she 's just force to be the " responsible one " in a the relationship . pril I need you help with a delivery . casey ( Arnold voice ) do you need my funtahstick muscle ? april ( unenthused ) heh-heh ... yeah . casey awkwardly place he arm over she shoulder as the cam rest and they walk into the distance . he pull it back down . cam angle on wall - as we notice claw mark slice into the concrete exterior of a building . CUT to : int . winter lobby - sunset 38 38 the door open in winter lobby . April strut in , own the place . casey struggle pull the pallet hold the large crate behind they . as she pass reception - receptionist Mr. winter . April o'neil be here . 39 39 int . winter office his darken office be especially alpha-male - big game hunt trophy adorn the wall , as do suit of armor from all time period and random strange artifact span history in glass case . winter sit at he large desk as the large door open and April and casey spill in . winter miss o'neil . you be a vision . thirty day in a jungle , and beautiful as ever . he shake she hand and double - cheek kiss she . casey 's eye widen - be this what he girlfriend do ? april hello Max . ( beat ) this be my ... friend , casey Jones . ( 29 . winter Chris ! how 's it go ? winter nearly crush casey 's hand in he grip . casey actually , it 's can - winter ( ignore , back to April ) so how be you trip ? april you know , the typical - corrupt government official , double cross by a jungle guide , all end in a heart - pound chase . winter and April chuckle . cam adjust to show casey between they in the bg , look uncomfortable and out of place . april but it be all worth it . beat - excited ) I find it . the fourth General . winter beam , way too excited as well . April hold out she hand to casey , who do not know what she want . he awkwardly high five she . casey yeah -ha ! the fourth General . april ( hushed gritt tooth ) the crow-bar . casey oh . he hand it to April as she twirl up a crow - bar and crack open the front panel . inside BOX Pov - the light gradually break in , until - creak - the front panel fall to the floor . close on - winter ' look . pure wonder and admiration . he walk up to it slowly . April and casey cautiously stay back . winter ( soft ) ... the god be praise . on BOX - we finally see the statue - general aguila - a seven - foot tower wall of granite and obsidian . Eagle warrior armor reflect a South american design ... though not from a specific time period . winter rub he hand over the stone . W 30 . april can I ask you a question ? winter ( not look away ) y es . of course . april I have be so grateful for the opportunity you have give I lately . I would probably be still sell antique curio if you have not visit my shop that day . ( off of box ) but I have to ask ... why the fascination with this particular work of art ? I would never even hear of the legend of yaotl until we meet . he look up . the cam pan right . it travel past a suit of armor in the fg . go to black . continue pan until we be in - 40 40 ext . flashback battlefield - 3000 year ago - the armor become the back of a helmet . camera dolly around the helmet until we be look at a dark and impose figure . yaotl . his helmet be impenetrable , with eye slit . note - the flashback be dark , shadow and monochrome . detail be hint at instead of show . very stylize . winter ( v.o . ) it be a time long before the mayan , April . Long before the aztecs and even the olmecs . it be a time of legend . a time of greatness . the true mother culture of Central America . cool shot of yaotl . his armor , he stance , etc . inter ( v.o. ) there be a man name yaotl . more a force of nature than man . and together with he four warrior - Priest Generals , they pillage every culture in they path . quick shot of each general . the walk along side yoatl . possibly slo-mo . we will come to recognize they through they distinct armor as the four Stone Generals - in human form . winter ( v.o. ) and for every culture they destroy , they drank in all the magic and knowledge know to they . ( more ) o 31 . winter ( cont would ) they become a warring hurricane , gather more power and knowledge with each conquest . group shot - of five Warrior . High atop a hillside , finally stop . ready for battle . they character - specific weapon be draw . around they be a small army of minion . winter ( v.o. ) then they come across a culture rich with science , magic and they own technology . a South american version of " atlantis " . ( beat ) it be like blood in the water for a predator like yaotl . close on - yaotl . as he raise he sword in the air . cam dolly around he head revealing they oppose force . a army of thousand . waving they weapon in the air . the oppose army charge . yaotl 's man pull out a large ornamental stand - a " stargate " of sort . yaotl and he man be unmove ... as they begin a ceremony . yaotl look to the heaven above - as we see a cluster of specific star move into place . winter ( v.o . ) as the army approach , yaotl use the knowledge they would gain in black magic and sorcery . timing they attack with the alignment of the star of kikin , they open a portal to another world . on charging army - they stop dead in they track . front-lit by the os portal . do not know what to expect - on portal - a crackle electric circle open to another dimension . suddenly - dozen of monster explode out ! creature of all variety . gnash fang . swipe claw . winter ( v.o. ) they unleash a army of monster . N battlefield - man get slaughter ( in a nice pg sort of way ) . Quick shot . intense . winter ( v.o . ) the monster know no side - they destroy the enemy ... as well as yaotl 's own army . Men who swore to spill they blood for he cause . yaotl have to do something to stop more from come through . W inter smashes the portal , stop the slew of monster from pour out . end on a scream . dissolve to later in the battle ... a W ( ( 32 . desolate , destroy battlefield . smolder . body everywhere . no monster . end pan on yaotl on he knee . winter ( v.o . ) in the end , there be no victor . and they be responsible for the eradication of the great culture that will never be know . the knowledge that be lose would never be find again ... dissolve back to present day in winter ' office casey have fall asleep , sit to the side , head in he hand . a line of drool hang from he mouth . April be fascinate by the story . she nudge casey who do the slurp / half - snore wake up . C asey ( " wake up " fast speak ) I be just rest my eye ... april quite the story , Max . concerned be : statue ) you do not think that this could be - winter oh no , miss o'neil . look back to statue ) like you say ... just a story . inter do not break he stare . winter one of the girl will pay you fee on the way out . pril thanks . um ... goodbye ... max. April and casey leave winter , consume with he new treasure . he do not reply . int . winter lobby - moment later 41 41 April and casey walk the lobby . she shoot he " the look " . casey what !? it be a boring story ! april that be so perfectly casey jone . I give you opportunity . I give you the chance to become a better man . and what do you do with it ? ( more ) W 33 . april ( cont would ) ( beat ) you fall asleep ! casey stop next to a podium hold a priceless - look vase . as he speak , he gesture very animatedly and dangerously close to the vase . casey well , maybe if you be home for more than four day at a time , you would see that I don't want any of this ! april ( see danger of vase ) casey , you better be careful - casey here I be nice enough to help you out , dress in this get - up and all I get be grief ?! ... as he knock and smashes the vase to the floor . casey oh boy . klaxon sound as shink - shink - shink - metal plate slam down over the glass entry . completely enclose the front lobby . room be now emergency light red . April rub she temple . april give I strength . CUT to : int . winter office 42 42 winter be still alone in he office . still study the statue . a beat . he turn he head to the side . winter you can come out now . ider - as we see four figure appear out of the smallest and darkest of shadow ! the leader slink forward - clearly a S woman - dress in cloak and japanese noh mask over she face . he take it off , revealing karai - the beautiful leader of the japanese Foot clan , flanke by three , foot ninjas . winter you talent be commendable . karai as be yours . most do not notice we until we decide they will . 34 . winter well , I guess I be just special that way . winter walk over to he desk . the statue loom behind they . winter so down to business - aside from the other reason for you visit to America , be you interested in my offer we discuss ? karai I must confess ... I still do not know exactly what we be to do for you . winter I need the finely - tune eye and stealth of you Foot ninja to ... monitor the city for I over the next few day . winter walk to he window . it 's night . overlook the city . winter just keep you eye peel for anything ... strange . karai ( long beat ) what kind of strange thing ? the question hang as we push in on statue 's face ... he eerie eye . we think he eye glow , only we - match CUT to : ext . STAR -filled sky - night 43 43 the glow eye be really a STAR . the same line pattern we see at movie 's open . the star adjust ... lining up in a more straight - line manner . cam lower , place we back in - ext . new york CITY street - night 44 44 a man walk down the sidewalk . as he pass a darkened alleyway , he hear a low growl come from it . he stop . alley Pov - as the man look in . can not see a thing . Hand -held cam . he move to leave ... and the growl come again . STREET - man stare in . no one on the street . look closer ... closer ... grow more tense as ... 35 . ... wham ! the requisite cat jump out of the shadow . scare man half to death . man waaaaaaaaaahhh !!!! ( calm down ) gave I a scare kitty . he pet the kitty a bit , then walk off . cam lower behind cat , as man walk off into the distance . until ... ... wham ! a large burly clawe arm slam out of the shadow onto the cat , yanking it back into the alley ! Quick caterwaul . silence . and then we hear a burp . C am lower further through the asphalt , then quickly hook up with a air duct pipe . Zip faster and faster until we be in - 45 45 int . turtle lair - training dojo Leo feverishly work out . he stop , look up , panting . LEONARDO ( o.s. ) do anybody train anymore ?! michaelangelo ( o.s. ) just a sec , dude ! I be almost at level eighteen . ( os video game explosion ) scratch that ... seventeen . LEONARDO donnay ! donatello ( o.s. ) in ... uh ... a few minute , Leo . I be in the middle of - kzzzt - booom ! - a os invention blow up . donatello ( o.s. ) um ... make that another hour . Leo sigh . splinter walk by , not stop . splinter a true leader know how to motivate he troops regardless of they own motivation . splinter walk past a large fuse BOX . Leo think a beat . then smile . wide shot of lair MAIN room as - kachunk ! - the entire room go black . 36 . turtle ( o.s. ) aw man ! what 's goin ' on ?! who turned out the light !? LEONARDO ( o.s. ) ninja tag , topside ! CUT to : 46 46 int . dark chamber - night another place that be not the tmnt lair . Dark and mysterious . do not know where we be . feel ceremonial . we see close up detail of statue granite . a deep voice chant os in a South american tongue as high - tech gear be place on the rock . it become power , trigger a reaction in the stone itself . Music build as we see quick shot of the granite crack glowing red . camera travel with the rise glow . end on a pair of dead eye - suddenly come to life . Red glow . CUT to : ext . NYC rooftop - night 47 47 the boy stand high atop the city below . readying to run a gauntlet of rooftop hazard . they spy a billboard off in the distance . m ichaelangelo first one to touch old faithful over there - donatello - do the other team 's chore for a week . Leo and raph glare at each other . LEONARDO / RAPHAEL deal . michaelangelo I be with Leo ! donatello actually , I think you and I should pair up , mikey . michaelangelo you kiddin ' I ?! I mean , no offense donnie , but you be not exactly the biggest hitter on the bench . T 37 . Don be grin . observe the subtle tension . donatello just trust I on this one . Music build to a fun number as the two team run parallel on building . the course require they to work as a team , throw , catch and propelling one another from obstacle to obstacle . Leo accidentally slip , plowing raph face - first into a brick wall . raph , convinced Leo do it on purpose , use he next opportunity to hurl Leo dangerously high and far over a billboard . the situation escalate at each juncture . LEONARDO have you be avoid I ? barely see you since I get home . RAPHAEL I be busy . LEONARDO ( sarcastic ) I see . so ... you be definitely not upset at I or anything , right ? RAPHAEL why would you think that ? LEONARDO I do not know ... you brother get to go on a world - wide training mission and you have to stay home . might upset I too . RAPHAEL be you try to make I mad ? LEONARDO I be just say , I would understand if you be upset . they intensity escalate . RAPHAEL you would not understand the first thing about I , daddy 's boy - oof !. hey both trip over a duct , tumble in a ball . they stop roll , continue fight . LEONARDO be that what this be about ? you think splinter like I best ? RAPHAEL you would love that , would not you ? m 38 . wider - Don and mikey be already sit there . michaelangelo so nice of you to join we , gentledude . donatello and by the way , I prefer the classic military corner tuck for my bedsheet . m ikey and Don high five . Leo and raph be not amused . they stare down . raph do he bully flinch fake-lunge ... only Leo do not twitch . suddenly - michaelangelo ( o.s. ) whoa ! whawazzat ?! the other rush over to the edge with mikey . ichaelangelo you dude see that up there ? off he look - we see large shadow move with in a large I - beam construction site . the movement be come from one of the higher floor . michaelangelo so what now , captain ? LEONARDO we need to come up with a plan . RAPHAEL later ! raph run off toward the action . LEONARDO raph !!! but raph do not stop . all three look at each other . then - michaelangelo welcome home . ext . i- beam highrise construction 48 48 the boy cross over on a large construction crane and scale up the few more storey to the top . they stand on a scaffold underneath the floor of the activity . on wall - deep claw mark be carve into the steel , much like by April and casey 's loft . Don notice . donatello guy , I have get a bad feel ... L m 39 . RAPHAEL ahh , let 's take a tiny peek . they scale to the top floor . peer over the edge . michaelangelo well , there 's a good / bad news scenario for ya . cam begins to crane up from turtles to activity on the floor . michaelangelo good news be that there be a buncha Foot ninja gettin ' the snot kick out of `em . cam finishes on floor - show six foot ninjas and karai squaring off against a large bigfoot - like monster ! it toss they around like stuff animal . ichaelangelo ( o.s. ) bad news be what 's kickin ' the snot out of `em ... on turtle - as they have all now creep up to the dark corner of the floor . a foot ninja get clobbere and sail past they , and off the building . ( safely to a scaffold below ) D onatello a interesting conundrum . do we hold dear the value of life and help the Foot regardless of we tumultuous past ? michaelangelo I vote for sit back and enjoy the show . ( to Leo ) whaddaya say , leader boy ? on leo - he 's troubled . the burden of " leader " shoulder . RAPHAEL Nah . we kick butt . raph jump forward ! Leo roll he eye , as all the turtles jump into the fray . the Foot be surprised at first , and the bigfoot monster be confuse as well . on leo - he stop when he come face to face with karai . eonardo who be you ?! on karai - she pause a moment . they exchange expert katana attack . stalemate . she gesture to the Foot as they use this opportunity for they escape . as they leap away , karai look back at the turtles ... R 40 . the creature immediately chase the boy throughout the structure , as they use all they ninja skill to avoid it , not to mention impalement on the bed of rebar below ! aph try to turn the table and attack the creature ! the boy have no choice but to help he ... put they in deeper trouble . the I - beam be get dent and twisted with each impact . the tussle begin to fall - whoomp , whoomp - down many flight of floor . raph get separate at one point , jump off the side of the building to catch up , and swing himself back onto the bottom floor to await the other . smash ! they fall into raph 's floor . RAPHAEL Nice of ya 's to join I . but the turtles eventually get cornere . and just as the creature close in - michaelangelo yeeeaaaaargghhh !!!!! the creature stop . confused . so be the other three turtles . michaelangelo what ? I see it on a nature show once . the creature scream back ! boy freak out . turtle aaaaaagghhhhh !!!!! a ngle above turtle - as a large teeter pallet fill with dry cement and block to come crashing down on they ! the turtles be bury under the rubble . ruh ? - the creature be confuse ... until it 's hit with a blind light , and then a explosion - fwoom ! we hear heavy footstep thumping through the light . shapes start to form until we see ... ... live version of the four stone general ! sport high tech gear - a mix of tech with ancient magic scrawling . they body " glow " with a red inner life , seeping through they stone crack and pierce eye . the Generals be all animal - themed - mute and powerful ape - theme costume ( " mono " ) , Eagle leader ( " aguila " ) , agile jaguar ( " gato " ) and the deadly snake- like female ( " serpiente " ) . large . impose . completely bad -ass . the creature roar and fight to no avail ... 41 . buried Pov - Silent . the turtles start to groan , regain consciousness . moonlight shoot in as they move the rock and stand up , groggy . on mouth of alley - through the smoke we can see silhouettes - a large hairy shape , along with four very large shape . the sound of freighter door close , engine revving and then a caravan of sort pull away . whooooop ! - a police siren chirp . approach the now - destroy site . donatello better hit the tunnel , guy . donnie use a small prod to prop open a manhole cover . Don , Mike and Leo jump in . Leo look back , raph be still stewing . LEONARDO raph . save it for another day . ( beat ) raph ! raph know he have to go . reluctantly he enter the sewer . the lid close as the alley be illuminate by police cherry . a beat , then mikey barely pop the lid open for another peek . michaelangelo ( o.s. ) y'know , it 's not that bad , dude . on build - actually , the place be destroy . dent , tear and look like a post - night raid in WWII . CUT to : ext . winter tower - night 49 49 up angle on the Tower . Dead of night . no one around . int . winter tower secret cell basement - continuous 50 50 a cavernous structure . dimly light . High ceiling . a few odd silhouettes here and there . we hear the click of winter ' shoe echo as he enter . winter what seem to be the problem ? karai and six ninja be already there . karai the " problem " be that we be hire to merely patrol the city and report anything " strange " to you . ( more ) W 42 . karai ( cont would ) ( grab sword hilt ) you never say anything about monster . winter smirk , look at the mouse who think he can take the lion . he reach to a satchel on the floor . the Foot tense in anticipation . instead ... winter come up with a money brick . inter ( toss money brick ) so , you job duty be just redefine . congratulation on you promotion . shink ! - karai pull out she to and slice the brick in mid - air . winter stop and look back over he shoulder . karai we may be hire help to you , but you should never forget ... we be the Foot clan . on winter - condescendingly find this particularly `cute ' . winter oooooooh ... it set the Foot off . they all grab they weapon , move toward winter . karai flip forward , sword draw and at winter throat ! ... as winter stand still ... and begin to laugh . slowly , the thumping of four sets of feet lumber out of the shadow . reveal themselves to be the four stone general . they flank winter , who be just loving the theatricality of it all . the Foot ninja leap back . winter remain confident and unmove . Generals smirk at karai and the Foot . winter I believe we make a deal , karai . I expect you to honor it . ( beat , stare she down ) you do understand " honor " , do not you ? karai stew ... unblink stare . of course she do . winter so I do not care what part of " muscle for hire " you do not understand . I hire you muscle . now exercise the one attach to you foot and ... ( closer - terse ) ... get back to work . 43. karai slowly step back . winter smile wide , reach into the drawer and take another brick of bill and toss it to W a Foot ninja . then another to a second ninja . inter so I will double ... no , no ... triple you pay for you trouble . ( stare down ) be we cool ? on foot - they just stare back , blank goggle . probably seethe inside . winter be flanke by Generals . winter be we ... cool ? the Foot do not move . tense . karai finally nod . terse . winter ninjas . no sense of humor . ( to Generals ) so how do we fare ? corridor entrance - a hunch shape undulate in chain be wheeled into the light . winter approach it - chain to a high - tech and uplit pallet on the floor . we can barely make it out as be the hairy creature from the I - beam fight . winter ( close , quiet ) so it begin ... it scream . fights it 's restraint . tire . breathe heavily . winter approach , safely inch away from he fange maw . creature suddenly lunge forward ! winter do not flinch . he merely grin at the creature . winter ( to General aguila ) be there any problem ? aguila speak in a gravelly , harden voice . he tower over winter by a foot . clearly the leader of the four . general aguila none , my lord . winter ( to karai ) you see , now that be a good soldier . you two should compare note . karai and aguila stare at each other . karai obviously not use to be handle like this . k 44 . karai just what be this all about ? winter oh , let 's call it a scavenger hunt . ( be : Generals ) I now have the power and know-how , but I need the speed and stealth of a organization such as you own . not to mention a organization that value discretion . karai but of course . winter you see , I have nine more beast like this that should be come to town very soon . thirteen in all , to be exact . the four Generals move the monster into a position on the floor ahead - into a disk on the floor . on ceiling - we see the top of a cage insert over top , create a cell . arai but ... why ? why here ? why now ? winter instinct , mostly . they be animal at they core . ( look off , distant ) and they recognize something familiar in the air ... in the star . ( beat ) what can I say ? I be a lover of animal . the disk rotate . wider we see that there be already some cell insert on the large stone disk in the floor . fill by darken silhouettes of creature that we be probably glad W we do not fully see . glow eye pierce out of the darkness . inter so you go and get to know each other . and do not forget ... play nice . the Generals turn and walk - push the Foot out of the door . they move to fight back , but karai wave she hand . karai not now . we business will be handle at a later time ... D R C 45 . after they leave , we pause for a beat on winter . quiet . tire . contemplative . UT to : 51 51 int . turtle lair - kitchen - afternoon Three brother sit around they breakfast table , look hang over from the previous night 's brawl . mikey come in , look the worst of all , and plop into he seat . cam circle table . michaelangelo dude , do anyone get the license plate of the thing that hit we last night ? oi , my head ... Don pour over a thick book on monster and mythology . donatello be it just I , or do that creature look familiar ? RAPHAEL we coulda take it if you slacker woulda pitch in sooner . LEONARDO fact remain , raph , that we should have never be there in the first place . aphael well , I suppose that we shoulda let Mr. cuddly - kin continue to spread happiness throughout the city ... oh wait ... he be a freaking monster tryin ' of kill US !!! good call , fearless leader . onatello come to think of it , it be pretty strange to see the Foot too . and who be that woman ? michaelangelo I dunno , but she sure give Leo a run for he money . LEONARDO ( still fight with raph ) this be my fault now , raph ? I be the only one who have to be responsible ! RAPHAEL hey , you be the " train master " , not I . 46 . michaelangelo ( quickly interjected ) dudes-can-it-here-comes - splinter . on door - splinter walk in , humming to himself . splinter good morning , my son . turtle Morning , sensei . splinter make himself a tea . room be silent . on turtle - raph and Leo glare at one another while they eat . Don be pour over a thick book while mikey sit with he forehead on the table . splinter if anyone need I , I will be watch my storey . S plinter walk out . os sound of the tv be turn on . at the table , the glare continue . LEONARDO hothead . RAPHAEL splinter-junior . NYC dirt reporter ( o.s. ) and in the latest of a string of strange criminal activity , a construction site be nearly destroy last night . authority believe a violent battle have take place earlier that evening . the boy react and rush into the MAIN live area . on tv - a well - coif News reporter stand outside of the I - beam tower . in the daylight , we can see the building be twisted and dent from the night 's fight . the boy immediately jump forward . mikey grab the remote and up the volume . splinter my son , what - splinter 's eye go wide . he look at he boy listen to the tv intently . mikey nurse he sore head . splinter I believe you boy have some explain to do ... m 47 . splinter look at the turtles . busted , as we - x-dissolve to : 52 52 int . splinter be room - later the turtles be kneel before they sensei . splinter Leonardo , I be most disappointed in you . you be the leader of you brother . I be count on you to bring order to the chaos of this family . LEONARDO but master splinter , how can I be expect to do so when ra - splinter there be no excuse when you be the leader , my student . on leo - bite he tongue . hard . splinter but the involvement of the Foot and they mysterious leader worry I . ichaelangelo I be personally worried about a monster run around the street of New York . but hey , that 's just I . Don elbow mikey back in line . RAPHAEL we hafta go out and find who 's responsible for this . there be not no other solution . splinter raphael , there be better way to use you skill in ninjitsu . fact - gather . Analysis . observation . direct contact should only be you last resort . RAPHAEL wow , sound ... exciting . LEONARDO save the brute vigilante junk for that nightwing guy . N 48 . mikey / raph " nightwatcher " . LEONARDO whatever . raph stand and exit the room . the other stay silent as we - wipe to : int . secret nightwatcher area in sewer - later 53 53 quick shot - nightwatcher gear up . ightwatcher emerge from a man hole . walk to a long - forget and shadow underside of a bridge . he point up with a remote - chirp ! slowly , he motorbike begin to lower on retractable grapple hook . o N bike - explode out of a back alley and into the night . ext . new york CITY back alley / street - night 54 54 various shot of nightwatcher tear all over the city . on bike and on foot . angry . try to work it out of he system . he 's swallow it all up to this point ... get harder . begin monster hunting montage 55 55 aggressive and drive music . various shot of the Stone Generals capture a laundry list of creature that be come into the city . see the tech , detail and precision that the winter ' operation work . Foot ninja act as live " tracking device " around the city . - the Generals capture a sloth -like creature , jump in throughout rafter above . the Foot try to help by block exit . - the Generals capture a werewolf - like creature in the high - speed subway tunnel . the Foot maneuver the subway car . - General mono take on a large scale yeti - like monster . a wwe - size match set in a large abandon warehouse . - Close call , as human come close to see the monster ... but rarely do . we see small house pet swipe away . fleeting glimpsis of limb , claw and tooth in the shadow all over NYC . meat truck tear open and they content " steal " . - intermix quick shot of Generals and collar clamping , cell lock , etc . 49 . - see more cell be fill in winter basement . only 3 empty cell remain . CUT to : 56 56 ext . april and casey' loft apartment - night quiet part of the neighborhood . they light be fully on . april ( o.s. ) you sure you do not want to spar a bit ? int . april and casey' loft apartment - continuous 57 57 April be dress in work - out gear on a grouping of floor mat . she twirl a wooden katana as part of a floor routine . wow - she 's actually pretty good ! casey eat a bag of chip with one hand , do curl with a dumbbell with the other . casey Nah . ever since you start with the blade weapon you , um ... you kinda scare I . april suit yourself . ( she stop - a beat ) case ? casey yeah ? april ( awkward ) be you happy ? I mean , with you life . with I . casey pause a beat . tries to be upbeat . casey yeah . sure. ( beat - serious ) you ? April think just as much . april yeah . they sit on that for a moment . casey lean in for a kiss . April do not notice . awkward . casey change he mind . casey ( walk to the window ) I be go outside for some air . N N 50 . casey slip out onto the fire escape . April know better . april ( to herself ) be safe . 5 8 58 ext . loft rooftop - continuous casey climb up from the fire escape . check to make sure he 's alone . he reach inside a chimney flue and pull out - a baseball bat and he classic white hockey mask ! he slip it on . do a few warm up swing . crick he neck . 59 59 ext . NYC rooftop - continuous all be still , until the panicked face of a burglar enter frame . be hold by he collar . burglar i'm sorry man ! i- i-i won't ever do it again ! i'm sorr -ooof ! bam ! - the leather fist of nightwatcher slam burglar back , trip over a a/c duct . he try to shield himself - reverse angle - boom ! - nightwatcher land in the fg . ightwatcher funny how you jerk do not care about crossing the line `til someone else do it ... all over yer head ! night hurl he back into a roof access door , dent it . raph 's loving this . walk to the burglar and pick he up . burglar ( almost in tear ) i'm sorry ! i'm sorry !!! nightwatcher Boy , oh boy , do you pick the wrong night to be a criminal ... night cock he fist just as - casey ( o.s. ) hey champ . you think you be be a little rough on the guy ? ight slowly turn around . menace . casey 's take aback . ( 51 . casey be you that nightwatcher fella ? ( beat - unimpress ) a little smaller than I expect . RAPHAEL ( inside helmet ) case ? no way ! casey ( poke raph with bat ) I be talkin ' to you , pal . you think you own this rooftop ? well , lemme teach you a thing 'r two . ( take out bat ) class be pain 101 . meet you instructor ... casey Jones . it 's get serious . casey 's bat be suddenly wrap by night 's chain , and pull down . raph 's visor flip up . RAPHAEL ( grinning ) you keep on play with fire , little man , you might just get burnt . casey raph ?! be that you ?! ( scan costume ) what - what be you do ?! thinks ) be you pretend to be ... on raph - his eye look around for a answer . nothing . casey why would you - ( finally get it ) - oh. ( a beat ) so that would mean ... ( then really get it ) - ooohhhhhh ! raph smile ... the first genuine one he 's have in a long time . RAPHAEL yep . in bg - the burglar try to get away . casey and raph both spy he . look at each other . mischievously grin as we - dissolve to : ( ( 52 . 60 60 ext . rooftop - later close on - the panicked face of the burglar . cam rotate to show he hang upside - down . cam widen to reveal he 's bound by chain and dangle from a street lamp ! cam pan up the bg build to reach - the two old friend sit perch on a high tower , surround by gargoyle . they blend right in . both mask be off . RAPHAEL I dunno , I just get tired of the " nothing " . sitting around wait for some disaster to cross we path . of we battle utrom and triceraton or any other friggin ' creature ... when there be still some guy gettin ' mug 100 foot above the lair . just do not seem right . ` specially if we have the mean to do something ' about it . raph twirl a billy bat between he finger . stop . RAPHAEL and we do ... but turn out I be the only one who be willing to do it , though . so I just save up , buy and tweak a sweet bike , fitte the costume and begin moonlight . beat ) paper call I " the nightwatcher " , so I go with it . C asey " and a legend be bear " . so what be you handle before that ? RAPHAEL I kinda like " the Midnight marauder " ... casey ( make a " eww " face ) stick with nightwatcher , ninja boy . ( then ) the guy ever catch on ? RAPHAEL pfft. you kiddin ' I ? Leo 's be away for , like , forever . and the other two be so wrap up in that party business they would never notice . beat ) so what about you ? how 's thing with April ? have not see ya 's since you two move in together ... 53. casey they be good ... I guess . I dunno , seem like all I do lately be just make she upset . she use to laugh so much ... now it 's mostly just work all day , and come home to point out how I be a screw up . ( point to hockey mask ) she do not like I do this . and I know she 's pretend to not know I be out tonight . but she know . and she know I know she know . ( look out at city ) life just kinda get complicated suddenly ... y'know ? RAPHAEL yer tellin ' I ... casey look at he old bud . casey raph ? RAPHAEL yeah ? casey Nice to see ya , man . raph acknowledge . the moment be break by a horrible shriek ! casey / RAPHAEL what be that ?! they both spring to they foot and run to the back of the roof . they hear the scream again off in the distance . RAPHAEL for old time 's sake ? casey what the shell . on raph - he stop , mid-replacement of he helmet . RAPHAEL ( disapproving ) bro. seriously . ext . rooftop 61 61 the two run and leap across the rooftop . two vigilante search for the source of the scream . they finally reach a point where they do not hear it anymore . edge of rooftop - they look out . Silent . 54 . casey I think we lose it . RAPHAEL it 's gotta be around here somewhere . screeeeech !!! - a large vampire -like creature fly up from the alley below and spread its 30 - foot wing ! casey / RAPHAEL waaaaaaaaaaaggghhhh !!!!!!!! it 's about to attack when - thunka - thunka - thunka - it 's drill with tranquilizer dart from below ! chooom ! - a grapple hook wind around its foot . the creature struggle but be pull down hard ! casey what' goin ' on , raph ?! RAPHAEL do I mention we run into a monster last week ? casey no . no , you kinda faile to tell I about that one , buddy ! they inch closer to the edge . peek over . on alley - see the four Generals put a pound on the creature . they subdue it with all they hardware . the Foot stand guard , help in the bg . casey the freakin ' foot ?! ( look to Generals ) what about the walk statue ? be you go to mention that ?! RAPHAEL nope . that be a first for I too . ( get cocky ) we can take `em . one of the general effortlessly pick up a trash dumpster and wallop the creature with one blow . casey on second think ... the Generals put the creature in a cell . wheel it to a transporter vehicle as it drive away . they be just about to leave when - S hink ! - casey accidentally knock a tiny piece of rock from the ledge . it fall down - clang ! - on a garbage can lid . 6 R G 55 . on general - they turn around . look up . general gato Pov - he scan the two . organic Earth -base . eneral gato witnesses . aguila snarl and fire the tranq gun ! raph dive in front of casey , take the hit himself ! aphael aaaarrggh !!!!! general aguila ( to gato ) fetch . gato smile as the other three board a Transport vehicle . casey not good . raph take out ninja smoke pellet and throw they on the roof - fwoom ! when the smoke clear , casey be stand there alone ! raph be 10 foot away as casey flinch and take off too . nightwatcher you ever hear of smoke pellet ? casey hey - you be the ninja , not I ! boom ! - gato land up on the roof and quickly give chase ! they can not lose he , even when they drop to street level . ext . new york CITY street - moment later 2 62 raph and casey be tear ass through the alleyway , try to escape the thing that 's close on they tail . casey what be that thing , raph ?! raph ignore he , look for a street sign . then he see it - 56th Street . RAPHAEL bingo . raphael quickly dash leave through traffic ! down alley behind they - boom boom boom - we see gato bound down the wall , almost in a four-legged run , occasionally jump off wall at incredible speed ! a true jaguar . it leap through the traffic as well . C 56 . under a bridge - raph point up and - choop ! - hit a remote that lower he motorcycle . casey what be we gonna do , raph ? what be we gonna - ( see bike ) - hey , cool ride . RAPHAEL hop on . raph leave gato in a cloud of dust ... but not for long . gato clamor along ... keep up with the weaving bike ! in the fray , casey loose he mask ... as it get trample by gato . it 's a insane chase , with raph try to lose he as casey swing he bat , try to stave off the Stone General . suddenly - thunk ! a circular obsidian blade land in he wooden bat . he look at it . casey um , raph ? raph see the blade ! they manage to switch position in mid - ride , with casey drive and raph in back . raph throw kick and punch at they pursuer when he close in . the chase take they to a parking garage as they circle upwards , gato jump from car to car , still on they tail ! rooftop - they be trap . he do not have a hope ... aside from jump the bike to the next roof ! asey T hisiscrazythisiscrazythisiscrazy . he let out the clutch as they make the jump ! wham ! - spark and crucial piece fly off the undercarriage . they both look back at gato up and away at the top of the structure . casey suck on that , rock face ! ( gato leave edge ) that's what I thought , punk ! ... and then - thumpthumpthump - gato jump down toward they ! casey oh crap . casey gun it - but the bike doesn't work anymore - as gato be in mid-air , take off . casey grab the weaken raph and drag he off . C 57 . 63 63 ext . rooftop behind large letter sign - continuous gato land and patrol the roof ... almost sniffing they out . casey and raph be barely hide inside a rooftop shack . suddenly - boom ! - gato find they . he try to smash through the steel door with he bare hand ! raph lean he body into the door as a last ditch effort . he 's take a pound as the door be dent with each slam by gato . casey try to help as well . gato come close to break in . very tense . then - - the light on he exo-suit begin to strobe . a signal . a signal to return home . he survey quickly ... then run off . casey and raph fall out . both shell - shocked . asey okay , so it be great seein ' ya again , raph . ( beat ) raph ? on RAPHAEL - he 's get a dart in he shoulder , obsidian disk stick in he shell , and have collapse unconscious . casey gotta get you someplace safe , pal . and then , then I need to go buy some new undy . CUT to : int . april and casey' loft apartment - later 64 64 April be finish up with she workout . she hear the fire escape outside of the building and the window slide open . april casey , I think we need to talk . ( turn around ) I do not want - whoa . off her look - casey be stand there , brace the near - unconscious raph , now without he nightwatcher garb . casey could use a little ... help here ... RAPHAEL ( weak ) hey April ... how ya be ? m 58 . raph pass out as we - wipe to : 65 65 int . turtle lair - kitchen splinter and the other three be finish up dinner . they close the pizza box . ichaelangelo my compliment to zee chef . ( beat ) Le brrrraaaaaaapp ! mikey walk to the fridge of leftover birthday cake . michaelangelo anyone for dessert ? everyone ( sick of cake ) no !! the phone suddenly ring . Don rush over to the jury-rigged payphone on the wall . donatello cowabunga-carl-party-services - cowabunga-dude. ( face fall ) waita -slow down April . what happen to raph ? ( beat ) we will be right there . smash CUT to : int . april and casey' loft apartment - later 66 66 on window - one by one , Leo , Don and mikey slip into the window . they spot raph on the futon , be tend to by April m and casey . mikey look around . ichaelangelo whoa ... I be in the wrong line of work . Nice pad , kid . Don immediately start check raph out . donatello his vital sign seem to be okay . ( open he eye ) pupil dilation be normal . raph weakly push donnie 's head away . C 59 . RAPHAEL ( weakly ) get the ... frig offa I . donatello temper be normal too . ( to other ) he 's go to be fine . Health - wise , I mean . otherwise , he 's still the same old raph . ( beat ) whoa . on raph be shell - two obsidian disk be wedge in he back with a tranquilizer dart . donnie wedge out the obsidian disk with plier . lose on - disk . it 's beautiful and deadly . Don examine . donatello some sort of stone ... probably obsidian , I think . ( closer ) there 's a engrave on it . look ... South american . Aztec ? no . it 's definitely not mayan . April swallow hard . april it can not be . donatello what can not be , April ? April sit down on the floor with the disk . try to figure thing out . casey lean down to she . casey would it help thing if I say that we be be chase by a one of that statue you collect for that winter guy ? on april - her mouth be agape . michaelangelo I would say that 's a big ten-four . april ( muttering ) it 's just a myth ... a legend . ( closer ) it can not be . ( 60 . casey and I suppose that bring up the thirty - foot fly monster would probably just push this over the edge , huh ? on april - she slowly turn to casey . floor . LEONARDO what be you talk about casey ? casey just some story this winter guy tell we . it all start down in South America . Long before the ashmeck and the macaroon . april aztek and mayan . casey that 's what i say . april sit down , Jones . ( to group ) so there be this guy call yaotl ... cam pan to the right - as it pass a fg element , the screen dip to black . we hear sound of a violent battle . monster shriek . blade clash . April 's retelling winter ' story . dip to black : everyone be gather around as April finish . mikey , in particular , be hunch over , intent . casey , like before , have fall asleep . silence for a beat . then - michaelangelo well ?! what next ?!!! april no one know . the legend stop there . thinks ) but it 's just a legend . donnie study the tranq dart under a magnify glass of April 's . donatello the micro-tech of this dart be astounding . the molybdenum be of a grade only find in a few select market ... not to mention it 's current stock be go for a little more than two - grand a ounce right now . ( more ) L D L 61 . donatello ( cont would ) ( look up ) what ? I dabble in the market . eonardo so what do we have ? we have someone with a lot of money . onatello access to technology ... and the mean to produce it to exact specs . RAPHAEL not to mention have a keen interest in this monster ... and they four stone joker . donatello if you ask I , it all somehow point to winter Corp . LEONARDO how do you figure that , donnie ? donatello look up with magnifying goggle on . sarcastic . donatello hello ? " genius " ? ( a beat ) well , that , and the fact that this part have a winter Corporation logo on it . eonardo do you think he 's try to recreate the event from back then ? RAPHAEL well , what would you do with a army of monster ? michaelangelo well , aside from have you own wrestle league , I dunno ... maybe take over the world ? LEONARDO do bad guy still try to do that ? donatello yes , however they be usually mortgage re-fi company . ( then ) what about it , April ? you just finish work with the guy , right ? do it make sense ? april guy ! it 's a legend ! R 62 . michaelangelo be that " legend " like the ginormous freakin ' hairball that attack we ? aphael or " legend " like the move statue and fly creature that attack I and casey ? april okay . Fine . I will help for now ... until we prove you be all insane . LEONARDO or until we prove winter be up to something more than collect art . donatello I will work with April and see if this star of kikin she tell we about can give we any clue . RAPHAEL I say we just storm the castle and face this jerk in person ! LEONARDO raph , that would be the worst idea yet . we hang back . analyze . formulate a plan , then storm you castle . be we clear ? tense stare off between raph and Leo . raph move anyway . casey stop he . quieter moment . casey raph . do not do it , man . ( beat ) I spend my whole life run out of room tick off at the world . I wish I could take most of `em back . sometimes , just takin ' a breather be the best thing to do . on april - she 's listen to casey ... maybe she man-boy be grow up . raph know he can not win . RAPHAEL yeah ... whatever . - and bolt out the door . CUT to : a 63. 67 67 int . sewer - moment later cam be move fast ... really fast down the pipe . raph explode into frame , run faster than we . he lift up a back pack ... he pull it open , revealing he night gear . - as he grab a overhead pipe and flip up and outta sight . ext . STAR -filled sky - night 68 68 we see the same star we have be tracking move closer into alignment ... only now it mean so much more to we . cam lower , as we find ourselves - 6 9 69 int . turtle lair - evening donnie look through a thick book on astronomy . pril ( o.s. ) think this be all of they , donnie . on door - April walk in , hold a 3 - foot-high stack of yellow document . april I clean out my archive on ancient South America . might have find something useful . she take out a hand -drawn map . april a map of the star , as record by a Aztec shaman . they pinpoint the location of the star of kikin ... even though the name change . donatello for use in a Aztec calendar . ( pick up map ) so , if we can cross-reference we current star field , positioning of the star of kikin and backtrack positioning base off of the Aztec calendar - april - along with take into account the point of origin of the first occurrence , we should know where another portal could take place . ( to herself ) Max , what be you up to ? 64 . Leo pace back and forth in the main area . splinter walk in . mikey play video game on the main tv . splinter Leonardo , time cannot be move faster by wear a groove in we floor . michaelangelo seriously , dude . we be all stress . try to chill . LEONARDO you be play video game on the possible eve of armageddon , mikey . michaelangelo ( insult ) but I never say I be have fun . Leo look at the clock . LEONARDO where 's raph ? splinter Leonardo , a true leader know the virtue of patience ... and when to stop exercise it . donatello we be almost do , Leo . you might want to go get he ... if you can find he , that be . Leo look at splinter , clearly feel leadership pressure and raph 's absence make it worse . he leave the lair . CUT to : ext . NYC shoreline - night 70 70 relatively peaceful . a few freighter off in the distance . tall dry grass rustle in the wind , as we see a- - treasure hunter - a stocky middle - age fat man with a click metal detector . Big goofy earphone cover he ear . treasure hunter ( singing ) monay , monay , monay , monayyyy ( really high - pitch , bad ) ... monay ! Pov from water - steadicam shot , watch the man patrol under the light of the moon . W p 65 . the click intensify . he follow the signal for twenty foot . drop to the ground and dig the sand ... . ..and come up with a old unopen can of sardine . treasure hunter pfft. figgers . he turn to leave the beach . treasure hunter lousy metal detector . " happy anniversary " present , my big fat keister . he hurl the can of sardine over he shoulder . only , instead of hearing a tiny splash from it hit the water ... we hear a snarling crunch and tinny -chewing . the man stop in he track . he turn he head around . close on - man 's face , eye wide in shock . cam pull back , slow just as the crown of a gnarly skull crest the bottom of the screen . ptooey ! - the tin " key " be spit back onto the sand . he bolt . treasure hunter aaaaaaaaggghhhhh !!!!!! CUT to : int . winter penthouse - night 71 71 it 's dark . barely light in the hallway of the top private floor of winter Tower . the camera travel the long and ornate hallway . decorate in a different sense than the main building ... in a sense of family , tradition and legacy . icture span century in age . some photo . some portrait . families . love one . 72 72 int . winter study - continuous cam continue until we find a high - back chair park in front of a oversize blaze fireplace . on chair - winter sit . tire . sullen . sipping brandy . look above the fireplace and lift he snifter in a toast . inter to pick up the piece . 66 . above fireplace - be a suit of armor ... the suit of armor of none other than yaotl the conqueror . he look at it with heavy think . then - winter what be it ? winter do not turn around . stays in e-fg . cam adjust to show the shape of general aguila in the doorway . general aguila two creature remain , my lord . a long beat . winter close he eye . winter well , by all mean then . let 's finish it . on aguila - he squint . deep in think and not share . CUT to : ext . rooftop - night 73 73 nightwatcher run along the rooftop . he pause . he lift he visor to feel the night air on he face . he see winter tower in the distance ... practically egging he on . CUT to : ext . pete' diner - continuous 74 74 classic diner design , Pete 's diner be close for the evening . the last light go out . int . pete' diner - continuous 75 75 a greasy diner cook finish clean up the table . he suddenly hear a noise in the back . Big clank . kitchen - he walk to the back . he hear the noise ... now from inside the walk -in freezer . he slowly approach it . another noise . he move to open inside of freezer - the door slowly open . the man 's face peer in . his eye go wide . he scream !!! ext . rooftop - continuous 76 76 nightwatcher hear the scream . run to the source and look down at Pete 's diner . see the commotion inside . use he bolo chain and a power cable to form a zip line down the street as - 67 . 77 77 int . pete' diner - moment later - kersmash ! he go through the front window ! he stand , cat - like . ready for anything . the room be only light by the neon signage behind the counter . suddenly - night creep to the freezer . he can hear the chewing and the snarling behind the thick door . he take out a spike brass - knuckle . ready . place a hand on the door ... and open it . on doorway - the creature be huddle over a pile of freeze meat . chew with piece fly everywhere . disgusting . it turn around - monkey - like and ferocious look demon ... but " cute " in a bizarre kinda way . Music build as go - wider on side view - night stand there . the horrible demon creature suddenly jump out of the freezer too ! face off with raph as we realize - - it 's only three feet tall ! nightwatcher hey there little fella . all that commotion for just little ole y- the demon scream ! it jump night , slamm he to the floor behind a row of table ! nightwatcher ( o.s. ) wahh ! ooof ! aaaggh ! ow !! whoaaa !!! plates , glass and utensil fly everywhere , smash all over the diner as the demon pummel he . close on night - the demon be jump up and down , slamm he helmete head repeatedly to the floor ! it lunge forward , mouth open as night backhand it with a plate . the demon jump back and up , landing on a rotate ceiling fan . T he creature lunge down again , but this time , night be ready . he fight back . like fight with a Chihuahua hop up on cocaine . a break in the fight . the creature have disappear . night know he 's there . he prep . grab he smoke pellet from he pocket . and wait ... until ... ... the demon swoops in for another attack ! mouth open , fang bare as night toss the smoke pellet inside ! wide - pooomph ! pooomph ! pooomph ! the pellet explode in its mouth , send smoke shoot out of it 's nostril , ear and eye ! it shriek , fly out of the diner ! a 68 . nightwatcher ( victory taunting ) yeah ! that 's what I think ! do not mess with the nightwatcher ! night turn . his helmet be still on . he hit he light on the side of he head to see through the thick smoke . he find the diner cook huddle behind the counter . night look scary . diner cook pl-pl-please do not hurt I ! nightwatcher whattaya talkin ' about ? I just save you ! diner cook please , sir . I have kid . night look around . he see the cash register on the floor . he pick it up , put it on the counter . nightwatcher there ya go , pal . make sure this be safe . hey - you hearin ' I ? diner cook take it ! just take it ! don't hurt I , please ! nightwatcher listen ! I don't want yer friggin ' cash ! why doe everyone have such a hard time believin ' I 'm a good guy ? ( point threaten ) I just save you stinkin ' life ! sudddenly - shink ! - a throwing STAR be lodge in the cash register till ! night jump . look out the window . cam pull way way back , really fast - out the diner and to the rooftop across the street ... and over the green shoulder of leo . will he see be a panicked man and the large shape of nightwatcher stand over he , hold the register . close on leo - he 's fume . stare down at nightwatcher . the frustration of the last few day pent up inside of he . B ack in diner - night slowly lay down the register . try to figure out he next move . nightwatcher this night just keep gettin ' better and better ... h 69 . tense stand - off as ... night suddenly bolt out the back as Leo bolt the roof in hot pursuit ! 78 78 ext . new york CITY street - continuous night tear down the street and through back alley . Leo keep up with he effortlessly , hurl a assortment of throwing star he way . night suddenly dash out into traffic ! jumping over pass car from roof to roof ! LEONARDO Nice try , amateur . Leo cross the busy street while still maintain he secrecy . Zip line through power line , avoid a oncoming bus , and flip back onto a cable . e swing and manage to snag nightwatcher in mid-leap ! LEONARDO oof ! you be a heavy boy , be not you ? they both land on a fire escape , as night clamor to the top . Leo waste no time in catch up . 79 79 ext . rooftop - continuous the chase continue . night give it he all , and Leo keep up pretty easily . he throw Leo a pretty strong curveball , and Leo barely recover . LEONARDO okay , someone 's be training pretty hard . it begin to spit rain - and become a frank miller downpour . ext . rooftop dead end - continuous 80 80 night reach a area that 's a dead end . one side of the building have a large letter sign face away . fill the rooftop with silhouettes . no choice but to turn around ... ... as Leo slow to a stop at the other end of the building . LEONARDO I want you to know that I appreciate you intention . but you can not change the world like this . inside helmet - all we hear be rain pour . raph can not hear Leo - just see he wag he finger at he . 70 . nightwatcher ( to himself in helmet ) L oh god . he 's lecture . eonardo ( now audible ) ... so I be go to give you one chance to just walk away and stop this vigilante nonsense . Leo unsheathes he two katanas . raph can not hear he . nightwatcher ( to himself in helmet ) okay , leo. wanna play ? nightwatcher drop twin bolos . he twirl they with expertise ... then motion for Leo to fight . charge at each other , run through the rain , weapon draw . they fight . hard . and with expertise . two master duking it out . it surprise Leo . it fill night with more adrenaline . there 's a break . they circle like tiger . renewing attack . night know every one of Leo 's move , and counter in turn . LEONARDO what ? how do you - ... then he start goad he on . push leo. prodd . make he mad . ... and then Leo fight back . hard . night can not keep up . Leo use every bit of he control , restraint and expertise . he surgically slice the bind under night 's helmet . he jump on top of the vigilante . LEONARDO goodnight , dark prince . Leo uppercut night , knock he helmet off ! his face fall ... it's RAPHAEL ! Leo pale . LEONARDO r-raph ? ( thinks ) what ? but raph do not feel like explain . refuse defeat . RAPHAEL aaaaaaaaghh !! he mule kick Leo back . Leo tumble back , still in shock . they yell at each other through the pour rain . 71 . RAPHAEL you be so friggin ' smug ! you think the world revolve around you , dontcha ? that we could not possibly survive without the mighty and powerful Leonardo to guide we through we problem , huh ?! ( pace ) well , I gotta newsflash for ya - we get along just fine without you . LEONARDO I be training ! train to be a better leader ! for you ! why do you hate I for that ?! RAPHAEL ... and whoever say I want to be lead ? I shoulda go on that training ! LEONARDO y ou weren't ready ! you be impatient and hot-tempere ! and more importantly ... I be better than you . raph stop in he track . reaches behind he back ... and pull out he twin sais . he flip they to the front . RAPHAEL well , big brother , I would have to disagree with you on that one . raph take a ready stance . Leo do too . and they fight . brother vs. brother . katana vs. sai. technique vs. heart . ext . alleyway - continuous 81 81 in another part of the city , the Generals have catch the demon from Pete 's diner . as they carry he to the caravan , they radio comm go off . karai ( o.s. ) the Foot report of strange activity five block north of you location . general serpiente the final creature . ext . rooftop dead end - continuous 82 82 camera rise up until we reach the rooftop where Leo and raph continue to duke it out in the rain . they battle . in the end , raph become a uncontrollable ball of anger , unleash everything on Leo . R 72 . it end with raph pin Leo to the ground ... hold a sai millimeters from he eyeball ! tense . raph shake . he look like he 's go to do it ... then stop . he collapse back . almost ashamed of what he 's do . Leo just can not believe that raph best he . they pant heavily . the rain die down . raph run away , across a few rooftop . away from he brother . he suddenly stop and look back at Leo , small in the distance . close on leo - a shadow suddenly fall over he . he look up to see the four general surround he . he try to fight back ... but be too wipe from raph . gato Pov - " read " Leo on the ground . he frown . general gato it be neither monster nor human . close on aguila - he manage a small smile . general aguila then he shall perfectly serve we purpose ... let we inform we commander that the final creature have be capture . on raph - he see the commotion from afar ... as Leo get tranquilized with the Generals ' dart cannon . RAPHAEL leo !!! raph run closer as the Generals lower to the ground and drive off . raph jump from rooftop to rooftop to try and catch he brother . RAPHAEL L eo !!! hang on !! but the caravan be too fast , and eventually lose raph . aphael noooooooo !!!! raph get weak and collapse to he knee on the roof . the sun begin to rise . he have to return to the sewer . CUT to : int . turtle lair - morning 83 83 April and Don be poring over book at the kitchen . mikey pace behind they . raph storm in , barrel past they all . S 73. 84 84 int . turtle lair - training dojo raphael walk to splinter , practice himself in the dojo . raph hold he sais in one hand , he bolo chain in the other . clench both tight . splinter raphael ? what be the matter ? RAPHAEL ( ranting ) I be out , and do ... something ... something happen and I - arrrgh !!! raphael pick up a heavy weight and hurl be across the dojo . splinter be unfaze , but he will not take any more . splinter raphael ! kneel . raph stop . breathe heavy . Falls in line - walk to splinter and drop to he knee in front of he father . RAPHAEL I do something ... I do something really stupid , master splinter . splinter go on ... RAPHAEL ( semi - rambling ) I know why you choose he now . I know that there 's a reason why he 's the better son and I be not . ( thinks ) and I think I make thing worse tonight . ( beat - calming down ) a whole lot worse ... I know you must be ashamed of I , father . raphael be lose in he guilt . splinter kneel in front of raph . splinter raphael . you always bear the world 's problem on you shoulder . it be a admirable quality when you be a protector of other ... plinter gently lay a hand on raph 's shoulder . 74 . splinter but you must realize that while , at time , you may not be my favorite student , it do not mean that you be my least favorite son . raphael look up . have not think of it that way . splinter you be strong , passionate and loyal to a fault . this be the merit of a great leader as well ... but only when tempere with compassion and humility . RAPHAEL but master splinter , I mess up big tonight ... I mean big . splinter chew on this . splinter Leonardo ? R aphael ( beat , ashamed ) yes . splinter be grim . nod . but he move on . splinter well then , I believe you brother may be in need of a leader . raphael look up . finally , he shot . he hold he sais in one hand , and he bolo chain in the other . ninja turtle vs. nightwatcher . he grip they both hard . he drop the chain . RAPHAEL thank you ... father . mikey burst in the door , frantic . michaelangelo dude . I think you be gonna want to check this out . ( beat ) where 's Leo ? raph and splinter share a look . raph have to tell the other . int . turtle lair - moment later 85 85 April and donnie sift through they chart and calculation . 75 . donatello so , the first time that this portal be open , the star of kikin align ... ( sketches on high tech screen ) ... and that 's why it occur in that specific South american region . ( more doodle ) now if we take into account the continual rotation of the Earth since then , as well as the gradual celestial shift that 's happen and be record over ... well , over the course of that mountain of book over there ... we now know we new location . donnie 's draw a new line from the alignment of the star . April elbow casey to wake he up . april precisely at 40.748 degree latitude and - 073.985 degree longitude . on other - huh ?! mikey air - calculate math in bg . donatello New York City . april winter Tower . donatello and the alignment be due to occur in precisely - ( check watch ) - well ... tonight . it sit in the room . heavy . michaelangelo but without Leo ... what do we do ? no one answer . splinter look to raph . raph step up . RAPHAEL we rescue we brother ... and save New York City . splinter stand to he side . splinter together . CUT to : - 8 76 . 86 86 ext . winter tower - sunset dark STORM cloud gather over winter Tower . a horrible electrical storm be brewing . int . winter lobby - continuous 7 87 the lobby have change . Shots establish the jury-rigged nature of winter Tower . - the large aztec-like calendar on the lobby floor suddenly split and slide open , create a 100 foot circle in the middle . underneath be the tower cell basement . - the disk in the basement be suddenly raised up to the lobby area , replace the slick marble design with a antiquated stone version . only now , thirteen creature cell surround the disk . very ceremonial . - finally , winter ' office elevator lower from high above . he 's in the actual ceremonial gear wear by yaotl year ago . he hold the helmet to he side . very serious . he look over he now - ceremonial lobby ... satisfied . push in on one cell , as Leo sit hunch over , unconscious and helpless ... smash CUT to : int . april and casey' loft apartment 88 88 Quick shot of April and casey gear up . casey with he off - the-shelf sport gear . April with sleek - look japanese combat gear and weaponry . they both emerge from they room , dress to kill . casey 's jaw drop as we scope out April . casey wow . april ( model it ) picked it up on my last trip to Japan . you ... like it ? casey oh ... oh yeah . they share the moment . see what they forget about each other when they first meet . it 's enough for they to smile . april where 's you mask ? m E 77 . casey ( fake confusion ) mask ? what mask ? April run into the other room and come back with she hand behind she back . she take out a new mask for casey - cool , crisp and a badass paintjob . casey no way ... april I be save it for we anniversary . casey ( beat ) thanks . almost awkward as casey lean forward and be about to kiss she ... then a musical tune ( first bar of the tmnt series ) play on a car horn outside , interrupt they again . april that 's we ride . 89 89 int . vehicle - night cam pull back from the back seat . everyone be in " the zone " . splinter and Don sit in the back seat . pull further toward the front , we see April and casey . no on raph in passenger seat and mikey drive . RAPHAEL you know I be not much on speech . ( beat ) but we can do this . Leo , or no leo. ( look around ) not because of we individual strength ... but because of how we function as a team . ichaelangelo I love you man . RAPHAEL do not push it . ( to April ) April , this be go to be dangerous . you sure you be in ? april I feel responsible , fella . I find the Generals for he . o 78 . cam continue to pull out - as the familiar jingle of cowabunga Carl fade in and we see the cowabunga Carl Party R Van in full view . aphael ( o.s. ) Nice a ' incognito there , mikey . michaelangelo ( o.s. ) well , I do not see you offer any suggestion ... besides - ( imitate splinter ) - a true ninja can hide in plain sight , my son ! splinter ( o.s. ) I hear that ! Van take off as the camera slow in the street , watch it drive away . NYC civilian point to the sky , worried . push in on a tv / stereo store window - Simon 's electronics . on tv - Broadcasting a news report . weather alert . Black cloud brew over head . bubbly weather reporter ( o.c. ) scientist be call it the fiercest storm of the new millennium , with dopler radar reading come in off the chart . authority be impose a curfew to avoid possible civilian harm . stay tune for more in minute . further down the STREET - we see winter Tower and the darkest cloud of all beginning to collect overhead . int . winter lobby 90 90 winter stand with four Generals in he office , oversee the portal . ready . int . winter garden - moment later 91 91 karai walk down the center path of the garden , flanke by a dozen foot ninja . she motion for they to take position . karai as order - no one get in . no one interfere . no one bear witness . suddenly - the security alarm from the front gate buzy . karai wait a beat . it buzze again . she walk to the security panel by the front gate . N monitor - we see casey stand there , obscure by a large wooden crate in front of he . karai coldly open the gate . C 79 . karai May I help you ? casey yeah , hey , I be suppose to drop this off for Mr. winter . if I do not get this do , I be majorly in the doghouse . you know what I be sayin ' , right ? right ? the two stare at each other as the cam angle behind karai - she 's hold a katana sword behind she back ! am dolly overhead as we see that casey be pack major sport gear " heat " on he end too . both do not let on . karai please come in , then . casey really !? ( beat - get compose ) I mean , " but of course " . casey wheel the crate inside . the gate close only karai have now disappeared ! casey open the front hatch , revealing Don , raph , mikey , April and splinter . R aphael let 's never do this again . ( wave hand in front of nose , glare at mikey ) and who do that ?! michaelangelo what ?! why do everyone always call I out ? a long beat . then ... splinter I apologize my son . everyone look at sheepish splinter . a beat . suddenly - wider - the empty garden begin to move . creepy , as dozen of foot ninja begin to rise out of the shadow and slink toward we heroes , surround they . karai make a dramatic entrance , landing in front of April and casey . tense beat . casey I suppose this be where we all take out we sharp and pointy thing ? karai you suppose correctly . W 80 . on heroe - as they all draw they weapon . high angle as the Foot all draw theirs . stand-off . raph twirl he sais . RAPHAEL I be so gonna enjoy this ... 92 92 int . winter tower winter walk along all the cell - a final check . he examine one of the cell . push in - it 's leo . he 's slowly waking up - groggy . muttering incoherently . he pass out again . 93 93 ext . winter park we finally get to see how much of a ass-kicker master splinter be . same with April , who square off against karai . they fight hard . April end up cornere , about to be skewer by she blade when ... - clunk ! she wobble and then pass out . when karai fall out of frame , she reveal casey jone a hundred yard behind she hold he hockey stick ! April frown . april I have the situation under control . casey ( smirk ) you be welcome . mikey fight the most like Jackie Chan - comical maneuver back by solid-hitt blow . Don use he bo-staff in 1001 different way , both offensively and defensively . casey be enjoy the hell out of it . High fly , adrenaline rush . he even catch April check he out , and vice versa . April suddenly spot a open to the front door ! april guy ! Front door be open . now ! they all charge the front door ! int . winter tower 94 94 winter be happy . he look up to the heaven . check a time piece . winter begin chant ancient magick / spell . look up through the open in the middle of the building . inter ( then ) yesssssss !!!! 81 . the cam pull up through the building . up over NYC . through the cloud ... and into space until we pass all align star . S pace - the final star drift into position . a light burst effect travel down each star , head to Earth . back in lobby - the light burst fly into the lobby and hit the circle in the middle of all the monster ' cell . on circle - the piece suddenly start to move around . almost like a slide puzzle . then they start to randomly sink further into the ground . Light pour out of they , until all of they give way to create the portal . Pov office above - each of the thirteen cell light up to acknowledge they content . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... winter finally ... finally ! on general - they be still . emotionless . the light sequence get to Leo 's cell ... it do not light up . winter what ? his mind reel . look down at the cell . nothing . then it hit he like a ton of brick . he turn to the Generals ... winter what do you do ?! 95 95 int . winter lobby we six heroes all tear into the lobby . they turn back , a army of ninjas close in on they ! michaelangelo what do we do , dude ?! donatello I be work on it . raph grip he sais with renew strength . casey look around , put thing together mentally . tension build ! RAPHAEL we get ready for round two . on casey in corner - he reach into he back , take out a hockey stick and - smash !!! - kill a lobby vase . suddenly , siren blare as the outside build security shutter slam down just like in Act I ! the ninjas be lock out ! 82. RAPHAEL yeah ! everyone high fives casey . except April . she smile . april Nice work , Jones . casey I have my moment ... donatello look ! off don be look - the mayhem build at the other end of the vast lobby . the cell be glow . the portal worsen . donatello and that would be the swirl vortex to another world , I assume . ( beat ) cool . they all run over . mikey run to a cell . michaelangelo Leo ! be that you ? raarrgh ! - a claw swoops out . he dodge out of the way . michaelangelo I guess that would be a " no " . on raph - he find Leo ! donatello out of the way , please . D on place a small explosive on a key lock . raph pull Leo out . lifeless . RAPHAEL hey buddy ! come on , man . Leo , please wake up ! raph hold Leo in he lap on the floor . look like Leo be dead . raph 's head fall low , as ... LEONARDO ( o.s. ) wh- wh - what take you s-so long ? wider - Leo be alive . cough and slowly get he strength back . stands up . he and raph look at each other . Leo can only imagine what raph 's be through to rescue he . a beat . RAPHAEL listen , I - I be sorry . 9 . 83. Leo forgive he . moment be suddenly break by a os smash !!!! angle up - as winter be throw out the window of he elevator office ! he head straight for a sword wield bronze statue ... particularly the sword part . closer ... closer ... and ... .. just miss it . whump ! he crash onto the floor . motionless . on group - they just stare at he . back up to the office , nearly 150 foot above they . on balcony above - aguila look down . snarl . 6 96 int . winter lobby winter ' body still lay on the floor . this be bad . casey be he ... be he dead ? mikey take out a hockey stick from casey 's bag and poke winter ' limp body . nothing . michaelangelo yup . he 's way dead , dude . winter gasp for AIR ! startles everyone in the room . on everyone - they face all drop as winter stand up in he mini-crater , brushes himself off and be perfectly fine ! winter ' mind be racing a mile a minute . do not even notice that around he . winter ( groans ) raph can not take it any more . he draw he sais and thrust they at winter . that get he attention . winter look up in awe at see the mutate freak in front of he . winter fascinating ... splinter mister winter . we mean you no harm . RAPHAEL no harm ?! whatever ! I be about to give you piercin' in place you never imagine if you do not tell we what 's go on . o o 84 . winter we be so close ... so close . winter collapse on the floor . head in hand . winter this be we chance . we could have change it all . april we know everything Max . we know you be try to recreate what yaotl start 3000 year ago . N winter - he look up . see April . exhausted , as we - wipe to : ext . flashback battlefield - night 97 97 the same red-tint battlefield we leave in Winter 's flashback . monster be leaping through the hoard . W inter ( v.o. ) there be thing , miss o'neil , no one could possibly know ... camera push in on yaotl and he four Generals high on a hill , surveying the action . on yaotl - he take off he helmet ... it's winter himself . winter ( v.o . ) it be I who stand on that battlefield all that year ago . winter / yaotl look out at the death and destruction . he look shocked , surprised . a shadow fall over winter body . he look up - it 's a ceremonial shaman from they enemy ' camp . winter ( v.o. ) and we have to pay a price . the shaman make hand gesture , chant . winter be pull up in the air , and in a crackle of red electricity , we see he become ... grayer . N general - same electricity . different effect . they scream , slowly turn into stone . crack form on they body , light shoot out of it . winter ( v.o. ) we be curse that day . my four comrade - in - arm be turn into stone . ( more ) B 85 . winter ( cont would ) curse to live on this Earth ... immobile ... yet fully aware at all time to ponder the crime we have commit . on winter - he stand on the battlefield . alone . as he walk , the cam move around he . during this , we x-dissolve between a few select time period between then and now . winter ( v.o. ) my curse be to live ... forever . to feel the pain of lose love time and time again . of boredom . the pain ... of time . ack in present day . winter stop walk ... winter we be doom to live this way until , as the shaman put it , " you correct the mistake of you past " . ( gesture to the lobby ) that 's what this be about . penance , miss o'neil . finally get a chance to right we wrong . general aguila ( o.s. ) we master fail to include crucial point in he tale . on shadow - the four Generals thump forward . general aguila he fail to discuss the petrify agony of three thousand year . general serpiente of the torture of take century to merely blink a eye ! general gato of watch the erosion of you own body throughout century . general aguila so , while we great leader bask in the warmth of the sun and the glory of fresh air ... we rotted in the stone hell that last throughout wmillennia . inter my brother , I - general aguila we be no brother to you ! we brotherhood be break the day that you condemn we to this eternity . ( 86 . on door - cam pull back along door as each one be barely force open and dozen of Foot ninjas pile in the lobby ! karai come to fg of group . survey as the scene continue . general gato and now , we master have tired of feed on the nectar of life . of loving he entire life . of feeling . ( gesture to portal ) so he prefer to end it all . end he " misery " at the expense of ours . aguila walk to the cell . the portal writhes in the bg , sink into the floor . general aguila but thanks to he cun , he technology , we be now capable of live ... we have now become - ( close , creepy ) - god . general serpiente and we shall finish what we begin all that year ago . we will finally have we victory . general gato even with one monster still free , the curse can never be break ! general aguila ( to winter ) join we . join we yaotl , and live a life eternal with we at you side ! on winter - he wait . a beat . winter never . this be we opportunity ! we be wrong ! do not you understand ?! general aguila no ! you be wrong . beat ) and you be weak . general aguila ( to karai ) destroy they . karai see winter ' condition . clearly get screw by the very being who have be nothing but hostile toward she and she Foot clan . she suddenly gesture with her hand - military / ninja style . 87 . april what do that mean ? karai it mean we be go to help you . wider - 40 Foot ninja disperse around out of the building , leave karai and 4 Foot ninja behind . karai my soldier will find the thirteenth monster . and you will bring it back here . hurry - we do not have much time . karai run off . April look over at winter . he nod , still hurt . April take off after karai , leave casey behind with the four Foot . they run out into the garden , just in time to see the other Foot disappear into the night . casey I get shotgun ! back on general - they move toward winter ! the turtles quickly look at one another . know what they have to do . they all leap in the way , stand between winter and he backstabbing Generals . aguila move forward to Leo . raph step in beside he , defiant . then mikey . then Don . RAPHAEL if you mess with one of we - ( look around ) - you mess with all of we . aguila smile at they chutzpa . general aguila challenge accept . 97 the portal worsen behind they . sound and sight . the eight 97 be ready to fight . ... and the fight begins ! the turtles leap , pounce and strike with all the exuberance and intensity they have ever have . winter move to help the turtles . suddenly a walking stick across he chest stop he ! splinter they must face they alone . as brother . winter debate it in he head for a beat - wham ! - a tentacle from the portal slam down next to he ! 88. winter alright . we have more important thing to do ! on portal - a small demon make its way out of the portal ! winter run and flip through the air and then clobber it with he bare hand , send it back down ! he land on the other side . winter help I push the cell into the portal ! splinter do as the two master also manage to lay some smackdown on any emerge creature out of the portal . CUT to : ext . new york CITY street 98 98 casey ( o.s. ) this have get to be the suckiest vehicle to save the world with . - as the cowabunga Carl van roar around the corner . tinkling musical note chime along with the speed . appropriately lame and embarrassing . inside van - casey drive , as April , karai and four Foot be cramme in the back . awkward silence . casey so ... anybody from out of town ? W E begin to intercut back and forth between the lobby fight , and casey / april monster chase ... lobby - the combatant all pair off for they final battle . utter commotion . mikey be pair with serpiente . donnie be pair with the General mono . he use he quick speed and expert staff against the hammer- weild statue . Leo fight with gato . he can not dodge he . he 's too fast . Leo land a lucky blow , but gato recoil - boom ! Leo 's knock shell - first into a large glass display case fill with sword and blade weapon of all kind . LEONARDO come to daddy . moment later - smash ! - Leo step out , ready for action . strapped with a dozen sword tuck all over he body . he pull they out randomly as need throughout the fight . C C 89 . raph and aguila duke it out in and around the monster cell . it 's a Jackie Chan -inspire sequence , where they have to be aware of they environment to avoid defeat . RAPHAEL sensei ! how you guy do ?! on splinter and winter - the portal be pull the cell in . about five more to go . splinter also flip around and take out another demon try to escape . splinter actually seem to be have fun . splinter wonderful , my son . wonderful ! back with april and casey - rush the street of NYC . karai my troops have locate the final monster . at the harbor dock . asey oh , I get this one cover . casey gun it for the pier , music tinkling . cam zoom ahead through the street until it reach the pier . cam crane over the harbor warehouse until we see - - the 13th monster ! look like a land - lock giant crocodile . it appear unconscious - a hundred or so tranq dart stick out of it 's back . the Van pull onto the scene . I nside the van - everyone be in shock . the ninjas look at each other . asey huh . now there 's something ' you do not see every day ... they pile out of the van . casey ( off of monster ) well , I guess we have to figure out how to get handsome here back to winter ' Tower . karai we should tie it to the van and drag it back . casey wow . you be ... hard core . on creature - a Foot ninja stand next to the lifeless body . as he turn he head he do not see the creature's eye OPEN ! 90 . wider - the creature stand up as everyone turn to see . the creature dog shake he hide , send the tranq dart fly everywhere ! they slam into the wall like shrapnel . on foot - as they dive out of the way . one get hit with a dart in the chest . look down . pass out . casey incoming ! on van - as they open the door to act as shield as - thunka thunk thunk - dart stick in the door ! on creature - he 's now stand ... and die to chase something . it growls / scream as they all pile into the van ! casey immediately throw it in reverse and start peel back on the pier , barely stay out of the clutches of the creature smash the pier in front of they . get to the end and spin the vehicle around . april fast ! go fast now !!! casey gun it , the 12 - foot creature mere inch away ! star in sky - karai see the star be slowly move out of alignment . lose time fast . back in lobby - crane down on winter and splinter . on the last full cell . on portal - a pair of large eye be threaten to come out . in the bg , dozen of winge demon fly around inside . LEONARDO they better hurry with that last monster ! RAPHAEL I be sure my man casey 's get it all under control ... LEONARDO that 's what I be afraid of . back with van - close on casey' face - as he 's scream he gut out . casey I gotta tell ya ... i'm , uh , I 'm still not sure that this be the best idea !!!! wider - we see that he 's on top of the Van , act as live bait to attract the creature ! it 's work too ! the creature pounce along like a awkward greyhound run . April drive . R 91 . casey be throw sport equipment at it from he large hockey bag . the creature be catch and eat it all . inside van - casey slip in . april what be you do in here ?! casey ran outta food . they all look out the back window as the creature pound closer and closer ... back in lobby - the turtles and Generals be at a standstill . turtles all get throw into a pile between the Generals . aphael listen . I be the last guy to sound like a tv cartoon , but I think we need to work together . michaelangelo teamwork . the more you know ... Don clock mikey behind the head . LEONARDO ( teasing ) why raph , no solo act tonight ? raph grin . they stand , back to back ... finally as a team . they trust one another , and they efficiency show . on portal - more tentacles begin to come out . more claw surround the surface edge . on tmnt - the music swell . the brother act and think as one . the way they should . they way they will from now on . on splinter - as cam push in , he stand up . see he son . as one . as brother . he smile . splinter yes . yes , my son . the Generals can not keep up . it 's enough to distract they to make mistake the tmnt take advantage of . on winter - see the portal light beginning to shrink ! because of the tmnt 's move , the Generals be now on the precipice of the portal , be pull back . they struggle to stand . the brother look at each other . the place be violent with a whirlwind and scream monster . T 92 . RAPHAEL so who want to call it a day ? LEONARDO I be in . donatello affirmative . michaelangelo Roger dodger , dude . the tmnt launch into they final attack - perfectly in synch and take out each of the Generals , knock they back into the portal ! they be pluck out of mid-air by cloudy tendril and pull back ! the turtles collapse onto the floor , back to the portal . Silent . splinter run over to they . splinter my son , I be so proud of you all . then - boom ! - the Generals ' arm slam onto the ridge of the portal - beginning to climb out ! the turtles jump back . turtle waaahhhhh / ohmigod !/ whooaaa !!! general aguila silly child . we be immortal make of stone ! the Earth have only begun to feel we wrath ! the brother be screw . they can not stop the Generals . until- behind turtle - glow headlight grow larger . closer . as - kersmash !!! the Van fly through the lobby , musical chime and all , be trail by the creature ! April clip a corner as the vehicle spin out of the path . he creature try to stop , but can not on the marble floor . it fall , slide , click its claw try to stop ! winter look out ! winter dive in and push the turtles out of way as the creature fly in and knock the Generals back into the portal ! the cloud tendril grab a hold of it and pull it back into the portal ! on star - the star move out of alignment , end the cycle . on portal - it begin to close . the Generals struggle to get out , only now , we see they be human ... they curse break ... and a eternity of pain and suffer ahead of they . 93. aguila try to fight he way out of the portal . general aguila you cannot defeat US ! we - wham ! - raph and Leo team - roundhouse he back into oblivion ! RAPHAEL I think he would never shut up . wider - the portal explode in a upwards funnel . silence . michaelangelo holy crap !!! RAPHAEL we did it ! turtle yeah ! whoohoo ! we did it ! the brother high five one another . splinter smile proud . on van - dusty and smoking . the door clang open . casey pile out . karai come next and accidentally fall on casey in a very compromise position ! she slyly smile . April fall out last beside they . casey ( catch - look at both ) oh. I , uh - huhn ! - casey toss karai off of he . April 's eye cock . april do not try to tell I for one second that you do not enjoy tha - casey just grab she , cut she off and they kiss . like they should have be kissing all along . they stop . nose close . smile . they pull apart , revealing mikey stand there . watch they all gooey - eye . michaelangelo awwwwww .... raph and Leo look at each other . a beat . then hug . Brothers again . dialogue would just ruin this moment . splinter walk over to they . cam adjust to show karai and the Foot ninja stand there . silence . finally , karai step forward - karai you be every bit the warrior I be inform you be . you have pass . 94 . on tmnt - they be confuse . LEONARDO pass what ? RAPHAEL you know we ? karai I have know of you for some time . ( beat , to Leo 's question ) savor you victory tonight . for soon we will have further business together . splinter what kind of business ? karai the kind that involve familiar face from you past ... on turtle - they all look at each other . RAPHAEL she do not mean ... they look back - and see karai and the Foot have disappeared . raph look over at winter . he 's hunch over in the corner . can not tell what 's go on . they walk over slowly . RAPHAEL winter ? on winter - look like he 's sobbing . they get concerned . then the sob turn to laughing . he stand up . his hand be spot red with he m own blood from a cut on he cheek . ichaelangelo I be never usually that happy to be bleed . donatello you would be if you be a immortal who could not bleed for three thousand year ... winter look at all the turtles . winter thank you . thank you from the bottom of my heart . you have make a very old man , very very happy . michaelangelo so , um , what happen now ? R C 95 . on winter - he just smile . content . finally at peace . as he age thousand of year in front of we ... eventually turn to dust and blow away . michaelangelo okay ... just a little bit creepy . ( sneeze ) oh gawd . I think he 's in my n-n - attchooooo !! oh gross !!! cam pull back , out of the building , onto the street . see the destruction . the clear sky . the sunrise . UT to : int . turtle lair - evening 99 99 raph come to splinter 's room . aphael you want to see I sensei ? splinter sit down , raphael . RAPHAEL thank you , master splinter , for you guidance . ( think , humble ) I can only hope that one day , I will be able to begin the next stage of my training like leo. splinter smile . reaches into a box and take out a similar medallion to the one give to Leonardo . splinter that , my son , you already have . ( beat ) we training work in mysterious way . but the answer that lie in all we question ... be family . raph beam as he accept the " badge " . he excitedly stand up . splinter look to the hallway where he eye meet Leo 's . they exchange know smile as splinter wink and we - dissolve to : int . turtle lair - later 100 100 a rockin ' number plays as we cap everyone 's adventure . splinter walk through the lair . it 's empty . he walk past they " trophy room " . he place the ornate head of winter ' cane on the shelf . L S 96 . he sit down to meditate . but first reach into he robe and pull out a tin foil package . he open it up and smile . plinter ahh . double chocolate fudge . wipe to : 101 101 ext . rooftop - night mikey and Don be on the rooftop . Leo and raph join they on top . Leo and raph have a aside to themselves . RAPHAEL so we be cool with the whole nightwatcher thing ? LEONARDO yeah , we be cool . we secret , bro. ( check for clear coast ) you get rid of the stuff , right ? quick shot - nightwatcher 's gear burn in a barrel . eonardo what about the bike , though ? RAPHAEL ( discreet / confessional ) okay , so I could not exactly destroy the bike . ( beat ) let 's just say it 's in good hand . LEONARDO what do you mean ? RAPHAEL I mean , it 's in good hand . LEONARDO ( think , then realize ) oh , you do not . raph sheepishly shrug as we - smash CUT to : ext . new york CITY STREET 102 102 casey ( o.s. ) whaaaaaaaaahoooooooooooooooooo !!! as casey roar down the street on the black motorcycle of nightwatcher , barely able to hang on . 97 . he drive past winter tower - now be convert to a natural science and history museum . 103 103 ext . new york CITY STREET a hitchhiker thumb come into frame . casey stop he bike . wider - it 's April . she smile . casey hand she a helmet . april' Pov inside helmet - we see a small diamond ring tape to the visor . she take it off . beam . model it on she hand . she lean forward . april ... yes . she wrap she arm around he waist and hold tight for the adventure that await ... cam follows for a beat , then rise up the building to - ext . rooftop - night 104 104 all four turtles be horsing around . they get gear up ... and head off for a game of ninja tag . the boy run , hoot and holler as they fly high on the rooftop . RAPHAEL ( v.o. ) so what make a family ? personally , it 's more than share a roof or a bathroom . it 's share life ... my father teach I that , and I think it 's pretty much true ... y'know , provide that you do not kill each other in the process . or that no one touch you stuff . or make loud noise when you be try to sleep . or ... they run close to the camera , once again , a family . RAPHAEL ( v.o. ) hey , nobody say it be easy . and as RAPHAEL and LEONARDO leap toward camera , we - CUT to black : the end