to catch a thief screenplay by John Michael haye directed by Alfred hitchcock fade in : 1 . MAIN title a shaft of moonlight indicate that the period be night . in a open jewel case line with black velvet , a collection of woman 's jewelry be display . necklaces , bracelet , ring , wristwatch represent a expensive assortment of emerald , ruby , diamond and sapphire . they be in careless arrangement , as though the owner have just take some of they off the night before and have be too tired to put they away in a place of safety . after the last title have go off , a pair of black - glove hand come into the picture — and with soundless and expert dexterity , remove the jewelry from the case . 2 . ext . rooftop -( night ) - medium shot a large black cat be see stealthily go up a steep tile roof . for a moment , it disappear into the shadow of a tall group of chimney , and then emerge again into the moonlight . fade out : fade in : 3 . int . HOTEL room -~( day ) - closeup there be a sharp contrast in light . it be now broad day - light . the screen be completely fill with a big head of a middle - age woman . her face be cover with cold cream and she grey hair be tie up in a chiffon scarf . she have four gold tooth , which be easily see in she wide - open , scream mouth . still scream , she look down . insert -the empty jewel case 4 . int . HOTEL room -( day ) — closeup her head move away from the camera as we now begin to see she full , night - robe figure run around the room in a helpless panic . she see the open french window lead to a balcony . she dash over and through the window into the sunlight . 5 . ext . HOTEL balcony -( day ) - long shot her balcony be on the fifth floor of the hotel . she emerge and start to scream out at the world at large . Beyond she we see the whole curving sweep of the sea-front at Cannes . the amount of traffic and people indicate that it be near midday . some of the passersby turn to stare up at she . first woman : au secour ! appelez la Police ! on maat volé me bijoux ! on mar volé me bijoux ! lap dissolve : 6 . insert . it be night . a dresser drawer , pull open silently , give we a glimpse of another collection of expensive jewelry . the same two black - glove hand move in , and we see they scoop up the whole collection of jewel . 7 . ext . rooftop -( night ) - medium shot a black cat stealthily move across a slate-tile roof in the moonlight . fade out : fade in : 8 . ext . HOTEL -( day ) - medium shot a hotel window fill the screen . again a woman 's scream be hear , and a voice exclaim in german : second woman : mein juwelen ! mein juwelen ! ist verschwunden ! we do not see the owner of the voice . 9 , ext . promenade des anglais , nice - ( day ) - long shot a comprehensive view of the sea-front at Nice , with the hotel in the foreground . lap dissolve : 10 . insert the back of a woman 's head , and a pillow . the pair of black - glove hand skilfully slide under the pillow , and reappear with a suede bag . the hand open the bag which contain a assortment of brilliant jewel . 11 . ext . rooftop -( night ) - medium shot a black cat move furtively across the hotel roof . fade out . fade in : 12 . ext . HOTEL ( day ) - semi - long shot the facade of a elegant hotel . we now see many window . from one of they , although we cannot determine which one , come the long , customary scream . 13 . ext . monte carlo -( day ) - long shot a full , comprehensive and beautiful shot of monte Carlo . 14 . ext . police headquarters , nice -( day ) - medium shot there be a uniform guard at the door . a car wait by the curb . the motor be run , the door be open on the side face the building . four man come out of the building , and down the step . all be in civilian clothes . they quickly enter the car . the door slam shut and the car move off . the camera pan it up the main thoroughfare .. it be soon lose in the stream of traffic . lap dissolve to : 15 . ext . mountain -( day ) - long shot a panoramic view of the mountain behind the french riviera . a wind road coil from the foreground into the distant mountain , where it disappear . the police car be labor up the incline . the camera pan off it and look farther into the distance . lap dissolve to : 16 . ext . mountain -( day ) - long shot another view of the mountain beyond - the snow - cap peak in the distance . Far away to the leave , a villa sit atop a small rise . it be about two or three mile away from we . at that range , it look small . lap . dissolve to : 17 . ext . villa -( day ) - long shot the villa , and its flower garden , fill the screen . lap dissolve to : 18 . ext . villa ( day ) - medium shot the front door of the villa open . a middle - age , portly housekeeper emerge and shake out a dust cloth . she go back into the villa . 19 . int . robie 's live room ( day ) - long shot it be a large , attractive , masculine room . it be line with book , and a few good oil painting . there be many flower in the room . the housekeeper return from the door and go on with she dusting . the camera pan around the room and come to rest at a armchair . it close in on a sleep black cat . the cat be lie on a fold newspaper . the camera close in on the cat and the newspaper . 19a . insert the newspaper , show the name of it as '' the Paris Herald tribune '' . it be open to the lead paragraph in the Art buchwald column suggest that the famous , pre-war jewel thief call the cat—or , as he be know in France , Le chat—has now become active again on the riviera . he have reform after become a hero in the war , but apparently have decide not to let well enough alone . the cat 's paw reach out , stretch its claw , and tear down through the center of the column . 19b . int . robe 's live room -( day ) - long shot the. camera continue to pan up from the newspaper to the open window . we see into the garden beyond , where John robie be snipping dead bloom off he rise bush . 20 . ext . robie 's garden -( day ) — medium shot John robie , age thirty - five , be dress in casual country clothes . the camera move slowly in , and as it reach he head and shoulder , we hear the faint whine of the approach car . robie 's head begin to turn suspiciously . 21 . int . robie 's live room -( day ) — closeup the cat in the armchair raise its head as though it sense something disturbing in the air . 22 . ext . robie 's garden -( day ) - semi close robie 's head turn and look out toward the approach road . 23 . ext . mountain road -( day ) - long shot robie 's garden be in the foreground , but far beyond we see the wind mountain road and the automobile approach . a light cloud of dust hang behind it . 2 . ext . robie 's garden -( day ) semi closeup robie study the oncoming car for a moment , then turn back slowly to snip off another bloom . he look out once more , and turn and make he way back to the villa , the camera panning with he . we see he pass through the french window , into the live room . 25 . int . romex live room -( day ) - medium shot robie cross the live room and make some comment to he housekeeper who be still dusting around . we see he mount some stair in the hallway beyond . he do not seem to be in any particular hurry , yet he movement seem definite and purposeful . 26 . int . landing -( day ) — - medium shot we see robie pass through a door into he second - floor bedroom . 27 . int . robie 's bedroom -~( day ) - medium shot robie come into the room , and stroll over toward the dormer window . the camera move forward to meet he , until he head and shoulder fill the screen . he look out of the window with study caution , stand far enough back to avoid expose himself . 28 . ext . mountain -( day ) - long shot through the foreground window , we see the car approach along the main highway . it slow down , and then turn into robie 's driveway . 29 . int . robie 's bedroom -~( day ) - closeup robie 's eye travel with the car along the driveway . he make the slight movement back - ward . ext . driveway -( day ) - semi long shot the car circle around and face the roadway again . it stop , the door open and four man get out , the driver remain in the car . we see the leader issue instruction to the man . he be obviously direct they to surround the house . they move off to they various station . the leader and he assistant approach the front door , until they disappear under the edge of the roof . 31 . int . robie 's bedroom -( day ) - medium shot ina business - like way , robie move to a clothes closet , open it , and produce a long canvas case and a small yellow box . from the case he take a double - barrel shotgun . from the yellow box he take two shell , and load they into the gun . he snap the gun shut , then release the safety catch . the camera pan he to a nearby chintz-cover armchair , and he lay the load gun across the arm . he now assume a more nonchalant attitude , and stroll through the bedroom door . during all this , we have hear knock on the door , the muffle voice of the man and the reply of he housekeeper — all in french . as robie reach the bedroom door , we hear the voice of he housekeeper call up to he . germaine : monsieur robie ! 32 . int . landing -( day ) - medium shot in the foreground at the top of the stair , robie be emerge from he room . we see germaine stand at the foot of the stair . as he descend , germaine say : germaine : deux messieur vous demandent . robie : mercie , germaine . she stand aside to let he pass , casting a very sour and critical glance at the two policeman . as robie turn into the live room , germaine retire to she kitchen , give another defiant and unfriendly look at the police . 33 int . robie 's live room -( day ) - semllong shot the two detective stand in the foreground , they back to the camera . they be about five foot apart . Beyond they , at the other end of the room , we see robie enter . he advance into the room a few step , then stop and look at they enquiringly . there be something about he manner that seem strange . he wait for they to speak . the man on the right announce he name . lepic : lepic . the second man speak : mercier : mercier . robie look at they , wait . lepic : monsieur robie , nous appartenon a la sureté nationale . nous procedon actuellement sur une enquéte sur un certain nombre de vol de bijoux et nous penson que vous pourriez nous fournir quelque renseignement susceptible de nous aider dan nos recherch . voudriez-vous avoir pobligeance de nous accompagner a notre Bureau de Nice ? 34 . int . live room -closeup during this , robie have listen impassively , although by the expression in he eye , we see a alert brain at work . 35 . int . robie 's live room ~( day ) - medium shot robie cross to the window and look out . 36 . int . robie 's live room -( day ) - medium shot the menst head turn as they follow he movement . 37 . int . robie 's live room -( day ) - medium shot robie cross the room and look out another window . his face still show no expression . he turn to the two man . robie : vous I permettrez bien de prendre mon chapeau et mon veston ? he gesture towards he arm and head . 38 . int . robie 's live room -( day ) - medium shot the two man . lepic make a conciliatory gesture . 39 . int . robie 's live room -( day ) - medium shot robie turn and move out of the room towards the stair , — case . as he go up the stair : 40 . int . robie 's live room ( day ) - medium shot ‘he two man exchange suspicious glance . lepic gesture mercier to stay where he be . then lepic move softly and quickly toward the staircase , the camera panning with he . 41 . int . robie 's hallway ( day ) - medium shot lepic come to the foot of the stair just as the door above be close . we hear a definite click as the door be be lock . lepic quickly turn and call out : lepic : mercier ! he turn back and hurry up the stair . halfway up , lepic , the stairway and the doorway be rock by the loud explosion of a gun go off . as lepic reach the top , and mercier dash in the hallway , we hear the loud thud of a fall body . 42 . ext . front porch ( day ) - semi long shot the driver jump out of the car , and rush for the front door . 43 . ext . robie 's garden ( day ) - long shot from the roof of the villa we see below we the post detective now converge on the house . they run around and pile in through the front door , the camera panning with they . the camera pan back to a small dormer window on the roof . the head of John robie appear . a pair of shoe be tie around he neck . behind he , and in the house below , we hear pound , shouting and loud voice . his expression and manner be business - like . he show no panic . 44 . ext . robie 's roof ( day ) - semi long shot he emerge from the window , and he stockinge foot , and make he way along the roof toward the end of the house . he move with experience ease over the tile . reaching the end of the house , he start to lower himself down a drain pipe . 45 . int . hallway -( day ) - medium shot lepic and mercier be at the top of the stair , try to force the door open , while the other man be crowd the bottom of the stairway . 46 . int . hallway ( day ) - semi closeup lepic and mercier succeed in burst the door open . 47 . int . robie 's bedroom -( day ) - semi closeup as the door swing open with a crash , lepic and mercier start to rush in , but be pull up in sudden alarm by what they see . 48 / . int . robie 's bedroom ( day ) - semi closeup from there viewpoint a overturn wing armchair , with the double - barrel gun propped to point ominously at they . 49 . int . poke 's bedroom ( day ) - semi long shot shoot over the armchair and gun . they advance cautiously into the room . at this moment there be the SOUND of a car start up , and drive away with a burst of speed . without bother to go to the window , instinctively know what happen , they immediately turn and rush back through the doorway . we hear the thunder of running feet on the floor below as the other detective rush for the outside door . 50 . ext . robie 's driveway ( day ) - semi long shot helicopter the police car in the driveway . Beyond it we see the front door of the house . the detective rush out , and look out toward the roadway where we hear the SOUND of the other car drive away . lepic dash out , and issue some swift order . then they hurry toward the automobile . they pile in quickly , and the car start off . the camera pull back and away from the villa , as we see the car turn from the driveway into the main , wind highway . the camera continue to pull back until we get a great , wide , panoramic shot of the mountain , with the diminutive police car racing down the twist road . presently , the robie 's yellow - color convertible come into view , and we can see the distance between the two car . we be possibly a mile away from they . 51 . ext . mountain road ~( day ) - long shot -( helicopter ) the camera skim the rooftop of a village , and it travel along with the two car as they tear they way through . 52 . ext . mountain road -( day ) - long shot -( helicopter ) once more the car be on the open highway . the camera move along with they , and they approach a village which be of the medieval , wall - in , type . the camera , in mid-air , lose they as they enter this village . the camera traverse along the outer wall so that we only hear the SOUND of the car racing through the village . we reach the other end of the village and , to we surprise , it be the police car which emerge first . the car pull up suddenly , and one or two of the policeman get out and look down the highway , on which there be no car in sight . abruptly , robie 's car roar out of the village past they . the police jump back into they car , and resume the pursuit . 52a . ext . mountain road -( day ) - long shot the police car come alongside robie 's car and force it to a stop at the side of the road . 52b . ext . mountain road -( day ) - medium shot the police pile out of they car , and move quickly to the side of robie 's yellow convertible . for the first time we see that robie be not at the wheel , but that germaine , he housekeeper , be the driver . she expostulate vigorously for be drive over to the side of the road . germaine : qu’est - ce qui vous prend , hein ? can vous amuse de coincer les gen sur le bas-cété de la route ? je suis une honnéte citoyenne . j’obéis scrupuleusement a la loi ! depuis quand est -ce considéré comme un crime d’aller au marché ? 52c . ext . robie 's villa -( day ) - semi -long shot robie be see casually crossing the road toward the local bus which be just come to a stop . 52d . ext . robie 's villa -( day ) - medium shot he get on the bus , and it drive off . 52e . ext . mountain road -( day ) - long shot the bus , travel down the road be force to move to one side , in order to allow a speed car to pass it in the opposite direction . it be the police car , return . 52f . ext . bus - ( day ) — closeup robie , calmly look out the window at the pass police car . 52g . ext . robie 's villa -( day ) - semi -long shot the police car dash to a stop in front of the villa . 52h . int . bus - ( day ) - semi-closeup as robie lean back into he seat , he glance at the woman sit next to he . she have a bird in a cage on she lap . the bird suddenly begin flutter and flap its wing in fright . 521 . int . bus - ( day ) — closeup robie , look down at the bird — dead pan . lap dissolve to : 53 through 74 omitted 75 . ext . intersection , monte -carlo -( day ) semi long shot in the foreground be a ordinary patrol policeman . at the other side of the street we see the bus pull up . one or two passenger alight , include robie . he come around the back of the bus , and cross the roadway toward the camera . halfway across he spot the policeman . we see he stiffen a little , but he come on cau - tiously without change he pace . as he near the policeman , he raise a flat palm towards he face , while he contort he face into a exaggerated yawn . it be a simple and effective momentary disguise . as he pass the policeman and move on out of the picture , the policeman turn casually and follow he with he eye . then the policeman also begin to yawn . his mouth open wide and he eye close , as he turn away . 76 . reverse angle -( day ) - long shot we see robie approach some step lead to a smart little restaurant situate on the dock side of monte Carlo . 77 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - semi -long shot we see robie descend the step , and the garden section at the restaurant . it be mid-day , and the customer be arrive for luncheon . the well - appoint table indicate that this restaurant have some special quality . there be plenty of waiter , and the clientele be of the well - to - do and fashionable set . ' we see robie approach the garden entrance to the restaurant . 78 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - semi-closeup robie enter behind a small group of people who be wait for a table . the headwaiter motion the group forward to a table , leave robie expose at the entrance , alone . his country clothes contrast sharply with the sophisticated atmosphere . 79 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - medium shot ata nearby table , the wine waiter be uncork a bottle of champagne for a couple . he look up , as he turn the cork . a slightly startle look come into he face as he see robie . at this moment , the cork pop . he still stare at robie . 80 . insert the foam from the champagne spill out of the neck of the bottle over the waiter 's hand . 81 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - closeup robie give a faint smile and a slight admonish shake of the head . 82 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - semi-closeup the waiter recover , and turn to he customer to mutter a apology . a busboy hurry up with a napkin to dry the bottle and the waiter 's hand . 83 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) -closeup robie 's attention leave the waiter , as he scan the restaurant , look for someone . suddenly he eye catch sight of : 84 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - semi -long shot aman who be obviously the restaurant owner . his eye catch sight of something . he hurry across to a table near the center of the garden at which be seat a small party , include a man who might possibly be King farouk . a waiter be just about to hand the King a menu , when bertani intercept it , and with a nod of he head order the waiter to another duty . he then bend graciously toward 's he King , invite he order . 85 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - semi-closeup robie watch he for a fraction of a second , and then move over toward he , the camera panning . he hesitates by farouk 's table long enough to cause bertani to glance up at he . have catch bertani 's eye , he move on , and the camera pan he toward the entrance to the restaurant proper . 86 . ext . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - closeup a big head of bertani as we hear the voice of farouk give he order in french . bertani 's eye turn for a moment to follow robie . 87 . int . bertani 's restaurant -( day ) - semi closeup at the back of the restaurant , in a small enclose counter , sit the cashier , antoinette . she be a plain girl , with a body more interesting than she face . a look of recognition , and slight alarm , come into she face , as we see she eye follow robie 's progress through the restaurant . we do not see robie , until he appear behind she , pass into the glass - enclose office at the back of she desk . 88 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — - medium shot robie enter the office , close the door . the office be perhaps twelve foot square , with window that look out to the kitchen , and toward the cashier 's stand which be outside the leave wall . there be a open doorway lead to the cashier 's stand . Beyond the cashier , the central room of the restaurant can be see , dark in the daytime , and beyond that the outside garden restaurant , crowded and busy . the camera pan robie over to one aide of the office , which consist of a large wood and glass partition , beyond which we can see the kitchen . 89 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — closeup robie look out the glass partition toward the kitchen . his glance be a impersonal one , he mind seemingly occupy with he immediate problem . then something attract he attention . 90 . int . kitchen -( day ) - mo . shot one of the chef be stare at he ina rather unfriendly manner . this man immediately turn and start to move along the other chef and kitchen worker . here and there he stop to whisper something . as he speak to each one , they give a half turn and look across toward robie . then they turn back to resume they task . 9 int . kitchen -( day ) - semi-closeup through the glass partition we see robie watch this process with sober expression . suddenly , without warning , a fresh egg smashes against the glass right over he face . the yellow goo appear to run down over he . he move slowly away , and we see a grim smile on he face . int . kitchen -( day ) medium shot from he viewpoint . no one pay any attention . the activity of the kitchen bustle on . 93 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) .- mo . shot robie 's attention be attract by the entrance of bertani , a heavy - set , rather dapper man . beneath he carefully choose wardrobe , and a certain professional air that be over - friendly and slightly comic , he strength as a leader of man be still evident . his eye quickly appraise robie 's rough attire . . bertani : Left in a hurry eh ? robie : they come for I a hour ago . bertani : the police ? robie : five of therm . bertani : very flatter . five . he stroll - to a wall mirror , check he tie and the hang of he coat . . bertani : they send only four to arrest bluebeard . robie : and he be guilty . bertani : ( friendly but point ) and naturally , you be innocent . robie : ( firmly ) I have not steal a piece of jewelry in fifteen year ! bertani turn from the mirror , react with a smile . bertani : ah—honesty . robie : it have a good feel . bertani cast a look toward he kitchen . bertani : what do you - think of my kitchen ? Works like a machine , yes ? robie : ( impatient ) bertani — bertani turn and interrupt . bertani : just like we little band in the resistance — cut , slice — but not good meat , like this . robie : have you ever go hungry , bertani ? bertani : ( chuckle ) me? permit I to serve you now . roti de veau marengo , pomme de terre nouvelle , et champignon de Paris . robie : you price be too high . now let 's get down to business . bertani stroll to he desk , look over a menu . bertani : the recent jewel robbery . entre nous , what do , you know about they ? robie : only what I read in the papers . bertani : ( look up ) but yet you run from the flic ? robie : the guilty have no monopoly on run . I need time — and distance . bertani : ( thoughtfully ) coincidence can be terrible . this rob - beries all bear you mark — but you claim to be innocent . robie 's face harden a little . robie I do more than claim , bertani — I insist . bertani : naturally — but let 's be frank . what do you need , robie , a alibi for the time of each robbery ? robie look at he a moment . the look be unfriendly . robie : well , thank you , bertani . you have be most unkind . if be ever hungry , I will eat someplace else . he start for the door . bertani quickly move around the desk and intercept he . he give robie what pass for a warm smile . bertani : I feel the good thing in here ... ( he tap he chest ) but say the bad thing . at this moment we see antoinette tapping - the window in the background . the headwaiter be stand beyond she desk , wait . bertani turn and open the door . antoinette hand he two or three chit to sign . 10 int . bertani 's office -( day ) - closeup robie turn he head and look out into the kitchen . 95 . int . kitchen -( day ) - medium shot Beyond the egg-splatter glass partition , we see a couple of the kitchen worker look around toward the office . they be La mule , the dishwasher , and one of the chef . they appraisal of robie be distinctly unfriendly . 96 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — closeup robie give they a challenging smile . bertani 's voice break in , cause he to turn back . the camera pull back as robie take a step or two towards the return Bellini . bertani : what can I do for you , robie ? robie : all I want be someone to look after my villa — pay ger - maine and the gardener once a month , and get a good price for my grape . bertani 's gesture indicate that the request be so simple that . robie should never have worried about it . bertani : simple . robie : if there 's any money leave — put it in the bank under another name . well , the flic might show up here any minute — bertani : ( interrupt , concerned ) and now — you need clothes and money ? ( indicate he own suit ) robie : I be well supply , thanks . he move a little toward the door , bertani stop he . bertani : take my boat and go to the island . robie : ( smile ) ''m think of go home to America . bertani : oh , that 's a long way — and you believe you could live without french cooking ? robie : I will have to struggle along on hamburger and malt . bertani : ( hold he stomach ) no , it be better I hide you . robie : ( smile , shake he head ) America . if my luck hold out . bertani : and if not ? robie : you ( nod toward kitchen ) and the boy will have win yourselves a villa—heavily mortgage . a expression of deep pain and concern come over bertani 's face . he go to the window face the kitcheri , the camera panning with he , and close in , until the screen be fill with he head and the yellow goo of the egg on the glass partition . bertani see the egg , and then quickly look around it into the kitchen . 97 int . kitchen -( day ) - medium shot from he viewpoint , we see the dishwasher , and two of the other kitchen helper , who have be stare at robie , turn back to they job self - consciously . 98 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — medium shot as bertani turn questioningly to robie , antoinette tap on the door . she open it , and , then say urgently , as she point out toward the restaurant : 11 antoinette : monsieur bertani ! Les client attendent pour avoir des table ! bertani : Excuse I , robie . Business call — happy sound . bertani turn and leave the office . robie turn , and the camera pan he over to the glass door that lead through the partition into the kitchen . 99 . int . kitchen -( day ) - semi-closeup robie stand in the doorway of the kitchen , the office behind he . his attitude clearly indicate that he be not in the least intimidate by they hostility . his attention be draw . to one of the young member of the kitchen staff . 100 . int . kitchen -( day ) - medium shot this kitchen helper be a boy about twenty . he be grin across at robie . he take a saucer and pour some milk into it . 101 . int . kitchen -( day ) - closeup robie look at the boy without display any emotion . his eye be catch by something else . he turn to see : 102 . int . kitchen -( day ) - medium shot the same wine waiter we meet when robie enter the restaurant through the garden . he be come up the cellar stair carry a couple of bottle of wine . he limp slightly . as he approach the camera , we hear robie 's voice off : robie : bonjour , foussard . foussard give a cold stare and pass the camera . 103 . int . kitchen -( day ) - closeup robie 's eye follow he briefly , and then stop as they see : 104 . int . kitchen -( day ) - medium shot a vegetable chef be in the act of twist the top of a bunch of carrot . as he stare at robie , he hand twist viciously and menacingly . 105 . int . kitchen -( day ) - closeup robie grin at this . we hear a voice from the other end of the kitchen . LA mule : allez-vous en , robie ! robie turn he head in the direction of the voice . 106 . int . kitchen -( day ) - medium shot at the dishwash sink , full of soapy water , with steam rise from they , stand a hairy mountain of a man . they call he La mule . his look toward robie be one of pure hatred . 107 . int . kitchen -( day ) - semi -long shot we now get a view of the whole kitchen . at the sound of La mule 's voice order robie out of the kitchen , the place fall quiet . work be forget as the chef and they helper turn to look at robie . foussard watch . robie stand he ground , keep he eye on the dishwasher . La mule carefully wipe he hand on he apron , and then pick up a plate . he smashes it in half against the sink , and advance on robie with a jag half of plate hold threateningly in he right hand . 108 . int . kitchen -( day ) - semi-closeup robie do not move . he guardedly watch La mule . 12 109 . int . kitchen -( day ) - semi -closeup La mule , come slowly , and threateningly toward the camera . 110 . int . kitchen -( day ) - closeup robie watch La mule . his eye dart down for a moment . 111 . into kitchen -( day ) - closeup robie 's hand slide behind he , and pick up one of the two bottle of wine just deposit there by foussard , the wine waiter . the hand come forward , and fling the bottle out of the picture . 112 . int . kitchen -( day ) - medium shot the bottle sail out toward the oncoming dishwasher . he be force , by instinct , to drop the break half of the plate , and catch the bottle of wine in both hand . 113 . int . kitchen -( day ) - semi -long shot the kitchen worker , despite they allegiance to the dishwasher , burst into sudden laughter at see La mule so neatly disarm and he menace attitude turn into confusion . int . kitchen -( day ) - semi-closeup this only serve to increase Li mule 's rage . he grip the neck of the wine bottle and advance farther toward robie . suddenly , the voice of bertani sound off : bertani : La mule ! pose cette bouteille et retourne a to vaisselle ! en vitesse , hein ! 115 . int . kitchen -( day ) - medium shot robie have turn as bertani beckon he back into the office . as robie start to go , he give one more glance at La mule , and then as a parting shot , pick up a glass and toss it out of the picture . 116 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) - semi - long shot through the open door we see La mule now catch the glass in he other hand . there be a few more laugh from the kitchen hand . as bertani close the door we see the wine waiter , foussard , cross and snatch the bottle away from La mule . we can not hear what he say , but he indicate that the wine be now so shake up it 's not usable . as La mule turn angrily away , the rest of the kitchen hand resume they various task . bertani close the office door , then mutter : bertani : c’est l’heure du dejeuner , pas de la rigolade ! robie : even they think I be operate again . the camera close in on they . bertani : well — once they be all in prison with you — so the police think ... robie : do not tell I . '' one bad apple spoil the barrel . '' bertani : ( nod ) but since the resistance , I have oblige all this man to be honest . I have beat honesty into they skull — I do not want they to break they parole and return to prison . robie : listen , if my parole be break , they 's ii throw the key away . bertani : remember , robie — some of they have family to think of now . 13 robie look out to the kitchen . robie : I would not put it past any one of they to be do the robbery themselves . bertani : ( chuckle ) simple men— without education ? no , robie . maybe kill somebody in the dark , but steal jewel , no . robie : ( turn ) and I would not put it past you . bertani bubbles with good humor as he check himself in he wall mirror again . bertani : I have restaurant , that 's enough . and I can not even climb stair now without — ( demonstrate puffing ) he turn back . there be a look of concern on he face . bertani : it 's time to go if the flic come . robie seem to be think to himself . robie : what I can not understand be how this thief can imitate I so perfectly . it have to be somebody who know every detail of my technique . ( look up ) maybe somebody in the police . bertani : ( chuckle at the think ) ah—voila ! robie : he pick the perfect victim — only the right stone —he go up wall , over roof , down through skylight — dress in black — leave no clue , and disappear in the night . bertani : just like John robie , the cat . robie : ( flashes ) you do not believe I any more than the rest ! bertani : ( appear distress ) robie , you be nervous as a c— ( smile ) I nearly say '' cat '' . robie : I know . ( he pace , think ) the imitation be so faultless I sometimes wake up think I do the job myself . ( with some bitterness ) and | do not like run , hide and leave a trail of doubt in everybody 's mind . bertani : I shall defend you when I can . robie : bertani — the only true defense a man have be he own action . he move restlessly . bertani : ( sincerely ) John , sometimes a fellow must run . ( he look off nervously out toward the restaurant ) robie — the police — any moment . robie : if somebody catch this — imitator , we would all be off the hook , would not we ? bertani : surely . robie : nobody believe I — and the police be chase the wrong man . someone 's get to start chase the right one . bertani : you could not do more than the police ! 14 robie : the police always get to the scene of a job after it happen . with this kind of a thief , that 's a waste of time . bertani : how could you move around the cote do azur ? — they be all look for you . robie : they be look for I in Paris fifteen year ago and I give they a pretty good chase . bertani : one day he will make a mistake . robie : ( shake he head ) I only make one mistake . if he know so much about I , he will not repeat it . ( Long pause , then ; ) bertani— there 's only one answer . I should have see it sooner . I have get to find this imitator myself — and find he quick ! bertani : ( throw up he hand ) you be mad . how could you catch this other cat ? robie : ( get warm up ) there 's only one way . anticipate he move . get there ahead of he , and then find he with he hand right in somebody 's jewel case . robie pace away , and then return to bertani who be watch he performance with fascination . bertani : ( shake he head ) huh uh . if they catch you , nobody will believe what you say . robie : who believe I now ? bertani : ( a thoughtful pause ) suppose they catch you — and the robbery continue ? robie : I would be a free man in a hour . bertani : you believe so ? 117 through 121 omitted . 22 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — closeup robie stare at bertani , a little puzzle . bertani 's voice continue : bertani : think of this . if iam you imitator , and you be catch — what be it I do ? robie have catch the implication . robie : hmmm . 123 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — closeup bertani watch robie 's face . bertani : I stop steal — and they never find I . 121 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) closeup robie be thoughtful for a moment . then he say : robie : you have a rare skill for inspiring confidence . robie move away , around the room , as the camera pull back and include bertani . bertani 's eye follow he . robie : the biggest problem be time . I have get to hit this copy - cat before he know I be after he . 15 he pace , think . robie : to catch he in the act . I need better information than he have . the kind it take month . to dig out . bertani : like — who have jewelry that deserve to be steal ? robie : ( add , quickly ) where they live , which room they keep the stone in , and what time they usually go to sleep , how much they drink , whether they have dog , gun , servant , insurance — he run out of word . he walk away , stop , turn back . during this , bertani have seat himself at he desk . he open the drawer , and begin to rummage through it , a thoughtful look on he face . he seem to find what he be look for . he take out a visit card , study it . robie come forward quickly and lean over the desk the camera close in . robie : come on , bertani — what have you get ? bertani : you make I remember . two day ago a man come into my restaurant . ( smile ) I do not like he . robie : why ? bertani : he call I to he table ; he ask I about crime and criminal . I ! a respectable , honest , restaurateur ! robie : ( smile ) see what it be when you past catch up with you , bertani ? bertani : then he ask I insidious question , I refuse to answer . but then , he offer — his speech be break by a sharp tap at the door . 125 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) - semi - long shot antoinette be open the door . bertani turn in he chair . antoinette : monsieur bertani , le commissaire lepic est dehor , dan le jardin ! robie immediately move toward the kitchen side of the office , out of sight of the restaurant . bertani rise quickly and go to the door behind antoinette . 126 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) - semi closeup bertani look out into restaurant . 127 . int . restaurant -( day ) - long shot in the distant garden , lepic be talk to the headwaiter . his assistant , mercier , be scan the restaurant and the customer . 128 . int . kitchen -( day ) - semi long shot foussard , the wine steward , hastily enter the kitchen . he step quickly from the chef to the dishwasher , indicate the arrival of the police . there be consternation among all of they . 129 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — - medium shot bertani turn from the doorway to the restaurant . he go past robie and open the kitchen door . he see the alarm among the kitchen hand , then motion foussard over to he . bertani : ( to the kitchen help ) continuez votre travail , vous autre . et laissez- moi faire . je vais lui parler . 16 he turn to foussard as the wine steward arrive . bertani : ta fille n’a pas encore fini de dresser l’inventaire de la cave , hein ? foussard : non , mais je not veux pas qu ’elle soit melée a— bertani interrupt impatiently ; bertani : tu prefere san doute passer la nuit en prison ? there be no answer . bertani : conduis monsieur robie aupre d’elle . he turn to robie . bertani : foussard 's daughter will take you out of here by boat . robie : where ? bertani : the Beach Club in Cannes . wait for a phone call there . the camera pan bertani back to antoinette as robie take he exit follow foussard . in the distance , we see lepic approach the desk of antoinette . bertani arrive , and engage lepic in animated conversation . we see bertani protest at the untimely arrival of lepic . 130 . int . wine cellar -( day ) — medium shot in the foreground , danielle , sit atop a short ladder , be use a clipboard to take inventory of the wine . behind she be the stair lead down from the kitchen . she turn as she hear she father and robie descend . 131 . int . wine cellar -( day ) - semi closeup shoot up at danielle 's face , which register surprise . moreover , she do not move off the ladder . she be a well - build french girl , of perhaps twenty - four year , with a frank and attractive face . her light summer dress , although not expensive , express a definite taste : to show that she be not one of bertani 's regular employee . 132 . int . wine cellar ( day ) - medium shot the two man approach she , and the camera pull back and up to include she in the picture . robie smile at she , but she watch she father , who quickly say , point upwards foussard : Les flic viennent de s’amener ( nodding to robie ) ... il recherchent monsieur robie . danielle descend the ladder , the camera go down with she . foussard : bertani veut que tu be conduise en canot jusqu ’au Beach Club . she turn a blank face to robie , who wait , genially . she look back to she father , as if to say , '' be you serious ? '' foussard seem to take he annoyance with robie out , on he daughter . foussard : eh bien , qu ’est - ce que tu attend ? t’as compris ce que je t’ai dit ? dépéche-toi ! danielle shrug lightly , then soften and smile at she father . then she hug he affection - ately around the shoulder with one arm . they exchange glance that show they fondness for each other . danielle look at robie briefly , then turn and move for the back of the cellar , glance over she shoulder to say : danielle : okay . let 's go , mister cat . 17 robie move quickly after she , the . camera goe with he . robie : do I a favour , danielle . do not call I a cat . without turn , or stop , she answer he : danielle : I only do one favour a day . she swing open a low door at the far end of the cellar . strong daylight flood in . we get a impression of the Mediterranean beyond . by now , robie have reach danielle . he take she by the shoulder , and turn she around . robie : look — if you do not want to do this ... she lower she shoulder to get it out from under he hand . she look at he innocently . danielle : do I brush you fur the wrong way ? 133 . int . bertani 's office -medium shot through the glass partition we see lepic , follow by a anxious bertani , enter the kitchen . he move to the center of the kitchen , and then , one by one , call several of the kitchen help toward he . slowly , they face impassive , they gather around lepic . he wait a moment for someone to speak . no one do . then , quickly , and angrily , he jab a fore - finger at each one of they in a threaten manner . they remain expressionless . 134 . ext . waterfront -( day ) - long shot shoot from the garden of the restaurant , we see a twenty - five foot speedboat make a wide , sweeping turn out into the Mediterranean . robie and danielle be the passenger . 135 . ext . restaurant garden -( day ) — closeup a big head of mercier , lepic 's assistant . he be still scan the restaurant when the SOUND of the motorboat come to he . he turn sharply toward the Mediterranean . he wait a moment , then turn and run from the camera . he meet the exasperate lepic emerge from the restaurant proper , follow by a suave bertani . mercier speak to lepic quickly , jerk he head in the direction of the mediter - ranean . both man hurry out of the restaurant garden toward they police car , the camera panning they . 136 . ext . side road - ( day ) - medium shot mercier and lepic hurry down the side road of the restaurant toward they wait police car . lepic open the door and reach for the radio telephone . 137 . omitted 138 . ext . side road - ( day ) - close shot on the side road that run down the back of the restaurant , lepic be lean into the police car and talk vigorously into the dashboard microphone . his french be too rapid for we to understand what he say . 139 . ext . mediterranean -( day ) - medium shot a very low camera , just skim the water line , take in the full length of a speed - boat . the spray fan upward from the bow , almost obscure the passenger . we can just pick out the name on the side of the boat , through the film of water . it read '' mazuis mouse '' . in the background we see the coastline , and the high mountain beyond . we be round one end of cap ferrat . int . speedboat -( day ) - semi closeup 18 shoot across the passenger . danielle be in the foreground steering , while robie sit in the seat beyond . she handle the boat quite well , and appear to enjoy herself . some of the spray fall on both of they . she do not seem to mind . he wipe some of the water off he face . robie : you be get we wet ! she laugh , but do not slow up a bit . danielle : it must be true what they say . cat do not like water . he give she a look of annoyance . robie : danielle : robie : danielle : robie : danielle : robie : danielle : robie : danielle : robie : danielle : tl thank you not to mention that word again . a man should never regret he past . lonly regret one thing . that you never ask I to marry you ? that I ever take the time to teach you English . you only teach I the noun . I learn the adjective myself . the word '' cat '' be a noun . not the way you use it . for you it mean excitement , danger , escape ... affluence ... ( she turn , pleased with herself ) what do you think of that word ... affluence ? it mean wealth . ( squint at she ) what 's on you mind ? oh , nothing . I be just think about you ... imagine you in you expensive villa , enjoy life — while we work like idiot for a loaf of bread . ( lose some humor ) I work for a live , too — raise grape and flower . — and emerald , and diamond , and pearl — angrily he reach over and quickly shut off the motor . the speedboat come to a slide stop , and the silence be sudden . the boat move gently up and down with the slap of the water on the hull . robie : danielle : robie : danielle : School 's open again . Professor robie will now conduct a class on '' bad manners '' — or , '' how to get spanke in a hurry '' . ( smile challengingly ) you can not touch I . I have graduate . ( after a pause ) you go to South America ? ( frown annoyance ) the Beach Club at Cannes . I have always dream of go to South America . the people say it 's virgin country . robie look down a moment in frustrated think . danielle : he look up at she . I can cook , sew , be generous to you at the good time , keep my mouth shut , and pedal steal jewel at the black market . 19 robie : danielle : he show a trace of anger . robie : danielle : robie : danielle : robie : danielle — you do not think I be responsible for all this recent robbery . I think so , yes . along with you father — and the rest of my resistance pal . but there 's one great difference . they be furious with you . I be not . ( take a deep breath ) danielle , listen carefully . I steal once , a long time ago . I go to jail . and they could not even keep you there — could they ? '' they '' have nothing to do with it ! maybe you be too young to remember . at least , I think you father tell you . the sound of a small airplane be hear . they both look up . danielle turn back to robie . danielle : robie : danielle : robie : danielle : robie : danielle : robie : danielle : robie : want I to believe that fairy tale ? about the german bomber who hit the prison by mistake ? and let you all free ? ( she laugh lightly ) I can show you where some of the character in that '' fairy tale '' be bury . but you be more smart — as usual . you convinced they to join the resistance Army . ( sternly ) I do not talk to anybody into join the maquis ! I join because I want to make up for some thing I would do . you ought to know that . I do not know what you want . | know what you get — pardon that be not worth anything . they be not pardon — they be parole . and we fight six year to earn they ! that of we who be still around for the graduation . ( maliciously ) that parole do not have much value today — euh ? as yet , they have not be withdraw from circulation . no South America ? ( shake . head '' no '' ) the Beach Club at Cannes — if you please . she shrug , and step on the starter of the boat . danielle : well , in that case , we should hurry . this airplane up there , it probably belong to the police . he whip he head around fast , and look up towards the sound of the plane . the motorboat start , and move forward . 141 . ext . mediterranean -( day ) - long shot the airplane be beginning to descend toward they in a wide , sweeping circle . 20 142 . int . speedboat -( day ) - medium shot robie move swiftly out of he seat , and through the too small bow of the boat . 143 . int . speedboat -( day ) - semi-closeup danielle glance up and over she shoulder to the oncoming plane . 144 . ext . mediterranean -( day ) - long shot the plane sweeping down toward the speedboat . 145 . int . speedboat -( day ) - medium shot in the foreground danielle be look up at the approach plane , and beyond she , peeping through the door , robie also look up . 146 . ext . mediterranean -( day ) - long shot the plane zoom down almost into the camera . 147 . int . speedboat -( day ) - medium shot danielle at the wheel , and robie peer out . we see the plane rise , and turn beyond . danielle : if you be catch , would you be angry with I if I pre- tend that I be go to give you to the cop anyway ? 148 . int . speedboat -( day ) — closeup robie look at she with a straight - face amazement . robie : from the sound of thing , you probably be . 149 . int . speedboat -( day ) — closeup robie , unperturb : robie : good . what he come by again — wave to he . 150 . int . speedboat -( day ) - semi closeup she remain impudent . danielle : suppose he 's not my type ? 154 . ext . speedboat -( day ) closeup he 's a little irritate with she . robie : Wave to he anyway ! Act as if you be a pretty girl out for a ride . 114 - 9 . int . speedboat -( day ) - semi-closeup she look down at he . innocently . danielle : I think that maybe there be a reward . it would be silly to let a perfect stranger profit by it . 150 . int . speedboat -( day ) — closeup robie try to peer out into the sky , as he reply : robie : do not buy any new clothes with the money yet . what 's he do now ? 151 . int . speedboat -( day ) - semi closeup she look up , turn she head to follow the plane , and with she eye on it , she say : danielle : he be come back over we . she turn back to he with a smile . 155 . int . speedboat -( day ) - semi-closeup 21 robie 's viewpoint , shoot from the forward compartment of the boat . danielle be seat in the foreground at the wheel , and beyond she , the airplane be swoop down once more . in response to robie 's command , she prepare to wave at the airplane and the pilot . but she add something of she own - crossing she leg , and pull she skirt up somewhat . then she wave gaily . the plane roar down behind she , pass over the boat at a very low altitude . 156 . int . speedboat-closeup -( day ) his eye watch the plane . robie : not that pretty ! we want to get rid of they ! 157 . int . speedboat —-medium shot -( day ) danielle , and robie who put he head cautiously out of the compartment doorway . robie : how much farther to the Beach Club ? danielle : oh ... maybe fifteen minute . robie disappear from the doorway , into the forward compartment . his voice be heard. off . robie : ( louder ) uh huh . now when you get there , pull close in shore and move around with the other boat . danielle : and then ? robie : then I be get out . I will leave my clothes with you . 158 . int . speedboat-close -up -( day ) danielle smile with mild surprise . danielle : and I think you hope to be inconspicuous . 159 . int . speedboat -semi-closeup -( day ) robie come into the doorway , and hold out a pair of bathing trunk . robie : nobody will ever recognize I n this . where 's the plane now ? 160 . int . speedboat -semi-closeup -( day ) she glance up briefly . the SOUND of the plane motor be some distance away . danielle : it 's go higher over the coast . 161 . int . speedboat -semi-closeup -( day ) robie , stand in the doorway , start to unbutton he shirt . robie : after I get on the beach , wait until it 's safe — then bring my clothes in . he start to turn away from the doorway , then think of something that make he turn back . he speak with mock concern . robie : oh. uh ... sorry about that reward . 162 . int . speedboat -semi-closeup -( day ) she smile at he sweetly . danielle : there 's still time . 163 . int . speedboat-closeup -( day ) he grin back at she , and close the compartment door behind himself . lap dissolve to : 22 164 . ext . beach medium shot -( day ) robie , float face upwards on the water . we hear the SOUND of other bather and child off . 165 . ext . beach-closeup -( day ) a alert robie be scan the sky . 166 . ext . sky - long shot -( day ) a airplane , too high in the sky to identify , have complete a circle and be move away out to sea . 167 . ext . beach-medium shot -( day ) robie allow he foot to touch the bottom , and he push himself into a upright position . the water be quite shallow . he walk casually out of the water , up the beach , the camera panning he . as he move away , and be lose among the other habitue and bather of the Beach Club , we get a full impression of the Club and its surroundings . 168 . ext . beach-medium shot -( day ) robie find a open spot on the beach , and recline on the sand . he stare at the sky once more . Beyond he , perhaps twenty - five foot away , a girl be half - kneel , half -sitting under a beach umbrella . her hair be cover by a bandana , and she wear dark glass . the most startling thing about she , next to she natural physique , be she simple but elegant bathing suit . she be put sun tan oil on she shoulder . her movement be unhurry . 169 . ext . beach-closeup -( day ) robie 's eye be not turn in she direction , but be look the other way , as though anticipate the arrival of someone . presently , two bare male leg come into the picture . robie 's eye look up . 170 . ext . beach-medium shot -( day ) from he viewpoint , shoot straight up from the beach , we see a young frenchman in he early twenty . in short bathing trunk , he display a tan and extremely muscular body . as he look down at robie , he say quietly : claude : m’sieu—téléphone . 171 . ext . beach -( day ) - medium shot Claude turn away as robie rise and follow , brush the sand from himself . 172 . ext . beach -( day ) - close shot the girl in the dark glass pause with she bottle of oil . slowly she head turn as she follow robie 's progress up the beach . although we can not see she eye , she interest in he seem more than casual . 173 . ext . beach office -( day ) - medium shot robie pick up a phone from the open counter . he speak guardedly into the receiver . we cannot distinguish he few word . there be some activity around he . people be get towel , buy candy , cigarettes , cold drink , etc . 171 . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — closeup bertani sit at he desk . we get a impression of the kitchen beyond . the egg have be clean off the glass partition . he speak cautiously into the phone . bertani : the man with the information you want will wait for you at the entrance of the flower market in Nice . he will find 23 you . I tell he you would be toss a piece of money in the air . 175 . ext . beach office -~( day ) - medium shot robie listen to bertani on the phone . the camera move in until the head and shoulder of Claude , who be stand by , fill the screen . he be try to be casual , and at the same time hear the phone conversation . his eye briefly study robie . fade out . 176 . omitted . 177 . omitted . 178 . omitted . fade in 179 . ext . flower market -( day ) - long shot the crowded , colorful and busy flower market in Nice . into the foreground , a hand appear hold a coin . it begin flipping the coin casually into the air . 180 . ext . flower market . ( day ) - semi-closeup robie be look around nonchalantly for the man he be suppose to meet . the coin flip up into the bottom of the picture occasionally . 181 . ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot a little way from one of the entrance to the flower market be a public phone booth . a man step out of it . he be mercier , lepic 's assistant , and he watch robie . 182 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi closeup robie be still flipping the coin , look around anxiously for he contact . 183 . ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot nearby , with he back to the camera , a man be bend over a flower display , examine the blossom . he be dress in good taste , although a little formal for the riviera in the summer — a light business suit , homburg hat , bow tie . still bend over the flower , he turn in the direction of robie , and reveal a alert and friendly face . he sport a small mustache . he speak one word : hughson : tail ? 184 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi-closeup robie catch the coin in mid-air , and bring it down on the back of he other hand . slowly he lift the palm of he hand off the coin . then he look across and nod to hughson with a grin . 185 . ext . flower market ( day ) - semi closeup the man straighten up and stroll over to robie . the camera pan he . the two be bring into semi -closeup . hughson : h.h. hughson — lloyd of London . robie : you be the man who know who have all the good jewelry around here ? hughson : we insure most of the important piece in this area . robie : insurance . tbat 's gambling , be not it ? hughson : a certain amount of betting — but very little gambling . 24 robie : hughson : robie : hughson : robie : hughson : robie : hughson : robie : hughson : robie : hughson : robie : he start to move away . robie : too bad . I have a long shot for you . a little help in return for some of you loss . so mister bertani tell I . interested ? the proposition be certainly intrigue — albeit a little unorthodox . do that mean yes , or no ? my dear Mr. robie — Smith . I beg you pardon . ever be marry ? no . and what do that have to do with '' yes or no '' ? it might help you understand my problem . I have two wife . felicity , God bless she — and the London Home office . I must return worthy of both of they . isee . and they would not approve of you give I a list of you rich client . officially , you come under the category of '' extremely bad risk '' . uh-huh . well , see you later , hughson . it 's always a pleasure to meet a insurance agent who enjoy pay off big expen - sive claim . 186 . ext . flower market ( day ) - semi closeup hughson hasten after the walk robie , the camera pull hack until he be alongside . robie continue to walk , the camera slightly ahead of they . hughson keep pace with robie . hughson : robie : hughson : robie : hughson : robie : hughson : robie : hughson : robie : however , unofficially , there 's hope for you . ( smile ) I be sure there would be . ( smile ) we be both take a big chance . really ? what happen to you , if I be catch ? well , I might be embarrassed . possibly even censure officially . and I could get eight year in prison . ( smile ) you make a bad choice of profession . then let 's have a understanding . I be do you the favor . I take all the risk ; you get all the jewelry . Mr. Smith — it strike I that only a honest man could be so foolish . thank you . robie glance over he shoulder cautiously . 157 . ext . flower market -( day ) - long shot 25 at the distant entrance to the market , we see two bob head of advance man , thread they way through the crowd . 188 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi closeup the camera be still moving along ahead of the pair . hughson have follow robie 's glance . robie increase the pace of the walk . hughson , understanding , keep up with he . the speed of they conversation increase with the speed of they walk . hughson : how much of a list do you need ? robie : only the top half - dozen name . hughson anything else ? robie : the address , habit — whatever you have get . of course , description of the stone and setting . robie look over he shoulder once more . 189 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi -long shot there be no doubt now that two detective be follow robie and hughson and be get much nearer to they . 190 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi closeup hughson also glance over he shoulder . instinctively , the two man move even faster . hughson : suppose it fall into the wrong hand ? robie : maybe it already have . unless you have be pull the thefts yourself . hughson : ( chuckle ) would not that be one on the Home Office . robie glance over he shoulder once more . 191 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi - long shot robie start to dash away , as the two detective come into the picture a few yard away . robie call out to hughson . robie : where be you stay ? hughson : the carlton — Cannes . the two detective brush past hughson , after robie . 192 . ext . flower market -( day ) - long shot a elevate view of a section of the market , with its mass of flower . we see robie hurry away from the two detective . he pull up short , as two new detective come into the picture from the opposite direction . for a moment , robie seem cornere . then quickly , he make for a side aisle . 193 . ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot from the ground level . robie dash down the side aisle , suddenly collide with a man carry a huge basket of freshly cut bloom . the basket be so big that we do not see the man behind it . 194 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi-closeup at the moment of impact , the flower fly into the air , and shower the screen with a cascade of color . the man be knock flat , as the flower clear the picture . robie turn and see he pursuer . 195 . ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot 26 from a high angle . two of the detective have run around the back while the other two be approach he from the main aisle . robie can do only one thing . he turn , and clamber into the middle of a flower stall , try to find a path of escape . he do not quite make it , be grab by two of the man , and drag back among the flower . by now the merchant and customer of the flower market be in a uproar . 196 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi-closeup the two other detective dive in , and now the screen be fill with a turmoil — leg , arm , flower and head . 197 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi-closeup atall , elderly french lady , dress in black , with apron , etc. , who seem to be the owner of the stall , be busy beat the man with a large bunch of lily . fortunately , the noise of the onlooker prevent we from hearing she french profanity . 198 . ext . flower market -( day ) — closeup , a grim , flower - cover robie , fight off the detective . he be slowly be subdued . 199 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi -long shot the old lady have drop she bunch of lily , and be call for someone to come to she aid . four or five husky flower vendor seem to answer she . they dash forward , and begin to tear at the struggle figure among the flower . they appear to be try to stop the fight . 200 , ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot suddenly robie find himself without attacker . he rise , and for a moment stand alone amid the debris of the flower , as the four detective be be assault . then , quickly realize he good fortune , he take advantage of it and continue he escape . he turn toward the crowd , look for a open . people move back in confusion and fright . the camera pan he through the crowd , and almost to freedom . his only pursuer be the old lady of the flower stall , shriek at the top of she lung . she grab he with both hand . despite she size , she seem to have a bulldog grip . 201 . ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot the flower vendor relax they attack on the police . the police get to they foot , and hurry off in pursuit of robie . as the police dash off , the leader of the flower vendor cross to hughson . the camera panning he , and hughson hand he some large franc note . 202 . ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot robie can not seem to shake the old lady loose without actually knock she down . before he can free himself , the police dash in and grab he . he be quickly pinion . 203 . ext . flower market -( day ) - semi-closeup hughson , who have be smile in satisfaction , look up to see robie 's capture . the smile die , and he turn in dismay to see : 201 . ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot the leader of the flower vendor , hand out hughson 's money for freeing robie . 205 . ext . flower market -( day ) - close shot hughson turn back in robie 's direction , he face a drama of dismay and unhappiness at have spend money that bring he nothing in return . 206 . ext . flower market -( day ) - medium shot 27 robie , be carte away by the police . the old lady stand shriek and shaking she fist at he . fade out . 207 through 227 omitted fade in : 228 . ext . robie 's villa -( day ) - semi-closeup a tight two shot of robie and hughson , sit on a low stone wall outside robie 's villa . the view beyond be interesting . there be a ice bucket between they , hold a bottle of champagne . each man holdsa glass , and hughson 's be empty . robie take the drip bottle out of the bucket , and proceed to pour the remain of the champagne into hughson 's empty glass . hughson put out a protest hand . hughson : please , my dear fellow . not in the middle of the day . robie say nothing , complete the pour . hughson make a gesture of gracious defeat . as robie replace the bottle , we hear the SOUND of a woman 's voice off : germaine : Le déjeuner est servi . 229 . ext . villa -( day ) - semi - long shot from they viewpoint , a smile germaine be wait on the terrace . 230 . ext . robie 's villa -( day ) - medium shot robie and hughson rise , glass in hand . robie : ( indicating drink ) bring it to the table with you . hughson , however , swallow the drink quickly . he smile at robie . then he put the glass down and follow robie . the camera pan they up to the terrace . 231 , ext . terrace -( day ) - medium shot robie and hughson enter the terrace and sit down for lunch . the . camera move in on they . germaine have laid a simple , but attractive , table . she have move inside the house to get the first course . 232 . ext . terrace -( day ) - semi-closeup hughson look about he with considerable appreciation . robie be busy uncork a bottle of red wine . as hughson glance around , he eye catch sight of : 233 . ext . terrace -( day ) - medium shot robie 's cat , which we see earlier , be sleep in a nearby chair . 234 , ext . terrace -( day ) - semi-closeup hughson turn back to robie . he gesture toward the sleep cat . hughson : under the present circumstance , do you think it pay to advertise ? robie look at the cat fondly . robie : he have not leave the villa in year . robie have pull the cork from the wine bottle and be now pour for both of they . the camera pull back slightly as germaine arrive with the first course . she place the cup of jelly consommé in front of they , during this , and leave . robie : like the place ? 28 hughson : immensely . it 's kind of a travel - folder heaven — where a man dream he will go when he retire . the two man eat and drink wordlessly for a moment . robie : now about that list of you client who have jewelry worth steal . 235 . ext . terrace -( day ) - semi-closeup hughson in the act of sip he wine , lower he glass , and look away with uncertainty . he turn back with a warm smile . hughson : why do not we enjoy we lunch , first ? there 's plenty of time . 236 . ext . terrace -( day ) - semi-closeup robie assume a philosophical expression . robie : I do not want to seem impatient , hughson — but in ten day I do have to come up with something pretty convincing for that examine magistrate . ( smile ) that 's a nice custom they have in France — provisional liberty base on insufficient evidence . during this germaine enter and take away the soup cup . 237 . ext . terrace -( day ) - medium shot as germaine move away , robie refill they wine glass . hughson : bertani say you be something of a celebrity in the Underground Army . the camera pull back as he rise from the table , and move over to the edge of the terrace , look out over the view . as he cross , he reply : robie : yes , I be in the resistance . hughson : ( almost boyish eagerness ) do you — uh — kill many people ? robie : ( without hesitation ) seventy -two . hughson , who be at this moment eat part of a roll , chew on it thoughtfully , and uncomfortably . robie turn . robie : I know what would have pleased you , Mr. hughson . hughson stop chew . robie : ( with a smile ) not one of they be insure . hughson smile back at robie 's little joke . 238 . ext . terrace -( day ) - semi closeup as hughson smile at robie , we see that he have quite a warm feel for he despite he questionable background . hughson : you be a man of obvious good taste in everything . ( indicating villa ) how do you — well , why do you ... 239 . ext . terrace -( day ) - semi closeup robie take a step or two towards he . robie : take up steal ? 29 hughson : ( off ) yes . robie : to live better— to own thing I could not afford — to acquire this good taste you now enjoy . 240 . ext . terrace , — ( day ) - semi closeup hughson be a little take aback . hughson : you mean you be frankly dishonest ? 241 . ext . terrace -( day ) - medium shot robie approach the table . at the same time , germaine appear , carry a quiche lorraine and two hot plate . robie : if you can call a man who climb the outside of a fivestory building , who cut he way through a glass skylight and escape over the rooftop with a small fortune in jewel , dishonest — yes . germaine have laid out the hot plate , and be cut the quiche lorraine . hughson throw robie a warning glance concern germaine 's presence . robie smile , shake he head for hughson not to worry about she . hughson : I think you have have some defense . some tale of hardship — you mother run off when you be young , you father beat you ... robie : no . I be part of a american trapeze act in a circus that travel Europe . it fold , and I be strand . so , I put my agility to a more reward purpose . hughson : you have no other defense . robie : for what it 's worth — I only steal from people who would not go hungry . germaine hold out the dish to hughson , who take he cut portion . she look up to robie who , with a gesture , tell she to serve he . she do , and leave the scene . hughson lift a knife and fork , then look up to robie . robie : I think you will enjoy that , hughson . it 's a quiche lorraine . hughson take a bite , and murmur appreciatively . hughson : wonderful . and the pastry — it 's as light as air . robie : germaine have sensitive hand — with a extremely light touch . hughson : I can tell . robie : ( casually ) she shot a german general once . hughson pause with a forkful of quiche lorraine . robie : ( continue ) at eighty yard . hughson 's bead be up , he mouth open . he look thoughtfully toward the house , and then slowly return to he meal . in a moment , he speak , try to get back to the main conversation . hughson : you — you be sort of a modern Robin Hood ? I mean , you give away most of the proceed of you crime ? 30 robie : ( shake he head ) kept everything myself . let 's face it . I be a out - and - out thief — like you . during this , robie have move over to the table , while the camera close in . he seat himself on the last word of the speech . 242 . ext . terrace -( day ) - semi-closeup hughson be a little shocked . hughson : now look here — 243 . ext . terrace -( day ) - semi closeup robie interrupt , with apparent innocence . robie : ever shortchange the butcher , by mistake ? 244 . ext . terrace -( day ) — semi closeup hughson 's shock melt somewhat . hughson : well , if a man make a mistake in count — robie lump in quickly : robie : but you do not take the money back ? ( before hughson can answer ) of course not . ever take a ashtray from a hotel ? or a towel ? hughson : souvenir — they expect that . but — robie : of course they do . be you go to deduct this lunch from you expense account ? robie smile mischievously at this . hughson open he mouth to speak . robie : of course you be not . it would be stupid . hughson take a good drink of the wine , and as he drink , appear visibly relieved . as soon as he put down the glass , robie hasten to refill it . robie : do you agree ? hughson : yes . robie : ( gently , but quickly ) you be a thief . hughson sit back in he chair and stare unbelievingly at robie . robie : only a amateur thief , of course — but it might help you have some sympathy for we professional . hughson : ( still a little stunne ) 1 do not think I understand fully — robie : look at it this way . you be sorry you shortchange the butcher , or take a ashtray from a hotel , be not you ? hughson : right now , yes . robie : and someday you will be sorry for not deduct this lunch from you expense account . hughson : I can not possibly deduct every little item from my expense account . I frankly could not spare the time . robie : someday you will wish you have . I be sorry for ever start in crime — I look back with horror on every job I pull — TI have since pay out more in regret than I ever take in precious stone — but that do not help , because I will never 31 stop pay for it . the world will not let I . every time a ashtray be miss from a hotel they do not come look for you — but let a diamond bracelet disappear in France , and they shout John robie , the cat ! you do not have to prove you honesty every day of you life . I do . he take a drink of the wine . then smile pleasantly at hughson . robie : now , shall we get down to business — the list ? hughson 's hand hesitates as it reach for he pocket . robie : something bother you ? hughson : ( after pause ) I tell the police what you be go to do . robie : I do not expect they to like the arrangement . hughson : you be wrong . they think it a splendid idea . robie be briefly thoughtful . hughson : they , of course , hope you will make a mistake — and provide they with the evidence they need against you . robie : it have to be something like that . he hold out he hand . hughson : suppose the whole thing go wrong ? robie : come on , hughson , we be waste time . hughson reach for he pocket slowly . he take out some fold papers , pass they to robie . robie take they eagerly , open they , scan the name and information . hughson watch he apprehensively . robie mumble and nod appreciatively at what he read . robie : quite a thorough job . ( he look up ) have some wine , hughson . hughson automatically reach for a wine glass , start to sip some wine . robie : wish I have know somebody in the insurance racket when I first start in the burglary business . hughson blanch , nervously put down the wine . hughson : tell I how you plan to operate ? robie : well , the cat have operate every place but Cannes . he 's due there . ( consult the list ) I think my first bait will be this Mrs. Stevens — the american woman with the dia - mond , and the daughter . ( look up ) know they ? hughson : I be have dinner with they tomorrow . would you like a introduction ? robie : hughson - in this business you can not do thing the honest way . remember that . ( look at hughson 's plate ) Mr. hughson , you be not eat . hughson have lose he appetite . robie carefully fold the list and put it in he pocket . lap dissolve to : 245 . ext . terrace -( day ) - close shot robie 's cat stir and begin to stretch itself . it stand up , arch its back . then it jump to the floor and start to move away . 32 fade out . fade in : 246 . omitted . 247 . int . carlton dine room -( night ) -medium shot at a table in the far corner , three people be seat . they have reach the coffee stage of dinner . the man we immediately identify be hughson , wear a tuxedo . with he be two woman , one middle - age , one young . both be extremely well - dress , but the older woman be conspicuous by a display of jewelry which she wear . the young woman wear not a single piece of jewelry . there be no distraction from the full force of she beauty . hughson : Mrs. Stevens , would not it be perhaps better if you leave some of that jewel back in the hotel safe ? Mrs. Stevens put out a cigarette she have be smoking . she put it out in she coffee cup . mrs . steven : stop act like a insurance agent . I do not buy this thing for my old age — I buy they to wear . the waiter come up with the check . hughson reach for some money . Mrs. Stevens stop he . she take the check and the waiter 's pen . mrs . steven : keep you money , hughson . you can cheat a little on you expense account . at this moment hughson look across the room . 248 . int . carlton dine room -( night ) - long shot his attention have be draw to a group of people who be rise to leave . they tip the headwaiter , who bow obsequiously , and go with they toward the door . they departure have uncover a solitary diner at the far side of the room . it be John robie . he be sip he coffee . 249 . int . carlton dine room -( night ) - semi-closeup hughson 's expression show a slight surprise , which he quickly control . he glance towards Mrs. Stevens and she daughter . the camera pull back to reveal that the mother be signing the check , and the daughter be busy put thing back into she small purse . mrs . steven : ( mutter ) service compris . service compris . hughson : what do that mean ? mrs . steven : it mean that every one from the vegetable scrubber to the manager get a tip whether they earn it or not . it 's the law . she finish signing the check . francie : mother , everywhere you go , you complain about tipping . mrs . steven : and I will continue to complain . ( hand waiter the check ) I have just pay for the privilege . she push she chair , preparatory to get up . mrs . steven : well , come on , let 's go over to the casino . I want to hit the table while they be hot . francie : why do not you just mail they the money ? the waiter move behind she to assist she with the chair . mrs . steven : no thanks , Pierre — I can not afford it . 33 Mrs. Stevens stand . hughson help drape a steal around she shoulder . she notice something across the room . 250 . int . carlton dine room -( night ) - long shot robie have rise , and be walk easily toward the entrance door , through a aisle of empty table . 251 . int . carlton dine room -( night ) - medium shot still look , Mrs. Stevens comment : mrs . steven : handsome . as francie stand , she look toward robie . francie : mother . mrs . steven : want I to buy that for you ? francie turn back with a look of annoyance . francie : maybe Mr. hughson do not care for gambling . hughson open he mouth to speak , but she interrupt . mrs . steven : everybody like to gamble — one way or another . she start away from the table , the camera panning . she pause slightly , say over she shoulder : mrs . steven : even you . francie and hughson follow she . francie drag she fur coat along carelessly by one hand . francie : I have a intense dislike for it . mrs . steven : francie , lamb — when the stake be right — you will gamble . hughson 's face show . some admiration for she rough philosophy . they walk along toward the entrance . 252 . int . carlton lobby -( night ) - medium shot the group be emerge from the dining room , and approach the camera , which pull back as they enter the lobby . Mrs. Stevens look about she , and then spot robie again . int . carlton lobby -( night ) - semi -long shot the camera be moving in time with Mrs. Stevens 's walk . we see robie , and one of the desk clerk stand by a jeweler 's show case . the glass door be open . the desk clerk be take out a piece of jewelry . 254 . int . carlton lobby ( night ) - medium shot the group move towards the camera , as it retreat . mrs . steven : handsome down there 's look at some of the hotel jewelry . not even worth insure , be it h.h . ? hughson : hardly . they walk along some more . they be now opposite robie . 255 . int . carlton lobby -( night ) - semi -long shot as the camera pass robie he be examine the piece of jewelry , and speak to the desk clerk . his voice be raise a shade higher than it need be . robie : Imitation ? really ? you mean costume jewelry ? what do you know ! the thing they make this day . why you can 34 hardly tell it from the real thing . better than anything we have back in Portland , Oregon . 256 . int . carlton lobby -( night ) - medium shot the group still walk toward the camera . without look back , Mrs. Stevens comment : mrs . steven : almost everything be . the group pass on out of the picture . robie be reveal in the background . he thanks the desk clerk , who put the jewelry back in the case . robie stroll toward the camera . lap dissolve to : 257 . int . municipal casino -( night ) -medium shot shoot across the roulette table , with the spin wheel , we see Mrs. Stevens back by the stand figure of she daughter and hughson . the croupier and the watcher sit to she right . amid the hubbub and the cry of the croupier , and the click of the ball , and the rattle of chip - one voice come out clearly : mrs . steven : I know I should not have stop here . baccarat 's my game . why do you let I get so close to this whirling pickpocket , anyway ? francie and hughson exchange glance of amusement . she watch the wheel spin . the ball drop . croupier : vingt-trois . Le numero vingt - trois gagne la mise . mrs . steven : ( slump a little ) would not you know ! hughson : well , shall we move along ? croupier : faite vos jeux . faite vos jeux . she hold up one remain stack of chip . mrs . steven : let I get rid of this . two spin . as she turn to place she bet , something catch she eye . 258 . int . municipal casino -( night ) -— medium shot stand on the other side of the table , and down a little from she , robie be just about to place a chip on a number . he pick a number , never look at Mrs. stevens. 259 , int . municipal casino -( night ) - semi closeup croupier : rien not va plus . rien not va plus . the wheel spin . mrs . steven : do not be so glum. , h.h. — just think , if I win I buy jewelry . if I buy jewelry , you get another policy and a commission . croupier : trente et un ! Le numéro trente et un . mrs . steven : ( wryly ) ''m what they call a '' good loser '' . immediately she start place tier last chip out . 260 . int . municipal casino -( night ) - semi closeup at the other side of the table , robie have a large rectangular chip poise in the air . he seem to be look over the number . seat in front of he be a elegant frenchwoman . for the briefest moment , robie look across at Mrs. Stevens . 35 261 . int . municipal casino -( night ) -closeup robie 's eye look down over the woman 's shoulder in front of he . 262 . int . municipal casino -( night ) — closeup the frenchwoman 's cleavage as see from he viewpoint . 263 . int . municipal casino -( night ) -— closeup the chip hold between robie 's thumb and finger . it move forward slowly , as though about to be place on a number . 264 . int . municipal casino ( night ) - medium shot Mrs. Stevens , she daughter and hughson . she be in the middle of select she last number . her chip be hold in she thumb and finger . there be a sudden female yelp . she look up quickly , as do the other around she . 265 . int . municipal casino -‘( night ) - medium shot from they viewpoint . the buxom frenchwoman have she hand clasped to she bosom , and be look around at a embarrassed robie . 266 . int . municipal casino -( night ) - semi long shot the attention of the whole table be hold by the incident , some wonder at the reason for the short scream . 267 . int . municipal casino ~-( night ) - semi closeup robie and the frenchwoman . robie : I be sorry , madam , I — ! he look around helplessly . 268 . int . municipal casino -( night ) -— medium shot Mrs. Stevens , she daughter , hughson , and other around they can hardly keep from smile at he confusion . 269 . int . municipal casino -( night ) - semi closeup robie and the frenchwoman . she look up at robie . woman : ne vous excusez pas , monsieur . ce n’est pas bien grave . she turn back to resume the play . robie stand , he finger poise in a undecided way . robie : but Madame — ( he turn helplessly to the croupier ) that be a ten thousand franc plaque ! 270 . int . municipal casino -( night ) -medium include the Stevens group and the-croupier . it be impossible for any of they to suppress they laughter . the croupier lean across and address the french -woman with a smile . croupier : Madame , ce monsieur dit il s’agit d’une plaque de dix mille francs . 271 . int . municipal casino -( night ) - semi closeup robie and the . frenchwoman . he look down at she expectantly , he finger still poise . robie : ( apologetically ) if you have rather not take my word — blush heavily , she reach for she pile of chip . hand he ten thousand francs 's worth . robie : and I will trust you , too . I will not count they . 272 . int . municipal casino -( night ) - semi closeup Mrs. Stevens be laugh heartily now . 36 k73 . int . municipal casino -( night ) - semi-closeup robie see Mrs. Stevens enjoy he discomfiture . he respond with a smile and a little laugh . 274-int . municipal casino -( night ) -closeup Mrs. Stevens 's general laughter become a personal exchange between herself and robie . contact . lap dissolve to : 275 . int . carlton bar -( night ) - semi -long shot the carlton Hotel bar be empty except for a group of four and a couple sit up at the bar . the camera move in until the table of four fill the screen . robie be now a member of the Stevens 's party . he sit between Mrs. Stevens and Francis . hughson be opposite Mrs. Stevens . Champagne glass be in front of robie and francie . hughson 's drink be a horse 's neck . Mrs . Stevens have a bottle of bourbon and a straight shot glass in front of she . mrs . steven : ( somewhat drunk ) if jeremiah be only alive —he have think all of this gad about from Palm Springs , to St. Moritz to the riviera —he have think all of it be foolishness . or , as he use to say , '' I would not be one of they silly society sap if they promise I I could live forever . '' she pick up the bourbon bottle , start to pour a straight shot . mrs . steven : well —he get he wish . she pour . hold it up . look across to robie sit next to francie . mrs . steven : where do you say you come from , Mr. burn ? robie : ( pleasantly ) Oregon . francie : ( quietly ) the rogue River . mrs . steven : jeremiah would have like you . a man with both foot on the ground . that 's what he be like . ( squint at drink ) unfortunately for he —he never know how valuable the ground be he have he foot on . we have a ranch — it be not very big , you see . francie : mother , please , be not it time — mrs . steven : Mr. burn would be very interested . we have a ranch . it be not very big , you see . no plumbing . a little thing out back . jeremiah will never know how close he come to twenty million barrel of oil . robie laugh , as do hughson . francie can not even refrain from something of a smile . Mrs. Stevens drink . put shot glass down . mrs . steven : bourbon 's the only drink . you can take all this cham - pagne and pour it down the English Channel . why wait eighty year before you can drink the stuff ? great vine - yard , huge barrel , aging forever — monk run around testing it — shipper , waiter — all so some woman in Tulsa , Oklahoma can say it tickle she nose . francie seem to want to leave . 37 francie : mrs . steven : robie : mrs . steven : hughson : mrs . steven : robie : I think we would better go to bed , mother . nobody call I jesse anymore . Mr. burn — would you call I jesse ? T would be happy to . Mr. hughson — would you call I jesse ? if you like . good . ( look away — then back ) stop worry . ( to robie ) Mr. burn — you say lumber . that 's right . she stare at he a moment . then , slowly and measure — mrs . steven : robie glance at Francis . mrs . steven : robie : mrs . steven : how come you have not make a pass for my daughter ? ( to Francis ) and do not say '' mother '' to I . ( she imitate Francis 's tone ) Mr. burn — I ask you a question . she 's very pretty . quietly attractive . but too nice . I be sorry I ever send she to finish school . I think they finish she there . Francis rise , seemingly not disturb . francie : come on , mother . Mrs. Stevens rise , a little unsteady , hughson put out a arm to steady she elbow . mrs . steven : she turn to hughson . mrs . steven : and so up to bed — where I can cuddle up to my jewelry . you know , Mr. hughson — as rare and wonderful as they be — I think I would rather have eighty thousand dollar worth of jeremiah . robie help francie on with she fur , as Mr. hughson help Mrs. Stevens on with she steal . hughson : robie : francie : mrs . steven : robie : mrs . steven : robie : mrs . steven : robie smile . lap dissolve to : ( stretch ) well , I think I will toddle along to my cot . ( to francie ) V would be happy to escort you to you suite . ( over she shoulder ) that 's very thoughtful of you — Mr. burn . ( to mother ) come on , jesse . ( to robie ) do you make much money at lumber , Mr. burn ? right now building be booming . ( thinks this over ) mmmm hmm . would you mind — if I have you — investigate — a little ? certainly not . any particular reason ? if I be francie 's age — you have sound too good to be true . 276 . int . HOTEL corridor -( night ) - medium shot 38 Mrs. Stevens , robie and francie be come down toward the camera . they stop at the door to we leave . Mrs. Stevens be unsteady . without even try the key , she hand it to robie . he take it , open the door . mrs . steven : thank you , Mr. burn — there be very little lumber around here . just why do you come to the riviera anyway ? robie : to meet someone as charming as you . mrs . steven : ( turn into doorway ) Boy ! now I be go to have you investigate ! she start to close the door behind she . robie turn to Francis . robie : be not you go in ? francie start to move away . the camera retreating . francie : I be down the other end . the door close behind Mrs. Stevens . robie walk after francie , and the camera goe quite a way down the corridor . it pass one door , and francie finally come to a halt at the third door which lead into the suite . she put she key in the lock . the camera pan she as she start to pass through the door . robie remain in the foreground . she stop in the open doorway , and turn to look back at he . she study he for a brief moment with a calm expression . then quickly step forward and press she lip on he . at the same time , the camera move in to big head . she break away , turn , enter the doorway and close it behind she . robie stare at the blank door . when he tarn back to the camera , there be a thoughtful look on he face , and a lipstick smear across he lip . he turn away , and retrace he step slowly up the hall , take a handkerchief out of he pocket to wipe off the lipstick . he slow up as he reach the door through which Mrs. Stevens go . 277 . into HOTEL corridor -( night ) - semi -closeup robie 's manner change , and he expression sharpen somewhat as he look at Mrs. Steven 's bedroom door . he turn away from the camera , and go a few step down the corridor . he stop at a open to he leave . 278 . int . HOTEL corridor -( night ) - medium shot shoot over he shoulder we see that robie be study a short corridor lead off the main one . it end in a set of french window . lead to a balcony . robie glance about he cautiously for a moment , and then proceed toward the french window . he open they , and move out onto the small balcony . 279 . ext . HOTEL balcony -( night ) - closeup robie begin a expert appraisal of the exterior of the building . he look up to he leave . 280 . ext . HOTEL balcony -( night ) -. medium shot the cope and wall of the hotel above the Stevens 's suite . the camera pan down a break in the wail , show pipe and facade that would afford some foothold . part of it be in bright moonlight . 281 . ext . HOTEL balcony -( night ) - closeup robie look thoughtfully at the hotel wall , and then swing he gaze up and to the right . 282 . ext . HOTEL balcony -( night ) - long shot a full moon and cloud . 283 . ext . HOTEL balcony -( night ) -closeup 39 robie look down from the moon , and to the street below . 284 , ext . HOTEL balcony -( night ) - long shot the street desert , except for a solitary figure of a policeman stand near a street light . 285 . ext . HOTEL balcony -( night ) -— closeup robie step back until he be a complete silhouette against the corridor behind he . lap dissolve to : 286 . ext . arooftop -( night ) - medium shot a black cat hurry along a cope , and then make its way up and across a sloping roof . lap dissolve to : fade in : 287 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) - medium shot a tableau of three people . Mrs. Stevens , robie and hughson , freeze for a brief instant . Mrs. Stevens be in a somewhat elaborate , but tasteful , dress gown . she wear a couple of expensive ring on she finger , and earring . there be a startle look on she face , as she stand near the window , and face the doorway . on one side of the room stand a portable tea service , with the remain of a petit déjeuner for three on it . robie dress in casual sport clothes , sit on a settee . he be also look toward the door , with a blank expression on he face , which border on surprise . stand in the doorway , hat in hand , be H. H. hughson . robie : how much do he get away with last night ? hughson close the door behind he , and advance into the room . he put he hat on a small table . hughson : the gem be insure for thirty - five thousand . in dollar . mrs . steven : ( shrug ) somebody win — somebody lose . robie : ( with a show of elaborate sympathy ) hughson , I sympathize with you — have to send bad news like that to you home office . 288 . int . steven sitting room -~( day ) - semi -closeup hughson look at robie slowly . hughson : I insure Madame leroux — personally . 289 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) - semi-closeup robie give he a friendly smile . robie : well , at least you know that the burglar— uh — what be it they call he ? the — uh — 290 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) - closeup hughson 's glance at robie be cold and unfriendly . hughson : the cat. 291 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) - medium shot the group . robie pretend that the information be important to he . 40 robie : oh yes . well , now you know he 's here in Cannes — ( smile ) — and get closer . ( with innocence ) that 's something , be not it ? hughson give robie a uncomfortable look . then he turn to Mrs. Stevens . hughson : Mrs. Stevens — would you — would you kindly keep you jewelry in the hotel safe ? 292 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) - semi-closeup Mrs. Stevens turn from the window , walk past the breakfast tray and snub she cigarette stub out in a uneaten fry egg . mrs . steven : and what do I do , Mr. hughson — wear the safe around my neck when I go out ? hughson 's voice be hear off : hughson 's voice : ( slightly embarrassed ) well , not literally . it 's just that — mrs . steven : that you insurance company go into shock every time something 's steal . if you have not any gut , you should not have take my bet . that 's what it be — a bet . now , do you want to welch ? hughson : if you jewel be steal , you will be pay , of course . but we could not replace the sentiment and affection you have for that particular piece . mrs . steven : Mr. hughson , I have no more '' affection '' for that jewel than I have for a train ticket that get I somewhere . she light another cigarette , and advance on hughson , smoke puffing out behind she like a train . the camera close in . mrs . steven : they be pretty , and they get attention . but most of all , they make it possible for my daughter to go to the right place without be ashamed of I . ( she turn away ) that be , too ashamed of I . 293 through 302 omitted 303 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) closeup , during she speech , robie , with a amused smile on he face , have get up and stroll to one of the window , the camera moving with he . he part the curtain slightly and look out and down . 304 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) - long shot on the street below , there be a man in civilian clothes talk to another man in a police uniform . they separate and take up station at different end of the hotel . 305 . omitted 306 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) — mo . shot at that moment , francie Stevens enter the room from the hallway lead to she bedroom . she wear a house robe . the camera pan she to the group . they all turn to face she . francie : good morning , Mr. hughson . hughson : ( a slight bow ) good morning , miss Stevens . francie : Mr. burn ? 41 robie : you send for I ? francie : I think we might go for a swim this morning , or if you be not athletic , sun bathing . robie : I think I can manage to stay afloat , thank you . mrs . steven : Mr. hughson 's be tell we about 'a jewel robbery last night — after we go to bed . francie : ( to hughson ) oh ? who ? hughson : ( unhappily repeat it ) a Madame leroux , wife of a high government official . thirty - five thousand dollar . francie : too bad . ( to hughson ) you should find a more happy business . mrs . steven : that famous jewel thief — the cat — be loose again , they say . francie : ( cheerfully ) mother , you be next . mrs . steven : ( shrug ) I be insure . 307 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) — closeup there be a pain expression on hughson 's face . 308 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) — closeup robie 's expression seem to sympathize with hughson , then it seem to shrug and turn its attention to Francis . robie : I have better get my bathing trunk and meet you in the lobby . francie : ( smile at he ) all right . pll just throw on something unusual and be down in a few minute . robie : Fine . camera pan robie over to the door . robie : well , goodbye , Mrs. Stevens . good hunt , hughson . robie open the door . hughson hurry over to he . hughson : oh , just a minute , Mr. burn . uh—were not we be not we — go to — to — ? robie : ( pleasantly ) what ? 309 , int . steven sitting room -( day ) - semi-closeup include hughson and robie . hughson be confuse by robie 's lack of cooperation . he be catch between be frank and expose robie , and irritate at robie 's maliciousness . hughson : well , last night - do not we discuss — th — go up — ( he get a sudden idea ) — go up on the funicular railway ? robie : ( frankly ) Mr. hughson , I can not even spell funicular . hughson : ( desperately ) well , what be you go to do this after - noon ? robie reach for the list in he pocket . robie : I be down the estate Agents . they give I a list of furnish villas for rent . 42 310 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) - semi-closeup francie show some interest in this comment . francie : oh , do you plan that long a vacation ? robie : I might retire here . ( consult list ) of course , they say some of this villas be not in too good repair . for example , many of the roof need careful examination . 311 . int . steven sitting room ( day ) - closeup hughson 's exasperation with robie be dangerously near the explode point . 312 . int . steven sitting room .-( day ) - medium shot Mrs. Stevens shoos the two young people out of the door . mrs . steven : will you kid get out of here ? robie smile at she as he go out the door . hughson still do not see anything funny about the circumstance in which he find himself . before he close the door , robie turn , look back to hughson . robie : do not let it spoil you day , Mr. hughson . it 's only money — and not even yours , at that . he close the door with a smile . hughson 's small point mustache twitches . lap dissolve to : 313 . int . carlton lobby -( day ) - mo . shot the elevator open to reveal francie . robie be obviously surprised at the very startling outfit wear by francie . she step out of the elevator expectantly ; he hesitates and look around the lobby apprehensively . finally francie speak . francie : shall I ask the social director to introduce we ? robie : oh , no — no — I - uh—was just try to find the best way out of here . francie : ( point toward the main entrance of the hotel ) well , the Mediterranean always use to be that way . robie : I be a gambler — let 's try it . he take she arm and they start for the door . robie be quick to notice that people be stare at they . 314 . int . carlton lobby -( day ) - medium shot from he viewpoint , two man , in ordinary business suit , be stand look in he direction . they immediately start a conversation between themselves . 315 . int . carlton lobby -( day ) - semi-closeup robie and francie . they walk nonchalantly towards the camera which retreat as they walk . francie be conscious of they be watch . she look off to they right . 316 . int . carlton lobby -( day ) - medium shot from she viewpoint . seat in a chair , by the showcase , be a middle - age man who be look at they , casually . 317 . int . carlton lobby -( day ) - semi closeup francie look ahead a little self - consciously , while robie be look suspiciously at this man . robie theft look across in another direction . there be a slight change of expression . 43 318 . int . carlton lobby ( day ) semi long shot the undermanager of the hotel , engage in conversation with a woman resident , look up over she shoulder toward robie. 319 . int . carlton lobby -( day ) - semi closeup robie alone . he be now more alarmed at be so carefully scrutinize . afraid that francie will notice something wrong , he half turn to she with a smile , about to say something , when movement behind they catch he eye . he turn to look over he shoulder . over he shoulder , we see the same two man who be stand by the elevator . they be casually strolling down towards he . robie turn back with a expression of concern on he face . the camera pull back to include francie . he stop walk , turn to she . robie : I will turn in my key . he come forward , . and go out of the picture . 320 . int . carlton lobby ( day ) - medium shot robie approach the reception desk , where the clerk be busy with another customer . robie put down he key , and ask : robie : anything for burn ? four fifteen ? the clerk reply in break English . clerk : I will look , sir . the camera move in as robie turn and look about he cautiously , but casually . his expression start to change . 321 . int . carlton lobby -( day ) - semi long shot from he viewpoint , we see francie stand , glance into a showcase . all the man in the lobby , and also the woman with the undermanager , be stare not at he but at the startling sport clothes which set off francie 's rare beauty . 322 . int . carlton lobby -( day ) closeup he visibly relax , and smile inwardly at he melodramatics . he turn at the sound of the clerk 's voice . clerk : letter for you , Mr. burn . robie : thank you . over robie 's shoulder , we see the clerk hand he a ordinary white envelope . robie turn back to the camera and begin open the letter . the camera pull back until he hand be in the picture . he take a note out of the envelope , read it . 323 . insert the note be make up from word cut from the London Daily mail - and paste on a plain piece of paper in the form of a weather report . '' forecast : a new low pressure area moving in . STORM cloud gathering . possible thunder and lightning and heavy precipitation . outlook : unpleasant . weather - man suggest : get out of town and move to a better climate . '' 34 , int . carlton lobby -( day ) — closeup a high camera show robie 's head fill the screen . he 's still look at the note , he head tilt down so that we do not see he expression , but merely the attitude of the head . fade out 44 fade in : 325 . ext . beach -( day ) - long shot the camera be skimming the top of a quantity of gaily color beach umbrella . we see the stretch of curving beach , and the harbor of Cannes beyond . the beach be not too heavily populate , it be a little early in the day for the big crowd . the camera slowly lower and bring into view a big head of danielle foussard , the little french girl who drive robie in the motorboat from the restaurant . her gaze be intent on something specific in the distance , down the line of umbrella . danielle wear a startling french bathing suit . 326 . ext . beach -( day ) - semi long shot from she viewpoint . resting on two chaise - longue be robie and francie Stevens . francie be beautiful in she stylish bathing suit . robie wear a terrycloth sun coat . the two seem to be talk pleasantly , although we cannot hear they conversation . 327 . ext . beach -( day ) — closeup danielle try to attract robie 's attention by gesture . 328 . ext . beach -( day ) - medium shot robie 's eye glance up for a moment from francie . he see danielle 's gesture . 329 . ext . beach -( day ) - semi closeup danielle be satisfied that he have see she . she move off with a meaningful expression , the camera panning she down toward the water 's edge . 330 . ext . beach -( day ) - semi closeup as danielle reach the water 's edge , she look back in robie 's direction . 331 . ext . beach -( day ) - long shot from she viewpoint , we see robie rise in the distance . he be say something to he companion about go into the water . she half rise on she elbow , but apparently he have persuade she not to come with he . he turn and start to take off he terrycloth coat . 332 . ext . beach -( day ) - semi closeup danielle turn and run into the water . she start to swim out toward a float . 333 . ext . beach -( day ) - medium shot danielle swim into the picture , and proceed to climb on the float . the camera move in until she be in closeup . danielle follow the approach robie with she eye . as they lower , indicate he proximity , we cut to : 334 , ext . beach -( day ) - semi closeup robie 's head , just above the water , make the last few stroke toward the float . he put a hand out and take hold of the.edge , just below danielle . he sack up . danielle : you perform a very beautiful burglary last night . robie : strictly routine . danielle : you be marvellous . last night you steal a small fortune — today you lie on the beach with a american beauty . robie : which be why one need a small fortune . danielle : ( nodding toward the beach ) be this you next victim ? 45 robie glance back to the beach . 335 . ext . beach -( day ) - long shot from robie 's viewpoint . francie , rest on she elbow , look out in he direction . 336 . ext . beach -( day ) - semi closeup robie look back to danielle . robie : let 's just say she 's a wealthy friend . danielle : you know , you old pal of the resistance , who work at the restaurant , they call the police all sort of wick name when they have to let you go yesterday . robie : would it be bad manners to ask who tip off the police in the flower market ? danielle : they would never say anything to the flic . you know that . robie : somebody do . danielle : but still they would be very happy , if you be catch during you next job . robie : it 's good to know I have friend . danielle : perhaps it would be better that you be catch . robie : any particular reason ? danielle : ( nonchalantly ) | hear some talk in the kitchen . they say — what a pity if they must kill a cat . ( look at he ) they will do all they can to avoid the prison . robie : ( shake he head ) the police want I in jail , , the boy want I dead , the cat want I out of town — danielle : how do you mean — the cat want you out of town ? robie : he send I a note this morning . it seem thing be about to get rough around here . danielle : then do not you think it 's foolish to remain here — without know what will happen to you ? but if you be in South America , with I , you would know exactly what will happen . robie : you make it sound dangerous either way ? danielle : ( smile ) it would be so much nicer to be kill by love . no ? robie hit the side of he head with the palm of he hand . robie : pardon I , while I get the water out of my ear . danielle : ( earnestly ) John , you know what sort of man they be at bertani 's . another robbery , and they will do something to you . robie : I think I would better get back . 337 . ext . beach -( day ) - long shot francie be no longer there . 338 . ext . beach -( day ) — closeup his eye scan the beach . he have a slightly puzzle look . danielle 's voice be hear over this . 46 danielle : what have she get more than I —except money ? and you be gather plenty of that . the camera pull back to include she , as robie look up with irritation , and reply : robie : danielle — you be just a girl . she 's a woman . danielle : ( shrug ) why do you want to buy a old car ? if you can get a new one cheaper ? it will run better , and last longer . he look at danielle with some amazement . then he turn , scan the beach again . he be puzzle . robie : it look like my old car just drive off . a splash of water be hear , and a voice sound off : francie : no it have not . it just turn amphibious . he turn quickly toward the voice . 338a . ext . beach -( day ) - medium shot francie be stand , neck deep in the water , have just come up from beneath the surface . francie : ( smiling ) I think '' come out and see what the big attraction be . 338b . ext . beach -( day - closeup robie 's face , , as he study she , wonder how much of they conversation she might have overhear . he glance up towards danielle . francie 's voice be hear off : francie : and possibly even rate a introduction . this bring robie to the present , and he look to danielle , say : robie : Mademoiselle — 3380 . ext . beach -( day ) - medium shot the three of they , as he move toward Francis , and danielle jump down in the water to meet Francis . they group together in a little triangle , just they shoulder and head show above the water . robie : ( to danielle ) | do not think you tell I you name . danielle : ( look at he , then at francie ) danielle fouisard . robie : May I present miss francie Stevens . francie : how do you do , miss foussard . she put out she hand , and the girl shake hand under water . francie : Mr. burn have tell I so little — about you . robie : I only meet she a couple of minute ago . danielle : that 's right — only a few minute ago . francie : and you talk like two old friend . but that 's warm , friendly France for you . robie : I be — I be ask she about rent some water skis . would you like I to teach you water ski ? francie : ( smile ) I be woman 's champion at sarasota , Florida — last season . robie : oh , I see . well , it be a idea . 47 francie : be you sure you be ask about water skis ? from where I sit it look as if you two be conjugate some irregular verb . she look from one to the other . danielle 's face be not friendly , but she do not speak . robie : say something nice to she , danielle . danielle : ( flatly ) she look a lot older up close . robie can not help laugh , but francie lose some of she humor . francie : to a mere child , anyone over twenty might seem old . danielle : a child ? shall we stand in shallower water , and discuss that ? robie be enjoy the conversation immensely , perhaps too much . francie : enjoy yourself , Mr. burn ? robie : well , uh it be pleasant out here — the sun and all . francie : well , its too much for I . Ill see you back at the hotel . robie : I will go with you . danielle : but , Mr. burn you do not finish tell I how french woman be more seductive than american woman . Francis be go in a quick dive . she swim quickly away toward shore . robie turn to watch she , and then look back at danielle with anger . danielle be go . she have duck down under water . suddenly he foot be pull out from under he , and he fall beneath the water . danielle pop up , laugh and happy at he discomfort . lap dissolve to : 339 and 340 omitted 341 . ext . beach -( day ) - medium shot robie come out of the beach cabana , with he light summer coat over he arm . he lock the door , then put on he coat as he turn . as he approach the camera , he put the key into he outer pocket . then a cautious think come over he face . he reach to he inner pocket , and come out with the list of jewelry owner give he by hughson . he look at it with some relief . then , he stop , and emotion drain from he face as he notice something on the list . 342 . insert the top corner of the list have a wet thumbmark . 343 . ext . beach -( day ) -closeup robie look about he . his eye come to a stop . 344 . ext . beach -( day ) - semi -long shot Claude , exercise on the horizontal bar . he be unaware that robie be watch he . 345 . ext . beach -( day ) - semi-closeup robie replace the list in he pocket , and stroll over to Claude , the beach attendant . the camera pan he . 346 . ext . beach -( day ) - medium shot as robie approach Claude , the latter stop he exercise , to take the key which robie hold out to he . Claude seem relaxed , and there be no particular expression on he face . 347 , ext . promenade -~( day ) closeup 48 a detective be lean over the rail , look down at , the cabanas below . he be obviously watch robie and Claude . we see by the travel of he eye , that robie have leave Claude , and be move away to the right . the detective 's eye turn to they fullest extent in follow robie . he then straighten up and move away out of the picture . lap dissolve to : 361 . ext . carlton HOTEL -( day ) - semi -long shot a group of people on the bottom step be just disperse to uncover francie Stevens stand in the center of the step . she look smilingly in robie 's direction . she be now dress in a summer frock . robie enter the foreground , and the camera follow he up to she , until they be in two shot . her smile of greeting be friendly . francie : do you think you have time for I now ? robie : ( smiling in return ) sorry I be so long out there on the float . francie : from what I see of that girl , I think you have be a lot longer . robie : yes . well , now about cocktail . six o'clock suit you ? francie : we can talk about that on the way . he look at she quizzically . robie : to where ? francie : to rent you a villa . for a brief moment , he do not know what to say . robie : uh , miss Stevens — pick out a villa be a personal thing , and — francie : I have my car , and the hotel pack we a basket lunch — with beer , and chicken , and — robie : nonsense , miss Stevens . it 's too much to expect of you . it will be a tiring , dusty trip through mountain road — francie : where you be bound to get lose — a perfect stranger — who do not know a word of the language — robie : I be go to hire a English -speak chauffeur . francie : you have one . and I will give you a wholesale rate , with no tipping . 362 . ext. , carlton HOTEL -~( day ) - semi-closeup robie 's eye wander slightly to the leave , as he see : 363 . ext . carlton HOTEL -( day ) - medium shot the two detective watch they from the distance . during this we hear : robie : I must say , the term be generous — 361i . ext . carlton HOTEL ( day ) - semi-closeup robie 's eye glance in the opposite direction . 365 . ext . carlton HOTEL -( day ) - semi -long shot . lepie and hughson have pause in they conversation to observe robie . 49 366 . ext . carlton HOTEL -~( day ) - semi-closeup robie turn back casually , and continue : robie : too generous to refuse . francie : ( smile ) my term usually be . robie : where 's you car ? francie : ( point ) right there . robie : ( look toward car ) well , I guess there 's no way to get out of it gracefully . let 's go . the camera pan robie and Francis over to she car — a flashy convertible . they get in and drive off . 367 through 372 omitted 373 . int . police car -medium shot -( day ) shoot across two detective wait in the front seat . there be . the sudden buzz of the radio-telephone . the detective not behind the wheel reach for the phone , say hello , and listen . he quickly hang up , nod to the driver who start up the car . they both turn toward the street , look across they shoulder , as if wait for another car to pass they . we hear the other car pass . they immediately start off to follow , the camera panning they . in the distance we can see the open convertible contain Francis and robie . lap dissolve to : 37i . ext . grande corniche road - long shot -( day ) a spectacular shot show the convertible follow at a discreet distance by the black police car . 375 . ext . grande corniche road -medium shot -~( day ) the black police car follow at a reasonable pace . 376 . int . police car -semi-closeup -( day ) the two detective , they head inclined toward each other in barbershop quartette style — sing . they be harmonize a lively french song . at the same time , the driver be careful to keep he eye on the road . 377 . int . police car -medium shot -( day ) the windshield and hood in the foreground . we get a distant impression of the convertible way ahead . 378 int . convertible-medium shot -( day ) francie and robie be seat quietly , just look ahead at the road . finally francie speak : francie : I have be wait all day for you to mention that kiss I give you last night . robie look at she . robie : you know back home in Oregon , we would call you a headstrong girl . francie : back home in Oregon , I would have clear out long ago . robie : now do not knock my home state . where be you bear ? francie : in a taxi , half - way between home and the hospital . 50 he have no comment . she turn , smile at he . francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : T have live in twenty - seven different town and city . somebody chase you ? boy . well , you can stop run now . when I be ten , father die , and they strike oil on we land . then I really start to travel . now the boy 's father be chase you . yes — but I begin to get the uncomfortable feel they only want to get they hand on my money . I be impressed . on second think , back home in Oregon we would have call you a rich headstrong girl . ( he smile at she ) that would make it all right . money handle most people . you honestly believe that ? T have prove it . and do not go think I be just a spoiled play - child of wealth : sure , we have money — but we have common sense first . never doubted it for a minute . you be a singular girl . be that good or bad ? good . quite good . you have what we call at home '' a mind like a steel trap '' . you know what you want — you start out after it — and nothing stop you until you get it . you make it sound corny . you be a jackpot of admirable character trait . T already know that . I will say you do , thing with dispatch — no waste preliminary . not only do I enjoy that kiss last night , I be awed by the efficiency behind it . I 'ma great believer in get down to essential . inviting I for breakfast — plan a swim — and now this drive — miss Stevens , you be one in a million . a routine compliment — but I will accept it . May I ask you a personal question ? T have be hope . you would . what do you expect to get out of be so nice to I ? probably more than you be willing to offer . he look at she closely . she show no reaction . robie : francie : ( after a pause ) | know . you be here in Europe to buy a husband . ( smile at he ) the kind of than I want do not have a price . 51 he relax against the seat , smile to himself . robie : well , that eliminate I . 379 . int . police car -( day ) - medium shot the detective who be not drive , have he open wallet in he hand . one by one , he be slip snapshot out of it , and show they to the driver who momentarily take he eye off the road . although we cannot see the picture , from they mutual reaction of pleasure and astonishment they must certainly represent something startling in the way of feminine display . suddenly the driver 's attention be catch by something more immediate on the road ahead . 380 . int . police car -( day ) - long shot shoot through the windshield and over the hood of the police car , we see francie and robie in the convertible , just turn into the gate of a huge villa . 381 . ext . grande corniche road -( day ) - medium shot the police car slide to a atop at the side of the road . the detective get out and advance cautiously . 382 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - long shot in the foreground , they car have just come to a stop inside the main gate . a long gravel walk lead to a grand , impose villa . the walk be line with attractive flower and tree . robie help francie out of the car . they start to walk toward the villa . 383 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi closeup as they approach the camera , which move back with they , we get a vague impression of the watch detective outside the gate . francie : you do not like woman who have brain and know what they want , do you ? robie : on the contrary . what think man like the beautiful - but -dumb type ? francie : only about four-fifth of the population . they like a woman beautiful enough to make they feel like casa - novas , but dumb enough not to know when they be — robie : ( interrupt ) be take advantage of ? francie : that 's the long version . 384 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - long shot the camera move at the same tempo of they walk toward the villa . 385 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi closeup the two continue walk leisurely . robie : you be absolutely right . give I a woman who know she own mind every time . francie : no one give you that kind of a woman . you have to capture she . robie : any particular method ? the camera pan they away toward the villa . they approach the step lead to the front door . francie : yes . but it 's no good unless you discover it yourself . 52 386 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi close - up Francis survey the front of the villa . francie : be you sure you have the right address ? robie half pull the list out of he pocket . robie : it be a little large , but it 's on the real estate agent 's list . she turn , reach quickly for the list . francie : let I see . hastily he push the list back into he pocket . robie : let 's look at the garden first . no need to bother the people . they start to move around the house . the camera panning with they . robie : with all you money , you should own a place like this . francie : palace be for royalty . we be just common people with a bank account . robie : that sound more like you mother than you . francie : there be not much difference between we but a few year and some grammar . they be now walk along the front of the house . 387 and 388 omitted . 389 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) — closeup a big head of robie . as he talk , he eye turn upward surreptitiously toward the roofline . 390 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi -long shot the camera pan down the slope of the roof , and over the edge to the top window . it move along the window . robie 's voice be hear over : robie : and jewelry . you never wear any . francie : I do not like cold thing touch my skin . robie : with you money you could probably invent some hot diamond . francie : I would rather spend it on more tangible excitement . robie : what do you get a thrill out of most ? francie : ( after a pause ) I be still look for that one . 391 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) — closeup robie 's eye lower from scan the building , and he be startle to discover that : 392 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) — closeup Francis be stare at he casually . francie : I think we be go to look at the garden . 393 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi-closeup the two . robie : I could not help be intrigue by the architecture . turn-of- the-century Mediterranean , I would say — with a touch of too much money . 53 3914 . ext . grande corniche road -( day ) - medium shot outside the gate , on the other side of the road , one of the two detective be watch . 395 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - long shot from the detective 's viewpoint , we see robie and Francis walk around to the side of the house . robie be look up , he head tilt towards the roof . 396 . ext . grande corniche road -~( day ) - semi -long shot the detective hurry back to he wait car . he open the door , lean in . 397 . int . police car -( day ) - medium shot the detective lean into the car , pick up the radio-telephone . he start to call in . he speak french . 398 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - long shot another beautiful view of the garden . robie and Francis strolling among the flowerbed in the distance . 399 , ext . sanford villa -( day ) — - medium shot robie and francie now seem to have become preoccupy in they conversation , and be barely look at the garden . francie : you never mention you wife . robie : never find the time to get marry . francie : you do not appear to be push for time now . he look at she , but do not answer . francie : or do you just come over to add interesting item to you diary ? like the name and description of that french girl you swim out to meet . they have now turn , and be approach towards the camera , bring themselves into closer shot . robie : ( smile ) you be husband -hunt , after all . francie : that be not jealousy you hear work — but only disap - pointment in you limited imagination . Teen -ag french girl yet . robie try to look properly uncomfortable , as they come in to a close two shot . francie : I will bet you snow she under . the big , handsome rich lumberman from America . I will bet you even tell she all you tree be sequoias . robie : that certainly sound like jealousy to I . ( look at she ) well , do not be ashamed of it . let it out . they both glance up casually at something in the distance . 400 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - long shot in the far distance , we see the tiny figure of a man emerge from a side door of the villa . he come towards the camera . he be so far away we can not see who he be . 401 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi -closeup robie and Francis , after a casual glance , resume they discussion . francie : you be somewhat egotistical . 54 robie : anybody near you would almost have to be . francie : ( enjoy this ) there 's hope for you yet . robie : miss Stevens — francie : yes , Mr. burn — ? robie glance toward the oncoming figure again . 402 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi -long shot the figure become clear as it approach . it be a heavy - build man . 403 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi-closeup the attention of the pair linger a little longer on the approach figure . then robie turn back and resume the conversation . robie : know what I think ? francie : about what ? robie : you. francie : I do not really care . despite himself , robie have to glance back to the figure again . she follow he glance . 404 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi -long shot the figure of the man have now become much nearer . it be nearly possible to identify he , if it be not for the fact that the brim of he hat shade he eye . 405 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - semi-closeup francie and robie . robie cautiously begin to express a slight uneasiness . Francis 's glance at the man , however , remain casual . robie : you care more than I do what you think about I . right , or wrong ? francie : you tell I . robie : I will . you be a insecure , over - pampere woman who think man only like she for she money — and be probably right . robie be now stare at the oncoming figure . he have not recognize he . 406 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) - medium shot it be bertani - the restaurant proprietor , who approach they . he be glance at they quite casually , without recognition . 407 . ext . sanford villa ( day ) - semi closeup robie be stare at the approach bertani apprehensively . francie bring he back to the conversation . francie : anything more ? robie : what you need be something I have neither the time , nor the inclination to give you . he stare back at bertani . 408 . ext . sanford villa ~( day ) - semi closeup as bertani approach the camera he give not the slight sign of recognition . as the camera pan over , bertani 's head and shoulder fill the screen as he pass out of the picture . 55 409 . ext . sanford villa -( day ) -— closeup robie , half -turn from the depart bertani stare ahead with a thoughtful look . over this we hear Francis 's voice : francie : and just what be that ? he turn completely to she . robie : two week , with a good man , at niagra Falls . lap dissolve to : 410 . ext . sanford villa gate -( day ) - semi long shot a little way up the road , away from the entrance gate , we see the wait police car . the two detective be in the middle of the road , and in some apparent scheme to hide they real identity , be play a game of soccer , use a medium - size stone as a ball . then , over this , we hear the sound of a car . the man look up , and suddenly , into the foreground , move across the picture , as it emerge from the gate , be the convertible carry francie and robie . it sweep out of the picture , to the right . the two man stop they game , and hurry to the wait black sedan . the ; jump in , and we hear the starter grind . the engine start up , and the car move away at a easy pace . 411 . int . convertible — ( day ) - semi closeup robie look at francie , who be drive . robie : I be hungry . let 's open up that picnic basket . francie : not until we get to the picnic grounds — robie : which you have already pick out . francie : which I have already pick out . he look forward again , he eye straying toward the side- view mirror . robie : be it far ? francie : a few mile . robie : ( look toward mirror ) uh-huh . Lonely and secluded ? francie : naturally . 412 . insert the side - view mirror on the right of the car . in it we can see the black sedan of the police appear in the distance . 413 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi closeup robie turn from the mirror to francie . robie : well , what be we dawdle along like this for ? francie give he a real sexy look . francie : that 's exactly what be run through my mind . she step on the gas . the car seem to jump forward . 414 . int . convertible -( day ) - long shot shoot through the windshield , we see the hood and the road ahead . the car begin to take the curve a little dangerously . 415 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi closeup robie half glance over he shoulder with a look of smug satisfaction . 416 . , int . convertible -( day ) - long shot 56 shoot over the back of the car we see the fast-retreate road . now and again we get a glimpse of the police car follow . it have also increase its speed . 417 . int . convertible -( day ) semi-closeup the two . robie turn back and glance at francie . she 's calm , but intent on she speed . 418 . int . convertible -( day ) - long shot shoot through the windshield . she take the next corner a little too near the center of the road . another car suddenly appear come around the corner toward they . 419 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi-closeup completely confident , francie swing the wheel over . 420 . int . convertible -( day ) - long shot shoot through the windshield again . the other car swing over , as francie 's car swing out toward the side of the road with a screech of the tire . int . convertible -( day ) - semi-closeup robie 's expression sober for a moment , but he manage to remain completely deadpan . 422 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi -long shot shoot over the back of the car , we see the car that have lust pass get back into the center of the road , and then proceeding on out of sight . we hear another screech of tire . 423 . int . convertible -( day ) semi -closeup robie , hearing the screech , smile to himself . he turn back and look ahead . int . convertible -( day ) - long shot through the windshield and over the hood , the hazardous and twist road rush toward we . 425 . int . convertible -( day ) -closeup francie enjoy herself . the wind blow she hair furiously . 426 . int . convertible -( day ) - closeup francie 's hand grip the wheel . 427 . int . convertible -( day ) -closeup robie 's hand on he knee . he wipe they slightly . 428 . int . convertible ( day ) — closeup robie 's sober expression . he turn and glance down tohis right . 1429 . int . convertible -( day ) - long shot prom he viewpoint . the vertical drop of the landscape from the side of the road . there be a sheer view of the coastline at the bottom . 430 . int . convertible -( day ) -closeup robie . he look down toward the front of the car . 431 . ext . convertible -( day ) — closeup the screeching front wheel of the car in the foreground turn at terrific speed . we see the wind road beyond . 432 . int . convertible -( day ) -closeup robie hold he breath . 433 . ext . convertible -( day ) — closeup 57 the back wheel of the car in the foreground , the retreate road beyond . the police car can be see in the distance . it be lose ground . 434 , int . convertible -( day ) - semi-closeup robie and francie . francie glance at he with a slight smile as though to ask '' enjoy the ride ? '' robie force a faint smile in response . int . convertible -( day ) - long shot through the windshield . around the next bend , the road suddenly turn into a village . less than a hundred yard away , a old lady be crossing the roadway . she carry a very heavy bundle , and move slowly . the camera bear down on she , but apparently she be deaf , for she do not look around . 436 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi-closeup a profile shot of francie and robie . robie lean forward in alarm . francie , however , be in control . 1.37 . int . convertible -( day ) closeup her foot bear down on the brake pedal . 438 . int . convertible -( day ) -closeup robie 's foot stretch out to do the same on the bare floor mat in front of he . 439 . int . convertible -( day ) -closeup robie strain back with the effort of put on the imaginary brake . 440 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi -long shot shoot through the windshield . the car come to a screeching stop within a few yard of the old lady . she turn and glance at they with a expression of a pedestrian 's right . 441 . int . convertible -( day ) - closeup robie . half glance over he shoulder . 442 . int . convertible -( day ) - long shot the car move on again and gather speed . we see the old lady complete she crossing , and the police car turn into the village in the distance . the old lady have drop something and decide to return to pick it up . the police car come to a screeching stop in front of she . 443 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi-closeup francie be now put on a extra burst of speed as they go through the village . robie wonder whether to suggest that they might be go a little too fast . he restrain himself . 444 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi -long shot through the windshield . the road ahead emerge from the village into the open mountain road -again . 445 . int . convertible -( day ) -closeup francie , she hair blow wild . 446 . int . convertible -( day ) -closeup robie 's eye half - close due to the pressure of the wind . 447 ext . convertible -( day ) - medium shot a low camera shoot toward the oncoming car , its wheel scream . underneath the car we see the police car in the distance . we lose it as the road turn . 448 . int . police car -( day ) - semi closeup 58 the two detective in they car rhythmically sway in unison as the car take the bend in the road . there seem to be some expression of terror on they face . 4j.19 . int . convertible -( day ) - semi closeup profile shot of francie and robie . the wind in they face , get wilder . 450 . int . convertible -( day ) semi long shot through the windshield the road be start to curve ahead . suddenly a chicken be see to cross in the distance . it stop on see the oncoming car , and decide to turn back . it just reach the side of the road in time as the car whizze by . int . convertible -( day ) - semi closeup the speed be get so great that robie have now make up he mind to say something . but first , he glance over he shoulder . int . convertible ( day ) - semi long shot see over the back of the car . the retreate road behind they . there be no sign of the police car . 453 ext . grande cornice -( day ) - medium shot the police car have come to grief . it be perch precariously astride the low wall above the sheer drop below . one slight tip and the car would be crash down thousand of foot . the door of the car be open , and both detective be safe and sound . one of that have the radio telephone to he ear . by he pitiful gesture he be explain to headquarters something of they problem . across the road , a chicken stand watch they . 454 int . convertible -.( day ) - semi closeup robie , now look anxiously ahead , speak to francie . both he and francie have to shout to make themselves hear over the rush of wind . robie : slow down ! francie : and let they catch we ? he look sharply toward she . robie : let who catch we ? francie : the police — in the black car . ( after a pause ) the one who be follow you . robie : I do not know what you be talk about . he look closely at she , with study innocence . robie : Police follow I ? conrad burn ? francie : ( smile ) no. Police follow you — John robie — the cat . 455 . int . convertible -( day ) - closeup robie 's face be blank . lap dissolve to : 456 . ext . LA turbie - ( day ) - long shot the car come to a stop at a magnificent view overlook monte Carlo . the spot francie have choose be quite isolate and shade by some tree . 457 . ext . LA turbie - ( day ) - medium shot 59 francie stretch she arm up and out into the air . then she take a comb out of she purse , and begin arrange she hair . she talk as she do this . francie : my , it 's a lovely day . ( take a deep breath ) do you ever see any place in the world more beautiful than this ? look at the color of the sea off there , and the sky , and that pink and green building on the hill . think of all the roof down there you could climb over . robie : who do you call I ? francie : robie . John robie . one of the world 's cleverest jewel thief — know as the cat . I have read all about you , in the Paris paper . robie : you might have read about somebody call the cat , but — francie : ( interrupt ) I think you be hungry . robie : iam . she take out the key , and hand it to he with a smile . francie : the picnic basket 's in the trunk . robie open the door , and start to walk around the car . the camera pan with he . he start to open the trunk . 458 . ext . LA turbie - ( day ) - semi -closeup francie comb she hair in the rear view mirror , and at the same time , watch robie . francie : I hope you try to bluff I , Mr. robie . then I can have the fun of tell you how clever I be . 459 ext . LA turbie - ( day ) — closeup through the rear view mirror , we see robie open the trunk in back . he pause in do so , as he reply : robie : since I be not Mr. robie , but W. burn , miss Stevens — there would hardly be any point in bluff you . nevertheless , tell I how clever you be . robie take out the picnic basket , and close the trunk . 460 . ext . LA turbie - ( day ) - semi-closeup francie turn , with delight , and lean over the back of the seat to face he . francie : well , the first thing I notice about you , be — her eye follow robie as he be move from the trunk to the front seat of the car . his voice be heard off : robie : ( interrupt ) do not sound so pleased with yourself . francie : I never catch a jewel thief before . it 's stimulate . it 's like , like — the camera full back as robie come into the picture and put the basket on the front seat . robie : like sit in a hot tub ? she laugh . there be something about she manner that seem flushed and exaggerated . francie : here , let I serve . 60 robie seat himself on the floor of the car , with he foot on the ground . his back be to she . she open the picnic basket . take out two bottle of beer and a opener , which she hand he . francie : robie : robie make no reaction to she the first time I see you be on the beach in Cannes . you swim ashore from a motor boat drive by that little french girl . ( look up to he ) do you want a leg or a breast ? you make the choice . revelation . he force himself to be outwardly calm and nonchalant . francie reach into the basket , and hand he a chicken leg . she take a piece of breast meat for herself . he have open the beer bottle by now , hand one to she . each of they take a bite of the chicken . she reach in the basket for some salt , and salt he chicken , and then hers . francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : that be two day before you show up at the hotel as Mr. conrad burn , just over from America . do you swim ? somehow , miss Stevens . you have lose I . now do not be disappoint , and act like Mr. burn . I can only be myself . then be yourself , John . I prefer conrad . you can not be serious . and it 's about time you call I francie . she eat some more of the chicken , then take a swig of beer . francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : T have to look out for mother . they have try to steal she jewelry before . when I read about the —uh , you — in the papers — just a small item but I pick it up — I be sure that mother would catch you eye . she do . because I like she . so far , miss Stevens — you have not say anything that even remotely sound clever . ( nod ) stick around . the next thing I notice be some - thing remarkable . all evening long , you only look at my mother — never at I . I kiss you , do not I ? I kiss you . at least I be not look at you mother . you be think about she . otherwise you have never have let I say goodnight so easily . T ’ma gentleman . a rough lumberman from the big Northwest ? T will remember to shout '' timber '' occasionally . now here come some of the clever part — ( she smile defiantly ) you be not quite convincing , John . you be like 61 robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : a american character in a English movie . you do not talk quite the way a american tourist ought to talk . all the guidebook say do not act like a tourist . it 's just that you never mention business , or baseball , or television , or politics , or tax , or wage freeze , or senate probe . everything I leave home to forget . you be just not american enough to carry it off . how long have it be ? since Boston win the pennant ? since you be in America last ? Three day ago . just after kukla , Fran and Ollie . and Oregon ? a week ago . the day they find a Communist in the Russian embassy . name I three deciduous tree indigenous to the North - west . you be a nice girl with too much imagination . if you go around talk like this about I , end up in a french jail for something I do not do . ( smile triumphantly ) be you go to rob mother first , or somebody else ? under the circumstance , somebody else . that 's nice . mother like you . — I think Lady kenton should be we next job . he put down the beer and chicken . robie : francie : robie : francie : now look — be not she on you list ? she ought to be . the kenton jewel be famous . I know every inch of she villa . I can already hear you next line . the cat have a new kitten . when do we start ? he turn , reach up and take she wrist . robie : francie : robie : francie : do not talk like that . ( pleasantly ) you be leave fingerprint on my arm . I be xot John robie , the cat . ( speak rapidly ) why be the police follow you ? show I that '' real estate '' list . that villa you go to be not for rent , and you know it . the sanford have own it for year — and I be go to a party there in a week — you have a very strong grip . the kind a burglar need . he relax he hand a little , but still hold she . he smile at she . he pull she down to he , and kiss she after they part : robie : that 's why you come out here , be not it ? 62 francie : we will have cocktail at eight — dinner at eight - thirty . allin my suite . we will talk about it there . robie : can not come . I be go to the casino and watch the fire - work display . francie : you get a better view from my place . robie : already get a date . francie : everywhere you go , I x11 have you page as '' John robie , the cat '' . he do not say anything to this . francie : eight o'clock . be on time . robie : I do not have a good watch . francie : steal one . she smile sweetly at he . lap dissolve to : 460a . int . bertani 's office -( day ) — close shot bertani be sit at he desk , phone , bertani : Excuse I . I could not speak with you today , Mr. robie . I do not know you new name . robie : ( filter ) I figure you have a good reason . bertani : who be the pretty girl ? robie : francie Stevens . her mother be load with catnip . bertani : I see you examine the villa sanford . you prepare—eh ? it will be a grand gala — many woman , rich jewel ! robie : I be count on it . bertani : this time we might help you — I and my boy . robie : in what way ? bertani : I supply drink and food . we shall be everywhere . robie : I might just need you . bertani : tell I then . robie : thanks , bertani . see you around . bertani : and bring miss Stevens in my restaurant for dinner . robie : not tonight . she 's make some small plan for the two of we . bertani : well , soon . bonjour . robie : bonjour . bertani hang up , chuckle warmly , as if the conversation have already become a pleasant memory . he rouse himself , and take up he paper work on the desk before he . fade out . fade in : 461 . int . steven 's sitting room -( night ) - medium shot robie and francie be stand at different window , look out on the harbor at Cannes . outside the corner window , where robie stand , we get a distant impression of a firework display at the casino . 63 in the foreground , a waiter be pass behind the two of they , push away a portable dinner table contain the use dish , glassware , etc. , of they dinner . right below the camera , and very prominent in the picture , be a empty sofa . waiter : bonsoir , Madame . francie : bonsoir . waiter : bonsoir , monsieur . robie : good evening . francie turn away from she window and cross robie to a standard lamp at the other side of the room . he half turn , watch she . as she walk , she say : francie : if you really want to see firework , it 's better with the light out . she snap out the light . then she cross and come down behind the sofa . robie turn again , he eye follow she . as she walk , she say : francie : I have a feel that tonight you be go to see one of the riviera 's most fascinating sight . she come into the foreground , pause in front of a table lamp , bend over it slightly . the jewel around she neck catch the light and seem quite prominent . she turn she head and look across at robie . francie : I be talk about the firework . robie : never doubted it . francie : the way you look at my necklace , I do not know . she. out the light , leave the room in darkness , except for what light come in from outside . her jewel still seem to give off a glow . she walk to she window , then half turn to look at he . francie : you have be die to say something about the necklace . go ahead . robie : have I be stare at it ? francie : no . you have be try to avoid it . he do not answer she , engage in watch another display of firework go off . the room be suffuse by the glow from the firework . he turn , take a look at she . the light from the firework die out . the camera move back slightly as robie turn from the window and go to a small bar at the far end of the room . robie : Care for some cognac ? 462 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - semi closeup francie finger the necklace abstractedly . francie : no thank you . some night a person do not need to drink . 463 . ext . STREET -( night ) - semi long shot a black cat move along a quiet sidewalk , seemingly keep close to the wall . 464 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - semi long shot francie still at the window . robie pour himself a drink at the bar . 64 francie : do not it make you nervous to be stand in the same room with twenty thousand dollar worth of diamond — and unable to touch they ? robie turn , face she . robie : ( simply ) no . he drink . she turn , look at he . francie : like a alcoholic stand outside a bar on election day ? robie : would not know the feel francie : all right . ( she begin painting a mood picture ) you have study the layout , draw the plan , work out the time - table — put on you dark clothes , with you crepe-sol shoe and you rope . maybe you face blacken . you be over the roof in the darkness , down the side of the wall to the right apartment — and then , the window be lock ! all that elation turn into frustration . the firework flash again , flooding the room with color light . her face seem animated and eager , although that might result only from the angle of the light . francie : what would you do ? robie : go home and get a good night 's sleep . francie : what would you do ? the thrill be right in front of you , but you can not quite get it . the gem glisten on the other side of the window . someone on the bed , asleep , breathe heavily . robie : ( flatly ) ?'d go home and get a good night 's sleep . 465 . ext . alleyway -( night ) - medium shot the black cat come to a stop and then leap to the top of some garbage can . it do not pause to eat , but move on into the darkness . 466 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - semi -long shot the two be in the same position as before . francie : would not you use a glass cutter — a brick — you fist — anything to get what you want ? know it be there , just wait for you ? robie pour himself another glass of cognac , drink some of it . francie : drink dull you sense . francie move closer to the couch . robie take a step down into the room . robie : and if I be lucky , some of my hearing . francie : Blue white , emerald - cut diamond . the setting , just hair- like touch of platinum . robie : I have about the same interest in jewelry that I have in horse -race , politics , modern poetry , or woman who need weird excitement . none . francie : hold this necklace in you hand and tell I you be not John robie , the cat . 65 she move a step closer to the couch . robie : sorry , ''m warming my brandy . francie : John — he do not answer . francie : tell I something . he take a step forward . his look seem to invite the question . francie : ( a little pleased with herself ) yow be go to rob that villa we '' case '' this afternoon — be not you ? — I suppose '' rob '' be archaic . you have say '' knock over '' . 467 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - medium shot through the corner window we see a brilliant display of firework shoot into the sky . the sudden light bathing the room reveal robie glance sharply at she . 468 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - medium shot francie have notice he glance . robie turn , put down he glass , then move a little closer to the sofa . his eye be on she all the time . she do not move away . francie : do not worry , I be good at secret . robie : have you ever be on a psychiatrist 's couch ? francie : do not change the subject . I know the perfect time to do it . this weekend . the sanford be hold they annual gala . everybody who count will be there . robie : I never learn how to count . francie : I will get you a invitation . 1.69 . ext . brick wall -( night ) -medium shot the black cat hurry along the top of a brick wall . 470 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - medium shot francie lean up against the back of the sofa . he be near the other end . francie : it 's a eighteenth century costume affair . there will be thousand upon thousand of dollar worth of the world 's most elegant jewelry . some of the guest will be stay for the weekend . I can get all the information . we will do it together . what do you say ? robie : my only comment would be highly censorable . 471 . ext . HOTEL balcony -( night ) - long shot the camera be now outside the window . this enable we to see the firework display more clearly . there be a big display of rocket . 1472 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) — medium shot Francis be now seat on the near end of the sofa . robie , stand , lean lightly against the far end . francie : give up , John . admit who you be . he do not answer . francie : even in the dark , I know where you eye be look . 473 . ext . firework -( night ) - semi -long shot 66 a nearer view of the firework enable we to see a large set piece burst into brilliant color . 474 , int . steven sitting room -( night ) - medium shot robie have just seat himself in the center of the sofa . the color of the set piece be reflect on the two of they . francie : come. over and look , John . hold they - diamond - the only thing in the world you can not resist . ( she pause , speak almost in a whisper ) then tell I you do not know what I be talk about . robie slowly put a hand out , and encircle she wrist . 475 . ext . firework -( night ) — - medium shot another set piece fill the screen . we be much closer to the firework this time . 476 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - semi-closeup the head and shoulder of francie and robie fill the screen . the two be look into each other 's eye . robie 's finger softly move down the side of she cheek , then down she neck . francie reach up and take he hand . she turn it , and kiss the fingertip . then she lift the necklace over they until the diamond rest in he finger . francie : ever have a better offer in you whole life ? one with everything ? 477 . ext . firework -( night ) — - medium shot we be closer to the firework which be now building up to a great intensity . 478 int . steven sitting room -( night ) - semi-closeup the two be in big head . robie move closer to she lip . robie : I have never have a crazier offer , I will say that . francie : just as long as you be satisfied . they lip all but come together . 479 . ext . rooftop -( night ) — - medium shot the black cat jump up on the edge of a roof and trot straight up toward the camera until it be in full head , fill the screen . 480 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - semi-closeup they lip be touch lightly . there be a slight smile of amusement on he face as . he say : robie : you know , as well as I do , that necklace be imitation . francie : well , I be not — John robie . she smile a little herself , then crush she lip against he . 481 . ext . firework -( night ) -closeup a veritable inferno of firework spin and whirl dervishly , throw off violent color . it ascend into a peak of intensity , and then die away slowly into red glow ember , and then darkness . lap dissolve to : 482 . int . HOTEL corridor -( night ) - semi-closeup robie be stand in front of open french window at the end of the short corridor lead off the main corridor next to the Stevens suite . he be smoking a cigarette , anc look out into the night . then he step out cautiously onto the small balcony , snap he cigarette out into the darkness ) and turn to scan the exterior of the building . 67 lap dissolve to : 483 , int . robie 's bedroom -( night ) - medium shot he be sit in the dark , next to the window . he appear : to be look out thoughtfully into the night . his bed have be turn back , but unoccupy . a flood of light suddenly fan into the room , and over he figure , as the door be throw open . robie , in complete control of himself , hardly move . he just turn he head carefully as he look toward the door . 484 . int . robie 's bedroom -( night ) — medium shot from he viewpoint . the figure of a woman stand frame in the doorway . 485 . int . robie 's bedroom -( night ) — medium shot robie rise to face she . 486 . int . robie 's bedroom -( night ) — medium shot she speak without move . there be no friendliness in she voice . francie : give they back to I . she advance into the room . 487 . int . robie 's bedroom -( night ) — medium shot the camera pan robie over to the door , as he say : robie : just what do you have in mind , Francis ? she do not move . francie : give they back to I . mother 's jewel . robie : I do not have they . suddenly and angrily , she attack he , almost sobbing . her fist beat he , and she try scratch , knee , anything she can think of . he fight she silently . he succeed in drag she into he room , and in close the door behind . Inside , he subdue she somewhat , press she up against the wall . the camera move in on the two of they . they be in big closeup . his face have become alive with strength . robie : when do it happen ? her disappointment force she to fight tear . francie : when I be asleep . he release . she , and start for the door . robie : let 's look . she reach after he , grab he arm . francie : there 's only one place to look — and that 's obviously here . the camera pull back as he wrench he arm away from she , then open the door . robie : help yourself . he 's go out the door . she stand press against the wall a moment , then reach for the light . she snap it on . slowly she eye travel around the room . lap dissolve to : 488 . int . steven sitting room -( night ) - medium shot Mrs. Stevens be just in the act of open the door that lead to the main corridor . robie arrive simultaneously . he pass into the sit room , and she close the door to behind he . the camera pan she in as she say : mrs . steven : do you meet francie ? do she tell you what happen ? 68 robie : ( look around ) yes . she 's downstairs now — search my room . Mrs. Stevens follow he , draw she negligee tighter about she . mrs . steven : well , that do not make sense . she say she know where my jewelry be . robie : she be wrong . ( finishes examine live room ) could I look at you bedroom ? mrs . steven : if it will do any good . I think we should call the police and the hotel manager . they always like to get in on this thing . robie : will you let I look around first , Mrs. Stevens ? mrs . steven : ( shrug ) I do not care . I have be just as happy if you do not find anything . robie , who have turn toward francie 's bedroom , stop , look directly at Mrs. Stevens . robie : why ? mrs . steven : I be a little tired drape that thing over I . it be exciting at first — but now I think it 's more exciting to have they steal . robie start for francie 's bedroom , Mrs. Stevens follow . the camera pan they . robie : and , of course you do not lose anything financially — with hughson around to make out the check . l.89 . int , francie 's bedroom -( night ) - semi closeup the camera dolly back with the two of they as they enter francie 's bedroom from the sit room . doorway . mrs . steven : I would be crazy to take this attitude if I do . robie look around . vaguely . he glance to he right . 490 . int . francie 's bedroom -( night ) - medium shot draped over the back of a dark green chair be the upper half of the bathing suit francie wear the same morning . it make we almost feel she 's in the room . 491 . int . francie 's bedroom -~( night ) - semi closeup the two continue through the bedroom , the camera pulling back with they . mrs . steven : why in the world do francie suspect you , Mr. burn — a simple wood cutter from Oregon ? robie : I be anything but that , Mrs. Stevens . my real name be John robie . I use to be a jewel thief . some year ago . the two be pass through the bathroom , as Mrs. Stevens 's voice boon off the tiling . mrs . steven : well , what a wonderful surprise ! robie : somehow , I can not get work up over it . the two have now enter Mrs. Stevens 's bedroom . the camera pull back until they be in medium shot . we see a little more of the room around they . robie give the room a search glance . Mrs. Stevens smile at he almost shyly . 69 mrs . steven : yes . he turn away , and look into the bathroom , check it . robie : he come down through the airshaft . mrs . steven : if you be not Mr. burn from Oregon , why do you call yourself he ? and not — what be that other name ? robie : robie . John robie . he turn back into the room . robie : where do you keep you stuff ? she point to a dresser . mrs . steven : the top drawer . watch out for fingerprint . robie : ( cross to dresser ) there will not be any . he examine the drawer , and the empty jewel case inside . Mrs. Stevens sit on the edge of the bed . robie : do they get everything ? mrs . steven : everything . francie must have know about you all along . robie begin examine the window and frame . robie : she guess today . ( he turn to she ) do you sleep soundly ? robie : Mrs. Stevens — mrs . steven : oh , I know the whole story . you want to go straight , but the gang will not let you . robie : in this case , the gang be the law — 492 . int . mrs . steven 's bedroom -( night ) - medium shot the door to the short passage open , and francie enter . she be still wear the imitation necklace . robie 's voice be hear over . robie : — and now that I think of it , you daughter . 493 . int . mrs . steven 's bedroom , -( night ) - medium shot the three of -them . francie : mother , do not talk to he . ( to robie ) do not touch any - thing . you be not go to cover up any clue . robie : there be not any clue to cover up . he come in there — ( point to bathroom ) — take the stone , and go out the same way . francie : you know how he get in here as well as . I do . robie : do you find anything in my room ? francie : I certainly do ! he look at she sharply . robie : not any of you mother 's thing . she stroll around the bed toward the both of they , the camera close in . her attitude seem somewhat smug . francie : you give they to you accomplice . but I do find that the clothes of Mr. burn — the american — all have french label in they . and — I find this ! 70 she produce the list from behind she . she address she mother . francie : a list of everyone on the riviera who have jewelry worth steal . ( she open the list ) listen to what it say about we . robie quickly move , grab the list away from she . francie : ( undisturbed ) what good be that go to do you ? you be already catch — I call the police from you room . I tell they who you be and what you do tonight . he look at she calmly , and with a straight face . robie : that will make great read down at police headquarters . he turn to Mrs. Stevens . francie : mother—his name be not burn —he 's a notorious jewel thief call '' the cat . '' Mrs. Stevens nonchalantly rise from the bed , get a cigarette from a nearby table . she reach for a match . robie and francie watch she . she have take the news quite easily . mrs . steven : and what 's he do here now , lamb ? if he 's already get the junk . she scratch the match , light the cigarette . francie : returning to the scene of he crime . Mrs. Stevens blow the smoke away , as she look at francie . mrs . steven : since when be love a crime ? francie burn with anger . 494 int . mrs . steven 's bedroom -( night ) - closeup robie smile from one to the other . his gaze , rest on francie , soften a little . 495 . int . mrs . steven 's bedroom -( night ) - medium shot the three again . Mrs. Stevens stroll to a chair , sit down , look up to Francis . mrs . steven : his name be robie — and for my money , he 's a real man — and not one of that milk sop you generally take up with . francie : mother — after all — mrs . steven : after all , my foot . why do you think we move so many time ? you father be a swindler — but a loveable one . ( look at robie ) if you ask I , this one 's a bigger operator — on every level . robie : ( smile ) thank you , madam . francie : ( to mother ) this be why I have have to waste half my life travel around the world with you ! to keep man like — like this away from you . mrs . steven : ( simply ) well , next time , let I run my own interference . look like the blocker be have all the fun . francie : ( to robie ) if she do not have any common sense , I — mrs . steven : ( interrupt loudly ) shut up ! she get up , stroll between the two of they . 71 mrs . steven : they be my bauble that be steal . if I do not care — why should you ? they be insure . ( she pause , take a reflective puff on the cigarette ) now , the real question be — where do we go from here ? there be a loud knocking at the outside door . Francis look across to robie with a grin . francie : to jail . she turn and leave the. room , head . for the front door , the camera panning she over . 496 . int . mrs. steven 's bedroom -( night ) - semi -long . shoot down the corridor to the main door , we see francie open the door and admit a assistant manager with two uniform and two plainscloth policeman . she turn , and beckon they to follow she . the group bear down toward the camera with a grim and business - like manner . the camera pull back a little as francie enter the bedroom . she stop short , with a bewilder look on she face . 497 int . mrs . steven 's bedroom -( night ) - medium shot Mrs. Stevens be sit comfortably in the bedroom hold a open book in she hand . there be absolutely no sign . of robie . she look up with a mock startle expression . 498 . int . mrs . steven 's bedroom -( night ) - semi -long shot the full room . the police crowd into the room behind francie . francie : where be he ? mrs . steven : ( innocently ) who ? 499 . int . mrs. steven 's bedroom -( night ) - semi-closeup francie be livid as she look at she mother . over this a policeman be heard , off : policeman : John robie. 500 . int . mrs. steven bedroom -( night ) - semi-closeup Mrs. Stevens shift she eye to the police . mrs . steven : never hear of he . 501 . ext . carlton HOTEL roof .~( daybreak ) —- medium shot in the foreground , a crouching robie be listen over the edge of the roof . Dawn be just break in the sky . there .is a touch of color from the rise sun . francie 's voice drift up from a open window below . francie 's voice : mother — the book you be read be upside down . robie do not wait for any further information . he turn and move over the dangerously steep roof with quick , sure , cat - like movement . he pass behind a nearby chimney . we see he continue on over the gable and roof with increase speed until he be lose from sight . over this we hear the excited voice of the french police hastily search the Stevens apartment below . fade out . fade in : 502 . int . lepic 's office -( day ) - semi -long shot a small office , now crowded with police detective . here and there a uniform man . the doorway be open , and beyond it we can see some secretary , a corridor , and some 72 newspapermen wait for a story . lepic be stand behind he desk , and next to he be he assistant mercier . lepic be in a high rage , and while he talk , there be a undercurrent buzz of excitement both in and outside of the office . lepic : j’ai bien envie de tous vous recommander pour une diminution de salaire — ou méme de vous faire fiche a la porte ! vous étes une belle equipe ! cent gaillard spéciale - ment chargé de surveiller un seul individu qui habite un des plus grand hétel de Cannes , qui entre et sort au nez de toute la croisette , et vous le laissez stupidement vous filer entre les doigt ! lap dissolve to : 503 . int . steven sitting room -( day ) - medium shot francie and Mrs. Stevens be in the sit room . they be stand some distance apart , and obviously in the middle of a argument . they eye flash , and they manners be belligerent . mrs . steven : what right do you have to tell the police that robie do the robbery ? francie : who else could have do it ? mrs . steven : we might be in France — but I be still a american legally . a man be innocent until prove guilty ! prove ! francie : that will not be hard ! mrs . steven : what 's bother you be that robie be the first man who would not fall down and roll over for you . francie : mother —he play both of we for fool and you know it ! mrs . steven : I know that you ought to be spanke with a hair brush and send back to a good public school where they could pound some sense into you during recess . francie : he 's a low , worthless thief ! mrs . steven : just what do he steal from you ? francie : oh , mother — I — mrs . steven : sit down while I tell you about life — and John robie ! ( a pause ; shout ) sit down before I knock you down ! lap dissolve to : 504 . int . bertani 's kitchen -( day ) - medium shot Three detective move into the kitchen at bertani 's restaurant . they take La mule and two other chef by the arm , preparatory to lead they out . LA mule : moi ? quest -ce que vous voulez que je sache ! vous vous imaginez que je passerais toute la sainte journée dan l’eau de vaisselle si j'avais volé pour plusieur million de bijoux ? the other two man be similarly protest , but the detective be overcome they vocal and physical resistance . bertani hurry into the kitchen . bertani : montrez voir vos mandat d’amener . detective : Les voici , Mr. bertani ! 73 he put the paper , down on a bench , and the three man be hustle out of the kitchen as bertani and the other watch with startle and frighten look . 505 . ext . the beach club -( day ) medium shot two detective be question danielle at a distance . she be protest that she know nothing about robie and he activity . she seem almost in tear . Claude step in between she and the police belligerently , but they turn on he with question that make he lose he bravery . Claude and danielle be in bathing suit . other people on the beach be watch the episode . although we cannot clearly distinguish the voice , it be evident that the detective mean business . 506 . int . robie 's villa -( day ) - medium shot two detective move through the doorway of robie 's villa . germaine try to block they way , but they push she aside , one of they shove a search warrant into she hand . germaine : vous n’avez pas le droit d’entrer ici ! attendez un peu que monsieur robie apprenne can ! ( she look at warrant in she hand ) qutest - ce que vous voulez que joen fasse de votre papier — je not sais pas lire ! one of the detective immediately begin search the room ; the other move toward a chest of drawer and abruptly stop when a black cat stand up in a chair hiss and spitting at he . germaine : et le chat not sait pas lire non plus ! lap dissolve to : 507 . omitted . 508 . ext . canne harbor -( day ) - long shot a lone figure sit out on the end of a pier extend into the gentle blue water of the . Cannes Harbor . the figure sit next to a tall brick tower , possibly a lighthouse . 508a . ext . canne harbor .~( day ) - medium shot shoot back toward the shore . the fisherman be John robie . another person stand in front of the brick tower behind robie . H. H. hughson . he take off he hat , and mop he forehead with a handkerchief . robie look forward without turn around . robie : do you believe I do the Stevens job ? hughson : until you send for I . if you have do it , you would hardly risk my bring the police with I . robie : thank you . hughson : as you have be safely in hide for several day ... why do you come out in the open ? robie : I need you help . hughson : perhaps I need you help even more . you see my superior at the London Office — robie lift a hand to stop he conversation . robie : this time I might solve some of you problem . possibly all of they . hughson : that 's too much to hope for . 74 robie : for three night I have be watch one of the villas on you list . hughson 's interest pick up . hughson : which one ? robie : the silvas — that South american couple . ( significantly ) somebody else be watch it too . I have see he in the dark — but have not manage to get close enough to catch he . hughson : have he see you ? robie : probably . I want to set a foolproof trap tonight — and I need the assistance of the police . naturally , I can not approach they . hughson think a moment , then look back to robie . hughson : how do you know he will be there tonight ? robie take out a fold piece of paper , hand it to hughson , interrupt he speech . robie : somebody give this to germaine , my housekeeper . hughson take the paper unfold it , and read : 509 . insert the note : robie -n’allez pas ala villa des silva ce soir ... cest amoi tour do faire le chat — pas a vous . 510 . ext . canne harbor -( day ) — medium close shot hughson look up . the note definitely interest he . hughson : what do it say ? robie : '' robie-stay away from the silvas villa . it 's my night to howl , not yours . '' hughson : who give it to germaine ? robie : it be leave in she shopping basket . robie quickly follow up the advantage of hughson 's interest . robie : look , hughson — get back to town . tell lepic to have the police surround the villa pampas sometime after mid - night . hughson : you be actually go there ? robie : of course . hughson : but robie — this note be obviously the bait for a trap . someone want you to go to the silvas tonight . robie : I know it . hughson : possibly to kill you . robie : ( after a slight pause ) will you talk to lepic ? hughson : ( disturb ) all right , but if this — this — cat do not show up — the police might get you — and the whole . thing will turn out badly . maybe I would better go along tonight as you alibi . 75 robie : hughson , I know you get you insurance rate at a discount — but why be foolhardy ! fade out . fade in : 514 . ext . sea villa -( night ) - long shot a large villa , surround by dark cypress tree , on a promontory jutting out into the sea . a high stone wall , with wide step , rise up from the rock at the water 's edge . 515 . ext . sea villa -( night ) - long shot a closer view show we the step rise up toward the front of the house . except for a slight breeze stir the cypress tree , there be absolutely no sound or movement about the villa . a light be see behind the shade of a second floor right room . it go out . 516 . ext . sea villa -( night ) - semi -long shot the side of the villa , and the dark shrubbery beyond . there be the slight movement in the foliage , possibly cause by the breeze . 517 . ext . sea villa -( night ) - semi -long shot a dark cypress tree fill - part of the screen in the foreground . Beyond it , a parkway , and shadow of tree across it . the shadow seem to move . in the distance we can almost seem to hear the slip and grind of gravel , as though someone be step cautiously over it . 518 . ext . sea villa -( night ) — medium shot the camera slowly pan along the edge of the roof , follow the line of the rain trough . it follow a rain pipe down to the ground as though await the arrival of someone . there be no sound . 519 . ext . sea villa -( night ) semi - long shot across a stretch of lawn there be a series of short tree , any one of which could be mistaken for the figure of a man . one or two of they move slightly in the breeze . 520 . ext . sea villa -( night ) - semi - long shot shoot down the stone step which lead to the water , we see the wave swirl around the rock below . the camera hold on this for a while , because there seem to be someone move on the rock below - although we can not be sure . 521 . ext . sea villa -( night ) - semi - long shot shoot along the top of the sea wall , show the over-hang tree . they shudder successively down the wall , as though someone be pass behind they , brush they with he body . 522 . ext . sea villa -( night ) — medium shot another part of the garden , near the sea wall . the shrubbery be completely still , the breeze have die away . the camera stays on this for a second or two . then suddenly , a muffle , strangle shout shatter the silence . the wind seem to spring up again . the camera whip around . two big head fill the screen . in the front be robie , a arm clutch around he neck . a dark - face slightly behind he . it be foussard , bertani 's wine steward . the two man begin to twist and struggle . 523 . ext . sea villa -( night ) — closeup 76 a man 's arm be see , as we shoot up toward the moonlit sky . the hand grip a long blackjack . it descend successively and heavily down on one of the struggle man . suddenly the blackjack remain poise in mid-air , because the assailant have hear shout , police whistle , the screech of tire , door slamm , etc. from a distance . the blackjack and arm disappear from the picture . 524 , ext . sea villa -( night ) -closeup we now see the position of robie and he attacker . in the struggle , robie have turn they position so that the other man 's head be back to the camera , and have obviously receive all the blow . the man 's grip on robie have relaxed , as robie twist free . the man 's body spin , and be lose to sight as it tumble over the rail of the sea wall . 525 . ext . sea villa ( night ) - long shot we see the body of robie 's attacker fall to the rock below . robie stop for a moment until the body hit the rock . we see he silhouett figure dash into the shrubbery . the sound of the police have increase . 526 . ext . sea villa -( night ) semi - long shot shoot up the long flight of stone step toward the house , we see the silhouettes of half a dozen police hurry down . they be carry flashlight . 527 . ext . sea villa -( night ) - semi -long shot the police dash down the stone step to the rock . they turn and quickly climb over the wet rock to the body . 528 . ext . sea villa -( night ) -closeup the dead face of foussard , the wine steward , eye stare , mouth open , blood trickle down one side of he head be bath in the light of they flashlight . fade out : fade in : 529 . ext . STREET corner -( day ) — closeup the blaze headline of a french newspaper , Le Nice - matin . it read in large black letter , with a exclamation mark : '' le chat EST mort '' . coin be be toss into a cigar box , and many hand be pull papers off the pile . 530 . ext . STREET corner -( day ) - medium shot ten or fifteen people be stand around the news stand , read the front page of the paper . some slowly walk past the camera . on the fringe of the crowd , , come toward the camera , be francie and she mother . as they come into semi-closeup , they slow up , both of they look at the scene with interest . mrs . steven : almost everybody in Philadelphia read the inquirer . francie : just a minute , mother . she move toward the news stand , and busy a paper . once she look at the headline , she hold the paper in front of she , and like the other walk slowly along the sidewalk , in she case toward she mother . Mrs. Steven 's curiosity be arouse , increase by the fact that she cannot read french . mrs . steven : what be it ? what 's the excitement ? francie look up . francie : the cat burglar be dead . 77 mrs . steven : ( alarm ) John robie ? Francis refer again to the paper . francie : a man name foussard — a wine steward from a re - taurant . 531 . ext . STREET corner -( day ) — closeup she stare over the paper into space . over this we hear Mrs. Stevens 's voice , full of relief : mrs . steven : honey , you have better start practice you apology . in two language . lap dissolve to : 532 . int . lepic 's office .-( day ) - medium shot in a small office , lepic be seat at he desk , while hughson stand at the side . the latest edition of the newspaper lie in front of lepic , possibly with he picture include with the story . hughson hold a check in he hand . hughson : you be positive foussard be the cat ? lepic : I do not have any reason to change the story that I have give to the newspaper . hughson : that 's hardly a direct answer , commissioner . lepic : ( display some impatience ) I can not give you another . now if you excuse I — hughson : ( interrupt ) one more point , monsieur lepic . ( hold up check ) this be a check for eighty thousand dollar . that 's nearly twenty - eight million francs . since you have catch , and unfortunately kill , the cat — lepic : in we opinion , he kill himself attempt to escape justice . hughson : either way . I have be instruct by my company to pay off the Stevens claim . I be disincline to do this , if recovery of the jewelry be imminent . be it ? lepic : ( after a uncomfortable pause ) it will take time . robie 's voice be hear off : robie : several century . the man turn , look toward the doorway . 533 . int . lepic 's office -( day ) - medium shot once again well - dress , and with a look of slight amusement on he face , robie lean up against the open doorway . robie : congratulation on you capture , commissionaire . he enter the room , the camera panning he over to the desk . robie : all 's well that end well . he sit down in a nearby chair as the two man watch he . robie : the newspaper have they headline . the rich tourist can relax . you , lepic , have you publicity and possibly a 78 commendation from the Paris office . we all get something good out of it , except of course hughson 's company . but they can afford it , eh , hughson ! hughson : well it have cut into they asset . robie : poor foussard . never guess it be he . ordinary wine waiter . family man . wooden leg hughson 's face show a sudden startle look . he put the check back into he pocket . robie catch he look . robie : oh , do not you know ? lose it in the War . be not it remark - able ? a man with a wooden leg teach himself to climb up wall and over roof with the agility of a four-foote cat ? hughson quickly look at lepic . hughson : be that true ? lepic : I believe he have a—bad leg . robie get up from the chair . robie : and it be certainly in good taste of you to keep it out of the newspaper . he walk to the door , the camera panning he . robie : well , I think it 's only fitting to drop into foussard 's funeral and pay my last respects . ( he turn , pause , turn back ) oh , and at the same time , to get a good look at the real cat — who will certainly be there , purring . 534 . int . lepic 's office -( day ) - semi -long shot the full office . hughson visibly startle by this last statement , take a step forward . hughson : you know who the cat be ? robie : in a phrase — I do . lepic tense , move forward and upward a little in he chair , look intently at robie . hughson : well — well , tell the commissioner who it be . robie : ( smiling ) he would not believe I . hughson : then try I . robie : you would find it hard to believe . when I catch the cat on a rooftop , with a handful of steal diamond , then — lepic jump to he foot , he face scarlet . lepic : ( interrupt ) monsieur robie ! it be only because I have give this story to the newspaper that you be in free - dom ! but the day where I catch you on the top of a roof , with or without jewel , I shall be more than happy to call the reporter again ! robie : ( smile ) lepic— that 's all I want to know . good day , gentleman . he go out the door , and down the corridor , whistling a light melody . lepic sit heavily back in he chair , angry at he outburst , and annoyed by robie 's whistling . lap dissolve to : 79 535 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - long shot the small graveyard on cap ferret be occupy by a moderate crowd , the core of which surround a flower — deck grave . along the wall overlook the cemetery be group of sightseer , because this be a funeral of more than ordinary interest . now and again a flashlight go off to indicate the presence of a news photographer . there be newsreel photographer around , and quite a number of uniform police . 536 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi -long shot a nearer high view of the burial . apart from the black — - clothed figure of danielle , most of the mourner appear to be man . there seem to be very few woman around , except among the spectator . at the head of the grave be the priest wear he steal , and beside he a small altar boy hold a container of holy water . we now hear he voice intone the burial service in Latin . 537 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi-closeup robie stand among the mourner at one end of the grave . his eye move slowly over the face of the other mourner . 538 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi-closeup the camera pan slowly along they face . they be the man of the kitchen staff at bertani 's restaurant . Claude of the Beach Club be among they . one by one they notice the presence of robie , and look up with no unusual expression , absorb as they be in the sadness of foussard 's funeral . 539 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi-closeup robie look at danielle compassionately . 540 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi -closeup the camera pan back from danielle to bertani 's face . he have now see robie . he give a slight nod and smile of recognition . he start to move out of the picture towards robie . Claude follow closely behind he , like a bodyguard . 541 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi-closed ? robie do not acknowledge the greeting of bertani . instead , he study he for a moment , and then follow the approach of bertani with he eye . in a moment , bertani appear by the side of robie , and slightly behind he . he speak to he with a low whisper . we can still hear the priest intone the burial service . bertani : ( half - whisper ) a most unhappy affair , eh , robie ? robie : unhappy because it be not I down there ? bertani : poor danielle — I have great compassion for she . robie : T will look out for she . what do you suppose happen to the thing he steal ? bertani : ( shrug ) that 's a mystery . the Police have look in every place . robie : someday they will turn up . bertani : the boy owe you many thanks . robie : what for ? bertani : you know ... for risk the prison to capture Le Chat . robie : oh , that . 80 bertani : ( smile ) but you have no reason to complain , eh ? robie : could you be a little more specific ? bertani : the american girl — what 's she name ? robie : ohhh — francie Stevens ! that the one ? bertani : what lucid a beautiful woman , in love with you - rich beyond you dream — robie : I dream pretty rich — bertani : when be you go to America ? robie : do not know I be ? bertani : you will make a great mistake if you do not marry she and return to you native country . robie : that would make it quite a mistake . tell you what . we will talk about it at the sanford gala this weekend — between you catering duty . bertani : you be not invite . robie : I will be . bertani : ( a slight pause ) what costume will you wear ? robie : oh , I will figure out something to surprise you . bertani : good luck . robie : be not that generous — consider that you have so little luck to spare . 542 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - medium shot the conversation of the two man be suddenly interrupt by a outburst fran danielle . she take a step toward they along the edge of the open grave . danielle : nous enterron mon pere , aujourd ’hui—et je vous prierai de not pas confondre ce cimetiere avec la champre des depute ! ( glare at robie ) qui vous a demandeé de venir ici , John robie ? personne not vous a invité . san vous , mon pere vivrait encore . robie look uncomfortable . everyone be turn to look at he . the news photographer close in and begin take picture . the priest break off the funeral service with a shocked expression on he face as he try to fathom the meaning of the interruption . danielle step closer toward robie . danielle : voila ce que vous ete — un ignoble assassin , cynique et san pitié ! killer ! it 's because of you he 's dead ! she close in on robie . bertani reach out to keep she from he . she push he arm aside . bertani : danielle , mon petit— pas en public , voyon ! vous avez tort . danielle : Si personne naose le dire . moi je le ferai . vous étes tous une bande 'oe lach . ( English to robie ) get out of here you american kille - — voleur — murderer — ! 543 . ext . cemetery -( day ) . — closeup . 81 a big head of danielle as robie 's hand come into the picture and slap she sharply across the cheek . danielle stop she tirade , stunne by he reaction . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi long shot everyone be freeze in gesture and sound . it be one large tableau of shock and indecision . then robie alone move , turn and thread he way through the people and away from the grave . 545 , ext . cemetery -( day ) — medium shot a high shot show the people fall back to create a passage for robie . Press photographer hurry forward . the silence now have rise into a low , undercurrent murmur . a few of the maquis man advance threateningly while bertani comfort danielle , who be now sobbing . the priest resume the service . robie ignore the reporter and photographer , and make he way through the now thinning edge of the crowd toward the gate . ext . cemetery -( day ) - medium shot robie be walk toward the camera . behind he the stare face of the crowd , who one by one turn away and resume they attention to the burial service . robie come right up into closeup . he be grim , tight - lipped . his eye catch sight of something . they show a slight surprise . 517 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - long shot in the street outside of the cemetery stand a horse - draw hearse and two carriage . there be also a local private bus . gather in a little knot to one side be two or three of the driver , and a motorcycle policeman , whose . motorcycle can be see park in the distance . there be another car pull up , and a woman step out on see robie . it be francie . 518 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi-closeup robie , still look at she , almost pause — and then move on . she call out to he : francie : John ! he stop , turn , wait for she to come up. 510 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi -long shot francie hasten toward he , the camera pan her . as she get to he , she say : francie : be you go to make it hard for I to apologize ? 550 . ext . cemetery -( day ) - semi -closeup as Francis come up to the wait robie . robie : not at all . I be sure you be sorry . francie : you know I be . until mother tell I , I have no idea the thing you be up against . robie : we all make mistake — only some be a little less bizarre than other . francie : ( she take a breath of control ) what be you plan , now ? robie : ( interrupt ) now what ? francie : that the cat burglar be dead . robie : ( look toward the cemetery ) foussard be not the cat . francie : ( follow he glance ) but the newspaper — robie : ( back to she ) the man have a wooden leg . francie : but be not he catch at a villa—trying to rob it ? 82 robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : he be not there to rob . he be there to kill I . why ? because I be get too close to the cat . ( slowly ) then — who kill he ? T will let you know when I find out . Goodbye , francie . he start to turn away . she reach for he arm , detain he . francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : John — why bother ? it 's sort of a hobby of mine — the truth . let I do something to help you . the one time you help I be enough — for both of we . oh , do not talk like a road show actor ! ( equally sharp ) look — I be all out of thrill . be down to the hard work now . it 's not you style . go find a bull - fighter to play with . I know you be go to act like this — injure , childish . you have make you apology — now do not take up my time with a scene from some old page in you diary . he start to move around she . she stop he , confront he . francie : robie : francie : Mr. robie — I be wrong about you , I think — you might possibly be wrong about I . I be doom to go through life never know . now , if you will pardon I , I have a bus to catch . I will not pardon . you . I be in love with you . she stop , as if she have not mean to say it . they look at each other briefly . robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : francie : robie : now that 's a ridiculous thing to say . be it ? with you , word like that be routine plaything . ( quite sober ) be plaything . ( pause ) tell you what . a sport , exciting , romantic offer . I — do not know if I be up to it now . get I a invitation , and I will take you to the sanford gala . it 's costume , you know . nobody can go without a costume . what be you wear ? Louis the fifteenth . mother and I get they from Paris . T will have germaine make I something to go with they — T will call you in a day or so . he start away , turn back . she stand there , watch he with a reserve sort of love . robie : francie : oh , you probably wonder why I want to go . T have a idea . 83 robie : think you might get a kick out of see a real live burglar . of course , it will not be all laugh . francie : ( a flat statement ) and maybe a little danger ? robie : ( nod , smile ) figure you have go for it . I will try not to let you down . so long , francie . he turn , walk away . the camera move in on she eye , they be sad and water - fill . fade out : fade in : 551 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot a view of the desert rooftop of the sanford villa , look in a direction that show we the moonlit Mediterranean beyond . the roof area be large , complex in structure with many brick chimney and tile gable . 552 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot another view of the roof . 553 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot shoot from the roof we see a courtyard below , and the garden beyond . the guest be beginning to appear in the grounds . they be all in eighteenth century french costume , varied and colorful . Buffet table be in evidence . a dance area have be clear , with a bandstand at one end . 554 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot the entrance gate at the bottom of the driveway lead to the villa . a long line of car edging they way through the main gate . there be motorcycle police in evidence . a knot of people be rubberneck . they be local people and some tourist take picture . there be a couple of news photographer in evidence as well . the police check the people in each car enter for they invitation card . 555 . omitted 556 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot this be the main doorway from the house to the grounds . a flight of broad , wide stone step lead froma terrace . we get a glimpse of a large entrance hall brightly - light inside . through this doorway and onto the terrace where Mr. and Mrs. sanford , in they costume , greet the arrival . have make they eighteenth century curtsy to the hostess and host , each new arrival move on down the step and approach the camera . the camera concentrate on the central figure of each new tableau . as the figure come nearer , we attention be center on the jewelry be wear . we be therefore successively treat to display of fabulous stone and elegant setting . the SOUND of music be hear off , flourishing the entrance of the guest . 557 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot a section of the richly gown and costume onlooker who applaud each new arrival . the people seem to be enjoy themselves . 558 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot two rather drab-look 18th century character stand together in the line of onlooker . by contrast to the other , they seem to show a indifference . however , they eye study every new entry . the camera pan down they body , past they knee - breech , over they 84 rather ill-fitting , twisted stocking , to two pair of heavy , modern shoe with thick sole . the shoe be also highly polished for the occasion . 559 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot another grand entry , to a round of applause . the woman again walk past the camera until she jewelry fill the screen . 560 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup a big head of bertani . he be look across , keenly , at the arrive guest . the camera pull back to reveal that he be in the center of the activity in and around the kitchen quarter . actually we be in a small yard , and in the background , we can get a glimpse of a station wagon , and a small black . sedan . in the foreground be trestle table , cover with various cold food , etc . when the camera first move back , we be near enough to catch sight of a sad - face danielle who be unpack champagne , and put the bottle into large , ice — fill tub . antoinette , bertani 's cashier , be seat at a small table check off item . there be three other serve girl , in addition to three or four chef , and La mule do the heavy lift . they be all in 18th century costume , the woman dress identically as serve maid . the waiter move in and out , take trays of food and supplies to the various buffet table in the main grounds . this be also dress as lacky . Claude , of the Beach Club , be carry a bucket of iced champagne bottle to a garden table . the camera pan bertani over to danielle . he give she a affectionate pat on the shoulder , after which he pass antoinette . the camera continue to pan bertani . into the garden proper . he move over to survey one of the buffet table , 561 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semllong shot back around the grand entrance , the crowd have become much great , and noisier . they be just applaud a grande dame who have two afghan hound at the leash . as she pass out of the picture , the Stevens and robie appear . Mrs. Stevens come first , and be then follow by francie with robie as she blackamoor attendant . they be applaud in , and continue on down the step to be greet by the sanford . they move on , into the camera , and out of the picture . 562 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -medium shot the buffet table be beginning to become busy . bertani be supervise the work of he chef , when he notice the arrival of lepic , and he assistant mercier , at the table . he cross to they genially . the camera move in until the three of they be in closer shot . bertani : un peu de Champagne , commissaire ? au moin que vous not buviez pas pendant le service ? lepic , answer bertani 's smile : lepic : je not bois jamais en dehor du service . bertani insist on serve they himself . he get glass , and a bottle , pour out three glass . they toast each other silently . 563 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot Francis , she mother and robie . they have come down into the grounds . robie no longer have the large umbrella he be hold over francie . as the three fill the screen , robie nudge Francis and nod he head toward the buffet table . 85 564 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot they see bertani and the police sip they champagne . they be just two other people at the same table . 565 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -closeup , francie react to the sight of the police . she gesture a warning to robie , try not to be obvious . robie 's answer be to grip the arm of the two woman and move they over toward the buffet table , the camera panning they . 566 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot as the three of they come up to the table , bertani and lepic be in discussion . mercier , lepic 's assistant , watch the approach group . lepic : je m’excuse d’avoir dit faire ramasser par me homme quelque - un de vos garcon de cuisine . moi aussi j’obéis aux ordre . bertani : bab ! je comprend ces chose -la ! que voulez-vous , la loi est la loi . the attendant , who be Claude of the Beach Club , notice they arrival , ask : claude : Champagne , mesdame — monsieur ? francie : yes , please . Claude get the glass , and pour . lepic , bertani and mercier seem to pay no attention to the group . lepic and bertani carry on a conversation in french , possibly about the large quantity of food and drink which will be serve at the gala . Mrs. Stevens appear to suddenly remember something . mrs . steven : oh , my heart pill ! ( she turn to robie ) I can not drink champagne without my pill . it make my heart pound . francie : where do you leave they ? mrs . steven : in we room , when we put the luggage up there . they be probably in my purse . ( to robie ) would you be sweet , John , and go get my purse for I ? robie : of course . he turn and walk toward the villa . 567 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi-closeup lepic and he assistant have pick up they ear during this last conversation . they look cautiously toward francie and she mother . then they eye follow the retreate figure of robie . 568 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - close shot a quick flash to francie , as she put a caution hand on she mother 's arm , and speak guardedly . francie : mother — ! the mother answer in a hoarse kind of stage whisper . mrs . steven : well , francie — all I say be — francie interrupt she , with : francie : never mind what you say ! 569 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot 86 robie , move through the crowd , toward the main villa . 570 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi-closeup the two detective finish they drink , put down they glass and stroll away casually in another direction . the camera pan they into the crowd , until we lose they . 571 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot lepic and he assistant have a hurried consultation and we see they divide and go off in different direction . 572 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot mercier stop in front of two costume man and almost in pantomime describe robie to they . he move off and the two man separate and go in different direction to spread the word . 573 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot lepic come up to the sanford and whisper to they . they look toward the party grounds with apprehension . he calm they with confident assurance . 574 , ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi - long shot bertani have lust leave the buffet table and we see he stride purposefully toward the kitchen section . he glance over he shoulder for a. brief moment without interrupt he walk . 575 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot we pick up robie move through the crowd and pan he over to the Stevens . he hand Mrs. Stevens she purse . francie whisper something to he and he look around . the music for dance begin and before they have time to drink the champagne which be pour for they , robie invite francie to dance . he be accept ; and they leave Mrs. Stevens stand at the buffet table . 576 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - closeup Mrs. Stevens look around to see if she be be observe . find she be not , with great relief she quickly drain the three glass of champagne , one after another . just as she put down the third glass , the attendant have turn around and notice she consumption of champagne . he pick up the bottle and offer she more . mrs . steven : have you get any bourbon ? the attendant smile , produce a bottle of bourbon . Mrs. Stevens begin pour herself a stiff drink . 577 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi - long shot robie and francie move onto the dance floor and be soon lose among the other couple , except that robie 's feathered headdress tower above the rest of the people . 578 . ext . sanford villa ( night ) - medium shot another view of the dance floor . two ominous figure step into the foreground and watch the dancer . 579 . ext . sanford - villa -( night ) - medium shot another view of the dance floor from a different direction . two more policeman step into the foreground and watch robie and francie , who appear to be have a wonderful time . 580 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot shoot down on the far aide of the dance floor we see two more police step up and watch . robie 's feather go by in the foreground . 87 581 . ext . sanford villa ( night ) - medium shot shoot over the head of the dancer into a fourth corner . two more police step in so that the floor be now completely surround by watch police . 582 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi closeup a little farther away , . lepic move into the scene like a commanding general watch operation . he rock on he heel with satisfaction . 583 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot a high top shot show the crowded dance floor . robie , in he black costume , stand out easily as he whirl and dip with francie in he arm . lap dissolve to : 584 , ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot another top shot of the dance floor from a different angle . the number of dancer have thin out considerably , as well as the spectator . robie and francie be still have a win - derful time . the still figure of the watch police be slightly more conspicuous . lap dissolve to : 585 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot still another top shot of the dance floor from a different angle . it be much later . the band sound a little tired . six couple and dance on the floor , one of which be francie and robie . they seem tireless . the onlooker be now so few in number that the watch police be as obvious as store detective . lap dissolve to : 586 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot from a high top shot of the dance floor , we see francie and robie dance close and romantically to the slow and sleepy music of the band . they be alone on the floor . some of the detective be grouping together in apparent consultation . they look over they shoulder occasionally at the dance pair . 587 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot bertani , who be supervise the clean up of one of the buffet table , take a step or two towards the camera . he smile with satisfaction at robie 's predicament . 588 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi closeup lepic have now be join by he assistant mercier . the commissioner seem quite pleased by the way he have bottled up robie . he and mercier exchange look of satisfaction . the music end . 589 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot robie graciously escort francie off the dance floor , past the watch police . the police begin to half - heartedly edge forward after the pair . lepic stop they with a gesture , and indicate that just two man should follow they . lap dissolve to : 590 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot Francis and robie move arm in arm down the corridor of the sanford villa toward francie 's room . she open the door of she room . 591 . int . sanford villa -( night ) - semi closeup two police cautiously peer around a corner . 88 592 . int . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot from they viewpoint we see francie in the half - open door , robie in the corridor . francie enter the room , but robie seem to hang back , hesitate . then francie 's arm reach out , take he by the hand , and start to pull he in . 593 . int . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot on the landing , at the end of the corridor , one of the two police hurriedly gesture he colleague to dash to a window from which he will be able to see the side of the building . the second policeman obey the order , leave the first policeman on guard at the corridor . we see the second policeman open a window at the end of the corridor , and lean out to peer down the side of the building . 594 , int . sanford bedroom -( night ) - medium shot the bedroom assign to francie and she mother , look out on the courtyard of the villa . Mrs. Stevens be sleep in a armchair in the foreground . there be one bedside lamp burn - ing . francie sit down on a chair , almost exhaust . robie lean in a slump attitude against the wall by a dresser . he take off he plume and toss it onto the bed . francie : be not that fun ? 595 int . sanford bedroom -( night ) -closeup a big head of robie , as he take off he mask . it be not John robie at all — but H. H. hughson . there be a exhaust expression on he face . hughson : I hope the home office appreciate what I have go through for they . oh , my foot be about to fall off . 596 . int . sanford bedroom -( night ) - semi-closeup francie stand up , look over to the sleep figure of she mother . francie : mother be quite a little actress tonight . hughson : ( off ) I think she play she part rather well . ( chuckle ) heart pill . francie go to the window , turn out the light on the way . she look through the curtain . hughson : ( 0.s . ) do not worry about he , francie . francie : how can I help it ? 597 . int . sanford bedroom -( night ) -closeup the big head of francie as she look up into the moonlight . 598 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup a big head of robie , look down . he be crouch in deep shadow , against a brick back . the camera pull slowly back to reveal a big expanse of roof beyond robie . 599 , ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup he hear the SOUND of a car starting up . he look down to the driveway . 600 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot bertani be help one of the serve maid into he car , into the back seat . he follow she in . the car pull away . the rest of he helper make they way toward the truck , climb in , and the truck pull off . 601 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closed ? robie be extremely puzzle at bertani 's departure . 602 . int . sanford . villa -( night ) - long shot 89 the light go out in the main entrance hall of : the villa . there be just moonlight . suddenly , out of the shadow , a black cat appear and start to ascend the broad staircase to the second floor . for a moment it be bath in moonlight , and disappear into the shadow again at the top of the stair . 603 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -closeup , robie , now completely disturb , start to rise from he position . he can not make up he mind whether or not to go down . 604 . int . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup the black - glove hand take jewelry from a bedside jewel case and stuff it into a black velvet bag . 605 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot lepic , he assistant mercier , and a group of the costume policeman . although we do not hear what he say , he be obviously explain that nothing be go to happen tonight . his wait car stand by . 606 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot robie be make he way down the slope of the roof . he suddenly stop . 607 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) robie , alert , listen and watch along the roof . 608 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot from he viewpoint , some yard away , a dormer window slowly squeak open . 609 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup robie quickly flatten himself on the shadow side of the roof and peer over the top , he eye just show . 610 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot a dark - clad figure in sweater and slack , immediately move from the moonlight into the shadow by the dormer window . it start to move cautiously along the roof - top in robie 's direction . 611 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup robie , watch tensely . 612 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot the figure , now silhouett against the dark sky , move even closer . 613 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup robie , tense . 614 ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot the dark figure , loom up closer , silhouett against the sky . it come nearer and nearer — and suddenly stop , as though sense something . it turn and start to move away as quickly as the roof will allow . 615 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot robie quickly rise after the retreate figure . 616 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup robie 's foot suddenly dislodge a slate from the roof . 617 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot 90 robie gain on the figure , but the slate skitter noisily down the roof and be hear to hit the court - yard below with a loud , shatter crash . 618 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot lepic , about to get in he car , freeze , whirl around look up . other police turn , look up , then dash out of the picture toward they assignment . 619 . int . sanford bedroom -( night ) - medium shot francie and hughson spring to the window and look out . 620 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot robie close in on the dark - clad figure , and be just about to grab it . more tile be kick loose by the chase . they clatter to the courtyard below . 621 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot Police , take the color gelatine off the floodlight under the tree , and turn the light in the direction of the rooftop . 622 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -closeup robie have grab the figure and be wrestle with it , fight for control so that he can tear off the mask cover the face . Beyond they we see the light of window below be turn on as guest hear the excitement . 623 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup the dark figure be twist and fight to keep the mask out of robie 's grasp . robie 's hand finally go out , tear the mask off . it be danielle . her hair fall down from underneath the black beret she 's wear . she look up at he , catch , but defiant . danielle : ( breathe heavily ) you think you have catch the cat ? robie : I catch you the night you father die . he could not climb anything — and you always do he leg work during the war . you have to be in this somewhere . danielle : what a mistake ! John robie-ici ! John robie , Le Chat ! T have get he ! ici ! here ! John robie ! the two head be suddenly flood in a white light from many searchlight below . robie turn , surprised . danielle immediately take advantage and twist away , ducking into the shadow . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - long shot the full scene show the police below , the beam of the light shoot up , danielle no longer in view , and robie leave stand in the light a solitary figure . 625 . int . sanford bedroom -( night ) - medium shot francie turn quickly from the window and run to the door , follow by hughson . they pass the sleep figure of Mrs. Stevens , who be snore with open mouth . 626 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -medium shot . robie look about he desperately while still bath in the floodlight . he dash over , crouch behind the shadow of a tall chimney . 627 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - closeup robie scan the rooftop , with every sense at he command , look for some sign of danielle . 628 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot 91 a shot of the whole length of the rooftop . there be no sign of danielle . over this we hear a booming voice from below . lepic : ( off , booming ) come down , robie , or we shall be force to shoot ! 629 . ext . sanford villa ( night ) - — closeup robie be intently look for danielle . he seem to pay no attention to the threat . he gather himself for a dash forward , and then suddenly run out of the picture , crouching low . 630 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - full long shot taken from the high point on the rooftop , shoot past the run figure of robie down onto the courtyard below . the courtyard be fill rapidly with excited guest . the searchlight across the roof in pursuit of robie . suddenly bright spurt of orange flame appear below , and almost before the SOUND of gunfire reach we , bullet begin rattling off the roof and chimney . we see robie safely reach the shadow of another group of dark chimney . as soon as he reach new protection , the fire stop . below , francie and hughson run into the courtyard . 631 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -closeup robie , breathe hard , sweeping the roof again for sight of danielle . there be a cold determination express in he manner . 632 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) semi long shot another sweep of the roof . no sign of danielle . 633 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot on the back side of the villa , danielle be hang from the rain trough of the roof , move hand over hand along the roof edge . all we can see of she be she black - glove hand , and the top of she head . there be a sheer drop below . the black bag of jewelry be around one of she wrist . she be approach the end of one wing of the building . unable to go farther , she be force to pull herself back up on the slant of the roof . 631 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) , - medium shot - francie , almost frantic with fear , dash into the group of police , and up to lepic . his eye remain on the rooftop , as do the eye of the other police . francie : put that gun down ! he be not the cat ! lepic : ( still look up ) then what do he do on the top of that roof ? francie : you job ! that 's what he 's do ! lepic : Madame , I can only believe what my eye show I . francie : you shoot he , and p will — lepic : ( interrupt , shouting over she ) John robie be exactly where I know he would be some day ! he look down to one of the other policeman , and say in french : lepic : get she away from here ! the policeman grab she , and try to pull she away , and she struggle , too choke with anger to talk . 92 635 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot we do not see robie in the shadow of the chimney , but danielle be now climb the corner of the roof , and be come into view , although she be not expose by the searchlight . 636 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -closeup , robie suddenly see danielle . with a quick glance below , he decide to risk it and emerge after she . he move forward , and two shot ring out . 637 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot lepic and he group , francie , be hold by a policeman , look up in horror , as another shot be fire . lepic , suddenly see something on the roof , shout to he man , in french : lepic : hold it ! hold you fire ! 638 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) semi - long shot robie advance across the roof toward danielle . retreating , now expose by the search - light which play on she , she reach the edge of the roof . there be a wide gap to another section . 639 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi-closeup danielle look down and then back toward robie . 640 . ext . sanford villa , — ( night ) - semi -long shot robie advance towards she . 641 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) closeup danielle , now thoroughly scared , turn from robie and look across to the other roof . 642 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot the drop below , and the other section of roof beyond . the jump look all but impossible . 643 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot the camera be now on the other roof , look back . danielle , with a desperate look at robie , take the leap . she hit the sloping roof right in front of the camera . for a second she seem to have secure a hold , but then start slip toward the edge of the roof . involuntarily , she give a slight scream of fright . there be scream and sudden shout from the onlooker below , as she go over the side of the roof . 644 , ext . sanford villa -( night ) - close shot , we see the tremendous drop beyond she hang figure . she be hold the rain gutter with one hand , and try to shake the bag of jewelry loose from she other wrist . 645 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi -long shot the camera be now below , shoot up between the gap of the roof edge . robie , after a slight hesitancy , make a leap successfully and land on the sloping roof just beside danielle . 646 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot robie secure a foothold as best he can , and reach down for danielle 's hand , which be beginning to slip from the edge of the rain trough . there be almost utter silence from the onlooker below . 647 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) -closeup robie 's hand grab hold of danielle 's wrist . her hand twist , hold he wrist . 648 . ext . sanford villa ( night ) - semi-closeup 93 the bag of jewel drop from4her other hand . we hear it land . below with a thud and clatter . 649 , ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi-closeup on the courtyard below , the jewel scatter from the break bag in a wide circle . 650 . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - semi-closeup there be a genuine fright on danielle 's face as she look up to robie . danielle : pull I up ! robie : I be try to think of a reason why I should . danielle : ( louder ) now pull I up ! robie : do not shout . it make I nervous . I might drop you . danielle : then go ahead — drop I ! robie : whatever you say . he lower he arm slightly . even great fright pass over danielle 's face . she quickly shout : danielle : no ! his grip tighten and hold . robie : you have get a full house down there , danielle . now shall we begin the performance ? danielle : what performance ? robie : the one in which you tell they who be really who — and what be really what . danielle : please , John — I might slip ! robie : I figure I can hold you another thirty second . no more . danielle : ( desperately ) I do it for my father ! robie : that 's fine ... but I already know it . we be tell they — down there — remember ? danielle look down and the sight frighten she even more . she look up again . danielle : 1 will kill you when I get up there . robie : if you get up here . ( sharply ) tell they ! she give he a look of hatred , then shout down : danielle : I be work for my father ! ( she look up ) now , please — robie : you father be conveniently dead . who else ? danielle : ( shout down ) and Claude , too ! ( to robie ) that 's all . robie : I be out of training . I think my finger be beginning to open . danielle : ( anguish ) I do not know anything more ! robie : ( patiently ) now why protect he ? he 's probably keep all the jewel himself . tell that : who be behind it — who engineered everything — who send I the '' weather report '' — who know as much about as I know myself . go on . 94 danielle : ( after hesitation , shout down ) bertani ! augustus bertani be behind it ! ( look up ) now , you miserable — robie : you leave out one important thing . — of course , I be selfish . danielle : I know nothing more . you be frightening I to death ! robie : you will , probably think of it — just before you hit the ground . I be get a cramp in my arm . he seem to lower she slightly . she be terrify . danielle : ( look down , close she eye , shout ) John robie have nothing to do with it ! nothing ! ( look up , frighten almost to tear ) now , please — please pull I up ! I will die — slowly robie pull she up to the roof . she freeze against the tile , sobbing with relief and shock . robie lean back against the roof and take a deep breath of the night air . lap dissolve to : 651 . int . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot in the main entrance hall of the sanford villa , light sparingly . stand in a casual group be lepic , mercier , danielle , bertani and hughson . robie , francie and Mrs. Stevens cross the hallway on they way to the door . they pause . lepic , who be speak , seem much more affable than we have know he to be . lepic : well , I think we have discuss all the detail . be anything not clear to you , monsieur bertani ? bertani : ( shrug pleasantly ) no — but one little request . lepic : yes ? bertani : that I come to the police station at twelve tomorrow , instead of ten . lepic : ( smile ) ten , please . be on time . bertani : but I must find somebody to manage my restaurant . ( he wink broadly ) | may be away a long time , eh ? lepic : ( shrug ) a private matter — between you and the judge . bertani : ( smile ) twelve o'clock , then ? lepic : ( pleasantly ) ten . and bring a lawyer , if you desire . bertani : ( skeptically ) no thank you . ( bow slightly to the group ) bonne nuit , mesdame et messieur . they nod silently in , return to he . bertani : ( to robie ) I regret have give you such trouble , monsieur robie . robie : well , bertani—had it end differently , I might have be a little put out . as it be , I have no personal complaint . bertani : you will eat at my restaurant again ? robie : the very day you get out . bertani : ah ... we will have a great feast ! robie : hurry back . 95 bertani : ( smile to he , turn to go , remember something ) oh — monsieur lepic , pardon — danielle foussard . May I bring she with I at ten ? lepic : unfortunately , no . she come with we tonight . bertani : ( shrug ) if you must . bonne nuit . he turn and walk across the hallway and out of the picture . 651a . int . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot robie turn to francie and Mrs. Stevens . robie : I think we have better '' bonne nuit '' ourselves . francie be not listen to he . she seem to be stare at danielle with a look that could be either sympathy , or wonder . robie follow she glance . danielle be nonchalantly yawn . danielle : I would like to get some sleep . lepic : I be afraid that you next bed will be a hard one . danielle : I do not mind . I have sleep on prison bed before . robie : ( look at she quickly ) when be you ever in prison , danielle ? danielle : ( stop , look directly at he ) I be bear in jail . robie and francie look at each other , not too happily . Mrs. Stevens start move for the door . robie : ( to danielle ) goodnight . danielle smile at he , then quickly walk up to he and impulsively kiss he . danielle : well , no South America . robie : guess not . they separate and robie take francie 's arm , and follow Mrs. Stevens out of the hallway . 651b . ext . sanford villa -( night ) - medium shot robie , Francis and Mrs. Stevens come down the step of the villa . they be meet by La mule and a couple of the chef from bertani 's restaurant . the man rash up to robie , to embrace he , shake he hand , punch he affectionately . LA mule : ah , monsieur robie ! chef : nous avon honte de vous avoir si mal jugé . nous vous prion de nous excuser . robie smile happily at the group . lap dissolve to 652 . omitted . 653 . ext . mountain highway -( day ) - long shot robie 's red convertible , move at high speed up a mountain road . it be be pursue , at some distance , by a black sedan . lap dissolve to : 654 , ext . robie 's villa -( day ) - medium shot robie enter the patio of he villa . he walk over to the low wall beyond which lie the hill and valley of St. gennet . he seem disturb about something . he hear someone come into the patio from around the house . he turn , and look with some surprise . 96 655 . ext . robie 's villa -( day ) - medium shot francie stand , watch he briefly . she be not smile , but seem compose . she begin to walk forward , the camera panning she . 656 . ext . robie 's villa -( day ) - semi -close shot robie be still surprised to see she . robie : who bring you up here ? Francis come into the picture , approach robie . francie : the police . and we would have catch you , if this dress have not get all over the gear shift and the wheel . she stand next to he , look out over the valley . robie : but it be only twenty minute ago that I say goodbye ! francie : as quickly as you could . robie : do not I thank you ? francie : politely . robie : then what — uh — ? she turn to he . francie : John — you leave in such a hurry you almost run . robie : I have thing to do up here . francie : be you afraid I have make you admit that without I you could not have save yourself ? he do not answer . francie : that you need the help of a '' good woman ? that you be not the lone wolf you think you be ? robie throw out a hand in a gesture of gracious admission . robie : all right — without you I could not have do it . he begin to see some of the humor in he situation . robie : I need the help of a woman . he give in . robie : I guess I be not the lone wolf I think I be , Francis . francie : ( she be pleased ) I just want to hear you say it . thank you , and goodbye . she turn , and start to leave . but he quickly reach out , take she by the arm , and turn she around . he pull she close to he , kiss she . it be full , passionate — more of love than of sex . then he bury he face in she shoulder . she look up , with a shine and happy face . her eye be somewhat misty , but she manage a lightness to she voice as she say : francie : so this be where you live ? — I think I be go to like it . fade out . 97