— + a to kul a moceingstad — — — staff & crew lisr frod , # 1919 Feb. 8 , 1 $ a a flan panis obart muliigan Ernest wehmecyer Joe Kenny Terry moras , Jr. charlea jactt , Jr. metz reiner Russell harlan 's Jack Whitman prank stanley William egan rollie lan Carl gibeon walter woodeworth William Watt boward Todd blackie roserkrantz prank wifong producer director untt manager ass't director asa't director asa't director seript supervisor cameraman Operator ass't cameraman Age 't cameraman stiil man lat grip and grip coordinator publicit ; publicity Welfare Worker special Effects man ' deasand ol §-lo1o be 39904 DI 8.2526 em 1-192 of 5.8007 gr-s-ate ST 5.3716 fr 5-7598 wr 7-0063 bo 5- 177 bo 43-1670 '' po bua755 a Lee st o-7096 DI 38-8302 po lake bo bo3038 po 3-or19 sy 8.1146 ol 6-8830 =' 4.2718 at 4.8600 ST 6.6813 9-4731 2 ieee cay 9-028 8-1209 '' ~ : ay , to kel a moceiygeind pare I exot . mayugme , alabama ~ dayspre de be look dow om the small southerm tom of maycomd , Alabama . it be fust before dawm and in tha half light , we ean sea cotton farm , sine wood , zhe hilis surreumd kayrem , and the courthouse Square of maycomd itself , tha cameha '' taat to slowly movs dow : to tha Square , as wa begin to see tha store and the offtcea which comprise the tow , a young woman 's voice be kreard off camera : j2 ay louise { voxce over ) Im 1932 this be the world I meew , tt waa not «a vary big world , but naither be I , ( a beat ) =owas aiz yaar ald . the camera start to slowly hove down the main residential atreet lead away from the squar , i jean louise ( voice over } Trey tell ms maycomh be a tired old town then , that peopie move slowly . there waa ao hurry for thars be no - where to go , nothing to buy and no manesy to buy it with , during this the camzra eas ccme to rest on the finch house end yard . the finch house ts 4s smell frame house , butit bign eff the ground and with a porch in ths mscmer of southem cottage of its day . the yard be a larga ome , fill wich soak , amd 2 '' all oaa en eip of mystery about i+ in the early nmorn light . jean louise { voice ov=er ) what I remember be that I be to begin s¢co0l in two week , for the first time , what 7 do m't mow wes that my whole world be zaon so change . walter cunningham , a thin , raw - conad farmer in bis late fifty , comaa inta view , hea be cerry 4 crocker sack ful of aicxory nuta , ha pass under the ocak tree at the side of the house a a young giri , ais , deass in blue jeans , drova from on of its branch to the gromd . ske srushes bersalf off umd go toward Mr , cumninghan . sontiyvad ey oe will mm grang t-f=7 continued scour why , good mern , Mr. cu : my daddy La get dress . would ' fou lize I to call on ? cunningham no , mar be , [ would not cara to bother '' < ( §oour eagerly '' 4¢t 's to bother , Mr. cummiagkan . 11 de happy to see you . { she call inte bedroom ) atticus , atticus , why he ' mo . shot ~« walter cunningham ha seem ill at ease and embarrassed . atticus , scout 's father , come CUT of the kitchen door . _ secut here 'a Mr , cunningham . atticus good morning , walter . cunningham geod morning , mt. finch , I do not want to bother you none . I bring this here aga part af ry antailment . atticus well , 2 thank you . tha callard we have last week be deitcious , atticus pick up the aack . this be hickery mit . atticss and this hickory mite lesk mighty hice . Mr , cunningham mutter something and start on , close shot - atticus , scout atticus scout , [ think next time Mr. cunningham come , you would better nev call I . : scout Weil , I theugh= you would want tc shank etim . continced up #2915 contineed the angle widen as atticus starta far the fren yard the zet the morning paper , scout after hin , atticus well , edo , but I think it embarrass ham to be thank , " scour ' why do ha bring you all thts stuff ? atticus ( axplain patiently } he 's pay I for some legal work I dad for hin . sccur ( eurious } why do he pay you like that ? atticus because that 's the only way he can , he bas no money . scop T ts he poor ? gticus pick up the paper and cper it . atticus yes , scour Ave wa poor ? atticus we be , indeed . scout be we a poor as the cinninsham ? atticus not exactly . the cunningham be country folk , farmer , and the erash hit they the hardest , cammera full sack tc include caipurnia , in ser late fiitse , av the screen dear , call : calpurnia Breakfast , sccut . call you brother , calpurnia gce back inside , contingzd dey . oe db #1919 continued = 2 scout ( matter of factly ) atvicus , jem be up in chat tre yonder " ( point toward the oak ) es say not will not come dew util you ggrea to play football for the . metnodtats . atticus walka toward the tre . in a tree-nouse , high in tha sea , sit jem . Fe ts 10 , with a serious , manly litcis face . presently , bs 14 scowling . . atticus {very calmly ) San , woy do not you come co dow have you breakfast now . cel and - ae bas # good ome , hst biscuita , and ... oh no , siz , not until you agrae to play foonbell for the methodist , atticus ( wryly ) sen , ica not do that , I sxplainad to you Tim too ald to gat oun thers . ' cer all , I be the cooly father you rave and jou would not want I to out there and get my head imocxad off , would you ? ta ( interrupt with great indtonssian ) can you imagine ms tell than they ask I where oy 2 ? when i3 that he 's too ald to ba here play football ? I be set go to come dow . . atiic suit yourselr , atticus start for the kitchen dear . scour have be watch they , she follow she faethe» into the kitchen , uyt , eitceen % be a large , old - fashicm ceuntry kitchen . this fs salsurnia 's domain , end she mum / : with absolute sutheritr , there 's a large kitchen rense , 3 sink , @ dreakfaas , and mor informal * artly meal . table and chsaiz for sine secut 's end contovtes a #1919 continued jem 's mother be daad , while asticus ts at work , caljurmia have charge of tha childran , and the kitchen hae become a retreay and headquarters for then , atticus end scout come inta the kiteben . . scour foor thing . maybe I would batter taka hima little something up thers . calpurela - ( aternly ) you tend to you ow marble , secaut glumly begin to eat ber breakfast , atticus pick up she paper to rasd . dissolye to ext . tree youse - mo . shct jom be eat '' bisenit . scous come climb up cha trae . sie hold to and hend a napkin with some bacan , she hencs be ap the hin , and start down again , he lean over the ade of the tree touse , call down ' so she . tas seaut , bring ms a doughnut . scour all right . ske continue a dow , jx and some football msgazine . scout 441 right . she centinua on , vm and some ylankat . cambra full bace to pull ago a seout reach the ground and see mis3 maceizc atkinson acsee the Street in rar yard , work a she flower , $ 3 strong , wern -heart woman , xeanit intersstad in 4 she child . scout ( yell ovar ) goed morning , miss maudis -- continted ' of roy maddie what 's go on over thera ? scour ( pause long ancugh to exptain } I 'w heaving @ terrible time , miss maudie . I be about to waar uyself ont . jem be stay up in that tree '' until atticus say he will play foot - dell with the mathodtsats , ( yelling ) he 's too aid for anything . every time I want he to do something , he 's too cid . maudt ( yelling ) he can do plenty of thing . attioua come ant of the kitchen door , dress for work . he aeem orconcern at all the commttor , atticus tou be good , child , and mind cal . ee atart om , atticus good morning , maudie . > waddle seod mormng , atticus , he continue on out cf the yard . jem ( yelling over to maudte as he father leave she yard de will not lat I have a gun , ee will only play touch football with I ... never tackie , maudie ( telling sack ) he can ogke somebody 's wai se ai> . tight , you can not breek it , you count you sjiessing and step complain , beth of tou . just thank you star he have the sense the act hta age , she walk away , qi # 1925 mo . shot ~ scout , jem gccuT ( call up to Jen ) jam , he be pretry old . jem ( still firm ) I ga not help that . he swing down to the lower limb ir désgust and lock dower {nto miss stephanie chawford ' S collard patch next decor . a boy be ~ sit among the collard . sitting down he be not mich higher than the collard . it ts dill , he have a saolem , cwlish face , a knowledge and imagination toa old for he year . he laok tp at jem , dill ( tentatively ) hey ~- jem {pleasantly } hey , yourseif . angle + dill dill Im coarias bakar Harris , I can read . - scout so what ? dill I think you would like to ktow I can read , you get anything need read ? I san do it , : asm how old be you ? pour and a half ? dill ang a seven . jem shoot , so wonder then . scout yon - der 's be read since she be bear ard she do not start sekool t411 next month , you look right puny for gotn ' cn seven , I be listle , but I be eld . continteo ke ria co x 8 3 ' 20 oe ae 12 M. hay will = will ae dill slimk through the fence . dill folla call I dill . ' fem climb down the tree to get a closer look , closea shot - dill . dill I be from meridian , Mississippi . I be spendigg two week next door with uy aunt Stephanie , my mawa work for a photographer ic meridian . she enter my picture in 4 beautiful child Contest amd win five dollar , she give the woney to I and I go to the picture ahow twenty sime on group shot - scout , dill , jem scour — we mama 's dead . we get a daddy , where 's you daddy ? dill I have not get one . scour be he dead ? : dill ne. scout well , if he 's not dead , you have get one , have not you ? dill blushes , jem {he hag decide to take dall under nts wing} hush , scout , camera poll back tc pull sct 2a calpurnia come out the kitchen docr . , she walk cre to thet . continued je # 1919 uw z1 continted scour dill , thts be calpursia . calpubnta * please to know you , dili . dill I 'u plean to know you , my daddy own the L and W railroad . da 's * go to let a# run the engine ali . tha way to New Orleans . calpuraia ( ampress ) be thet so ? bill - he saye lt can invite < = I . hadley , in he sevanties , a regal , austere man , walk by . scout and jem gsa# he and become very subdued , as if they be afraid , they attention leave dill and he sense thts and look at they to see whet be hanpantng . jem there go the meanest man that ever take a breath af life . caipurmia go back into the itehen . 12 close shot - dirl , jem blll ( nis curiesity arouse ) '' woy be he the meanest man ? - jem well , for one thing , he nas a boy name boo that he keep shain to a bed in that house over ycender , - 2300 moving shot - sidewalx - jem , dill , scout 4s they start to move out of the yard , scout follow berisd chem . they go down the sidewalk past miss Stephanie 's '' zguas , nerth toward the aadle7 house , contiaueld - ne 14 15 af #1929 continued jem boo only comaa out 2@v night when we be asleep and it 's pitch derx , when you wake up at night you can hear he , he walk like this . {he slidea he foot along the sidewalk ) once I hear hin scratch on we screen door , put he be go tine atticus get there . reverse angle - ext , radley house they be stand by 3 isght nole now , stare at the hadley house and yard . Tre house be low , and be once white , with a deep front perch and green shutter , but it be darken Long ago to she color of the alate grey yard around i+ , not spot shingles droop over the eave of the veranda , oak tree keep the sun away , the remain of a picket fence drurken ~ ly guard the front yard . 4 '' sweep '' yard that ia never sweep , where Johnson gress and rabbit tobace grass grow in abundance , dili 's eye have widen . he be become truly intrigue . dill be that why ay aunt leek up so tight at aight ? ' c=m sure . wonder what he do in there ? look like he would fust stick hia baad cut the doer , what would you do if he stick he head out the decor now ? scorr ( with real terror} I would die ... thev 's what I would do , close two sect - dill , jem dill wencer what not igok like ? =' well , judge from he tracw , he 's ' about six and a hai ? foot tali , ha eat taw squirveis ard all ths ast he ten catcn , trere 's 3 '' co sagzat scér mum across nis face , eis fl contiatso rae # 1919 = ceange 2/5/62 z continved tem ( cont 'd} tooth be yellow and rotten . his eye pop . dnd ha drool most af the time . dinl aw , I do not beliave you , angle widen to txclude miss stephante crauford , dill 's aunt , she be in ner late ( jfsies . she 134 spinster and the neighber= hoad gossip . dhe come ap behind they without tham beeric she , Sea have a babit of half shouting whan she talk . stsp=an te Children ... thay jump and dili look as if he 4a abent to faint . ( rematog od } pala sy Lord , acnt stephant , you alaost give mar e hoart attack , x dent st2psastr dill jo not want yeu play aronnd that house over there , thers 'a a maniac livea there and sat danzaton . jem ( to di11 } you see , , ( to staphant ) iowea just try to warn bim about boo , and he wouldn !*+ believe mar , stepiag¢ ts ' soll , you would better beitevs he , Mr. dill earris , jah tell htm about the time goo try to kill hia papa . stepeawib Weil , I wes stand in my yer ? one @ey when he mama come run out and yell , " he 's kill we ali . '' turned out boo be sit to the lite room cut up the vaper for hia serapbook and when he daddy come dy , be reach over with he scissors and atebbed he and siz lec , cull they out , and want om sack cut the paper , 4 ral ' sb 16 17 17-4 # l9l9 - change 2/6/42 omitted - angle - dill his eye popoing with axcitemant . stephanie - " hay want to send boo to the- asylom , but he daddy say no radley be go to any asylum , ao they isckad he op in the basa — ment of the cearthconse t111 he almost die af the damp and then ris daddy bring he back home , ind there ‘ae be to . this dey , aittin’ in there vith he secissora , lord know what haf doin ! er thinkin ' , maudie eall the she , maudir eelle , Stephanie . stspsante hello , manda , ( start tovard misa mendis ) io ehtld , run over and play {nm you own yard , Bill start across tha street fotlow by jum and scout , they stare at tos radley house we they go . suddeniy jom stop in the middle of the street , call to the other . jet look , he point toward the jadley house , dtll and scant stop , dill whet be lt? jem do not you see he ? es be fust thers et the window , he point bis finger toward the hadley house , dill and 3 cous lock and as vhey do , jem raise he hand . tem and wateh out = he 's liadl to come rumming out with bis scissors and ated we ali . contiiag2 of 17-4 4 # 1919 - change 2/6/42 cortowved he prstend he 1s stabo they . scout and dit sceram and tun off . diss S to ext . finch yled - moving shot - scout , ism , dill ie 's almost five o'clock fot the afsernoot . thay be play follow - the-leader . jem - be lead , Ze , at this aonment , be tom - ing handwaprings and scout {5 follow , o11 be halteacvampt to fellow but be aot able to etesuse they . jem then sun for she sree house , climb ap , stand for a deat and atarc down a scout start to tackle the tras . jam rama fox she front sidee welk , scout behizd he , dih baking she , save avoid cl ' mb — ize the tree , in the diztane , wa era the town cloak strike sateen jz it 's five e'cisck . he start to rum out of the yard . dill where you go ? scout time to meat dtcicn . she mo efter jom ; dill fellow efter ter . dile Way do you call you dadéy atticuat scout tcanse jem daea , dill why do ha ? accuT TI do not know , he just start to when he first begin talcing . of N B wa 20 21 # 1919 - thanges 2/8/52 32 ext , side '' alk - mcving shot they run up che dtreact , south , towards town . jem slow down . jer mra. dubosa be on she porch . {to dill} listen , no matter what she say to you , do not answer hez back because — she have a confederate pistol in she lap under she shewl and she will 11 a you quick ad look at you , : . they walk cautiously on and start to pase the imbose housé , I 18 be aid and run-down house , it have steep front step and a deg -trot hall . mrs , henry lapatette dubose att on she front poreh in she wheel chair . eeaide she be 2 negro girl who take gare of she , jessie . scout hey , Mrs. dubcae , close two shut - mrs . dubcse , jessie mrs . dubose ( snarling at the a De not you say " hey " to mne , you ugly girl . you say " go afternoon , Mrs. + dubose . '' scout be walk sitowly om past mra. dubose , mrs . dusose . you come over hera wher I be talk to yan . it 's teo bad you mama sever live to raise you preperty . Lord iowa what you daddy teach you , why do not they put 2 dresa en you . can not you daddy afford to buy you a dress ? camera full back to mo , shot ix : scout , jem and dili meep on go , they be make very unesm - fortatle ty she . mrs , dusose {screaming } . listen to I when I be talkung to you . do not you daddy teach you 75 yespect old peopla ? and you , young lady .. , . 23 # 1919 - change 2/8/62 4 angle | on sccut — . : ag she freeze as if she imow what 's 5 come ang dread l3. mrs , dubose y-- Jean Louise finck , the child ses atticus caming down the sidewalk and mun . to he . jem : . atticus , this 15 dill , e's mlss Stephanie 's nephew , > atticus rello , Bill . Mrs. dubose see atticus now , too and begin scream . mrs , dross atcious finch ! angle ow atticus as he bow gracefully to she . atttcus good afterncen , Mrs. dahose . the child be try to hide sehind atticus as he pass , she house . ' they begin to giggle nervously er each otner atticus you lock like a picture this efter - noon . scour ( whaspece ) he do not say a pisture of what . atticus my goodness gracious , lock es you flower . ( point to she cameilia bush ) do you ever see anything more beauti - ful ? Mrs , dubose , the gartem at bellingrath have nothing to compare with you flower . mas . dusose oh , I de m't think they be as nice a simvy be last year , 's continued of an mge 23 '' 1919 - change 2/8/62 contlinusd atticus eca not agree with you . I think you yard be go to be the show place of the town . _ jem : ( whisper to 3111 tebind atticus} he geta she interested in somathing mouse so ashe forget +o be mean . continued nie 23 24 ie uw fl91l + thenges 2/8/62 comtlyved '' 7 7 amelea ( tifting he hat again} : Grand sea you , Mrs. dnbose . they move on down the street , close shot - mrs . dubose , jessie Mrs. dubose have a look af senile contentment bm she face , ext . stoewale and yard outsion miss maudie be miss maudie be still worktiog in she yard , the child run if follow by atticus . re crogsag aver to miss maudte . ' the entidran ron inte they yard , two shot -— mlss maddie , afticy atttcus : hers 's you baking soda , mandte. fx ) maddie . thank you , I nate to ' bothar you ( x ) bat I have to male a caka tonight and T completely forget it whan zi order my zroceria today . he start away . atticus very hot today be not it ? wd have raudie : yes , indeed it be , atticus ... ( 2 ) atticus start toward she , maudie Stephanie call mne awhile geo . she be teiling I something about Tom Robinson and the ewell girl . have you hear anything about it ? atticus yes , about four this afterncon sob ewell cama run into tewn lock yor shariff tate , Fe claim Tom have rape and beatan he oldest gixt , mayella , Zeck want out the aobinsen 's and ha deny do 1 + , but heck treught he ' into jail . ccnrtots ( > # 1925 - change 2/8/62 13 continued mauidis I have never neard of Tom in trouble before , have yout atticus bo. calpurnia call from the pineh yard , calpurnia Supper . mapnin well , I be sorry to hear about 44 , atticus so wea L. a panse , they look at each other , . . {x } maudie thank you again for the grocery , atticus , fx atticus geod night , maudie . addie good night . > miss maudie' potrt of View she watch atticus and the child start for they house . dill watch they gu and then start to miss maudie , back tc miss matdie dill come ap to she , l3 you live all alote do not you ? maud ig yes . dill aunt dtephante tell I 221 about four hustenc gambling and run up all thone debt and desert fou and break you heart and then die . I be so sorry to near it . maddie well , I think Stephanie hes exagger - ave just a little bit , aan , my heart 's not braken at ali , and as to be poor , lv do not seem to I like I be any poorer than anyhody else# around here . but thank you far you sympathy anyway . - scontonuz # 1919 ~ change 2/5/62 . 1hea conzinged stspeante ( 0.5 . ) ( ealling } dil — brol itm come . Ze start for he house , maddiz . neall after he ) . good otgnt . dill geed night , Za ruis.across the stress as miss mattie start Zor ner house , dissolve to int . scout room - mo . shot - alticy , scoct she La antresa and in bed . atticus to seat om sha ded . scout be read to bim from '' Robinson crasca , '' scour ( rarr : ading " what I miss most be a companion , Zo bad two cata which I trough ashor on my first raft , and i oad a dog ...7 ( clege the book ) atticus , de you think boo hadley ever come and look in wy window ? jem say he doea . he say this afternoon when we wera ovar sy thatr housa «= < atticus . ( sharply ) s3eout , I tell you and jem to leave that poor people aiome , = want you the stay away from there amc stop tcr - . ment they . yes , a4r . - she cpensa the book to taad , atticus take be wateh oct and look at i% , . cont int= oo aq 29 30 #ig19 i7 continued atticus I think we would better not cead any more tonight , honey . it 's late . scout what tine be it ? atticus elght-thirty . scout can I see you watch ? he give it to he . angle - sccut ag she raad the inseriptior , scour * % ) atticus , my beloved musbend . '' jem say this watch 1s go to be ii : some day , atitcus _ that 's right . scour why ? atticus well , it 's customary for the hey to have hia father 's watch , scout - what ere you go to give I ? atticus well , I be afraid I have not ouch else of value that beleng to I . but there 's a pear ] mecklace and 2 ring that belong the you mother which I nve mrs away and they be tc be yours . seout gmly . attious kiss she cheek . he take ais weten and go toward jam 's room . : atticus gocd night , scout . scour good mizht , oo to #2919 int , jem ? S 200 m jem , toa , be in bed , avtrcus good night , Jen . jem . good night . atticus goe out . tat , scout 's room = close shot - scout she lie in hed thinice . sci ( call ) jem -— tem ( 0.5 , ) yes ? scout how old be I when mama die ? jem ( 0.3 . ) two . scout how old be you ? vem { 0 , 5 , } sax . sccut . cid as I they now ? tem ( 0.3 . ) yes . scout be mam pretty ? Tan ( 0.5 . } yes , ext . front porch - close shot - atticus de have come back to the perch . he rock in tis chair . tae porch he can hear the ahéld 's questisn , continued fro. 34 scout ( 0.5 . ) be mama oice ? jem ( 0.3. } ( as 4f he would answer this question 4 million tine ) yea «= scar { 9,38 , ) } do you love she ? tem ( 0.8 . ) yeu . scout ( o.5 . ) do I love she ? jem ( ¢.8 . ) yes . scour ( 0 ,5 , } De you oiss she ? ter ( 0,5 . ) yes , thers ia aiience . atticus rack , ee listen to the nignt sound . angle widen as judge tatlor , seventy - five , ccme up on the porch . judge helle , atticus . atticus fello , judge . '' Ziad of warm tontsht , be not 16 ? ha taka he nandkerchie ? and wipe he face . atticus eow 's Mrs. tayler ? judge she 's fine , thank you . judge Taylor sit in a chair nex ? to attstenua . int . jem' beorocm '' close szct wen be in bed , listenir . sontinusd cn # 1919 ~ change 2/12/82 2c as continued judge ( 0.5 , ) atticus , you beard a>0 u % Tom Robinson ? atticus ( 0.9 . ) yes , sir , judge ( 0,5 . ) Grand jury will get around to charge rim tomorrow .. I think I would let you ( '' } know it 's you cage , . 35 ext , force - jodge tazlor and alticus ( x} atticus : yea , sir . - pause ) well , thanks for the business , judge . {x } judge thank you . I will send a boy over for you vomorrew when he case come up . atticus yes , sir . sngle widen a judge Taylor geta up . judge itll see you tomorrow , atticus yes , sir . . judge and shank you . . atticus yes , aftr , ajudge Taylor leave , again there 13 silence . atticus reck . be listen to the night 's sound , jem ccme to the peren . continued 36 37 # 1919 - charge 2/8/£2 to continue . can iosit with you for a while ? atticus all sight , son . jem come outside , he greta in he father 's lap , 3 father hold he , rock , mo , shot - atticus , j=m atticus , seout asleep ? ( x ) jem yessir , . do you work hard today ? {x } atytat I work pretty hard , that little ( x ) bey that 's come to stay with Stephanie seam like 2 nice boy , jeu yeesir . ( zx ) atticus Son , you kmow that man who work in Mr. link deas 's yard , Tom rotinson ? jem ~ yea , sir , . atticus well , he 's in troubla , sertous trouble , judge Taylor ask I to take the cage , and I -. ee lock down and see the bey be esleer , he smile down 2 + he son as we : dissclys to int , sttchen - early next morning . mo . shot calpurnia fa at the sink . seout ane jem amt get , to ) come ix , dill calpurnia . geod morning . you 'rs up migaty bright and early , dill I have teen up since four . calzfurnta ( sncreduleusly } geed morning . four ? continge aq # 2519 # 2 37 continged dill ( with great ftonchalance ) dh , yea , I always get up as four . it 's in my blood , you see , my daddy be a railroad man until he get rich , and now he fly aeroplane . ome of this day he 's just go to awoop down hare at maycomb and pick I up and take I for a ride . calpurnza have you have breakfast ? dill oh , yer . calpormia gce out of the xttchan , [ dill movea closer to Jen . e a dill ( whisper ) everytoing be quiet when I leok over av the radley house this morning . ( leak at jem} do you hear boo out last night ? jex bo. jem gst up and walk out of the kitchen , D +li and scat bertnd he , 38 ext , pinch yard and sidewalk jem come into the yard . dtll and scout come up the he , I bet you 2 " grey ghost '' agetnst twe " Tom swifta '' , jem , you will not go any farther than boo radley 's gate , a pause . dill look at jem slzly . dill you be scared to , be not you ? tem ( stalling } I be mat sear . it go past boo radley 's house nearly every day of my iife . continue sq # 1915 23 38 continded scout alwaya rucring . jem ( turioua at she ) you hush up , scout . dill folk to meridian County be not as scared as folx in maycomb County . scout ( scornfully } ivld tell you , you be waste you breath , dill . he 's scared and for do not blame hin . angle widen as scout get sire and siap it back to they . scorr let 's roll in tha tire , : . jem all right . jem take hold of the tire and scout get inside of 15 . ‘hen she 13 inside , jem suddenly push lt with all he aight . . jzm that 'il teach you to call I scared , he push the tire down the sidewalk with all che force of mis body . ft leave the sidewalx , gue across the gravel road tg the sidewalk in front of the hadley piace , through the gate , up the radley sidewalk , '' its the step of thea porch and rolis over on its sida , dill and jem watch thia with naipiess terrer . when the tire have stop , scout , dizzy and sauseate , and unaware of where she 48 , iie on the ground . sem { t=lling franti - faliy ) scout , scout , get away from there , scout , come oan , 39 ext . radley yard scout ratse she head and see where she 1a . she 45 fracen with terror . continted aq 4a #1925 a continued jm ( o.3 . ) } com@e on , scout . do not just lte there . get up , can not you ? scout geta to she feat . she be tremble with fear . exy . simewalz across tee stheet = dill , jem ( terrizy ) go get she , sen , moving shot jem tushes in through thea gata , seta he sister by the sand , then look up atv the house , drop ser hand , runs.up tha stap to the fromt door , teuch it , come run cown , graba tha tire , take bis sister by the hand and start rummicg cut cf tre yard , jem fun for you life , scout . and they run out of the yard , up the sidewalk the they cwn yard . dill ming feat bemind they , when they get to the safety of they yard , they be all exhaust and fal ) cn the sround . bat jem 1s elate by bts feat of touch the radlay house , group shot - scqut , jem , diol comm now , who 's 2 coward ? you teli ' then about this back im meridian County , Mr , d431 ] Harris , bt1ll look at jem with new respect , tc ( aageriy } T will t#il you what tet 's da . let 's go downtown to sha courthouse and see that room they iack boo up in . my auxt say it 's bat infest , anc he almcat die from the mildew . come on , I bet they get enaias down thera and instrument of torture . he start out of the yard . seout and jem reluctantly folly . dessclve Te sq 453 ah e sa be with io in the courthcuse sqpan= - mo , sect a group of four idler sit lewnge under scme '' ive oak treeg . they watch with eagle eye whatever happen on tha Square and in the courthouse . dill , follow by scout and jem , come by they , qne of the man , hiram townsend , recognize scout and jam , he be in bis seventies and be drass in work clothes . - hiram if you be look for you dadd , he 's inside the ¢ourthouse . scout thank you , but we be not lookin ' for -- vem give she a yank and a look and she shut up ane they go ow . moving shot = scout , dill , jem they go soward the courthouse . dill what 's you daddy dein 's up there ? jem he 's '' lawyer and he have 2 gas the grand jury be charge nts client today . I hear somethin’ about it last night when judge Taylor come avar , dill let 's go watch . j=m oh , no , dill . ee would not lize that . dill goe IM the courthouse , followed by seotut and jem . secut and sem aeem worried about follow aut veluctansly decide the . int , courteouse lower floor this + 3 the floar where ail the county office be . the three chiidz -en come in , they loak around . dill where 's you daddy ? he will be in the courtroom . u5 there . continued ™m # l91s - change 2/8/62 we cont isued ns wr he point toward the stair . 4a movteg shot dill , scout and jem solemly climb the stair to tha sacond flee . lt kx oy ?. courtecuse second floor - mo , sa0t tharea be 's small foyer bare and door lead tate the ' courc - room , thay come iw and go to the courtream coor , dill _ you all lift ms up so I car ae what 's go on . jem and scout make '' pack saddla with they amm and [ ill clint up aod peer ic the glass at the sop cf tha door . Bill get vem begin dill hot much {s happen . the judge leoka like he 's sleep . I see you daddy and a color man , tha eolore man look to mar {ka he 's ery . worder what not 's dona to ery ebout . $ 0 aosorb in watch he stop teliiticg . scout ane zo feel the atrain of hold sim up . scour what 's go ont dill : thare be a lot of man sit togethar on on side and one man xeeps point anc yell at the color man , ' they be take the color man avay . jm where be atticus ? dill toca not ges you daddy oew , aither , = wonder where it the world -- angle widen as tehind they cut of a sida docr come avticus , pollowed ty heck tate , stieus go toward they , Zeck tate fee Lee soes on out of cex= foyer . continued in ? amtich scour , jem . what in the worid ar you dotug here ? they woirl around , drop the startlad d421 , vem oh , bello , atticus . _ scour we cam down to find out where boo radley be lock up . we wantad to ges the bat . atticus T want you both back home right away . jem yes , siz . roeert £. lee zwell , a short , bantam cock of a man , come lito foraground . ewell Mr. pinch . Mr , pinch , * atiict tou rum on , chilérec . i'12 sae you at dinner , j=m yas , sir . me. ewell approaphas they . ' tha child look at hie and shen leave to go bome . - mo . shot = bwell , atticus ewell howdy , cap and . atticus howdy , Mr , ewell . ewell seam aervous , iliset - ease , atticus to very cold so 42 . eweli cap 'a , I be sorry they anneint zou to defend that aiager that rape 7 mayalla . I do not mow wey I didntt cont tyued om # 1929 - change 2/22/62 's 48 conttavad - ewelg ( comth ? d ) just ltil bim instead of goin’ for the sheriff . dare you be the sheriff and the taxpayer a lot of trouble , att revs - me. ewall , if you will excuse as , I be tery ousy , ' exell cap and , somecus tell I just now thay think you deliave tem Robinson 's story agin cur , I say no , fou be wrong there . Mr , finch aintt takiat he stery agin cur . Mr. finch ...- ( leek at atticus whe lis syeing he impassivelr ) they be wrong , be not the , Mr. finch ? - at ttocos I have be appointad to defend Tom robingen and now that eat be goarge , that 's what T intend do , . ew=ll you 'ra taicin ' he story agin ours ? atticus if youtll ozsuse mar , Mt , bwall . ctleus start om , sveall block hia way , ewell wheat kind of a man be you ? you get chullun of yaur om , la pause : he logis at attieua ) ss 'x ) he stand aside as atticus continusa on . dissellv ? to ae ext . sidewale t3 front of finch hcts2z - ncok attic come from towc . miss stevhante crosgag from misa maufie 's . they meat in front of fé 3 scouse , a al mag # 1519 - change 2/5/62 '' _ 50 two shot - atticus , miss stzphante stephange of I hear jchn Taylor appointad you to dé@fend that boy wha rape mayalla ewell , at@icus do he rape she ? stefhaniz certainly , he do . 7 atricus how do you know that ? stephanie her daddy sey 30 . atticus and Tom Robinson say he do not . stefeanie well , of course , 1 ° you be gomma vake -- atticus ( interrupt ; he 's anery end let she know it ) ou Stephanie , I think the least we can do mo . . be try he at the courthouse and not a on the sidewalk , pn302 widen as atticus wall toward he house . Ze seea the ghildten play in the side yard , jem hes acisacr and pre - tend he 1s stabbing dill in the leg . cout scream , just as atticus approach they . dizl ( scream in mock tarrer ) wife , wife . run fer nalp . you bao hes lose he mind . scout run away from they scream , . int scouz heint help ! boo have loat sia mind , he *s killin 's we ail . as she run up to the perch , she run fight in to atticus . int sl angle - atticus , jen attricus what be you u@cing ? a tem t playcng , af contincsd 52 #2919 39 continued atticus tosso you be play . give m ' nose seisgor , thay 'rs nothing to play with . jem nand then to bim . he seem very guiity . artricus dee this by any chance beve anythiag to do with the r3adleys ? jem wo , sir . asticus I hope {t doas not , he goas {nto the house , jem peer into the live room wimiow . scaocrT jem . jem ( whisper ) sot up . he 's in tha l*ring room . he can beer we from ia thare , ee motion they to the ¢treat commer . mcving shot as [ iil and scout follow bine dill can we play " seo hadlay " any more ? jem I denott mow . atticus do not say we ¢ould n's . scour i think bs know wrat we be do , jem ( furious at she } there you go imegine thing , just like a girl . that 's wey pecpl bate girl sa . if you be gcing the act lize a girl , you zo plar by yoursel 's . come on , dill , continted m # 1929 a 's . $ 2 coxtisusn d411 and jem go off down the street . angle witem es seeus start for misa maudte 's yerd . miss maudie be alone , waedtog she flower . scout zoe over to ber and squata down bagide ter . scour . miss maudie , ¢o fou think boo badley 'ts still alivet . maudie his name - be a4rtonr and he 's alive , scour how do you know ? maddie I snow bet elive , jeen loutss , because I have not saan he carry out yet . he just steve in the house , shatt ali , would not you stay in tee house if you do = '+ want to come outt scart yea be , tut I would go to coma ont , woy do not bat mauqiz tou know the story a weil as I de . scour tonsver beard woy , though . nebedy aver tell I wer , maudie you know old Mr. radley 's a fcot - wash Baptist . he 's the isd of & foot - washer believe anything that 's a pleeasus be '' sin , misa mandte point over to the hadley henge , maddie child , that 's with sed house . whe know what goe3.on over thers . scoqr Da you reckon boo 's srazz ? maddiz 27 he 's not , a should be . tha thing toat hapren can people . we never reaily acow what harrensa in house bentnd clese goor . what secret == a contined 53 # 1919 wy uo contisued '' 2 miss mandis reachss into ber dross pocket . maudie how would you like to take som pasnuta to this two ugly bor out there and keep some for yourseli ? scour thank you . scout take the peanut and goe out af mig maudis 's house , ext. yiych zabd dill and jem be there , cout come up to they with the pesmut . scour miss maudie send these . ysu wanta peanzt ? tem no. move sot as they start to go out of the ferd towards the hadley house , scout benind they , after they cave laft the finch yard , have pasa miss staphanie 's house , and ets osare the omk by she radley place , she timtdly trias to call to they . scour joa — = ha taras an¢ iock at she . jem vamoose , scour , they save passad tha oak tre and she give uw in éiseust end starta xicking she ground in * ront of the tre . she see a piece of tinfoil aticeing oct of the knot hela and ane reacz in and take out two pistag of unwrapped erm , scout ( call to jem and diil ) eey -=- look what I feund . they vaurm be run to she . what ia it ? 55 36 #2919 with ow foto}. pap 901- 0 ] scour wrigley 's doublemint . i find it in thera , she point to the knot hole and start to por she gum into she mouth . ( scraam , ) banttitt _ . soot pause , ooh do you vant to poison yourself ? you \mow anything find on the radley placa be chock full of poison . you know anybody eat sven a pacan that falis off they tree be pofisonad , scout drop the gun . sci0t ( tonehe by hia concert } thank you for xeeping I frem be - poison , jem . jem that 's all right . dissolte tc ext , finch porch and step - nigh ? sccut and jem be sit '' here . ili come rummtiog into sh yard and over to they , dill I can play outside tonisst aunt Stephanie say because it 's my last aight hare , jam go min toward he . scout sollow after jam . the two bar mun toward miss stethanite 's yard . icsut follew , exd . stowe wall separate miss stephanie's and atticus ! yard sequt , dill and jem isap over the wail . continted . mn # 1919 S cow ? zeusd dill {very casually } let 's go for a weak . scout ( suspiciously ) whoare to , dill ? dt1ll jerk bis bead to the direction of tha radley house , oem {also overly casual ) okay , scorr ( cautiously ) . think we ought to stay right here in mias stephanist yard . 14 en you do not have to com along , angel May . tas boy start to go out of miss steprante 's yard , sceut follow , a7 ex ?. the sdofwaale '' moving sz0t tasy wale down the sidewalk silently , scout foliotng , they can fear the porch swing creak wich the waight of the meighberhood , and the aight murmuhs of cha grewn people on zie street , occasionally , miss stepbamte 's laugh ' 5s hmaad . 53 mo , shot ~ dizl , scout , jem thay pause , listeace . scour kear miss stepoanie laughinz ? dil she laugss ali the time . hind of wild sounding , be not it ? she take a drink of whiskey , too , first thing when she gata up every morning , shs go that because of be unnerve pece by find a rattlesnake ecilse up in har closet , they mev4 cn gown the sisewalx , al 59 6a 41 ub a # 1919 exd . the radley hzcuss , sidewalz and yard they come to the sidewsik and jem stop end look st tos radley boose . dill end scout stand baside he , lock , toa . mo . shot - dill , scout , jam . dill anotis gay ame needa a nip or two during the day , too . say she 's need it ever since she wake up Chat aigkt and find San aadlay lock in she window at aer . the chiid stand for a beat in silence , look at tae dark house scour - waset be you go to dof jem we 'ss go to peep im the window of the radlay mouse to ase 17 we oun gay # look at boo radley . scour jom , please , I be scarsd . - em then go bom if you be sear , I swear , seout , you act more lite a girl all the time . coma on , dill . jom and dill atert on . scout watch for a moment , tran ritas efter they moving sect acotr Walt for mo . I be comizg . jz skoh . tsey wait for cer . jom be whisper now , jz we be go around the back and svawl under she hich wire fence at the rear cf sha radley lot . I ¢o not think we ¢aq 36 see that way . tha chilérer go on quietly to tae beck of the racley szorercy . oh &5 u oo # 1919 ext , back fence of the rapley lot tha fence saclosea a llerge gerden . jem , scout end ditl come tt. jem beld tre sottom wire up and motion to dill to erawl ander , he do so , yeaut follow , theo scout solid up the wive for jem . it ' ia a vary tight squeeze for aim , but not banege to moke it . jem ( woisperiag ) now do not make = sound . moving shot the child cautiousiy approach the house . poor seaut ig ao intimidate oy jem 's warning that sha barely move 5 '' step a minct , end tien when sme look up and see jem quite @ dis - tence ahead , sme begin to move faster . ext . radley ebace Gate they reach the gata woich divide the garden from thea hack yard . jem souchas *t . the gute squeak , group shot - dill , sco ur , sam dill ( vttaper ) spit on it . taey all belp to spit until they have ao xpit leave . scott ( whisper ) dem , you hava we in a bor . we sa n '+ get out of here so eesy . jem seb . spit soma more . thay try to muster up mora spit , and then jom open =ne give slowly , 2 iftang it asida and resving it on tha fence . ext . hadley zack yard and bach 2orce she back yard 13 sven less iovitiag than the front . a ram - ghackle perca run the widta of the souse . there ar seo ' door and two dark window between the door . instead if a soliman , 4 rouge two - by - fow sunport cre sad of the pere , abot it a cat rack catch tue moca an¢ stinas aerily . cont ivced & 7 $ a # 1919 - change 1/21/62 : s77 cost inved scaqr ( protest } jam += oem shank --- whisper my lett try the beck window . scouz ( terrify ) tall , not -— -+ tha boy pay uo attention to ber . moving sect they uruas the yard end go to the back porch . jem put sis foot on the bottom step , the step squeak , es stand stil , then '' vie bis weight by degrea , the step be silevt . jem skip two step , put bis fact on the porch , beave himsel ? to it , and taater a long moment . he cegain bis balance end __ dzop on bis knee . he crawis to the window , raise bis head and look to . Stout suddenly look up and see a shadow , ..it be the shadew of a maz . the back porch be bath in moonlize and the shadow , crisp as toast , move across tha porca toward jer , dill see tc naxt , se pit ois bend to ris face , the ahadow cross jem , jem see it , be put bis arm over xis head and go rigid , the shadow stop abour a poot bevocd jem . its am come out from its sida , drop and ar still , trac it turn and move back across jam , walk along cha sorch god 222 the side of the bousa , recurm as it bad com . jem leap off the porch an¢ gallop toward seqm + and dili . =e fliag open the gate anc puste dilt end secut through , puss they through the collard . scout trip . as she triva «« com qur back yard ... durry , scouz , ( ) ext . tse hace fence jem sold ths sottom wire , scout and dill reli chreuszh , 69 to tia . to 4a # 1519 - change 1/17/s2 moving shct dill and scout run ou . dalfway the they back yer , tmey sense that jam be not with they . eit . the back fence ~ close shot - jem he be there struggle in the fence , kick he pants off to zet loose . scout and dill run to he zs he gata out cof hia pants , hoving shot as the three child - en run back toward they back yard . ext , finch back yard jem , scout and dill come rumning through the bush tehind the garage . they be frighten and breathe sard . they all fall to theiy knee and hucdla against the garage wall . ' they lock at one another but be unable to speak , dit ] carnoat set he bresth and start to cough . he turias bis head in he mmee . jeu finally get up anc peer around the corner of the garege . scout watch hin . . scout - ( whtspering} wnat be fou go the de fer pants , Jen 's co I doe not know . stepeanta ( 0.8 . ) nsall ) Bill : they all jump . : stsphart dill : you coma a in now , ' dill {getting up } I would better gc . stefrantz ( 0.5 . ) pa : ( ealling ) D : ( callisg} come , aun*t 3 tepreoie ! continu es tank t1l -b # 1919 - change 1/17/52 continued dill ( cont would ) ( woasper ) se long . I will see fou vext summer . jem so lang , dill run acrosa the driveway and climba tre fence into miss Stephanie 's yard , . close shot - jem and sccut jem I be goong cack after my pants , seout . . scour oh please , jam . come on in the house . jem I can not ga in the house witheur my pants . he start to ga . scour I be go to call atticus . now shut upt Jew grab she coilar and wrench 1 + tight . Jan scout , atticus be not ever whipped I since I can remember . I want to keep it that way . scour ( choke ) then I 'u gotng with you . jem ne , you be not . you wait bere . i'™ 21 De back before you can count to sen . seout watch jem vault over the low fence and ¢tsarnear to the high bush , she start count . scour 1-2-3 - ku ‘oo 71 - c 7l -5 2919 - change 2/8/62 ext . foich front parch atticua stand at the front deor , call : atticus jem ..- s3cout ... coma on in . right dow , ext . fiwch sack faad scoue - ( count ) - =-=8+9 419 +1212 +13 - 0.8. sourd of seotgun blast scout stand there stunne . suddenly she shut ser eye acc press ber hand over she sar . shs looic as if she 's about to scream , at that momant jem birst through the >ushss and jump the fence crash into 3eout . scour temi jam clap bis hand over she mouth , =h sikhhbt he begin to franticaliy pull om bis pants . 0.5 . we can hzar miss stsepsanze yeluzec . they loos to tha direction of the atreat . ext . strest - stephanie's house sha coma rim off the front perch , ptiil on a room ever she nightgown . stepsauts what bappen ? what hanpenad ? the camera pay ber into the street and we can see atticus ane misa maudie stand in front of the aadiey olace talk < 6 Mr. eadlay who be bold a shotgun . then they tovh start up the strest toward staphanie . stephanie avtlceus , what be itt contint=ed cy bl9l9 - changas 2/2/62 hon 7i-e 6 contiygzd - atticus Mr. redley shot at a prowler in bts { Z ] collard patch . stefeanie moreyt . ( % ) '' macdib ' dell , whoever it be will not be back any time scon . Mr. radlay crobactiy acare they out of thsir wit . camera fan atticus to nis yerd as scout and jem walk up tie driveway . : atticus good night . maudie and stachanie call they '' deed night '' as not walk toward ths houge , art icus scout , jem . comp on now . ths excitemant 's over . tim Zor bed . camera hold a scant and jem . they look at seach ather . than '' bs start for tha house . séout follow . be shey climb the step jem lock hack over bia shoulder toward the radley house . 72 thou 8 8wchitted 7 fad out os # 2915 '' change 1/17/62 a0 ext . pinch front porch atticus stand at the front door , call : - atricous jem ... seout ... coma on in . right now . ext , finch back yard scorz . ( count ) - 8 2 lol - W - 136 - o.s. SOUND G shotgun blast . seout stand there stunne , suddenly she shut she eye and press she hand aver she aar . she lack a3 if she 's ahout to scream . at that moment jem burst throvga the bush and jump the fence crash inta scaut , scour jem ! Jew . clap he band over she mouth . shhbhh : ax he begin to frantically puli om bis pants . 0.5 . we can hear ass stspeaniz yelling , they lock im the direction of the street . PAT . STREET - stephante's house she come run off the fron porch , pull on a rabe cve she nightgown , stephanie what happen ? what happen ? the camera pan into the street and we can see avticas and miss maudie stand in front of the radley place taik the Mr. radley who be hold a shotgun , then they both start to the street toward stephania , stepesante selcus , what La it ? atticus nothing at all . t1 - E aga # 1s29 - change 1/17/62 ona comtinted maudie Mr , radley shet at # prowlar in he collard patch . stephanie Lord , 2 almoat have a stroke . gamera fan atticus to bis yard as seout and jem walk up the driveway . atticus it be probably just som hound scratehing around back there , good night . maudie and Stephanie c#il they '' good night " as he walk toward the house . . atticus '' seout . jem . come om now , '' he excitement 's cvar . time for bed . camera hold cn seout and jem . they look at each other . then he start for the house .. secut follow . as they climb she step jem look back over he shoulder toward the radley house . omitted fade-o0 UT ke st tt ? 3a #1929 az pade lt int , the kitchen - dar atticus and jem be eave breakfast . calpurnia t2 sarve they . mias maudie come into the kitchan , . . miss maddiz good morm . I come over to see Jean Louise ready for she first day at school . Shea go to the table and sit as Cal go to the hail dee and call : calfurnzia seoutt she then go to the stove , geta the coffee pot and go co the table , angle - table as . calpurzta pour coffee , atitcus whet be you go to do with you - self ail morning , Cal , with both the - ghild in school ? calpornia I doe not know and that 's the truth . towas thinicin ' of that jus ' mow . she go back to she hall docr and call : calpornia scout : scout : int , zall scout be there . she have on a dregs and pecis very aweward be it . ' Cal come cut into the hallway , cal do you hear nme , scout ? New , hurry . sal goas back inte the kitchen , int . eitchen Cal come back i¥ and scout follows , siti stserucie enc aweward , jem see she , continted the ce oo pp . jem take at scout . he ts about to make a comment and langh , but miss maucia give he a poke . atticus come on , seaut . bat you brenk*ast , maddiz I think you dress be mighty become , houey . scont be nov reassure ; she begin to tug at it . miss mandte nod she bead to atticus to let he know she approve af the creas . calpurnta ( sternly ) - . now , do not go tug at tit cress , scout , you want to save it ail wrinkle before you sven get to school ? mijas maudte stratgiten scout 's sire . scour . io stitl do not see why I have to wear 'a darn old drass , maoble you will get use to tt . scout sit at the table and start to sas . jem have eat he break*est , all he 's go to , and zet up , lo. so i'm rescy , atticus Son , it 's a half hour before snhoot etart . now wait for - you sister , tem surry up , scout , scout x'o try to . she take a few half - heart aite , then she get up . scout I 'a ready . contingsd 31 82 a3 - 1919 ag contiru=d - 2 | come on , jem start out , scout follow he . missa maudie , attious and celpurnia go a far as the screen door with thez . scout and jem go out the serwen door , group shot - atticus , calpurnia , miss matdie they stand watch the qhiid . calpursia well , there she go , my lose , Mr. finch , be not ao more 'o yesterday it be rocice scout ' go might . ' be not no mora ' 'o yesterday they ' mama be atandin ' here with I watchin ' jem leave for school he f4rst time , a " she say to I then , " Cal ... " ske look up et attiqnus . she see be be uptet , she stop . miss maudie pretend she doesn 's : notice atticus 's emotion , they stand watch in stlence , . dissolve to int , the schocl roch of the fiest grade - full sa0t - tee classroom : . - oe scout finck to there and a few other vow : child , but moat o> the child be country chtldten , Zagm denim shirt and tlour sack - shirt . this country child have all chop cotton and feed hog since trey be bore and they kave mearl > all be in the first grade several tine . the teacher , '' ISS carolive , 15 at the blackboard finish write out the @liphabe , she be a pratty thing , no more than 21 , with sright ausurt n2ir , pink qheel and wear crimson mail polish . ske 21359 wear higa - heele pump and 's red and white stripe dress . mess caroline do anybody imrow what thess be ? student ( in coison } the alphabet , mess caroline my ...are not you all saast ? how many of fou chtid save beer to the first grade before ? : continzeod 83 fan #1929 conthited eighty percent of the class raise its hand , mess caroline mercy . and what 's the reason for that ? robody raise bts hand . mess caroline how , I be new here , wo not somebody tell I ? still no one answer , mo . shot - miss cadoline , scout sha walk toward scout . stopa . loolss dewn at she . miss caroline bo fou mow the siswer to oy questicn ? . scour yes be , I know . ( take a deep breath &nd look up et she ) kost of they have besn in first grade before because they be from the country and have to quit school earty to help thetr daddy chop they cotton , mess carole {after a pause ) eave you ever beer in . the Zinst grade pefore ? scour jo 'r , miss carcling . well , shen , T will start with you , now read es guth of this as you can , full shot - classroom miss carolime goss tack to the biack>oard . she potmt to che alphabet and scout rattles all the letter eff . a thin line appear between miaa caroline 's eyebrow . miss caroline gs to Scott 's desk , stake @ tarst reader with she . miss caroline let 's gee 1 for you can resd this , she hand the beok to Stout , 3519 bes mo . shot - scout , miss caroline seout begin to read the firss reader fluently , miss carelin walk away . scout continue read . misa caroline geste a copy of the " mobile Register '' and hand it to scant . miss caroliae now try read this . the paper be open at the stack page ' and scout pegin read the stock market quotation . miss carolixne {taletng the paper } that 's enough , young ledy . and I want you to tell you father not to teacn you any mor . it wiil toter - fere with you read . scout ( oewtldare ) my daddy ... miss carolixe ( interruptizg sarcastically } if he didm 's teach you , who do ? somebody d4 ¢4 , you wera not bear teading the " mobile Register . '' have a seat mow . . scout sita down , she be very 7 subdued and confuse . she glare as she hear the otuer chiler snicker , miss caroline now will averyene go aewe for lunch raise you right haze , and everyune bring lunch put it on top of he desk . full shot - classecom molassea bucket be put ce top of the desk . miss carcline go wp and down the row inspect thea , she sten at che desk of 2 country boy , small for hts age , walter cunning : angle favoring walter cunningzam miss carcline where 's yours ? walter have no shoe on , but he be weartng a clean shist and some teatly mend cverall , ee do not answer wiss carciina 's we tatc , . he look straight ahead , a muse wump in dis strong aw . - -sntinted oe be &9 . ry #1929 '' c continued miss caroline do you forget it this morning ? walter 's jaw twitches again . walter yes 'a . she reach in the pocket of she dress , geta 2 charge purse , and take out a querter , eiss caroline here 's a quarter , go and eat down - towa today . you can pay ce back tomorrow . . walter no , thank you , wa and , there 1s wolaper im the classzoom , misa caroline , hearing at , torma arcuod , gnotser angle - favoring scout 's some of the child near scout be pole ber and wbdsperizg at she , try to get she to interpret walter to the teacher . miss caroline walic over to scout . + moss caroline fean Louise , whet be you ail whispertng about ? scour ( reluctantly ) that tey 's a cunminsham , teacher , th comtingham terer tock , amprh they can not ? pay Jack . wa churey bagsketa amd 20 scrip stamp . ther never tock ampthimg off of anybody , mess caroline descend on scout , tntermrpting she . miss carolite fean Louise , I have have about _ saough ef you . I warn you to wateh you step , now -- 0 ,8 , SOUND : schocl bell miss carolize all right , shtld , you be dismiss . the civlieren go tear out cf the classreom , secut then , : 52 #igl ay ext , scedol yard scout see waiter cunningham stand it the school yard . she erab hin , throw bia down and begin to rub bis nose in the dirt . jem come ronming up and pull she off , ta cut that out , scout . what do you think you be do ? you be biggern 's '' be be . scout Fe 's almost a5 cid 2a you . besice , he make I start off on the wrong foot . I be tryin ' to explain va ¢heat damm laty teacher why he do not have oo money for 4s lunch ard she bot sore at I . waltar have pick himself up and svand with fis fist haif - cocked , jem look htm over , jex you daddy Mr. walter cunningham frou Old sarum ? walter mod nts head '' yes . '' '' jem com= on home and heve dimer with we , walter , we would be glad to herve jou . walter 's face trighteos , then darken . to we daddy 's a friend of you daddy 's . scout kere be srazy , sne will not fight you any more . do you like butter beam ? we calt a geod cock , walter stand bite he lip , think , mrt net answer . moving sect as jem end scout start on , walter ron up to they , walter i'm come . dessclve tc int . fince live room - dine rach it 1s comfortably , but unpretentiously , furnisz . there 13 2 sofa and two over - atuff chair and 3 rocker to the raor , ccrtisus 93 i # 1513 < & co¥tint=ed through be alcove one can see the dining room . the table be set for dinner and jem , scout and walter be there with atticus . Cal ia serve the food , atticus I hope 42 's a dinner you like . walter look down at hts plate . there be string teana , recast , cormbraad , tezmip amd rice , walter look at acticus . . salter yes , sir . I do not know when I have have roast . we have be heve ict of squirrel and raboita lately . my pa and I go hunt in we spare tine . - . cer " you get a gun cf you own ? walter 's uh beh . jem - how long you have a gun ? walter a year or so , ( he look at atticus ) can I have the syrup , plsase ? atiict tes , certainly , son. ( call calpnrnia ) gal , will you please bring the syrup dtsh ? calpurnia ( a.3 . ) yes , sir , cam atticus , how old be you when you get you first gun ? atticus thirteen or fourteen . angle - favoring atticus atticus I remember when zy caddy give I tie gun , be sold ae : ' never point at continuse EB ‘oo #1929 conti atticus ( cont would ) anything to the house , '' and that he would rather I would just shoot tin can '' im tie back yard . eut he say , sooner or later , ha euppose , the temptation to go after bird would de too mich and to shoot all the Blue jaya I want if I could hit they ; but to remember , it be a sin to ktll a uccltingbird , tem why ? atticus well , £ reckon hecause goclcingbird go u't do anything but wake mudic for we to anfoy . they do not eat peaple 's garden , they do not nest in carn - erib , they do not do ona thing but siog they hearss out for we . anyway , that 's why I think it 's a sin to kt1l a mockingbird , '' {to scout ) eow do you itke schoat , scout ? scuct {memeommt ttally ) all . rtgznt . calpurnia come iyi the dining room with the syrcp < ish . atticus walter would lice it , pleese , Cal . calpurmia take the syrop dish to bim and he begin the four it literally 221 over he food , angle ~ scout sha ts watch thiz procese , ske make a face of disgust . scour what in the Sam hiil be you do , walter ? tne silver saucer clatter as ze piace the pitcher on it and be qcickly put he hand in his lap and dauek nts head , atticus shax he nead at sout to '' eer quiet . scour : but , atticus , he have go end drown he dinner in syrur , and pour s+ all over -- comtinced calpurkia ( interrupt ) scout . . scour what ? calpursta ( she 1a furious ) . you march im that kitchen . I want . to talk to you , scout eye she suapiciously , seea she be in no mood ¢o be trity with , and go out to the kitchen , calpurnmia stalk after she . 95 int. eltchen scout enteh , faliow by celpurmta . calpurala there 's some folle who do not eat like we , but you be not call om to contradict they at the table when they do not , that boy 's yo ! 's com n'noy , amt tf he want to aat up the table + cloth , you let kim , you hear ? an! if you can not act fot to eat at the table , you can fist set here a ! cat in the kitchen , calpurnia send she through the ¢inisg room doer with a smack , 96 iat . dine room seout , mich humble , come in . she keep she eye down and geta she plate and go hace CUT to the kitchen . retcher jem , walter ag atticus notice she . ST int . so°ch=n calpurnta be still gloware when scout come in . scout shoese she a dirty look . she putz she piate on she table and start t> eat , she be furious . scout ( take all ner frostra - tion about school out on calpuraia} you wait , fou mean oid calpurcia , I 'ma go tc ftx yor , ome of this day when you be not loalctin ' , I 'il go off amd drow myself in Baker 's eddy and thea you will be sory , conzlycad ts co 98 39 . # 1919 a catinve . jem and walter come mere the ittchen and go toward the screen doar . vu so long , gal . thanks for dinner , he and walter go on out . scout jump up and minute toward th diding room , '' dst , domor - how atticus be loclring at a paper emi finish & glag cf tced tea . scout run over to hin , close shot - atticus , SccUT '' atticus , I just can not stand calpurnia mo longer , : er cus now , scout - «= scour ica not . you just have to fire she , she like jem better 's I and [ 1 sha be about to cry and to keep from cry she rom . out of soe house , she go mmnét out the front , atticus hear th , front door slam . 0 ,8 , soumd : door slam be sigh , put he paper down and go out . ext . a corwzh of the house - close shut ~ scott sha ts cry . amtcus ( 9.3 . ) } scout . seout , she hear she father end comtrol she ery . angle widen as atticus come up to scout . atticus scout , shat in the world as gcsten in to you ? we could not get along a silogle day without cai , scout turz to she father to explain , take I '' 00 k at 4 a and burst out cry again . continued es * 161 102 103 ut hw #1925 contiiyed atiecus now , now , now . he take she in he arm , mo . shot = scout , atticus soout wipe cet eye . scour atticus , I be not go back to school guy more , atticus how , scout , tt 's jjuat the first day . close shot + scout , atticus . . . gcecot T I do not care . everything go wrong . my teacher get wad as the devil at I and say you be teach meat to read all wrong amd to stop it . and thec she act like a fool and try to give = waltex cumningham a quarter whan every < body know cunningham will not take aethin’ from nobody . Amy foal could have tell she that . atticus how , scout , maybe she 's just nervous . i3 's she first day teach school , and be uew hers , secuT ch , attlova , angle = favoring atticus : atticus mow , wait a minute , if you can learn @ single trick , scout , you will gat _ along a lot better with all icind of folx . you never really understand a berson until you consider thing fron bis poiov of view , scorr sir? atticus tatil you clinb 4 nto he akin and walx arcund in it . continued lok # 1919 continued scout but tf I keep gost to school we ea not ever read any more . 's atttcuus do you know what a compromise be ? ahother angle ~ favoring scout as she consider he queation . scour bemting the- Law ? atticus hove .40 agerement reach by mtual consent . [ tt work this way ; +f - you 'l2 concede the necassity of go to school , we will raad the aame every tight , just as we always have , be shat 2 bargatur scout yes , s42 . atticus ~ all 's right . how burry back to scheaol or you will be late , angle widen - 2s sha starte on . atiicus scout -- = she panse , . atticuss by the way , scout , yoa would better not say anything 2 % school about we agreement , scour why not ? . atticus I have a feel . that if you teil : miss caruline that we read every might , she will get after as , ard I woule m't want ber after not . scour yes , sir . she go out cf the yard . attious watch she ed . bissolt to 0t #2919 5a ext , the finch garage ~ niget attéieus back the car ’out , it 1s a old car , not very walt keep . scout and jam come run toward hia . '' scout ( yell ) — Tet we go with you , avticus . atticus keep than moter remming acd chil omt of the window , . 's atticus no , I have to go to the country co business . you will just get tired . scour no . not I , [ I woult gev size , '' atticus well , will you promise to stay in . the tar 's whila igo taik to halen — Robinson and not nag mar about leav ~ ang if you do get tired ? scout yes , be . atticus all righs . climb to . scout and jem run 20 x the car . jem get in the back seat , scout get beside she father . scour who 's selen Robinson ? atticus sbe 's the wife of tha man I 'a de - fend . the car move on , dissslve to int . atticus ' car ~ moving shot ~ night - process seout be a@stecp in thé front seat ! atticus look ¢own and see she 14 and pull she clicser to bim . dissolve 7 ext . tom robinson's ecuse ax ? yard - nicet ts be a small , ngat ncuse anc yard . Tom 's son jam 's be , '' play ih the yer¢ . attious ! car drive up : playizg and watcre the car , helen raceinson door of tne house . she nas a stacy it ser a chilfre hang on ‘he : 2s3 .° atticus cey cause é go to she corsh , call ts tne bey : contingss un 'w sq 919 107 continued atticus hello , go . tom , jr. hello . '' athicus goss up on the porch , atticus - hello , delen . hello , mr. pinch . atticus to cama aver to tall you about aay visit with Tom . helen yes , sir . come to . helen hold the door open for atvicus , amd they go in . the iv bey , fom , Jr. contime stare at jem for a beat , he the oe look off toward the dirt road . jem turn and look to cne same direction . . 108 jea' f0v dewn the dirt road , dounk , towards the car , come Zobh ewell . 169 back to jem iw car jam be frighten and start to leave the car , and then remen - bar the sleepiag scout . he climb inte the front seat beside he sistar , all the while watch the approach of ewell . jem ocall to yom , jr.} would you tell oy daddy to come cut here , please . Tom , Jr , ram inte the house . 210 tnt , car - night jem get clase the scout and watch Zwell get closer ard cicger , 123 ext , car - nicat T swell come rignt up to the car and stare in tha window az scout and jem . he ia unshaven and dirtz and look as 12 he '< be on a lang drunk . - he be unsteady and heléa on to the size ef continued sq 1 ile 114 126 ii ? #1915 6 continued ef the car , stare at the swo child . sticous come to sh car , ewell stare drunkenly a¢ hin . . int , car - atticus = night atticua geva in the can > beside scout , ext , car - atticus and sem Pov - nigh ? ewell take 3 swig of whiskey '' rom a bottle he haa take from bis back pocket , and go reeling off dawn the read . bace to atticus and jam ~ sigh ? jem climb into the back seat , atticus start the car . ent . atticus : car - moving shct - night - prccess atticus turn the caz around and go slowly back dewn the ¢sc7 read , the light of the car pick up bwell stand dzunkenly in the middle of the road leok like some terrible figure of wrett atticus have to slow the car down to almost a crawl , in crder t- pass , ewell without hit he , aa he panaas , Zweil yelis : ewell rigger lover . nigger lover . jem lean across the frent sest and put bis hand on he father 's shoulder . atticus sense the boy 's fright and pat he hand . scout sleep through it all . atticus wo need to be afraid of hin , son . e's dunk and he 's alj bluff . jem yes , ain . they drive cn , leave tha drunken fury of a man shouting in the darimass . dessclye 70 ext , front of finch house - night atticus drive the car up . int , atticus 's car - night atcicus glance back at jem , atticus there ara a lot of ugly thing in shis world , son . gf course , I wish could keep they ail away frcm you , t that 's never possibie . atticus lean down and lift the sleep seaut eff the seat . =p 128 ig i20 121 #2919 57 ext . pinch sduewalk and fard - wight atticus carttes scout toward the howse , a caipurnia come CUT from the kitchen , '' aeticus if you will wett until I can get scout to bed , Cal , I will drive you ome . calfurnta tea , str . he starta for tke house . int . scout room - night atticus come lf wit scout and start to uadress sar . 2qd . fone front porch - night jem be there am atticus ccme out , atticus jem would yoo be afraid to wait here with scout until I get cal home ? - . . of T _ ne. atticus go soward big car . ert . finch sidewale and prcnt yard - jem 's pov - niget jeu gee he father get int bis car and start orf . a tree rusty , a shadow pass over vhe porch where jem si%3 , 4 night bird call . close shot — jem - night ' be 1s strike with sudden terror , 4a start the rau foward the radley piace in the direction of he fatrer 's car . ext , sidewal - moving shot - nigat jem fcalling ) '' jatticus , atticus , atvicus . jem vung @ while lenser , past the radley oex , caleing " atsious , atticus . " he realice it be futile and stop . 124 125 126 128 # 1g9t - change 2/12/62 5 glose shot - jam - night he freeze . he see something in the imcthole of the cak wee where scout find the gum . it be gleam and reflect the moonlight . he step , look around , ' and aticky he hand be the jmothole afd take cut a | shany necal , he quickly put tt in bis pocket . err . sidewale - moving shot - higet jem >00s past tha hadley house , into né . yard and inta the house . - dissolve to ext . tee school grojnd - dat it 'is a véry cold morning and the childven ar dress in coat , rat , etc . groce shot - sccul ad some child they be play munbiety pes , a boy , cecle jaccce , who be scovt 's age , come up to the group and give she a shove . cecil . deutt play with she . her daddy defend nigger . . '' 7 gce n tt you take that back , . cecil _ twont't , you dadey 'a low down -- - ( z} seout light into he and thay begin a rough fight . the cther child gather around and tegin yelling , egging then om . vem come into the group and pull scout cff cecil . tex scout , stop that , geeil run off . the ather child move awat , close shot - vem holding scout scorr you heart what he say soout atticus , tz ] what do he mean bf toat ? jm ' you esk atticus when he ceme hous , eetll expinin isto you , and cut out the fight , you hear ? contiiced jt 128 130 2315 ml 4 ceatinyged seout brushes hersalf off and fem start beck to the child . dissanv= ta ext . the finch front porch - apterycay soout sit on the front step . atticus come inte the yard . sha run to hin . : * seour asticus , do you defend atgoror ? agTicus gf course , I do . and de m't say '' nigger '' , scout . : scaur T do not say it , cecil jacsb do . tuat 's why it bad to fich he , 7 atticus {sterniy ) } Z @o not want you fight , scout . ae scour iehad to , attlieus , he -- atticus ( interrapt ) I dé n’€ ¢are what the reason eat , TI forbid . you to f4zbt . scout yas , sir . he sit on the step . she sit beside bim . close hot - scowt , atticis atte anyway , I be simply defend a nagro , Tom 2obinson . scont , you aren ' 's old enough to understand some thtngy yet , but there 's be som high talk arcund town to sha affact thet I seould i't do mich about defend this mac . scout ifyou should not be defend hin , eh way sre you doin 's itt run a - hor ed 132 133 . 4a anygie - atticv atticus for a number of reason . tke main ome be , if I do not , I could not oold up my head to town . I could not sven yell you or jam not to do samathing again . ( put at arm grcund she ) : scout , youtre go to hear some ugly talk about this at school , but I wart : you to pramisa I you will do ona thing for I . that you will not gat int fight over it , mo matter what {s say to you . angle witens as attima get up and goe insidb the house . seout see jam on the stcewalk and goss toward hin . lling sb {oar toward he ) you know what atticus say ? Ze say -- scent pause as ske watch jem . anct - scqut she seo jom walk most peculiarly with eis foot ot and nis arm hold the bis sided . heois do hia tmitation of ancian egyptian . eon run to mest he . whan shes geta abdous five foot from he , she become eware of he peculiar walk and atcpa and look more clossiy . mo . set + scour , jaw scout what ar vou do ? vem g walling like a egyptian , we wera gtud about they to jchool . teacher say we would not ba no place without they . scour ta that so ? geo 9 # 2915 13 h 9 movime shot - scout , jem she begin to try to imitate nis walk . they go towerd tie radley . jam the cradle of civilization . they imvent embalm and wolilet paper . he see she imitatiox . Ze stop amd go 2 Hay , imaal and take bar feat . vam . that 's wrong , scout . ' tou do you foot this way . - he take she foot and try to fix they . he ts ' meel in front of the radley oak tree wlth she knothole . 135 close sr0t - scout , jem , oak tree while ba be kneel , scout glance around at the oak and see two figure carve aut of soap in the kmotkole , '' 3 ccuT lack , jam , she point to the figure and get close beside him and peer at vhenm , scouT think they 'ra poison ? jit wea . scour why not ? ta T get my reason . he tenderly takea swo soup figure cut of sie knotbol , one be the figure of a soy , the othar wear a crude drag , scour ieokea here , jem , tha doy have hair in front of he egebrow like you do , on ia jem and the girl wear bane lixe rou , * this be we . scour let 's show thom to atticus , gee 335 136 oa ' 137 q atk 1 ? sp 4 with on no j=a Ho , dontt do that , scout . letta have this we seere . let 's write '' letter thankiz 's he , sccUr him shot tem the person that leave they hers . . scour how do you know it 's a bin ? tem I get my reason . come on . i't 11 put this away io my room , they start on towards they bouss . dissclvz to imt. j=am 'a boom scout and jem come in . he take down a cigar box end put sie figure avay . - scour what else have you get in thare ? tex dll show you some day . he puta the ciga > box away . he find a pencil acd paper , jem read as he write , jem dear sir . we eppreciate the -- yo , we appreciete everything woich you rave gut in tha tree for we , your very truly , jareny atticus fioch , scour he will not mow who you be if sou sign it live trat , tem jem srase he nama a ? write : '' jem fineh . " ee sand toe Paper to scout aud she sigma : " Jean Louise pine ( scour ) , they sake the letter anc go yunnisg out . ext . sddewalz 2y radley 2ak tree Mr. radley be by the oak tree . ee be cement up the knot - cole , jem and scout come up with the letter . continued bs 137 138 139 # 1519 + change 1/17/62 53 continued . jem why eat you dotn ' that , air ? mb . radlet the tree 's dyin ' , you plug ‘em up with cement when they be sick , you ought to know thet , jem . jem yes , siz . > fam seem withdraw and deject . he start gown the street toward he house , then start run . scout run after hin , tht . pince live room ~ atticus jem and scout come ix , atticus be seat read , jem go to tts father , . close ssot - atticus , jar jm atticus , you imow that oak tree by the badley place that have the imot - hole ? Mr. cadley cement it up . when I ask he why , he sai¢ it be a disease tree . do you think thas tree be disease ? atricus if Mr , radley say i+ waa , < scess it be , jem , jem - yes , sir . jem move over tc the window , he seem very puzzle , scour atticus , how long de I have to keep that promise not to fight ? atticus forever , scecut , jam walk tawamd bia room , scout look at ker Father ag 42 she can not believe what she have just hear . scour porever ? atitcyus ( ftiraiy ) yes . forever , scout look at atticus for a mement end the run down the c3it 146 . bt # 1919 it. j5m' room jem be thert om he bed with he cigar bor , seaus come [ be ths roc . scoct tou meow what atticus aude mo prumise ? hs make mo -- she see the scac figure , stop , thao sutice tha cigar bex and she gue toward the bed . soorr . dom , what do you have in thet box ? jem if I show you , wlll you never tall anybad7 ? she shake she bead '' no , '' Ze open thse box . close shot - 3 cout , jem taney look {nto the box . he open ths top , there be a spelling medal , a pécket watch , some genny , a break pockatimif , be take the medal cut and hold 46 up for scout to see . sha be _. wide -ey . jaa T find all this io the knothole of that tree at differant time . this be a spalling medal that they use to award in school to speleing wine dera befor we ware bear . acd an- osher day I find thig «= ( holda up the pocket watch} - &ud this - ~ ( heid up she pockstknife ) and scout , you know somethiz ! alse I never tell you about tra sight I west dack tc the . hadlay 's ? scour . somethin’ alse . you have nevay tell I anything about that night . jem well , when I get there ... wall , I rae member vhec I ves get out of my breach , the first tim they be all in a tangle , and I cauld y't zat they loase . and yet . wen if go back shez ccovpintio 42 143 #2gte 55 contitsd jem ( conttd} be fold across tha fence like they be oxpectin ' mar . and somethin’ alsa , thor bad teen sow up where I would tore they , wot like - a lady sew they , but all creokad , ike something ! 's T would tey to da , scout gan T bold something ? , ie sure . . sbe reach in and take the watch . close shot - scout , sha {3 look at the watch . she {e guggle -ey . jem bold she soap figure of the boy add girl he find im the knothote . camber pugl into close sag ? of thes two soap sicure . tray louise's voice it waa to ba a Long time befere jam and I telked about foo agmin . - dissolve to ext . radley rouse Zarly to February . seaat mar sem con by . taey be use stick as gun . . . tasty loviss '3 volce Christmas come and vas gore , oom have a birthday . gtherriss , the time be quiet and uneventful until one day eerily fot fobruary , jem and = I dacide to go bunt , she and jom have stop . she watcha jem for a beat . scour what be you look at ? tau that old dog down yonder . cohtimved é 1 n. zac ms 46 scout that 's old Tim johnsen , be not 4t ? weat 's he do ? tsm ido not know , scout , wa batter gat home . thay start run taward they house . disseuve to tet. edpcsen calpurnia be there . jem and scout roy ik. wee Cal , can you come down the sidevalx a minute ? there 's something wrong with a old dog down yonder . sem galp like a goldfish , humch he shoulder and switch pia torac , =u Zet go like this , only not like he mean to . calpurnia be he ronmming ? : tes no , he 's just mossyin ' along . 30 slow you can hardly tall it ; get comint this way . she and tha child go out the door . ext . the yaad - moving SUT calpurnia , jem and scout run throng thea ferd so tha spat beyond the radley place where the aaw che dog . they stop , lock . ext . ter STREET - tsetr polet of viiw taey see tha dog , apt much more than a speck in the distance , walxizg erratically , as if he right leg be shorcar chaz bis leave leg . conrivi not q on '' fl scour ha look like 4 car stick in @ sand ded , jem 3e 's sone lopatd . reverse 4 ngiz - moving szot calpnrwis goat ths childrea ty they shoulder and start 2 punt tome . disso dva to int , kitchen cgalpuroia acd the child 309 ty . she go to the telephone , shcutimg in bar exsitement , but firat , she close tha omtsize door , calpur ta ( iam recetrar} give I Mr , finch 'a office , {a pause} my. finch , this ia Cal . I swaar to gad , timre 's = mad dog dow the atpeet apinca . e 's comin ! this ver , yea , sir , hea 4s , Mr , phoch , = declare be be . gld Tim sehnson . yas , air , tas , air , yea . she hang up and 34 ftls the phone agaiz . calpurnta miss sule May . no , malam , I be through talxin ' to Mr. finck . please do not comnsct m no mom . listen , miss Zula May , can you tell miss maudte and miss svepcanie Crawford end uho ~ ever 's get a ohote on this street end tall them a mad dog 's comin’ ? please , me! be , ( a pause ; she listen tc miss eula May ) I know be 's fearuary , miss tula May , but I imow a mad dog woen I a¢a ona , please , ma'am , surry . dissclvs exd . tr STREET and fince so0 sz - movigg szc™ Te ia quiet and deserve . a tleck pore sw way , seicus acd tha sherift , fsce tat , a@ spav7 cifla , they go up on the sack 30 door , into tha ¢rite - t3ut , tate jem coen tie jt 15 '' 152 ~ rh #2929 ext . fich bace porce attic stay tnside , son . where be he , Cal ? caeiportta come of U % on the poreh . she point down the street . sha aod the two man stand on the rorch watch down the road . the child stare out of the scrasa door . - bed . thk steset = there point of view they - see the strest , desert . the mecktogtird be silent . trere ts = total stillness . heck tate snitf , and then slow he nose . he sitift the go the the oteck of he arm , . atricus ( s6ftly ) there he be . _ they see Tim jcbiaoh come into sight , walk dazedly in the immer rim of a cure peraliel tothe eedlay place . um he 's get it all right , Mr. pinch , Tim foiasonm be still '' advanciog wt a snail 's nace . he seam dedicated to ome course end motivatad by a invisible fore — shat foctke sim towards the finch 's . he reachash the strest which ram tm front of the eedisy " place . da pmusex a if with what be leave of bts poor mind he be tering ts consider what proud to taka . ha make a few tesitant step , reach the radley gate , try to turm aronnd but be erving difficulty . bace to scene + atticus , calpurnia , seck tate ~ on face forcru atticus hatz within range , heck . go inside , cai . calpornta cper thé seraen door , sehas i5 tehkind ker , thes unleteze it and hold on to the hook . jem and seaut pas out from under she ar , tate take bin , Mr. finch . he hand the rifle to atticus ) scour {in terres for het father} . oh , co , m>. tata . Fe do not mow how to shoct . contingsd 152 153 15 k 185 1sé 157 # 1929 - change 2/5/62 49 contivued attscus ( shaking nis need vehemently } De no* waste time , heck . tate . for godtg aaka , Mr , pinch , pe 's get {x to be kill sight away before be atart run , look whare bea ls. I cantt sheot that wall and you lmow it . at tiicus to hate not shot a gtm in twenty yrer : . heck tate almost throw the gum at attieng . . tate . I would faai mighty comfortable if you aid now , attious eccaptsa ths gun and walk off the porch , ex= . the yard - moving shot attioun wale out of the yard and to - the middle of the street . he raise bis glass , push they to he forehead . ' thay alip down and he drop they in the street . in the silence , wa can hear they crack . atticus , blink bard , rub he aye acd wa chin , ext . the STREET awd tim johnso '' = avricuS ' rory T of view Tim johracon have make up hia mind , he take two step forward , stopd , raise he head . the dogt bady go ricsid . back 10 scene - atticus I STREET his kend yack a sall-tipped lavar as bs drdicg tna gun to sis shouleer , the rifle crack , Tim soncson leap , flop over , and crumpy on tha sidewalk . exe , the bach porch gack tate jumm off the poreh ané ron toward the radliart , =xx .. the STREET atticus stoops , pick up bis glass acd eriné the broktec lens to powder , and walk toward the dog . sq 154 159 # 1919 with ex . back porch dem andi scout be dumbfounded . scout regeina she senseg first and pinch jam to get he move . they rur out of the door , ext , the strzet Rack tate and atticus be walk toward the house , they meet . the still awestruck scout and jem , the child approach atticua reverently : atticus do not you go near that dog , you understand ? he 's just as dangerous dead as aliva . vem yes , sir . atticus -- atiicus what , son ? . jem nothin ' , tat whatta the matter , bey ? can not you talk ? do not you mow you daddy waa the beat shot in this county ? atticus Zush , heck . let 's go back to town . ogoe to the childsen ) remember , now , do not go near that dog . jem yea , sir , tate I 'il send Zeebo out risht away the pilek kim up , Ze and atticus get im the car and drive CFF . jem and scout , atill stunne , stand watch then gc . tem gome cn , scout , I gav some money for ay birthday and let 's go dow - town ard [ ' 12 vreat you to anything you want . ' come on , it aq 166 1621 # ig19 - changas 2/12/62 7 : ext , sidewala - moving shct scout and jem be rumming , they come to Mrs. dubese 's . jem atart to sprint , scout after he . fust es they reach hear gate , jassie wheel she vigorously onto she porch , and she spota the child , scream : teat . mes . dusose I guess you be proud cf you father - new . tem yes be . jem stop and face she . scout pult at he to contime on , hrs . pubose why be you so proud cf bint jem ( shouting back deftantly ) because he 's brave and hecause he 's she best shot in maycomb County and dacause — mas . dobose Way be you so proud cf that ? nobody ¢lae be proud af he . Old , ugly , nhearsight thing . what 's . he do to be proud of except dwfend black trash that ought to be — = a ae jem mes. dubose , mar 'am -— mas . duhose ( scream at he ) watch qut he 's sot shot down in the Street one of thease day , she way he shot that dog . vem 's face ts scarlet . they good spirit have all teen deflate . close moving shot '' jem and s5ccut they continue on down the sidewalx , scout ( anxtously } do not contradict she no more , jem , continued al 161 ~162 ~163 164 #191 Te continued jem do not answer she , scout folicwa ajlently after bin . suddenly , jem grab a stick and run , flail wildly , up the atep inte Mrs , dubose 's front yard . scour { screamiyg } do not , jem , she will ttle you , jem , she have that piatel , you know , that «= with great violence , jem take the stick and cut off the top of every camelliz bush in the yard . the yard be litter with green bud and leave . there igs a scream from Mrs. duhose as she see what be happen . . jem ( screar } I hate you , Mrs. dubose . I hate you , I hate you . dissolve to int , finch live room scout and jem be stand at the front windew morosgely watch - ing the street , ext . mas . dubose's yard atticus come out of Mrs. dubose ' 's house , he seem extremely tired and very sadden . he stand for a moment in the yard cock at the wreckage and then stoops down and pick up 2 break camellia bud and the stick and start walxizg slowly and thoughtfuliy home , iw ? , finch live room the child be still at the windew , they hear the froct door siam , 9.3 . sgund - door slam they trace themelive for be explosion , and when there ts sete , and atticus do not even appear , jem look at seout aod of sere Silent understanding , they decide vo go find sia , anc they gs qut af the recom . as # 1919 - change 2/12/52 v: 165 int , atticus ' 200 m he be sit om the bed , the flower and tke stick heatde hin . he lock up and see the child . de paint to she flewer and the stick . atticus sen , be you resfpousible for this ? : jex ie : yes , sir , she say terrihle thing about you defend Tom bobtnson , she say ... '' atticus ( 4ntarrupt ) E do not care what she say , I never think you would be the one I would rave.to worry about lose cts head ever this . ta do something like thts to a’sick , old Lady 1a in ~ excusable . ge down and hava a telk with mra , dubose . , come straight home afterward , be jem do not move . i atticus . go on , I satd , jem start CUT ef atticuat room . sccut follow after he , atticus come back bere , scout come back . dissolve t29 166 int , finch live rocm , atticus ami scout ar# there , jem 'some in . he seem very subdued , atticus look up at hia , 167 aagle , on jem . , be stare at the rug while tallcing . jem st vold she = waa sorry , . but I ei not , {a pause} atticus , she wanta I to read to she , '' + . she want we to come every afternoan after school and Saturday and read the she out land fer twa houre ? < ticus , ef do Z have the ? contlate 1 be g 6a ih i oe ] ee ved atticus certainly . : tem but she want we to do 1t fora month , atricc then you will da tt far a month , jem . dissclyz to irt . mrs . dubose's haliway jem amd scout enter , jem ia cerry a copy of '' tvarhne . " he khoce on the secend decr om the leave , jessie open a wooden door and unlatchet a screen door . ske peer out at they . jessie - who tay you to bring you sister , jem fach ? mrs , dubose ( 0.5 . ) let ‘em both in , jessie . jassie apen the door for they . int , mrs , dubose's room in the corner af the room be a brass bed , end in che bed 12 Mrs. dubose , there be 4 marble - tep washstand by she sed , and on the washstand be a glass with a teaspoon im it , 2 sec ear syringe , 2 box of absorbent cotton , and a steel alarm slock stand on three tiny leg . Mrs , dubose glare 2t the child 3 = they enter . mrs . debose so yau bring that dirtr littis sister of yours , ¢id you ? tem fquietiy ) my giater be not dirsy and I be not scare ef you . she glare at they , but do not centinue with a tirade , wes . dubcse you may commence read , veremy . contvinvsd al 169 179 # 1919 ccntinted jem sit down on a cane sottom chair and cnen " tvanioe , " scout pull up another chair like it . mrs . dusose come cieaer . come to this side of the bed . anotseh anglz ~ favoring mes . durose the two chijd move they chair . they be close to Mrs. dubose , she ts horrible , user face ia thea color of a dirty pillowcase , the corner of she mouth glisten with wet , which inch like glacier down the deep groove of she chin , Old age liver spot dot she cheek , she pale eye have black pin- point popil . her hand be knobby and the cuticle be grow up over she fingermatis , her bottom plate be not +n , and she upper lip protrnudea . from time to time she move the netbe> lip to she upper plate and this make the wet move faster , mrs . dubose woat time doea it say om the clock ? jem ( look at clock ) 4a quartar to three , brs . dubosz ' ereceed , Jeremy , jem begin read . jamm ivanhos . chapter one . '' thus con - wune this while the they lowly dome , the fullef swine return would with evening home , compell would -- the the -- mes . dueose you skip a word thers , you numb - skull jem I can not promounce it . mrs . duecse then spell it . jem yes be , r-2-l-u-c-t-a-n-t to the several sty , with din 0- 5b -s-t-r-z- p-e.r-0 - U -' and ungrateful cry , pissglvs to 171 172 173 - 1 a # 1919 int , mes . dubose's rcom the clock say 4:25 . jem be read . another angle . mas , dubosz she lay back on the hed , the quilt up to she chin , oniy she head and shoulder ar visible . fer head begina the nove alowly from side to side , she begin from time to time to open she mouth wide , and she tongue undulate faintly , cerd of saltva collect on she lip , she draw they be , then onen she mouth again . her mouh seem to have a private existence or its own , iv work separate and apart frem the rest of she , out and in , like a clam hole at low tide . occasionally , it saya " pt , " like some vicious substance come to a boil , sequt pulis at jem 's sleeve . he look up at scout and then at the ded . her head make its regular sweep towards they . je Mrs. dubose , er you 2 li might ? she do not hear he , ' the alarm clock go off , make a loud , sanny ring . the child almost jump out of they sicin , tessie come hurry id , jessie shoo . you all ron home now , it 's 3:30 , time for she medicine , the child go out of the roon , . dissolve to int . mbs. dusosi's room the child be there , close to ber bed , jem be stail read * ivanboe . '' . jem " on the lower step af the throne the champton be make to kneel down . indeed this whole action , since the fight have end , seem rather to have be upon the -- " there ig a encce on the dcor , mrs . dusose ( scream } come in . atticus come into the roan , atticus I be come tome 2 >em the effice and do not see the chitd . I shought they right be ere , continu=sd 34 173 174 # 1919 ccntinued he go over to the bed and tax mies. dubose 's hand . she amiy at sim . mas . dubose be you kmow what tim tc 19 , atticus ? exactly fourteen minute past five . today the alarm clock + 3 aet for five thirty , I want you to know . that . scout why do you set that alarm clock far a different time every day , Mrs. tubase ? you keep setving it later and later . : atticus puta he hand on she head . - atticus I have a faeling jem 's day be tumbere , Mrs. dubase . mes , dubose only a week lomger , I -think . just to make sure . jem get on of hts chair , jen but «= atticus put cut bis hand and jem remain aflect . Mrs. dubose settles back on she pillow . she seem very withdraw , atticus come on , chiid . gead night , Mrs , dubose . she do not answer . ha start out , pcllowed by the child , int , mas , dubosi's room jem and scout be there . angle ~ mrs . dubcse she seem very alert . vem ( readtn } " the whole assembly wear a aspect of the most profaund gravity ard in -- ccontinv=2 co 176 li ? #1919 28 continued mes . debdss cinterrup ting} thattll dc , dem clasas the '' beak , mb , dubcse it 's six tairty . tall yaur fathar that . they rise to go . mes . dure ane that 's all . you neednt come beck any .mra , good day to you . jem and scout go out of the rvom . sx . mes , dubose be yard + twilight . vam iam free , I be free . Za give e " weocp '' and scout give @ " whoof . '' they start rumming out af she yard , laugh and yell . jessie come onto the porch . he be very arcite , . Tse ( call ! vem pinch , jem finck , fem and scout hear she and stop , ee yes ? jessie would you rum home fast a you can anc ask you father to come hera , pleass ? to tea . es gense jessie 's panic ané teara ous of the yard , scout behind he , : dissclvs to ist , finch live sccm - nigar ~ so sy jém and scout be there resd , aiticus ccme in , continusd mig # 1919 - change 2/8/62 '' a ' oo 177 continued se atticus . hira . duhose ts dead , shilcrer . they lock at he , . atyicus she 's bétter off . she 's not suffer - { Z} ing any wear , : & panse . you punishment , jem , serve a larger purpose then any of we intend . 176 close shot - atticus , jem , sccut atticus - Mrs. dubose tock morphine as 2 pain ( z ) killer for year . the doctor pos she on it beaause she have arthritis . she would have spend the reat of she lite om it and die without suffer , but she be too contrary . she say she be go to leave this world beholden to nothing and nobody . the mean to break herself of it befor she die , and that 's what she do while you be read to she . jem yeastir . atticus I be glad you get to see what real courage ig , son , jem yessir , jem goe <¢ the window and ieok ont , seaut foing he , atticus go to they and put he arm around chem . lissclye tc 173 ext . finch front porch and step - late apterncon atticus 1s on the porch half - read he paper , hal ? watch continted # 191 '' se contintsd seout end jem in the yard , jam have '' baseball and 4 glove , seont be watch samesh on the sidewalk . camera foll '' 4 to close shot of with pill bug lie om tha sidewalk , seaut 's Band reach into the frame and be about to smash the pill bug when wa hear jem 's voica yell : jah' voice do not do that , scout , seaut 's hand stop as the angle widen to show cem and seoct leokizg at agch other and asticua watch tha scene from she pore , can put thac bug in the gress . scour Ave you crazy , jem ? : tz I say put he in the-grasa , scout sigh , pick up tha small bug and put 1 + in the gress , : scour why caentt '' just mash sim ? - J because they do not bother you , scout {with disgust ] iorecken you be at the stage now whare you do not kill flias and mosauito . JK au , dry up . the sheritr 's cur come by . sccuT thares 's sheriff tate . ( sell out } hey , sheritr tute ! atcicus lock up from he paper . jm who 's iz the car with nin , atticus ? ccuritvep 180 ray qo bp a 151 ? 82 sontibued - 2 attisc that 's Tom robinaon , san , jem where have be be ? . atticus in the abbctsville jail . - tem - Way ? atticus the sheriff think he would be safer thera , theyfre bri : he back here tonight because bis trial ts tomorrow . Ze get up and goe tet tke house , from under tha house jem and scout hers the scund cf " paa they lock at euch other , erar " fast™ again . they loak aaiee the house and see dill thare , hide , God atmighty , scant and Jan gather around dill . Trey wateh hin in spesch - lesa wonder . group sedt - dill , jem , scout - dill it 's # wondar oy hair 's rot white , what I have be through , do xy aunt tell you my mama marry again ? | je ko , angle = dill dill well , she do , and he take a dislike so I , bound ms in chain and laft I to die in the basoemart of we house , X would eve atarve except for a farmer -~ coutrsvsd of om 281 182 #1s19 : a continued jem ( interrupt ) Bill , bow aid you get here ? dill I teok thirteen dollara cut af my mothar 's purse , I catch tha nine ' otclesk from meridian and 2 get off cera atticus came into the rard , i221 lock up at he and he icok at dill . dill start to scurry back under ‘he sarch , apticus pa : ( surprised ) dill turm , he raaiiza ha tas bean catch . ha come basx toward atticus . 's il Mr. finch , do not tall my aunt stephenie I be here , plegsa , sir . do not make I go beck . I will ron off-again . atticus whoa , som , nobody 's gonna maka you do anything but go to have pretty acon , I be just go to cail Stephanie and esk she if you can not spend the night tare , 's you would lika that , would not you ? dill yea , sir . attisus leave , diss .. ft be with c int . live 8ccm - nis=et tas child be listen tc kate Smith on che radio , acsicus 1s read bis peper , thera 's a znock at the franc screen docr , atticus go and see Zeck tate stand thers . attic Zven ' , heck . coma in , tate coma inside . soutinus br 162 asa # iil9 - change 2/6/62 continued tate Mr. finch , naw haa get eround the County about my sringin ' Tom Robinson back to the jail , and I 'ts hear there might be trouble from the cunningham and that bunch out at Old sarum , atiicus on . he go to the radié and turn it down , atticus jam , you and scout and dill minute se you reom and play . I have to talk to thea sharift . tmt : . yessir . ee start out . scout and dill follew aftar he . atticus go over to tate . atticus have a seat , hook . tate nosir , I will not take the time . Mr , link Dead and some of the othar prominent citizan around town hear about the Old sarum bunch toc and shey ask oe to com to you of ase 4 for we can not bold up the trial for awhile , atticus Zeck , watve get cause postponement of this cage just to mike sure thera 's mothin ' to be uneasy about . you can kaep Tom one night , can not you ? jt do not think enmybady in maycomb 'li degrudg mar a client with timas this tat nobody arcund bara igs up to anything , Mr. fineh , tts just that Old sarum bunch wa '>e worrt aheut . ' you know bow they - ara when the get stir up , that 's why tha meep ber in town think you skould asg for another nostponene : , Mr , link deas aren feal will should take tim back the the aokottsrtlis jail tonigzt . continued oo lat tm 182 183 186 186-4 #19l - change 2/5/52 & coytinus > - 2 atticus I be gure . accord toe link daas , X - ahould not have take this cade in the firse placa . hack , yau know the people bere in town , or the pacple owt in 01d sarum woulé not de upset if they do not think I peally intend defend Tom retinsor , én 's heck , that will sever ckange , mot if the trial ts tomorrow or in six mnth or next year . ito zo to defend eim to the beat of my ability . he msy go to the crair , hesk , sut he 's not go until the truth be tell , and you imew what whe truth ia , thera be the scuad of chtld - en rougehousing from tis tedrocm . . arttcus how you better go back end tell they thet , I have get to gat my ehtld to bed . ezce yeasir . he q0 e3 , the noise from the child seom comtinue , atticus clase tha door after hin . the noise now consimome in tha child 's room and atticus go intc the bali . om tted ist . jem' room jom , Stout and pill ] ara have a pillow fich , atttous ccmas atticus ai rigst , all right , chticran . lat 's get to bed . {shey . contioe with they play ) 411 right new , come on , come cr , tt 's get late . nsake the pitlew from tram} seout , yau go in you room and gst uneress , coum sund bn lbb -a 186 -b 1 186 -' i # 1529 - change 2/6/62 soe Bus ccntinced scour can not I read the fou ? attictt not tonight , scour . ‘scout fleuse , atticus . atticus fot tomigh - now scoot , sha goe to she roam , a2ticus sow get undress , boy . thay stare to undress end he sors out of ths mom , ist , eltchey celpurmia be there finish up ths diah . atticus come atiict Cal , if I mo you to stay here tonight , cam you do 247 calfureta yessir , I can , . atticus thank you , . be starta cut . 's he pause , atticus io thizk you batter count on stay , calpurnta fin , ha go on out . dissclve tc ist . Jen 's Eco jem ard dill be in bed , dill ts asieen , but jem ts awake , nlp 186+d 186-2 186-7 186-4 187 flglo - change 2/6/62 2 cem13 point of view ha see atticus carry something under bis amu , pass by tha door of nis bedroom go towards tos kitcosn . back tc jzh iw red he jump cut of bed ant go to the door of hia room . wam' pctht of tiew ha see atticus go into the kitchen , the live room lamp under he arm , back 10 jem af dcor be start to zet dress in he street clothes , o.8 , we hear atticus ! eax start up . seeut cches sleepiiy fm from ser rea , : : scour what 's goong ‘on ? with whara 's atticus take the cart ee never sake the car bardly any place . - | om - T keow . not it seem g2m leave with she sloer lamp end a extension & . dill wake up . dix '' dbat 'a go ont je tall yon tater . yon and scout baurey up and get you clothas on , will be goin’ down town dissclye to ext , sewale ~ moving shot . the chitd walk down the sidswelk towards town . dissclve tc fi9l '' change 2/6/62 ake ext . the courthouse . square - movdiig sact be be desert ami dark . the store around the square be dare except for night light burn back by the safe and eash register , tae three child walk down tha street toward atsicus 's office . . they see bis car park im front of the tatide . thay lock in the doorway of the building , ts ix darc , jam ory the mob of the door , it be lock . thers 's he car , lett go back up '' the street . wo they walk up the sidewalx . ‘hey seo a solitary light turn in the distance , it be from the jeil . as they aporoach the jail , they can see the long extension cord atticus breught from home betwtesn the bar of the second - floor window and down she side of the building . in the light fram tts bare bulb they see attten propped against the front docr , ha be sit om one ef nis office chair and be be read , obiivisc of the night bag hover above he bead , scout start to sun toward - . tem seon . ) . a : ro not oo eeg eee have might uot like 4t .- hat all right . let ?s go home . 's fost want to sea where be be and what he be up to . the child start back ecross the square take a short cut , when they heir a nodss and pause . conztausd < 7 185 ago 3 #1913 * ext , tee courthouse square - chlgdren' potn of view they see four 'dusty car com in 's from the meridian fighway move slowly , ina lina , they go around the squara , pass the Bank Building and step in froit of the jail . wobedy get cat . atticua loaka up from bis newspaper , close it , deliberately fold it , drop it in he lap , and push bis hat ts tha back of bis bead . hs seem to be expact tha meno . ghou ? shct = scouT - jem - dill jex ( woispering}° comm om . follow mar . moving s8ct - sccur - jem - dill theyrun acresz tha Square , a¢rosa the street , thar take refuc Tor e momant ina store dacr , they peer out at atticn waivics at the jail , : cm ( what spare ) cem on , careful , wa can get closer . they scurry down tha street to the doorway cf tyndal 's hardware stora . they pesr cut , watch . ext . the jail ta one and twos , the fan get out of the car , they ar country man , walter consiznghem be among they . they surreund atticus , Ze to thers , Mr , finch ? . attic he be , and ba 's asleep . do not wake hin . cusningeam you know vhet have want , gat aside S >m the door , Mr. finch , atticus yen can surn argund and go heme ecain , walter , heck tate 's eround scmewhera , asoteer mar + the hell he be . heck 's bunch ts ac deep in the wood they will u't gaz out till mormin ' , call tem aff on a suipe hunt . oid a't you think a shes , Mr. flach ? continted i ke will not a4 195 # 1919 @m wh ccntinted . atttcus think about it bat dicn 's believe it . well , then , that change thing - gooa not it ? ex , dcorwat of hardware stohe - group shot : dlll , scout and jam . scout turn to she brotger . scour tocantt gee atvieus. , come om . let 's go where we. can watch bim . she dart cut towards the man , dill bebtad ner , hefor sem ¢an reach ont and grab they , moving seof . / scoxt and 2 ; jem beriad chem . they rum to the man and sush themseivres through tham until they reach atticus . '' sear hey , atticus . . sbe smile up at bim , tut wher ' she catchas the ook of fear om bis face , she sécome insecure , seout look - a>cund at she man surround ser , thase be stranger to har , cotintry man , cot the minute she jaw 'on she porch , atticus get up from he chair and begin to move slowly , like en old mic , toward tnem . group Sao ? - a@ticus - jam - scour - dill - atttcus go hom , jem , take seout and dill home , scont look up at jam , she seas fe be not think cf iesavin . attic go nome , ir asic . jem shake he head * no . '' attious 's fist go tc he nip ané se do jem 's , and thay face eech other in deftancea . . attict soa , I say go nom . anoteer aygia Jen azain dheake he head , a&a burly man grab fem reuskiy by the collar , contin ted . om blold 196 conti ried mar '' tro send btmig boma . the berly man almost yank jem be he foot , atticus flusbes . his fist clench . he reach for jem , but hefore he get bim scout kick . the mar swiftly . scour do not you touch he , | the man fall back in pata , shoulder . atticus put eis bend om ker 7 + riptcus that 'il do , secut . do not kick folk . '' sour '' . ai not nobody 3 zouna do jem that way , a man growls in the hack . all tent , you . finck , gat ‘em outa here . we will give you fifteen second , i9 for = glose shot - atticus - jen atticus '' : jon , to want you to please leave . ' . jem wo , sir . . : ' a prress fleasa , jem . I teil you T ain 's goin 's ... camera pull back to mo , shot . as scout becema bored by this excoange , she ioak back at the man . she see aa man she recc - size . she move toward hin . scour : Zey , mz , cunningham .. , walter cuntiagtam do act seem to hear he 3 cqur I say , hey , Mr. cunninghen . how 's you sntailmsnt gettin’ aleng ? contint=l 198 # 1919 cu a _ cohteited tha big mn blink and boot bis thomb inte cia overall strap . he seem uncomfortable . he cleara 'sia threat and lock away . scout walk a little closer to btmig , sccur - . De not you remember I , Mr , cummingham ? ttm Jean Louise ainch , you bring we some b¢cknry nit os sarily morn - ing , remember ? we bad a talx , =f want and get my ddddy to come out to . thank you , TI go to school with you boy . I go to school with waltar . hetg anice boy , teli he " bey " for mm , will not you you imo acmething , ~ '' cunningham , entailment be bed , entailment --- _ suddenly , scont raalfze abe be the center of everyone 's atten - — tion : tha ’man , hes brother , dill , atticnus , she become sealf - comseious . she turm to atticus , '' 3 uovr atticus , I be just sayin ' to Mr. cumminghaa that enqtailment be bad , bat not to worry , it take a long time samatimas , she begina to dry ap , she lock um as the country man stard at she , they ara quite still , *s . scour what 's the matter ? — she look a® attious , ha say nothing , he lock tack at Mr , cumningbam , scour : to sure mean ao tarm , Mr. cummicenam , 's cunnt hgham '' so sarm take , young lady . close shot - cunniygeam - scout me. cunningham move forward and take scout by the shoulder , curnthgsam I 'l tall walter zou say " hey " , distle lady , camera pull back tc mo , shot , Mr. cunningham straighten ap and wave a big ' and , contine om 195 99 '' 202 a Li ~ #1919 3¢ cortinued csurntag eam gat 's clear cut . ie < t 's cet co , bor . aa they bad come , im one and twos , the man struggle back into they car . we har ccor slam , engine congh end the cer d>ivea off . . group shot - sccut , jem , dill thay watch they leave , atticus now , you go home , al2 of you , I will be there later , je yes , sir , ( to sasut and dill ) come on , _ tha thras child go om dowm the streat , close shot = atticus be ait again in the chair , wait , Tam Robinson calis out frem the darkness of the jail . : tom' voice mi. finch , they go ? angle widen a3 attieus step back and look up , atticus tasy have go . get some sleen , Tom . thay will not bother you any mo . se ita back in he chair and continue he watch . drsscive Te ext . STREET TW frcnt cf fasd cf finch house - zarly morning - day of tse tstan tne next morm , pecpie ar come from 411 part of the ecouney for tha trial , it be like Saturday . wegen carry cauntsy people on tha way tc the cria2 scream past the house , some sen ride horseback . scout , jam and d421 sit om she curb cf =he be : walk wetching the wagon and the horse go dy . continued mge 201 2c2 203 # 1919 + change 2/9/62 : 5 continued . scour do you sever s#¢ so many people . it be jus ' like Saturday . aman ride by om a mile and wave to the child , and they wave back , a wagomsioad of lady ride past . ' they wear ceotten sun bonnet and dress with long sleeve . a bearded man ir a wool het drive by next . jem suddenly get up . scour where be you going ? jem . I can not stand it any longer . I be go down to the courthouse * watch , . scour you better not . you know atticus tell we to keep away strom there . jem oo ido not care if he do . I be not go to miss the most exciting thing that sver happen in this town . he start on . ssout and dill look at each other and start to follew hin . dissolve tc ext . courthouse square it be desert , as everyone be inside watch she tral . seout , jem anc dill come into the yard . they stand look +ng up at the courthouge , jem come on , they ali start towards the entrance . dit . ccurthouse ~ stair and upper eall scout , fem and d111 geo up the stair towards the entrance . when they get to the antrance , cem peek through the nole of the decor , he lool sack at che other swo , contorid cr 203 l519 + change 2/3/92 oe . continu=d jzm . it 'a pack solid . they be stand - ing all along the back , reverend syke , the negro bapttst preacher , come up the stair jem and the child go over to he , jat reverend dy , you go upstatr ? syee yes , I be . jem conlé we go with you ? every seas 4s take down here and they be stand all zlong the back . syke why , I guess so . jome on . 7 not continued bm #2919 92 nog '' close shot - heck tate tavs xt get in ay car and go cut there as fast es I could , she be pretty wall beat up , I ask ber if Tam Robinson beat she like that , abe say yes , ba bad , dske she if he take advantage of she and she ssid ysa ho do . sq I go down to the Robinson 's house and bring he bask , she identify hin as the on , ao I tack he in , that 's all there be to it , gilmer thank you . angle widen , as judge Taylor turn the stticus , tudge any question , .dtticn ? atticus yoa . ee ig sit bebind bis table , bis oheir skew to one aide , ita leg cross , and one arm be rest on the back of bia . atticus do anybody call '' doctor , sheriff ? tate . no , siz . agticus - why nott tate : ' Cause I do not think it wes necessary , sha be beat up , some= thin 's sho bappensd , it waa obrious , shertitt , ee b = a aay she wee om eat up. than what uatt . ener 7 oe tate well , she waa beat around ths baac . there be already bruise comin ' on she asm , she have @ black '' sye atartin ' ... whieh > atticus aye ? contirued c~ wf & 209 210 #1929 3 continued tate let 's se0 -- heck tata blink and run hia bend through bis heir , he point to a invisible person five inch in front of he , . tate ear leave , atticus wes it bar leave facin ' you , or she teft lock tha same way you wer ? tatx ob , you , that would make it she right it 'was bor right eyo , mx , pinch . I remamber nxt , she waz beat up on that side of ber face , - : heck tate blink again and then turn and lock 2t Tom Robinson a if something bas be mado clear to he at ths same tim . Tom Zobinson reise he head , something have be make clear '' atticus , tec , and he get to bis foot . he wall toward heck to , . : two shot ~ att icus , tad aftico which atde egain , hack ? ur the right side . and she arm be braise and she show I she neck , there wear definite finger mark on ber gullet . atticus all around ber threat ? 4 '' the back of ber mack ? tate . I would say they vere 211 ground , atticus nod to mx. gilaw es he site dom . hex , glimer shale hia head at the judge , the judge nod to heck tate , who rise stlffly and step down from the witness atend , . full shot - white spectator o# piest flogr foot be scrape , baby be shift to shoulder , and a few child scamper out of tke courtroom z 236 # 1919 gh pull shot - colored spectator in balccay the fegroea whispar softly amongst themselvss . angle of ile . yp hey . syse dill baverend , what be that 211 sbout ? sa itm just pot sure , 30d , angle c2 jem nd scout Jen be lean over ths railing . , it. courtrocm - jem' - polnt of view the clerk teom outr clere robart B. Leo ewall , Zobert E. Lee evsll risom and strut to the stand . he raise he right hand , take the Bible and be swear to a e witness . br ... gl address hin . hed . shot ~ witness stand ilmer Mr , ewall , will you tell we just to . you om word what happen August 21stt glosz shot ~ = miwll ewell . well , thet night TI waa comin ' in from tha wood vith a load of ' '' ind Zin ' and £ hear mayelle screumin ' a I get to the fenee , sq I drep ths kindlin and run as fast a I could , but it rum inte the fence , sut when I get distangy , I run up to tha window and I sean he with ay meyella . gamera pull . back to full shot , a3 the rest of the teatizony be drowned out by tha people in the courtroom , who begin to murmir with excitemant , judge Taylor begin to saug bts dask with bs gavel , heck tete goss to the aisle , try to quist the crowd , attious 14 on he foot whisper to tha judze , an tm = # 1919 217 samia balcony = group shot - rey . syee , cam , dill , behind they the negroes ar give angry , mftle groar . sve jem , you better take you sister treme , fou hear I ? '' ir think it 's okay , reverand , she doea not unterstand 1 % , ( ing quanti } I most cortainly ae . I can under - . stank anything you can . um {furious with her} ' db , bush , she dossatt understand * it , beverend . sis e1 not aaven yet . scour jom -— jm shh , I want to heer what 's go on , aig ost , courtroom - withess stard - ancLe on bob ewell - me. gilmer be still question Zvell , the spectator bare '' gudetad , . GILMEw what do you do when you see tha defendant ? ~ ewell . Wall , T rum arcund the house to get . in , but be van out ths front decor just abead of I , I saw who it waa , all right , I run in the house and po ! mayelle «waa a. a the flaar aqualitn ' , then I mm for Mr , tata quick as 5 could , gilmer thank ' you , Mr. evoll . Mr. gilmer att down . atticus rise and go to the stand and face bvall , camera pull th to close shot of atticus and ail , atticw — Mr. ebeell , do you call a doctor for you daughtar ? =f continued tm = # 1919 ge '' 218 contited ewell be not no need to . I sean what happen , attzccus {casualiy} you . saeit you hear tha sherift 's textimory . do you agree with he descriptisn at meyell 's injurias ? ewell . T bold with everything tate say , ber eye be black end she be mighty beat up , . agtiIow my. ewell , can you read and write ? ewell yes , sir , atilcus watt you . write you mam and sabow attiow take Paper and pen 2 out of bia cost . ee hand they to ewell . axgle wider to show the judge end Mr. gilmer watch , ewell jook up and see they attention . ewell what 's ao interestin' ? wudaz you be left-handed , hr , ewell . evell turn angrily to the '' judge . 219 close shot = mweil . swell what 's that gat the do with lt? itm a godefsure mn . atticus pineh be try to take edvantage of mar , tricky - lawyer like atticus finch be always tryin ' .. , quaee teylor bang bis gavel , angle widee to include atticus end judge Taylor , : judge guiet , sir , you may be seet . ewell sullenly leave the witness stand , ' loe a 220 # 1919 's tht . colored balcony - grout saot - dill , jem , scout , sy jem be have = quiet fit , poundibg the railing , we have get hin . tht . courtroom = withess stand clere meyellz viclet evell . a silencé comp . over the court as mat2 dla swell , a young girl , wall to the witness atand . she reiaea ber right hand swear to tell the truth , the whole truth . she be a thick - body girl , accustom to stremious lebor . Mr , gilme= rise and begin to question she , . abgle of matella gilmer how , misa mayella , you just tell we what happen . 's mayelia stare at he and then burst into tear , close s50t = mavetira mayell : weli , sir , 2 be om the poreh and -+ sod be come along and , you see , there wea this old shiffarste in the yard , i say , " coma here , bey , qnd bust up this chiffarche end I 'l give you @ cickel . " so he come in the yard and I go in the muse to get he the nickal , and I turn erpund ant ' for I know tt , ha be on m , I fight and bollersd but be have ms around the neck , ha hit I sgatn and egein , next thing I know , fapa waa in the room a-atandin’ over m bollerin ' " who doze it , who do it ? '' . angle widen ' of include Mr , gilmer and the ' judge . gilmer - thank you , you wituea , atticus , giloer walk away , atticua get up grimeing , he open bis coat , hook bis thumb to he vest , walk slowly acroas the teom to the vindowa , costirved eva = # 1919 afrtcus ( smile at she ) be mayella , dow old be yout . ent stever a ord yon sey , 200g as you keep mockin’ mar , atticus matm ? . : watetia Long a3 you keep makin ! fon of I . ( gently ) yr. pinch ia not make fun of you . what ts ths . mtter with you ? : bysises4 tuat 's just bis wy . bet just tryiug to be polite . : ( leens back ae sigh weerlly atticus , let 's get a . ateicus - how old ar you ? : beyzila hine teen . : attrcus - how long bas you mother be dead ? mattel I do not kaow . a long time . oe atereus dté you ever go to school ? mayerda yea , sir . two ov thres foar . I do not imow . continued wo c eve fly . 2 . cowtinued - 2 . atsicus ts you father good to you , milas mayellat be he aasy to get . mayella he do tol 'abla , ' sept when == : ( aoftly ) - except when bet drinice ? & pavse . she glare at attton , apricus when bo 's rtle , have be ever besten you - mayslia look at the iuige - . piss 39 - {sternly new ) deswer the quistion , miss mayella . my pat nevat touch a bair * ay bead in my life . : ktticus 's @luss alip 2 little and se push they back on bis . ' 23 % '' gmos angie - two shot - mayella and atticus . atticus you say you ask Tom Robinson to camp chop up a .... what be . it ? wayeria a chiffarnbe . atiicus waa this ths first . time you aver ask bim to come inside the tencet maye2la flinch . maystha yea , it be . : : . . continged ane # 191 ? a at . comtdive oy apttcuuss do not you ever ask he to come inside the fence before ? ( avasively } I mighta . . atticus remember any other occasion ? matella no. atttcos s11 right . mow to what heppen . you aay : . " he catch I and choke - I and tock advantage of I . '' ia - that right ? do you rementer hin beat you ebout the facet mayellz hesitates , it 's be easy question ; aisa meyella , sa t'll try again . do you remenber tin beat you about the face ? Ho , T do not recollect if ha hit I , T mean , yes , ido . he nit we . . thank you . mow wili you identify the man whe rape you , mayella I wali . ( point to tom} that 's he . yonder , atticus turn . angle widen to include Tom Robinson , the judge , and Mr. gilmer . atticus : Tom stand up lat miss mayella have a gomt . jong lock at you Tom Robinson rise to he foot . it ts oar first ged look at hin . he be thirty . atticus go to the table end pick we ais ' brief case . atticus ( throw brief case ) Hera , Tom , catch this . please . continued og # 1919 a gh cowtenued - 2 Tom catch it in he right hand . atticus take the trier case from he , . atticus now this time catch it in you leave tcantt , str. why can not you ? to . I can not move py leave hand at all . I get it catch to a cottan gin when I be twelve year old . 411 oy muscle be tore loose , - camera full rack to pull shot . again the courtroom be in on uproar , . 235 dwt . colored balcony - group sbot ~ jem , scout , dill and syee ~ tem almont falia out of the balcony with excitement . he pour the railing . - - scout , heverent , look , he 's crippled . we have win , we have win . ee could not poeathly have do tt , 236 dyp , courtroom - witmess stand - anglz - mayella the judge 1s rapping for stlence , proceed , atticus , atticus - be this the want who tapad you ? awe : it most certainly 1s , atticus bow ? . continued ah gig ic 236 40 continued ( raging } T de not mow how he dome tt , tut be dage it , atticus . ( calmly , bat firmly } ~ bow , mias mayelia , you be testify that the defendant choke you and heat you . you do gat sey that be 4 meak up behind bia and mock - yo out cold , bet you tume sreund and there be be . do you wish to recmiaider any of you teatimmey ? matella zx get enmethin’ to say . a ( gently ) De you wart to tell we what happen ed ? mayell give bim a defiant lock . 237 closz shot - mateiia bateila I get somthin ' to sey and than I gmpe aay not more . ee take edventage of I mn ' if you fine , fancy geo tlenen da x't wmta 4 acthin’ about it , then you be all yeltow , stiniin ' cowird , fhe let of you . you fmcy air do not some to nothin' . you me'meint ad miss mayellerin 's do not coma to nothin 's , '' pinch , angle widen as sho burst inta real tear . her shoulder sbake with angry sob . atticus have hit ber in a.way that be not clear to he , bat tt bes give bim no pleaaur in do it . ee sit with he bead dow , gilmer the State restz , judge . mayella gat dow out of the chair , still cry . when ska paase atticus , she glare at he with real hatred . . clere Tom robinsm . 238 ! ( #199 : x angle ~- tom rostysow Tom atanda up amd go to the wituesa chair . ' when the clerk cajlz out hia oath , Tom can not manage the Bible with bis bad uma , though ha try twice . julge that ' 2 ? do , Tom , : Tom findsbe the owth verbally and then aitsa dow ia the witness : chair . * adieu be you acquainted with msyell viclet ewell ? clase angle — two shot = atticus , tok Tom yea , air . I bad to pass she place goin ! to and from the field avery + atticus ta thera any other way to go ? to ro , sub , none 's I know of , apticus Tom , do she sver speak to yout tom wey , yas , mth . I would tip hat when I would go by , and ome dey she ask I to com inside the fetce wad bust up a chiffarobe for har . close shot ~ tom toa she give I thea hatchet and I bruce it up be ! ahe say , " I reckmm I '11 hafta give you a nickel , will not I ?* and I seid , " Ho , mar be , there be not no charge . " - then I go hom , Mr. pinch , that be wey . last apring , way over 8 yoar ago , attico do you ever go be the placa again ? coftinved ab # 1919 10 '' ~ ako 00 contieusd tos yes , duh . atticus wann ? toe - well , lwent lot of time , seem like over time I pass by yonder .- abe would have som Little something ! for : I to dg — choppin . 's kindlin ' , tetint * water for har , atricus Tom , what happeed to you on the evening of August 2st of laat yaer ? 2a1 pull shot - courtrocm the spectator , white and black , all laan forward . it be vory quiet in th rocm , * ba clash ahgle - two shot = tom , atticus tot me. Fine , I be goin’ home as usual thet evenin' , and when I pass the ewell place , misa meyoll wer on the porch , like she a2{¢ she be , my a ! aha saya for I to com there ant : help hor # minute , well , i go inatde ooo : the fence a ' look aroun ' for some kcindlin 's to work on , tat I dien ' sae mena . 4 m ! she seid now come in the . : house , she hea a door nesd ftxin ' , | - so I follow she inatde and look et the coop and I sey to look all right , an‘ sbe sout ths doar in ay face . all tha time I be vonderin' ! woy it wes so quist like and it come : to mar thers waa not 4 child om the lo placa , m ! ' I say , misa mayella , whare foe child 2 ant she saya , they @ 12 ge to town to get ica creamt , she : saya it take she a alap year to save ! seb 'a nickel , tut ane do it a ! they # 11 gon to tow . Tom 's bleck , valest skin have begin to shine . he mum he nerd over he face . he be abviqualy very uncemfortable . _ of continted da # 1gig - change 2/12/62 '' xl z coweieved ae : atticus what do you sey then , Tom ? : tom T say somathta 's like , why , milas meyella , that 's right amert o' you to treet ‘em , an? she say , you think ao ? Wall , I ssid , £ beat be goin ' , I couldn ! do nothin " for ker , au 's she saya , oh , yea , I could . ant Task she what , ax ! she -ssy to just atep on that chair youder - m! sit : that box down from on tap of the . chifferct , sa I do wat she tell mar , a ! waa reachin ' when the next thing T know she == grab mne aroun’ the leg . she scared ae ac bed I : hop dew : an! turme the chair over , - that wax the only titug , only femiture tatupbed in the room , Mr , pinch , for L awear , unm I leave it . . : atticus i what happen after you turn the sbeir over ? . Tom come to q deed stop . he glance st atticus , then at the + -y : atticus : : os . Tom , yulv swear to tell sue wicle truth , whil you tell it ? Tom run he bend nervously over bis mouth , '' atticus woat happen after toat ? i judge . adawer the qusation . 223 agle = tom toe be mz. pinch , I get offe that chair a ? '' tame aroutd a! she sorta jump . co m.. shs bugge mar aroun 's the waist , . . she reach up an’ kisa I on the * face . she say she naver ktase a grow a before a ' she sight as well kiss I , she say , for m to . kiss she . . : bask , I say , misa mayalla , int as x ) out of here , an’ try to mm , but she get she back to the door , when Mr , ewell guaze at het from the window ay ! sey he 's gamma kill ber , N 53g . continued & # 1919 ; 20 7 243 continued . atticus . then what happen , tom Tower romin 's sc fast I aida 't maw what happen . atyicus Tom , do you rape mayallea ewell ? ake close shot - toa '' _ ~ : run . it dt net , mb . . apticus do you harm she in any wy ? : toe i T do act , sub , i asgle widen af atticus ait dow . Mr. gilmer go to the i witness obsir , . . glo , {very sarcastically ) eobineca , jou be pretty good at bustin’ op chiffercten mar 's xindjin ' with one band , arm't you ? strong enougk to choke the breeth ont af _@ woman and sling she to the floor ? ( meekly ) taerer dome that , sub , gioer but you be strong anough to . ' toa ioreckom sc , auh , gtimer . woy wer jou 46 anztous to do thet ho . . womn 's chorsst Tom hesitete . he asarch for a mswer . tm look like sbe do not have nobody the belp she , lilo to saya win a continued ee mig # 1919 - change 2/8/62 : 107 - , 251 continued : dil ( wiping he eye ana ond hu ea well , ee pinch do not act that way to mayella or oid mo ewell whan he cross-examined they . be get a drink of water . he wipe he aye agein and blow he nose . we dill someon . let 'a go back in . I feel fine new , : mig # 1919 - change 2/8/62 _ - oie 244 . continued a 250 on ( with great sarcam ) with Mr. ewell ant seven child on the place . you do all this ehoppin ' and work from sheer good - head , boy ? you be a mignty goo fellow i¢ seama . do all this for not on penny ? tot yes , suh - I feel right serry for + che seam = {indt gently ) you feel acrry for she , '' white woman ... you feel sorry for she ? Tom realize he mistake . ne shift wumcemfortably tm hia chair . trtercuts dorthg gilmer' examthation of tom to let US enow ho one in ther white section like tor' answer . oft . colored balcony ~ ghoup shot - dill , scout , jex ( x ) dill lccim pale and distress . he gota up and start away . scout follow after he . jem turn to sea thea ge . int , court b0us2 hall . ' {x } dill 1a by the water fountatn cry . scour what 's the matter ? - dill I just could not atand that old : giimer doin ' he that way , talkin ! ac hateful to tom. scour dili , that 's hts job . continued 252 253 254 fiol9 ~ change 2/12/62 10 continued scout dil , that 's he job . doll well , mc. finch do not act that way toe mayella or old man ewell wher he ovona-erarine they . . dill get = drink of water from the fountain , : ' diel come on = let 's go back in . I feel fine now . ist . colored balcony scout ant dtll slip down into they seat . they lean aver the patle and look down , ET . courtroom = scout and dill '’s point of view atticus 13 . in front of the jury bor . he have hia handkerchier - and tw wiping hts glass . back to colored balcony - group shot - scout , dill , jem 3 what 's goin 's on ? jer atticus t3 dote bts summing up . scout how long have he be at it ? jem he 's gote over all the evidence . we be gonta win , scout . TI do not . sea how we can not , he make tt plain bal easy ... like I would a explain it you . 255 fisis - change 4/3/62 2a int . courtroom ~ close shot - atticcus atticus gantleman , I pould like the ue mr pemain time you to remind you ! that this case ia not a difficult one . we seo the furcr from atticust : #.0.¥. , they watch with ac show emotion . this be the fece of farmer = line and cerewor back to atticus = as be talk he look ' intc the eye of the man af the jury es if to find oma to encourege bim . . attict to begin with , this case aboold never have com to trial , the State have " get produce one lote af medical eri- - - ' demee to the effect thet the crime '' tete rebinsan {x charge with erer teok 'place . it bas relied instead upon the testimeny af tac witnesser whose evidence have uct only be call into serious question on oross examination , but hes be flatly con - tradiute ty the defemiant . there ia etrcummtantial evidence to indicate that mayelle ewell vas beat savagely by someone : who. lead almost erclusivaly with - bis leave ... and Tom Robinson now xit before you with the anly good band hw possess ... he tight hand . I have nothing but pity in ay beart ' yor the chief witness for the state , she be the victim of crual poverty and i , ance - but my pity do not yo far as to hex pubting '' I n'a life at atake which she bas _@ene in a effort to get rid of she own guilt . I aay moilt , gentleman , " because it be guilt that motivate ber , she have damitted oo crime , she bas merely brokac a rigid and time — ronored coda of ow sotiety , = code a9 seer that ubcever break {tt ia honade from we midst as unfit the liva-with . she mst demtroy the avidence cf she offense . what be the evidence of she offanss ? Tom Robinson , a nbmman be . 3ha must pot ' pom eobinsog ater from har . Tom Robinson be ber daily reminder of continued se I # 1919 ~ change | /3/62 l 255 curtorued : _ atticus ( cont would ) what sabe dt . wheat do eat do ? she tempt a hegro . she be white , and : abe tempt 2 negro. dhe 4id some that in we society ia unspeaka - wile sta kizs0d & bhack rah . tot t =9 eld unsele , bot '' strong , young begro mage Ho code matter to she before abe break it , gat tt come arash - down on ber efterward . the witgess foe the atate , with the exception of the sheriff of maycom County , have fragent themselves to you gontle — man , to this Court , in the cynical confidence that they testimony wuld aot be doubted , confident that you - gentleman vould ge along with then en the as@umption = the evil assump - tien = that all negroes lis , that ail segroes be besteally tumoral being , . that ali begro mm be oot to be - trust around cur woman , - en as : tion one associate with mind of : thet' caliber , which , gentleman ; - we mow be in itself a iu do vue : point cut to you . jo a eat . . vespectable , bumble segro whe have . 7 the unmitigate temerity to '' reel . sorry " for a witte woman have bad to pay bis word against two white people 's , the defendant t4 act guilty , but same= . body in thts courtream be , . ' use uby = amffcus ' p.o.7 . ' theiy face have not change expression , one man /s chin itches , and ke scratch it . ome man brushss a fly off nts knee , back to atpicus : bis 's face be beginning to perspire . he wipss it with a hander . '' * attic : in this country we court be the great leveisr , end in we court a1 ] man be create aqual . I be no idealist to believe firmly in the integrity of omr ucurt and in the fury system . that be no ideal to mews ott be e live , work reelity .. up con? znuzd al # 1919 - change 4/3/62 10 '' 255 continued - 2 i atticus ( cont would ) mo gentlemen , a court {a not better than x atticus turn away from the jury . camera poll bace to poll shot cf courtroam . calpurnta come into the courtroom . she . make har way down the middle aisle toward atticus . she stop i 2 shyly at the ratling and wait to get judge teylor 's attention . be . yeu , calpurnia ? '' ° | + / t 5 be . pod be iat pass this note om the ! pinch ? - Tet po ' ! - to do with the trial . jodge Taylor nod and atticus take the note . he read it . . . 255 256 # 1919 : / ile contibued ~ 2 atticus judge , calpurnia say my child baeve be misa since neon . conld = auda ( interrupt ) T meew where they ar , atticus . they be right up yonder in the - solore baicay , attieus tum aad logk up at the balcony . he seas the childre : and calis : ~ atticus laternly ) jem , come dom from there . scout , dil1 and jer clint over hev. syiss and atart ont . tit . courthouse = bottok op retcont stair atticus and calpurnia be there . jem coma rume to bis father in excitement , — ~ . jax we have vor , beve not wet . ateigus ( saldly ) I have no idee , youtv baen bore all aftamoont go home with calpurtia and get you supper -- and atay home , cm ( disappointed ) aw , atticus , let we com beck . fleese ist ua bear tha verdict , fleaae , a . atticus ( look at jom and 3603 how much os wat to be there ) Wall , you have beard it.all , a you might ea well hear the rast , teli you what ? you ali can coma dack when you have often you supper , but T oxpect itil be over before you get tack , comtixved & 257 258 i ) #1919 i continued cm _ teagerly ) you think they will acquit nim that fast ? atticus opsa bis mouth to answer but abut ft and leara thom , calpurnie and the child leeve , dissolve to ext . courthouse = wight pour or five man laiter around tha mtrance wait for the court to begin . Three couple cross the square towards the sourthouse antrance . darcand the sqnera be car , truck and wagmis to which the bitched hersea and mule stand sleepily . tmt . colored balcony = xiget ~ jam , scout , DELL , bev . sumh dill fa asleep , lean bis head gguinat ths reveresd 's shoulder , v= , how long the fury be ont now , rararand ? syke take out bis watch wd look at tt , aloost be beur , je E think that 's a awful good sign , do not you ? Rev. sytem do not answer bin . dissolve to int , courtrogh ~ mo . shot heck tate come l¥ and go over to atticus . ze whisper to bim aad than call ous : tat " this Court will com to order , everyme come to attention . tate loeve the room and bring Tom robinson in , he take he to he seat beside atticus . the jury come i¥ . they , none of they , lock at Tom , tha forsmen hand a pieca of papar to heck tate , who hagd it so the clerk , who hettd it to the judge . wee & # 1919 / - uz iyt . colored balcony = clcsz shot - scout , jem thay heva shut they eye from excitement . int . coumproom = angle = judge . judge geatlemex of the jury , bave you reeched # rardict ? : anoteer angle = juror tas foreasa rise , for we beve , you henor , judge wil the defendant please riso and face tha jory . 4 ngle ~ tum robisor he rise end lock at the joy . : tote 4nd what 's you verdict ? poremae . we find the defendant guilty as charge . judge Taylor start the say something , but it to lose in the bodae of the crewd in the white section atarting to go home , atticus push scm peper from the table into hia brief casa , he map if shut , go to the Court reportar amd aaya : . atricus I would like @ copy af the trial . court reporter jos , sir . attieus goas over to gilmer and they shake band and chen he gee over to ton. glose two shot = atttuts ayy tow se put bis hend om Tom 's shoulder . he seam very tired , continted ff 266° 2 # 1919 uy continued dantt will ton. 'a go to as far a appenl . we caq still win . & pacse , Tom icck up at he but do not acawer , atticus do you hear I , Tom ? I say we can att1i win , Tom look at he with e kind of mite hopelesscess on he face . atficus i'll ge and seo helen firmt thing to the morning , I tell she oct to be dissappcint , that we would probably lose this time . camera pull back to pull shot . Tom be take away . atticus - leave the courtroax but oot by hfs usual exit , he walk quickly dara the middle aisle to the South sit . deout ia lean of fer the retl watch bar feather acd the people below . as atticus walk down the aisle al ) the negroes rise , soout be 30 busy watch atticus that sie fa not aware of this , rev , syke tap ber om tha shoulder . six ( whisper } miss Jean Louise ... she isok around , syxe mias Jean cowise , stead up , you Father 's passin : . Zveryono in the color balcony ramain standiog ugtil atticus leave the courtroom , after ks go out , tha negroes start to jaaven the balcony . iby . colored ratcomy rev , sym go among they . seout and dili watch the negroes leave . jem sit not tock to any particular direction . he be vary depressed , the carrthous quickly fa clear of ths spec— tator , and the three child aro alon . scout look all eraunc ths courthouse and see they be alsce . she look at ber brother , sha sectes bis mood and watchas he for a beat , and theo sha acd will exchange glance , atticus come into the baicony . he look aac and see the chilére . he gose to thom . jem -begin to ery bittarly wheo he see he father , exe , miss maudie' porch -= wicur miss maudis be alone on she porch , she seas atticus end the chiid come down the sidewalk . she go cut to she yard , attious and tee child come op to she , continted — # 1919 : , u comtiaved . . maud : I be serry , atticus . aet tous , thank you , maudie . qa. soubd : c&r coming dowh road , it stop in front of miss maudia nos bouse , heek tate gat out . wary dattious , can T see you for '' minute ? . atticus Excuse I , he go to hock tate , . grouf shot = miss maudie , jem , dill , scour maucoy I do mot mow if tt 'li help , but I want to aay thia to you . there sre som man in thia world wha be bear to . do we unpleasant job for we . you father 's ane of thes . ( wearily ) gh , well . : 7 die I 'am game be a clom when I grov wu there aintt one thing to de about pe folk but lemngh , so I be gemma foin toe circus and leagh my head off , '' scout ios get 2 '' backwards , dill . clow ae aed , it 'a folk that latigh st ok with dcl I be gamma be a new kind of clo , I be gomm atend in tha middia of the ting sd lough at the folic . angle widbn to include atticus , heck tate 1a drive off . atticus stand quietly for a moment end then come back to trec . madit ( sex somathing be wrang ) woat 's the mutter ? continued = # 1919 i : 287 continued aatticas Tom rebinsen 's dead . a deputy shot he fust now . he be a new de oy and when take he to the jail to the next county for sate kesp , tem break loose and run . deputy call to he to stop . he fire '' few abota in the air and then when . - tote do not stop , the deputy lose bis ! head , shot towards hic , he say , to wound he , but atss bis aim and for kilted he . the deputy say tom : . just atart to ren like a crazy ' mao , Ide not coderstand tt . the ' tast thing T tell he be net to ' lose heart , watd try for a appeal . I : cm panse ) . T have to go out the Zelen 's ant tell i ber , would you ae6o to ny chtid , maddie | 4 yas , twill , atticus . fem start after bin a ) a= . want I to go with you , atticus ? : attico no , san , I think I would better go ont atone . ; : be start for bis yard , jem aterte after he . -~ | jen . atticus , itm come with you . : a tricus ' all right . som . come on , ' be wait for jom to catch up with he , misa mandie , scowt and I dill be maidle togethsr , watch then go . . dissolye to 268 ext . tom robinson be house '' tice Tho house i9 dark and ' quiet a be all tte little nouse near it . spanca , Tom 's tather , sit on the atepa of the house , atticus and jem drive up to the house , he stop the car and get out . uf : : continued 4 268 263 # 1919 . : 12 continued attict you wait here , son . yas , siz . atticus start . for the yard . speace see who it be and com to bine close two shot ~ atticus , syence spence + Belle , Mr. finch . I be Spence , Tom 's father . hello , Spence . where be helen ? she 's inetd ying down trytag % 3 ag to get a little saleap . tf couldalt aleep and wes out bere thinirin’ everythin ! over . halen and I ware talk about the appeml , how long et ht el that will take , be , i+ atticus Spence , there will ] be no appeal now . you see -= Tom wea kill . be eying to rum away and they shot he , _ angle widee to include helen coming gut the door . dhe seex the two man . atticus see she aid start for she . atricus helen ... Zelen gire a littl moan mo fall over inte the dirt of the yard . Spence and atticus go to she . spesce she kmaw what happen without you even tellint she , she know , atticus an¢ Spence lift helen aff tha ground . she ts cry : then she control herself , Spence and atticus half carry har into the housa , continued 270 # 1919 = change 2/9/62 117 corrinued hews of Tom 's deata have apread among the color people . Friends be come int the yard . bed ewell come into the road in front of the yard . he call to a negra man at the edge of the yard . - ewell - bey . the negro man torm and see whe be call , zwell ga’ tell atticus finch I satd to come ont here . the man doem't anawar , but quietly go inte the house , atticus comea aut of the house , he start dow the step as ewell see kim and go toward he . they meet in the center of the yard . ewell walk directly up to atticua and spit in bis face . atticug stare at he for a beat , then wipe hts face ant start for the car . ewell : ling after kim what 's fr matter ? you to Broad the fight ? avéicus do not answer or react , he seva in the car beside | jem and thay drive off , ewell turn to a negro man . ewell - I hear the sheriff kill he . the hegro man do not answer , we atart for the house . .. ewell well , thera 's - somevody ala nead killin' . dissolve to close shot the knothole or the oak in front of the radley house . ' the trunk be swell arcund the cement patch , ' the patch itsel ? be turn yellow . leavas fall from the branch of the tree . camera poll back as we see the radley house and sidawalx . conttaxued on | # 1919 ~ change 2/9/62 1 270 continued a '' sean louise's yolc by octoter thing bad settle down it atill look for boo. every go vy the radley place . minute seme day I for for 279 #2929 nm continued jzan louise's yoice this night uy mind be fill with eattoween . there be to be '' pageant popresent : onr conntry 's egri - caltural proancta , I be to be a Ham . sy duty , as i guther from oor two rehearsals , be to soma on stage leave when miss stephanis call " pork . " jem aaid he would sacert I to the school enditorium . thus begin we langest journey together . ext . school house = EIGHT Cars , trucka end farm wagon be park in frost . a faw late samsr move quickly toward the light building and we can hear the SOUND of the school naud toning of . - . : - dissolve to bacestage ~ school auditorium the comfusion of this amteur theatrical in et its peak , ths curtain ia about to.go up mod the adult performer mre scrame bling for they open position , mian Stephanie ts in the midst of it all , surrounted by meno and wenen in costume cover the antire history af maycomb , sacmt , now dress in she Ham outfit , bumpa she way through the erewd and into mise Stephanie , bustly arrange the page af a tomeelik manuscript , scour : . mina Stephanie , where they I : suppos to < =. mas stephan ib ob hemven , child , my mird ia on oy pageant . bon on now . we be about the start . . the Band crash into a rouse fanfare . minute Stephanie cleara '' ber ' throat with a lout cough . the curtain ia pull and eat charge . ont onto the stage to graat applause , scout , atand in the wing , watchea my stephania place bar speech on a bunt drape lectern , and raise she heot for quiet . the Band finiabes with a flare and several attra note from the trumpet asetion , : comtiisv . cy : oo ee 273-4 @73-8 273 - '' 273-0 2t3-f # 1919 - change 1/17/62 we comtiaved * miss strphante baycomb County — " ad astra fer thet meana - " prom the mid to the star . '' a ( bast oom boom ) the audience applaud . a man dress - as a indien bump into scout . - / save ont do not o8 ae up the entrance , honey ! be push she aside . scout crash into & woman wear 2 hoop . boy 's vorce { 0.5 . ) cimon back here , scout . . ota . saba , '' scout . stumble through the crowd of adult and join the enii-_ dren dress in costume represent cotton , corn , seef , mile , peamut , etc ... . . . itssolve to mowtace stephant turn pege of she speech , then gesture , as Band ( x} Plays * intien War dance '' and Indians march on stage . seout press against wall by man in Revolutionary uniform . Stephanie still turn page . Band play a Civil War March . two confederate soldter and a Southern Belle move past scout who be lean againat the wall . she yawn . - Stephanie be now almost at the end of har speech . Band play " over there . " Soldiers , sailor and mrinag march on , . scout be now in a seat position ina corner , camera close tn to the small face cpen amt we can SE # she be . fast asleep , dissolve 274 #1919 ia the stage the Band finish ea fanfare .. stefharie we county have bean adundamtly biass with a2 rich end fertile soil , fram whieh , each yaar wa receive many wonder . fol product , I now call on the spirit of this product . beet a= ( drum roll ) backstage " beef " step cut as the camera move past corn , cotton , pork , feat and through the lag of the crm the scout atill asleep : miss stephanie " miew Stephanie 's voice ropeata '' pork , '' @ little more desperately this tim . there be another drum roll , thea cto final " pory , " drum roll , and the bent go crashing into '' loud version af _ dixis , " misa Stephanie come run . she see the sleep scout . angrily she shake she . x nope poatre seelte ty aaa 6 fou be sa ) ct mung lady . yon have ruin ny pagean , scout jump up , lock tewildered , misa Stephanie stalicy out of the room , . close shot - scout although most of she face be biddan by she costume , we should feel by tha slump of she hedy that she feel miserable . angle widen as jem come rumeing into the room . continued oo 276 . 278 " gig 29 cowtehved ' am ( almost overly cheerful ) wat happen the you ? scour I feel gsleep . miss Stephanie say T rain she show , . . ten : aw , eat 's crazy . come on , take you coatime off mand we will go outside . scour ( very subddusd ) wo , I think itll just keep it on and well back bere util they have - zli go { ff you do not mind . wem suit yourself . I 'l ) come back for you when the coast be clear . ~ scout ouny .. he gob cutelde . sho sit back against the wall , : dissolve to backstage it be empty . gnly seout be beck there alone . she look very forlorn , jem come remnming to . jem geay . they have go now , lett go . be take she by the hand , pick up she dress , and they start ext . , ovf ide it be black dark out here . jem bera , scout , let I hold on to you back , you might lose yorr balance , compieued re hy on om 278 #1919 lz compinued scour ton should hay bring the flaah= light , Jen . vz dide't know it would be this dari , moving seot = scout , jem they atart ecross the black scheolyard , they move siowly , when ° thay get hal ? way across , scout atop , . _ oor fem , L forget my shoe . th . - well , let 's go get they . they turn arounmt 2nd go for . they . ext. , school house - scout and j2m 's foy the suditerilum light be tarme off . jee you tan get ' be tomorrow , : scoue but tomorrow 's Sunday , : wz fou can get the fenitor to let you - ba turn ber around in the direction of they home . br | séont w=. scour Zubt jem nothing , . : be put he band on top of ber head and start guide ber , scour jem , you do not hatte . — cost invad rn 'a 8 #1929 ae cor ? inued sim {interrupt ing ) hosh '' minnte , décut -— they walk along in silence . — - scour minct ' up . watche thinkig ! about ? > zz . ( whisperiag ) thonght I beard something , stop a minote . they stop . hear anything ? scart ho. tory go abort five pace when he max she stop agein , . scour be you tryin ' the scare ms , tent = you xnow . I be ta¢ old . we ( sternly ) , be quiet . there ia 's stillness except for the breetaing of the child , par away a dog howl . scour Heard a old dog than , tem it 's bot that . I heer it when we be '* along , but when we stop , I do not hear it . ( ory tbe sorta . to be che but beginning to have gecuinely efraid nam ) you hear my coatume rastlin' , aw , it 's just helloween get you --- cohtisved 80 # 1919 continued - 2 they begin the walk again . we should begin to hmr the patnt hustle now that jem bas be talk about . scour I hear it acw . i'11 bet tt 's jjuat old cectl jacoh tryint to acare we . lett dantt iet he think welre beery . . . they begin to . move very slowly now . . scout I be gonna ist bim know we know he 's bebind we . ( abe yell ) cecil juscha be a big wet hen . they atop . there iz not # sound , except the word h-«-e.e peverbermting on the schocl house wall . ( wit spe scout , cam you take that off scour I think so , tut I aintt get anything ox under it mech , jzx deve gaz you dresa here . ' scout T can not get it on in ths dari . ce Mt okey , hever mind , scour vam , be you afraid ? vm ba , think we be almost to the tree ' pow . few yard from that , an‘ wafli be to the road . we can see the street light then . : scour you rsckon we ought to sing ? tem bo , be real quist again , scout . contteued 128 at o zap al # 1919 2 contirued ~ 3 they continous on . we tan hear more than a rustle of pant now . we san hear poctstep , as if scmecn ware walkiog behind then in heavy shoe . jom pross scout 's have . hey stop the listan , ( wutaporisg ) whtspe : E feel the sand cold unter my fest , jez . we be near the big cak , . : je shh , :. they can fear someone running towards then . jem ( semme ) ren , sacctt runt fun she take . a big step and she reel . she can not keep she belance in the dark . : &c ( iy terrer ) tem , telp mee help mee ext . schoolyard onder oak = scout 2 oint of view it de piteh dark . a form descend on she and grab ber and ste fall to the eround and rolis , prom nearby , she can bear 3cup - pling , eiceing sound , sound of shoe and flese scraping dire and root . jam rolis against ber end be up like lightning scoct with tim but she ts so entangle by the costum ' they can not get very far , they be nearly to the road when Jen 's leave she . there be more seuffling and a dull crunching SOUND and scout scream . she see a man' form and run into it , bitting tis stomich with ber head . ye sey '' tr? and grab she . suddenly , he be fork backward end scout ig dpugge vith he ; then she be release , she can seo sothing agein now bet the darkness . $ 40 hear the scuppling slowly dying away and then silence , then abs hear a beavt , som s3ac0 no couuge . scout ( culling ) Jen . there ia not answar but a man' seavy breathing , scour ( call again ) Jen , continued wee 283 26 % 285 287 #i9l9 226 again no answer . shs can see $ man aow be groans and be pull somathing hea ang gro . man walk away from she , waleiog heavily and upsteadily towards tha road . back to scout at the osx . she move the where she think the minute wes ond begin to search frantically on the ground , ex ?. the ground under the oak - scout polet op tiew a body liew thera , scout 's hand touch 4t . scoUr Jan . ~ she touch the trousers , a belt buckle , buttom , a collar , a face , tt be a man 's face , bot tt be teo dark to tell whene , back to scout CW the ground . she make she way to whore she think the road be . she look down the road to the atreet light , . : eet . streey light - scout porm op vzew . a may pasoan under it . I be carry the limp bedy of tem , the want contince on , cross the pioch frost yerd , the fioch front deor cpena and atticus run down the step . . bace to scour she be at the radley corner now , in the distance she can hear atticus say , " call Dr. heytolds , where 's sesut ? '' hoving shot - scout shs crossas to they front yard . va fear calpurnia call : '' heret scout . " calpurnta come hurry ouy of the house , down tha step and towarda scout , scour ( call out ) tlm all right , Cal . Cal teke she by the arm and they start for the house , 288 #1929 227 imp. the hall of tat pinch house . Cal anc scout come if . attieus be ut tha phote , articas heck ? atticus finch . someone 's be after my child . jam 's hort . between bere and the schoolhouse , , dea not leave my tey . hm out here , please , and see if he 's stilt arcun , thanks , heck . . ee bang up . he goose to scout . . scout attion , ia jem coad ? . a pprcus wo , scout , lack after she , Cal . be run down the ball towards Jen 's roam . Cal begin to undress scout end get she cut of the costume . calfuhnta . be you sare you be all right ? scour sure . she ia free of the contumr now and begin to rub she little it . : . 's Cal , be jem dead ? calfuraia no , bot unconscious . we do not lmow bow bedly he 's port until Dr. reynold getz bere . honey , what happen ? : scout io swear , I da not know . calpurnia rush out of tha hall and into scout 's room and then agein with clothes for seout . calpurnia put this on , honey , she hand the clothes to she and rush down the hall towards ' jama room , DB , reynold , in he fifty , carry he dactort bag come in tha front deor . he take '' look at scout and pata ber on the head . cont=nued # 2919 22 dr . reynold well , you be still atesd , ee gee past ber down the hall to jem 's reou . close shot - scont she ig ali alone . she glance in terror towards jemt roam , she slowly putz om ber overall calpurnia bas give she . ser abe hes cregsod , abe start slowly dayn tha bell towards Jen 's toom , angle wiven gs the door open and Dr. reynold come out . ee ate scout and go to she . in jom deat dr . seyfoid yur from itt he squat down beside bor . two shot - scout and dr . reynold be pat ber bead . ~ scnphody try the wring he arm off , we can not do much tanight except try vo make hin as comfortable as possi - bls . we will have to x-ray he arm , look like he will be woer nis arm way out by bis side for awhile , dantt worry , though . hstll tb as good a new . boy tis ege boume , wetle be bas be talk to she , dr . reynold have be finger - ing ber bump end look keeniy at she , dr . reynold | you do not feel break anywhere , do you ? . . scout no , sir , continued 299 292 # 1919 : 12 continued dr . reynold then go ia and leck at you brother , aabgle widen ag heck tate come down the hall . heck you all right , scout ? scour yes , mir . I be goin 's acw to see jem . - attleur ie ii there . . . erck I will go with you , ir. jemt boom the roam be dim , jom 's reed light {a shade with a towel , jom lie on bie back . there be ax ugly mark on the sida of he face . his leave be ts ont from the aide of bts body . tha man yho bring oe gtande in 2 i oeeer ? peeping againat the yall . tticus be ' amet puroia be stending to one side seaut and hock tate come I . . atiiicos come in , heck . do yor find aoyth ? heck glance sharply at the man in the commer , nada to he , ‘hen leek mround the room — at jam , calpurnia and attion . me. fineb , I ?ll tell you what I find , I round a little girlis @resa . it ?s ont there in my car . that you dresa , scout ? . scout yes , air , if it 's pink , heck an' I find some funny - lookin ' piece of maddy uolore cloth . : " scour that be mtc4stume , hack rung he hand down bis thigh , he rub eis leave arm slong the wall of jam 's roam , continued mm «# 1919 13 291 continued _ atticus what 15 it , heck ? erce ( rub bis neck} Bob bvellt lyin ' on the ground uude > that tree dam yonder with a kitchen kntfe stick ep under bis wit . het dead , Mr. finch . atticus rise . to atti { ( eleakiy ) afeo you sure ? hece yes , sir , ha will not bother this sktld agein . : atticus maybe wa would better go into the live poem , heck . hce be , if you do not mind , I would rather atay bere if it will not kort jem any , and iocan have 2 lock at bis injury while scout tell I what happen , seout go to atticus . ee put hia arma around ser , hack go to jem and leok at kim . * ece you think yon can tell we what bappensd , miss scout ? scour . all of g sudden , somethin’ grab I and mashed my costume a 's I duck on the ground . jem find I shea and then Mr. bwoll , for reckon , grab he again and jem hollere a ! then somebody grab mar , Mr. ewell , I suess , and somebody grab he then i hear somabedy pantin’ and coughin ' ... who be it ? yp . . continued c oo agi _ 292 fldl > ii vontinved - Z scoot why , thers he be , Mr. tate . he can tall you he name .... ske point to tie mat in the corner wha bring jem hem . he iean against the wall . he bea a pale face acd bts hair be thin ant dead white , end a she point to he , a at pange spasm shake bin . at this moment it come to Scot who he ia , and she gato at bie to wooder , ag a timid emile come to biz face . scour tl bey , bodesis . atticus {geatly correct bar ) mp. avtiutr , honey , Jean louias , - this be Mr. arthur nadley . I belisve he already know you . . scout be embarrassed and try to hide she embarrassment . she go to cover jem up . Dr , reynold come back ix . - ta. reywold if ont . krerrvory ence at boo ) . braqio ' , artior , do not notice you the first time twas here . : ~ ( giamo 22 boo ) at er =~ heck , lot 's go ont on the front porch . there be planty of chair out there aad tt 'a still wart enough , atticus and heck tat go on out . scout go to Arthur , scour come along , Mr. arthur . you do not imow the boure real well . [ !' 1 ] take you to the porch , sir . ee look down at scont and nod , she lsad he out of the door , ext , finch front porce = hight atticus and heck tate wro there . secat bring Arthur out . contisued 22 #igis '' conf ined scorr wo not you hare @ seat , Mr. arthur ? this rocice chair 's nice ami com — fartable . she lead he to the chair farthoat trom . atticus mod heck , it be in deep shadow , atticus be seat in the swing , heck on a abatr next to kim , scont sit next to arthor . to two shot - atticus aud erck well , heck , I oe thing + gueae 3 45 === good Lord , I be lose ay menory . angle favoring atticus - attien push up he glass and press he finger to nis eyer . . &tticus . T can not rameuber if * jem 1a ten or gleven , anyway , it will com before tha County cour . of course , it be @ gleer out cause of self - defense , I will bere to go to the office and boot up == 45gle favoring tate . tate Mr. pinch , do fou think jem kily Bob dwell ? De you think that ? - . atricus you heart what scont say , tate ( quietly , firmly ) mp. pioch , Bob ewell fall on bts knife . he kill btmseif , you voy never stab hin . atticus walk to the corner of the perch and look at tha - wiateria vias . . : continuen a — ~ os , < a #919 he be tate ( explode ) * pharet a black man dead far.noo reascn , end cow the man teaporaible for it be dead . let the dead bury ths . dead this time , Mr. pinch . for never hear tell that it 's agatost the Law for a ettizen to de bia . uteset to prevent a crime from be cammlt , wiick ts exactly vhat he id , gat maybe you will sey it 's of F daty to tell the town a 2 ] abont it amd not bush it up , enow whattd happen then ? all the ladte in maycomh , imcludint my vife , would the kmoakin ' on bis deor bringin’ angel foot cakez . to my way of thinkint , wy. finch , takin ! the ope man whe 's dont you and thin town a great sere vie , and draggin’ he with bis shy way int the limelight ... to I , Chet 's a ain , it 's a sin and I be '' pot shout to have it on my head . to dig 4 hele in the floor with the tow of bia try boot . atticus look crar at boo . heckts meen dawns cn hi- . tore . tew feli sortie to reveose contey mar tari tr - G and Bob ewell foll on hia knife , '' - goed night , sir . he leave . 0.8 , souhd : cak drive off atticus look out into the yaml and then over et scout . atticus . scout , Mr , ewell fall a bia knife , pee think yor cao possibly under — 296 two shot - scout and arrrcus scour tes , sir , le umderstant , Mr. tate be right . continued oy B 91 3 cortinvued atticus what de you mean ? scour well , it would be sort af like shoot a mckingbird , would not itt avticua put he face in she hair apd rub it . 4 ngle widehws as atticus gota up and start for the honse . eefer be goon inside , be stop in front of arthur radley , : attico thank you for my child , arthur . Ze go om tnxide . arthor gete op mo code toward the front a . scour you would like the nay gocd night tc jom , yuan you , Mr. artharf come right they go in the door . tet . malnay seoat end . arthur coat in . they go to the door of Jen 's roam , ost . jemt room scout and arthur enter . . scour br. - regnalds gare he a heavy seda - tive , Cal say , a0 he would sleep , ' seout lead he to jem 'a bed , arthor look at hia from head to foot as though he bed never sean a boy before , bie hand come up , but be lot it drop to bis side , scour you ¢am pet he , Mr. Arthur , hat agleep . you could not if be be ' awake , thongh , be woulda 's let you . go ahead , bis band comm lightly on jam 's hair . then be tug at scout 's arm and she umierstand be want to leave . they go ot . of y ! 300 ~~ sa . asis 2 det. haldway seoat and artou exter from jam 's room . sha lead he to th. front door . they atend there . he holda ber bend , ( whisper ) will you take I home ? scout . '' he. Arthur , bend you azmm down bere like that . that 's right , ctr . she siipe ber bend inte the crock of he arm . they valk out the front doar . : ext . finch feoht porch and sidewalk - movibg shot ~ bicht thay walk in the yard , up the walk and onto the hadley porch , artoor cint the decor knob and go in , leave scont alone on the por tray louise ( ¥0 ) heigntor ting food with death , and flower with sickness , and Little thing in between . foo vas ou neighbor , he give ua two soap @oll , & break watch and chain , a mmife and we life . one time atticus aaid you sever really knov 2 man until . you steed in bia shoe apd walk arcund in they . just stand on the radley perch be sncugh , movie : sece saout start home , 4 fine rain be fall . she rus up the stope and go inte she house , diszqlve of int . jen' bedroom atticus be there , sit beside jem 's bed . scort Haas jom weke up yett atticus sleep peacefully . hoe will not wake until morning . contisved foe eee ee ee soe { ross ~~: mar # 1919 oe 302 continued , she climb late hts lep . sear lowise ( to ) well , the summer that have bagun 90 long ago bad end , amd ancthe ' summer bec take itz place , and a . fall , and boo radley bad com cut , anc jem wae to live . I waa the think af this day many time , of Jen , and tail and boo radley and tum botinsoo «nd the bwell and atticus eww be fairness , bts stubborness , ris devotion , kis courage , he love , 303 . eet . finch house - con 's wonpow we can see atticus through the wiadow , sit by bis son 's bed , hold seour . , : on loutse ( vo ) ee weold the to jam 's room gil . and be would be there when jom : wake up in the marmiog . gamma slowly pull back a atticus look at the aleep jen. : pad out he byd