int . room - day ( efx ) gideon , a strongly build elderly black man , be sit at a table . on the table be a large bowl of fruit . a crochete tablecloth hang over the side of the table . gideon be dress in a white suit and wear a pair of well - polished wing - tip shoe . his hat almost cover he eye , which be two point of greenish coal . the fruit in the bowl be engulf in flame . the flame look as if they be dripping from the tablecloth to the floor . gideon 's shoe start to smoulder . his shoe burst into flame which spread up he pants leg . his head fall forward as if he have suddenly fall to sleep . he twiddle he thumb very slowly in a circle . he cross he leg as if to get comfortable . the camera move to a close up of he burn shoe . the image of he foot begin to appear through he shoe ; the flame fade ; the background change as we dissolve to : ext . gideone backyard - day gideon 's bare foot be rest on reddish dry earth . gideon be sit in he backyard under a fruit tree with a Bible rest in he hand . his house be a small , neatly paint bungalow in South Central Los Angeles . corn , tomato , other vegetable grow in the yard . chicken scratch around . he slowly awaken ; he hand be tremble . he look around and see the chicken . he look up at the sky and sigh , with some relief . sunny , gideon 's grandson , five year old , have be watch he from the back window of the house . he leave the window . int . hallway - day dolly shot of sunny sunny peep in the workroom . through the crack in the door , a woman wave to sunny . int . workroom - day the room be nearly fill with pregnant woman and they husband . suzie , gideon 's wife , late 60' or early 70' , a picture of health , be give a last bit of instruction before the class end . some of the people be already prepare to leave . suzie remember , especially you man , that work together now will already have form a bond before the child arrive . the woman be very sensitive . somewhere in the room a male Voice boom out . voice ( o.s. ) tell I about it . there be a bit of laughter as all start put away they thing . ext . backyard - day gideon look over at the chicken , scratch around in the garden . he call to they , but they do not respond . he put he shoe on and walk towards the back door of the house . enter the house , he stop and wait inside the door peeping out . in a sort of devilish manner he talk to himself . gideon spoil the little fox that spoil my vine . ext . backyard - day shot of the backyard . nothing . suddenly , with the grace and suspicion of alley cat , kid jump over gideon 's back fence , look around timidly , and start climb up he fruit tree . gideon walk down the step slowly while hum in a deep voice . he turn the water on and walk over to the tree , trapping the kid . dangle leg , hang from the tree , try to scurry up the tree to safety . gideon spray the tree with water . wet kid fall out of the tree and in one motion leap the fence . gideon cut the water off and slap the dirt off he hand . he be quite pleased with himself . ext . alleyway - day one of the wet kid be watch gideon as he go back inside the house . the boy signal the other who slowly follow in single file . they jump the fence and climb back up the tree . they let they half - eat fruit fall to the ground . int . bedroom - day suzie open a letter and a picture of a baby fall out . suzie look at the picture before read the letter . she try to find a place for it among the other baby picture that cover the entire mirror on the dresser . gideon come in and start to undress . gideon my mind play trick on I . be it okay if I take a bath now ? suzie everyone be go . Rhonda be in the bathroom . rhonda , gideon 's granddaughter , 13 year old , come out of the bathroom . gideon I be look through my trunk and I can not find my toby . rhonda what 's that ? gideon it be a charm that my great grandmother make I . everyone notice the worried look on gideon 's face . suzie it will show up . rhonda if my daddy call , tell he I walk home . suzie you be careful and thank you for look after sunny . sunny be asleep on the sofa with a half - eat apple ready to fall out of he hand . gideon Babe brother and he wife be take advantage of a situation . I hate to be mean to people but pick sunny up when they feel like it have to come to a end . now I be go to ask he how come he could not be at you birthday . suzie do not bother the poor boy . it just take some people a little longer to figure out who they be . gideon I do not know how two brother can be so different . ext . mrs . baker' backyard - day skip baker , who be thirteen , crawl out of he pigeon cage , hold two bird that he throw up in the air . he climb upon the garage roof and throw rock at the bird to keep they fly . he whistle and yell at they . close up of bird flying as the bird circle skip 's house , they do backward roll and death grip . skip throw more rock to keep they fly . the rock land on gideon 's roof . the SOUND of a person try to learn how to play a trumpet break the pleasant sound of the pigeon pop they wing and fly in circle over the house . int . mrs . baker' house , rodney's bedroom - day rodney baker be about nine . he stand next to a shade window , try to finger the right valve on he trumpet . he try to hit a high note , but only succeed in make a awful screeching sound . ext . mrs . baker' house - day a group of kid walk by rodney 's window shout insulting thing about he horn play . kide shut up ! go help you mama wash dish ! int . gideone kitchen - day suzie be stand over a egg that just fall on the floor . the screeching SOUND of the trumpet from next door be interrupt by the doorbell . suzie can not decide on what to do , to clean the egg up or answer the door . the doorbell keep ringing . ext . front porch - day two uniform Police officer stand impatiently at the door . int . front room - day suzie invite officer scott and officer davis in . both man be white and be in they mid-twenty . Officer Davis do most of the question . davis we have a complaint from one of you neighbor about a rooster crow in the morning . int . bathroom - day gideon be shave with a straight razor and hum to himself , obviously in a good mood . suzie stick she head in . suzie the police be here to talk to you about the chicken . the good mood that gideon be in dissolves quickly . gideon wipe the soap off he face and throw the towel down . suzie leave . gideon brushes he hair and adjust he bathrobe . int . front room - day gideon come in , still adjust he bathrobe . gideon what can I do for you , Officer ? suzie return to the kitchen to clean the egg on the floor . Officer Scott keep she in view . davis you know it be against the city ordinance to keep chicken or live stock . gideon I always have chicken , duck and whatnot . davis not anymore , not in the city . gideon we grow most of we own food . the money I get from social security , my pension and my wife 's work , keep we live on the edge . what choice do people like we have . davis well , you just have to move further out . gideon now how far would further out be ? davis I be not here to argue , sir . scott you guy do not make anything illegal , do you ? gideon like what may I ask ? scott you might have a distillery pump out barrel of moonshine . suzie look at Scott for a moment and go into the kitchen . gideon be about to lose control . Davis head off the confrontation . davis look , just get rid of the chicken and you all have a nice day . gideon stand in the doorway watch the Police go down the step . gideon I will be damned if I get rid of my chicken . I ought to get some hog and put they out there . int . front room - night there be soft knock on the door . suzie enter frame wear a robe . suzie who be it ? babe brother ( v.o. ) Babe brother . suzie open the door . babe brother , gideon 's youngest son , about 31 , handsome , wear a expensive suit , come in , beat the cold off of he and blow in he hand . babe brother I be hope you come to the door instead of he . it get cold at night . suzie this do not make any sense ; you be go to drag that poor boy out in the cold air . babe brother he will be alright . the camera follow Babe brother . he pass gideon 's room where gideon be asleep , snore loudly . int . gideone bedroom - night suzie and Babe brother enter the bedroom where sunny be sleep . suzie give Babe brother a blanket to wrap sunny up in . babe brother thanks for take care of he . I will try not to be so long next time . Babe brother give he mother a good - night kiss . gideon come to the door . gideon what time be it ? do you think you can just treat we like you slave ? it 's after one . babe brother I try to call to let you know I be go to be late . gideon that 's a lie . suzie let we settle this tomorrow . gideon look ! do not try to get ahead by riding we back . babe brother ( shout ) I pay my own way . gideon since when ? he reach for Babe brother but suzie come between they . suzie take sunny home , please . she push Babe brother away . Babe brother walk away , stare back at he father . int . gideone bedroom - same night gideon be lie in bed . suzie get in beside he . gideon you foot be cold . suzie go back to sleep . gideon I ask you to wake I when Babe brother come . suzie you all act like two rooster . gideon I be not go to let he get away with murder . suzie you and Babe brother be so much alike ... gideon he be not nothing like I . how come a man have to have son that be day and night apart ? you ought to stop protect he . suzie hush . gideon you be always take he side . suzie hush . gideon I be try to make he a man but you keep baby he . suzie you be go to find yourself on the floor . int . babe brother' bedroom - morning the bedroom be tastefully furnish with modern art and painting by barn . Babe brother wake up with sunny stand in the doorway look at he . it take Babe brother some time to fully wake up . finally he sit reluctantly on the side of the bed and sunny come over and sit next to he , try to get he weary father interested in he remote- control racing car . babe brother I want you to be the richest man in the world so I can be the richest father in the world . sunny I do not want to be rich . I want to work on the railroad like grandfather . babe brother Son , if you be go to have a family , you can not always choose a job just because you like it . ( beat ) I do not want you to shine anybody 's shoe or be a porter . you let somebody else carry you bag . sunny quietly get up and follow he car out of the room . int . babe brother' house - day Babe brother , have shower but still wear he pajamas , drag himself to the kitchen table where he wife linda have a huge coffee mug with the inscription , " I be the boss " , wait for he . Linda be about thirty year old and materially orient like she husband . she be wear a conservatively cut business dress . sunny stop play with he car and get himself a empty cup . Babe brother be about to pour he some of he coffee when Linda object . linda no . sunny plead with she in silence but Linda refuse to yield . babe brother he would not want any if you do not try to keep it away from he . Linda leave the table but stop for a moment and look down at she husband . linda because you be spoiled , do not try to spoil sunny . babe brother my daddy never give I anything without my have to sweat for it . every summer , the way they keep I and junior out of trouble be to send we to Big daddy 's farm . we would get up with the chicken . every summer the fence have to be repair . the barn need a coat of paint . we have to pip all of Big mama 's hundred lay hen and go to church all day on Sunday . for Big daddy , calluse and sweat be the mark of a man . sunny will never have to bust he knuckle like we do . linda I want sunny to have a advantage that you and I never have , but he need discipline , and you be not help when I tell he to do something and you allow he to get out of it . babe brother what be a sip of coffee go to do ? linda coffee be bad for anybody , especially for a child . babe brother I do not see you cry about my drink it . linda how old be you ? ext . backyard - day a slow close up dolly shot of suzie' hand dropping seed in the ground . gideon be rake out the chicken coop . he put the rake down and walk over to the garden and watch suzie plant seed for a while . gideon instead of stand here do nothing , I better give that chicken some scratch before they start cackle . ext . alleyway - day old JOHN be push he cart up the alley . Old John 's face be wash so clean that it shine . his pants be dirty and he cart be full of odd and end of no value . he look to be about seventy and fit . Old John throw a sack on gideon 's fence . ext . backyard - day suzie , be bent over a plant that she be tie to a stick . she look up and see the sack on the fence . a smile appear on she face . she go over to the fence . ext . alleyway - day Old John be about to take up he journey when suzie stick she head over the fence . suzie how be you ? old JOHN tolerably well . I bring you some more rabbit manure for you rose . suzie it be so considerate of you . gideon stick he head over the fence . gideon well , well , look who be take up all the sunshine . brother John , how be you do ? old JOHN I be still here . suzie leave the two man talk . gideon tell I something . how do you get energy to stay on the move all day ? old JOHN you could not sit on you rump under my daddy 's roof . no sir . if you could not outwork he mule , you be not worth the salt you put in green . you have to wake up look for something to do . I be raise as a mule and now I be a roll stone . suzie stick she head over the fence and hand a bag of red tomato to Old John . old JOHN ( cont 'd ) I do not mean for you to pay I for that . suzie I know you do not but you have be so thoughtful . old JOHN but when you sunflower come up , I will pay you for they . suzie I plant a row just for you and you do not owe I anything . ext . neighborhood - day high angle shot off in the distance , a man be cut he lawn . gideon and suzie be work in they garden . other couple work they garden . two young man be work on they car , which be create a lot of smoke . a group of girl be sit on a porch try to sing while one of the smaller one be try to learn a step . skip be on the roof with he radio listen to rap music while he bird circle over head . from time to time he throw a rock at they . int . delivery room - day the camera be outside of the room . the scene be shot through the partly OPEN door . it be hard to see the woman give birth . there be people block the view of the camera . suzie be face the camera and the woman have she back to the camera . mother it hurt . suzie do not push too fast ! breathe ! the hard part be over . you can see the top of the head . mother it hurt . the pain . ( scream ) it 's tear I . suzie Father , give she a hand . father hey , this be too much . suzie you do you part . mother can you tell what it be ? suzie almost there . father it 's a junior . mother ah , I want a girl . suddenly the baby begin to scream . ext . backyard - day a sack appear on gideon 's fence . the sound of Old John 's cart be hear rattling off . int . church - day suzie , gideon , junior ( gideon 's elder son , 35 year old and dark skinned ) , PAT ( junior 's wife , who be expect , about 32 ) and Rhonda be all seat next to one another in the same row . the preacher be knee - deep in water . he be baptize a group of young people . the member of the church be sing " take I to the Water " . a elderly man who can hardly walk without help be be lead down to the pool . int . kitchen - day suzie , gideon , junior , Pat and Rhonda be all seat at the table eat . Babe brother be stand up . he look in the pot but do not find it to he like . junior be irritate at he brother . junior when be you go to find time to help I fix the roof ? babe brother you all do not believe I when I tell you I be afraid of height . junior you use that excuse to get out of the army . babe brother you always get something to say . gideon you mother ask I not to mention it but you mother 's birthday be last week . babe brother I have not forget . I order some cloth but it do not come in and I feel so bad if I would have come to she birthday without that , I just stay at home . gideon what do you wife get she ? babe brother we get the same thing . junior laugh at Babe brother 's story . gideon Boy , go tell you wife to come in . ext . STREET - day Babe brother 's car , a new audi , be park out front . Linda be in the front seat read a magazine while sunny be asleep in the back seat . Babe brother stick he head in the window . babe brother why do not you come in for a while ? linda I would like to finish read this . what would I talk about ? I have not read this month 's almanac . I do not care to hear about how the corn be this fall or how to get rid of gopher by put garlic in they hole . they pride themselves in make life hard and that 's not my cup of tea . int . kitchen - day suzie , gideon , junior , Pat and Rhonda be still at the table eat . suzie you know , Babe brother 's wife just dump green in the pot without wash they . gideon Babe brother be a poor boy . junior you all should have be hard on he like you be I and he would not be the way he be . suzie everybody get the same . I breast feed he like I breast feed you . PAT junior , you be wrong . int . car - day babe brother just for a minute . a dirt rock hit the front windshield . Linda let out a little scream . Babe brother look around . skip be on top of the roof next door . skip I do not mean to hit you car . I be throw at my bird . int . feed store - day gideon be look at the price of lay mash . he dig he hand into a barrel of scratch . sunny also dig he hand in the barrel . suzie be look at new young plant . she give the vegetable a thorough go - over . gideon be stand in line wait to place he order . gideon I need about five pound of lay mash and you better give I about the same of scratch . while at the counter , gideon turn and look around at the price of different item . suzie bring she plant and put they on the counter . gideon ( cont 'd ) when be you go to have a sale on weed killer ? cashier you miss it . we have a two - day sale last week . gideon what kind of a sale be a two - day sale ? I think sale last a week or two . cashier every day we have something different . today 's sale be hay . 25 % off . if you have a horse or cow , you be in business . int . car - day sunny look at the Little girl in the next car ; she have she mouth press against the window . she be miss a tooth . gideon be behind the wheel while suzie hold she new plant up to the sun , carefully look at they . sunny , seat in the back , poke a hole in the sack of feed . the mash trickle to the floor as if from a hour glass . int . kitchen - day suzie be sit in front of a table full of jar . each jar have a shoot and be half - fill with water . gideon be on he knee try to fix the hinge to a cabinet . sunny be sit almost under he listen to he tell storey . sunny have a coffee can full of marble . gideon all of the preacher be down in the basement of the church confess they sin to one another . they be way down in the basement ' cause they figure no one would hear they . one of the preacher say , it make I feel too shame to tell how bad I have be . you know they young gal that sit up in the first row . I can look at they and forget my text . I be just lose when it come to woman , even they middle age sister . then another preacher say , I do not think I can tell you what my sin be ' cause it 's bad . another preacher say , brother , we all amongst friend . tell we what 's troubling you soul . clear you conscience . gideon take a sip of water . gideon ( cont 'd ) so the preacher say , we all get a bond ' cause we confess to one another . so let I tell you , my sin be corn liquor . I just act a fool behind that spirit water . I love it more than preaching . now be not that a sin , lord . so all the preacher go on confess , each one worst than the last . finally they come to the last preacher who have be very quiet and listen to every word that fall . one of the preacher say to he , it 's you turn . confess will lift you burden , brother . bare we you soul . we do . the last preacher say , no , my sin be the worst among all of you . one of the preacher say , ah go on man and stop all this suspense . so the last preacher say , like I tell you my sin be the lowest . ( beat ) my sin be gossipe and I can not wait to get out and tell what I hear . sunny do not get the humor of the story . he be more interested in pick up he marble that gideon 's foot kick over . suzie you ought not tell he storey like that . sunny tell I another story . gideon I will you a story about the terrapin and the rabbit . no , you tell I a story . come on . sunny once upon a time , my mommy and daddy live in this big house that I buy for they . I get they this big car . a strong wind cause the broom handle to knock against the china teapot , knocking it to the floor . suzie stop sunny from try to help pick up the piece . suzie you stay back . you might cut you finger . suzie look down sadly at she break tea pot . gideon I look everywhere for my toby . ext . apple orchard - day the tree be barren , which give they a unfriendly look . as we look at the ground , a man 's distort shadow stop in the frame . dissolve to : ext . front porch - day a shadow of a man appear on gideon 's porch . the camera tilt up to harry mention , a very dark - look , ageless old man carry several box hold together by a cord . he look exhaust from he journey . he look in he address book and , satisfied that he reach the right house , he ring the doorbell . int . front room - day suzie come to the front door ; she recognize Harry right away . she invite he in . Harry stump he foot on the porch several time and then enter . suzie Harry , I can not believe it be you . gideon , look who be here . gideon come in , wiping he hand . sunny , carry the broom , follow behind . gideon Harry , good God almighty , man ! it 's be , what , thirty year or more . suzie , we have not see Harry since we leave home . Harry be more interested in the boy , but sunny do not want to come near Harry . it be gideon 's arm that be keep he within close range of Harry . gideon ( cont 'd ) this be my grandson , sunny . he be my youngest son 's child . harry he kind of favor one of my boy when he be about he age . sunny , play with the broom , accidentally touch Harry 's shoe with it . Harry hide he anger about be touch with the broom . Harry take the broom from sunny and spit on the bottom of it . harry ( cont 'd ) Boy , that be bad luck to touch a fellow with a broom . gideon he know better . sunny , apologize to Harry . sunny I be sorry . gideon what be you do in this part ? harry I come all the way from Detroit by bus go to oakland . the bus stop in Los Angeles . I have to get off and take a rest . I will catch the last bus leave at midnight . I be just too tired to go on . gideon why do not you catch a plane ? harry my foot have never be on anything that be not directly attach to the ground . gideon stay until you feel better ? I would like to hear all the news . harry I be wear out but will not you feel like you be take in a stranger ? suzie Stranger my foot , it be my grandmother who help you into this world . harry well , I do not want to put you out . gideon man , put you box down and stay as long as you like . we have empty room since the boy get they own family and move out . harry well if you be sure , I will not be a bother . oh , I do not sleep on no spring mattress . I always make myself a pallet on the floor . int . bedroom - day the bedroom door to Harry 's room be crack open . peer through the crack door , we see Harry asleep on he pallet . his back be turn to the camera . it be dead silent . there do not seem to be any sign of life . on the floor be a plate that have water in it . it look like it be for a dog . int . kitchen - day suzie be peel potato and gideon be irone . suzie poor old Harry , he really must have be wear out . he have be asleep all day . without anyone be aware , Harry have be stand in the doorway for some time . harry good evening . it must be all the different time zone I cross that make I feel this weary . suzie you should go back and rest . harry no , if I rest any longer , I will not sleep tonight . May I use you bathroom to wash up a bit ? gideon man , act like this be you home . harry that 's awful generous of you . I always ask to keep from wear out welcome . suzie one can tell you be from back home . this people nowadays do not know what manners be . harry where we come from , you have to know how to act right . you have to know how to say yes sir and no sir . you have to know you place . gideon you have to tread softly . the doorbell ring and gideon go to answer it . suzie that day you could always find something redeem about even the worst person . harry you remember that boy who lose he mind , Joe ? you could hear he pitching horseshoe at night in the dark . he would not miss a one . make he mad and call yourself run in the house to be safe . he would pick up a brick and say " go on in there brick and hit somebody " and it would find its mark . suzie I be afraid to go to Marcus bottom because of he . harry all that place that we colored live , that we use to call bottom , have all be change to drive and Heights . everything be in what you call it , not in what it be . gideon come back with junior , pal and Rhonda . gideon Harry , I would like for you to meet my oldest son , he wife and daughter . junior please to meet you . so you be from back home , too . Harry and junior shake hand , but Rhonda give Harry only a nod of she head and a smile . Pat , who be pregnant , attempt to shake hand with Harry , but be force to withdraw she hand because of a sudden pain in she stomach . PAT this boy must be turn over . oh , he just kick I again . junior feel she stomach . Pat again try to shake Harry 's hand and again get a jolt from she stomach . she find a chair to sit down in . the SOUND of rock hit the roof cause everyone to look up . gideon it 's the boy next door throw at he bird . I be just wait on he to hit a pane in the window harry I be go to wash up now . you all please excuse I . int . gideon be house - bathroom - day Harry be wiping off he face with a washcloth . he stare at himself in the mirror for a long time . the sudden sound of the boy next door start to play he trumpet startles he . he smile at the trumpeter 's effort . he wring the wash cloth out . a reddish oil - like liquid drip into the face bowl . ext . gideon be house - early morning a few of the house have light on . suddenly , gideon 's rooster start to crow . a dog start to bark and a garbage can be knock over . bedroom light in almost all the house in the neighborhood pop on . the voice of neighbor complain be hear . int . bedroom - early morning Harry be just waking up . he listen to the voice of suzie and gideon as they get ready for church . int . front room - morning gideon be paging through the Bible as he stand by the door , wait for suzie who be water she plant . Harry come in . harry good morning . gideon you ought to come hear we preacher . remember old cat Iron ? well , we preacher be just as strong . harry next time when I feel a little better perhaps . gideon I be go to get up and get a hen out there for dinner , but time get away . harry oh , I would feel much at home if you let I get one for you . I have not wrung a chicken 's neck in a month of Sunday . you know , folk would call my daddy to kill they hog . that use to be my trade from time to time . gideon well , I would appreciate that . ext . house - day gideon and suzie be step off the porch . Harry be stand behind the screen door . gideon and suzie get in junior 's car . junior , Pat and Rhonda wave to Harry as the car pull away . int . live house - day it be a tracking shot , following harry through the house . Harry look through gideon 's and suzie 's private thing . he look at the baby picture that fill the mirror . he read suzie 's letter that be date year ago . in one of the letter , he find a picture of a man stand behind a plough . " uncle Joe after ella 's death " be write on the back . a picture of a mule hold he interest . he look at it for a long time and carry it with he as he continue he search . ext . backyard - day Harry slowly walk along the row in suzie 's garden . he stand by the chicken cage . suddenly , the chicken start to run about and cackle as if a dog have get in . Harry turn from the chicken coop . he stand still . sunny be hide behind a bush . sunny step around the bush . Harry look at sunny with such concentration that sunny take a step backward as if get ready to defend himself . mrs . baker , a black woman in she early thirty , come out on the back porch . she shake out a rug . she stop shaking the rug and stare at Harry . Harry become aware of Mrs. Baker 's stare . he come to himself and smile at she . int . gideone kitchen - day Harry and Babe brother be play card while Linda watch and sunny play by himself on the floor . in the sink be a newspaper full of bloody feather . a small flame be under a pot on the stove . Harry look at the chicken in the pot and sit back down . linda you do not act like the rest of gideon 's friend . they believe if you be not hard at work , you be hard at sin . harry oh , I be more modern in my way . I do not believe in sin , though there be good and evil . ( beat ) and evil be a thing you work at . Harry take he knife , a crab apple switch , out . it have a rabbit foot attach to it . Harry clean he fingernail with the knife . sunny be interested in the rabbit foot . he reach for the knife . harry ( cont 'd ) not you must not touch . you mama might not like you handle knife . linda I think he want to see you rabbit foot . harry I let this rabbit foot do in place of my toby that I lose year ago . linda what 's a toby ? harry you do not want to be at crossroad without one . it 's a charm that old people teach you how to make . I have one for a long time that belong to my grandmother who have it ever since she be a child . ( beat ) in my travel I misplace it . I have be look over my shoulder ever since . linda I think you be not old fashioned . harry in some thing . when we be child , there use to be a old man that come around and would snatch you soul if you do not have something on you that do not make a X . Harry be aware that Babe brother be interested in the knife . after clean he last fingernail , he hand the knife to Babe brother . Harry look at the card in he hand . he smile to himself . harry do you have you child at home ? linda no. no. no. no. I have my child at cedar and sinai . and that be not no county hospital . you have to have cash or check before you come in the door . harry some folk take that natural stuff too far . linda junior 's wife keep she afterbirth ' in the refrigerator . that 's why I do not eat over there now . harry country people get so many strange way , Harry look again at the chicken that he be boil . babe brother do you ever have to use this thing ? harry that be call a crab apple switch . it 's for that bad act monkey and just the thing for a mean dog . now I do not know if I actually do what I do or get my life and story mix in with other folk 's storey but I seem to recall that I have to use my crab apple on a boy from back home . I be up in Memphis work on the railroad , like you daddy who have a easy job . he would sing a song that have a cadence and we would lay track . anyway I be come down beale Street and I hear this music come from a saloon . sure enough it be emory . my daddy teach both of we to play but emory be natural at it . get in a blue band and what not . he and another boy have kill a boy name hocker sometime back and they ball the Jack leave town . emory have lose one eye and have a scar run down he face . bad luck I would say . he get to drink that corn liquor . we go to he girl 's room and he would not stop drink . he start talk about the old day and he go mad . he pull he knife and I get to mine first . the light go out . Linda pick up a card and look at it . there be a naked woman on the back . babe brother do not pick up the card if you be not in the game . do he die ? harry I do not know what happen to he . he just run out into the street . ( beat ) I get some old record I want you to hear . I like the blue sung simply , man and a guitar . or sung by a woman who have bad luck all she life . do not ever let anyone tell you he life 's story if it be of a weary life full of sadness . when I be a boy , a man tell I a story of how he lose all of he son and I will be damned if the same thing do not happen to I . sunny be busy play in the curtain . the SOUND of gideon and suzie arrive make they scurry to get the card put away . Harry put he knife away just as suzie and gideon enter . Linda feel a little embarrassed . linda how be church ? gideon and suzie be surprised to see Linda . they do not know what to say . ext . mrs . baker' backyard - day rodney walk around in the yard blowing he trumpet as loud as he can . the SOUND of the trumpet frighten skip 's bird . int . bathroom - day gideon be repair the pipe under the face bowl . Harry be lean against the door . harry how often be you wife call to help delivery ? gideon it be slow . now it seem like everyone be have birth at home . gideon take the pipe off . it have rotted . gideon can not believe it . gideon ( cont 'd ) what could have cause this ? I just change this damn thing . harry everything this day be make overseas . gideon you and Babe brother hit it off so well . harry course , it be you business , but I feel oblige to tell you that maybe you have not be fair with the boy . gideon I try to teach he right from wrong just like I do he junior . harry everyone have to follow he own plough . a man do not have to know how to cut a wick and clean a chimney nowadays . City people do not give a hoot and a holler about the shape of the moon nowadays . you do not plant old way ... ( beat ) ... but , at the end , you find yourself do what you father do but you have to have the land in you . ( beat ) it 's when you want to give the house or farm to the kid and they do not want it . you sell it to a stranger . you work you whole life , for what ? ( beat ) I doubt if people nowadays have knowledge of a victory garden or see a inch worm . all what we have experience have no meaning . gideon you be suppose to teach you child what you know . junior , I do not have to worry about . Babe brother be a different story . harry you still call he boy . you call Babe brother boy in front of he wife and son . gideon my daddy call I boy up to the time he die . I be always boy to he . harry ' course , you could be right . you son be alive . all my son be dead . off-screen , rodney start to practice on he horn . int . babe brother' live room - evening Babe brother be sit with sunny by the screen door blow giant bubbles . the bubbles drift past Linda , who be sit at the table with real estate papers all over the table . she be talk on the phone with a client and signal they to stop disturbing she . Babe brother send more bubbles float by , cause she to shake the water off she papers while she talk to a first time buyer . linda it have three bedroom , one and a half bath . well , yes , that mean two toilet and one bath . well ... yes , by appointment ... call I back if you decide . she hang up the phone . linda you would think people never live in a house if they have to ask what do 1 1 / 2 bath mean . babe brother will you still get the money from you father ? linda I tell he we might not need it , if you can talk you parent into give you you share of the property . babe brother pop put Big daddy 's farm in Rhonda 's and sunny 's name and fix it so no one can borrow on it . linda we could borrow on that land and put the money to work . babe brother I preach to Mom and dad about it but they be stick in they way , it 's like talk to a brick . but if there be a way ... Babe brother be lose in he thought . he stare down at he hand rest on he knee . he pick up the telephone . int . junior be house - day junior be on the phone with Babe brother . Pat cross in front of the camera shaking she head in a negative manner . Babe brother 's voice be just audible . junior you want I to mortgage my house to invest in a scheme of yours ? you know the last time we go into something together daddy have to go in he savings to keep we from end on the street . babe brother ( o.s. ) why be you always afraid to get somewhere ? junior this be not a good time to take chance . you best friend , Robert , a accountant , lose he home and be out on the street . we see he from time to time . he come down to church for a free meal . babe brother ( o.s. ) this be what it be all about , try to keep from be out on the street . junior Robert ask about you . when be you go to do something to help he ? babe brother ( o.s. ) maybe I can get down there next week . junior turn to he wife , who be off-camera . junior Babe brother always act like a gambler who be in the biggest game of he life and do not know about play card . ext . railroad track - hot afternoon Harry and gideon be walk along a railroad track . the sun be blind . the heat make the asphalt appear to turn into a lake off in the distance . gideon appear exhaust ; bead of sweat continually form on he forehead . he fan himself with he hat . Harry be unaffected by the hot temperature . harry I can sit here and look at train track all day . we laid enough of they , do not we ? so many memory be stretch along track like this . gideon look down the track . a bowl of dust stir off in the distance . the hot temperature make the track appear liquid . ext . railroad track - hot afternoon ( effect ) the track begin to twist and bend . off in the distance , faint image of man lay track to a song . ext . railroad track - hot afternoon gideon be stand with he hat in he hand . his posture be that of a extremely old man . gideon in weather like this , you can not walk around bare -headed . he wipe the sweat from he hat band . harry we will go a little farther . the walk will do we some good . int . kitchen - day suzie be peel apple while sunny , stand next to she , catch peeling in he mouth . Pat be sit next to the window . she be uncomfortable . she loosen she pants , give she stomach more room . Rhonda be lean over the back of the chair with she arm around Pat 's neck . they be in silhouette . PAT do you do you homework ? rhonda yes. ( beat ) mama ? PAT what ? rhonda can I name the baby ? int . harry bedroom - day suzie knock on the door . Harry come to the door still buttone he shirt . suzie I have someone I want you to meet . harry I will be right there . int . front room - day gideon in the background in the kitchen wash off the vegetable . suzie and hattie be sit at the table . Harry come in and be surprised to see hat tie . hattie be in she late sixty but look well . she make a conscious effort to dress plainly . hattie I could not believe it when suzie call and say you be stay here . how have you be ? harry girl , do you still sing and dance ? hattie no , I be a different person now , Harry . hattie have a nervous condition that cause she to squint from time to time . gideon come in from the kitchen . gideon have not the year be good to hattie ? harry it have not be the year ; it 's be the man in she life . hattie Harry , that 's not nice . I be in church now . harry why run out and close the barn door when the horse be go ? I remember when you be not save . that be way back yonder when the natchez trace be just a dirt road . hattie some people grow up and change they way . harry I know you mother be not still operate that house of hers . hattie my mother pass on year ago . ext . STREET in front of house - day m.c. slam the door to he car and hurry up the step , leave herman , in spite of he bad condition , to get out of the car the best he can . the car door almost knock poor herman over . m.c. seem rather youthful because of he energy and awkwardness . he be a large muscular man . herman be a dry - up man with nothing , not even a shadow . he have a rack cough . int . front room - day m.c. give gideon a bear hug , lift he off he foot . on see suzie , he drop gideon and rush over to lift she up off she foot . ext . STREET - day herman be still try to get out of the car . int . front room - day m.c. lift suzie off the ground twice . he run over to hattie who do not want to be handle , try to withdraw but m.c. force she to she foot and give a big bear hug . hattie have a series of squinting attack . m.c. squint in return . hattie m.c. , you still be not house break . gideon good God almighty , if it be not like a parade of people from out of the past . m.c. , where do you come from ? m.c . I live here . there be a tapping on the door . m.c. ( cont 'd ) that 's old herman . hattie Harry , what do you do , rob the graveyard ? herman hobble in and , after a minute of coughing , a smile form on he face . int . live room - night suzie , gideon and hattie be seat at the table while m.c. bounce from one end of the table to the other . one moment he be on he knee and next moment he be lean over someone to flick he ash in the ashtray on the table . hattie hate it when he come near she . Harry and herman sit together in the corner chew on starch . m.c. hattie , do you still dance ? hattie I be in church . m.c . what do that get to do with it ? hattie suzie , you still have Joe 's number ? suzie I will have to look for it . m.c . who 's Joe ? hattie none of you business . harry that be a boy from home , lulla 's brother . suzie be surprised . suzie Harry , you know everything . harry you get to know everything , do everything , and be everything . gideon bring a fresh pot of coffee . gideon try to signal m.c. to stop harass hattie . m.c. lean over hattie again to use the ashtray . Harry be help herman to he foot . herman start to cough . they come over and join the rest of the crowd at the table . Harry seat herman next to gideon and pour herman a cup of coffee . he put the sugar and cream in the coffee for herman . suzie come back with Joe 's number and hand it to hattie . herman m.c. , I be wear out . you ready to go ? m.c . if you be tired , go sit in the car . herman suzie , do you have any swamp root ? suzie no , but I might have some indian Chief tonic . hattie I have not hear anyone mention swamp root since button - up shoe go out . harry you can certainly tell how old you be , my dear . hattie be angere . hattie you know the say , " you heart be in you leave hand . " harry now I be try to be nice , to make conversation , since we go back some . hattie I be quote from the Bible . if the shoe fit , wear it . harry " out of weariness , I speak to my own heart ; to leave it all and to die . and I give my heart to know madness and folly . " m.c . you be not go to win play the dozen with Harry . herman you all ought to get along . hattie Harry , you know you remind I of so much that go wrong in my life . when I hear you be here , I make a special effort to come and see you . I see you be still a pile of wet chicken feather . herman oh Lord . harry my sister , woman can get away with so much . I do not have any enemy ' cause I do not live in the past . as pushkin , you do not know he , say , " in the hope of glory and good , I look without fear ahead . " m.c. Harry have get you number . hattie a empty wagon make a lot of noise and you , tappy head , you be not worth the salt you put in green . harry speak of tappy head , we ought to have a old fashion fish fry . herman I do not have too many fish fries leave . harry we can have it here next week . hattie be this you house ? harry oh. I be sorry . gideon , what do you say ? gideon well , it 's up to suzie . suzie it would be nice . hattie in the meantime Harry can slaughter we a hog . harry I already have , my dear . herman please , m.c. , take I home . int . live room - day the child of the woman in suzie 's natural birth group be huddle together singing " ashiine can chew " . the voice of the woman in the next room be audible . the kid go outside to sit on the porch . int . house , work room - day most of the woman have they newborn with they and be engage in talk about how they other child have to adjust and etc . a young white mother , rebecca wilson , with both she child , a four year old and one just a few month old , talk with a deep southern accent . wilson no one in my family ever be to a hospital to give birth . my sister have four child and all be bear at home . my mother and she mother , it just go on and on . ext . front yard - day a mother leave with she baby wrap in a blanket . the kid surround she , want to see the baby . int . gideone bedroom - day Pat be look at a book of baby name . Harry pass the door and stop . harry a woman in family way just remind of spring and my young day . PAT that 's nice . harry well , you and you husband be special . ya , gideon tell I you do volunteer work to help feed the poor . Pat beam with joy because Harry recognize the important work she be do . harry how many people do you all feed ? PAT last Saturday we hand out over two hundred meal . harry good God almighty , bless you bone . ( pause ) but the problem grow . PAT week by week the crowd at the door keep get larger . we can not feed all the hungry . harry of course not . have you ever hear of a man jump in the river to save five hundred drown people ? no you be not . ( pause ) you have to take just one and fatten he up . when you spread help too thin , you , you just nickel and dime the situation . if you try to save all , all die but if you save one life , life go on . you just have to remember , medicine that work leave a bitter taste . Harry look at the baby picture paste over the mirror . he take the picture of he child from he old black dusty wallet and compare the face of he kid with that on the mirror . he talk to himself more than to Pat . harry ( cont 'd ) you just take one ; you thaw out the cold and hunger in he bone from sleep on the bare ground . Pat watch he and lose herself in what he be do . she respond automatically PAT I do not know if we could take one in with Rhonda and I at home alone at time . harry oh , I be not point my finger at you . hey , you have to think of yourself . a lot of they have all kind of disease and will cut you throat while you sleep . there be too many bad people out there . ext . gideon be back porch - day junior be take the back door off to paint . Harry help he carry the door and lay it on a see horse . junior I appreciate you lend I a hand . that lazy ass brother of mine be suppose to help I . harry well some folk be still wait for they comeuppance . do not take I wrong but you can not judge people by how you act . you be a caring person . junior he should be caring . that be not too much to ask . harry ya , but you can not do the shuffle with one leg . you and you wife , in you spare time , work with the less fortunate . now I be not talk about you and what you do but some folk that always run to help the victim , deep down be attract to pain and suffer and love to be near the die . junior all the people work with we be really do it ' cause they hate to see suffer . harry you never know what 's in the heart and just because you can cry do not make you human . int . junior be house - night Rhonda be in the background wash dish . Pat and junior be sit at the dining room table , argue . junior we can not really bring another family in here with we . PAT why not ? Harry say that 's the only way to do good . junior when do you talk to Harry ? PAT do not shout ! ext . backyard - day gideon and sunny be in the garden digging for worm . the chicken gideon I think we have enough . so now tell I a story . ext . baldwin hill lake - late afternoon gideon be sit on a rock by the lake . his image be reflect in the lake . he be asleep . sunny be put new bait on one of the reel and with a whip of the pole , he cast to the center of the lake . he lean against a tree . sunny look at he sleep grandfather . gideon have he pant leg roll up . his sock have lose they elastic . his head be rest on he chest . sunny go near the water . gideon be careful of the water . sunny look back at he grandfather , who appear to be asleep . dissolve to : there be one fish in the bucket . dissolve to : ext . lake - sunset wide angle shot from high angle gideon and sunny be sit next to each other . the lake reflect the sky : a deep red . the eerie sound of a long train whistle break the silence . int . live room - morning Harry , Babe brother and Linda come in after stay out all night . Linda look as though she be about to fall asleep stand up . she awake and look at Harry . there be dislike in she stare . suzie and gideon notice Linda fade away . suzie be you feel well ? linda I have never be so tired in my life . where be sunny ? suzie he be get he thing together . Babe brother , you ought to take you wife home so she can get some rest . babe brother in a minute . sunny come in carry he night - clothes fold neatly . he stand next to Linda . Harry , in a mild but demand way , usher Babe brother out of the door . harry take you wife and child home , boy . Babe brother seem all too happy to obey Harry . after Harry close the door behind Babe brother , he turn with a wide smile . harry ( cont 'd ) I get a surprise for you tonight . Harry flop down on the couch and kick he shoe off . harry ( cont 'd ) this old buffalo have be in the sun too long . int . live room - night suzie and gideon be get the food ready while Harry , wear a shirt that look like it be make of shiny snakeskin , sit in a darken corner of the room , cut he fingernails with he knife . the door bell ring and Harry slowly walk over to answer the door . suzie put the punch bowl down and hurry over to meet the first guest , fred jenkins , a elderly black man whom she have not see in year , and esme Jenkins , he wife . suzie Fred Jenkins . jenkins suzie , you have not change and you , gideon , if you do not look like John Henry . oh , this be my wife , esme . my first wife lulie die . more people arrive , bottle - neck the doorway . gideon help the jenkinse to a chair . hattie come with she brother marsh , who be not too pleased to see Harry . okra tate , a elderly black man with dark circle under he eye , come in limping badly with a old Polaroid camera hang from he neck . Babe brother , Linda , junior , Pat and Rhonda , who be hold sunny 's hand , all come in together . m.c. drag herman through the door cough . flim anderson and he son doug be follow by the twin , william and loviray norwood , who be in they late 70' . Babe brother leave Linda stand by herself to be next to Harry . Zenia dent , a elderly white woman with a strong Southern accent , arrive with she husband , Howard dent , a black man , who be in a wheelchair . the twin and Howard be the center of attention . okra come over and whisper into Harry 's ear . okra leave through the front door . okra come back in with a bag . Harry , Babe brother , m.c. and herman follow okra to the kitchen . int . kitchen - night okra set the bag on the table and step back to allow Harry to unveil the bottle of corn liquor . babe brother what be that ? harry Boy , that be the real South . that be real corn liquor . a crowd start to gather around . flim what be in the bottle ? m.c . it be not geritol . m.c. start to hand out tea cup while Harry pour everyone a drink . herman there be a fight in every bottle . gideon you tappy head better not tear down my house . int . live room - night a attractive woman , in she young day a knockout , put on a record and start to pop she finger to the music as she move towards the center of the floor dance by herself , invite anyone bold enough to join she . a group of Men who have not see each other in year be ask question about news of old friend . okra be try to get he camera work . herman be follow m.c. through the crowd with he hand rest on m.c. 's shoulder as if he be a blind person . his rack cough be frightening . a older couple dance attract the attention of the crowd . the man be wear stacy Adams shoe polished to see one 's face in they . he give expression to he move as if he and the woman be talk with they body . junior and Pat try to bring in something more modern to outdo the older couple . herman corner hattie , try to get she to sing . hattie look , you better get out of my face before I slap the live daylight out of you . Harry stop the music . harry you folk excuse I but you know we have a celebrity from out of the past , we own nightingale . if you have any good time in you life , you remember hattie . she use to keep that juke joint steaming . if ma rainey and bessie Smith be the star , she be the sun . let 's get hattie to sing something from the old day . hattie have start she nervous twitch again . she be so mad that she bite she lip to keep from explode . hattie Harry always try to be the king fish . I tell he I be a new person . I be save . Harry signal a old man , percy , to start play he guitar . percy start to play but hattie do not join he . he look to Harry for a sign of what to do . hattie walk away . percy start to sing by himself but someone put a record on , interrupt he sing . people be back to dance . a younger woman be dance with a older man with such vigor , force the old man to try to keep up , that people grow concerned . people near he try to make he slow down but he pride force he to be ridiculous . int . bedroom - night Linda sit with sunny and Rhonda watch tv . int . front room - night the noise have get louder , everyone talk at the top of he voice . gideon be busy go around to everyone see if everything be okay . gideon and suzie have work up a sweat try to attend to everyone 's need . Linda rejoin the party . she move through the crowd and see Babe brother stand next to Harry . she be disappointed and stay at a distance . Harry be with a group of people . marsh try to get Harry 's attention . marsh Harry , you will not remember I but we go back quite a way . I be glad hattie tell I that you will be here ' cause there be a matter that have be troubling I all this year that maybe you can help I clear it up . Harry stare into marsh 's eye , then look he over from head to toe . harry man , I can not talk to you now . I be fill in the gap with this folk . Harry turn he back on marsh . marsh stand there look at Harry 's profile . he turn and walk away . the record end . the younger woman and the older man wait for the next record . younger woman how do you manage to keep in step and move around so like one of they young boy ? older man get yourself a pace - maker like I . Linda be stand by herself . she watch Babe brother and Harry walk towards the kitchen . Pat come to talk to she . PAT this old folk can dance better than I can . get rid of that long face . get one of this old fart to show you how to do the Black bottom . okra , hold he camera , all of the attachment in one hand and a glass in he other hand , try to offer hattie a drink . okra do not be so stand - offish . hattie push he away . the drink spill on he . she turn and walk away . he follow she . int . kitchen - night marsh sit in a chair opposite Harry . Babe brother stand behind Harry . Harry , know that marsh be go to bring up unpleasant thing of the past , feel the need to get rid of Babe brother . harry Son , you have not dance with you wife all night . Babe brother be reluctant to leave , but Harry give he a nudge . he go look for Linda . marsh there be something that I always want to know . tell I , how do that boy die ? harry now who be we talk about ? marsh miss Clara 's boy , emory , to start with . the Johnson 's hocker be another one ... harry be not hocker lynched ? marsh you know as well as I do that it be make to look like he be lynched . now who would hang someone from a persimmon tree ? harry what difference do it make if it 's persimmon , oak tree or huckleberry bush ? int . front room - night gideon , Babe brother , and Linda go outside . ext . front yard - night the sound of the party drift out from the house as gideon , Linda and Babe brother talk . gideon tell I , how come I and suzie have to be mother and father to you child ? you never take the boy to the park , circus or anything . if we do not take he to church , he would not have any sense of religion . linda I think force he to go to church when he really do not understand be not save he soul . when he get old enough to make up he own mind about religion , that will be better . it will be he intellectual decision . gideon be that the way you parent raise you ? babe brother why , you do not want we to bring he over ? gideon no , it 's that when do you have time to be parent to he ? you guy do not pick he up until nine , ten at night . you be into yourselves , as the say go . spend some time try to be parent . take he to the mountain , fishing . you ought to let he get to know nature . babe brother well , you be he grandfather . he be suppose to spend some time with you . you be suppose to show he that woodsy thing and this and that . gideon junior spend time with he child . babe brother oh here we go with that . int . front room - night okra be try to get enough light for he old Polaroid camera . m.c. take a shade off a lamp and hold it next to the twin , nearly blind they . william hurry up and take this picture . fred if it be not for the nra , color people would have be the lose tribe . flim remember what they use to call the nra ? negro raggedy - ass Army . m.c. be still hold the naked lamp while okra try to take picture . int kitchen - night marsh hocker 's death almost cause a race riot . a lot of innocent people could have be hurt behind that . harry strange as it may seem , it might have clear the water . sometimes the right action come from the wrong reason . ext . front yard - night gideon , Babe brother and Linda be just stand , face one another . suzie come out on the porch . suzie do you want you coat ? it 's cold out here . gideon no , I be too hot now . suzie you better be careful . you will get a stroke argue . gideon I would not care if I drop dead if he learn something from it . ( beat ) Son , you make I wish I be dead . suzie gideon , do not say thing like that . babe brother why do he always pick on I ? linda he be just be like all parent , concerned about the one they love . babe brother I do not need that kind of love . and I do not want to be remind all the time that Big mama 's grandmother be bear in slavery . if you really care about I , just tell I how I can make money . suzie Babe brother , I be go to take my hand and hit you across you mouth . linda he do not mean what he say . gideon let we go back in before the night of celebration become a night of I kill my son . suzie no . before anyone move , you two shake hand and do not carry it any further . Linda give Babe brother a jab with she elbow . his hand reach out to gideon . int . front room - night m.c. and herman put the unshade lamp next to hattie so okra can get a better picture . percy start to play he guitar . herman stand behind percy . hattie do not make I say something nasty now . percy start to play a old religious number and hattie start to sing . everything stop for a moment as she voice fill the room . then most of the guest pick up and join in . m.c. move the lamp next to percy so okra can take he picture . int . kitchen - night marsh and Harry be get quite loud in they argument . it have become a kind of control anger . harry I think if anybody have a hand in kill hocker , you ought to ask or you should have ask emory and chick . marsh chick be outright kill by a mob . he kill a white man that owed he some money and when they catch up with he , they tie he behind a car and drag he from out of the hill back to town . harry that boy never do have good luck . marsh you damn right they do not , especially emory , my cousin . harry emory have make a lot of enemy . he have a big mouth . m.c. and okra come in want to take picture . marsh be pretty mad about they intrude . m.c. set the naked lamp in front of marsh , on the floor , almost between he leg . before okra can get he camera set to shoot , marsh leave . Harry smile as if he have win a major victory . herman flop down in the empty chair and start to cough . suddenly suzie and gideon burst into the kitchen hold up one of the twin , loviray . they carry the twin towards herman 's seat . herman be slow to react . herman get up very slow . finally , they be able to seat the twin . harry ( cont 'd ) what 's the problem here ? suzie she have a fish bone catch in she throat . could all of you go in the other room ? gideon , get some bread and toast it quickly and find I the cod liver oil . the twin be hold she throat and panting like a fish out of water . she be in a lot of pain . William , the twin brother , be stand at the door with a tragic face . int . gideone bedroom - morning gideon be try to get out of bed . he sit on the side of the bed and start to cough . int . harry bedroom - morning Harry have he back to the camera , sit in a chair face a wall . he be naked from the waist up . a empty plate be place not too far from where he be sit . he be cut a apple . he lick the blade of he knife . int . babe brother' bedroom - morning Babe brother be asleep . Linda be dress to go to work . she throw he suit on the foot of the bed . linda be you go to work or sleep all day ? he snore louder . she open the window and pull back the cover . the cold air make he draw up . on walk out , Linda say in a rather hurt voice : linda remember , you promise to take sunny to Magic Mountain today . Babe brother slowly get up hold he chest as if he heart be bother he . int . gideone bedroom - morning gideon try to put he pants on . he be too weak and sit back on the bed with he pants only up as far as he knee . int . kitchen - morning suzie get up to turn off the coffee kettle . when the kettle whistle die away , the sound of gideon 's voice be hear call suzie for help . the sound of he voice frighten she . int . bedroom - day suzie burst into the room and then move very slowly to gideon , who be sit on the bed out of breath . gideon I be wear out . suzie just stay in bed and rest . gideon I have to feed the chicken before they wake everybody up . suzie you stay inside . I will see to they . gideon I will appreciate that . int . dine room - evening suzie and junior be sit at the dining room table . Harry , look like he have just get out of bed , drag himself in . harry how be everybody ? suzie tolerable well . junior how do you sleep last night ? there be obvious hostility in junior 's tone . Harry sense junior 's hostility and choose to ignore it . harry ah , you young folk do not know how it be . how be gideon today ? suzie he be not able to get out of bed today . harry I hope that it 's nothing serious . suzie he have never get rid of the malaria . he be usually up and at it the next day . I be go to make he fresh chicken broth . harry let I earn my keep . I will go out and get a hen and have it pick and ready for the pot . try to make he some cow tea next time . junior stare at Harry . Harry return junior 's stare and junior find himself embarrassed . junior look down at he pants leg and attempt to fix the crease in he pants by make a wedge with he finger and run he finger along the old crease . as Harry walk towards the back door , he look back at junior . ext . backyard - evening the pigeon take to the air like a explosion . the chicken start to cackle and run about as Harry reach for one with he cane . the SOUND of the boy next door practice with he trumpet add to the bedlam . suzie be stand on the step , shouting to Harry . the noise of the panicked chicken and the boy play the trumpet next door drow out suzie 's voice . not get Harry 's attention , she hurry down the step . Harry have catch a hen that be scream she head off . he look around and find suzie hurry towards he . suzie can you watch gideon for a while ? one of the girl be go into labor . junior be go to drive I over . harry you just run along . I will fix he he soup . he will be all right . int . room - night suzie and another woman who will be help she be asleep . suzie be in the chair and the woman be asleep on the floor . the woman who be in labor be read a magazine and seem somewhat bored . int . gideone bedroom - night Harry open the door and slowly walk in . gideon be asleep . Harry pick up gideon 's pants from the back of the chair . gideon 's false tooth fall to the floor . int . room - night there be a flurry of activity ; the woman be contracting . int . bedroom - morning the untouched chicken broth sit on the night stand . gideon be talking in he sleep . Morning light filter through the window shade . the room take on a brownish tint . gideon have dark ring under he eye and look like he have age considerably . int . harry bedroom - morning Harry be read the Bible . he run he finger over the print of the Bible . after read the passage , he stare at the empty plate on the floor for what seem like a long time . he clap the Bible shut , cause a loud noise to echo through the house . ext . front of house - morning suzie be walk slowly up the step . int . bedroom - morning suzie raise the window shade and be shocked to see the state that gideon be in . suzie oh my Lord ! int . bedroom - day the room be crowded with people . suzie be put gideon 's shirt on . Harry be lean against the door . after have put he shirt on , suzie put he house shoe on and direct Babe brother and junior to hold he up while she tuck he shirt in and put on he suspender . it take almost everyone to hoist gideon . Linda and Pat push the bed and night -stand out of the way as Babe brother and junior struggle to lift gideon . they almost stumble at the door . Harry be leave stand in the room alone . ext . backyard - day Harry , okra and herman be try to catch another chicken . herman be coughing badly and okra be out of breath . okra you think old gideon be go to live to see this month out ? harry when I come upon the valley of bone , the serpent say , " make this you home . dry as my soul be , heaven be lose to thee . " we all get to make way . Harry put the rooster face to the ground and draw a straight line . Harry let the rooster go , but the rooster stay motionless , unable to move . harry ( cont 'd ) a chicken hate to see the preacher come to dinner . herman hand Harry the ax . Harry be poise over the chicken with the ax , appreciate the moment . Harry raise the ax . the SOUND of rodney start to practice he trumpet bring the rooster out of the trance . before Harry can react , the rooster jump away . okra herman , you will have to catch the next one ' cause I be out of breath . herman if I have to chase after one , we will not eat . a sack drop over the fence . okra limp over to see what be in the bag . he use a stick to open the bag . he do not like what he see and throw the bag back over the fence . int . veteran' hospital , ward - day suzie , junior and Pat be stand around gideon 's bed . he be in a room full of old veteran who be apparently near the end . two old veteran , one white and the other black , sit opposite each other wear medal , sit in silence stare into each other 's eye . a nurse empty a old man 's urine bag . the old man do not show any embarrassment about he predicament . gideon look at how the patient be treat . gideon I do not want to stay here . ( beat ) where be Babe brother ? int . herman' one room house - day m.c. be sit on the bed , read the job section of the paper . herman be put vick vapo-rub in a bowl of boil water . he cover he head over the bowl with a towel . okra be sit at the table examine he gun . he point it at the floor , see if the sight be straight . Harry be sit at the table with Babe brother . Harry be show he how to cheat at card . harry never play with someone 's else 's card . you always get a new deck . look at this card . see anything ? babe brother it be just a regular card . harry Son , I can take everything you get with that deck . it be mark . now I be go to show you how to make some money in case you get stick somewhere . int . front room - night a moth fly around the light casting a shadow that float over everything . suzie turn out the kitchen light and then turn out the dining - room light . she go to she room and close the door , leave the room dark . a car headlight pass outside cast a move pattern that move along the wall . the light reveal Harry 's presence stand in the hall doorway . ext . house - day gideon be be help up the step by he son . int . front room - day suzie be hold the door open while gideon be carry in by junior and Babe brother . gideon be lead to a chair . he still look awful . babe brother do not he look a whole of lot better ? suzie well , you look better than you do yesterday . gideon next time , I do not care how sick I will be , do not take I back to the veteran 's Hospital . Harry come out of the bathroom , have just take a bath . Harry seem delighted to see gideon again . harry Boy , I think you be about to cross the river . gideon I tell you , I feel like a ghost . Harry signal Babe brother to come over to he . harry Son , would you do I a favor and see if you could turn off that tap in the bathroom . my hand be too weak . and would you do I another favor ? I do not like ask this but would you clean the tub for I ? I have trouble bend over . babe brother anytime you need someone to do something for you , just let I know . Harry flop down on the couch . suzie set a cup of coffee on the table for gideon . Harry look up from sharpen he knife on a hand sharpen stone . he spit on it . harry that smell like fresh coffee . suzie let I get you a cup ? harry only if you can spare it . junior stand over Harry 's shoulder look at he sharpen he knife . Harry feel uncomfortable with junior stand behind he . Harry look up at he . harry ( cont 'd ) Son , would you get I a old piece of newspaper ? suzie set a cup of coffee in front of Harry . harry ( cont 'd ) Lord if you be not a angel . junior hand Harry the newspaper . Harry put the paper under he foot and trim he toenail with it . Harry be aware of junior stand over he . harry ( cont 'd ) I will leave you something in my will . int . bathroom - day junior look in but Babe brother be too busy try to clean the bathtub to notice anyone . Babe brother complain to himself . babe brother what in the hell ... int . front room - day gideon and suzie be in silhouette against the window . the SOUND of the boy try to play he horn next door startles gideon . gideon turn to look out of the window towards Mrs. Baker 's house . gideon it 's good to be able to hear that . suzie you must have be really sick . gideon how be the garden do ? suzie I need to get out there and get that weed out . gideon how be that hen do ? I be meaning to pip she before I fall sick . he take a deep breath and blow it out . gideon ( cont 'd ) I be go to lie down . take my , hand and help I up , lest I fall . int . bedroom - day suzie help gideon to undress . gideon lose hit balance but catch himself on the side of the bed . gideon oh , I could not have last another day in that hospital . you get weary be in the old soldier home , old soldier and war storey . they wait to tell you they last story ; the next morning the nurse pull a sheet over they face . int . dine room , junior be house - night junior be put up a new light fixture . Pat hand he a tool . Rhonda be wash dish in the kitchen . PAT he just leech off you parent . he be a master at wear out welcome . junior Harry be the kind of guy you would love to take out in the wood and leave under a rock . PAT where do she get the power to summon all he old raffish friend ? they all smell of moth ball . junior slip on the ladder and the wire touch . there be a big spark . all the light in the house go out . int . babe brother' kitchen - night Linda be stand over the stove , sweat as she stir a hot pot of boil soup . Babe brother and Harry be seat at the table play card . sunny be on the floor near he mother . every time she move , he follow she . Harry notice sunny have he shoe on the wrong foot and add in a sarcastic way : harry how old be that boy ? Babe brother look at sunny 's shoe . babe brother Linda , how come you do not see that sunny put he shoe on right ? linda why in the h ... Close to tear , she turn and with exaggerated care , put the spoon down and gently put sunny in a chair . she start to untie he shoe . sunny stare at she while she keep wiping she eye . harry let 's give dry Bones a call to see if he be come or not . okra like to exaggerate , keep you wait all night . Harry slowly get to he foot and go in the other room to use the phone . Linda watch he go . she be deep in think . Babe brother , attempt to cut the roast before it be ready , be push aside by Linda , who be almost out of control with rage . linda why do not you wait ? Babe brother , attempt to forcibly cut a piece of roast , sling Linda 's arm away . his hand accidentally hit she in the eye . Linda grab the fork , poise to strike , but gain control of herself she look like a person who be on the verge of have a breakdown . she go back to put the shoe on sunny . Babe brother , feel sorry , do not know what to do . he automatically pick up the fork and wash it off . Linda pick up sunny . int . dine room - babe brother' house - night Linda be stand at the door , with a red eye , welcoming Harry 's friend , which seem to be a long line of sickly people . dissolve to : int . dine room - night Linda be busy serve everyone , run in and out of the kitchen bring more thing , and remove use plate , etc . Linda 's eye be swollen and discolor . the guest look at Linda 's eye and then cast a naughty - boy glance at Babe brother . Linda stop serve to pay attention to a elderly man , who deliberately bend one of she spoon . she catch another man put a fork in he pocket and a elderly lady put a cigarette out in one of she plate . as she be about to confront the man about pockete she spoon , a peal of laughter force she to turn around only to witness a lady knock over a glass fill with a green drink with she elbow . the stain spread across the table cloth in a even manner like a single wave . she watch it move from one end of the table to the other . Harry be seat in the middle . the composition hint at the last Supper . int . bedroom - night Linda be read a book to sunny , who have he coffee can of marble emptied on the bed . the noise from the party in the next room be clearly hear . every time she hear something crashing to the floor , she wrench . Babe brother come in and stand in the doorway . Linda 's eye be still swollen . babe brother you okay ? linda I be okay . go back to you friend . Babe brother close the door and leave Linda read storey of brer rabbit to sunny . she stop read to look at he play marble on the bed . she smile . ext . gideon be house - day five weighty woman , dress in church robe , and the preacher walk up gideon 's step . suzie invite the church member in . preacher sister , we have come to see how you be do . we come to ask if we could pray over gideon . int . gideone bedroom - day gideon be asleep . the church member gather around he bed . the preacher put he hand on the foot of the bed and discover that there be something strange under the cover . suzie look at he and lift the cover at the foot of the bed . gideon 's foot be rest on dead leave . suzie I put some plummer Christian leave under he foot to draw the fever out . preacher what else have you be give he ? suzie I cross he stomach with cold oil and give he some cow tea . preacher suzie , I would think you would depend on prayer rather than this old fashion remedy . let we read from the Bible . the preacher open he Bible and read silently . the choir hum and begin to sway . gideon 's snoring be very competitive . the choir become louder . gideon start to talk in he sleep . suzie be alarmed . close up gideon be ear . the SOUND of a train whistle be heard . dissolve to : int . photo studio , 1930 - day ( dream efx ) a lady step upon the stage which have different backdrop . she be the same lady in a photo that gideon have hang in one of the kid 's room . the photographer , who be off -screen , ask about the background . photographer ( o.s. ) what scene would you like in the background ? lady something pleasant . photographer ( o.s. ) we have plantation . the woman shake she head . photographer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) natchez , cotton field , harlem , sunflower , the Mississippi River . lady put the river behind I . a large picture of the Mississippi appear behind the lady . it change from a paint backdrop to a move picture . there be a storm develop off in the distance . the SOUND of thunder be hear . the picture in the background then change to a boy on a mule . ext . wet dirt road - day ( raining ) ( dream efx ) the boy on the gray mule do not have a shirt on . a light mist like rain cover he . gideon walk along the picket fence towards the boy on the mule . ahead of gideon seem to be a puddle but as he approach , he discover that it be a abyss . the boy and the mule on the other side fade away . everything fade to black . int . gideone bedroom - day the preacher turn a page in the Bible . gideon have he mouth open like a fish try to get air . the choir continue to sing . the preacher get down on he knee and hold gideon 's hand ; he bow he head . the choir stop sing . the bessie Smith recording of " muddy Water " be come from somewhere in the house . the preacher look around . suzie be more puzzle . she go to find where the music be come from . int . harry bedroom - day suzie knock on the door . no one answer . she peep in . no one be in the room . int . gideone bedroom the preacher and the choir all have they hand on gideon . suzie enter the room . suzie I do not know where that music be come from . int . junior be house - day junior and Pat be help Linda carry she baggage inside as sunny reluctantly follow . it be obvious that Linda have leave Babe brother . sunny I want my daddy . junior Boy , hush that noise and get in this house . make haste . sunny I want my daddy ; I tell you . junior Rhonda , drag he in here . if you be nice , I will take you to disneyland . Pat , Linda and junior put the suitcase down . PAT now you do not have to say anything if you do not want to . junior I want to hear what happen . my brother be a jackass and a damn fool . the both of you have be as scarce as hen 's tooth . Linda look down , embarrassed . PAT Rhonda , take sunny in the backyard . take a bowl so you can pick some strawberry . sunny will enjoy it . Rhonda and sunny leave . Pat turn on junior about talk bad about Babe brother and Linda in front of sunny . PAT you should not talk about the boy 's father in front of he . this be family business and we have to pull together . junior whether the boy hear it or not , the man be still a jackass . everyone should have some mother wit . linda something just take control of he . he stay out all night and come home with a pocket full of money . PAT it 's probably Harry , but I hate to mention he name , because every time we say something about he something bad happen . ext . backyard - day Rhonda and sunny be look under a strawberry plant . sunny have strawberry stain around he mouth and on he shirt . Rhonda be put she strawberry in the bowl . after get a bowl full , they lay on the grass , eat strawberry while look up at the cloud slowly drift by . ext . country road - day Babe brother be drive along a country road while Harry , sit in the front seat next to he , yawn . Harry be tired . harry let we walk awhile . I grow weary when I sit still too long . Babe brother 's car stop in a orchard - like area . ext . orchard - day Babe brother and Harry get out of the car . they walk on a path that take they under low hang tree limb . it get darker as they go deeper into the orchard . Babe brother find the go rough and lose he foot . harry give I you arm lest you fall . Harry have to help he stay on he foot . Babe brother find it necessary to take Harry 's arm . Babe brother stop and Harry walk a few more step ahead and wait for Babe brother . just ahead sit on a branch be a huge white owl camouflage by tree branch . babe brother I could swear I hear my son call I . harry you probably hear the wind stir up that dead leave over there . babe brother I hear he voice as clear as day . I better get back . maybe something be wrong . Babe brother turn and start hurry back before Harry can object . he walk slowly after Babe brother who be double the distance between himself and Harry as he run through the orchard to he car . Harry stop and look around . int . front room - day Pat , Linda and junior be seat at the table . the suitcase be in the middle of the floor . linda I tell Babe brother that if Harry set foot in we house again , I be take sunny and leave . just as I say that , here come Harry and he old resurrected friend , hobbling up the step . junior be that how you get that black eye ? PAT do not ask that . linda no , this be a accident . junior sure . linda it be unintentional . junior Babe brother remind I of the story of the man who want to be sizable . he want to be tall but what he be really short on be brain . there be a time when people have moon fever be treat with leech . the phone ring and junior go to pick it up . Linda 's and Pat 's attention be focus on the phone . junior hand the phone to Linda . junior ( cont 'd ) it 's that nut of yours . Linda hesitates but Pat take the phone from junior and put it in she hand . linda what do you want ? ( beat ) no. nothing happen to he . sunny and Rhonda enter . Linda turn to look . sunny 's hand and face look bloody from eat strawberry . she put the phone down and examine he dirty face . Pat bring Linda a wet towel . int . the baker ' garage - night mr . baker , a well build black man in he late 40' , be make a new fishing pole . he be very involved . Mrs. Baker be stand beside he with she arm fold . she stare at he . Mr. Baker glance at she . mr. baker what be you do ? mrs . baker count the gray hair in you head . mr. baker count the what ? what do that have to do with the price of butter ? mrs . baker I be just try to make conversation . mr. baker where be skip ? mrs . baker he be in he pigeon cage . mr. baker I be sorry he get that bird . mrs . baker you know the man next door be near death . Mr. Baker do not answer . he pause for a moment of think . Mrs. Baker see that she be not go to get a response from she husband . she pick up a eyelet and Mr. Baker look at she as if to say , keep you hand off . she get the message and lay the eyelet back on the work bench . mrs . baker ( cont 'd ) he must have get rid of that chicken . you do not hear they crow anymore ... I kind of miss it now . Mr. Baker admire he pole . he look very closely at the detail of he work . rodney come in , polish he horn . Mr. Baker 's expression change as he watch rodney out of the corner of he eye . Mrs. Baker give rodney a motherly pat on the head . rodney put the trumpet to he mouth . mr. baker do not blow that thing in here . you blow that thing when I be at work . ext . STREET - day there be a man lie on a bus bench with he belonging . a spot dog be stand guard next to the bench . the dog 's reflection be catch in a puddle of water . the dog have circle and six paint over he body . Old John tap on the bench with he pipe . the man lie on the bench stir and give Old John a wave to indicate that he be alright . Old John slowly get he cart move again . ext . junior be house - day Babe brother drive around the block past junior 's house . int . junior be house - day junior be at the window , look out . junior why do not he just park he car and come in and apologize ? ext . junior be house - day Babe brother sit in he car with the window up . junior try to talk to he but Babe brother will not roll down the window . he just stare at junior , who be get angry . junior Roll down the window and let I talk to you . Babe brother only stare at he . junior get more violent and start to shake the car . Pat call from the doorway . PAT stop it junior ! int . pregnant woman' room - day a woman be in a squatting position . suzie and she aide be hold the woman by the arm . ext . junior be house - day Rhonda be painting she fingernails . sunny watch she . she look around to see if any adult be watch . she try to talk sunny into let she paint he nail . he refuse but she try to pull he hand towards she . he fight he way free and stand up and kick the bottle of nail polish over . rhonda mama , come see what sunny do . int . gideone bedroom - night suzie be sit in a chair ; she head be bent forward . gideon be talking in he sleep . she awake and nod off again . Harry stick he head in . harry how be he do ? suzie as long as he keep he throat clear , he be able to get some rest . harry I make a fresh pot of coffee . okra and I think you need a rest . I will stand guard . okra want to talk to you anyway . Harry help suzie to she foot . int . kitchen - night okra be painfully stand on he bad foot . he be in he security - guard uniform , hold a bouquet of green . as suzie come in , okra try to stand upright at attention . okra I bring you this green and some salt meat . suzie that be very thoughtful of you . I have not have time to tend to my garden like I should . suzie take the green and put they on the counter . she squeeze okra 's hand as a thank you . she pour he a cup of coffee . okra ease down into the chair . he cross he leg and start massage he foot . suzie get herself a cup of coffee and sit opposite he . she stretch and try to hold back a yawn . okra look at she in a slightly desirous way . okra you know gideon and I be lodge brother and it have always be a policy to take care of the wife if something happen to we brother . suzie you be very sweet , but gideon have already take care of everything in case something happen to he . he have a policy . okra if you become a widow , you will need someone around to fix the whatnot . we like for the widow to marry someone in the lodge . I know gideon be not go yet , but there will be a lot of he old friend come around to get in line . I just want you to consider this as a kind of a conditional proposal , to be first in line so to speak . suzie keep herself under control ; she try to find word to say . she stand up . suzie Excuse I . I have to go feed my dog . she turn the fire out from under the coffee pot and exit the back door . okra unty he shoe and begin to massage he foot . int . bedroom / ext . yard - night Harry be sit by the bed , just visible through the window . he seem restless . ext . gideone backyard - day there be only one hen leave in the coop . the garden be full of weed . the sunflower be bent by the force of the wind . a bag be throw over the fence . the shadow of pigeon fly overhead race along the ground . dissolve to : int . kitchen - day two shadow on the wall be face each other . the shadow be the head of two woman , suzie and hattie . hattie you know Harry lie about how that boy hocker get kilt . and it be Harry who see emory last before they find he hang over a levee like someone would hang a hog . suzie I remember Harry always try to help someone . he get lulla 's daughter out of trouble . he be always run to the store for someone who could not leave the house . hattie Harry always show he good side and , like the moon , the other side be black . back home he always do try to act like the color gentleman . I be tell you Harry be nothing but evil . I be warning you -- you can not keep a wild animal as a pet around child . int . harry room - day Harry have a plate of food in he hand . he stand face himself in the mirror , stare at himself while he eat . he open the door to leave but sunny be in the hallway with he back turn sweeping . Harry stare at he and decide to go back in he room . int . kitchen - day suzie you know okra ask I to marry he the other evening . hattie rush you mouth , girl . no , he do not . he can not be that big of a damn fool . suzie I ask Harry about it . he do not own up to it . he say he do not know what get into okra . hattie he 's just raffish . Harry put he up to it . before evening sun set , I would have he belonging back on Route 55 , that old fox . suzie I can not accuse he just dry long 80 . hattie everybody who have be associate with Harry end up with penny over they eye . suzie what must I do ? hattie if it be leave up to I , I would poison he . int . hallway - day Harry see that it be safe to leave . he see sunny sweeping in gideon 's room . gideon be sound asleep . sunny be sweeping around the bed . int . kitchen - day Harry come in and hattie and suzie stop talk . Harry be aware that he be the subject . the SOUND of the boy next door play he horn be hear . harry good afternoon , lady . suzie good afternoon to you . Harry wait for hattie to respond but it be obvious that hattie be not about to speak to he . hattie I be go to check on gideon . Harry move out of she way to let she go by . hattie do not even give he a glance . Harry continue to look at she as she disappear into gideon 's room . harry as God be my witness , I have never do anything to that woman . suzie you must have do something to she . harry since she have repent , all she do be throw stone . suzie hattie be a different person now . harry I do not make no bone about where I be go to spend eternity . I have always be wild and you know that . if you be make to feel half a man , what do you think the other half be ? suzie I be glad you bring that up as to who you be . I have to know who be in my house . harry you invite I . suzie only if you be a good man , a friend . be you a friend ? Harry take he time in look for a answer . harry like that boy next door play that he horn . if he be a friend , he would stop irritate people , but if he stop practice , he would not be perfect in what he do someday . int . harry bedroom - day hattie enter Harry 's room . she go through he thing . she read one of he letter . as she walk over to the window read he letter , she step on the plate , crack it . int . kitchen - day suzie I want you to leave . Harry look sad and suddenly a lot older as if what she say have take away some of he life . harry okra , m.c. and herman want to go back home with I . ( beat ) suzie , I be not a bad fellow ; I just like to have a good time . ( beat ) m.c. be come by to pick I up tonight . I will come back to get my thing . well , I hope gideon recover . you know I have a extra picture of one of my son that I would like for you to put with that baby picture over you dresser . it 's better than be in my dusty wallet with address and name of people who be no longer on this earth . suzie take the picture . she seem as if she have doubt about have ask Harry to leave . harry ( cont 'd ) I will say my so-long to gideon before I leave and I truly wish that he will get well . suzie continue to look at the picture . int . harry bedroom - day hattie be read Harry 's letter when he appear behind she . hattie turn but be not surprised or concerned about Harry . she hand he back he letter , look at he for a moment and go . Harry look down at the crack dish . int . herman' house - evening ( rain ) m.c. and herman be pack . okra be all dress up with a pair of stacy Adams shoe that make he foot look exaggeratedly long . Babe brother and Harry be sit at a table play blackjack . okra pick up one thing at a time , make the pack much harder . there be a stack of old dusty 78 record ; okra , try to step over the record , kick over a box of mothball that roll across the floor . okra have to step over box of toilet paper . okra why do you buy so much toilet paper ? m.c . I get that on the job when I be a janitor . they do not pay I . Harry pick up a old cigar box that fall open . dice , shotgun shell , some spend .38 slug and a old rusty knife , a crab apple switch , land on the floor . Harry pick up the knife . harry whose old piece of knife be this ? herman that be my brother 's knife . Harry give the knife to Babe brother and signal he to put it in he pocket . the SOUND of the thunder have a unreal violence to it . harry I do not want to wear out welcome , but you can stay in someone 's heart longer than you can stay in they house . come with we , boy . we be go to have a good time . babe brother this would be a bad time for I to leave . harry we be go where the action be . ai not that right , okra ? ( then back to Babe brother ) let 's play for a couple of buck unless you want to start off with two bit and work we way up . ( beat ) what would you give to be rich ? Babe brother hump he shoulder . Babe brother look at he hand . babe brother have mom and pop give I my share of what be mine , I could have be rich by now . Linda and I have it all work out . Harry win the first hand . harry I know you mind be on you wife but you should never treat a woman as a equal . you want to get you wife back , get another woman , one of that big hip woman that will ride you till you sweat . Harry win another hand . m.c. and okra be still pack while herman be eat argo starch . harry ( cont 'd ) double the stake ? Babe brother agree but he thought be obviously somewhere else . Harry study he hand and look at Babe brother ; he put down he hand . Babe brother win and be quite pleased . the next series of hand be win by Babe brother . harry ( cont 'd ) m.c. , you ever hear of a real man have one woman ? m.c . no , lord ! harry when one woman put you out , you have another to take you in . you do not drive around without a spare tire , do you ? the more mule you have hitched , the easier it be to plough . Harry lose another hand and Babe brother suddenly have a pile of money . harry herman , let I borrow a few buck . herman stand over he with a roll of bill and peel off several . harry ( cont 'd ) bless you . bless you . herman be stand behind Babe brother , singing to himself . herman in the ground there be a hole and green grass grow around the hole . now in the hole there be tree and green grass grow all around the tree . now there be a hole in the ground , a tree in the hole and green grass grow around the hole . harry let I share something with you . Harry stop and think for a while . harry ( cont 'd ) hattie be a snake . that woman break up so many home and cause a lot of misery and because she call herself get religion everything be put right . okra be take several shotgun out of the closet . okra this damn thing be unload , be not they ? harry it 's important to know the difference between the income fire and the outgo fire . as amo and Andy might say , " we be the outgo fire . " come with we , son . we will show you some steaming hot juke joint , steaming hot woman . m.c . a pot full of chitlin and a good time . babe brother let I go by the house first . harry we will wait for you as long as we can . I get to get my thing from you mother 's house . Babe brother hurry out . m.c. , herman and okra flop down in chair and on the bed and look at they watch . Harry sit at the table tapping out a rhythm on the table and whistling very softly to himself . suddenly Harry see that Babe brother leave the pile of money on the table . a look of concern come over he face . ext . gideon be house - night ( rain ) it be raining hard . Babe brother get out of the car . running to get out of the rain , he slip and fall ; he try to get up but slip and fall again . he get up and walk slowly up the step as if he do not care whether he get wet or not . int . front room - night ( rain ) suzie help he to take he wet coat off . she go into the kitchen , put he coat in front of the stove . the knife fall out . she pick it up and look at it like she would throw it away but Babe brother take it . babe brother I need to get my suitcase out of the garage . suzie what for ? babe brother I be go back home with Harry . suzie I have hear some foolish thing in my life . babe brother Harry be come to pick I up . suzie have you lose you mind ? have you think about you wife and child , not to mention you sick father ? and I need you help to move he bed from under the leak in the ceiling . babe brother I be busy . suzie do not make I raise my hand to you . you have to see for yourself that you be go in the wrong direction . babe brother can not I be myself without you jump in with you right and wrong ? the world be not black and white . show I one perfect person . if you can not , do not ask I to be . suzie I do have a right to ask you to be a little bit better than I and you father because we give you a better head start . you have no right to complain to we about you not have enough . ( forcefully ) you sit right there with you no manners self . ext . house - night ( rain ) junior be carry a roll of roofing paper . Pat , Rhonda , Linda and sunny run to the porch to get out of the rain . junior stack the roofing paper in the corner of the porch and stamp the mud off he shoe . int . bedroom - night ( rain ) junior , Pat , Linda and Rhonda come in to help suzie move the bed from under the rain drip through the hole in the ceiling . int . kitchen - night ( rain ) sunny stand in the doorway watch he father sharpen he knife that he get from Harry . Babe brother be unaware that he son be watch he . int . bedroom - night ( rain ) junior where be Babe brother ? suzie brother be in the kitchen . junior how come you do not ask Babe brother to help you ? suzie he say he be busy . he be mad ' cause he want to get in the garage to get he thing so he could go with Harry . Linda have a surprised look on she face . junior so he be busy ? int . kitchen - night ( rain ) Babe brother be preoccupy sharpen he knife with a sharpen stone . he be almost in a trance . junior come in rather angrily . sunny go and sit in the shadow in the dining room . junior why in the hell do not you help mama ? babe brother I tell she I would if she would give I time . junior I bet you if you master would have tell you to fix the hole in the roof , you would have rebuilt the whole damn house . babe brother you always get the best of it around here and when dad always talk about my son , it be always you , so you fix the roof . junior that be a damn lie and you know it . every time father ask you to do something , you either half - ass do it or run off and hide . mama ask you to turn the dirt in she garden and you tell she , with you smart ass self , that you be not a farmer ; get junior to do it . every time someone ask you to do something , you always say , tell junior to do it . Boy , you ought to grow up . babe brother I tell you about call I boy . I be not no boy . see , you and dad get a bad habit of call I boy . you call I boy in front of my wife . you think I be go to fix the roof ? I hope the wind blow the whole damn thing off and it pour down rain . junior I ought to break you damn neck . int . dine room - night ( rain ) sunny be sit in a chair listen to he father and uncle argue in the kitchen . a car outside pass and the light from the car form a crochet - like move pattern on the wall behind he . sunny be only light for a moment . int . kitchen - night ( rain ) Babe brother start gather up he thing to leave . babe brother I be leave and do not even call I when the shoe fall ' cause all he do for I be to try and run my life . I be tired of people say Babe brother this , Babe brother that . what 's my name ? junior you dumb ass , it 's Babe brother . babe brother my name be Sam . Samuel . Babe brother attempt to get up but junior push he down . junior sit down ! Babe brother hit junior on the jaw , drive he backwards , cause the overhead lamp to sway violently . int . bedroom - night ( rain ) suzie , Pat and Linda hear the noise come from the kitchen and rush to see what be go on . int . kitchen - rainy night Babe brother and junior be both reach for the knife . junior be on top of Babe brother , who be stretch out on the table try to reach the knife . junior grab the knife first and Babe brother flip over to defend himself . Babe brother grab junior 's wrist as junior try to push the knife against he throat . suzie come in and grab part of the knife with she hand and junior 's wrist with she other hand . Pat and Linda try to pull the two man apart while plead with junior . blood drip from suzie 's hand to the table , form a pool under Babe brother 's head . PAT stop it ! stop it ! look what you be do ! Babe brother 's eye be roll to the back . junior 's eye be huge ; he have a animal look on he face . the SOUND of struggle people breathe heavily be amplify . the pool of blood on the table grow larger . junior slowly become aware of the blood and he body relax . he calmly release the knife . junior take he mother 's hand . junior someone get some lard out of the ice box . Pat attempt to get the lard but pain in she stomach force she to sit down . Linda get the lard out and hand it to junior . Babe brother raise himself . the blood from suzie 's drip from he head . Rhonda be try to hold sunny back . junior hold he mother 's hand under the faucet . it be a deep cut . the bleed will not stop . Pat be sit at the blood-stain table unable to move . she be panting , sweat , and hold she stomach . Linda be catch between try to help suzie and attend to Pat . Babe brother help to make a wad of cloth to press in she hand to stop the bleed . linda you be go to need some stitches . we better take she to the emergency hospital . Babe brother be shamefully calm now and very humble . babe brother I will drive she to the hospital . junior we will take she . you all stay here and watch dad . linda what about Pat ? PAT I be okay now . suzie attempt to go see gideon but Babe brother and junior turn she to the door . go through the kitchen door , junior intentionally turn he back to Babe brother . Babe brother stare at junior 's back as he walk ahead . int . hospital , emergency reception room - night ( rain ) the automatic door open and junior , Babe brother and suzie enter . there be a long line of people wait at the registration window as well as group of people fill out form . other patient be seat and wait patiently to see the doctor . suzie finally get to the registration window . a nurse , white , 25 , with extremely long fingernails that curve back around , be surprisingly sympathetic . nurse what sort of emergency be you here for ? suzie I cut my hand . nurse let I take a look at it . suzie put she hand through the window . the nurse stand up to get a better look . the nurse take the wad out of she hand . the bleed have stop . the nurse take a deep breath . the nurse glance up to notice the blood stain on the back of Babe brother head . nurse ( cont 'd ) be you all together ? junior yes . nurse the bleed have stop but it will need stitches . you will have to fill out this form . how will this be cover , insurance , cash or check ? junior do not worry about it . it will be pay . just let she see a doctor . suzie I have medicare . the nurse hand suzie a form , but Babe brother take the form . the nurse look again at Babe brother 's head . nurse do you need to see the doctor too ? babe brother no , just my mother . Babe brother fill out the form with suzie 's help and hand the form back to the nurse . they find a seat all together . dissolve : int . hospital , emergency reception room - night ( rain ) the room slowly fill with people and Babe brother and junior offer they seat to that there for medical care . dissolve : int . hospital , emergency reception room - night ( rain ) two Police officer bring in a man handcuff to a bed . the woman officer carry a shotgun . the male police officer carry a clip board . the prisoner be obviously in no condition to escape or cause trouble . they be allow to go directly to the emergency room without wait . dissolve : int . hospital , emergency reception room - night ( rain ) more injure people come but in spite of they condition they be tell that they have to wait . there be only stand room . junior and Babe brother be stand next to the wall . on the other side of the room , suzie be look quietly at they as if she be in deep think . junior walk over to the reception desk . junior why be it so crowded ? nurse well , it be Friday night and a full moon . junior whisper to Babe brother . they both start to laugh . suzie look up and find they in a fit of laughter . a faint smile appear on she face . int . gideone bedroom - night ( rain ) gideon be slowly get up . he look around . he call for suzie . he slowly get to he foot . gideon suzie , I be hungry . int . front room - night ( rain ) he walk by Linda , Pat , Rhonda , and sunny , who be sleep in chair , on the floor and on the sofa . gideon suzie . int . kitchen - night ( rain ) gideon open the refrigerator and start take out bowl of food and place they on the table . he put on a pot of coffee . gideon suzie . int . kitchen - night ( rain ) ( later ) gideon be busy eat almost everything in sight . a group of mystify and sleepy face appear at the door . Pat , Linda , Rhonda and sunny be all look rather dumbfounded . ext . backyard - morning everything be wet from the night 's rain . the garden look more like a graveyard . moisture drip from the sunflower . gideon 's nervous look rooster jump the fence and start to crow . skip be out early throw rock at he bird . the rock land on gideon 's roof . ext . house - morning Babe brother and junior help suzie out of the car . she have she leave hand bandage . they be extremely exhaust . they walk up the porch to find Harry hold the door open . harry I can not believe what I hear take place . int . front room - day on see suzie , sunny jump up , knock the can of marble over the kitchen floor . he run to give suzie a hug . sunny want to touch she bandage hand , but Linda stop he . suzie how be gideon do ? rhonda he be asleep now , but he be up all night eat . as suzie go to gideon 's room , she come face to face with Harry . she do not say anything . harry I come to pick up my thing . int . gideone bedroom - day gideon be snoring loudly . on the night -stand be a plate with food leave on it . suzie feel he forehead . int . front room - day Harry sadly get up . he look at Babe brother . Linda step in front of Babe brother . linda you ought to go see how you father be do and then wash that blood off you and change shirt . Babe brother be surround by Linda and sunny who have he eye fix on Harry . they move as one head for the bedroom . Harry seem a lot older . he sadly walk towards the kitchen with he coffee cup . low angle shot : Harry be slowly walk towards the marble that be scattered over the kitchen floor . int . bedroom - day Pat , Linda , junior , Rhonda , Babe brother , sunny and suzie be all stand around wait for gideon to wake up . suzie gideon . gideon 's only response be to snore louder . PAT how long be Harry go to hang around ? Babe brother be in a corner all by himself . he look down when Pat ask the question about Harry . a loud crashing SOUND come from the kitchen . int . kitchen - day Harry be try to raise himself from the floor . he pause for a moment and then collapse . Harry be in a lot of pain . Harry 's body contort and then remain still . Babe brother , junior , Pat , and Linda , suzie run in . suzie try to see if he be alive . Babe brother try to give he mouth to mouth resuscitation but Linda pull he away . junior try to push down on Harry 's chest . Babe brother stare down at Harry and then go slowly back into the live room . Pat be on the phone dial the paramedics . everyone stand around Harry . int . kitchen - day two paramedics work on Harry . one of the paramedics be a young asian . the other be white with red hair . they listen for a heart beat and shake they head in a negative manner . they pack up they medical case . the asian 's accent be very difficult to understand . white paramedic there be nothing we can do for he . the paramedics start to leave without the body . junior well , be not you go to take he with you ? asian paramedic if he have die in we care , we would be require to take he . since we find he dead , you will have to wait for the county to pick he up . junior how long will that take ? white paramedic that would depend on how busy it be . I be sorry . dissolve : int . kitchen - day Harry be stretch out on the floor . a blanket cover everything except he shoe . int . front room - day hattie , marsh , okra , herman , and m.c. all come in . marsh look cheerful . marsh what happen ? junior he slip on some marble that be on the floor . then he heart give out . linda ( to sunny ) I tell you to always put that marble up and not to leave they just anywhere . PAT the poor thing be not to blame . Rhonda , take sunny for a walk . marsh hand Rhonda several dollar . marsh here , go around to the store and buy what you want . hattie would anybody object if I take a look at he ? herman I do not think Harry would like it . hattie go over and pull the blanket back . okra , m.c. and herman hurry over to take a quick glance . they huddle behind hattie , peeping over she shoulder . hattie I never notice how big he eye be . dissolve : int . bathroom - evening Linda be help Babe brother wash suzie 's blood out of he hair . she dry he hair with a towel . sonny hand Babe brother a clean shirt , gideon 's shirt . he put it on . int . bedroom - night gideon be sit on the edge of he bed look through the scrap of leftover on he plate . he put he pants on . as he move about , he joint SNAP and pop . he pick up the empty plate . int . front room - night Babe brother be on the phone with the county morgue . he get into a argument with the people on the other end of the phone . babe brother mister ... mister ... Excuse I for cut you off but we pay tax too . we should not have to pay you to take a 24 - hour lunch break . Babe brother hand the phone to Linda . babe brother ( cont 'd ) the coroner say that he be out here , and knock on the door and no one be here . junior step over the body , hold a pot of coffee in he hand . the preacher be sit with suzie talk in a low voice . Pat , Rhonda and sunny come in with box of chicken snack . Linda hang up the phone . linda he do not know when he will be out this way again . somebody downtown be go to hear about this . m.c . they just do that in the color neighborhood . if he have be white , they would have he on he foot and out of here . PAT I get white meat and I get dark meat . I know it sound cruel but we have to eat . gideon come in walk very slowly , hold he plate out . everyone be shocked . gideon be completely unaware of the period that he have be sick . gideon what , be you have another party ? suzie you better come sit down . you be still sick . gideon gal , you be talk to John Henry . when be I sick ? junior you have be out for almost three week . the preacher give he a pat on the back and shake gideon 's hand . preacher we have long conversation with the Lord about you . do not we , sister suzie ? I say we need he down here , Lord . gideon smile in appreciation . he push he plate out to Pat , indicate that he want it fill with chicken . gideon be about to bite into the chicken when he notice Harry 's foot stick out . he point with the chicken in he hand . he have a mystify look on he face . okra that 's we friend Harry . gideon not we Harry ? okra I wish it be not . gideon seem to weaken for a moment . gideon what happen to he ? hattie he drop dead . herman hattie , you can be so mean . gideon how long have he be dead ? suzie since this morning . gideon what happen to you hand ? suzie I cut it on a old rusty knife . gideon be deeply concerned . gideon what do you put on it ? suzie it 's heal now . gideon look over at he two son as if to ask they about it . gideon I hope you will take care of you mother better than that when I be go . junior and Babe brother both have they head down . Linda and sunny move closer to Babe brother . gideon ( cont 'd ) Babe brother , be that my shirt that you be wear ? babe brother yes . gideon how come you be not wear my shoe ? babe brother they be too big . gideon stare at Babe brother and then look around towards Harry . gideon when be the undertaker come ? linda they can not say . I will try call they again . hattie move closer to herman and speak so only he can hear . hattie why do not m.c. and you drag he to you house ? herman move away with a look of disdain . marsh Harry do not have any relative live , do he ? m.c. Harry be in the world by himself . marsh somebody have to take responsibility for he . PAT why do not you look through he thing to see if you can find a number ? okra , marsh , hattie , herman , and m.c. go to Harry 's room , leave suzie and gideon sit opposite each other with the door to the kitchen separate they . junior , the preacher and Pat be eat chicken . Linda be on the phone try to get through to the morgue . linda how do you like that ? they hang up in my face . I will fix they . I will show they just how mean I can get . she rapidly dial the number . there be a busy signal . linda ( cont 'd ) this have be a nightmare . int . bedroom - right m.c. and marsh be go through Harry 's box . they take out old blue record , book , a big Bible , and book on dunbar . marsh this be letter to he son . hattie read the letter in a corner by herself . she stop read for a moment . hattie I still do not know if I be right about Harry . she seem frustrated with herself not be able to come to term about who be Harry . ext . front yard - night a crowd of people be stand around look at gideon 's house . int . front room - night the preacher be sleep in he chair , snoring loudly . Babe brother and Linda be sit together , talk in almost a whisper . sunny be asleep in he lap . Babe brother be find it difficult to apologize for he recent behavior . babe brother I have more sense than to give up everything , my family , you and sunny . it be not I , I mean the real I inside my body . I be glad it 's over . it 's like a veil have be lift . linda like a veil have be lift ? babe brother it 's like I have be swim in muddy water . linda like muddy water ? babe brother it be like all that thing old country people try to tell you what hell be like . linda you be in hell ? babe brother I could not believe the thing I be do . it be like a internal struggle go on inside my body . linda do you think you win ? babe brother it be nip and tuck . linda and what lesson have we learn from all of this , Babe br ... Sam ... I mean Samuel ? babe brother I guess it prove you really care about I . you hang in there . Linda look at Babe brother for a length of time . gideon when be you boy go to fix that roof ? babe brother soon as I rest a bit . ( beat ) I mean as soon as we be back to normal again , anytime . gideon here I be think about myself when poor Harry be rest on the floor of the kitchen . int . kitchen - night Harry 's body lie there motionless . int . front room - day the preacher be snoring violently . Babe brother be asleep on the floor . sunny be asleep sit on Linda 's lap . Linda 's foot rest on Babe brother 's chest . junior and Pat be look at the baby picture . Pat be hold she hand across she stomach feel the baby kick . Rhonda be asleep in a chair . suzie and gideon be sit at the dining room table . suzie be cut the dead leave off of a small pot plant . suzie it feel like a storm have pass ... hattie read some of Harry 's letter to a woman he have a child by . the child have die and he be write to give she some comfort . hattie do not know that deep down at the bottom of Harry 's hate , there be some love . the SOUND of rodney 's trumpet be hear but be no longer irritate . gideon do I ever tell you the story about the man who want to make he own mind up about heaven and hell ? he do not want nobody 's opinion but he own . suzie do not pay any attention ; she be involved with she pot plant . gideon look over at the preacher , who be still asleep . gideon ( cont 'd ) he 's go to check out heaven first . he get a round trip ticket to heaven . he get in heaven and find it just like back home . people drip with sweat , work in the field , hardly survive . he ask a man who be get a drink of water , " I think the street be paved with gold . " " they be but you will not see they , " he say . " Boy , you get to work day and night cause idleness be sinfulness . " so he take the other half of he ticket and take the express to hell . he see people stretch out on they back kick back , pick they tooth . " man , this be a dream . " he ask , " what 's you will do ? " they all hollere back , " sinning . " the devil be shaking hand with everyone and come up to he and say , " please to meet you . " he ask , " I think you will be suppose to be burn in fire . " someone say , " man , be not no fire down here except under that pot of chitlin . " the man be go go ask the preacher back on earth ... suzie I do not want to hear any joke about color people be in hell . you be be irreverent . gideon I be almost finish . I be about to come to the punch line . suzie I do not want to hear any tale about color people ... gideon but this be white people , anybody . the punch ... suzie I do not care to hear any joke about people be in hell . this cut on my hand remind I that it be nothing to laugh at . gideon it 's only a tale . the rattling of pot and dish start suddenly . Harry 's body start to sway gently as if he be about to get up . everyone be freeze . Babe brother and Linda remain asleep . the rock cause by the earthquake do not wake they . m.c. , herman , okra and hattie and marsh enter the dining room . Harry 's foot be see in the kitchen still sway . m.c be that a earthquake ? herman it 's something . Babe brother wake in a sweat and sit next to Linda like a child need protection . babe brother I be cold . I need to get out into the sunlight . junior what be it , noontime ? preacher I wonder how they go to bury this man . hattie Plant he in Potter 's field . he do not need a mark grave . herman hattie , you true color be unbearable . you get some mean way . do not worry about the boy get a burial . he still have some friend leave on this earth . hattie his winter have come and go and I know right now he be answer for a lot of thing . m.c. , okra and herman move away from hattie . preacher it be my job to pray for he soul and I would like to do that . ext . gideon be house - day Rhonda be sit next to sunny on the front porch . she have a angry expression . sunny be try to please she by offer she he airplane . he push the airplane near she and she push it back with a violent shove . he persist in offer she he airplane . a crowd of people be still stand around in front of gideon 's house . man hey boy , you still get that dead man in you house . sunny and Rhonda do not respond . a middle - age woman , virginia , one of gideon 's neighbor , pass sunny and Rhonda , knock on the screen door and go in . int . front room - day virginia I know you all have not have a chance to cook or do anything with that dead man in you kitchen . you must be starve to death . some of you neighbor have get together and we set up a picnic table in my backyard with food and everything to feed all you all . suzie Virginia , that be so wonderful of you all ! marsh if the dead wagon come , we ought to leave a note tell they we will be down the street at a picnic . gideon come back in with suzie , who be help tie he tie . they all line up and file out the front door with suzie and gideon lead the way . Pat be hold she stomach with a thoughtful look on she face . PAT I think we better be ready . junior look concerned as he follow Pat out the door . sunny follow Rhonda , who be still mad at he . Babe brother and Linda be the last one out . Babe brother take a long look in the direction of Harry as Linda pull he out . she slam the door . int . kitchen - day Harry 's body lie on the floor . on the kitchen sink be suzie 's jar of cutting , which have develop a maze of root . the end