to the white sea screenplay by Joel coen & ethan coen base on the novel by James dickey August 13 , 1998 fade in cobalt bine . a dark speck be just visible in the center of the screen . it resolve itself into a sea bird , fly toward we . as it pass we hear the propeller engine of a B - 29 and a title burn in : tinian island March 8 , 1945 from just below we the aircraft loom into frame and roar off into the distance , leave only the sound of the wind . Voice Fire . we be go to bring it to he . close on the weathered face of the Colonel . extremely close . he be the speaker . we be pull back slowly at the cut . .. Fire . this be what you have get to look forward to . this be what he 's get to look forward to . we be go to bring it to he . to the enemy , you know . up yonder , friend . up yonder to the north . .. he point he finger up : ... North and fire . floating High , high up in a empty airplane hangar . down below we , laid out like a grid on a bombing & plan , be row of fold chair . in the chair be khaki-clad airmen . stand at the front be the Colonel , just lowering he hand . ... we be go to put he in it . that 's say friend that we be go to put it all around he . a/ / around he . we be go to put it over he and undemeath he . we be go to put it down on he and on of he . dissolveto : ; overhead track '' closer , look straight down on the seat row of airmen pass beneath . ... we be go to put it in he eye and up he asshole , in he wife 's twat and in he baby 's diaper . we be go to put it in he pocket where he can not get rid of it . White phosphorous that will hold on . . . dissolve to : forward track . from the back of the hangar tracking forward , just skim the head of the airmen as we approach the distant Colonel . ... we be go to put it in he dream . whatever heaven he 's hope for , we be fix to make a hell out of it . soon , good buddy . we just get the good word this morning . White phosphorous and napalm . that 's we good stuff for the little yellow man and he folk . we be go to make he a present of it in he main city . bestow it . give it away . with three hundred airplane . with both hand . they be go to remember we . within a week , I clue you , that 's all I can tell you now . but we be go all the way with incendiary . we have arrive at the Colonel and come to rest on the extreme close up with which we begin . ... no ammo , no gunner . all bomb . all payload . all fire . a wide reverse on the row and row of assemble airmen stare mutely at the Colonel . he continue : Colonel the firebomb strike be go to be gravy . but that 's not tonight . tonight it 's the ws same as always , gunner and all . one more . time with frag and two-thousand pound g.p. 's . we rendezvous at angel nine , at sixteen three seven . you course be three - five-six degree true . the target be Tokyo . with the airmen rise and we go to slow motion , slowly tracking forward through the milling pilot , navigator and gunner to find one young man still seat , perfectly still , stare off towards the front of the hangar . the cacophany of voice fade away to leave , once again the sound of the wind . and we hear a different , young voice : aoe Voice when I tell you this , just say it come from a voice in the wind : a voice without a voice , which do not make . a sound . you can pick it up anytime it snow , or even just when the wind be from the north . the boy look slowly down at he watch and we cut to : white a swath of the white be wipe away . we be look through the soape - up plexi bubble on the tail section of a B - 29 . int tail section the boy , muldrow , soap down the gunner 's bubble at the back of the empty bomber . close on the twin-fifty tail gun be snap together . we close on a ammo belt be slowly lower into a feed box , gently curling over on top of itself . close on toggle switch be click on . close = on a ordinary bread knife , its double edge hone to razor sharpness . muldrow reach up and bend it almost double . with the harsh sound of rip tape we cut to : close on the boy skin as he tape the bread knife carefully to he side underneath he flight suit . close on a parachute be tape down to the side of the airplane near the bulkhead . close the blue sky reflect in the curve plexi of the tail - gunner bubble . a dark distort speck move across the blue . close on muldrow 's eye , squinting up through the bubble at the sky . close on a bird move across the sky . booming down on muldrow lie on he bunk , fully clothed in he flight gear . as we boom down into a extreme close up he close he eye . fade out over black : Voice you the big nip knocker around here ? muldrow open he eye to see two new recruit stand over he bed . one be a pale redhead . the other one , the speaker , be taller and rougher look with a snake tattooe on he leave shoulder . muldrow I be muldrow . man four kill , nght ? muldrow Seven . man the board say four . muldrow go read the board , then . man T will do it or not do it , little man . muldrow , look bored , sit up on the edge of he bunk muldrow take off , buddie . I have still get to count up and check off . man you say you be gonna jack off ? redhead do not fool with he , arlen — arlen this little prick ? he do not have he twin fifty now , I could bust he back with one chop . muldrow tell I something , snake . you like money ? arlen ... what ? muldrow do you like money ? the taller man look at he pal , then back to muldrow . arlen yeah . I like money . muldrow you get any ? arlen of some . '' muldrow twenty ? _ arlen ... yeah , I get twenty . muldrow I will bet you fifty against twenty that I be stronger than you be . arlen how 's be you gonna tell ? muldrow it 's just something we take on , you and I . we both try to do it , but you can not do itand I can . that 's all . arlen T could bust you ass in half , you little shit . muldrow '' yeah , but let 's try this first . a arlen name it . muldrow see that brace over you head , that long two - by-four ? grab it and chin on it . arlen that all ? the big man jump up , chin gracefully on the two - by-four , and drop back down . . .. how 's that , asshole ? muidrow average . now jump up and catch it from underneath , like this . muldrow hold up four finger together with the thumb opposite — a pinch grip - to show he . the big man knit he brow , unsure where this be .going . ... goon . try it . arlen jump up , catch the brace but can not hold , and fall back down to the floor . ... no grip . no grip no gut . that 's what they say . muldrow hop off the bunk . .. stand clear . he jump . he catch the brace with one hand , in the pinch grip , and swing from it . he adjust , get both hand on the board . muidrow now watch . he have stop swinging . he chin quickly up , lower himself slowly , and then chin slowly and gracefully two more time . muldrow drop to the floor and tum to face the big man , extend he hand . muldrow shake . the big.man hesitates . ... C ’mon . shake . 8 arlen I do not think so . with that grip you get there might not be too much leave . muldrow a few bone splinter , maybe . I could use that . you can sew with they . arlen furrow he brow and shift uneasily . arlen I , uh . . . lai not get you twenty . muldrow '' uh-huh . muldrow turn back to the bunk and the big man shuffles away , leave the redhead stare at muldrow 's back . Red ... TI ... pve be assign to you crew , muldrow . I never have to ask anybody but once who the best gunner in the squadron be . they all say you do not fly with they - they fly with you . it 's a damned honor . I be fuck if it 's not . on the bunk muldrow be sorting through thing from a emergency kit . he ignore the redhead . ... can ] ask you one thing , sergeant ? just one ? muldrow I guess . what be it ? Red this be my first time out . have you get anything special you can . . . clue I in on ? muldrow turn , finally , to face the kid , hold two small stone in he hand . muldrow nothing special . . . do not waste you ammo . never fire at anything out of panic , make it count . that 's all . ' Red that 's all ? muldrow you will be all right . just get up there and do what you know . get they nip fighter on the pursuit curve and let they slide on down the string , just like they - show you in gunnery school . even if you can see they do not shoot first , ' cause then they can see you . keep the nip off you with that fifty caliber and the Major will get you on back here . that 's a fact . Red . what be that in you hand ? some kind of lucky stone ? muldrow they might be lucky down the road . they be flint . to make fire . Red os do not you get match in you emergency kif ? ~ muldrow sure , but when they be go they be go . with the flint you get all the fire you want . mo ~ Red can I try ‘em ? muldrow smile . muldrow sure . try all you want . muldrow hand he the stone and Red knock they together . nothing happen , Red how do you do it ? be there a trick to it ? muldrow take the stone and walk back to the bunk , the kid follow . muldrow the trick be to practice for a few year . everybody in this barrack could knock this rock together all night and they would not get a single spark . if you need fire you would all freeze to death . Red show I how you do it . we be close on the rock be hold over the bunk . muldrow strike one against the other . a spark flare . & Close on muldrow lip : they pucker with a exhalation onto the stone . Close on the blanket as the spark land . muldrow ( off ) see . there 's plenty of fire in the rock . all you want . another breath coax the spark to bloom into a tiny flame in the nap of the blanket . Red ( off ) 10 Colonel say we be gonna burn the japs.np . gonna burn ‘em up in a couple of day . we move even closer on the flame until it fill the screen . ~ muldrow ( off ) '' yeah , but not tonight . tonight we have get a chance to knock on ‘em . night 20,000 feet a squadron of B - 29 's in tight formation drone among the break cloud in the moonlight . waist section b29 the engine noise be relentless as the new starboard gunner , the redhead , sweaty and scared , wear a 02 mask , peer out into the night , nervously clutching he gun . tail bubble muldrow crouch calmly behind he gun in the plexiglass bubble , surround by night sky . his gaze out at the sky be focus and alert . his point-of-view show spooky mountain of cumulus cloud , backlit by bright moonlight . no sign of enemy aircraft . the cockpit the pilot and navigator be dimly light by the light from the instrument panel . waist section across from Red the port gunner be doze , he mask push up on he forehead . the bombardier doze next to he . _ * Red glance nervously over at he sleep companion , clearly uncomfortable be the only one awake in the waist . back to muldrow still stare impassively out at the cloud . there be a momentary glint , moonlight against metal , in the distance . muldrow do not visibly react , except : his hand tighten on the gun . the pilot look down at he radar . he reach over he head and throw a switch . pilot we get something close above and behind we . muldrow softly : muidrow I see it . waist . section the port gunner stir and push he mask down , while across from he , on the starboard gun , Red be sweat and breathe hard : red ; if he see he why do not he shoot . Christ , I can not see he . ~ tail bubble muldrow stare out through the bubble at the night sky . it be dark and empty . li then , suddenly , flash as the enemy pilot fire . bullet rip into the tail section of the plane . the plain rock ; muldrow coolly pan the twin fifty as he hunch forward to peer through the gun sight . ~ waist section we hear the akakakakakak of the enemy gun . red jesus , what 's the matter ! why don ’t he shoot ? the bombardier look impassively over at red. bombardier take it easy , pal . we be just get start . back to muldrow peer through the gunsight as more bullet rip into the tail section , a couple puncture the plexi bubble . he still slowly pan the gun . his point-of-view through the gunsight show muzzle flash — end , the sky go black . the enemy plane be now invisible . muldrow continue to sight ~ seemingly on nothing -- as he pan the gun , move in the same direction and at the same pace as when he be tracking the flash . his finger tense on the trigger . through the sight we see blackness . no target . muidrow pan , stare down the sight . his headset crackle : Pilot muldrow ? 13 nothing in the sight but black ; no sound but the thramming of the aircraft . muldrow 's finger . . . squeeze . the twin fifty chatter , spew fire . through the sight we see tracers be swallow , to no effect , by impenetrable blackness . the gun continue to roar . muldrow 's arm shake with the gun buck and smoking in he hand . the tracers still probe only blackness , and then - boom -- a extravaganza of dazzle light , a huge explosion , very close . waist section Light illuminate the compartment as the shock wave hit , throw crew member to the floor . the redhead , terrify , hold on for dear life . back to muldrow hunched over he gun . he speak softly into he headset : : muldrow do you see that , Major ? you think J mighta hit that fucker ? his headset crackle : Pilot T see it , muldrow , we all see it . now get off the hom . the cockpit as the pilot regains control of the aircraft . Pilot ... bombardier , the plane be yours . waist section the bombardier acknowledge : ~~ bombardier aye aye , sir . just then the plane be rock with a barrage of smali explosion and the redhead , wide - eye , yell : red the fuck be that ? the bombardier look calmly down into the nordrom bomb sight . it show anti-aircraft fire , come from the ground , speed toward they . aerial view approaching tokyo we enter a bank of cloud and emerge to see a surrealistic scene of a city sky dot with huge tethere balloon . giant searchlight pan the sky and anti-aircraft fire streak through the air to explode at various altitude . tail section muldrow hold on tight . through the bubble we can see the sweep of the searchlight and explode anti-aircraft shell . the plane buck and rock from the aftershock . exterior twelve dron B - 29' , reveal by the anti-aircaft fire and the ground searchlight , open they bomb - bay door . waist section the bombardier peer intently into he sight , wait for the exact moment . se the dock of Tokyo become visible immediately , ahead . the bombardier 's right hand tense on a lever . bombardier five , four . ..~ ° the dock , scattered with huge crane and gantry , start to pivot beneath we . ... three , two , one ! the bombardier squeeze the lever . through the sight , bomb drop dead away . ext looking up at the bomber two-thousand pound bomb fall towards we through the searchlight - sweep cloud . tail section muldrow lean forward , stare down through the bubble . there be a series of fiery explosion below , like a row of flower bloom . waist .section the bombardier also watch , through he sight . bombardier eight bird , eight bull 's eye . let 's get the hell outta ~ the inside of the cabin go blind white , and a split second later , a enormous boom . the bubble muldrow be hurl over he gun butt . a tremendous wind , come from midship , howl through the cabin . 15 16 muldrow push himself off the gun butt , against the wind . the plane start to list nose - down and he be throw back against he seat . he look down at he foot . his view through thé bubble show the plane barrel - roll ; the background sweep from earth , to cloud bank , to starry sky . muldrow whisper : muldrow ... man , iam here ... the starry sky twinkle . the wind howl around muldrow . he reach up to he belt Close on its buckle as he release it . muldrow be suck from he seat and bang up against the wall . everything not nail down be fly around the cabin . muldrow grab ahold of the cargo webbing and swing himself around . half crawl , half tumble weightlessly , he claw he way down to the waist , fetching up against the wall like a clapper in a bell . the waist muldrow tumble in and reach for a bracket by the hatch . his hand close over the bracket , hang on . a airborne parachute pack bang he in the head and swing he around . one hand flail loose ; he manage to hang on with the other . the redhead tumby by in mid-air , scream . muldrow look to he right , toward the hatch . his parachute be right there where he leave it , strain in the gale force wind against the tape that hold it to the wall . he reach with he free hand and rip it from the wall . 17 muldrow twist around , wrestle the parachute - ento he back . in front and below he he can see into the cockpit . half of it be blow away . the fire of Tokyo bum far below . the wind blow through the airplane be start to sound like a scream . he swing with one hand to grab a jump bar over the hatch then calmly pull the pin from the latch . he heave he shoulder into the hatch but it do not budge . just as he manage to get he other hand on the bar the plane list again , swinging he violently away from the hatch ; then , just as violently , the plane swing he back . he hit the hatch squarely with both foot and it - and he - be go . everything in the cabin be suck toward the door . exterior muldrow hit the night air in a vortex of debris . above he , against the star , the flail body of another airman , without a chute , tumble . - we look straight down as muldrow tumble away , end over end , recede to a speck , the scream of the airplane fade away and we hear he voice : muldrow ( voice -over ) & cold weather be right for I . wherever it 's cold enough I can get along . Dark weather be right . . . we be close on muldrow as he spread he arm and leg , arrest he tumble . he float like a hawk on a thermal . ... nearly everything about the cold be good . the cold weather bird be the fiercest and the prettiest by far . there 's not a bird in the jungle that can compare with they . . . the fire of Tokyo be rush up toward he . 18 the wind whip he face . he reach up and pull the rip cord . the line from the chute shoot up toward the star , and the canopy blossom , fill the screen with a unnatural white . the white dissapate ' and we move through it as through a bank of cloud , to reveal that we be '' airborme , high above a snow - cover mountain range . we top the farthest ridge and a endless expanse of snow open up beyond we stretch to the horizon , as far as we can see . distantly , something break the uniform blankness of the snow : a wind line of tree define a tiver course , the river itself now invisible , freeze over and cover with snow . a small trainlike shape be move slowly along the contour of the line of tree . its motion , irregular in its part but smooth as a whole , resolve itself , as we draw closer , into that of a dog sled . it slow and stop . closer the young man drive the team - - a boy , really ~ be muldrow . he step off the sled and go to a- dark patch in the snow nearby . the dark patch be the freeze carcass of a beaver . it stare sightlessly up , light snow dusting its whisker , freeze spittle trail from its mouth , body stiff . a recent snowfall have cover its hind foot and soften the small mound of snow there , form by some earlier agitation . & muldrow whisk the snow away with he mitten , revealing the trap which hold the animal by one shred foot . he squeeze the trap open and carefully reset the crosspiece that keep its steel tooth separate . he carry the carcass back to the sled . he step onto the back of the sled and with a click of the tongue mush the dog . they breath puff in the late afternoon air as the sled creak back into motion . there be a snap sound . the double line of dog abruptly slue leftward and the sled crunch to a halt . 19 the dog on the right have come loose from the sled itself , and be now connect by harness only to they partner on the leave . the severe trace mean the team no longer pull . muldrow step from behind the sled to examine the hamess . the rawhide strap that connect the right rearmost dog to the sled have a fray end hang = free . the dog , unsure of why they be halt , and restive , look back at muldrow . he step back to the sled . he take off he mitten to undo the lace that hold a canvas cover on the sled . he rest the mitten on the front of the sled . the lace be tight . muldrow pause in undoing the knot to clap he hand together . the dog start at the sharp noise , then resettle . muldrow blow on he hand , hurriedly finish undoing the knot . he pull back a corner of the canvas and pull out a length of line . he go to the snap rawhide , blow on he hand . he hurriedly and expertly tie one end of the line to one end of the snap trace . he take a knife from a sheath at he waist and cut off about a foot of line . after resheathing the knife he pause to slap he hand down against he thigh . he wave he hand vigorously , rub they briskly together . he look at the horizon . the sun hang just above the horizon . he pick up the length of line and be about to start tie it , a little more fumble now , to the 2 other loose end of the severe trace . before the knot be finish , the line be whipped out of he hand . : there be snarling and yapping . two dog in the middle of the team have start fight . they motion have jerk the line from muldrow 's hand and give the sled a unbalance lurch forward . a third dog , constrain by the harness , start snarling and awkwardly twist to join in the fight . muldrow grab a whip from its mount on the back of the sled . he wade into the yapping dog and use the knout to slap they apart and restore order . eee wee 20 a couple of linger snarl , a couple more blow . from the knout . the team be now quiet . muldrow blow on he hand , rub they together . he glance across the snow . the bottommost sliver of the sun be just disappear below the horizon . he replace the whip and go to the front of the sled , blow on he fist , to pick up he mitten . the mitten be go . he look at the chume snow in front of the sled , but the mitten be not there . in lurching : forward , the sled probably cover they . muldrow shake he head , angry . he -slap he hand against he thigh . he go to the back of the sled . with click and shout he mush the team . with the unbalance team pull , and muldrow awkwardly wrestle the sled from behind , he finally manage to clear the sled from the area it have formerly cover . . there be chume snow ; no foreign object break the field of white . he blow on he hand , then stab they into the snow here and there , feel . he come up empty . a loud " oh ! " as he slap he sting hand together . he glance at the horizon : the horizon now bisect the set sun . it will soon have disappear entirely . muldrow look at the team of dog . dog here and there , still restive , and curious at this lengthen halt , look back , ear prick . = muldrow trot to where he be work on the line . he stoops and with difficulty pick up the ee two separate end . his finger be barely work sufficiently to pick up each end of line ; he clamp they awkwardly between middle of thumb and ball of oppose finger . 8 his fingertip will not cooperate in form a knot . he vigorously thump he hand , try again . he can not form a knot . the dog look back . muldrow straighten . with the approach dark the wind have pick up , blow the top layer of powder in eddy around he foot . he survey the line of tree . move with a sense of urgency now , he trot to a nearby declivity between a couple of tree . Dead drift , wash up by the river now freeze , poke through the snow in a couple of place . he hurriedly stamp down some nearby snow to make a pack bed . he pull up a few of the larger piece of drift , awkwardly , have to use both hand , and hustle they over to deposit they on the pack snow . he pull up some of the smaller branch which bear leave now dead . he clumsily close a fist around one of the branch and drag the branch through , stripping the crackle leave onto he little wooden hearthpad . he likewise strip another branch . he pull he flint from he pocket with a tremble hand , and with the branch stand by as von , kindling , he squat over the dead leave . ~ with the flint hold not lightly in he fingertip , but clamp heavily in he pawlike fist , he try to strike they . he sometimes miss altogether and strike only knuckle ; when the flint do hit , they yield no spark . the dog , back at the riverbed , look curiously over , ear prick . here one shake itself ; there & another go down on its forepaw to bite snow from between the pad on its foot . muldrow trot to the rearmost dog on the right . he bend to unharness it . his finger be useless on the trace . the dog sniff curiously back at he . muldrow take out he knife and cut the harness , freeing the dog . as the dog start to edge warily away muldrow jam a hand awkwardly into the strap at its shoulder . the other dog be watch . the free dog resist at first . with click and a couple of slap , however , it fall in , as muldrow , stoop , hand through its shoulder strap , trot it away from the team . the dog obstinately halt , digging in . muldrow strike it again and the dog again trot with he . they round a treed hillock . the dog team be now hide . muldrow halt , swing one leg over the dog back ; he be straddle it . the dog squirm between he leg . muldrow be lowering he weight onto the dog , immoblize it from above , as he once again take out he knife . he hook one elbow under the dog 's snout , hugging its head with he face , pull its snout up . his other hand have disappear . with a sudden downward motion the dog wrench its head down and away , twist to break free . muldrow 's freeze hand close over the hamess on the dog 's back as the momentum throw he to the ground . the dog be twist violently around , try to close its jaw on muldrow 's arm . he pull the snarling dog toward he and plunge the knife into the dog 's throat . there be a gurgle sound as blood steam into the snow . the dog continue to writhe . from behind the hillock the team start bay , the writhe subside and the dog lie still . muldrow roll it onto its side . its eye .are still open . once or twice , it blink . muldrow push the knife in at its belly . he drag the knife headward , open a slit in the belly . the dog eye lower to half - open , and be still . the hide team continue to bay . warm vapor rise from the rag gashes at the dog 's throat and belly . muldrow drop he knife and plunge he freeze hand into the dog 's belly . night muldrow sit at the fire now crackle by the river . 23 dawn close on harness _ tive mend . muldrow he stand in the churn - up snow behind the sled . Beyond he he fire still crackle . he be sink a rod here and there into the snow . minute later muldrow stand at the top of the hillock that be between the sled and where he kill the dog . he be pull on he mitten , look : a wolf from a pack of three look up from the carcass of the dog . the other two continue to toot in the carcass . the sled dog 's head waggy with the activity of the feed beast . later still day . muldrow pull the sled up before a isolate cabin . it be in a clear , the far end of which end in a vertical drop . Beyond it be sea . smoke rise from the cabin 's chimney . interior a as muldrow enter , a man in he forty who sit before the fireplace do not react . he 1s '' mend something with needle and thread . muldrow pull off he glove . his hand be still red and swollen . he wordiessly pull a chair around to face the fire . he sit to warm he hand . his father glance over , see the boy hand . he go back to he sewing . muldrow gaze into the fire . its flame lap at the wood . muldrow stare . distant fire fire in the night rush up toward we from the burn dock . we perspective wrench and twist . muldrow grunt as he descent be bring up short . he twist in the harness of he parachute . he look down . twist below — far below — be the black sparkle of water . it be border by gray pavement : dock . the line between solid dock and toss water rotate slowly with we twist perspective . muldrow look up . the view up be equally dizzying . the line from he chute be surround radial line that twist . they reach up to meet the dull white of the underside of he chute . the parachute have snag on a project piece of trusswork , far above . muldrow look around . he be suspend from the gantry of a crane at the dock of Tokyo harbor . very present be the creak of he twist gear . less present be the lap of water below . distant be the intermitte booming of bombardment and anti-aircraft fire . muldrow reach up . he grab he line and start climb , hand over hand . the line be too thin to climb comfortably . it be too fine for he to be able to use he foot ; he cannot pinch it between sole and ankle to help support he weight . all of he weight be bome by he arm , and the cord dig into the meat of he hand . he pause , look up . a very long way to go . it will not happen . he look over . the strutwork of the crane , many foot away . he lower himself , hand over hand , and let himself drop the last foot or so to hang once again suspend from the harness . he withdraw he knife . he reach up and cut the line from one shoulder . his shoulder jerk down a bit as each line be severe . cut the last line on the one side cause he to swing the ae opposite way . he reach out with a ankle , try to hook a crossbar on the crane . he just miss , swing he leg to try to increase the arc of he pendulum swing . the next swing into the crane allow he to hook a ankle . he swing the arm of he untether shoulder , grab the crane , pull himself in . he cut he other shoulder free . he start climb the crane . : ; vg top of the crane muldrow reach the project gantry and start across it to gather he chute . midway there he stop , reacting to human noise from below . he look down . 26 the view down along the abstract recede geometry of the crane be disorient . Far below , we see the top of two helmete head — japanese soldier . they be shouting as they look down over the dock into the water . two more soldier — helmet top , from we perspective - - be run to join they . the soldier back away from the lip of the dock to make way for somebody climb up . a american airman , ditch into the bay , be exhaustedly haul himself up and collapse onto the dock . the soldier jabber at he . kick rouse he to he foot . one soldier hook a arm under the airman 's shoulder and start to lead he away . one of the other soldier , however , accompany , raise he own arm high , hold something indistinct . he strike downward onto the airman 's head . a second after we see the blow we hear the dull impact . the airman be still be hold up by the shoulder , though he body sag . another blow . a second later we hear it . a the soldier who have be support the airman now release he and he flop onto he back . he be look straight up at we . muldrow look . the man look back , perhaps see he , perhaps not . '' the soldier be kick at he . the man with the trancheon continue to strike he . closer on the kick man show he eye look directly up , flutter close , and then open again . he stare up , look , blink a couple of time . his eye seem to glaze-still stare , he seem no longer to see . muldrow watch . the sound of the blow be delay , rather faint . the man continue to shout as they kick and hit . 27 at length , long after the airman have cease to move , the blow stop . the man stand back . one of they step up , gesture for another to join he . he grab a heel ; the other man grab a heel . I the party leave , drag the dead man with they , leave a smear of blood . they voice fade to silence . muldrow advance toward he chute . crane cab Minutes later . muldrow be climb down towards the cab , he bundle chute hugge under one arm . interior cab its bottom trap door be throw open and muldrow enter . he close the trap door behind he . he look around . the front window of the crane look out at the project gantry . though the interior of the cab be still dark , the gantry , point out to sea , seem to be aim at a faint red glow to the east — the beginning of dawn . muldrow jam he parachute behind the crane operator 's chair . he sit down on the floor and empty he pocket , spread the object on the floor in front of he to take a inventory . . he have : . '' his knife . a 45 pistol . two clip for the pistol . a small packet of fish hook . 28 a length of twine . a tin of c-ration with a top-opene key . two flint . a compass . the north on the compass be label with a ornately seriffe n. something that look like a silk handkerchief , which he spread to examine : on one side be a map of Japan , Tokyo label on the main island . his gaze shift to one side . a smail diamond inside a circle have corner that point the four direction ; only the top , however , N , have be label . his gaze drift up the map , northward . . . ... along the length of the main island , to the north island , where it linger . move again , it travel up the northern archipelago of japanese island . a dot line across the map indicate a break in scale ; above it be another archipelago which the continue upward pan reveal to be the aleutian . muldrow gaze . at length he flip the handkerchief over . there be print on the other side . the top line be in English . each line underneath be in a different transliterate foreign language , specify to the leave : . annamese burmese thai french japanese muldrow look at the English original , at the top : 29 1 am a american airman . my aircraft be destroyed . 1 am a enemy of the japanese . please take I to the nearest american authorities . my government will pay you ! muldrow look expressionlessly up . the window of the gantry glow red . - black we linger in black . quiet . we begin to hear a very faint clung - clung - clung - a rhythmic , very distant , hollow metallic sound . muldrow his eye open . still in the cab , he have be asleep . from the light we know that it be now full day . he hold very still , listen . tem the clung - clung - clung , while still faint , seem to be grow . muldrow cautiously rise to a half - crouch , freeze again , listen . the metallic sound continue , and continue to grow . muldrow hurriedly gather he thing . he press himself into a back comer of the cab , behind . the operator 's seat . crouched , largely hide by the seat , he hold he knife atthe ready . fe the climb footstep continue . muldrow be still . = closer and closer , yet still not very loud . a the interior of the cab make the footfalls resonate , like the inside of a drum . muldrow be motionless and ready , but not tense . 30 there be no movement , only sound . the the footstep continue , slow , regular , approach . they be quite close . they rhythm break . there be a pause , some scuffing , some metallic scraping . with a startlingly loud screech the trap door swing up . the man enter be largely hide from muldrow by the operator 's seat . he climb in , straighten — we fleetingly see the straw hat he wear — and start to ease the trap door close , but then drop it the last bit to let it slam . we see only he leg as he pause , shuffles a bit , turn and seat himself . he put a lacqueur bento box on the floor next to he chair , shift in the chair , clear he throat . we have yet to see he face . we hear paper rustling . another throat clear . he be read the newspaper . he turn a page . there be a long silence . with a absent shift of weight , the sole of he right foot twist on the floor . the foot have be rest on the silk of a tufte - out piece of the stow parachute . its slick twist underfoot be apparently sensable . the foot twist again , experimentally , and there be another creak ahd shift of weight as the man sa jeans to look down at the floor . after a moment , finger reach down to feel . a murmur . another still beat . but now a drop of blood hit the white silk . and another drop . blood patter down onto the silk . 31 we be close on the man 's eye : they do not move , we pan down to he slashed throat . muldrow hold the man 's head by he hair , hold the head forward , force the flow of blood outward onto the floor . ~~ ese it patter now onto the cab floor like rain on a tin roof . muldrow reach down , snatch up part of the chute , and quickly wind the silk around the man 's throat . he seem to be take some care with the blood . minute later muldrow be now wear the man 's clothes . he be sit on the floor of the cab , grunt , both hand forward , try to pull on one of the man 's shoe . it be too small . muldrow give up , look at the man . the man be laid out on the floor , naked except for a length of white silk stain red wrap oe round he throat . muldrow put on he own boot , pull the pant cuff down , try to hide as much as possible . he look , evaluate , and be not really satisfied . he pull over the man 's bento box . after a quick examination he see how to slide it open . he frown . Inside , neatly laid out in different compartment , be various unidentifiable food . muldrow examine each . some of it be clearly raw fish . some be fry food of mysterious provenance . a fe a muldrow pick up a piece of fish , sniff it , eat it . he pick up another piece . it be cover with orange roe . he examine it . he lick off a few bubbles of the roe , feel they with he tongue . he pop some of it between he front tooth . the silence be interrupt by a loud rattling ring . 32 it be a long , wheeze ring , like a telephone excert that it have a more gradual attack and trail - off , as if rung by hand - crank . '' there be a primitive telephone handset cradle by a black box next to the seat . apparently it be the mean by which the ground communicate with the crane operator . a long silence . muldrow set down the bento box . 7 another wheeze ring . another silence . muldrow be stuff he gear into the pocket of the pyjama coat he now wear . as he be finish there be a very faint shout . he look out the window . Far below , small and foreshortened , a man shout up . muidrow hesitates , open the window , stick a arm out the window , give a acknowledge wave . he wait a moment , then peek again . the small foreshortened man be walk away , shaking he head . along the dock the other crane be roaring to life , grind into motion . the work day be start . he muldrow move the dead man' leg so that he can haul open the trap door . exterior crane muldrow be climb down . his straw hat be pull down as low over he eye as it will go . he reach the dock and start walk . a motorize cart be approach . two man ride in front . muldrow keep to he steady pace and keep he chin low . the cart pass with a shout from one of the man . the other man laugh . the activity on the dock behind he be quicken as muldrow teach the end of the dock . the area here be a maze of warehouse . facing muldrow be a large sign . 33 on the right side of the sign be some information in japanese and a arrow point to the right . on the leave side of the sign be some information in japanese and a arrow point to the leave . across the bottom of the sign be information of great importance , apparently , because the character be bigger and in red . muldrow gaze at the sign . behind he , from the dock , ring the voice of man at work . from nearby , however , be a subtle , intermittent clink - clink -clink . muldrow look to the right . there be a narrow concrete staircase lead down , with a chain strung across its entrance . the staircase be just where dock meet shore ; presumably it lead down to the beach . the heavy machinery operate on the dock communicate vibration to which the chain respond , sway and clinking , ever so slightly . muldrow go to the chain , give a quick look around , swing one leg over , swing the other over , start to descend . stairway on one side the stairway be open to the harbor ; on the other side be stone seawall . midway down some of the step be wet . we hear the trickle of water . muldrow look up the stone wall . a couple of foot above eye level be the mouth of a drainage pipe . muldrow tense , jump , catch the lip of the drainage pipe with he hand , and easily chin himself up and in . drainage pipe it be perhaps four foot in diameter . it slope slightly upward . Water trickle only down its middle . ina crouch muldrow proceed up the pipe , he footstep become progressively more resonant . about twenty foot up there be a bend . muldrow look back toward the mouth . 34 the mouth of the pipe be a small bright circle , fily by the blue of the harbor . Light streak in to highlight the corrugate ripple of the pipe . muldrow tum the bend . in front of he now be only black . he sit crossway in the pipe , foot plant against the far side , help to push he weight back and keep he out of the water trickle down the middle . he lean he head back . the elbow in the pipe be only faintly illuminate by daylight from the distant mouth , now hide around the bend . Far away , very mute , the sound of the dock carry on . fade out in black a dull , distant concussion . all low end , its ring - out do not go away . the vibration go on and on . muldrow open he eye . another dull boom . the pipe elbow in front of he show the faintest , dullest , flicker red — a reflection of a reflection . another dull boom ; the explosion be now join by the whine of siren . muldrow round the tum in the pipe and look . the mouth of the pipe present a small circle of harbor , which now consist of red cap dance atop the agitate water . a more vivid red — a reflection of fire . .. - boom !-a nearer explosion , still all low end but quite loud , knock muldrow off he foot . Water slurp in the pipe , the length of which have be set tremble . muldrow climb to he foot , smile , and whoops . } his voice echoe along the pipe . he scoot in he crouch down towards its mouth . exterior can 35 as muldrow let himself drop down onto the stair , a bend in the harbor give he a view of the city of Tokyo , burn . light rake the sky , occasionally catch a overfly plane . White phosphorous dind red napalm bloom here and there , each explosion follow second later by a dull concussive boom . the red light , now direct , be intense . now audible over the siren and explosion be the drine of the bomber . five bomb hit in a line and a sheet of flame a mile wide shoot up into the sky . now the whole city appear to be on fire . a bomb hit the dockland , collapse one of the crane . a river of flame spill the sea wall and shoot over the water as the petroleum napalm ignites . muldrow 's face flicker red in the light of the burn city . he start to run toward the source of the light . Close on he foot show he GI boot run over the sand . smoke , like low ground fog , creep in and eddy around he run foot . a low moan sound , like a wind , but lower and darker than the wind , fade up as he approach the light . oncome people be start to pass he now , flee the city . they moan and whimper — small piece of the larger tone emanate from the center of the fire . no one look at muldrow . he be leave the beach and jogging along a street , still head against the tide of people , toward . the heart of the fire . the oncoming people be more numerous now - - a stream . a napalm explosion blow fire out a building just in front of he and into the street . its concussion punch a oncoming woman forward and off she foot to slam directly into muldrow , chest to chest , as if shot by a cannon . both muldrow and the woman grunt at the impact . muldrow be knock onto he back ; the woman be on top of he . the woman scramble to she foot , whimper , and continue on she way . muldrow too get to he foot . the way in front of he be now block by flame wreckage , among which body also burn . muldrow take a side street . he be still run against the tide . he pass a woman who be crouch over a prostrate man , 36 shriek . the man be on fire but not dead . muldrow look as he pass . the man be about he size . '' ney muldrow slow to look at the man 's foot . they bicycle against nothing . his pants and shoe be burn . muldrow resume he run . the smoke now whip alternately in and away , obscure everything and then abruptly parting to reveal the stream of oncoming face . muldrow be jostle ; he now have to fight he way forward . he seem to be in the very middle of the low moan sound . muldrow push on , look side to side at the people who pass , none of whom look at he . smoke whip in , whip away to reveal a oncoming man , a little larger than most , about muldrow 's size . muldrow work himself into the man 's path and , when they meet , stiff - arm he backwards . the man grunt , surprised , and look at muldrow . his eye widen . muldrow 's leave hand rise to push upwards on the man 's chin , and he right hand rise with the .45 . there be a flat crack as muldrow shoot upward from under the man 's jaw . the noise be audible but not remarkable in the chaos . the man 's backward sag be arrest as muldrow grab a fistful of shirt and pull . he stoops to let the man flop forward onto he and then straighten , hold the man in a fireman 's carry . he work he way through the crowd to a alley mouth . '' in the empty alleyway he dump the man carelessly to the ground . the street at either end be teeming with peopte flow in the same direction . none have a sideward look . muldrow take off the man 's shoe ; take off he boot ; put the shoe on : a good fit . he feel the man 's pocket , dig into the one that seem to hold something . he sort through the content in he open hand -- some odd look coin and bill , a metal ring that appear to be a token of some kind with a hexagonal hole punch in it ; a clipping from a newspaper ; another piece of paper with handwrite on it ; and a odd , rather archaic ldoking key , like a jailer 's key . he drop each object drop to the ground in turn after look at it . he squat and rub he hand thoughtfully against the wall just in front of he . he look at the hand , blacken with soot , feel it between he finger . he smear some on he face , gather some more , smear some more . he straighten and wade back out into the street . 37 it be now almost impossible to move against the tide . the crowd surge back and forth . muldrow notice that now many people hold handkerchief press against they face . he grab one from a older man whom he own shove and the swirl tide quickly move away ; he press it over he own face . the concussive boonis throughout the city be now punctuate by one immediately nearby . it wee combine with the shatter of glass , muldrow look up . the window of the building to the right be blow . through a third - floor window a flail man be eject ; it be difficult to tell in the confusion of he movement but it seem that he be miss a arm . he cross the street , somersalt three storey high to crash , in shower of spark , through a window of the face building . there be no freedom of movement in the crowd ; muldrow now submit to it . it be move steadily one way but then whipsaw and eddyy ; there be scream from up ahead . people be try to make way , shove desperately towards the side of the street to clear the middle , a scream horse be gallop through . napalm bum in patch along one of its flank . the horse , eye roll , knock down and chum up someone unable to get out of its way . after it pass , the crowd fold back in its wake . the crowd be bear muldrow into a open area , away from the burn building . itisa park . the crowd in front of he be drop downward . muldrow stumble forward and down with they ; he look down . his foot be in water . the crowd have be surging toward a pond in the center of the park . the pressure from behind he move he deeper into the pond . in front of he the moan be turn into scream here and there as people be force into water over they head . that who can not swim thrash and flail , try to force they way back . muldrow be catch between that in front try to push back , and the much stronger pressure from behind to keep go . he , along with he neighbor , be lose he foot on the lakebe . he stumble and recover , he head soak . a old woman nearby look at he . he be very white . they eye make contact . as she start to scream , muldrow take out he knife . the woman be lose she foot . as she continue to scream , she thrashes . 38 flail body be all around they . the woman be bome away from muldrow , go deeper into the pond . '' people she try to grab fight she away . muldrow watch as ; partially hide in the confusion of body , she struggle to stay afloat . '' she be chume under , resurface only briefly ; there be a roll flash of she eye , perhaps look at he , and she be again swallow by the water . the lake be a vision out of the inferno as the city burn around it . crowd continue to stream into the water where they thrash and flail like condemn soul . muidrow chum in the water , work he way toward the center where it be a little calmer . Dead body float around he . he lie back in the water and look up at the sky . : the sky be a glow , flicker red . we hear a distant hum , grow louder , and the moan of the crowd fade away . the B - 29' , in wing formation , be dron placidly home , silhouett against the glow sky . day road the day be gray and hazy with smoke . muldrow , face darken once again , trudge along a road on the outskirt of the city , in a area that be almost rural . there be many other pedestrian . unlike the night before , it be quiet~no conversation even , no industrial noise , no bird twitter . the only sound be the sluggish scuffle of foot . muldrow notice something . the house to one side~one among the many small square house separate by yard that line the . street -- have a fighter plane park in front of it , like a car park in 'a suburban driveway . — om there be a shout up ahead ; muldrow look . a man in the road thirty yard up be squatting to pick up a stone . he rise and peg the stone at something at the side of the road in front of he , shouting again . a cumbersome bird with a large wingspan flap awkwardly away , a length of intestine sway from its beak . 39 muldrow keep walk . a putt-putt noise from behind he . muldrow turn , move to make way . a fighter plane be chugge up the road . as it pass , muldrow have a glimpse of the pilot , a bleary - eye young man whosejaw hang open as he bounce along . the plane make a awkward right turn at a street ahead , its wide turn radius make it clomp up off the road and then back down again . muldrow watch it chug away . his gaze shift slightly . to the right , in the general direction of the bear of the plane , a Zero drift down through the sky with a faint drine , its outline soften by haze . its angle of descent imply a airstrip in the middle distance hide from we by a intervene hill . muldrow look wearily about . he leave the road to he leave . he be go behind one of the house to hide himself from the road . he sink to the ground , sit with he back against the wall . he take out a chocolate bar , eat half of it , then carefully rewrap it in its foil . he lick he finger , examine they to make sure he have get everything . he put the chocolate away . he take out he compass . he align the needle with the N , and look where it point . a range of hill . the haze give no great visibility beyond . he put the compass away . he glance about , notice something . the wail of a airplane park beside the house . he round the side of the house , shoot a glance at the road ; no passersby at the moment . he climb uncertainly onto the airplane 's wing , look for unfamiliar handhold . another glance at the road and he climb into the cockpit . he sit heavily into the pilot 's seat . he sit still for a moment , gaze out through the windshield . he look down at the control . switch , gauge , dial , a stick . japanese character , half obscure by grime . he grip the gun on either side . he stare out , grip the gun . at length , he hoist himself out of the cockpit . hill muidrow be walk . the hill be cover with low scrub . ' a distant bird noise ; muldrow look . up ahead , slightly to the leave , something float in the air , its shape soften by haze . it abruptly confirm the bird sound by start to flap its wing . it be descend . its trajectory will take it out of sight beyond a group of hill to the leave . muldrow adjust he course . minute later muldrow top a rise and look down . cottonwood line the bank of a small , swiftly flow river . oe oo ee 41 edge of the chocolate with he front tooth . he chew for a long time , savore the one piece he have allow himself , as he proceed with the fishhook : * ~ he tear off a roughly rectangular piece of foil and push the hook through the middle of it . he twirl the hook again , the foil glint . he rewrap the bar , stick it in he pocket . he let the twine play out of he finger and into the stream . later muldrow be just rise from a half crouch , ankle - deep in the stream . his right hand be raise high the twine ; he leave grab after the flap fish be hoist from the water . after a couple of vain grab at its wriggle tail muldrow use the line to swing the fish onto the bank . he get out he knife while he wait for it to suffocate . he squat over it and wait patiently as it flop on the ground , less and less energetically . its gill flare , relax . its one visible eye goggle . it stop move . muldrow pick it up and , after it give one or two weak flop , unhook it . he draw the knife ee up its belly and carefully clean it , scraping its glisten organ out onto the ground . he scale it . he put a stick through its mouth . he squat by the making of a fire he have prepare : dry piece of scrub and smaller and larger stick , he pull out he flint , expertly strike they , get a spark which start a dry leaf crinkling . he quickly but gently blow on the leaf , nursing it along . later a muldrow be finish eat the fish . he have get just about ail of the flesh . he examine the head . he stare at the eyeball , which seem to return the stare . muldrow use the tip of the knife to coax the eyeball out of its socket . he stick it in he mouth , back between he molar . 42 he bite down on it experimentally , feel it pep between its tooth . he chew slowly , carefully , feel the texture . , he be suddenly alert at a noise . it be a rustling from the brush ; a clinking sound accompany it . after a moment a dog emerge . it be very gaunt , its rib visible . it advance hesitantly towards muldrow , head duck below its shoulder in a submissive attitude . muldrow toss the fish head over to where the entrail lie , near the dog . the dog sniff at the head , sniff at the entrail . after a couple of tentative , feint bite , it pick up the stomach in its tooth , bring it deeper with a jerk of the head , chew , swallow . it lap up the heart , chew , swallow , tail wag . muldrow here , dog . the dog advance again , its movement still accompany by the metallic clinking sound . as it reach he , muldrow give it a pat too reassure it , then reach under its neck to feel . it have a collar . the source of the clinking be a couple of tag , which muldrow examine . the little metal disc be engrave with japanese character . muldrow let they drop . the dog go back to the entrail . it pick up the head and trot away with it , downriver , tail wag . dusk 's : muldrow be near the crest of another hill , the area now lightly wood . he halt near a boulder that will give shelter on one side . he walk around it . he pick a side , kick at the ground , clear away some loose stone . he look around . Bird call . Breeze through the treetop . 43 muldrow sit , lean against the rock . he take out che chocolate bar , unwrap it , take a bite , lick he finger , rewrap the chocolate , put it away . he look at he leg stick out in front of he . night we be look up . the dark shape of tree recede upward . the sky be now clear ; we can see star where they be not blott by leave . muldrow be lie on he back , hand clasped behind he head , stare . the background of bird call be different now — night bird . muldrow close he eye . after a moment he open they and sit up . he reach in he pocket and take out he forty - five caliber army - issue gun . he turn it over in he hand , look at it . he get up , walk over to the edge of the clear of tree , then hunch over and brushes away the leave and ground cover . he use the barrel of the gun to dig a shallow hole in the dirt . ee he carefully place the gun in the hole and cover it back up . '' ~ he go back to he spot and lie down and look back up at the tree . he close he eye . after a long hold : white the sound background drop out completely at the cut . we be in perfect quiet , look at a ° field of unbroken white . se have a we begin to hear a swish sound , very faint , but grow . footfall , but not sharp one . at they loudest point a figure enter in the foreground . it be muldrow , wear snowshoe and carry a long inuit spear . he recede into the background , define the snow - cover ground by the track he snowshoe leave . nothing else distinguish ground from sky on this overcast day . the sound of swish footfalls recede with muldrow . we hold as he grow small . black ambient sound come back with this cut : bird , wind . there be a new sound : chant . with it , a faint ratchete sound . _ muldrow he open he eye . his point of view be of the same upward stretch tree . the sky beyond they be now starless , however , and start to take on color . minute later muldrow reach the top.of the hill and look down . the chant be slightly louder here . there be a wooden temple in the glen below . only one monk , in saffron robe , be visible ; the chant ~ many male voicesscome from inside the temple . the monk outside be spin a prayer wheel , the source of the ratchete sound . later now full daylight . muldrow be finish climb a series of agricultural terrace , scramble up steeply bank earth to arrive at the top level , he pause , panting , to look around . below he , tiny bob hat be sign of people work the terrace . none be nearby : a faint , and brief , flap sound . muldrow have to look about to locate its source : just at eye level , just at the horizon , a irregular round shape jig slightly , as if on air current . it be not otherwise perceptibly move . suddenly wing extend to flap briefly , with the same sound , and then tuck back in , it be a bird , its distance difficult to gauge because its course be directly at we . it alternately flap 45 and glide , flap and glide . as it grow closer we see'that it be a swan . and , as it approach , its great size become more apparent . it keep to its bear , straight at muidrow . at the last moment , in a glide , with the subtlest movement of its body , it swerve to avoid collision with muldrow , and then , have pass , it swerve back to resume its path . muldrow watch it recede , flap and glide . wide on a pond at the foot of a grassy lawn . dozen of swan glide gracefully across the water . most of they be concentrate at one end of the pond where a old man crouch at the water 's edge , feed they . we appear to be in some kind of park or preserve . a small hut with a pagoda style roof , probably the caretaker house , stand at the edge of the pond . muldrow stand at the far edge of the lawn , observe . we watch the old man from behind , as he hunch forward , throw grain out onto the water . a shadow fall over the water in front of he . we have not hear any sound . several of the swan crane they neck to look toward the shore . the old man 's back tense and he freeze , but do not look around . mutdrow 's arm enter the frame , grab the man by the back of the neck and force he head down under the water . the old man feebly beat the water but be to weak to offer much resistance . the swan glide away from the churn water but continue to paddle serenely around the old man , peck at , the grain that float on the surface of the pond . a moment later os at the cut a cacophany of honk and splash water . muldrow be waist deep in the pond , wield a short heavy stick , clubbing the swan . the swan at the periphery move only to the extent that they be crowded out by the retreate swan near the middle . they bunch up in confusion . 46 muldrow have clubbed several swan dead but by now the other have edge back out of reach . as the nearest one heavily flap its wing and start to rise from the water muldrow lunge and grab , snagging a retreate leg in one hand and a handful of flap wing in the other . with a honk the bird-twist around and bite muldrow 's face . it have lock onto he cheek . it ae will not let go . muldrow let go of the wing and , still hold onto its leg , grab the bird by the neck and try to pull it off . the bird be bat its powerful wing , buffete muldrow 's head while maintain its grip on he flesh . muldrow try to snap its neck . the swan twist again , release muldrow 's cheek and try vainly to bite down at the hand . muldrow plunge the bird into the water . as he hold it there its flap wing churn the water . muldrow 's tense arm waggle with the activity of the bird . finally it subside . muldrow , he cheek heavily bleed , pull up the dead swan . it drip and sag , its head a lolling weight at the end of its long neck . sap caretaker' cabin muidrow sit at a low table , rip fistful of feather from the carcass of a swan . he stuff they into a sack . a fire have be build in the fireplace . a high grate , apparently a brasier . sit ahove the fire have finish pluck the bird , muldrow bring the carcass to the fire . the bird be huge and , - without its feather , rather grotesque . it barely fit onto the grate . : a its head loll off the edge , muldrow take out he knife and with a féw saw motion take off the head . . he look around for a place to toss it . cabin exterior the door open and muldrow toss the head out into the yard . 47 in the pond nearby , the swan have resettle and placiilly glide back and forth . tracking through . tree ee it be not a natural wood but a grove of tree plant in evenly space row . the tree be straight , tall and limbless . they shadow in the afternoon sun create a geometric pattern on the ground that complement the tree ' own pattern . as we pass by , we forward motion make the line of tree hypnotically stretch and contract , stretch and contract . muldrow be walk with the bag of feather sling over he shoulder . a house - a large house -- be surround by lawn at the end of the grove . muldrow pause at the edge of the grove . in the clear in front of the house a elderly couple be strolling together in the sunshine . the man be perhaps sixty . he wear a long black robe , some kind of house coat , and he fine , gray hair be pull up in a top knot . instead of walk behind he in the japanese fashion , he wife , or nurse , walk beside he , they arm lock together as they walk . neither speak . muldrow wait . the later it be late afternoon . there be no more direct sun . muldrow edge up to a window of the house and look in . Inside the old man sit crosslegge on a tatami mat before a low table , eat . a panel be sly . open and the woman we see earlier appear to clear a empty plate from before the man . she leave through the same panel , reappear with another plate . we . she set it on the table and leave again . the man reach out with one hand and have to locate * the plate by touch before reach with the chopstick in he other hand to eat from it . muldrow watch intently . the man 's eye stare fixedly as he eat , not tracking the chopstick as they travel from the plate to he mouth . he be blind . 48 muldrow tum from the window and sit with he back against the side wall of the house rest in the shadow . he look back across the clear . Black bird circle silently above the tree . muldrow smile faintly and close he eye . black a noise : a door , open and close . muildrow open he eye . the bird be go . he peer around the corner of the house . the woman be leave . muldrow watch as she walk away across the clear and into the grove , and dissappear . interior house muldrow enter , he be in a hallway ; he slide a panel to he right to enter a room . it be the room he be watch from outside . the old man sit at the low table , he back to we . a er ae demeet oe we icmatianlorr hic ctillnarr 2 eaantion machen to tha a 49 piece of bamboo~ - perhaps for calligraphy ; small . jar ' éf-dark fluid — perhaps ink . as muldrow poke through the content of the drawer he shoot the occasional glance back at the old man . the man sit freeze exactly as before , still hold he chopstick , still listen . muldrow push the top drawer shut and open the larger one underneath . this drawer contain fine and neatly fold clothes of indeterminate gender . muldrow feel through the fabric , less interested in the clothes themselves than in whatever else might be underneath they . the songbird twitter . muldrow glance back at the table and freeze . the old man be not there . he have disappear without a sound , muldrow 's search have itself be too quiet to cover any but the slight noise . muldrow straighten from the drawer , still look at the space now vacant where the old man have be . he notice something : on the table , the man 's chopstick have be neatly place on they little enamele rest . 2 muldrow look across the room . not only have the old man leave , he have close the screen behind he . muldrow cross the room and pause for a moment in front of the screen , listen . nothing . he reach under he tunic and take out he knife . slowly , noiselessly , he arm at full length to put some distance between himself and the screen , he slide it open . for a long beat he stare at the open screen , wait . he see nothing ; he hear nothing . / he edge forward and peer around the screen . the long hallway through which he enter be rather dim now , and be empty . the flooring be narrow band of polished wood and the hallway be line by the same slide panel of laquere paper , all of which be close . quietly , quietly , muldrow start down the hallway , he knife at the ready . moonlight gtint off the polished floor and the wooden frame of the the slide panel . 30 as he make he way down the hall , each footfall . be carefully plant and noiseless . one band of wood give , ever so slightly , under muldrow 's right foot and faintly squeak . aside from the wind it be the only sound that have break the quiet . muldrow stop , he right foot still plant and support he weight . he look down at the floor . still look down , he slowly start to shift he weight to move forward . as he weight shift the board groan again . we hear a faint whoosh . muldrow look up . a panel have sly open and the old man be emerge , precede by a quickly flash blade . the sword snick -snick -snick through the air as the man snap he wrist and advance towards muldrow . muldrow stumble back , unprepare , as the flurry of sword swipe abruptly end and the old man be freeze in a defensive posture , crouch , perfectly balanced , sword hold over he head at the ready , listen . neither man move , muldrow stare at the japanese man , the japanese man expressionlessly listen . muldrow look at he own shoulder . he have be cut ; the fabric at he shoulder bas a small rent around which blood seep . muldrow look back at the old man . a silent beat . % with no audible cue , the man explode into motion again , sword slice the air in front of he as he advance . muldrow retreat and swipe a screen open to enter another room . the scrape of the panel have cue the old man and the whisk of he slice sword abruptly stop . muldrow be inside a new room , stare at the open panel give out onto a empty patch of wa hallway . perfect quiet . with a snap of paper , the sword blade appear through the pane next to the open panel , barely miss muldrow , like a magician 's sword probing a trunk . it immediately disappear . perfect quiet again . Left behind in the paper pane be a slit the breadth only of the blade now 31 go . muldrow edge further back towards the center of the room . wroell ll. ee 52 he cup he hand under the cuff . plip-plip-plip — fainter , but still audible , we hear the blood drip into he palm . the old man explode into motion again . muldrow can only dodge ; the reach advantage of the old man 's sword , relative to muldrow 's knife , make it impossible to attack . the old man advance in pace with the retreate footstep . muldrow half - fall , half -roll ; he be under a table and bump its leg . on the table a clay pot tip over with a clunk . spill earth patter onto the tabletop and onto the hollow floor . the old man , reacting to the noise , turn and swipe at the source of the noise . muldrow be tise to he foot , next to he . a distant clunk . the man be turn again , but muldrow have he open : he stab the man in the neck . he have hit the jugular : there be projectile blood around the knife , which remain plant in the man 's neck . the distant clunk be the front door which now close . there be a inquire female voice . the old man continue to cut and slice , muldrow back away and wait . the old man 's blood be patter onto the floor . his action be become graceless , unsteady . he sink to ' one knee , still hold the sword two-hand . one hand drop from the sword . as the old man sway , he reach up and pulis the knife from he neck . with a clank , he drop the sword to the floor . he reach up with he second hand now free , to feel the knife , examine its unfamiliar shape . there be approach footstep and the female voice repeat its inquiry , closer now . the old man open he mouth to respond . all that emerge be a windy rattle . he tip over and be still . muldrow stoops over he and take the knife from he hand . 53 the door open and the woman look in . a later it be now day . muldrow be back in the front toom , carefully work on something with needle '' and thread . the songbird twitter . as he flip the fabric around , turn a comer , it become clear that what he hold be some sort of thin jacket . he be sewing a lining onto it . before sewing it completely close he pick up the bag of feather , hold the open down between lining and jacket , and pat the underside of the raise bag to pour feather into the lining . he pat at the coat , distribute the feather evenly through the lining . escape feather float through the air . he pick up the needle again to sew the lining shut . various cut muldrow be look through the house for whatever might be of use . each room be neatly arrange , and now disarranged by muldrow 's search . he look through drawer , closet , shelf . one room house book and scroll . muldrow pause before a picture on a desk : it be a young soldier in a old picture - probably the old man . he be wear round rimless glass . he be in some kind of dress uniform with a sword in scabbard at he side . muldrow move on and , for some reason , gather up a armful of book . he be about to leave the room with the book when something else draw he attention : one shelf in a bookcase be bare : it be use as a space to display a map . the map have a great : degree of topographical detail ; apparently it be the immediate locality . muldrow set the book down , study the map . he pull out he own silk map . he study coastline , trace it with a finger . he match the large contour of the detail map with the scale - down contour of he own map . he place himself midway up the main island from Tokyo , or perhaps a bit less . 54 his eye continue to wander over the detail map . '' his attention be draw by a irregular north -south line . it have diagonal cross-hatch like suture along its length . it be railroad . muldrow gaze . pushing muldrow he be walk up the hallway towards the front room , book once again in hand , step over the leg of the woman that trail out of the pot room into the hallway . front room muidrow dump the book onto the floor . he rip out several page from one and crumple they . he get out he flint . he strike they over the crumpled paper . a few attempt bring a spark . muldrow quickly hunch to blow on the paper crinkling where woe the spark land . he be nursing it along when a sound stop he : the twitter of the bird . he look over . the bird hop up onto its perch , cheeping . muldrow straighten and go to its bamboo cage . he tap aside the little bar that keep its door hay ppinne tha dane mene — ' he go to the window , open they . the bird hop to the cage 's open door . it stand perch momentarily on the cross-piece of bamboo that be the bottom edge of the doorway . , it take wing . muldrow watch as it sweep back and forth in the room . it coast along up near the ceiling , bank , coast back . it realight on the cage threshold . it hop back into its cage and up onto its perch . it twitter . 55 muldrow pick up he half - empty featherbag . outside muldrow be at the foot of the yard , walk toward we . behind he flame be beginning to climb the front wall of the house . 36 muldrow stare back , not move . the train chug ) ~*~ the old man gape , not move . the doorway : empty now : muldrow have vanish . the old man : still stare . later muldrow sit next to the empty track . we hear a distant whistle . in the distance another train be approach , this one pull long flatcar stack with freshly cut timber . high looking down timber run longway through frame , jiggling and clunking with the motion of the train . muldrow enter with he bag , sit , then stretch out , lie on he back , body orient with the timber , snug between a long hump of wood on either side . he tuck the bag of feather behind he head as a pillow . he gaze up . his point- of-view show sky . point towards it from either side be pine tree that stretch up and steadily march through frame with the progress of the train . muldrow relax , fold he arm behind he head . his body rock with the car and its cargo . muldrow ina dim interior , stil rock with a gentle motion , still envelop by machine hum . a different machine , though -- and muldrow be now wear a flight suit , with a parachute strapped to he back . a dron voice be barely audible over the airplane shudder engine : vaice : ... it 's fuck cold you hit the air , it 's cold out so you first impulse be to tense up . that do not help , though . gotta relax . muldrow be on a bench , next to other boy in flight suit ; all look towards the front of the plane . there , stand by a almost painfully bright open hatch , the jump instructor continue : instructor ... all right , you fuck lady . how many of you still walk around hold you fuck dick . none of you . well you do not hold onto the ripcord either . leggo the fuck thing . several of the boy drop they hand from where they have be nervously clutching the metal ming . ... like you dick . grab it when you wanna use it . til then do not worry it 's there . okay we hop off by platoon . platoon leader first , two -second interval . this be you first practice jump . this be you last practice jump . the brass figure we should not kill too many a you in practice . that , lady , would be pointless . okay . hit the air , spread you arm or you will keep tumble . arm spread , stabilize , once you be steady do not flap , you be not a fuck bird . okay , you be ready to deploy . you grab you primary . you pull . that do not open , you grab you secondary , you pull . that do not open , we get a procedure : you write a letter to the Air Force to complain . any question . the boy close to the hatch lean over and vomit . ... okay , no question . upsy-daisy , lady , it 's be a pleasure . the boy stand . we track muldrow as he advance slowly toward the door . in front of he each boy jump at a tap from the instructor . the line stop : ee one boy stand freeze in the hatchway , arm stretch up , finger hook around the upper frame of the hatch . a second tap ; he will not move . the instructor push ; the boy scream and he body bow out but he still do not jump . the instructor have to shout to be hear over the rush of air : instructor get the fuck off this aircraft , son ! 57 38 he curse , reach up and pries the boy 's finger loose 's give he the shoulder . the line procede . muldrow be in the open hatchway now . Bright , windy . muldrow look down . a tap on the back . meet he jump . as he tumble he be immerse in a deafen , but pitchless , rush of air . he throw he arm out and stabilize , but be still whipped by buffete wind . his shaking point-of-view show abstract earth far below , mostly green . one or two little plume of white -- parachute — be open . the intensity of the buffete — the flap of he flight suit — the roar of the wind~are increase . the all - powerful rush sound almost but not quite cover a insistent ching - ching - ching : muildrow 's altimeter . Arm shake by wind , muldrow reach unsteadily for he own chest . he find the ring , pull it . a snap of silk like a thunderclap bring a cut to : sie silence . White . we view be still aerial but now steady , float rather than shaking . only the faint ching of the altimeter have echoed over the cut , and it gradually die away . we be in Alaska , high up , look down . 4a Mountains glide beneath we , snow , outcropping rock . quiet . a great crash accompany a short cut : boot into earth , body landing , flap silk — muldrow open he eye . his body be rock . the great crash have reintroduce the clack of the train . . 59 he look curiously down at he own body . snow thinly layer he shirt , though it be not now snow . muldrow prop himself on he elbow . each long log be now also pattern with snow , thickest at the top of its curve , taper down the side . muldrow get to he knee , look out at the countryside . even 's last light be retain by the fresh snow thinly layer the ground . later it be night . muldrow ride atop the shudder log with he knee hugge to he chest , gaze out at the pass scenery . his point-of-view show light intermittently flash through the intervene tree ; we be pass a town or small city . here the tree limb be more heavily laden with snow . with a screech of steel the train start to brake . muldrow throw a hand out to brace himself . from the locomotive far ahead there be a brief whistle blast . the train , with sound of metal stress , gradually slow to a stop . muldrow rise and look forward . all that 's visible in the dark of night be the ghostly line of tree retreate on either side . there be a rumble of several beat ' duration . the rumble be from some distance away ; its vibration , however , generate rock and squeak the length of the train . a moment of silence . es the train abruptly lurch into motion again . muldrow almost lose he balance , grab a stake to one side to steady himself . Metal screech again but the train be not really accelerate ; after a slow huffing advance of a few yard , it stop again . silence , and then a repeat of the distant rumble . now , very faintly , we hear voice . another brief advance of the train , which muldrow be this time prepare for . as the train once again stop , he can now make out some activity around a stakebe car many car ahead . under a see ol 60 barsh unshield worklight , man be move at the ’side of the train . as the fence siding on the stakebe car be sprung and swing down , its cargo of timber , with a great vibrate rumble , roll out and down a incline at the side of the track . the train lurch into motion again . when it stop this time , muldrow vault off the back side of the car . he pad across the desert track on the far side of the lurching car , across the newly fall snow . outskirt of town it be desert and only dimly light by by street light . muldrow walk in the shadow , hugging the low buiding . up ahead headlight sweep a turn and a japanese Army six - by-six round the corner and cruise silently towards he . muldrow put he head down and keep walk . the truck approach and muldrow sneak a look to the side as it glide quietly past , tire squeaking on the snow . under the truck bed 's canvas canopy soldier sit doze . the truck have leave tire track in the fresh snow up the center of the street . muldrow listen for the sound of the truck receed behind he but the snow have muffle everything . after a moment he risk a look back . the truck taillight be recede silently up the street . still walk , muldrow watch back over he shoulder for a beat , and then , as he look forward , find that he be face : a old woman in black , a sack over she shoulder . she have be bear silently down the center — of the street , have appear out of nowhere : though the street be straight , and she footprint stretch straight behind she , she be closer than seem consistent with muldrow 's brief look back — perhaps ten foot away . both he and the woman stop , too surprised to do anything but stand and stare at each other , each hold a sack ~a distort mirror image . she open she mouth , still stare at he . 61 he hold up a calming hand . she scream — a dry , rasp scream that stand out in the snow - mute quiet . muldrow look back around .. up the street the truck have stop . with a faint grind of gear it start to turn . muldrow look quickly about , and run . before plunging into a alley he brief look up the street show : a few soldier hopping out of the back of the truck as it finish its u- tum ; the truck then start to accelerate towards he . he head up a narrow alley border on either side by high wooden fencing . truck sound and then agitate voice stand out in the quiet behind he . he give a door in the alleyway he shoulder : it do not give . a brief glance show that the truck be enter the alley . he resume he sprint toward its far end . he corner onto the intersect street and start backtrack along it . two soldier , rifle hold loosely across they chest , appear around the comer ahead and trot towards muldrow , have make the run across a alley parallel to he . one of they shout what be clearly a command at muldrow . both man ready they gun . behind muldrow , the truck be emerge from the alley . muldrow slow to a walk , look in front , look behind . ' the pair of soldier in front }ower they rifle as they see that muldrow no longer mean to flee . muldrow and the man walk towards each other ; at the repeat of the japanese command muldrow shrug incomprehension , put up he hand . as he meet the two soldier , one abruptly swing he rifle stock up into muldrow 's face . black 62 in the black , there be engine noise . muldrow rocking with the motion of the truck . he lie on the floor of the back of the truck . his face be batter ; blood mix with saliva leak from he mouth . he struggle to look around , realize he movement be inhibit . his arm be tie behind he back . the soldier on the u-shape bench be visible only as pair of uniform boot ; we do not see they face . one of they , alert by muldrow 's head movement that he be awake , stand , unsteady by the movement of the truck , kick he a couple of time , yell , and then reseat himself . the engine noise be a deep rumble ; we also hear the clink of chain . muldrow now see that one pair of boot , just next to he , be wear by a soldier in leg manacle . muldrow 's eye shift to look steeply up . like muldrow , this soldier have be beat . from he posture and the set of he shoulder it be clear that he too have he hand bound behind he . the truck be downshift . some kind of toplight play down on the bed 's canvas top . the truck come to a halt . the truck 's gate be lower . a officer , less dishevel than the soldier in the truck , be look in . he speak a few word to they , receive a answer , speak harshly to the prisoner seat by muldrow and turn to walk into the background . the prisoner , apparently respond to instruction , rise and walk awkwardly , clinking , to the tailgate . hand bound , it be impossible for he to climb down . he hesitates , either try to figure out how to do so , or wait for help . a soldier behind he shove he forward and he pitch down and disappear to land out of we view , presumably face - first on the ground . Soldiers dismount and one of they grab a shoulder of the prisoner and half -haul , half - kick he toward the officer wait in the background . a soldier be scream at muldrow , who do not respond . a couple of kick bring he to he foot . he go to the tailgate , jump . 63 exterior he land on pavement and aimost keep he foot , but not quite . he roll onto he side . more kick get he the hisfeet -- ~ ue he be escort to where the officer be now scream at the japanese prisoner . the prisoner do not respond , he head hang in mute shame . the officer hit he in the face with some kind of truncheon . the man stagger but stay on he foot . the officer turn to muldrow , scream at he in japanese . then , two word of English : Officer what you ? what you ? muldrow do not answer , receive a bash in the face . the officer reach to he neck , pull off he dog tag , look at they . he shake they in muldrow 's face , shouting something again in japanese . he pace in front of the two man , decide , yell a instruction . vee the japanese prisoner hunker awkwardly down to he knee . he crouch , lean forward , hand behind he back . the officer repeat the command to muldrow , emphasize it with another blow to the face . muldrow kneel , drool blood from he wounded mouth . the officer be draw a sword . muldrow look over at the man kneel next to he . the man tum he head to look at muldrow . he be quite close . sweat drip off he face . his face be batter ; he look be neutral . '' e the man look back down at the ground . his breath vaporize in the air but he sweat continue to drip onto the cold ground . we hear the whoosh of the sword blade cut the air and the head of the japanese soldier separate from he body and hit the ground with a dull thunk . 64 his neck gout blood as the body twist slowly , and then almost gently relax from its kneel position to flop into the dirt . muldrow look down at the ground . the boot of the japanese officer and the tip of he sword enter frame . he be scream at muldrow . the officer 's toe dig in as he plant himself . the sword rise out of frame . he repeat he question . after a long silent beat , he plant foot relax . he issue instruction to the other soldier . mutdrow be abruptly haul to he foot and shove back toward the truck . later muildrow be once again on the floor of the move truck . one soldier sit in back now , stare at he , gun hold casually in he lap . muldrow grimace and move he shoulder to relieve the stress on he bound wrist . with this the soldier jump to he foot and scream at muldrow as he take the two step over to he . the soldier kick at he ; muldrow stop move . the soldier straighten , steady himself with a arm against the side of the truck , reseat himself . he be stare sourly at muldrow . muldrow return he stare . the truck bump onto a uneven surface , continue rumbling along . muldrow stare at the soldier . now , very deliberately it seem , he again twist he shoulder , as if to find a more comfortable position . it again bring the soldier scream off the bench . he kick at muldrow , he gun point down at he . . muldrow 's leg be draw into he chest , as if to protect himself from the blow , place himself in a almost in a fetal position . at length the soldier back away and once again reach with a hand to steady himself as he begin to sit down . just as he start to sit muldrow kick outward as hard as he can . there be the crunch of bone and ligament give way in the soldier 's knee . the soldier drop to he good knee in front of the bench . 65 as he be bring he rifle around muldrow kick out again , heel into chest . the man be drop away , out of sight . muldrow drag himself hurriedly and awkwardly along the floor ; the man 's twist foot be now in front of he eye , he body stretch away towards muldrow 's foot . muldrow kick , experimentally but with force . he be kick shoulder ; he adjust ; he kick the prone man 's head , as hard as he can , many time . the man 's neck now give limply under the blow ; he foot have stop writhe . a cautious pause . both muldrow 's body and the soldier 's seem to jog only with the movement of the truck . muldrow move to get some distance . with camp affort_he sit ; un rreathine heavilv_he look at the nrastrate soli , : the man be a limp body ; no sign of life . muldrow draw he knee up to he chest , curling as tightly as he can . he angle he heel over the rope bind he hand , use he foot to push down on and wriggle over the rope . his hand be now in front of he . he tilt they this way and that in order to examine the knot . his breath start to slow . he choose a spot , bring the knot to he mouth and start work at it with he tooth . minute later hand free now , muldrow pick up the soldier 's rifle and look at it . it be a bolt action . he open the breech , see it hold a round , close it . he look at the soldier 's bady . he stand unsteadily on the bed of the move truck , he back to the tailgate . he bring the rifle to he shoulder and point it at the canvas front of the truckbed , towards the cab . he fire . he hear the simultaneous phht ! of canvas and twank ! of bullet through metal . after the shortest beat the truck brake , hard . muldrow brace himself as it brake and , once the vehicle be halt , draw back into the dark comer of the truckbed , he rifle at the ready , face the rear . a they ee a wh tne unth the 66 engine . at length , we hear a door of the cab open . the truck list ever so slightly as a man step out onto the run board , then onto the ground . a short beat , and then another man step down . muldrow sit stare at the patch of road visible over the tailgate . silence , then a enquire voice from outside . muldrow sit wait . the enquire word , perhaps a name , be repeat , louder . quiet . a soldier appear at the leave comer of the tailgate , rifle swinging in , fire into the truck . almost simultaneously the second soldier appear at the right comer , also hook he rifle around . muldrow 's first , unhurry shot be at the soldier on the leave and it hit he in the face and flip he back . he must throw the bolt and he second shot be hurried . the man on the right scream and be swinging he rifle toward he and fire just as muldrow do . muldrow 's shot hit the soldier in the chest and make he drop back out of view . muldrow , apparently unhit , go to the gate , throw the bolt , and look down . the soldier be on he hand and knee , beginning to crawl out towards the center of the road . muldrow fire down on he . the impact slap the man down onto the road , but he still weakly move . muldrow throw the bolt again and pull the trigger . click . muldrow throw open the breech to look when — - oo the dull engine rumble , and the vibration beneath he foot , stop . now there be quiet , through which we hear only forest insect and the liquid breath of the man in the road . muldrow think . he look at the dead man below he to he leave . his rifle lie on the ground at the end of he outflung hand . the man to the right be make extremely slow progress into the street , he rifle leave behind . ~~ -- & 67 we can not feel or hear movement from the cab of the truck , muldrow decide . he bend down to the soldier inside the truck and pull he bayonet out of the scabbard at he belt . he reach up and slice a vent in the canvas top between two rib . still hold the bayonet in one hand , he make the short stand jump up and catch a roof rib with the other hand . he chin himself easily with the one hand , reach to set the bayonet on the roof outside with the other , and then use both hand to pull himself up onto the canvas . truck exterior muldrow slide to the front of the roof and look down at the roof of the cab below of he . he sit , wait , think , as do no doubt the invisible man below he . at great length , a hand reach out of the leave window . it cautiously tilt the side view mirror , scan the road to the side of the truck . after a moment the hand withdraw . a head appear ; the man be look back at the weakly crawl soldier near the rear of the truck . muldrow wait . the top of the man 's head be motionless as he stare . at length it draw back into the cab . there be a beat , and then the faintest squeak of upholstery . his hand appear out of the leave window , adjust its mirror . the hand withdraw . the door on this side be carefully open , with as little noise - as the soldier can manage . a rifle protrude , and then the soldier himself , ease himself down onto the run board . one hand hold the rifle ; one arm 'extend for balance to the open door as the soldier start he step down towards the ground , craning to look around towards the back . muldrow jump . as he fall on he he try to plant the bayonet at the junction of the man 's shoulder and neck . the two land in confusion in the dirt . . muldrow 's hand be still wrap around the bayonet mount , the blade of which be in the man 's body . muldrow twist and grind . the mount snap off in he hand . 68 he rise to he foot , as do the scream soldier . ' both of the soldier 's hand go up to claw futilely at the piece of blade project from he collarbone . muldrow stoops for the man 's rifle . the soldier , still scream , step on it , kick muidrow away . eee muldrow reach for the man 's waist , for he own bayonet . as the soldier slap at he ineffectually with one hand , the other still scrabbling at he shoulder , muldrow pull out the bayonet . he stab the man with it . with this bayonet plant in he midsection the scream soldier turn and stumble down the toadbed , off towards the wood . muldrow go to the dead soldier behind the truck and pick up he rifle . he go back to the roadside at the front of the truck . the recede scream have stop ; now there be only the intermittent crackle of brush from the disappear soldier . muldrow take one step off the road in he direction , stop , decide not to bother . he go back to the dead soldier and haul he to the roadside and send he tumble down the declivity . he go to the second soldier , still weakly move , fire down at the back of he head , and dispose of he the same way . interior cab muldrow climb in behind the wheel . he look around . the key be in the ignition . his bag of feather be down in the passenger legwell . he pull it up , rummages inside . he pull out he map , compass , knife ; satisfied that they be still there , he stuff they all back in . he briefly look over the gear shift and dash . he turn the key in the ignition . the truck 's deep , rumbling idle resume . with it come a high tinkling sound . muldrow look at the dash . his dogtag hang from a knob , vibrate with the truck . 69 he slip they off the knob , then onto he own neck . - he experimentally put the truck in gear . later it be early mome . muldrow be drive . we be move through a area of low-lying hill . the snow on the ground be deeper here . muldrow giance at the dash . some kind of gauge — presumbaly fuel — have a needle point about midway . there be a oxcart ahead ; muldrow pass it . its driver 's broad black hat tum as he pass , look at the truck . it be the only other vehicie on the road . later later in the day . there be intermittent vehicle here ; it be a industrial area ; perhaps the outskirt of a town . the windshield be beginning to fog . muldrow lean forward and wipe it . smokestack belch black smoke from the factory - like building . the road be beginning to fill with pedestrian , bicycle tri-shaws , and the occasional batter car or truck that feed onto the macadam from load dock and rough dirt lane . muldrow can see that he be about to cross a small suspension bridge into a much busier area . he slow down , but there be nowhere to tum off . behind he a horn sound and a muddy truck pull out and pass he . muldrow look in the side mirror . what appear to be a bus load with worker rumble up behind he . the bus be so full that worker hang on the run board or sit on the roof breathe the sooty air through little white surgical mask . muldrow accelerate the truck over the suspension bridge . ss 70 muidrow be now in the center of a small city . traffic teem all around he , but the height of the cab afford he some protection from be see . in traffic , the truck have slowed to a crawl . muldrow take the silk map out of he pocket and , with one hand , spread - it - out on the seat next to he . the map show a city near the top of the island bisect by a river : morioka . there be a sharp rap at the truck door . muldrow look up . no one be there . he hear a similar rap now some distance away and look in the side view . a child be walk away down the line of creep vehicle , bang on each with a stick as he pass . there be more bang from up ahead : another child be run toward we , also with a stick , maybe try to catch up with he friend . he bang on the hood of muldrow 's truck , then hop up onto the run board . he look at muldrow , register surprise and hop back down . muldrow twist around , try to find the boy , keep one eye on the traffic in front of he . suddenly the boy reappear at the window , smile . another boy , even young , hop up next to he . they point at muidrow , jabber merrily . the older boy point he stick like a gun at muldrow and make a fire sound : bop - bop -bop -bop -bop . they hop down and run away , laugh . later still in town , muldrow glance at he compass on the seat next to he . he tum leave at a intersection to make he bear more northerly . he wipe the windshield , fogging over again . up ahead of he be another military vehicle - a transport somewhat like he own . 71 he look in the side view . more vehicle be join he , behind , pull in from the right . he be in the middle of a military convoy . lack a alternative , he drive on . later Close on the compass show that we be still move north . it be still day , but shadow be lengthen . we be no longer in the city . muldrow grind on , in the middle of the convoy . he reach forward , wipe the windshield clean . all that 's visible be the one truck directly in front . he roll down the fogge side window to look at the side mirror . truck follow behind . the truck ahead be slow ; muldrow downshift . the truck ahead be pull over , slow further . muldrow , hand on the gearshift , hesitates . he decide : he upshifis , steer to the center of the road to clear the stop vehicle . '' = he pass it as it slow to a stop . ahead of it be another vehicle , also pull over . muldrow glance in the side view . the truck behind be slow , pull over behind the one that muldrow have just pass . he be still pass park vehicle ; the whole line ahead of he have stop . he keep to a steady but not high speed . he glance to the side as he pass truck . Soldiers disembark from some of the cab , casually circle they truck . gne or two of they look at he on vehicle as it pass but none , it seem , with particular concern . he look in he side view mirror . one truck from midway back have not pull over , but follow in the middie distance . muldrow keep to he pace , top a hill , descend . after a beat the follow truck appear over the same hill , start to descend . muldrow 's hand vibrate on the gearshift . he keep to ‘his pace , keep one eye on the truck follow at the same speed . at length it tum right onto a intersect lane , and disappear . _ we muldrow relax , continue drive . later there be no more direct sun ; it be near dusk , and overcast . the road now be barely a track in the snow . it follow the contour of the roll hilis , which be themselves barely define in the snow . landscape and sky be the same gray tone ; the dull green of the canvas - cover truck be the only thing move and the only object of color in the environment . a headwind have pick up , buffete the truck and flap the canvas . at the crest of a hill muldrow stop the truck , climb out , stand in the snow at the side of the road . he be face the direction the truck be head , into the wind . it beat back he hair , make he squint , make the canvas snap loudly and continuously . there be nothing to see in front of he but a mist-diffuse and undifferentiated gray . the mist damp he face . he stick he tongue out to run it over he upper lip , taste it . he breathes in , deeply . & interior truck bed muldrow climb in , stretch out on the floor , use the bag of feather as a pillow . fade out later muldrow open he eye . 73 the back area of the truck be now a almost glowirig gice , light by direct sunlight hit the canvas . muldrow sit up , listen : a deep , steady , rhythmic sound . breaker . muidrow climb out . exterior truck it be mome . as we look at muldrow in close - up , the landscape behind he now look completely different . Blue clowdless sky meet the land in a hard seam and the white hill be perfectly define by the sunlight . the sound of the breaker be sharper here outside the truck . muldrow be look fixedly off . the reverse show he point of view : below he be glitter blue sea , meeting flat blue sky . muldrow look intently . a longer lens point of view show that the shimmer sea horizon be break , directly in front of we , by a dull grey patch -- land , soften by great distance . night we be close on muldrow , gaze intently at something off . he be flat on he belly peer over a low rise . we can faintly hear a clunking bell , echoing over water . there be voice nearby , and a scraping sound . se . his point-of-view show that he be now down at the beach , a small gravel beach apparently protect since there be no heavy breaker here . the voice be from two man , one of whom be drag a small boat off the gravel out into the water . the other man be dump in fishing net . when the boat be pull out far enough to be waterborne , the man clamber in . a bell mount on its stern dully clunk , a light lantern be mount on its prow . 74 Beyond they , at vary distance out to sea , we can’ste -q few other fishing hoat . visihle onthe | moonless water only by virtue of they yellow lantern . the surface of the water be define only by glint of starlight . muldrow wait for the two man to get some distance out , the clunk of they bell recede , before wes he show himself and walk onto the beach . perhaps a half - dozen more small fishing boat be ground there , unguard , muldrow walk along the line , look into they . he pull a length of rope out of one boat and drop it into another along with he bag , and drag it into the water , its bell thunking . later muldrow be at sea , paddle kayak - style by mean of two oar that he have lash together . his bell clunk with the swell of the sea . a few other lantern light be visible , none of they very close . a japanese voice stand out , carry with a eery clarity over the surface of the water . muldrow look ; its source must be the nearest lantern light . after a moment the voice repeat its phrase , a few extra word throw in at the end . oe muidrow hesitates . he set down the kayak blade and , hand on gunwale , shuffles toward the ~~ front of he boat . he take out he flint . he open the lantern door and , after a couple of try , get it light , he go back to the stern and resume paddle . he shoot the occasional glance at the other lantern light . all we hear be the placid clung of its bell ; the voice do not return . later we be close on the familiar ornate N of muldrow 's compass , light by feeble yellow light ; its needle waver and align . wider on muldrow show that he be rock with the motion of the boat , not paddle but gaze down at the compass in he hand , which he have tilt forward to catch the lantern light . he look up from the compass into the sky his point of view show star , many star , very bright . no moon . muldrow continue to look . a closer field show fewer star ; one of they be particularly bright - something to navigate by . 75 we hear the sharp slan of a wave hit the side of the boat and the lantern pitch slishtly the 76 muldrow , still paddle , stare at it . the bird abruptly take flight , its wing beat awkwardly at first , and then smoothly as it become airborne . it be head directly away . its dull white shape become less and less distinct as it recede , and then be swallow by the blackness . the sound of its beat wing have also recede . but now muldrow stop paddle to listen : barely audible over the lap of water against the boat be a familiar low , rhythmic sound : breaker . shore muldrow be walk away from the boat , which he have leave beach . day we be look at hoofprint in the snow . the camera tilt up to reveal the path that the animal have take , across a snow - cover field and into the wood . muldrow , who have be hunch over examine the print , stand and walk over to a small sapling . he stow he bag under the tree , then take out he knife and strip a long , straight branch from near the base of the tree . later muldrow walk quietly through the wood , stalking the animal . in he right hand he holdsa | makeshift spear -- he knife lash to the end of the tree branch . ; there be a high chirp sound and muldrow pause at the edge of a clear , look up into the tree . ' White , shorthaire monkey with puffy muttonchop and startle expression be hopping from limb to limb , raise a ruckus . muldrow smile at the unfamiliar and amusing sight . his attention be draw by snort and the sound of many foot gallop through snow : 77 about fifteen shaggy grayish animal that look like some kind of mountain goat , be charge directly towards he . they hom be lower as they run ; muldrow ready he spear . he pick one out as they draw near - ~- the biggest one — and prepare to stab . he react to something odd : |. the goat have a arrow bury in its shoulder , bob with he motion as he tun , like a picador 's jance ina bull . blood flow from the fresh wound . muldrow stab at the animal , withdraw , and stab again . the beast around he be milling ; they start to turn and run the other way , in the direction they come from . the goat injure by muldrow and the arrow straggle behind , plunging with effort through the snow , look about ready to drop . muldrow stab at the animal again from behind . there be a loud scream -- not from the animal . it be a human scream . it repeat . muldrow look . up ahead the other goat be milling and but at something on the ground . '' the muldrow run up and wade in . a down hunter , dress in skin , be try to beat the animal off . muldrow stab at the goat ; they start to disperse . one butt he ineffectually but immediately he be hit from the other side . this second goat have bury one horn in the meaty part of muldrow 's thigh . it waggle its head , tear up the wound . muldrow scream , drop he spear . the goat be push up , force the leg up and almost tipping muldrow off he foot . muldrow ball a fist and swing down , bang the animal on its snout . he place two hand on top of its head and push away . se the goat waggle its head away ; the horn disengage . the goat bound off . the goat have leave ; the two man be alone . the hunter on the ground unball himself and stand . he do not seem to be badly hurt . he and muldrow stare at each other . 78 the man be clad in fur and , although clearly japanese , be also somewhat aboriginal look . he be a older man and have a whisp of a white beard and very weathered skin . after a long stare beat , he simply turn and walk off through the snow . muldrow , hand clamp to he wound , watch he go . he stoops to scoop snow and pack it against he bloody leg . he hobble over to the goat which be now die in the snow , blow loud and bloody breath through its nose . muldrow sink to he knee behind the animal . he draw its head back and slit its throat . minute later muldrow sit in the same spot , eat meat from the dead animal . it be partly skinned , hide slit and partly peel away to expose flesh . he wolf down the meat , barely chew , blood drip down he face . later _ the last ray of sunlight be slant through the tree . limp badly now , muldrow be just finish a makeshift lean - to , make from branch he have stripped from the surround tree . he look down at he injure leg . a deep puncture wound be still ooze blood out of a purple bruise . muidrow scoops up another handful of snow and pack it into the wound . mo G a os sunlight dapple muldrow as he sleep in the lean -to . he be cover by the blood -crust hide of the slain mountain goat . he open he eye . sunlight stream in through the branch and leave . muldrow squint against the light . 79 through the branch , eye -- oriental eye - look back ’ar he . whoever it be be stand very still . muldrow shift he eye to another part of the lean -to . another pair of eye . - - sm muldrow struggle up to he elbow . village muldrow be be lead in on a litter drag by a horse . people come out to look at he as he pass . they look be curious , not hostile . there be shout from behind muldrow , the direction in which he horse be travel . he crane to look . a dead bear be be drag on its back in the opposite direction by mean of a rope attach to its bound hind leg . as it be pull along its body leave a great furrow in the snow . muldrow 's horse be stop in front of a hut . one of the man escort he stoops by the litter and indicate by gesture that he will help he up . muldrow throw a arm over he shoulder . interior hut muldrow hobby in with the help of the man and be ease down onto the bed . muldrow 's head loll back . he look up . over he head a huge , shaggy bear head be mount to the wall . we hear the sonorous note of a drum . close on a young man stripped to the waist , wear only a white loin cloth , he be beat on a huge drum . muldrow be sit on the ground inside a long low - ceiling lodge fill with the people from the village . 80 in the middle of the lodge a man be dance in a smali ' circle , clad in bear hide and wear a huge shaggy headdress make from the head of a bear . the other villager clap they hand or shake long pole top with the skull of various animal . I the old man whom muldrow help earlier , now sit next to he , clap and grin at muldrow , want , it seem , to encourage he to enjoy the spectacle . while the dancer be stil ! perform , two bear cub be bring in in a cage . they pace uneasily inside . the dancer dance in front of the cub . he chant something at they , seem to ask a question . the celebrant be laugh . the old man next to muldrow laugh as well , again check on muldrow to see whether he be enjoy himself . the bear cub ' pace with even more agitation under the attention of the dancer , who continue to chant at they . another man shake a bow and arrow at the two bear ; another still reach into the cage , rattles a beartooth necklace in front of one of the cub , then loop it around its neck . the disturb cub start bawling , racing from one end of the cage to the other , rise onto two foot to rest its forepaw against the bar , then drop again to race to the other side . drink be be pass around . muldrow take the jug offer by the old man , swallow some and , to the old man 's amusement , react to its strength , and then pass it on . someone open the cage and the cub wear the necklace be bring out . the dancer shake a skull at it and chant . the cub bawl . the cub be lassoed . the celebrant , especially the child , laugh and clap . they follow as the cub be yank off its foot and drag to a upright pole . some of the child be shoot _ arrow at it , apparently dull , for they merely bounce off . . the cub be shove against the pole which be hang with color ribbon . the dancer have follow , still talk to the bear . as he talk , other man bring in thick pole which they use to force the bear up to its foot and chock its head as it be tie in place . they now make way as another man with bow and arrow take he place a few pace in front of the bear . the dancer back away from the bear , still chant at it , as the archer draw back he bow and aim . it be a shot to the center of the bear 's chest . it howl and twitches , but only briefly , and as the 81 audience cheer and the child and some of the man nish in with club and swat at the cub , it be unclear whether they be kill it or it be already dead . morning moe we it be very early morning . the village street have the quiet of a morning after . interior muldrow's hut muldrow be up and dress — probably the only person in the village who be . he be stropping he knife . he hunch down and eat a handful of rice from a small earthernware bow ! that have be place by he bed . STREET muldrow stick he head cautiously out of the door to he hut . he emerge carry he bag , walk stiffly . he walk towards the lodge — the village 's only large building . interior lodge muldrow enter . the one bear cub be still in its cage . it stir at muldrow 's entrance . the only person in the lodge be the old man-muldrow 's friend - who tum to look . see muldrow on he foot , he smile and clap a welcoming . . , . as muldrow walk towards the man and the cage , the bear cub rise and begin its agitate pace . the old man say something to muldrow and then pantomime bring food to he mouth , & inquire if muldrow be hungry . muldrow walk up to he and , without break stride , plunge the knife into he neck . he hold it in , still , for a moment , then twist and shake it . he pull it out and the old man drop . 82 with the gush of blood the bear cub start bay : '' muldrow open its cage . it back away ; muldrow reach in and grab a fistful of fur and haul it out . once out , he kick it towards the open door . exterior the village street , as before , except that now the bear cub scamper away toward the wood , kick up snow as it run . after a moment muidrow emerge from the lodge . he start down the street in the same direction as the bear , but hesitates . he look up and down the street . a line of hut , one much like the next . muidrow go to the nearest one and cautiously open the door . interior hut it be dim -- window shutter ~ - and smokey . there be shape of body on pallet on the floor , very close to each other . four man , asleep . muldrow squat at the head of one man . he look at the man . the man be lie on he back , he mouth open , one arm outflung . muldrow cover he mouth with one hand . the man 's eye open and widen . muldrow stab he in the throat . he move to the next man . exterior after a beat muldrow emerge from the hut . again he look up and down the street . the line of hut . a long , consider beat . muldrow finally tum and walk towards the wood . we . 83 later it be now full day . we be look down at snow , tracking forward . the snowfield be mark by two track : one set of track be a pair of fresh , very define animal track ; next to it be footprint , point the same direction that we be . we hear the crunch of foot in the snow and finally overtake the boot that be leave the human track , a low pull reverse show that it be muldrow , gaze down at the animal track which he follow . suddenly he slow , puzzle . we forward track on the ground leave muldrow behind as it follow the animal track ~ which abruptly end , without disturbance in the snow , as if the animal have simply vaporize . muldrow be stop , look . at length he resume walk . his footstep crunch in the snow . it be otherwise quiet . the snowfield he be walk in be on a high plain , flat and clear of tree . muldrow pull out he compass to get a bear . Close on the compass show the needle find the familiar ornate n. muldrow look in the direction of the needle . High white mountain . he look back down at the compass . we hear a faint tinkting sound . muldrow look up . the bell sound , though delicate , be grow louder . he place the sound , look behind he , then back around again as its source shoot over ‘his head : it be a hawk , a bell around its neck , bear a dead rodent in its beak . it be head north . later look down at the ground , tracking again , muldrow be emerge from tree into a clear . 84 ahead of he a flap of wing and the bell sound agaiit a disturb hawk - another one , or the same ?~ be rise from the carcass of a rabbit , which it leave behind . muldrow watch as it rise and then circle , apparently watch he . muldrow cross to the rabbit , pick up its limp body , examine it . he resume walk , with the rabbit . the tinkling hawk , see that its prey have be appropriate , head north , on the same bear as muldrow . a house a crude wooden house in a clear that end , on its far side , in a vertical drop . Beyond it be sea . smoke plume from a hole in its roof . a reverse show muldrow halt , look at the house . he start toward it . interior house a as muldrow push open a rough wooden door and step into the dark interior . the only light come from a couple of smal ! window at the front of the house . a black cast iron pot bubbles over a fire on a old wood stove against the far wall . muldrow cross the room , still hoid the rabbit , look at a low wooden table in the center of the room . on it , a bowl of rice and a smoking candle . motion in a dim comer of the room draw muldrow 's attention . ~~ wee a man sit on the floor , swaddle in hide and rag . he get to he foot and move haltingly to muldrow , ; it be clear from he gait that he be old . as he draw near we see that he be clean -shaven , unlike the bear people , with a brown and deeply crease face . he look with frank curiosity at muldrow , then down at the rabbit . he ask something . muldrow shrug . the old man point at the rabbit , then at the pot . 85 muldrow V will clean ‘er . he flop the rabbit onto the table and sit . he take out he knife and start skin it . the old man sit slowly across from he . he look patiently , matter - of - factly , from muldrow to the rabbit he clean . muldrow finish pull the skin off . he gut the animal . he cut the animal head off . he start slice the meat off the bone . the old man take the piece of meat as they be cut free and drop they in the pot by the table . later the two man be finish eat . muldrow rise , look around a little self - consciously , then nod at the old man . the old man nod back , say something . muldrow turn and head for the door . another word from the old man stop he ; the old man be get laboriously to he foot . he shuffles over to muldrow and pluck he sleeve . hanging onto the sleeve he shuffles to the door and out into the snow . exterior cabin the old man bring muldrow around a comer of the cabin . two enormous hawk be tethere to a wooden perch . leather hood cover they eye . they head bob at the sound of approach footstep , and as they do so they sound the small bell at they neck . . , the old man be say something to muldrow as he lead the way to the animal . he stop and drape something like a small leather apron over one forearm . he raise the forearm to the perch . he bump it against one bird 's talon . the hawk respond . it step blindly from the perch onto the old man 's arm . the old man remove the bird 's hood . the bird look around , bell tinkling . 86 muldrow stare . the bird 's head swivel to fix he with its grey - fleck orange eye . a lid blink over it once , twice . the head swivel away . the old man be still talk . he gently dip he arm . the bird hop off and drop momentarily as it spread its wing , then beat they into flight . it tis , circle only briefly , and head south . the old man be still talk as he shuffles back to the front of the cabin . he lower himself cautiously into a break down old chair in front of the house ; in its dilapidate state it tilt he body back at a comfortable angle , like a adirondack chair . he close he eye and relax in the sun . muldrow look back at the bird still on the perch , still hood , ease its weight from foot to foot . later it be late afternoon ; the sunlight be warmer , shadow , longer . st the old man still sit in the sun in the same beachside posture , he flesh almost glow in the ae die sunlight . he open he eye . there be the faint bell sound , grow louder . the old man stand . he flop the leather apron onto he forearm . the return hawk alight on he arm . the old man call muldrow over . he be talk again ; as he talk he point at the bird . muldrow look . the talon wrap around the leather guard be slick and red . muldrow look up . the bird 's orange eye return he look ; blink ; its head swivel . its beak be fleck red ; a drop of blood collect at its tip and drop . 87 interior cabin itis night . muldrow lie on the ground , cover with a animal skin , light only by a flicker from the stove . we hear mutter . the old man be shuffle around the cabin putter , in what be probably a nightly ritual . he mutter to himself as he fuss with this and that . finally he go to a corner where he pallet be , grunt as he lower himself onto it , pull a skin over himself , and sigh . the cabin be quiet . fade out exterior win nan elvan ee ecm nee at the ek 88 we be in another high snowfield . the fall snow soften the perimeter of tree , make they ghostlike . the mountain beyond be the merest hint of . shape . we hear the faint but now familiar tinkle of the hawk 's bell before we actually see the bird . as the sound grow more distinct the bird materialize in the fall snow . sr just over muldrow 's head it backbeat its wing heavily . muldrow raise he arm to give ita perch . , its foot descend ; its talon be about to curl over the leather . the instant before they do : there be a dull flat crack , muldrow stumble backward and fall into the snow , dog tag clinking . the hawk beat quickly upwards : a fast crane up give its point-of-view of muldrow spiraling away in the snow below . Close on muldrow show he reacting to the shot ; he have be hit in the chest . he look to the side . his low angle dutch point-of- view show man just start to materialize in the snow , walk the towards he . muldrow look up . his point- of-view up show snow fall straight down , and the hawk circle above , watch . . muldrow ( voice -over ) for most of you flight be not in you , and never will be in you . even when you be in a aircraft it 's not in you . but the great thing about bird , especially if they be predator , be that anyone who love they , who understand they ; he mind , he imagination can fly with they . I do not think God himself could ever want anything more . . . be he look back down , across the field . ' the same low dutch angle show the man draw nearer . they carry gun ; they be soldier , in white winter gear . muldrow look up again at the hawk . a extreme high angle , look down , give the hawk 's point - of -view . snow drop dead away ; 89 far below , muldrow lie in the middle of the field as the 'soldier approach . ... when I tell you this , just say that it come from a voice in the wind : a voice within a voice , which do not make a sound . . . we go back to muldrow . his point- of-view show the soldier arrive , we low angle be extremely steep on the nearest man , who be draw a sword . ... [ be in the place I try to get to . I be in it and J have it . and I will be everywhere in it from now on . . . the man cock the sword high over he head . there be the tinkle of the circle hawk . ... you will be able to hear I just like you be hearing I now . . . he bring the sword down with a great whoosh and on impact we cut to white . ... you can pick it up any time it snow , or even just when the wind be from the north . everywhere in it , for the first time and the last , as soon as I close my eye . the tinkling bell near . with a whoosh the hawk enter frame . it shoot into the background and we slowly pan down with it as it recede , its shape seftene more and more by intervene snowfall . we easy adjustment down have bring horizon drift up into frame : distant mountain , very indistinct . the bird too become less distinct as it grow smaller , smaller , and finally merge into the landscape .