youth in revolt written by gustin nash July 13 , 2007 over black come the sound of deep heaving breaths . moist flesh flapping accompaniment . someone be beat off . a pause as the someone turn the page of a magazine . the beat off resume at a quickened pace . the squeaking of bed spring join in . another page be turn . feverish thumping until a male voice let out a quiet moan . the breathe gradually slow to normal and let out a relieved sigh of finality . nick ( v.o. ) my name ... be Nick . nick twisp , 16 , stare up at the ceiling . he 's glassy eye from the exertion ... int . nick be room - day ... sprawle on the bed , trousers around he ankle , a well thumbed issue of penthouse cover he private . nick ( v.o. ) my last name , which I loath , be twisp . Nick pull up he trousers and leap off the bed . he pull the drawer under he mattress out . nick ( v.o. ) the next thing you should know about I be that I be obsessed with sex . a view of the drawer reveal it to be fill with neatly file issue of penthouse and hustler . he put the most recently utilize magazine in its place . nick ( v.o. ) lately , I have become morbidly aware of my penis . Nick pose in front of the mirror , pants around he ankle again . he look at himself from various angle . nick ( v.o. ) once a remote region access indifferently for micturition , it have develop overnight into a gaudy Las Vegas of the body . we pan down , and where Nick 's crotch be suppose to be , there be a hole in the screen lead we to ... 2 . las vega of the body the pulsing neon sign outside the club read : nick's penis . we fly inside where we find a star-studded floor show . drunken conventioneers make out with stripper . a leopard leap through a burn hoop on stage . int . nick be room - moment later Nick type on a obsolete PC . nick ( v.o. ) I be enter the tenth grade at St. vitus Academy , which , I be tell , be the most rigorous prep school in the East Bay . hopefully I will be invite to join miss satron 's English literature class . a view of the book and CD on he shelf . nick ( v.o. ) I be a voracious reader and listen to Frank Sinatra . so needless to say , I be still a virgin . follow the curser on the monitor as he type the word - still a virgin . he pause in think , then continue . nick ( v.o. ) I have yet to hold hand with a girl , let alone have my winkie up she wendell . int . airplane ( 35,000 ft ) - day we move down a airplane aisle , past passengers sleep and chat . nick ( v.o. ) I be a only child except for my big sister joanie , who have leave the bosom of she family to sling hash at 35,000 foot . we reach the end of the aisle , where a buxom twenty - something , joanie twisp serve a beverage . int . estelle's kitchen - day liver fry in a pan . estelle twisp , 43 , cook and puff on a cigarette at the same time . 3. nick ( v.o. ) Mom give driver 's test at the Department of motor vehicle . Nick sit at the kitchen table read the paper . he watch with nausea as estelle pile liver onto he plate . nick ( v.o. ) she use to keep dad up to date on all the motor statute he be violate . this be one of the reason they get divorced . jerry , early 40' , saunter in wear a trucker do it in overdrive shirt and boxer . his gut hang over the elastic , but he be completely devoid of a ass . nick ( v.o. ) Mom 's boyfriend , Jerry be a long distance trucker , though he ultimate ambition be to be on state disability . Jerry absently smack estelle 's butt . waddle over to the breakfast table . he snatch the funny from the paper in Nick 's hand . nick ( v.o. ) I have be struggle to think of a commendable thing to say about Jerry . Jerry give a asinine chuckle at the cartoon . Nick glare . nick ( v.o. ) no luck . his grey matter register at cretin and the needle do not budge . ext . GEORGE twisp be home - day GEORGE twisp , 41 , scruffy and grey , water the foliage outside the house with a high power hose . nick ( v.o. ) dad be a copywriter for agricultural magazine . in the drive , Nick slave over the duty of wash the rim of he dad 's BMW 325i . nick ( v.o. ) he would like to own a more prestigious model of BMW , but , as he often remind I , he be burden with crippling child support payment . 4. Nick glance up and spot lacey , 20 , come up the drive toward he in a weensy bikini . her body have more outcropping than the coastline of albania . she continue past he and embrace George . nick ( v.o. ) lacey be dad 's latest bimbette . she be twenty and a recently mint alumna of stanfort . Super : ( stanfort Institute of cosmetology ) George and lacey exchange saliva shamelessly . Nick turn he attention back to the beamer . as the make out become heat grop , George 's grip on the hose slacken . Nick get blindside by the jet of water . int . nick be room - day we be back with Nick as he type on he computer . he look down at the tent in he boxer . CUT to : he pull open the drawer again - the pornography collection . nick's Pov of the room shaking , accompany by he heavy breathe . his eye float from the hustler to the pink wall of he room . nick ( v.o. ) my mother be the one who paint my room to look like dolly parton 's boudoir . she read this color be use in hospital to calm mental patient . Nick close he eye , he right arm move rhythmically . nick ( v.o. ) I will tell you what I tell she . I be not mentally ill . blackness . the masturbation reach its feverous climax . then the long moan and sigh of relief . nick ( v.o. ) I be just a teenager . and as Frank Sinatra 's until the real thing come along begin , we go to open credit . 5 . youth in revolt int . estelle's kitchen - day Nick regards Jerry from across the dining room table . there be the off-screen sound of a cretin slurping cheerios . reveal Jerry read Sports illustrate , scratch he ball with one hand and shoveling in cereal with the other . estelle be wash dish when she spy something out the window . estelle Jerry ? where do that car come from ? Jerry look over he shoulder and they all take a moment to appreciate the slab-side lincoln in the drive . jerry it 's a ' 62 lincoln convertible . like the one Kennedy be shot in . nick except he be black and yours be white . and dirty . jerry see that . I be go to take you and you mom for a spin after breakfast . but now I guess it will just be she and I . you have you smart mouth to thank for that . nick damn it . I guess I will just have to hang out all alone at the book depository . jerry the what ? estelle Jerry , I do not understand . what happen to the chevy - nova ? jerry sold it to a sailor on the alameda Naval Air base . a man should never own a car for more than three month , estelle . that way he always get the thrill of own a new automobile ! Jerry smile with cretin pride . Nick look to he mother and disturbingly enough , she seem turn on by he car-owner savvy . 6. ext . estelle's home - day Nick stand in the doorway watch as he mother wait for Jerry to open the passenger door for she . nick ( v.o. ) after spend twelve year with dad , Mom have have a string of lover , none of whom she have ask I to approve . Jerry fail to notice estelle wait and instead just climb in and chug he beer . estelle appear mildly disappointed before open the door herself . nick ( v.o. ) I be start to think she boyfriend be like U.S. president . as Jerry pull out , he toss he beer bottle in the direction of the trash can at the end of the drive . nick ( v.o. ) just when you think they can not get any worse ... he miss and the bottle shatter on the pavement , but Jerry drive off anyway . nick ( v.o. ) ... she manage to find God 's perfect asshole . int . estelle's home - day on a tv screen Nick cycle through tivo and find the late night sex documentary he record . int . estelle's kitchen - moment later from the live room come the sound of a orgy and the jingle jangle of a belt buckle . then the ding - dong of the front doorbell . the jingle jangle pause and when the doorbell ring a second time , the orgy get mute . Nick enter the kitchen pull up he trousers . I /e. estelle's home - moment later the door be open to reveal two burly , tattooe sailor stand on the stoop . 7. they eye drift to Nick 's mid-section . Nick follow they eye to the belt buckle he neglect to fasten out of haste . he return he gaze to the sailor as he wrangle the belt . sailor # 1 be Jerry here ? nick he just leave . what 's up ? sailor # 1 what 's up be that hunk of shit chevy he sell we make it seventeen mile before the engine blow up . sailor # 2 and we find evidence of a banana in the transmission . the second sailor hold aloft the banana peel seal in a plastic bag . Nick glance to drive and regards the smoking chevy - nova with its camouflage paint job . a third sailor be rummage through the box in the open garage . he find some spray - paint and shake the can . Nick turn back to the sailor on the stoop . sailor # 1 so he owe we nine hundred dollar . nick well , I think he use that nine hundred dollar to buy he lincoln . he 's give my mom a joyride in it now . but he will be back this afternoon , so I would come back then . he 's pretty stubborn . you might have to beat it out of he . sailor # 1 that can be arrange . in the meantime we be leave the piece of shit in the driveway . with a note . Nick look one more time to the chevy as the third sailor finish painting the hood with the word : pay up or die . nick I like it . very to the point . well ... see you guy this afternoon ! the sailor nod , somewhat perplex by this kid 's demeanor . as they turn to go and Nick close the door ... 8. lefty ( v.o. ) I might have to kill myself . ext . hill above uc campus - day in the clear , a uc jock stand behind he asian girlfriend , kissing she neck and remove she clothes . nick ( v.o. ) I hope you have a good reason . reveal Nick and he friend lefty , 16 , belly down in the grass overlook the clear . lefty watch the copulate couple with a pair of binocular . lefty my sister say she see millie filbert hold hand with some college guy . nick I dunno , lefty . I think you sister be just wage psychological warfare . lefty well it 's work . what be I gonna do , Nick ? I be obsessed . I think about millie so much my ball ache . nick maybe you just not wack off enough . as if in response , lefty pass the binocular off to Nick and then turn over onto he back and unzip he pants . as lefty jerk it , Nick look with nonchalance ... through the binoculars the couple hump in the grass , she leg in the air . lefty ( o.s. ) so , I have be taping my pecker to my right leg at night . nick ( v.o. ) in case you have not hear , lefty 's erect member take a dramatic turn midway up the shaft . 9. lefty ( o.s. ) then I look at this issue of better Homes and garden that have a girl that look just like millie until it get good and hard . I think it 's start to straighten out . nick why do not you just have you parent take you to the dick doctor ? lefty ( o.s. ) be you kid ? it would kill they to know that I even get hard - on . nick still , you might want to get it fix before ask millie out . lefty ( o.s. ) true . what if I shove it up the wrong hole ? Nick give a dubious glance in lefty 's direction . nick ( v.o. ) lefty 's grasp of the female anatomy be somewhat tenuous ; he imagine there be orifice galore down there . int . estelle's kitchen - day jerry Nick , you little shit , get down here ! Jerry holler from the kitchen where estelle gape out the window . Nick calmly join they from upstairs . estelle Nick , do you know anything about this ? she point out the window and they all take in the chevy and the sailor ' oh-so - subtle note on the hood . nick oh , yeah . that sailor come by . they want they money back . I guess there be a banana in the transmission . jerry you tell they when I be come back ? 10 . nick now why would I do that ? Jerry seeth inwardly at Nick 's mock innocence . estelle what be you go to do , Jerry ? jerry I think I will go get the lincoln wash . estelle you be leave ? what happen when the sailor come back for he nine - hundred dollar ? jerry just tell he he buy the car with my standard guarantee . thirty day or thirty foot . whichever come first . I be in the right . and on cue come the ring of the doorbell and the simultaneous pound of angry navy fist on the back door . they peer out the window and find the fleet on the front step . nick oh , look . the sailor be here . Jerry first start to dart one way and then another , search for a hide space as he hiss . jerry get rid of they ! and then the front door get kick open and a mob of sailor pour in . Jerry flee . a handheld cam chase as he head for the back and be cut off by the sailor come in . Jerry bolt up the stair . nick Jerry , where be you go ? just tell they you be in the right . int . estelle's home - continuous they manage to grab Jerry by the leg and haul he down the stair . Jerry lose he grasp step by step , cry with a sound not unlike E.T. when the flashlight hit he in the cornfield . the two big guy with bad haircut hold Jerry off the ground while the earnstwhile chevy owner go through he pocket . 11 . sailor # 1 sixty - three lousy dollar . jerry that 's my life savings ! one of the sailor poke Jerry in the gut hard and he whimper . estelle do not hurt he ! Nick , call 911 ! sailor # 1 touch that phone , kid , and you lose you leave nut . Nick raise he hand . " you do not have to tell I twice . " jerry please . please do not hurt I . it 's all I get , guy . I swear . take the lincoln ! sailor # 1 I do not want the lincoln . I want my nine-hundred dollar . I be take the sixty - three , which mean you owe I another eight hundred and thirty . nick eight hundred and thirty seven , actually . sailor # 1 exactly . have it by tomorrow or you will be find in the trunk of you new use piece of shit at the bottom of the Bay . and with that they release he and Jerry crumple to the floor like a abandon marionette . int . estelle's kitchen - moment later the three of they watch the fleet pile into a navy van that read for official use only . the moment they pull out , Jerry dust himself off and put on a pretense of be unfaze . jerry wow , that guy be even dumber than I think . they actually think I be stupid enough to let they muscle I into pay . 12 . estelle Jerry , what be you talk about ? we need to call the police ! jerry I be not some tattle - tale like you son . Nick roll he eye . estelle then for God 's sake , Jerry , just sell the lincoln and pay they ! jerry can not . it 's in the code . estelle what code ? the vehicular code ? jerry code of the street , Babe . code of the street . estelle then what be you plan to do ? Jerry take a seat at the kitchen table and adopt the thinker pose . he stroke he chin as Nick and estelle await he brilliant solution with breathless anticipation . I /e. lincoln - day nick ( v.o. ) we be go to ukiah for a last minute vacation . Jerry 's get on a hat make from coor beer can . he 's behind the wheel of he lincoln convertible . nick ( v.o. ) Jerry say we will be stay in a cabin on clear Lake that 's own by a friend of he . estelle dump in the cooking gear and close the trunk . her halter top look like a advertisement for droop City . Nick 's in the back . estelle wave at the neighbor like she 's miss corn Dog of 1954 . estelle Goodbye , everyone ! we be go on vacation ! jerry let 's blow ! 13 . she hop up front with Jerry . he fire up the lincoln and the radio roar to life with hillbilly music . nick ( v.o. ) I be not sure how this be the solution to he problem . but I have decide to go along with it , see as I be not root for he anyway . as they pull out , Jerry toss he beer bottle at the garbage can at the end of the drive and it once again miss and shatter on the street behind they . ext . highway - day the lincoln make it 's way upstate , and dip into the mist cover hill of ukiah . ext . restless axle trailer park - day they have pull to a stop . estelle stare in horror . estelle Jerry ...? you say it be a cabin . in the back , Nick remove he sunglass to regard the long , green , turd of a trailer . some concrete dwarve in the grass . a dusty canvas awning over a small cement patio . a decrepit picket fence with a sign that read : my GREEN haven . estelle look as if she 's about to cry . Jerry put he arm around she . jerry c'mon estelle . it 's real cute on the inside . int . my GREEN haven - night substitute cluttere for cute . the three of they be cramme around a dining surface as accommodate as a airplane tray table . 3 - D religious art hang on the wall above they . jerry I say the kid do the dish and we retire to the master bedroom . Jerry push out and disappear into the back . Nick watch he with loathing . estelle smile apologetically . nick Mom ? do you really like Jerry ? her smile fade . 14 . estelle Nick , how many man do you think there be who would be interested in a forty - one year old woman with two brat , no money , and stretch mark ? and with that she excuse herself , leave Nick to ponder . nick ( v.o. ) Mom be a realist about everything . except she age . she 's forty - three . int . my GREEN haven - later Nick wash dish in the toilet - like sink . the trailer shake from the two adult flog the mattress in the back . ext . restless axle trailer park - day a old crone , mrs . saunder , make she way up the walk . she get to the door of my Green Haven and bang on the screen . int . my GREEN haven - day Nick sleep on a pull out cot . he bolt upright at the bang , he hair go in all direction . mrs . saunder ( o.s. ) it 's you neighbor , Mrs. saunder . Church service begin at seven fifteen prompt . donut will be serve . Nick glance down at the morning wood elevate he boxer . Mrs. saunder narrow she eye at Nick through the screen door and take off . ext . my GREEN haven - day Nick step out of the trailer in a bathrobe , toiletry in one hand , towel in the other . he head off down the wood path . ext . wood - day the serene melody of rouse hymn float from the well - attend congregation in the meeting hall . we track across the tree as Nick make he way down the path . he slow to observe the sun come through the canopy overhead . he glance off the path and come to a sudden stop . a grape arbor flanke by corinthian column set against the blue of clear Lake . a chestnut haire sheeni saunder stand face the water , she head tilt down to read the book in she hand . the wind come off the lake blow she dress just enough to give a hint of the shapely thigh underneath . 15 . Light fall in shaft through the latticework of the arbor like something out of a François boucher painting . nick ( v.o. ) the moment I see she I know the god , while have cruelly endow I with imperfect posture and pussy postpone pimple , have put I here for a purpose . my heart palpitate . my mind race . I get a instant t.e. Super : ( thunder erection ) sheeni glance up from she book and look over she shoulder at he . Nick just stare . she give a amused smile , almost flirtatious . Nick grin back . sheeni you robe be open . Nick look down . he pull the robe close , scowl , and go into a flustered march down the path . int . public rest room - day a austere cement shed with three drip shower head and no privacy wall . Nick lather up under the spray . Jerry appear in the foreground and remove he robe . he go to the shower head next to Nick and turn it on . Nick react to Jerry and hastily try to resume rinsing himself off . Jerry gurgle water and spit . he start warbling rock lyric . ext . my GREEN haven - day Nick come up the path and stop short at the picket fence . estelle and sheeni squat on the patio step . sheeni hel -lo , excitable Boy . estelle Nick , honey , meet sheeni saunder . nick hello . estelle sheeni need to go to the grocery store . I have offer she you help in carry she bag . Nick regards sheeni and she mischievous smirk . 16 . nick thanks a pantsful . ext . restless axle trailer park - day a dusty road . Nick tote a watermelon and a paper bag . he watch as sheeni work on a popsicle . full lip that cry out to be kiss . nick you do not have to go to service ? sheeni no. much to the consternation of my fanatical parent I have convert to atheism . fortunately my brother , Paul , paved the way for such transgression . nick Paul be a atheist too ? sheeni Buddhist , I believe , though we have not see he in some time . I myself be look forward to be free of parental bondage . nick likewise . sheeni well , you mother seem very nice , though you father I think might be rather dim . nick Jerry and I share no blood link of any kind . as they pass the meeting hall there come a surge of hymn in chorus . nick sound rather zealous . sheeni yes , even though I be no longer a believer I always find the service wonderfully aerobic . nick you could say the same thing about sex . sheeni stop . she look at Nick intently . 17 . sheeni Nick , be you go to turn out like all the other young man and have nothing on you mind except carnal pleasure ? nick I hardly ever think about sex . sheeni really ? I think about it all the time . it 's the hormone at work , you know . she resume walk . Nick follow she with confusion . ext . saunder ' mobile home - day they regard the two story pacemaker mobile home . nick wow . a second floor . sheeni yes . Father buy it so that he could look down upon the world . for he , Christian humility have always be a struggle . sheeni relieve he of the watermelon . sheeni well , it be nice to meet you , Nick . she trudge down the slate path to the home . nick sheeni ? do you want to come to the beach with I ? she turn around . give a little smirk . sheeni what a thoughtful invitation . I would love to , Nick . wait for I in the live room . int . saunder ' mobile home - day a lot more space than my Green Haven . Dark panele and somewhat more tasteful religious art . sheeni back in a moment . 18 . Nick watch she bound up the stair . he wander into the musty live area . move down the mantel examine the trinket . stop to regard the reproduction of massaccio 's expulsion of Adam and Eve from eden on the wall . he scrutinize the image , he eye fall to the private of Adam and Eve . mr. saunder ( o.s. ) I understand you have invite my daughter to the beach . Nick spin around to see mr . saunder recline in he armchair . he be a immense , florid-face , verdant eye-brow ogre in a rumple blue suit . nick er , yes , Mr. saunder . mr. saunder aha ! then I trust , sir , you be aware that in do so you have enter into a oral contract to perform in loco parentis , i.e. to provide for the safety and well - be of aforementioned minor female . sheeni ( o.s. ) oh , Father , do shut up . sheeni descend the stair . Jean cut - off over a knockout yellow swimsuit that show off she flow nubility . Mr. saunder grumble . sheeni grab up a straw beach bag and push Nick out the door . sheeni let 's go , Nick . bye , Father . mr. saunder vaya con dios ! ext . beach - day sheeni and Nick lay on they back on the blue beach blanket , read they respective book . Nick watch she turn page and make note in the margin . she hand he she tanning lotion . sheeni would you mind apply this to my expose area ? nick not at all . 19 . she roll over onto she stomach , expose she exquisite back . Nick straddle she , hand shaking as he smooth sweet oil into she tan flesh . flash super : thunder erection sheeni my , you get turn on easily . Nick 's hand freeze . sheeni oh , do not stop , Nick . we all have we hormone to deal with . Girls be fortunate in that it do not show . for all the world know , my vagina could be moist with desire as we speak . nick be it ? sheeni that 's none of you business , I be sure . shall you do my front too ? nick I be up for it . she roll over onto she back , she young breast strain up against the yellow spandex . sheeni I hope you do not find it too stimulate , Nick . nick I be cope . he start in on she flawless leg , glide on the oil all the way within a finger 's reach of she sweet apex . with each dare pass , he come closer to that final split . finally the hand swerve too late , and lightly graze the softly yield vee . sheeni uh , Nick . maybe you better do the top now . Nick move up , lubricate she arm , shoulder and neck . he smooth the oil on the soft undulate foothills . sheeni thanks , Nick . 20 . she roll back onto she stomach with finality and go back to she book . Nick hover above she a moment , then painfully return to he own read . ext . restless axle trailer park - day they make they way down the path . Nick tote the beach bag . sheeni breathless be one of my favorite film , though it might be eclipse by rebel without a Cause . I often wonder what american cinema would be like today have Dean do more than three . Nick nod , and for a beat they trek on in silence . he glance down at she hand and fumble for it with he own . sheeni oh , Nick . you seem very nice . but in fairness , I should tell you that I have a boyfriend . Nick become sickeningly pale . nick what 's he name ? sheeni trent Preston . nick what 's he like ? sheeni seventeen year of age , six - two , fluent in french , play the piano , a champion swimmer , and write futurist percussive poetry . they stop at the gate to the saunder ' home . nick I be not familiar with futurist percussive poem . sheeni I could recite one of trent 's if you would like . nick please do . she take a dramatic pause . 21 . sheeni ramdam 12 / sizzle mop / crunch down / Safety net / hot! hot! hot ! / void . she give a slightly amused smile at Nick 's blank expression . nick ( v.o. ) if that 's poetry , I be a turkey scrotum . int . my GREEN haven - night time lapse of Nick thrashing about in bed . during this montage there be the constant tick of a clock . nick ( v.o. ) here be a hour by hour account of the worst night of my life . Nick flipping through a penthouse under the cover . nick ( v.o. ) 1 am . I decide it be just a case of puppy love and look forward to the interesting woman I shall meet in the future . ext . my GREEN haven - night a light come on in the window . int . my GREEN haven - day Nick at the dining table , write a note . nick ( v.o. ) 2 am . I conclude the only way out be suicide . I begin to pen a poignant suicide note . sheeni will see trent for the shallow pedant he be and always treasure my memory . jerry ( o.s. ) turn off the damn light ! ext . my GREEN haven - night Nick pace about back and forth in the yard . nick ( v.o. ) 3 am . I decide I be too chicken for any of the manly , violent mean of suicide . I shall swallow sleep pill . where to get they , though ? 22 . int . my GREEN haven - night Nick be in bed jerk off . the trailer shake despite he best effort . nick ( v.o. ) 4 am . I can not die a inviolate virgin . either I find a way to get laid soon or suicide get postpone until after high school . jerry ( o.s. ) you wanna beat you meat , go outside ! int . public rest room - day Nick in the shower go to town on he t.e. nick ( v.o. ) 5 am . it will be too painful to see sheeni again . I shall ask Mom if we can cut we vacation short and return to oakland . int . my GREEN haven - day Nick roll over on the cot and look up with the gaze of a manic insomniac . nick ( v.o. ) 6 am . violent panic ! I have to see sheeni again ! int . saunder ' mobile home - day the door open to reveal Nick stand outside in short , a i'm single , let' mingle shirt , and tennis shoe . sheeni stand in the door . sleep - fogge eye . nick good morning ! sheeni Nick ? God what time be it ? nick Seven o'clock . how about breakfast ? sheeni ( smile with endearment ) come back in two hour . I be go on a hike . you can join I if you would like . she close the door . 23 . Super : one hour fifty seven minute later a knock on the door . sheeni open it to reveal ... Nick , dress the same . sheeni wear khakis , red bandanna neckerchief , and a Australian bush hat . she look like the world 's most desirable girl scout . she examine Nick 's attire . sheeni Nick , where be you hike boot , water bottle , provision , survey map and compass ? nick like John muir I enter the wilderness with nothing more than my journal and a childlike sense of wonder . sheeni okay , but I have no plan to baby any slacker . ext . wood - day sheeni lead the way up hill . Nick clutches he cramped stomach with one hand , he journal in the other . he watch the rhythmic movement of she ass through she hike short . ext . bluff over clear lake - day Nick and sheeni peer over the edge of the cliff . the water of clear Lake churn below . nick quite a drop . sheeni yes . not to be morbid , but this sight have be the choose mean of at least three teen suicide . nick huh . quite a hike just to end you life . sheeni well , there be a road . but I agree . adolescent have a tendency toward the over-dramatic . sheeni back away . Nick stay , stare over the edge . 24 . ext . wood - day Nick 's eye roll back as he relieve himself against a tree . he shake off the last of it and zip up . ext . bluff over clear lake - later he emerge from the wood only to find sheeni read he journal . she look up at he and smile . the brazen sneak be not even embarrassed . nick that 's my journal ! sheeni do not get so upset Nick . though you handwrite be egregious , you have a fairly decent vocabulary . although , trent be not a " affect twit . " Nick snatch the journal out of she hand . nick that be my private thought and be none of you business ! sheeni Nick ? nick what ? sheeni the length you say you be willing to go to to win my heart , the contemplation of suicide at the think of not have I ... ( take a sensual breath ) it all evoke a strong emotional warmth in my breast . Nick can only stare at she sprawle out on she back as if pose for a centerfold . sheeni do you mean it , nickie ? a beat as he be lose in the ocean of she gaze before he manage to gain he sense . nick how would you like it if I read you journal ? sheeni you can read it if you would like . 25 . she hand it over . Nick squint at the write . nick it 's in french . sheeni a necessity for a child in a household with pry Christian parent . nick what do it say ? sheeni would not you like to know . that last passage would be of particular interest to you . Nick leap on top of she , grab she thin wrist . she squeal and giggle . nick spill it ! I demand full disclosure ! sheeni never ! they wrestle , perspire , squirming body brush together . flash super : thunder erection they pause . he 's get she arm pin . she 's on she back . he hover above she . sheeni ( softly chant ) nickie 's get a hard - on . Nick consider she expression . sheeni you be still a virgin , I can tell . maybe that 's why I like you . a beat . she look at he expectantly . Nick be at a loss . sheeni kiss I , you wienie . Nick tentatively approach she luscious mouth . they nose dodge successfully and they lip meet . after a long moment , they break it off . stare into each other 's eye . sheeni jump up . 26 . sheeni okay , lover . break 's over . let 's go ! Nick lay in the grass a moment , watch after she . ext . saunder ' mobile home - day Nick walk sheeni to the gate . she turn around to face he . nick when can I see you again ? sheeni get up early tomorrow and you can shower with I in the lady room . five minute to six . if you dare . Nick grin with excitement . int . my GREEN haven - night Nick dine at the tray table with Jerry and estelle . estelle so what 's this sheeni girl like ? nick she 's the encyclopedia britannica . jerry she 's get a nice rack . estelle Jerry ! Jerry chuckle . Nick stare at he , perhaps resolve to murder the trucker in he sleep . int . my GREEN haven - later Nick lie below we on the cot , unable to sleep with the anticipation of the imminent loss of he virginity . ext . my GREEN haven - night / day another perfect California summer dawn , a pale moon linger in the blue morning sky . Nick emerge from my Green Haven in he robe . he start off down the path . ext . wood - day the trailer park be relatively silent save for bird and the distant sound of dog bark . 27 . ext . public rest room - day Nick approach the shower building . as he near , the sound of water run can be hear from the lady ' side . int . public rest room ( women' side ) - day the woman 's side have real stall and privacy door . Nick spot the chamber at the end where sheeni 's naked form shower , obscure by tacky stain glass . he kick off he slipper . hang he robe on a hook . he approach the stall . flash super : thunder erection he open the shower door and step into the steamy spray . he embrace she . pendulous breast , sagging skin , a patch of white hair under a droop belly , wrinkle ... it 's Mrs. saunder ! she look up startle . Nick let out a horrible woman- like scream . Mrs. saunder start scream too , the sound of a pig be slaughter . she hurl a bar of soap . the bar strike Nick upside the head and he lose he foot on the slippery tile . he go down , take Mrs. saunder with he . they wrangle in the mist as Nick try to escape . mrs . saunder rape ! raaaaape ! suddenly the door open . it 's sheeni in she robe . she reach out and pull Nick up . sheeni get out quick ! still wear she robe , she dive into the spray to save she mother . Nick grab he robe and retreat . int . cafe - day Nick slouches in a corner of the shop , he hand tremble as he bring he coffee to he lip . he hear the door open and look up , but instead of the cop find sheeni . she join he at the table . nick should I go to the sheriff 's now ? sheeni no . I manage to convince mother you be retarded and could not read the sign . 28 . Nick nod thankfully . nick say , where be you anyway ? we say five minute to six . sheeni I be sorry . but , Nick , woman be always discreetly late . it 's expect of we . nick swell . and the punctual guy fries in the chair for rape . sheeni do not complain . at least you get to shower with a naked woman . ( lick do nut powder off she finger ) what be you plan today ? nick my parent want to go to middletown . Jerry have the moronic notion of buy a trailer there before we leave . sheeni I should like to come with you , Nick . the more time we spend together the better . I fear when you leave we might never see each other again . Nick nod glumly . clearly a devastating think . int . lincoln ( moving ) - day sheeni 's in back with Nick , but do not seem to mind the wind tunnel . she have a scarf tie around she chestnut lock . Nick look down as she casually rest a hand on the inside of he thigh . as they round a curve at 60 , she yank Nick 's sunglass off and toss they over she shoulder into the lake . ext . geezer be manor - day estelle , Jerry , Nick , and a toothless old geezer whose gut rival Jerry 's , all stare at a rusty rv that look like it might not make the trip back . in the background , sheeni pet a goat in the dusty yard . 29 . jerry what 's you cash price ? geezer I say in the ad . thousand dollar firm . jerry thousand , huh ? that must be with a guarantee . geezer as be , where she be . jerry I do not know . that rusty propane tank be a fire hazard . the roof probably need work . I could not go above eight hundred . the geezer ponder the bad news . estelle shake she head and go inside the rv to inspect . estelle ( o.s. ) there be mouse dropping in all the closet , Jerry . geezer I might take nine fifty . jerry nine hundred . sheeni let out a squeal of delight . they all turn they attention to where she have discover a box full of squirming puppies . she bring one of they over . sheeni look , Nick ! she show he the ugly little pug . short droopy ear , a tiny , batlike face . nick great . sheeni ( to the geezer ) how much ? geezer ten dollar . sheeni turn to Nick pleadingly . Nick fish through he wallet . 30 . nick all I have be a Subway card with four sticker . geezer sold . nick no doubt close to the dog 's actual value . sheeni oh , thank you , nickie ! she plant a kiss on he lip and promptly turn she attention to the dog , who lick she face affectionately . Nick look on with appropriate jealousy . sheeni I be go to name he albert. ( pronounce Al - bear ) geezer that do not sound like any kind of name for a dog . sheeni ( scowling defensively ) I will have you know I have name he after the decease french writer , Albert camus . author of l'etranger and other work of existential brilliance . the geezer look to Nick with a expression of " I stand correct . " Nick return with a nod that say " you have no idea . " int . lincoln ( moving ) - day the lincoln now tow the rusty rv behind it . Nick watch sheeni continue to fawn over Albert . int . cafe - day Nick and sheeni dine over coffee and a plate of donut . Nick watch she play with Albert in she lap . nick sheeni , I think I love you . sheeni well , you hormone certainly do . and oddly enough , my hormone like you too . 31 . sheeni release Albert and the mutt paw at she leg . her eye well up with tear , a few theatrical sniffles . nick sheeni ? it 's ... it 's okay . we can visit each other when I get a driver license . sheeni I hope that 's true , but .. it 's not that . it 's ... nick what ? sheeni it 's my parent . they're ... I fear they will never allow I to keep Albert . nick oh. Nick try to hide he hurt . pick up the paper with annoyance . sheeni ( sniffling ) Nick , honey . why do not you take Albert ? he could be we love child . nick no way . sheeni at least you could consider it , honey . for I . I have never ask you for anything before . nick maybe I could take he , but I would have certain condition . I would have to be the only dad on the scene . ( matter of fact ) trent would have to go . sheeni that 's ask a lot . trent worship the ground I walk on . nick it 's you choice . life with I and the dog you love . or a pet-free existence with a shallow , egotistical poet . 32 . sheeni ponder this . sheeni ok , Nick , I guess I do not have any choice . I will break up with trent . but if he kill himself it 's on you conscience . nick I accept full responsibility . sheeni well , good , that 's settle . nick not quite , darling . I want one more thing . sheeni what ? nick what do you think ? a beat . sheeni look pensive . it fade to amusement . sheeni do you have a condom ? Nick lift he eyebrow . now we be get somewhere ! sheeni it have to be in a safe place . a nice comfortable bed . with no threat of interruption . and for relaxation and mood set some good red wine , preferably french . I want a new condom . not one that 's be riding around in you wallet for year . Consumers rate they a while back . I suggest you get they top-rate brand . this may take some research in the library . I would appreciate a photocopy of the article . plus , for supplementary protection , I want a name brand spermicide . nick how about I have a quick vasectomy just to be on the safe side ? sheeni ( matter of fact ) well , Nick , that , of course , be up to you . 33 . Nick look displease that he sarcasm do not register . ext . my GREEN haven - day Jerry hitches the trailer to the back of the lincoln . estelle load up the trunk . estelle Nick , honey , say goodbye to sheeni . it 's time to hit the road . Nick watch sheeni kiss Albert . he look less than enthuse at the think of sloppy -second . finally sheeni hand Nick the dog . Nick and sheeni stand there a awkward beat . sheeni lean in and give he a peck on the cheek . sheeni ( whisper in he ear ) do not forget , darling . Red wine and consumer report . she smile . they be the sexiest word Nick 's ever hear . he grab she and kiss she deeply . Jerry honk the horn and they break off . int . lincoln - day Nick get into the back seat with Albert . the dog whimper . sheeni stand off to the side , wave at they both . jerry okay . back to civilization ! he fire up the lincoln and they kick up dust . Albert slobber all over Nick . Nick set he down and watch sheeni in the side - mirror , wave in the road . nick ( v.o. ) I have a tall mountain to climb , with many treacherous glacier still to cross , but finally , I have obtain a stamp entry visa to the paradise that lay beyond . sheeni watch the lincoln and trailer recede toward the horizon . nick ( v.o. ) in short ... I have a very real prospect for get laid . fade to black . 34 . ext . estelle's home - day the lincoln and rv slow to a stop outside the home . I /e. lincoln - day they all stare at the empty space where the chevy - nova use to be . Jerry get a smirk of satisfaction . jerry you see that , Babe . they cave . ext . estelle's home - day Jerry back the rv into the drive as Nick help he mother with she belonging and they enter the house . the rv scrape its way through a few overhange tree branch before Jerry decide it 's park . there come a woman 's scream from inside the house . int . estelle's live room - moment later Jerry join Nick and estelle in the doorway . there in the live room , surround by all the furniture push neatly against the wall , be Jerry 's camouflage chevy . nick I guess they do not cave after all . Jerry pop the hood and let out a whistle . jerry Boy , everything 's complete . there 's even water in the windshield washer . estelle how do they ever get it in here ? my front door can not be more than three foot wide . jerry look like they bring it in piece by piece and then reassemble it . estelle but it would take a army of mechanic to do all that ! Jerry slam down the hood . jerry or a navy , Babe . or a navy . 35 . ext . estelle's home - day a cab pull up in front of the house and Nick 's sister , joanie get out of the back . she tip the driver , and as she cross the front yard , gawk at the rv sit in the drive . int . estelle's home - hallway - day Nick 's door be ajar . Nick pull up he trousers and come into the hall . he listen to the voice downstairs . stair - continuous he come down the first few step and be meet with the sight of he mother and sister stare up at he . estelle Nick , you sister come all the way from LA for a weekend visit ! Nick and joanie meet eye . she lift a quizzical eyebrow . nick stellar . int . estelle's dine room - night Albert chew on Jerry 's sock under the table . jerry can someone do something about the mutt ? the family dine over take - out fry chicken . Jerry kick Albert and the puppy go tumble across the floor . estelle I do not know , Jerry . can someone do something about the monstrosity drip oil in my live room ? joanie yeah , I notice that . what 's the story ? nick Jerry try to outsmart a few sailor . it 's be a amusing saga . Jerry contemplate smack Nick upside the head , but decide against it when he discern estelle be probably in she son 's corner . jerry ok , Babe , I guess when I come back from my next haul I will just have to take it apart piece by piece . 36 . estelle take a deep breath and try to let the matter rest . joanie up to anything scandalous this day , Nick ? nick I be go to ask you the same thing . joanie what do you mean ? Nick puff out he chest . joanie look down at she boob-job . joanie not that it 's any of you business , but I have take a class to improve my posture . Nick roll he eye . estelle I think joanie look very nice . and she have a new boyfriend too . nick do you meet he in posture class ? estelle Nick meet a nice girl in ukiah . joanie really now ? be you on each other ' myspace page ? nick hardly . sheeni believe the internet will be the end of literacy . joanie so it 's to be a torturous snail mail exchange , huh ? nick more like the occassional collect call . estelle collect call ? and just who do you expect to pay for that ? Jerry kick the dog away from he sock . Albert growl and prepare for another charge . 37 . jerry hey , Nick . want to learn how a car be put together ? nick no , thanks . Auto mechanic do not interest I . jerry see , estelle , I tell you the kid be queer-eeaaaahhhhh ! Jerry lurch backward in the chair and land on the floor , revealing that Albert 's tooth have a firm grasp on Jerry 's sack . the dog shake the scrotum in he jaw . jerry damn it ! the dog ! he try to swipe Albert with he beer bottle , but the dog retreat into the house , leave Jerry roll around on the floor . joanie and Nick exchange a smile . the phone ring . estelle get up to answer it . estelle Nick , put the dog in the basement . int . basement - night Nick stoops to secure the leash around the piping . he regards the little pug . Albert whimper and cock he head . the door at the top of the stair open and estelle descend the first few step . estelle Nick , that be you father on the phone . he lose he job . nick how unlike he . estelle watch you smart mouth . this mean the end of child support . nick which mean ... estelle you will have to start go to ... ( distorted ) oakland Public School . in Nick 's eye the fear of a sentence worse than death . 38 . int . estelle's home - hallway - day Morning come through the drape . the phone on the side table be ringing . Nick emerge from he room and pick it up . nick hello ? operator ( v.o. ) will you accept a collect call from sheeni saunder ? nick absolutely . Nick look around , open the door to the linen closet and dart inside . int . closet - continuous blackness . then Nick pull the cord and the naked bulb kick on . sheeni ( v.o. ) Nick ? nick sheeni ? how be you ? sheeni ( v.o. ) I be well , nickie . nick and how be trent ? not too suicidal I hope . int . saunder ' mobile home - day sheeni relax on a love seat , cradling the phone with she shoulder as she eat grape from a bowl . we intercut . sheeni of course , he be disconsolate , but we talk all day and he 's come to see this as a opportunity for growth . oh , and Nick , trent want I to tell you that he bear you no ill will . nick nor I he . I wish he all the best . sheeni his parent be send he to a french speak board school this year . he 's sure to get along there . so how be my darling Albert ? 39 . nick well , though he 's take a dislike to Jerry . sheeni and you , nickie ? how be you ? nick I regret , Love of my life , my father have lose he job and I will now be force to go to public school . sheeni how unfortunate . what do he do ? nick he 's a writer - sort of . he write advertising copy . sheeni really ? ( pensive beat ) Nick , I suggest we look at you father 's fire as a bless in disguise . nick how so ? sheeni I propose we get you father a job here in ukiah and you can come and live with he . nick brilliant . not that I be fond of ukiah , but I would live in a drainage culvert to be with you . sheeni oh , nickie . now , I happen to know Progressive plywood be look for a assistant editor . it would be perfect for you father . Nick furrow he brow with skepticism . nick I have no idea you have knowledge of the employment opportunity of trade magazine . sheeni the owner be the father of a friend of mine . 40 . nick anyone I know ? sheeni okay , it 's trent 's father . so what ? nick so why would trent want to help my father move to ukiah ? sheeni I tell you , darling . trent harbor you no ill will . I will have he call you father up pretend to be a head hunter . nick very well , but I do not see how I be to live with he . my mother value my indenture servitude . sheeni you must influence she to send you away . I feel this will require be in a constant state of open revolt on you part . nick what do you want I to do ? sheeni I propose you rent the film rebel without a Cause as soon as possible . you must emulate James Dean ... close on she glossy lip . sheeni ... you must be bad , nickie . be very , very bad . a glint of resolve in Nick 's eye . nick I will , darling . I will ! and in pre-lap come the ding dong of the doorbell . int . estelle's live room - day joanie and Nick sit in the chevy nova watch rebel without a Cause through the windshield . 41 . estelle enter the live room with tear stream down she face and a police officer , lance wescott , 45 , with a flattop , watery red eye , and assort gun , flashlight , and billy club . estelle kid ? this be Officer lance wescott . he have some bad news . after a beat , Nick roll down the window . lance you mother 's friend Jerry have a heart attack in a bar in Dallas . he 's dead . estelle sob , but be not join by she child . she turn to lance . estelle will they be send he belonging ? lance uh ... I be afraid they have already be send . to he wife . beat . Nick look to joanie . they both look to they mother . estelle his ... his wife ?!? she burst into tear and collapse into Officer lance wescott 's arm . lance there , there , ma'am . it 's go to be okay . Nick watch he mother sobbing against the cop 's chest for a beat before he roll up the window and he and joanie resume watch the movie . estelle 's cry of despair become ... int . nick be room - night .... the cry of ecstasy come through the wall along with the repeat exclamation of lance 's name . Nick roll over in bed . bloodshot eye . he haul himself out of bed . nick ( v.o. ) I have decide to create a supplementary persona name François . 42 . int . bathrroom - night he stand in front of the mirror and lean in . nick ( v.o. ) like a parisian James Dean , he will be bold , reckless , contemptuous of authority , and irresistible to woman . push in on he reflection , as a moustache appear . then a beret and black and white stripe shirt . then a cigarette holder and Thompson machine - gun . and françois be bear . nick hello , François . I think you will do nicely . françois oui , I be ze perfect match pour une francophile for ze like of sheeni saunder . I have ze calculate intelligence ... nick ... the itchy trigger finger ... François cock the machine - gun . nick françois ... and cojone grande ! ... and cojone grande ! int . bathrroom - day Nick open the door . lance and estelle shower behind the frost glass . nick damn ! that hippos be take a shower together . how repulsive ! he slam the door . int . basement - day Nick come down the stair . he reach the water heater and start spin the knob . int . bathroom - day the form of estelle and lance in the shower can be make out . they both start scream as they be blast with cold water . the blob of they body press up against the glass . 43. int . basement - day Albert look up at Nick and let out a bark . Nick smile and bend down to undo he leash . int . estelle's home - hallway - day lance burst from the bathroom in he boxer , look for blood . he hear the sound of paw climb the stair . Albert come hurtle around he corner , almost lose he foot on the hardwood floor . albert Pov as we lunge at lance 's crotch . ext . estelle's home - day a bloodcurdling scream rise up from the home . int . estelle's kitchen - day estelle hand lance a ice- pack and he apply it to he injury . Nick wander in and take he seat at the table . nick where 's joanie ? estelle she 's sleep in . nick no doubt . I do not think anyone get a wink last night with all that racket . lance look at he , seethe inwardly . he glance to estelle . nick I think there be law in this city against illicit cohabitation . or be they just another big policeman 's joke ? lance kid , you be ask for trouble . nick what be you go to do ? shoot I with you gun ? lance lunge across the table . estelle no , lance ! nickie , go to you room . Nick fling down he napkin and head for the front door . 44 . estelle where do you think you be go ? nick out ! the screen door slam behind he . int . garage - day the garage door rattles upward , illuminate the cardboard box of paint supplies . Nick bend down and pick up a can of aerosol spray-paint . he shake it . ext . estelle's home - day Nick spray the trailer in wide sweeping motion . ext . estelle's home - evening joanie and Nick sun bathe in the lawn chair . estelle stand over they . estelle what the in God 's name have get into you ?!? Jerry pay good money for that trailer ! nick and just what make you so sure it be I ? estelle who the hell else would write such a thing ? estelle gesture to the trailer , which we can see have be deface with the word god' perfect asshole . estelle and just how do you explain this ? she hold up a semi-nude Polaroid of lacey . nick that 's lacey . estelle and just who the hell be lacey ? nick dad 's girlfriend . estelle stare at the photo , face contort by revulsion and envy . 45 . estelle his girlfriend ? what be you do with a picture like this of you father 's girlfriend ? joanie c'mon , Mom , all boy he age have picture like that to ... estelle when I want you opinion on raise my child , I will ask for it . ( to Nick ; morbidly curious ) and what 's this lacey tart like ? nick well , she like fast car and take a lot of nap with dad . Super : ( true ) nick she like to sit on dad 's lap while he eat and blow in he ear . Super : ( not true ) nick and she call he " Thunder Rod " and he call she " sugar puss . " Super : ( true ; believe it or not ) at this point estelle have turn bright red . estelle you be confine to you room until school start , you sick pervert . she stalk off . joanie glance over at Nick with amusement . nick I wish I be leave with you tonight . joanie you day will come . I never think mine would , but it do . be all that stuff about lacey and dad make up ? nick I wish . do you really take a posture class ? 46 . joanie implant . I want they all my life . int . nick be room - day a knock on the door . lefty enter the room and Nick pull the headphone off he ear . nick hey , lefty . lefty what 's with you mom , Nick ? she give I the third degree just to come up here . nick I vandalize Jerry 's trailer and she find my picture of lacey . lefty well , good thing I steal this from the bookstore then . lefty unzip he backpack and produce a large hardbound volume title lovemake for Advanced gourmet . lefty I be read it all last night . Boy , have sex be a lot more complicated than I think . do you know you be suppose to stick you pinkie in she bumhole ? nick you lie . lefty no way , man . here , I get the page mark . lefty flop down on the sofa next to Nick and the two of they flip through the manual . nick yeah , but I be not sure I should try this on sheeni . I think this book be for people who have be marry so long they be disgust by the sight of each other . they regard the illustrate figure of man and woman in various state of foreplay . 47 . lefty be we really suppose to be that ... uh ... big ? nick I think this illustration be disproportionate for emphasis . lefty maybe we should compare . nick perhaps we should . just for the sake of research . Nick and lefty get to they foot and stand opposite each other like a pair of duelist . they simultaneously undo they belt and pull they pants and underwear to they foot . they straighten . lefty 's eye fall to Nick 's crotch . he get a hint of concern in he expression . Nick stare at lefty 's , tilting he head to compensate for the curvature . the door behind they open and estelle appear tote Nick 's lunch . she let out a scream . the boy turn to face she , pants around they ankle . estelle pervert ! she hurl the tray of food at they . lefty bolt . Nick hastily try to pull up he pants as he mother chase he around the room , grab up object and hurl they he way . estelle friggin ' goddamn pervert ! int . estelle's home - hallway - day lefty emerge from the room and take off . estelle you will not get away ! I be call you parent ! pervert ! Nick burst from the room , desperately try to buckle he pants . estelle be hot on he heel , wield the hardbound sex manual as they round the bannister . estelle in my house ! how dare you ! she catch up to Nick at the top of the stair and crack he upside the head . 48 . he lose he balance and go tumble down the staircase , let out a moan that stutter as he head hit each step . he come crash into the foyer , landing on the slate . int . nick be room - evening Nick watch out the window . estelle can be see animatedly describe the event to lefty' parent . lefty glance up at Nick and give a pain expression . int . nick be room - later Nick lay on he belly read no exit . he look up when he hear the sound of footstep in the hall . shadows appear beneath the crack in the door . estelle open the door and look down at he . estelle Nick , I just want you to know that I have think about it , and I have accept that you be gay . nick thanks a pantsful , but I be not gay . if you be really concerned though , I suggest you get I a room at the ukiah Motel 6 . if anyone can straighten I out , it 's sheeni . she look at he dubiously and hand out the phone . estelle that sound more like a job for you father . here , he want to talk to you . Nick take the phone from she hand and she close the door . nick ( into phone ) hello ? int . GEORGE twisp be home - night GEORGE so what 's this I hear about you be gay ? George sprawl on the couch , cradling the phone with one hand , and hold a beer on he stomach with the other . we intercut . 49 . nick what 's this I hear about you be unemployed ? GEORGE yes , but my condition be only temporary . I can change it . nick I hope you do . we need the money . GEORGE Nick , there be more important thing in life than money . nick I know , dad . like get a good education . and be able to respect you parent . GEORGE I have get two word for you . safe sex . nick thanks , dad . he hang up the phone . ext . oakland public school - day intimidate punk music . School bus door fold open and Nick step off . the music pound from the boom box rest on the hood of the mustang gt where a pack of skinhead follow Nick with they eye . Nick walk past they , glance over at the assembly of asian gangster glaring at he from they perch on the wall . int . oakland public school - hallway - day Nick push past a fight where two kid throw each other against the locker . he smile at a pair of punk rock girl . one of they flip he off . Nick head into ... int . boy room - day and as Nick step into the bathroom , we follow he eye ... swish to ... a crip sell a bag of dope to a goth freshman . swish to ... a latin king vandalize the wall with the word latin king be here . swish to ... a pack of wiggers as one of they give the other a butterfly knife show - and - tell . 50 . int . oakland public school - hallway - day we drift down the corridor where Nick dial at a pay phone . female caseworker ( v.o. ) Office of child Welfare . nick hello , uh ... my name be Nick . Nick twisp . my father 's name be George twisp . female caseworker ( v.o. ) have he hit you , Nick ? nick not lately . but he 's miss several child support payment , and be not look for work . so now I be go to public school in oakland . female caseworker ( v.o. ) not the oakland school ! nick yes . and he 's have a offer from a respectable publication in ukiah . female caseworker ( v.o. ) do not you worry , young man . I will get right on this . do not worry . we will light a fire under that deadbeat ! ext . oakland - day Nick walk Albert down the sidewalk . lefty cross the street to he and they walk together . nick hey , lefty . how 's it hangin ' ? lefty you will never believe who call I , Nick . millie filbert ! nick what ?!? why ? lefty I dunno . she just call and ask if I want to hang out tonight . I do not want to ask why . I need to find someplace for we to get it on . Albert squat to poop in someone 's yard . the boy pause to wait for he . 51 . nick you can use my house if you want . lefty really ? nick sure . my Mom and lance be go to a movie and I be plan on steal Jerry 's trailer and torch it in a parking lot , so you will have the whole house to yourself . lefty right on . Albert finish he business and they resume walk . nick so where you head anyway ? lefty Dr. browerly 's office . my parent be make I see a shrink now . nick he ask lot of weird question ? lefty you bet you leave nut he be ! he ask if I have any lustful thought toward my sister . nick what do you tell he ? lefty I tell he about beat off once with she brassiere . nick what do you tell he that for ? lefty you do not know what it 's like . I think they release chemical in they office to make you tell the truth . nick sound like a professional . he must be very expensive . lefty I would not know . the bill go to you house . 52 . nick my mom be pay for you therapy ? lefty I guess so . it be you cyclops I be stare at . nick yes , but it be you idea . lefty that 's true . gee , maybe I be gay . nick do not be retarded . we be do research for we girlfriend . lefty oh , right . I forget . that 's a relief . so you will leave the door open ? nick yeah , just do not blow you load on my sheet . lefty thanks a pantsful , Nick . nick do not mention it . see ya , lefty . int . nick be room - day Nick hunch over he desk do homework , headphone over he ear . estelle knock and enter . Nick pull the headphone down around he neck . estelle lance and I be walk down to the movie theater . there 's tv dinner in the freezer . oh , and Nick - you father get a job in ukiah . nick Mom ? do you think it might be a good idea if I move in with he ? estelle Nick , that just would not work . I depend on that child support money to eat . nick but should not you depend on the child support money for , you know ... child support ? 53. estelle watch you smart mouth . she slam the door . ext . estelle's home - day nick ( v.o. ) the plan be simple . Nick place two full cannister of gasoline into the trunk of the lincoln . Nick 's behind the wheel , back up the car . nick ( v.o. ) tow Jerry 's trailer to a remote parking lot in Berkeley and burn it to the ground . the hitch ball grind under the trailer socket . nick ( v.o. ) thus evict myself from my mother 's clutches and into the arm of my one and only Love . Nick fire up the V - 8 engine and shift into drive , pull forward . he cut across the lawn . nick ( v.o. ) François want to torch the trailer where it sit , but I have convinced he a parking lot will reduce the risk of collateral damage . the trailer clip the corner of the house . chunks of stucco fall and the galvanize downspout shudder and writhes , collapse the long rain gutter run across the front of the home . Nick gun it , and with a lurch the trailer splinter free . he dodge the birch tree , but plow over the smaller asian pear . the lincoln bounce the curb and catapult into the street , the trailer weaving back and forth , smash park car . int . lincoln ( moving ) - day Nick cruise along sedately . he play with the radio and settles on the sex pistol . he look up just in time to see the red light and slam on the brake , nearly jack - knife the trailer . the light turn green and the car lumber up the long hill . 54 . ext . berkeley - day Nick hit the bump in the road right before the stop sign . the car bottom out . the trailer bounce up , come unhitch . I /e. lincoln ( moving ) - day Nick hit the gas and the lincoln suddenly surge forward , release from the great weight . Nick smile . behind he , through the rear window , the trailer can be see recede into the distance . he glance into the mirror and spot the trailer plunging down the hill . then he crash into the fiat park in front of he at the intersection . the gas tank on the fiat crack , spurting fuel onto the pavement . ext . berkeley - day Nick leap from the lincoln and watch open-mouthed as the vehicular ballet unfold . down the hill - the speed trailer sideswipe a delivery van and go into a spin . the bohemian sip espresso at the outdoor café look up to see the word god' perfect asshole bear down on they . the delivery van veer out of control . the bohemian scatter . the truck run over a fire hydrant and smashes its way through the patio furniture and into the café . a geyser of water plume where the hydrant once stand . the trailer resume its downward plunge toward the busy cross street below . kwomp ! Nick turn to see the still - restive lincoln part from the fiat and begin to roll down the hill after its partner . nick oh no ! I forget to set the brake ! the driver of the fiat bolt after the accelerate lincoln , but as he realize the futility , slow to a jog . the driver turn to see he forget to set he own brake , and desperately roll out of the way of the fiat . motorist slam on they brake as the speed trailer cross four lane of traffic . it jump the curb crash into the plate glass window of a gourmet sausage shop . a cop car light up and speed into the intersection , just in time to get clipped by the lincoln . the cop car go into a tail spin , smash into a chicken transport . the flock of feathered inmate fly for freedom . 55 . the lincoln continue to generate momentum on its slalom run , thunder past the stop car and into the wreck building like a runaway express train . the gas cannister in the trunk ignite and the sausage shop explode , the trailer 's two propane tank go off like bomb . the fiat come fly into the flame mess and blast apart , send shard of metal and sausage link to go raining down on the spectator . the blaze light the trail of gasoline leave by the break fuel tank and a stream of liquid fire race up the hill , end at Nick 's foot . Nick take a moment to watch in horror as dark plume of smoke billow into the sky , the geyser of water , the storm of daze chicken . he turn around and do he best to inconspicuously walk out of frame . int . estelle's kitchen - night we follow Nick as he come through the front door and be meet with the sight of he mother and lance stare at he from the kitchen table . the Berkeley fire rage on the television . nick hey , Mom ! how be the movie ? lance you little shit . you steal you mother 's dead ex- boyfriend 's trailer and set a five million dollar fire . nick / francois I refuse to stand for such allegation ! estelle Nick ! they have a description of the arsonist ! lance flip through he notebook and read . lance a white teenage male , about five - seven . a hundred and twenty five pound , dark hair , spot complexion ... nick that could be anyone . 56 . lance he be also wear a tee shirt with the word : I be single , let 's mingle . Nick glance down at the lettering on he shirt . oops . estelle burst into tear . estelle what be I go to do ? my only son will be send to prison ! lance take estelle in he arm and smirk at Nick . estelle oh , lance , can not something be do ? lance tell you what , estelle . I will make out that Nick report the car and trailer steal before the fire . it will be less suspicious . but I could take some serious heat for this . estelle oh , lance ! you be wonderful ! how can I possibly repay you ? lance I will think of something , estelle . he give she ass a playful squeeze . she let out a giggle . lance now the kid better not be here when the detective start come around . I would send he away for a while . a long while . estelle he can go make he father 's life miserable ! Nick suddenly brighten . nick but I like it here . estelle you be go , buster ! she snatch up the phone and dial . George 's groggy voice can be hear answer . estelle scream into the phone . 57 . estelle you be son just burn down half of Berkeley ! come and get the little brat ! lance wait a minute , estelle , be not you go to punish he ? I would say he deserve a good hide . estelle ( cupping the squawk phone ) he 's too much for I anymore . can you do it , lance , darling ? lance give Nick another smirk . int . nick be room - night Nick let 's out a yelp of pain as lance bring a break tree limb against he bare bottom . whack ! whack ! whack ! nick ( v.o. ) I do not scream much . I be make a painful sacrifice for the woman of my dream . my suffer possess a beauty which elevate it above this sordid scene . with the final blow the tree limb crack in half . Nick look over he shoulder . nick be you through ? lance look around the room . pick up a umbrella and consider it in he hand . Nick hang he head . ext . estelle's home - night we find Nick wait in the drive with a pile of suitcase beside he . lefty ( o.s. ) psst. Nick . Nick find lefty lurking in the shrub that divide he mother 's lawn from the neighbor 's . he limp to he friend . nick I be wonder what happen to you . do you get to blow you wad ? lefty no . I do not get to blow my wad . 58 . nick do you get interrupt ? lefty no. worse . nick what 's worse than be interrupt ? lefty millie be a lesbian . nick what ?!? lefty the only reason she want to hang out with I be because she hear that I show you my slinky and think I be gay too . nick sorry , man . I do not have a great night either . lefty well , I dunno what you be gonna do , but I be give suicide serious consideration this time . nick or you could just fake it and then hide out in ukiah with I . then later come back and maybe millie filbert will boink you out of pity . lefty hey , that 's not a bad idea . thanks a pantsful , Nick . a pair of headlight swing into the drive and lefty duck out of sight . the headlight turn out to belong to George twisp 's BMW . the driver 's side window roll down to reveal Nick 's dad . lacey lean over George 's seat to wave at Nick through the window and show he some of she cleavage . lacey hiya , Nick ! nick hi , lacey . hi , dad . the trunk pop open . 59 . nick be there any way I could sit up front with lacey , dad ? Mom 's boyfriend beat I pretty badly . GEORGE sorry , Nick . in this car , faggot get the back seat . I /e. BMW 325i ( moving ) - night Nick be in the back , crowded in by he belonging and Albert . they ride in tense silence until they pass the sight of the fire , where FIRE fighter sift through the ash . GEORGE my God . look what you have do . lacey turn to look at Nick over the seat . they share a smile . ext . ukiah - establishing - day Morning peer over the distant hill . int . george' manufactured home - day the BMW pull into the drive of the house - a plywood rectangle perch on cement block . aluminum window . a swamp cooler on the shallow - pitch roof . they all emerge from the car . GEORGE go ahead and bring you stuff inside . lacey and I need a nap . c'mon , sugar puss . Nick watch longingly as George lead lacey into the home . as he place he hand on lacey 's ass , he look back over he shoulder and throw a smug look in Nick 's direction . nick ( v.o. ) what a competitive asshole . ext . saunder ' mobile home - day Nick reach the door and gently knock . but it 's sheeni 's ogre of a father who answer the door and stare at Nick sternly . nick uhm , hello . be sheeni available ? mr. saunder she most certainly be not . as a matter of fact , we have ban you from she life , Nick twisp . 60 . nick Excuse I ? mr. saunder trent Preston inform we that not only be you move here to pursue my daughter , but that you be not even mentally - handicapped , and thus molest my wife in the shower of sound mind and body . nick that rat-fink -fuck ! mr. saunder you watch you language . this be a Christian home . we be send sheeni to Les École des Arts and literature in Santa Cruz . nick Santa Cruz ! but she will be miserable without I . we be in love . the ogre snort in condescending amusement . mr. saunder then I guess it 's a good thing trent be go there too . she will have someone to console she . and with that , Mr. saunder slam the door so hard in Nick 's face that the entire two story mobile home rock back and forth . ext . wood - day Nick make he way past the arbor , crestfallen . sheeni emerge from the shadow in a hood sweatshirt over a lavender dress . sheeni Nick ! oh , Nick ! Nick light up at the sight of she and they embrace . they kiss passionately . he work he way to she neck and start to reach under the sweatshirt . sheeni I have to sneak away just to see you . nick that 's okay . I have to burn down half of berkley . 61 . sheeni that be you ? Nick , be you out of you mind ? nick I feel a grand gesture be require , darling . sheeni 's expression indicate that she be touch , but it turn to troubled . sheeni Nick , trent betrayed we . nick François will kill he later . sheeni who 's François ? nick nevermind . the point be we must elope . sheeni take a step back at the notion . sheeni I do not know , Nick . I do love you , but I do not want to spend the rest of we life on the run . nick it 's a small price to pay . she take another step back . sheeni I ... I can not , Nick . nick what ?!? but , sheeni . I just do not get it . I be here . Albert 's here too . sheeni I know , Nick , and I have be long for you so . but we will just have to find another way . the car be already pack . Nick nod glumly and sheeni seem overcome with remorse . sheeni Nick twisp , I will not allow you to accept defeat so easily ! ( more ) 62 . sheeni ( cont would ) when the time be right , you must make you way to Santa Cruz . and then we will make love . Nick lift he gaze with renew determination . nick or we could consummate here in the wood . sheeni do you bring the consumer report ? Nick just blink blankly . sheeni then it will have to be Santa Cruz . I really must go now , darling . nick well ... Goodbye , sheeni . I love you . sheeni I love you too . squeeze darling Albert for I . she pull she hood over she head . Nick watch wistfully as she slip away into the forest . nick ( v.o. ) I have endure a five million dollar beat for nothing . ( beat ) I have be stab . stabbed in the back . int . gymnasium - day two wrestler slam down onto the mat below we . nick ( v.o. ) I do not have a friend within a hundred mile . this be a daunt think if you think about it . we track down the row of other student , start with a three hundre pound behemoth . the row seem to descend in weight class , until we reach Nick at the very end . CUT to : Nick do he best to not be pin by dwayne crampton , who out - weigh he by at least 40 pound . 63. int . boy shower room - day Nick rinse off . dwayne step up to the shower head next to he . Nick glance he way and quickly recoil at the repelling landscape of roll pink flab . dwayne sorry `bout wompin ' ya . I be dwayne . nick Nick . Nick twisp . dwayne say , Nick ? why do you suppose guy get only two testicles when we get ten finger and toe ? nick I could not begin to speculate . Nick turn off he shower and slink away . ext . saunder ' mobile home - day Nick come up the dusty road tote he backpack . on the porch of the saunder ' home , a handsome but somewhat unkempt paul saunder , mid-twenty , blow cool jazz on a beat - up trumpet . paul hey , Nick . I be Paul , sheeni 's brother . Nick come up the path to meet he . nick hello , Paul . how do you know my name ? paul we have meet . nick no we have not . paul in a previous life . nick oh. Paul begin roll a joint . paul Nice fire in Berkeley . 64 . nick do sheeni tell you that be I ? paul she do not have to . nick why ? be I a arsonist in a previous life ? paul no. but sheeni be . nick my God . what do she burn ? paul men. Men and boy . Paul hand the joint out to Nick . he regards it dubiously . int . george' manufactured home - day a empty hallway . psychedelic SOUND play . Nick come around the corner , literally float down the hall . he breaststroke through the air toward we . int . GEORGE and lacey' room - day he pass just under the door frame and come down , foot touch carpet . he look into the mirror and find François loung on the bed behind he . nick my God , François ! what be Paul smoking ? francois shut up and go with it . Nick shrug and open the top dresser drawer , revealing lacey 's lingerie . Nick start dance , do a strip tease for himself . we pan around the room , and when we reach Nick again , he 's wear nothing but a pair of lacey 's thongs . he model in front of the mirror , regard he bulg t.e . he remove a C - cup bra and hold it high . he use the elastic strap to fasten the bra onto he head . he start dance up a storm to the cheesy vengaboy rendition of brazil in he head . waving arm . bicycle leg movement . 65 . as he back up we can see that George be watch he from the doorway , a safeway bag in he arm . lacey peer over he shoulder . the music halt abruptly . GEORGE what the ... what the hell ? Nick give a startle jump . lacey be ..? be that my bra ? int . george' manufactured home - night Nick sit at the table , considerably more clothed and sober . George work on a jug of zin . GEORGE we be call that fruitcake display strike one . two more strike and it 's back to oakland . Nick nod . the front door open and mrs . crampton enter with safeway bag of she own . dwayne follow close behind she . dwayne hey , Nick ! Albert bark and jump at dwayne 's foot . nick uh ... hi , dwayne . what be you do here ? dwayne ai not ya hear . we be gonna be roommate ! ai not that zinky ? Nick look to he father in horror as dwayne go chase after the dog . mrs . crampton dwayne , get yer dumb ass back here and take yer sleepin ' pill . you must be Nick . wash yer hand , boy . I do not serve two shift . nick uh ... dad ? what 's go on ? GEORGE Mrs. crampton 's we new housekeeper . I be rent out the spare room to she see as she camper have be deem unfit for human habitation . 66 . nick what about dwayne ? GEORGE he 's bunk with you . nick dad ! GEORGE you work on strike two ? Nick lean back and glare in silent protest as everyone take they seat at the table . int . nick be room - night Nick try to shut out the sound of dwayne get into the creaky bed behind he . dwayne say , Nick . you wanna sleep in bed with I ? it will be ton warmer . nick no thank you , dwayne . a knock at the door . lacey enter . lacey this come for you , Nick . Nick sit up in bed to receive the letter . as lacey leave , he tear through the wax seal and unfold its content . dwayne be it a love letter , Nick ? nick I do not know , it 's in french . say , why do you mother give you sleep pill ? dwayne ` cuz otherwise I would stay up all night playin' nintendo Wii . say , Nick , can I walk Albert ? nick I do not know . dog do not grow on tree . dwayne pleeease , Nick ? 67 . nick okay . but it will cost you one sleep pill per walk . dwayne whatchu want they pill for , Nick ? nick you never know when sedative will come in handy . ext . george' manufactured home - day Nick emerge from the home . he make he way down the road . ext . my GREEN haven - day he stop at the familiar sight of my Green Haven . he get a amused smile and sigh with nostalgia . the front door of the trailer open and lefty emerge . Nick furrow he brow in confusion as lefty lock the door and come down the path . nick lefty ? lefty oh. hey , Nick ! nick lefty , what be you do here ? lefty I live here . the guy 's only charge I fifty in cash a month . nick I mean , what be you do in town ? lefty I do what you tell I , Nick . I throw my backpack off the pier and report my own suicide . I even leave a note . nick wow , lefty , I be kinda impressed . faking you suicide be pretty ballsy . lefty join Nick in he walk down the road . lefty so where you head ? 68 . nick redwood High School . lefty can I come ? nick why would you want to go to school if you do not have to ? lefty it 's weird , Nick , but school seem like a pretty fun place to hang out once you get rid of class and homework . nick I can see this stunt really have liberated you mind . lefty I be tell you , Nick : kill myself be the best thing that ever happen to I . int . cafeteria - day a rowdy cafeteria . lefty and Nick dine in the corner . Nick have a open french textbook as he try to decipher sheeni 's letter . a indian boy , vijay joshi , 16 , make he way to they . vijay May I sit at you table ? lefty sure . I be lefty and this be Nick . vijay I be vijay joshi . vijay sit and shake they hand . vijay I see you both have be reject by the socially elite of we school . ukiah be a cultural wasteland compare to India . though some of the girl be very attractive . nick do you have a girlfriend ? vijay not at the moment . but I be optimistic . how about you ? 69 . nick yes , but she transfer . vijay you do not mean sheeni saunder . I hear she be interested in some brilliant fellow in the Bay Area . lefty hey , that 's you , Nick . vijay I be surprised . you be not at all what I imagine . Nick narrow he eye . vijay so how be sheeni ? nick I do not know . she send I this letter . but it 's in french . vijay shall I translate it for you ? nick you speak french ? vijay I speak french , English , Hindi , marathi , and urdu . lefty that must come in handy . Nick hand over the letter and vijay start read it silently . he chuckle as he read and Nick squint he eye at he in annoyance . vijay pick up on it , clear he throat and read aloud . vijay dear , Nick ... int . sheeni be dorm room - sunset in Nick 's imagination , sheeni put pen to paper at she desk which afford a view of the sun set on the ocean . sheeni ( v.o. ) ... I be write you from my room in Santa Cruz . surprisingly , board school have prove to be a welcome liberation as well as ... 70 . int . girl bathroom - night sheeni ( v.o. ) ... a stimulate experience which I be now not so quick to change . sheeni slip into a nightgown as other girl walk around scantily clad behind she . sheeni perhaps you should consider learn french and enrol . that say ... int . école des art ET littérature - hallway - day sheeni chat up a gather of handsome boy in the hall . they regard she lustfully . sheeni ( v.o. ) ... English cannot be speak on campus even if you be hemorrhage from a accidental limb amputation . int . gymnasium - day sheeni ( v.o. ) I have make friend with the head of the girl ' basketball team . her name be Heather , and despite she popularity , she be save herself for college boy . heather , a slender giantess , pose with the other member of the basketball team for a yearbook photo . int . sheeni be dorm room - night sheeni ( v.o. ) I have a interesting roommate from New York name taggarty ... taggarty , short dark hair , intense green eye , Manhattan sophistication cloak in fragile ripeness , snap a Polaroid of a sleepy boy . sheeni ( v.o. ) she have already sleep with seventeen boy and hope to rack up fifty before leave here . taggarty tack the picture to a wall cover with Polaroid . she write the boy 's grade ( C - ) beneath he image . ext . beach - day the distant figure on the windsurf board can only be trent . 71 . sheeni ( v.o. ) trent have take up windsurf and have be designate target number one by all the girl . I be still very angry at he for the betrayal but he claim he want to mend we friendship . the figure fall into the surf and the crowd of watch bikini - clad girl gasp in horror . sheeni ( v.o. ) I guess we shall see . int . cafeteria - day vijay ( reading ) all in all , I be happy and look forward to further growth in this rich , intellectual environment . vijay set down the letter . Nick wait a beat , stare in disbelief . nick that 's it ? nothing else about I ? vijay pick up the letter again . vijay oh yes ... Love to you and Albert . ( set down the letter ) who 's Albert ? nick Albert be we dog . this be a disaster . what the hell do she mean trent want to mend the relationship ? vijay I do not know , but this taggarty girl sound very uninhibit . I wonder if she 's make it with a hindu yet . lefty Heather sound like a babe . you think if I grow a beard I would pass for college age ? nick I have get to get to sheeni as soon as possible . if I do not trent Preston be go to mindfuck she into think she do not like I . 72 . lefty and then he will probably fuck she in other way . do you know you be suppose to put you pinkie in a girl 's bumhole , vijay ? nick will you shut up and help I out ? lefty sorry , Nick . what should we do ? nick I suggest we steal my father 's BMW and take a trip to Santa Cruz . vijay , you will have to be we translator . vijay but what will we tell we parent ? lefty you can tell you father you be stay at Nick 's house for the weekend . and visa versa . nick good think . vijay but what if we be catch ? nick to hell with it , vijay . it 's time to take action ! three cut . the jingle as Nick remove he dad 's key from the bureau . the trunk slamming close with the sleep bag inside . the roar of the engine as vijay 's hand turn the key in the ignition . I /e. BMW 325i ( moving ) - day as vijay drive , lefty hold up a road map in the back seat . Nick place a CD in the stereo and take five fill the car . lefty what be this music , Nick ? nick it 's Dave brubeck . ( to vijay ) I think a person as culture as yourself would appreciate it . 73. vijay you want culture ? I will give you culture . vijay put in he own CD and ravi shankar 's tarana blast from the speaker . Nick give vijay a grin of approval . music plays over ... ext . redwood forest - day we fly through the forest to keep up with the beamer . ext . san francisco - day the BMW pass car on the Golden Gate Bridge . ext . pacific coast highway - day the beamer navigate the wind curve of the highway where green hill meet the Pacific Ocean . ext . école des art ET littérature - dusk the car pull to a stop in the parking lot , the school loom beyond , slightly obfuscate by a light drizzle . the music cut out with the engine . ext . école des art ET littérature - ground - dusk the grouping of boy part as we move through they . finally , we reach the center of they attention ... sheeni , taggarty , and Heather stand together in they coat . sheeni nickie ? Nick , vijay , and lefty be noticeably short than the older boy around they . nick hello , sheeni. ( to taggarty and Heather ) hi , I be Nick . taggarty oh . so you be Nick . heather we have hear so much about you . nick and this be vijay . and this be lefty . lefty go to usc . 74 . lefty and I be not gay . sheeni Nick , I know you would come ! sheeni glance over at the disapprove matron . she lean in close . sheeni ... but you must wait in the car until we can sneak you in . Nick nod in understanding . int . girl ' dorm - hallway - night a empty hall . the sneaky string of night on bald mountain . sheeni round the corner at the far end . as she and Heather sneak the boy down , the other occupant of the floor giggle in french and dart from door to door in near-undress . int . sheeni be dorm room - night a cement cubicle just big enough for a bunk bed , two small desk , a army surplus dresser , and a stuff armchair . sheeni pull a nightgown from the dresser . heather lefty , should maybe sleep in my room . it 's pretty crowded in here . lefty you roommate will not mind ? heather oh , darlene go home for the weekend . lefty gulp and pick up he grip . he pause in the hallway . lefty well , see you guy in the morning . the door close and vijay and Nick exchange a know glance . sheeni pardon I , everyone . sheeni step into the tiny closet to change . vijay and Nick regard the ... wall of taggarty' conquest a series of mug shot of sullen - look teenage boy . most of they have be give a grade of C - or below . 75 . nick there 's you competition . vijay a distinguished group I would be happy to join . the two boy turn around and watch in hot-bloode bliss as taggarty search for she misplace nightie . int . girl bathroom - night the two boy brush they pearly over the grungy sink . vijay I be in a state of sexual frenzy . what be you plan ? nick we drape a blanket over the lower bunk for sheeni and I . you tackle taggarty on the top bunk . here 's a condom . I slip two to lefty , leave we with four . vijay what if they do not go for it ? nick they will go for it . you can cut the sexual tension in that room with a knife . int . sheeni be dorm room - night sheeni do not be silly , darling . not with other in the room . ( lean in to whisper ) we must wait until everyone fall asleep . Nick try to appear unconcern . she give he a kiss and climb into she narrow bed . as Nick and vijay prepare they sleep bag on the floor , they watch taggarty climb up to she bunk in the sky . taggerty goodnight boy . do you need the light on to take off you clothes ? nick no. ( flipping off the light ) we can find we zipper in the dark . 76 . a beat of blackness . then a light tap at the door . there be the sound of sheeni get out of bed . she crack the door , let in just enough light from the hall that a male shadow get cast across the two boy on the floor . Nick squint and try to hear what sheeni and the male shadow be whisper to each other . after a beat , sheeni close the door and the room plunge into blackness once again . Nick listen as sheeni climb back into bed as if nothing happen . nick sheeni ? sheeni yes , Nick ? nick be that the matron ? sheeni no. beat . nick then who be it ? sheeni it be trent . beat . nick do you say it be trent ? sheeni yes . he come to discuss we friendship . I tell he now be not the time . nick so where be trent now ? sheeni I assume he go back to the boy ' dorm . now really , nickie , you be keep everyone awake with you inquiry . though silence follow , we take a moment to allow Nick 's mind to race in the dark . he stand and look at the mirror above the dresser . François can be make out sit by the window in the moonlight , stroking the Thompson . 77 . françois now be we chance . nick chance for what ? françois to confront we nemesis . we must go to the boy ' dorm and kill trent where he sleep . nick I suppose we should at least get a look at he . to see what we be deal with . françois very well . ( stubbing out he cigarette ) you see what we be deal with ... and zen I wll deal wiz it . and with that he cock the Thompson for dramatic flare . int . girl ' dorm - hallway - night Nick emerge from the room in nothing but he underwear and a whindbreaker . he creep down the hall . ext . ecole des art ET litterature - ground - night the school security van crawl by in the background , a searchlight sweeping the grounds . the moment it be out of sight , Nick dart from the bush of the girl ' dorm and race across the campus to the boy ' dorm . int . boy dorm - hallway - night Nick make he way down the hall , check the name on the color paper cut - out shape that adorn the door . he stop and backtrack when he spot the door that boast the name trent and ed . Nick knock on the door . it open inward to reveal a bare - chest , hulk athlete in a pajama pants . this be ed solomon . nick trent ? ed no . who the hell be you ? 78 . nick I be Nick twisp . ed oh , so you be Nick . nick be trent here ? ed you just miss he , Nick . he just grab a couple condom and leave . nick do he say where he be go ? ed I think he say he be go to Heather 's room . nick but that 's where lefty be . who be you ? ed ed. Ed Solomon . trent 's roommate . nick oh , so you be ed. ed what 's that suppose to mean ? nick nothing . it 's just that sheeni mention trent have a thing for a guy name Ed , and that he touch the guy when he fall asleep . but obviously if that be you , you would know about it . must be a different Ed Solomon . take care now . Nick take off run and Ed stare after he . ext . ecole des art ET litterature - ground - night the security van continue to make its round . we find Nick crouching behind the step to the boy dorm . he pull the hood of he windbreaker over he head and take a deep breath . as the searchlight pass by , he make a break for it . track with Nick as he dart from one form of cover to the next , perhaps accompany by the imagine sound of mortar blast and machine gun turret fire . 79 . at long last he reach the girl ' dorm undetected . int . girl ' dorm - hallway - night Nick bang on the door . Heather answer in little more than a g-string and Nick seem to forget he mission just long enough to appreciate she body . heather what 's up , Nick ? nick be trent in there ? heather not anymore . nick what happen to lefty ? lefty ( o.s. ) I be right here , Nick . Nick peer past Heather where he find lefty stand naked in the moonlight . heather trent be here , but he leave . he only drop by to lend we a couple more condom . nick but I give lefty two already . heather yes , and that be very generous of you , but the night be young . nick so what be trent , the fuck condom faerie !?! lefty you can have one of ours , Nick . if you need one . the fact that Nick do not yet raise he temperament even further . nick so where do he say he be go ? heather he do not say , but I be pretty sure I just see he go into we bathroom down the hall . 80 . nick thanks . oh , and I would be careful with that condom . trent 's roommate Ed say that trent poke hole in they so that he can get sheeni pregnant and be with she forever . and with that piece of disturbing info , he leave they . int . girl bathroom - night there be the clap of thunder outside as Nick throw open the door to the girl ' bathroom . he look around with murderous rage . there come the sound of someone vomit . Nick kick in the stall and find bernice lynch , 17 , a thin platinum haire girl with six earring per lobe . she hurl into the toilet again and turn around to find Nick . bernice who be you ? nick I be sheeni 's friend , Nick . sorry to disturb you . bernice that 's ok . it be something I eat . so wait , be you sheeni 's boyfriend ? nick uh , yeah . bernice my name 's bernice . bernice Lynch . not that you ask . nick Nice to meet you bernice . actually , I think trent Preston mention you . he say you be frumpy , but now that I have meet you , I can see trent be a lie bastard . bernice thanks . and trent can go to hell for all I care . sheeni too . nick you do not like sheeni ? 81 . bernice personally , I hate she gut . well , pardon I , Nick . I feel like throw up some more now . nick you do not happen to see trent Preston do you ? she wave he away as she bend over the sink to hurl again . then lift she face and smile through the drip bile . bernice I do actually . I think he be on he way to sheeni 's room . Nick 's eye widen in alarm . int . sheeni be dorm room - night Nick enter the dark room to the sound of the bed squeaking . vijay and taggarty grunt away on the top bunk . he watch the moon light form thumping together . he turn he attention to the sleep beauty on the bottom bunk . he move toward she . she blink , waking and smile at the sight of he . nick sheeni ? sheeni yes , darling . nick be trent here ? sheeni yes , Nick . Nick hang he head . sheeni but I send he away again . Nick stare into she eye to discern she honesty , but he find nothing but adoration . sheeni because I want you , darling . not even trent can match the industriousness and tenacity with which you have pursue I . 82. she smile . Nick smile too . she reach out to pull he into she bed as ... the door to the room slam open and they be suddenly backlit by the harsh beam of the matron 's flashlight . matron q'est que c'est passer ici ?!? Nick bolt upright , smack he head against the top bunk . he land on the floor , where he get a view of ... trent stand behind the matron . the blind light make he feature difficult to make out but he white tooth be definitely smile diabolically . ext . girl ' dorm - night the boy come out of the front door of the dormitory , the matron , flanke by school security guard , hot on they heel . the girl in the dorm appear on the balcony in drove , cheer the boy ' escape . vijay 's pants fall to he ankle , trip he up . Nick and lefty grab vijay by the arm and pull he up again as if he be a wounded war buddy in a retreat from the vietnamese Army . they reach the beamer at the edge of the grounds . Nick get in first . lefty dive through the back window , leg kick . vijay slam the door just as the matron and she security team catch up to they . the authority bang on the window as Nick peel out . indian pop blare from the car . they speed off into the night . I /e. BMW 325i ( moving ) - night lefty let out a holler of joy . lefty I do it three time ! two long one and a quickie . nick great . just great . how about you , vijay ? vijay it be difficult to tell with that condom , Nick . why do you buy such thick one ? nick that brand be top-rate by Consumers . 83. vijay well , she 's safe . no organism could penetrate that wall . nick you think the girl be in trouble ? vijay they will likely notify they parent . perhaps even expel they . nick that 's it ! expel they . then sheeni will have to come back to ukiah . the car sputter . Nick 's eye go to the gas gauge . ext . highway 101 - raining - night the rain be come down again . Nick shiver in he underwear . vijay be not in much more and lefty 's sheet be drench . vijay what will we do ? nick well , we can not stay in the car . sooner or later highway patrol be go to come by and ask for we non-existent driver 's license . lefty but we have no money ! vijay I have no shoe ! I will catch pneumonia and die a indeterminate proto-quasi-virgin ! ext . highway 101 - raining - night a couple coin be insert into a roadside pay phone . there be ringing on the other end . estelle ( v.o. ) hello ? nick ( into phone ) Mom ? it 's Nick . I be sorry to wake you , but I be hope you will help you only son . especially see as it would really piss off dad . a long beat . 84 . estelle ( v.o. ) where be you , Nick ? ext . highway 101 - raining - night the three boy be still stand in the rain by the pay phone . the three of they huddle under they only windbreaker . a pair of headlight appear in the rain . the headlight flash twice and Nick run out into the road . Pov truck driver Nick wave frantically in nothing but tightie-whity . the truck pull to a stop and the passenger door open to reveal , the driver , a man name wally rumpkin , a seven foot tall giant in a plaid shirt and bib overall . he look down at we three waylaid adventurer . wally pardon I . but be one of you Nick twisp ? the two other boy exchange confuse glance , not entirely if this be how people go miss . nick yeah . I be Nick . wally I be wally . I be a friend of you mom 's . Nick nod , not yet sure whether or not this gentle giant be actually blush with shyness or red with agitation at be send on a midnight mission . wally so , uhm , uh ... you mom say you need a ride . do I mention I be a friend ? Nick break into a smile . finally the god have cut he a break . int . estelle's kitchen - night wally and estelle watch the three semi-cloth boy shovel in fry liver with no complaint . estelle wally be a friend of Jerry 's . he come to help I in my time of mourn . 85 . nick what happen to lance ? estelle 's face register " none of you business , " but a kind look from wally and she soften . estelle lance be busy training to be a detective . he be not around as much as he use to be . Nick nod and go back to eat . estelle Mr. rumpkin be very smart . ask he a question , Nick . nick okay . Mr. rumpkin , what famous actress be marry to Frank Sinatra , artie Shaw , and mickey rooney ? lefty whoever she be , she sure get around . wally ava gardner . estelle smile with pride . Nick and the other boy regard the gentle giant with admiration . he bashfully avert he eye . estelle that 's nothing . you should see what he do with the live room . int . estelle's live room - moment later Nick and the other two boy pause in the doorway . where once the chevy occupy the space , the live room be now fairly return to it 's normal unclutter state with all the furniture place back in the original position . at some point wally must have saw a hole in the wall share by the live and dining area because the chevy now occupy that hole and have be paint and decorate such that it have achieve a almost seamless blend with the wall . estelle go and take a seat on the couch . estelle go ahead , wally . show they . wally blushes before he flip a switch and the tail light come on , give the live room a warm , flatter glow . 86 . nick , lefty , vijay ooooooh . wally flip another switch and the car 's radio turn on . nick , lefty , vijay aaaaaaah . wally make a slightly embarrassed gesture of scratch he head before lumber over to the couch and take a seat next to estelle . Nick watch as wally put he arm around he mother and they listen to the chevy play they elvis ' love I tender . the two adult snuggle in the glow of the tail light and it bring a unexpected rush of caring in he expression . ext . ukiah - day the truck rumble to a stop and the three boy climb out . Nick look , over he shoulder at wally blush behind the wheel of the truck . wally well , uhm ... it be nice meeting you , Nick . nick you too , Mr. rumpkin . wally blushes even more . he close the door and start to turn the truck around . Nick watch he go . wally wave goodbye . Nick turn and the three boy make they way down the dusty road . int . george' manufactured home - day lacey work up a sweat to billy blank . Nick come through the door . he 's still in he underwear . nick where 's dad ? lacey in the bedroom . I would not bother he , Nick . he 's in a foul mood . he 's on with the police . apparently someone break in and steal he beamer . lacey give Nick a amused smile . GEORGE ( o.s. ) lacey ! get in here ! 87 . lacey roll she eye and head for the bedroom . Nick sit down with dwayne at the breakfast table . dwayne Nick , you get a girlfriend ? nick yes , I do . dwayne if you ask you girlfriend as a favor , would she do it with I ? nick guy do not share they girlfriend . dwayne I get ya . you be worried `cause you girlfriend might get knock up . what if I pull out , Nick ? Nick seethes inwardly . there come a ruckus from the back bedroom and lacey emerge . lacey it 's not my fault , you tight - ass , critical , nonfeel , sexist drunk . GEORGE ( o.s. ) stick and stone . it do not bother I if you sleep on the couch from now on . lacey do it bother you that you be a selfish , uptight , boring lover ? nick you forget lousy driver ! George appear in the doorway . GEORGE that 's strike two , jerkoff ! Nick hang he head . George move about the kitchen chugge from a jug of zin . lacey pick up the ringing phone . lacey hello ? ( pause ) thank you . lacey hang up the phone . 88. lacey they find you car in davenport , George . go pick it up . GEORGE look who 's wear the pants this morning . lacey take a seat next to Nick and sigh . lacey Nick , I feel for you . it must be tough be a teenager in this house . nick my mother be not any better . lacey you mom have have a difficult time . she have have a great deal to put up with . I be start to appreciate that now . GEORGE be you by any chance refer to I ? lacey if the shoe fit , suck on it . George swill some zin and mumble ominously . GEORGE we will see who 's suck on what soon . int . cafeteria - day vijay I speak with taggarty this morning . she request a wallet size photo . Nick look up glumly from he lunch . lefty have he foot up on the table , he facial growth be almost respectable . lefty congratulation , vijay . that make it official . welcome to the club . Nick narrow he eye at the two non-virgin . nick what grade do you receive ? 89 . vijay a C +. which I feel be perfectly satisfactory give the condition . lefty I guess this mean they be not be expell . vijay no , apparently they convinced the matron it be all quite innocent . nick be you kid ? she have she flashlight train on you Hindi boner ! a beat . lefty and vijay seem take aback by the outburst . vijay no need to be jealous , Nick . Nick stand and collect he lunch tray . nick ( v.o. ) if I be to get sheeni expell and send back to I I will need a partner in crime . int . redwood high school - computer lab - day Nick enter the computer lab and find a open machine . nick ( v.o. ) luckily , François have a girl on the inside . Nick begin type and speak out loud . nick dear bernice , it be nice meeting you this weekend in the bathroom . int . bernice's room - day bernice read the letter . nick ( v.o. ) I just want you to know I now see why you loath sheeni saunder so strongly . int . headmaster's office - day sheeni , taggarty , and Heather sit across from the headmaster as the matron describe the event . 90 . nick ( v.o. ) I too have come to despise the snooty , pretentious brunette and in all honesty you should probably get she expell . I be happy to help in that regard . int . bernice's room - day nick ( v.o. ) I have include a number of sleep pill with this note . bernice dump the pill from the envelope . int . cafeteria - day nick ( v.o. ) you must introduce one of this into she breakfast beverage each day . bernice sit next to sheeni , despite the fact she 's be ignore . bernice drop a pill into sheeni 's coffee nonchalantly . int . classroom - day sheeni watch the instructor . nick ( v.o. ) she may be intelligent , but she be not likely to pass she course when she 's fall asleep in class . sheeni 's head slip off she hand as she drift off . we move across the classroom to where bernice scribbles in she notebook . nick ( v.o. ) since meeting you , I have come to realize my interest in sheeni be only a transient adolescent infatuation . I like you more than I can say . take courage . together we will outsmart this cake eater . a view of the notebook show she to be scribbling Nick 's name with heart . she flip through page of obsession . int . redwood high school - computer lab - day Nick 's finger fly across the key . he look pleased with himself . nick ( v.o. ) affectionately yours , Nick . 91 . he look around for observer , look back at the screen pensively , and resume type . nick ( v.o. ) p.s. please destroy this note immediately . on a mailbox as Nick deposit he letter . ext . george' manufactured home - evening Nick wander up the drive . we follow he into the house . int . george' manufactured home - continuous ... where he come upon the sight of Paul give lacey a foot message on the couch . nick where 's dad ? lacey ( dreamily ) daddy be in davenport . where you leave he car . paul we save you some mushroom , Nick . Nick watch the sensual foot message . he pick up the bag full of mushroom and consider they . int . bathroom - night Nick puke he gut into the sink . int . nick be room - night Nick 's in bed read lovemake for Advanced gourmet . he glance up at dwayne play nintendo and scowl . there come the strange warble sound of a trumpet from the next room , and it be join by other instrument until we hear the Nutley brass ' rendition of I want to be sedate . Nick furrow he eyebrow in confusion . on the book as the nude figure suddenly become animated , make wonderful love . Nick follow they with he eye as they float off the page . 92 . we follow Nick as he follow the nude figure who do acrobatics down ... the hall and into ... the live room where lacey watch Paul blow on he trumpet . Nick marvel . the phone ring . lacey Nick ? get the phone ? Nick pick up the phone and Paul take he place at lacey 's foot . nick ( into phone ) hello ? I /e. BMW 325i ( moving ) - night George cradle the cell phone . we intercut . GEORGE Nick ? be that you ? nick I be Nick twisp . I be alive . I be a breathe organism . GEORGE quit fool around , Nick . this be you dad . be everything okay there ? nick do not be afraid , dad . everything will be okay . you deserve to be love . GEORGE what the hell be that suppose to mean ? be lacey there ? nick lacey be here . Paul be caress she toe . GEORGE Paul ! who the hell be Paul ? 93. nick Paul be we friend . he make beautiful music for the acrobat . they be naked . GEORGE who 's naked ? be lacey naked ? nick do not be afraid , dad . Goodbye . he hang up the phone and pull out the cord . he join Paul in work lacey 's foot . nick dad be afraid . lacey he be on the wrong path . I have feel that for some time . int . nick be room - night Nick watch the headlight from the arrive BMW travel across the wall . they go out . he listen to the front door be key follow by he father bellow . Nick get up and wander into ... live room where Paul stand between George and lacey . paul okay , George , just calm down . George lunge and Paul sock he in the eye , drop he to the floor . GEORGE you be in serious trouble . you have assault I and I know for a fact that you two be have naked orgy with my son . that child be only twelve year old . George get to he foot . nick I be sixteen , dad . 94 . GEORGE shut you pie hole ! ( turn to lacey and paul ) that boy be a underage minor . I be go to have you arrest and charge with child molest . lacey do not be a idiot , George . no one be naked . GEORGE when you get out of prison , you will both have to register as sex offender . you will never be able to get a decent job again . paul I have never have a decent job . I do not think I would want one . lacey let 's go , Paul . George , I will pick up the rest of my thing tomorrow . GEORGE not until you pay I the rest of the money you owe . lacey I pay you all you money ! GEORGE not the extra charge . she get up in he face . lacey fuck-your-stinking - extra-charge . as lacey and Paul depart , Nick turn and dreamily wander back toward he room . GEORGE ( o.s. ) use bad language in front of a minor . the judge will hear about that too . Nick get back into he room and close the door behind he . swish to ... dwayne play nintendo naked . he look over he shoulder . dwayne what 's all the ruckus about ? 95 . nick dwayne ! please cover yourself . dwayne you wanna play nintendo all night ? nick of course not . I be tired . let 's go to sleep . Nick unplug the nintendo and climb into bed . dwayne just sit there on the floor , naked as a clam . int . nick be room - the dead of night nick ( v.o. ) a strange night . I dream of wrestle for what seem like hour with a amorous walrus ... Nick squirm with a amorphous blob , they wrestle against the red abstract background . int . nick be room - morning Nick 's bleary eye snap open and wander to the floor , where he pajamas lie in a crumpled pile . nick ( v.o. ) there be only one explanation : I have be dwayn . a pillow whacks across a blubbery face . nick wake up ! I know what you be do last night , you disgusting beast ! dwayne do not be mad , Nick . I like you . dwayne throw off he sheet . Nick shudder at the sight . ... which be when Mrs. crampton barge in .. mrs . crampton boy , time to get -- ahh ! dwayne ! where 's yer pajamas ? dwayne Nick make I take they off , Mom . he take off he too . mrs . crampton you leave my son alone . do not go co 'rupt he with yer nastiness ! 96 . nick we be not do anything , Mrs. crampton . it be just hot last night . mrs . crampton if you get hot , boy , open a window . do not go takin ' off yer pajamas . that 's nasty . int . george' manufactured home - day Nick dial on the phone . behind he , dwayne eat breakfast , cheerfully kick he foot back and forth under the chair . taggarty ( v.o. ) bonjour . nick taggarty ? it 's Nick . int . sheeni be dorm room - day taggarty 's at she desk . her thick rimmed glass almost make she look studious . we intercut . taggarty hey , Nick . I suppose you want to talk to sheeni . nick if you please . taggarty cross to the bunk , where sheeni be curl up among the sheet as if in some Renaissance portrait . taggarty it 's you would - be-lover . sheeni sleepily take the phone . sheeni Nick ? nick hello , my belove . how be you ? sheeni not so well . I have be afflict with some kind of chronic fatigue . nick perhaps you be home sick . you do sound rather blue . 97 . sheeni I be not home sick , Nick . in fact , I be not very happy with you . nick me? what do I do ? sheeni you know damn well , Nick . you have be spread rumor about trent . and he do not deserve it . nick do not deserve it !?! I would have to claim he have genital wart to sink to he level . sheeni well , whatever you say to Ed Solomon , it be enough to get he to give trent a black eye . nick sheeni , I just do not get it . this guy have cock - block at every turn and you be take he side ?!? sheeni cock-block ? ( sigh ) we will have to resume this another time , Nick . it 's be a emotionally exhaust weekend . my parent be in a uproar over Paul . he 's move some floozie in with he up in the studio over the garage . nick lacey 's not a floozie . sheeni lacey ? you know she ? nick of course . she 's my father 's ex - girlfriend . I think that might make you my stepmother - in-law . sheeni Nick . do not be gross . nick sorry . at any rate , I will let you go . we will have plenty of time to settle this tomorrow . 98 . sheeni tomorrow ? nick yes , sheeni , Thanksgiving . I will be come for dinner , of course . sheeni do not even think it , Nick . you know my parent do not approve of you . nick I be confident they will learn to love I . after all , I be practically family . sheeni Nick , you must dismiss this Thanksgiving notion from you mind . I remain firm on this issue . goodbye. click . Nick regards the phone defensively . he put it down and take a seat at the table . he glare at dwayne as they eat breakfast . there come a knock at the front door . nick do not move , blubber boy , I will get it . I /e. george' manufactured home - day a police officer stand on the step . Nick go wide eye at the sight of he and visibly slump . police officer be George twisp in ? nick uh , I be pretty sure he 's sleep off a hangover , Officer . be he under arrest ? police officer under arrest ? no , I be the officer work the case of he steal car . nick ah . police officer you can tell you pop that the CD he find in he car be ravi shankar . 99 . nick Excuse I ? police officer indian music . so we be a checkin' the INS file , see if we can get some print that match . you would not know anyone who might have steal the car who listen to this crap , would ya , son ? nick no , and I be not sure I like the implication . ravi shankar be beloved by many caucasian ... dwayne ( o.s. ) what about vijay joshi ? Nick stand stiff as a board . the officer peer around he at dwayne sit inside . dwayne I be pretty sure he 's injun . the officer make a note . police officer ( to himself ) vijay joshi . we will look into it . thank you , boy . Nick give a weak smile and close the door . nick ( v.o. ) Mrs. crampton complain to dad that I try to corrupt the fat pervert cohabitate with I . ext . george' manufactured home - day Nick tote box of belonging from the house to the crampton 's dilapidate camper . nick ( v.o. ) he have deem it strike three , but be only banish I as far as Mrs. crampton 's condemn trailer . int . camper - night a view of the thin birch wall . we come to rest on Nick , shiver under a electric blanket . there 's a blob of snot on he upper-lip . 100 . nick ( v.o. ) no matter . tomorrow I will be reunite with my everlasting Love . and I will not be stop . not by a outbreak of the plague , nor by a cruel return of the ice-age . not even by the god themselves . ext . george' manufactured home - day the velvet voice of the Rat pack come from the home . Nick emerge from the camper wrap in the electric blanket . he scurries into the house . int . bathrroom - day Nick shower . Nick straighten he Garcia tie in the mirror . he apply hair gel . Nick examine the whitehead on he brow . he pinch and a glob of puss smack the mirror . int . george' manufactured home - hallway - day he emerge into the hall and dance with a invisible partner into the ... live room where the phone ring . he flip off the stereo with the remote and snatch up the phone . nick twisp residence . estelle ( v.o. ) Nick ? nick oh. hey , Mom . what 's up ? estelle ( v.o. ) nickie , I have some bad news ! Nick sigh . nick okay . I be ready . what be it ? estelle ( v.o. ) I be afraid lance and wally get into a terrible row . he try to arrest wally and wally break lance 's jaw . 101 . nick what 's the bad news ? estelle ( v.o. ) the Berkeley police know you start the fire . lance tell they where you be . Nick glance up and see the black and white patrol car pull up outside . estelle ( v.o. ) Nick , they be come to arrest you ! he slam down the phone . ext . george' manufactured home - day the window slide open and Nick come crawl out , leaping to the ground . he take off run through the wood . ext . my GREEN haven - day Nick pound on the door . lefty ( o.s. ) Nick ? Nick turn to find lefty come up the path with two bag of grocery under he arm . nick lefty , have you see vijay , today ? lefty Nick , have not you hear ? vijay 's be arrest . nick arrested ?!? lefty for grand theft auto . they find he print in you father 's car . nick that 's terrible . do he go quietly ? lefty no . he say you be he accomplice and now the ukiah police be look for you ! we linger a beat on Nick 's blank expression . then - 102 . ext . wood - dusk we be off and run through the wood , try to keep up with Nick as he flee . nick ( v.o. ) the day have prove to be a disaster . where do I go wrong ? I have a decision to make . ext . cover bridge - night the spotlight from the overhead helicopter sweep over the bridge and continue down the road . nick ( v.o. ) I could hit the road and spend my life a fugitive with my integrity nearly intact . under the bridge Nick squat in the shadow . he 's hold a bouquet of municipal flower and dab the sweat on he head with he tie . nick ( v.o. ) it 's that or risk incarceration to keep my dinner date . ( beat ) obviously the answer be clear . ext . saunder ' mobile home - night Nick peer through the bush at the mobile home across the street . a squad car crawl past , the rover squawk a terse description of a teenage white male . Nick emerge from the shrub and approach the house . he ring the ornate victorian doorbell . Paul answer in a apron . paul hello , Nick . right on time . come in . int . saunder ' mobile home - night lacey float toward he and give he a hug . nick happy Thanksgiving , lacey . she spot the sad flower in he hand . 103 . lacey what interesting flower , Nick . who be they for ? nick uh , Mrs. saunder . lacey lead he by the hand into the chintz-bedeck parlor . sheeni 's larger - than -life father and 5,000 year old mother sit cross - legge on the floor , run they hand over the hook rug . lacey Mr. and Mrs. saunder , you remember Nick twisp , do not you ? Mrs. saunder coo and take the flower . her husband squint up at he . mr. saunder you be very , very tall . paul no he 's not , dad . he just appear tall because you be on the floor . mr. saunder I can feel the floor push against I . can you feel it too , tall youth ? Nick glance over at Mrs. saunder who be now eat the flower . lacey Paul serve a appetizer earlier . paul yes , it 's a recipe I pick up in the Southwest . stuff mushroom . Nick smile with amusement . taggerty ( o.s. ) hello , Nick . taggarty make she entrance down the stair , cloak in a green cape . taggerty how be the star-cross persistent lover ? she greet he with a casually intimate kiss . 104 . nick okay , I guess . where 's sheeni ? taggerty upstair , Nick . she see you come and hide in she room . int . sheeni be room - night Nick knock and enter to find sheeni sprawle on the bed with a book . nick dinner be almost ready , my Love . sheeni I do not intend to be party to my brother 's absurdity . he have allow you in and drugge my parent . nick I think they be derive some good from the experience . sheeni finally look up from she book . sheeni what be you do here , Nick ? I expressly ask you not to come . nick to hell with that . what do I have to do to prove my love to you ? my friend have get laid and I be pretty sure neither one of they be beat with a tree trunk , rape by a walrus , or have to contend with the like of trent Preston ! sheeni you be rape by a walrus ? nick sheeni , I have show restraint , I have commit crime , I have travel to the length of the state and still you will not give I this one little thing . sheeni sex , Nick . why do not you just say it ? that 's what you want . you want I to have sex with you . 105 . nick ( beat ) well ... yeah ! a beat as Nick 's open admission make she consider he point . she sigh and shake she head . sheeni how be my dog ? nick excellent . he should be come out of the oven right about now . she toss the book at he , but he dodge it successfully . sheeni I hate you , nickie ! she stand up and try to slap he . he grab she wrist and pull she to he . nick I hate you too . they share a long , intense kiss . they break away and she smile in spite of herself . int . saunder ' mobile home - night the saunder and extend family take they seat at the polished mahogany table cramme with turkey , yam , mashed potato , and cranberry sauce . they all lower they head and lacey lead they in prayer . lacey dear Lord ... Mr. saunder emit a long , low , fog horn of a fart that end badly . the other exchange glance but he and he wife still have they head solemnly bow . lacey dear Lord , thank you for this bounty . help we to be tolerant of other - especially the boyfriend and girlfriend of we immediate relation . amen . everyone amen . 106 . they begin eat . a helicopter pass by outside , search light briefly come through the window . Nick watch Mr. saunder take a handful of mashed potato and apply it to he face like war paint . mrs . saunder Paul ? you father look rather strange . paul well , mother , he be sit in he own bowel movement . mrs . saunder that 's no excuse . another helicopter pass overhead . taggarty the food be delicious , Paul . paul thank you . ( beat ) sister , darling , how long have it be since we all observe the ritual of Thanksgiving ? sheeni not long enough , Paul . nick I hope it 's the first of many such occasion for I . sheeni narrow she eye at he . a long beat as they all dine in silence . then - Mrs. saunder croak out in song . mrs . saunder siiiilent night , hooooly night / aaaall in calm , aaall be bright ... Paul begin hum approvingly and one by one the other accompany she as Mr. saunder pretend to conduct they with a drumstick . everyone round yon virgin mother and child / Holy infant so tender and mild / sleep in heavenly peace ... sle -eep in heavenly pee-eace . 107 . and with that , the doorbell ring . taggarty get up and open the door . taggarty oh , trent , you make it . Nick glance up with a start as trent preston make he entrance . he 's not quite the deity Nick 's expect , but rather a fairly plain , blond with slightly androgenous feature and a certain flamboyance . his black eye , courtesy of Ed Solomon , still remain . trent hello , taggarty . hello , everyone . Mr. saunder grunt he acknowledgement as he take the pitcher and pour water into he own lap . sheeni trent , darling , this be Nick . trent swivel slowly around and they lock eye . trent Nick , at last we meet . nick hello , trent . taggarty have a seat , trent . trent I be sorry , taggarty , I can not stay . I have bad news . sheeni what be it ? trent bernice Lynch have try to commit suicide . sheeni and taggarty gasp . Nick swallow hard . trent she swallow a number of sleep pill , and be now in a coma . sheeni the poor girl . trent there 's more . before I leave school , I searched she room . 108 . nick do you obtain proper authorization from the official ? trent no , Nick , I act on my own initiative . in bernice 's closet , I find this letter . he dramatically extract the letter from he pocket . trent in the letter , the writer instruct bernice to begin sedating sheeni with drug he himself supply . taggarty Nick , you do not ! nick well , you see ... sheeni Nick ! you could have kill I ! mr. saunder who die ? trent no one yet , Mr. saunder . Mrs. saunder point a liver spot finger in he direction . mrs . saunder arrest he ! trent I can not arrest he . but I have call the Santa Cruz Police . they be on they way here now . Nick place he napkin next to he plate and stand . nick well , I shall be go now . please continue without I . trent Nick , I suggest you remain here and face the consequence like a man . Nick stop in front of trent . 109 . nick thank you for that unsolicite counsel , trent . and please , do drop dead . the other guest murmur they shock . Nick stop in the doorway . nick Goodbye , sheeni . I do it all for you . sheeni you be completely contemptible , Nick twisp . I never wish to see you again . with the dreadful proclamation ringing in he ear , Nick leave . ext . wood - night Nick 's silhouette figure racing through the tree . nick ( v.o. ) here I be , revile by friend and family . relentlessly pursue by three police jurisdiction . Nick stop at the edge of the wood to catch he breath . nick ( v.o. ) Fronçois suggest we flee the country . but where to go ? Mexico ? Canada ? India , perhaps ? he look up the road which have be block off by flash squad car . ext . los angele - establishing - day the downtown high - rise protrude from the layer of smog . in pre-lap , someone push a door buzzer repeatedly . int . joanie' apartment - day joanie open the door and find Nick on she doorstep . nick uh , hi , joanie . how 's it go ? joanie Nick ? 110 . int . joanie' apartment - later nick ( v.o. ) since my sister can see through I , I be oblige to give a relatively candid and thorough review of the event . joanie listen gravely , shaking she head at the most gruesome part of the story . Nick finish , flopping into a chair . joanie Nick , six month ago you be just another brownnose honor student . what happen ? nick I be not really sure . I fall in love with sheeni . all I want be to be with she . the rest be all a big misunderstanding . joanie Nick , you have steal , vandalize , trespasp , and burn down Berkeley . all for one girl . if there 's a misunderstanding , it 's with you insight into female . nick but ... but where do I go wrong ? joanie Nick , boy you age be always look for the path of least resistance to become a man . a boy 's whole self - esteem rest on how fast he can get a girl into bed . nick so far , I agree . joanie sooner or later what that boy realize , be that the girl you be chase base they self - esteem on how many hoop they can get the boy to jump through before go to bed with he . Nick furrow he brow . clearly that have not occur to he . joanie so I guess what you should ask yourself be : how far be you willing to go ? 111 . Nick nod in understanding . a epiphanic smile . nick all the way , joanie . I be willing to go all the way . joanie nod in amusement . joanie you can stay here a couple day , but eventually they will come look for you . I do not have much money to give you , but here . Nick take the wad of cash , clearly move . nick thanks , joanie . I ... uh ... I love you . joanie I love you too , you little brat . int . los angele bus terminal - day Nick slap the cash on the counter and slide it under the window . nick one ticket to ukiah , please . int . lance's dump - bathroom - day lance squat on the toilet in a neck brace . he chuckle over a issue of penthouse . the phone ring . he pick it up lance yeah . nick ( v.o. ) hey , bacon boy , it 's Nick . lance Nick , ya little prick , where be ya ? ext . los angele bus terminal - day Nick be cramme into the phone booth . he 's wear shade and a fedora . we intercut . nick you be on a need to know basis , gorilla boy . lance seethes inwardly . 112 . lance no matter , they will get you eventually . nick let I make it easy . I will be at redwood High School tomorrow morning . round up you do nut dip friend . I be turn myself in . Nick slam down the phone before lance can respond . I /e. bus ( moving ) - day Nick sit by the window , the suitcase on the seat next to he . ext . ukiah - day and the bus fly past the sign that say welcome to ukiah . ext . ukiah bus stop - night Nick step off the bus and find lefty load he belonging underneath . nick lefty ? lefty lift he eye and see he friend . lefty Nick ? what be you do here ? everyone and they mother 's mother be look for you . nick they have I soon enough . where be you go ? lefty Home . I be do be dead , Nick . Heather and I be go back to oakland for Christmas . you should have hear how glad my parent be that I do not kill myself . they be even happier when they find out I be not gay . nick that 's great , lefty . lefty yeah , be in love be pretty great . so what 's you plan , Nick ? 113 . Nick answer with only pensive silence . ext . paul' hideout above garage - night Nick be about to knock on the door when Paul open it in another display of clairvoyance . paul welcome back , Nick . we have a feel you be come . int . paul' hideout above garage - later Nick sit beside Paul and lacey on the couch as they watch the infamous " chicken scene " in rebel without a cause . nick ( v.o. ) Paul and lacey be kind enough to share some leftover fungi to help calm my nerve . that , combine with yet another view of James Dean 's performance be what give I my final burst of inspiration . they all watch transfix as jame dean leap from he automobile just in time to escape demise . int . paul' hideout above garage - later as the end credit of rebel play behind they , lacey fit a bombshell wig on Nick 's head and finish the last touch of make - up that make he ... ... who we will come to know as carlotta ulansky . Nick regards he female alter-ego in the mirror . nick ( v.o. ) François of course want no part of this , and demand that we make a run for the border . but I have decide to veto he . it 's time to face the music . int . BMW 325i - day Nick turn the key in the ignition and christmas music rise from the speaker . and the music play over ... ext . redwood high school - day ... where a crowd begin to form in anticipation of Nick 's arrival . Nick watch from behind a tree on the ridge . dissolve to : 114 . ext . redwood high school - later ... where police car and news crew be pull up to interview the student . dissolve to : ext . redwood high school - later the parking lot be now fill with police cruiser and FBI van , the news crew , redwood high student , and a apparently california wide nick twisp cult following . tina manion , 17 , speak into a student news crew camera . tina this be Tina manion report live at redwood High in ukiah where local law enforcement as well as the FBI await the promise arrival of Nick twisp . there come a murmur from the crowd and Tina direct the student camera-man to the road on the ridge where ... George 's BMW pull to a stop overlook the school . GEORGE hey . that 's my car ! the crowd hush as the door open and Nick emerge . nick's Pov of the parking lot below , which look like the kind of turn out one would expect of a Star Wars prequel . on the various face of the crowd stare up in silence . estelle , wally , vijay , trent , dwayne , George , lacey , Paul ... Nick give a little wave as if he be a celebrity . the parking lot erupt with cheer of he name . a few Berkeley kide hold up a sign that read I 'm single , let be mingle . then - shout of warning from the megaphone . and as the flasher and siren come to life , Nick jump back into he father 's car and peel out . I /e. BMW 325i ( moving ) - day Nick glance in the rear view mirror as the cop bear through the cloud kick up in he wake . 115 . Nick pop in a CD and turn up the Christmas music to drow out the siren . ext . cover bridge - day he zip across the cover bridge , the train of law enforcement in hot pursuit . I /e. BMW 325i ( moving ) - day he yank the wheel hard and veer off onto the mountain road . a few of the squad car miss the turn and skid side - long through a picket fence . Nick take the switchback at 60 per , wheel practically slide off the turn . ext . bluff over clear lake - day the BMW crest the hill and smashes through the chain link gate . I /e. BMW 325i ( moving ) - day as Nick watch the quickly approach cliff edge , he undoe he seat belt . he go for the door handle , eye go wide when he find power lock have engage . ext . bluff over clear lake - day the BMW hurtle off the bluff and soar through the air , tire spin , a plume of snow blow off the hood . the car descend into a nose dive and flip completely upside - down , hit the ice cover surface of clear Lake with a thunder smack . Police car swerve to a stop at the edge of the bluff and the crowd of officer and agent peer over the side at the hole in the ice . underwater the BMW descend toward we in a storm of air bubbles . as it gently touch down at the bottom of the lake , a somber trumpet solo come in pre-lap and we be ... ext . cemetery - day where a crowd of family , friend , and fan stand around in mourn garb over the funeral ceremony . 116 . nick ( v.o. ) my only comfort regard my untimely death be know my friend and family will do just fine without I . we move from lacey and Paul , the latter of which be wail away on the trumpet , to lefty , he head hang low . Heather pull he head to she breast . nick ( v.o. ) as it would turn out Heather 's vaginal canal be slightly misshapen ... int . hill above uc campus - flashforward - day lefty humping Heather in the grass ala the scene in which we meet he . nick ( v.o. ) ... and thus completely compatible with lefty 's otherwise incongruent penis . heather a little to the right ... a little ... right there ! right there ! rightthererightthererightthere ! ext . cemetery - day ... where we find vijay glance over at taggarty as she smoke a cigarette . nick ( v.o. ) vijay would eventually manage to pin the car theft on I . but have lose the attention of taggarty forever . who by the way ... int . sheeni be dorm room - flashforward - night nick ( v.o. ) ... never would find she perfect A. taggarty at she wall . Ed Solomon lounge in the bed behind she . nick ( v.o. ) and would therefore start grade on a curve . with a quick stroke of she pen , she change Ed 's grade from a B minus to a B plus . 117 . ext . cemetery - day ... where we find joanie sniffle . nick ( v.o. ) joanie of course would get to continue to travel the world ... int . airplane ( 35,000 ft ) - flashforward - day joanie serve up a beverage in first class . nick ( v.o. ) ... and she and she breast would probably go on to have the wonderful life that they deserve . the celebrity she be serve look from she cleavage to she eye . she give a little smile . ext . cemetery - day ... where we find estelle weep quietly against wally 's shoulder . nick ( v.o. ) wally as it turn out ... int . jeopardy studio - flashforward - night estelle watch from the audience as wally scribbles at he podium while alex trebeck host inaudibly . nick ( v.o. ) ... would go on Jeopardy and win , ensure my mother 's bless rise to a higher economic status . the answer on wally 's screen say who be albert camus ? Alex trebeck shake he head , leave wally with only $ 1 , but enough to best he two competitor . ext . cemetery - day ... where we find George puffing on a cigar , Mrs. crampton behind he , he hand rest on dwayne 's shoulder . nick ( v.o. ) ... my father , no longer burden with crippling child support payment , would now be able to afford the model BMW he always want ... 118 . I /e. BMW m6smg - moving - flashforward - day dwayne stick he head out the window and shout with glee as he flab flap in the wind . nick ( v.o. ) ... and would come to find the surrogate son he always want in dwayne , the only organism alive that could possibly appreciate George 's drive . as the car accelerate , we see the vanity plate read thunder rod . nick ( v.o. ) leave just one last piece of business . ext . cemetery - day and finally we arrive on sheeni , expressionless . and as we continue to pan we reach ... carlotta stand in the background . the bombshell haircut and thick glass can barely be make out through she veil . Paul finish he trumpet solo and there be a moment of silence to observe the open casket and the single , let' mingle shirt and short that be be bury inside . ext . cemetery - dusk sheeni make she way toward the line of limo and hearse . she approach the distant carlotta . sheeni Excuse I . be you a friend of Nick 's ? carlotta look up , startle . she compose herself and shake sheeni 's hand . nick / carlotta a terribly old friend . carlotta ulanksy . I be sorry for you loss . sheeni you should not be , carlotta . I be no doubt culpable for Nick 's action . nick / carlotta well , love do compel we to desperate act . people can not always act rationally . ( more ) 119 . nick / carlotta ( cont would ) the great the love , the stronger the passion , the more reckless the crime . sheeni let go a slight , wistful smile . sheeni yes , carlotta . Nick have wonderful a way of make I feel worthy of the pursuit . nick / carlotta my dear , if there 's one thing the demise of Nick twisp have teach I , it 's that self worth come from within . sheeni give a pensive nod . sheeni would you like to stay the night , carlotta ? we can reminisce of we depart . nick / carlotta oh , my . a kind offer , but I really must ... sheeni it 's just ... I do not think I could bear to be alone tonight . carlotta do she best not to look conflict , but it show . int . sheeni be room - night carlotta hurriedly finish tucking herself in while sheeni brushes in the bathroom . carlotta hastily switch out the light . sheeni emerge in a few small scrap of flimsy black lace . nick / carlotta goodness . what a attractive negligee . sheeni do you like it ? I buy it in Santa Rosa last fall . I have hope to wear it for Nick . nick / carlotta oh , darling , I be sure he would have find it most ... appeal . sheeni crawl into bed . she cuddle close . 120 . sheeni I like lie here with you , carlotta . nick / carlotta you do ? sheeni I can not think of anyone I would rather lie here with . carlotta furrow she brow . sheeni except maybe Nick . if Nick be here , what do you suppose he would do to I ? nick / carlotta make love to you I would think . sheeni then why do not you ? nick / carlotta pardon ? sheeni take off that silly wig and make love to I ! sheeni tug off the wig and toss it across the room . nick sheeni ! you know ! sheeni of course , Nick . do you really expect to fool you soul mate with such a disguise ? Nick swoon , grasp she gauze - glaze nakedness . sheeni take I darling ! and as they engage in a feverish kiss , rousing hymn surge . the church chorus ' joyful song ring hallelujah . the two lover be entwine before a abstract red background . las vega of the body into the nick's penis nightclub where champagne bottle pop with the ringing in of a new era , and the leopards roar , and the stage erupt with firework . 121 . int . sheeni be room - morning Nick sleep with a grin on he face . he rouse at the touch of sheeni 's lip on he cheek . sheeni my parent be at service . they will not be back for hour . nick shall we have breakfast , my love ? sheeni what a lovely notion , darling . you go ahead downstairs and get thing start . sheeni haul herself out of bed and grab the phone off the cradle . nick what be you do ? sheeni Calling taggarty to report that you be not completely incompetent in the bedroom . nick do I get to stay and hear my grade ? sheeni not a chance , Mr. twisp . such thing be reserve for girl talk only . and for good reason . she smile at he and he smile back . nick very well , sheeni . do not be long . int . saunder ' mobile home - day Nick prance into the live room in he underwear . he start to head into the kitchen when he catch sight of the full length mirror out of the corner of he eye . he stop in front of the mirror and flexe he biceps . admire himself . François appear in the mirror behind Nick , Thompson sling over he shoulder . nick well , good morning , François . what do you think ? 122. françois what do I sink ? I sink now 's be chance to run for ze hill . Nick lower he arm and furrow he brow . nick what do you mean ? françois Nick , we be young , yes ? be the world not we oyster ? beaucoup des fille . do you not want to know what it be like to make love to another girl ? nick I do , but ... we have come so far . what about sheeni ? françois forget sheeni . yes , she will always be ze first conquest , but all zis time you saught zis be ze end , ze one and only , when in fact it be only ze beginning . Nick lift he eyebrow with dawn epiphany . in the reflection we can see behind Nick as Albert leap onto the love seat and bark at the sound of approach siren . Nick run to the window just in time to see half a dozen law enforcement vehicle pull up . nick sheeni , the police be here ! he duck down from the window as a chopper buzze overhead . nick Quick ! maybe I can sneak out the back ! megaphone ( o.s. ) nick twisp ! we have you surrounded ! nick I do not understand . how do they even know I be alive ? sheeni ( o.s. ) well , I call they of course . Nick spin to face she . she 's stand in the doorway and there 's not a hint of wrong -do in she face . 123. nick well , thanks a pantsful ! sheeni but , nickie , it have to be do . nick but ... but why ? sheeni I can not very well marry a want man , honey . look at it this way , in a few month you will be a free man and we can be together in Paris . Nick look to François in disbelief . but the frenchman just roll he eye . françois you might as well break it to she now , Nick . a long pensive beat as Nick contemplate tell she he may never see she again . but behind sheeni 's air of control , Nick finally see the vulnerability he 's have in he hand all along . nick ( v.o. ) François be right of course , but on the other hand , why be cruel ? after all , sheeni have manage to give I hope every step of the way . and if hope be what sheeni would now need to go on , well then ... nick as always , you be right , my love . sheeni beam . François smack he forehead with hand . françois merd . the frenchman in the mirror stick the barrel of the Thompson in he mouth and blow himself out of frame just as ... ... the front door burst open and the FBI agent surround Nick . ext . saunder ' mobile home - day the agent lead Nick to the caravan of law enforcement park in the road . 124 . nick ( v.o. ) arrested ? ha . it may not appear so , but the truth be ... I have get the world on a string . sheeni emerge from the home , Albert bark in protest . Nick strain against he cuff to look over he shoulder at she . sheeni write often , nickie . nick I will , darling . sheeni and do not worry about Albert . he will be wait for you too . nick ( v.o. ) as François would remind I , I be intelligent , healthy , virile , not violently ugly ... on the whole I be splendidly equip for this great adventure we call the human existence . the FBI agent shove Nick into the back of they black saturn . int . saturn ( moving ) - day Nick watch out the back window as the car pull away . a view of sheeni wave in the road , Albert at she foot . nick ( v.o. ) besides , what jury would convict a teenager who act out of love ? and even if I do get to spend the next few month of my youth get dwayn by the inmate of the California juvenile correctional system , I do get my thirty two minute of lovemake with one of the most outstanding girl of this or any other epoch . Nick turn to face the front while behind he the wave figure get ever more distant . a pensive moment as he actually question ... nick ( v.o. ) but be it all worth it ? Nick revisit that thirty two minute in he mind and it bring a smirk to he face . 125 . nick ( v.o. ) you bet you leave nut it be . and as Tom Jones ' she' a lady kick in , we ... the end