tom sawyer screenplay by Stephen sommer base on Mark twain 's " the adventure of Tom sawyer " rewrite by David loughery and ron koslow laurence Mark productir revise draft September 6 , 1994 | fade in : ext . hannibal , missouri - night Dark cloud drift across the moon . here on Earth , in the village of hannibal , a brisk wind stir the treetop , @rive dead leave down dark , empty street . it 's October , 1845 , almost Halloween , and if this be a dress rehearsal for that night of spooky pleasure , then Halloween be sure to be a smash . ext . MAIN STREET a black cat dart across we path and run up the side of a tree . — we push in on - the tree . thunder rumble . lightn flash , illuminate a boy 's name carve into the trunk of the tree : * tom sawyer . " a dark figure stalk past the tree . we pan it down the street toward a grim building whose overhange sign , shape like a coffin , read : " dr . j.r. robinson undertaker and taxidermist . " int . doc robinson's embalming room - night flicker candlelight illuminate a gruesome scene . the corpse of a elderly man be laid out on a slab . the man be dress in a dark suit . his face be rouge and powder , he eye be close and he hand have be fold across a Bible rest on he chest . hover over he , vuiture - like , be doc robinson , hannibal 's only undertaker , a man as gaunt and cadaverous as any body he have ever embalm . at the moment , Doc be try to create the proper look of contentment on the corpse 's face , use he finger to prod the pliable face muscle into a heavenly smile . but he can not get it right . doc robinson {under he breath ; grumble ) smile , damn you . that 's when the door swing open , let in a gust of wind . some of the candle flicker and blow out , give the room a darker , more macabre ambiance -- appropriate lighting for the entrance of injun joe . 2 Dee Robinson turn and glare at the intruder -- a tall half - breed with long black hair , penetrate eye and sharp , satanic feature . he be the dark figure we see moment ago , hannibal 's scourge , injun Joe . doc robinson ( continue ) shut the door ... injun Joe 's eye narrow to mean slit . he do not like be order about . ' but he close the door and come into the room . injun joe ( ill - tempere ) what do you want ? doc robinson I have a job for you . injun joe what kind of job ? doc robinson it 's heavy work , we will need another man ... injun Joe peer through Doc -- know he 's up to no good ... injun joe when do you want it do ? doc robinson tomorrow night ... '' injon joe where ? doc robinson the graveyard . injun Joe raise and eyebrow ... doc robinson ( continue ) unless you be afraid . oturn back to he work ) the job pay two dollar . take it or leave it ... injun Joe casually pull a silver knife from inside he coat ... injun joe I will take it . ( a beat ) but the job pay three dollar injun Joe very delicately wipe the blade of he ko en Doc Robinson 's chest , where he heart should be . injun joe ( continue ) unless you think I deserve more . pdoc robinson ( terrify ) no , no . Three dollar sound fair . injun Joe wink at Doc Robinson , then turn and stride out the door , let it slam behind he . the result wind blow out the remain candle . Doc Robinson be leave tremble in the darkness . cur to : ext . hannibal - clock - night eell begin to toll the hour of midnight . CUT to : int . tom sawyer' bedroom - night close on a clock sit on a night stand between two bed . as the minute hand move to midnight , we hear cover rustling and pan over to tom sawyer as he sit up in bed , eye flash with excitement . Tom throw off he cover to reveal that he 's completely dress and ready for action . Tom swing out of bed , a rugge , good - look kid of twelve . he shoot a look at he cousin sidney who occupy the other bed , snore peacefully . sid be a year young than Tom and he opposite in every way . outwardly a model boy , sid be actually a mean , sneaky , little tattletale . Tom , on the other hand , be a pure force of unbridle nature , bear for trouble and adventure . he go to the window , raise it and be halfway out when he hear : siid and where do you think you be go ? > Tom turn . sid be sit up in bed , smile with smus superiority , have catch Tom in the act of sneaxing over . but Tom do not seem worried . tom go back to sleep , sid . I be just runnin ' away from home . sid again ? tom this time for good . ( can not contain he excitement ) I and Joe harper and Ben Rogers be goin ' to New Orleans to be steamboat man . sid not if I tell aunt polly ! sid be about to open he mouth and shout " aunt polly ! " when Tom pounce on he and clamp a hand over he mouth , tom I have a feelin ' you be gonna be you usual nasty self so I rig up a little surprise . as sid struggle , Tom reach under the bed , pull up handfuls of rope that he have already secure to the bed frame . as sid thrashes , Tom tie he to the bed and shove a dirty sock in he mouth to stifle he cry . tom ocontinue ) and just so you will not be lonely ... Tom reach under the bed and bring up a topless glass jar which he balance on sid 's heaving chest . sid 's eye cross and bug out when he see what 's in the jar -- a big black spider ! sid be terrify of spider . he freeze . tom ( continue ) that 's a black widow . sid -- the most poisonous spider in the whole world . you knock over that jar and she 's gonna be mad . sid do not dare move . Tom saunter to the window . tom d4eontinue ! ' course , I could be wrong Te might just be a harmless fruit spider . but there 's only one way to find out ... and with a grin , Tom be go out the window . sid stare at the spider in the jar , try to keep completely still . hk big drop of sweat run down he forehead . ext . house - night Tom shimmy down the drainpipe and be go into the night . ext . the back alley of hannibal _ Tom run for all he 's worth , heart soar with boyish excitement . right on cue , joe harper hop over a fence and join he . a moment later , BEN rogers come through a gate and the three boy race through the night . ext . MAIN STREET the shadow of Tom , Joe and Ben flash across the dark storefront , the boy zoom around a corner and put on the brake so they do not collide with muff potter , the town drunk who be amble along . muff be a friendly good - heart fellow , a buddy to all the boy in hannibal . tom hey , muff ! muff howdy , boy . where ya head this time of night ? tom we be runnin ' away from home . muff {good - naturedly ) oh , I use to do that all the time -- ' till home run away from I . come back one day and everybody be go ... tom where would they go ? muff ( chuckle ) as far away as they could . Joe and Ben look at bit nonpluss . be this a cautionary tale mufi ' 's tell ? tom {to the boy ) come on muff do not let I stop you . Tom , Joe and Ben move off . muff call after they ... mutf ( continue ) hey ! when ya comin ' back ? tom {over he . shoulder ; as he run ) never ! the boy be out of sight . muff grin and take a hit from he jug . this be not the first time the boy have run away . muff never , huh ? ochuckle ; with confidence ) see ya tomorrow . ext . murrell' creek - night Tom , Joe and Ben clamber down a steep wood bank , thrashing they way through thick bush and tree , slip and slide , overcome with excitement . shortly , they reach they own secret harbor where a log raft be anchore in the moonlight . Tom , Joe and Ben board the raft and scramble about make she " seaworthy . " within second the anchor be raise and all line be cast off . wind take hold of the bed-sheet sail and suddenly the raft be in motion . the strong current carry it downstream . Joe man the rudder . tom Goodbye , hannibal ! Tom notice that he shipmate be gaze back at the down with a certain melancholy . at tom jeontinue ) do not tell I you be gott homesick already . BEN no , Tom . it 's just ... well , be not you gonna miss you family ? ~tom you think steamboat man get family ? heck , that 's the main reason we be runnin 's away , be not it ? so 's we can be free to do what we want -- when we want ~~ and not have to answer -— to nobody ... ~ '' osnort ) families . ( goad they ) but if you boy want to go home ... BEN no , Tom . we make a pact . tom last chance . once we hit the muddy , there 's no turn back . Joe and Ben steel they courage . joe no , Tom . we be with ya . all the way . Tom neds , proud of he crew . tom then it 's full speed ahead . they turn they back to hannibal as the raft carry they toward the big river . river junction where murrell 's Creek meet the Mississippi . from a high angle , we see Tom 's " ship " as it join the Big muddy and sail downstream . the river be dark and treacherous but this be a exciting moment for Tom and he shipmate . raft Water come crash over the bow , sprayin the boy . they love it . Riding the Mississippi be the 1640 's equivalent of a roller coaster . tom we make the muddy , boy ! next stop -- New Orleans ! nothin 's can stop we now ! that 's when a dark shape loom in they path -- a sandb :! tom ( continue ) mister harper -- hard to port ! too late . the little raft smashes into the - sandbar - and upend itself . Tom , Joe and Ben be pick up and toss into the water . Tom hit he head on the edge of the raft and be stunne . the current yank he down . darkness . confusion . Joe and Ben cling to the sandbar for dear life . uttering , gasp for breath , they look around to locate they captain and see Tom be sweep downriver . joe ( terrify ) Tom ! but Tom hear nothing . he be unconscious , go under , _ come up , at the mercy of the powerful current . downriver a fall elm overhang the Mississippi , its trunk extend above the rise water . Tom be sweep along . as he pass under the tree , a figure appear out of nowhere , dress in rag and tatter . Quick as lightning , the figure scramble out to the end of the tree and dive in after Tom . joe and BEN they gape in disbelief . BEN what be that ? ire ) tom pull under . a hand grab he from beh joe and BEN they make they way to shore and hurry downriver . river bank ~ close on tom his limp body be carry to shore by the unseen figure who gently place he on the bank . filthy hand turn Tom on he back and pump he chest . Tom suddenly come to life . he sputter and cough up a gallon of the Mississippi . his eye flicker open . tom be Pov - looking up a strange face swing into focus above he , frame against the night sky . the eye flash , bright blue . then , the face be go . tom he sit up as Joe and Ben arrive . joe you all right , Tom ? tom ' course I be all right . BEN if it have not be for that ... ( share a look with Joe ) ... whatever it be ... you would have be a goner . a chill wind come up , rustling the tree top , bring the surround forest to life . it sound like someone -- or some thing -- be come . the boy leok at each other . tom town ? joe and BEN ( vigorous nod ) town ! 10 the boy scramble to they foot and run like hell . as they disappear up the shore , we hear twig snafping . footstep approach . a tatter shoulder move into frame and the back of a boy 's head . his hair be long and wild . it hang to he shoulder . dissolve to : ext . hannibal - dawn the sun come up , casting long shadow . we see the sleepy little village with the Mississippi run on one side , hill and dense forest on the other . ext . residential STREET we see the shadow of a great pirate , fight a cutlass duel with a invisible opponent . pull back to reveal that it 's Tom with a long stick , sword - fight he way back home . ext . aunt polly' house Tom shimmy up the drainpipe and climb through the open window to he room . int . tom' room Tom look around . no sign of sid . as usual , sid 's bed be neatly make . cur to : int . aunt polly' kitchen - day close on Tom 's aunt polly , a handsome woman in she forty . she be seat at the breakfast table . widen to include sid and Tom 's pretty sixteen - year - old cousin mary . all three be poker - face , silently eat breakfast . Tom enter in clean clothes . determined to play the innocent until accuse , Tom seat himself and tuck a napkin into he shirt . tom ( cheerful ) mornin ' , everybody . what 's for breakfast ? aunt polly you can start with this ... a ray polly place a jar in front of Tom it contain the spider . tom could not I just have some scramble egg instead ? polly take Tom by the collar and pull he out of he chaiz . she lead he out the back door . aunt polly Tom , I have a mind to skin you alive . sneak out ' till all hour , worry a body to death ... Mary frown , sorry for Tom . sid could not be happier . he smirk and heaps he plate with egg and grit , then wolf . _ they down . CUT to : ext . aunt polly' house - backyard - continuous aunt polly , still hold Tom by the collar , lead out on the back porch ... aunt polly Hand I that switch ... Tom get the switch from behind the door ... tom ( testing it in the air ) ... seem mighty weak , aunt polly . must be all use up ... Tom hand she the switch , lock she with a carefully compose look of anguish and contrition . tom ( continue ) I will go and cut you a new one ... he start toward the birch tree but she stop he ... aunt polly ( melting ) Tom ... Tom , what be I gonna do with you ? tom ( feign innocence } you mean before , or after my whippin ' , aunt polly ? aunt polly ( sadly ) I swore to you momma , my own sister , on she death bed that I would raise you proper . tom and you be sure do that . aunt polly ( shake she head ) no , I know I be not do my @uty by you -- but I have not get the heart to hit you . tom would it help if I just bent over , real quiet , and look the other way ? aunt polly ( in defeat ) no , no , every time I hit you my old heart almost break . and every time I let you off my conscience hurt I just as bad ... tom yes be . she put down the switch . aunt polly I suppose I will just be oblige to make you work tomorrow . tom tomorrow ? aunt polly well , I have get to do something ... tom tomorrow 's Saturday ... aunt polly ( turn away ) I have get to do some of my duty by you ... 13 aunt polly go into the house . Tom hesitates a moment , then grab up the switch and chase after she ... tom aunt polly ...! wait ! I will take the whippin ' ! ext . polly' house - day_ . Tom step through the gate , carry a bucket of whitewash and a long-handled brush . he survey the fence that border the yard -- thirty yard long , nine foot high . he will be a old man before he finish the job . a small black kid name jeb come around the corner , - carry a empty bucket . tom hello , jeb , ol ' buddy . jeb ( wary ) hello , Tom . tom tell ya what . I will go to the pump for you if you will do some paintin ' . jeb can not do it , Tom . you aunt polly say she would lay I low if I let you talk I into paintin ' 's . tom you be not afraid of she , be you ? jeb ( nod a terrify * yes " ) Goodbye , Tom . jeb walk off . Tom think fast . tom I will show you my bloody toe ! jeb stop in he track . he turn around . Tom remove he leave boot and lift he foot . his big toe be wrap in a bandage . Tom wiggle it seductively . jeb be greatly tempt but think of aunt polly . he hurry on he way . Tom go for the throat : tom ( continue ) it 's get pus . jeb stop . his face be in turmoil . Tom deliver the cause d= grace : tom ( continue ) yellow -- drip -- pus . that do it . jeb spin around . jeb you get a deal ! jeb put down the bucket and rush over to Tom who start to unwrap he bandage . jeb bend over to - get a tciose look and -- whap ! -- a broom swat he on the ass . jeb let out a yelp , garb he bucket and high - tail it down the road . Tom look up into the no - nonsense face of aunt polly . she point to the fence . aunt polly no excuse ! and return to the house . Tom frown . he laconically pick up the brush and be about to dip it in the whitewash when he hear one of the young neighborhood boy , little billy newton come up the lane , whooping and clanging and pretend to be a steamboat . ee eee _ . a wick smile spread across Tom 's face . he dip he brush in the whitewash bucket and begin painting the fence with great gusto . he whistle a happy tune . billy Newton , completely baffle by Tom 's behavior , cut off he steamboat imitation and come over to watch . billy you feelin’ okay , Tom ? Tom turn , pretend to be surprised . tom oh. hi , billy . I be have so much fun I do not hear you comin ' . billy ( astound ) fun ? uw ton whitewashin ' this here fence . billy that be not fun . that 's work . tom if it be work , would I be doin ' it ? Tom frown at billy and shake he head as if he 's just too young to understand . Tom resume he painting and whistling ... tom ( continue ) ... ai not every day a boy get -a chance to whitewash a fence . billy watch ... tom' face billy say , Tom ... tom hmm ? billy let I paint a littie . he almost smile . tom ( shake he head ) aunt polly 's awful particular about this fence ... billy just a little ...? tom billy , I would like to -- but if I be to let you start paintin ' and anything be to happen to this fence , I would be in big trouble ... billy I x11 be real careful ... Tom continue painting ... 16 tom ( slyly ) . what will you give I ? cuT to : several minute later camera be close on a black cat 's - eye marble hold between two finger . pull back to reveal the finger as Tom 's . he sit under a tree among a pile of boy treasure -- a brass doorknob , tadpole in a jar , candy , a kite , firecracker etc . in the b.g. , half a dozen small boy vigorously whitewash the fence . the job be almost do . Tom shine the cat 's - eye on he pants leg and slip it in he pocket . then he pick up one of he treasure -- a@ pook about Robin Hood and he merry Men , complete with inspiring illustration . Tom be deep in the book as Joe harper and Ben Rogers come up meadow Lane . they see Tom under the tree and approach . tom ( a trace of sarcasm ) well , if it be not the two bravest steamboat man on the Mississippi . BEN ( contrite ) lookit , Tom , we be awful sorry about last night not workin’ out . joe we could build another boat ... Tom dismiss the idea . he 's get a new idea . tom forget it . anybody can be a steamboat man this day . but outlaw ... that 's somethin’ else . joe ( intrigue ) outlaw ? Tom show they the picture in the book . a st tom sure . like Robin Hood and he merry Men . all we need be the wood and some bow and arrow . we will rob from the rich and give to the poor ! on he excited look , we ... cur to : ext . forest road - day a horse and carriage travel down a tree-line lane on the outskirt of hannibal . the buggy 's driver be a prosperous iook gentleman in he forty , henry thatcher . on the seat beside himis he - beautiful - tweive - year old daughter ; ~ ~~ becky . thatcher hannibal 's a wonderful place , Becky . it 's not exactly St. Louis but I know you be go to like it . becky it hope so . what be the child like ? before he can reply , thatcher be force to rein in the horse and stop . a small tree lie across the road , block transit . thatcher what the ... as if on cue , three boy scramble out of the greenery and position themselves in front of the carriage . tom. joe. Ben . all wield crude homemade bow and arrow and wear frond - leaf cap . Tom swagger forward , play Robin Hood to the hilt . tom throw down you valuable or feel the tip of Robin Hood 's black arrow ! thatcher and Becky stare at the three " outlaw . " it 's all thatcher can do to keep from laugh . even Becky hide a smile . thatcher decide to play along . ee mn thatcher i'm afraid the only thing I have of value be my daughter Rebecca ... 0 7 rc ) Tom sawyer see Becky thatcher for the first tim heart jump into he throat . thatcher ' ( continue ) ... and I would sooner take one of you arrow in the heart than hand over such a treasure . with great effort , Tom swallow he heart and find he voice . he squeak something , try again . it help if he do not look at Becky . but that 's impossible . tom well ... uh ... do not you have a watch or something ? some ' money ? ' thatcher I be sorry . they be steal by bandit about a mile back . Tom be frustrated . he have to get something . tom ' then I will take that hat you be wear . thatcher it be a gift from Rebecca 's i late mother . tom you intend to resist ? thatcher I be afraid I must . you see , I be the new judge in this part ... Joe and Ben look at each other . the new judge ! thatcher ( continue ) ... and if folk hear that I let three highwaymen get the better of I ... thatcher reach inside he coat pocket and take out a big pistol . he raise it and cock the trigger . six eyeball bug out in fear . 1g with a collective " yah ! " the three merry Men drop they bow and arrow and haul - ass into the wood just for effect , the judge fire a shot in the air . thatcher and Becky share a good lauch . becky that be the silliest boy I have ever see . ext . forest Tom , Joe and Ben run off in three different direction . we stay with Tom who dodge tree , leap over log , stumble and fall down . he go to pick himself up wher . he be surprised to . see two filthy bare foot in front of he . slowly , Tom look up . fee : -— e tom' Pov loom above he be a startling apparition -- huck finn . huck be Tom 's age but a little taller and more muscular . dress in rag and tatter , huck exude a dangerous , heroic quality -- like a juvenile tarzan or a Peter Pan go to seed . a long knife be stick in he belt . tom huck ...! huck ( nod in recognition ) .+. Tom sawyer . tom ojump up ) you be back ... huck ( shake he head ) just movin 's through , more or less . '' tom well , where would you go ? where you be ? huck ( snide ) you mean after you good townfolk run I out ? Tom nod ... huck ocontinue ) lot of place , no place in particular -- upriver , downriver . tom ( realize ) you be the one that pull I out last night . huck shrug . huck I feel like a swim . ( motion ) J come on , I will show you my camp ... oe follow as huck lead Tom through a wall of dense vegetation ... they emerge in a hide glade ... . Tom look around . the glade have be transformed into a outdoor live room . a hammock hang between two tree . cast -off furniture have be set about give the place a live - in homey feel . huck 's most inspire decorative touch be several empty picture frame which hang from the tree . huck take a seat in a throne - like , hollow - out stump . tom how long have you be livin ' here , huck ? huck about a month ? tom a month , huh ? ( knowingly ) last week , aunt polly whupped I for swipin ' a pie that be coolin ' on the window sill . but it be not I -- I figure it be sid . huck he want it . but I beat he to it . tom ... and a day later , old man Cranston accuse I of stealin ' three watermelon out of he patch . huck ( smile ) he lie . I only get two . tom {only half - serious ) I oughta punch you in the nose ! huck rise from he " throne , " a dangerous smirk on he face . huck you be welcome to gry . Tom back off , partially out of fear , partially out of respect ... tom maybe later . huck shrug and flop into he " throne . " Tom look around , find huck 's lifestyle enormously agreeable . tom ( continue ) when you be not stealin ' food and hangin ' it on I , what do you do all day ? huck whatever I want . '' tom you be lucky . huck ( with bravado ) yep -- I 'ma free man . tom I guess I oughta thank you for save my life last night . huck you want to thank I ? do not tell nobody I be here . huck take a puff on he pipe , blow a smoke ring ... tom how ' bout if I come back some time ? ns bes huck ( shrug ) make no never mind to I . tom then , I will ... hey , kuck ... Tom go to huck and extend he hang ... huck ( uncomfortable ) what 's that for ? tom it 's what friend do . huck . {a trace of surprise ) we friend ? tom it 's up to you . huck you old auntie catch you with I , she will whip you from here to St. louie . tom do not worry about she ... I be glad you come back . huck you be ...? tom ( nod ) sure . we be friend before . do not you remember ? huck ( nod , a bit awkward ) +» . yeah , I guess we be . they shake hand ... tom well , we be friend again ... huck ( nod ) yeah ... I guess we be . giight of the afternoon sun ... with schoolhouse - day weed bright red , the one-room school sit on a hill q@eook the village . class be already in session as gsaunter up the walk , late on purpose . gh classroom mstroll through the door . the other child turn to at he . we see that the boy sit on one side of the gm the girl on the other . oe ~ ~ geont , and wear a bad wig , be a evil , self - gepetant would - be lady ' man , schoolmaster dobbins . dobbins Thomas sawyer ! tom sorry I be late , mister dobbin . dobbins well ? what 's you excuse this time ? ten spot Becky thatcher . he see that the only empty iv on the girl ' side be right beside she . Tom turn pact to dobbin . = tom I be not get none . the entire classroom freeze . they hold they breath as they look from Tom to Mr. dobbin and back again . sid can parely contain he pleasure . dobbins you be not even go to try ? — '' tom no , mister dobbin . would not be no point ... dobbins you realize , of course , that I shall have to punish you . 24 tom you want I to go to the whipping post ? dobbins no. whipping 's too good for you . I shall have to think of something more humiliate ... tom {in mock horror ) please , mister dobbin , you be not gonna make I sit with the girl ! dobbin smile with supreme smugness . dobbins ~~ a once again , Thomas sawyer , you have outsmart yourself . dobbin point to the girl ' section . like a condemn prisoner , Tom trudge down the aisle and drop into the seat next to Becky . as dobbin start the lesson , Tom smile mischievously at Becky . she pretend she be not impressed and ignore he . Tom take a apple out of he pocket , carefully shine it on he sleeve , then gently place it in front of Becky as a offer . Becky pick up the apple . she turn to Tom and smile sweetly . then , with a expert flick of the wrist , Becky toss the apple out the window . Tom do not care . even she rejection be a clear reaction . curt to : ext , schoolhouse - day a picture of serenity . faintly , we hear dobbin 's voice . " class dismiss . " a immediate explosion of child 's voice . the schoolhouse door boom open and kid fly out , run in all direction . Liberation . among they be Tom who spy Becky walk down the hill toward town . Tom decide to follow she at a distance . on becky as she stroll along , aware that Tom be tailing she . Becky decide to have some fun . she turn a corner , duck down a alley and take off run . 25 tom he hurry around the corner and do not see Becky anywhere . beginning to panic , he look around in all direction . over he shoulder , Becky appear at the end of the alley . she put two finger in she mouth and let out a whistle . Tom whirl around but she be go . Tom grin . hide and seek . with excitement , he decide to head she off at the next street . next STREET ce Becky hide behind a pickle barrel as Tom run past . she pop up , whistle and take off in another direction . Tom do a u-turn and come run back , determine to catch she . local tavern in the alley behind hannibal 's major de of iniquity , injun Joe be in conversation with he sometimes partner in exrime , the tavern keeper -- a heavy , unpleasant fellow name emmett . emmett can not do it , Joe . I gota tavern to run . if I be to go with you tonight , they would steal I blind . injun joe you be just scared to go into the cemetery at night . emmett 's face be reveal . but he try to brush it off . emmett no , Joe . I be not scared . injun joe forget it -- I will find somebody who will not wet he drawer every time a owl hoot . emmett sorry , Joe . - emmett enter the tavern , pass muff Potter as he come out , galumph along in he amiable manner . drunk or sober , he 's always the same . injun joe ( pleased ) muff Potter ... t t ' a 26 injun Joe take a step forward and that 's when he collide with Tom , fly blindly down the alley in search cf Becky . in a lightning quick move , Joe whip out he knife and throw Tom against the wall , shove the knife under he jaw . Tom 's eye bug out . mulz come to Tom 's rescue . muff Joe , wait ! Tom do not mean no harm ! which diffuse the situation . injun Joe step away from Tom and slide the knife back into he belt . Tom be quaking as muff join they , smile he amiable smile . muff due eee ocontinue ) hello , tom. tom ( weakly ) hello , muff. muff run along , tom. goon. git. Tom do not wait to be tell twice . shoot a fearful look at injun Joe , he take off . muff ( continue ) do not mind Tom . he 's just one of the town boy . injun joe neye muff ) how would you like to make some grinkin ' money ? muff lick he lip and grin . muff ( agreeable ; with humor ) sure ... what do I have to do ? injun joe dig. edge of town Tom , desperate to find Becky , be happy to spot she walk down a hill toward murrell 's Creek . Tom know a short - cut through the wood . he take off . 27 ext . murrell' creek Becky walk along slowly , shoot look over she shoulder for Tom , disappointed that she actually lose he . Becky approach the creek where a picturesque footbridge span a babbling brook . the perfect set for a romantic encounter . to she surprise , Tom be there , nonchalantly balance himself on the hand rail , imitate a tightrope walker . he pretend not to notice Becky come along the trail , start across the bridge . timing it for she arrival , Tom balance himself on one foot . he turn to see if she 's look . Becky , walk past , stare straight ahead , merely reach out with she hand and give Tom a shove . Tom lose he balance - and fall over . — Becky continue on she way . — it be only when she hear the big splash that she break into a smile . ext . creek Tom sit in the rush water . it 's only a few foot deep . he 's not hurt but he dignity be severely dent . he clamber to he foot and be surprised to see huck Finn relax under the bridge , lazily smoking he pipe . tom what be you do here ? huck lookin ' for jackass . tom under a bridge ? huck ( point at Tom ) I find one , do not I ? Tom sloshes over and sit down . he notice a burlap sack next to huck . tom what 's in there ? huck Dead cat . tom can I see it ? huck help yourself . Tom take a look in the sack and get a with it , almost gag . tom he 's dead all right . huck wagon run he over . gut come out at both end . tom what 's a dead cat good for ? huck to cure wart with . tom I get a wart . how 's it work ? huck you take you dead cat to the graveyard at midnight on the day somebody wick 's be bury . and when the Devil come , you have you dead cat at he and say , " Rat gut , rat gut , the Devil wear short . Dead cat , dead cat , swaller this wart . " and off go you wart . tom whe n're you gonna try it ? huck tonight . tom ( realize ) that 's right . they bury Old hoss Williams today . the Devil 's gonna want he for sure . can I come with you , huck ? huck you might get scared . tom ( offended ) not I ! I be not scared of nothin ' ! on Tom 's indignant look , we ... cur to : ext . graveyard wall - night lightn flash , illuminate Tom 's frighten face as he and huck clamber over a stone wall and enter the grounds of the hannibal graveyard . talk about : spooky it 's overgrown and gothic as hell . thunder rumble . something clutches Tom from behind . he let out a cry and try to run but something 's hold he . huck come bark and frees he from a tangle of vine . tom sorry . huck the Dead seem kinda lively tonight . but do not worry . I get just " the thing . '' I - learn it from a witch woman . fclose he eye and chant ) " ghost and goblin , stay away . in you grave I bid you stay . haunt again ... some other day . " ( open he eye ) that oughta do it . both Tom and huck feel better . then , they hear it -- approach footstep . tom you sure you get the word right ? they see a dim ghostly light in the distance , come they way . Tom and huck run over and hide behind a marble mausoleum . slowly , they head peer out over the tomb . through the fog , three figure appear . Tom and huck duck back down . tom ocontinue ) what do we do now ? ~ huck know any prayer ? Tom drop to he knee . he clasp he hand together and shut he eye . tom ( super-fast ) now-i-lay-me-down-to-sleep -I - pray~-the-lord-my-soul - to - keep ... 30 huck nudge Tom . huck look . cautiously , Tom open he eye and join huck peer over the tomb . in the distance , the three figure have begin to dig up a grave . tom that be not hoss Williams they be diggin ' up . they be goin ' for one of they old grave . lightn flash and the three figure be illuminate . the man with the lantern be Doc Robinson . ~ the other two ~ ~ '' man do the digging . they be muff Potter and injun Joe . Tom whisper to huck : tom ( continue ) this be worse than ghost . huck who be they ? tom the first two be not so bad . Doc Robinson and muff Potter . muff would not hurt a fly . but that third feller , he almost slit my throat today ... {a gulp ) that 's injun Joe . we push in on huck 's face to show that this name cause a chill to run up he spine . huck injun Joe ? tom you know he ? huck ( evasive ) let 's just say I meet he once and I be not anxious to meet he again . tom what do you think they be doin ' ? with et look , feller , I do not ming @iggin ' , but grave - rebbin 's a whole other matter . Tom and huck turn to each other . tom and huck fat the same time ) grave-robber ! injun joe you want you money , muff ? shut up and dig . — — — , cur to : minute later muff and injun Joe be down in the grave , shovel it out while Doc Robinson stand above , shine the lantern . injun Joe 's shovel hit wood . a coffin , muff gulp , wonder why he ever come along . muff I need I a drink . would it be €all right if we take a break for a little libation ? doc robinson no . haul it out . hurry . - injun Joe and muff lift a rotted wooden coffin out of the grave and set it on the ground . doc robinson ( continue ) pry it open and tip it over . injun Joe jam he shovel into a groove and pop the lid open , then tip the coffin and rudely dump the remain of @ skeleton on the ground . ' the bone clatter . Tom and huck shiver . - follow the skeleton , a small wooden box fall out of the coffin . lightn flash , illuminate a word engrave on the box : " murrell . " injun Joe turn to Doc Robinson in surprise . mutt realize something , become very animated . u ul muff murrell ! one - Eye murrell ! by God ! geturn to huck . Tom be as excited as muff . tom one - Eye murrell be a pirate . him and he gang use to plunder up and down the river ' till the Army come and kill ‘em in a ambush . murrell 's treasure be never find . gwrrobinson shove the box under he coat . doc robinson ~ put the coffin back and cover - you track . '' qo Robinson start to walk off . but injun Joe step into gis path . injun joe not so fast . doc robinson get out of my way . injun joe give I the box . gor Robinson try to push past injun Joe but Joe seize the box . Doc Robinson refuse to let go and the two man pegin to struggle . muff try to intercede . muff Doc -- Joe -- let 's discuss this like gentleman . injun Joe backhand Doc Robinson who fall to the ground , jesing he hold on the box which tumble away . muff ( continue ) now , Joe , what would you do that for ? injun Joe pounce on the fall box , rip the top off and ripe it over . the box be empty except for a tatter piece of yellow paper which flutter to the ground . injun joe what the hell ? uw a injun Joe pick up the paper and grab the lantern to look at it more closely . his evil face light up . injun joe ( continue ) it 's a map to the treasure . Tom and huck look at each other in amazement . muff ( excited ) murrell 's treasure ! by glory , we be rich ! Joe , why do not ya tell I ? that 's when Doc Robinson shove muff out of the way and charge injun Joe . doc robinson it 's mine ! injun Joe fend Dec Robinson off . muff try to get between they . muff now hold on . Doc fall back . he grab the grave 's wooden headboard and swing it at Joe . Joe duck and the board hit muff -- right - in the face . muff hit the ground , out cold . Joe stuff the map in he pocket and leap forward . he nail Doc with a leave hook . then a right jab . lefr. right . Doc stagger back and fall against the mausoleum right in front of Tom and huck . injun Joe pull he trademark silver knife out of he belt , then think better of it . he put it back , go over to muff 's body and take out muff 's knife . injun Joe go back over to Doc Robinson . he raise muif 's knife overhead . lightn slashes the sky as Joe bring the knife down . Tom and huck 's eye widen . they can not see Doc on the other side of the tomb but they know where the knife be go . injun Joe plunge it down . one . ' two . Three time . Tom and huck turn and run . but Tom 's jacket get catch on a branch and rip . hear they , injun Joe scramble over the tomb in time to see two small figure sprint through the tombstone and vanish into the fog . then he eye catch something on the ground . he bend down and pick up Tom 's cat 's - eye marble . he stare at it . yg start to groan awake . yen Joe return , step over Doc 's dead body and ge bloody knife into the open grave . then he be goss the cemetery , disappear into the gloom . sé sit up , disorient . muff ( look around ) doc? Joe ? pa flash of lightning , muff see Doc Robinson sprawle gnot the mausoleum , eye open , face contort , he get shine with blood ! gi run to the body , touch doc. muff ( continue ) Doc ? spalize he 's dead , muff pull back he hand . they be sgwere with blood . muff ( continue ) omigod ! wif stagger back . he look around in fear and take ait . CUT to : gym . hood - night " wunder boom . lightn flash . Tom and huck run as fast as they foot will carry they . every bush look like aman . every spindly branch be a arm reach to grab ghem . running this gauntlet of terror , they finally burst gnto ..-. ext . huck' camp gno boy flop down on huck 's '' throne , " huffing and puffing . tom we gotta tell the sheriff ! huck I ei not tellin ' nobody nothin' . and unless you be dumber than I think , you will keep you mouth shut , too . tom but we see a murder ! huck yeah -- and there 's gonna be two more murder if we squeal on injun Joe . believe I . he will hunt we down and kill we if it 's the last thing he ever do . this sink in . tom well , when you put it like that , I guess you be right . we can not tell nobody . ' huck damn right . and just so you do not change you mind , we be gonna swear a oath . we will write it down and sign it in blood . tom qur blood ? huck unless you want to go back and borrow some from Doc Robinson . Tom gulp at the idea . huck pick up a pine shingle . - — huck ( continue ) you do it . I be not much good at writin’ . Tom check he jacket and see that he pocket have be rip open . tom I lose my cat 's - eye ! huck we get bigger thing to worry ' bout . now write this down ... Tom grab a piece of charcoal out of huck 's dormant firepit . huck ocontinue } huck Finn and Tom sawyer swear they will keep shut about what they see and may they drop down dead if they ever tell . tom and rot . - huck and rot . the SOUND of sliding steel as huck take out he knife . he slice he own finger , hand the knife to Tom . Tom cut he finger , too . they write " tom " and - " X " at the bottom of the oath . huck ( continue ) now we get to swear we loyalty to each other . they press they finger together . Tom make up the oath : tom " turtle gut . frog slime . chicken and hen . you and I will always be friend . " huck nod grimly . this be serious stuff . int . tom' bedroom - night Tom be asleep . suddenly , the window explode into a thousand fragment as injun Joe land in the center of the room , look more satanic than ever . Tom jerk awake as Joe pull out he silver knife . inoun joe I be gonna kill you , Tom sawyer ! injun Joe leap up on the bed , loom over Tom . injun joe ( continue ) you will not never wake up ! never wake up ! 37 injun Joe lift he knife and be about to bring it down . Tom scream . CUT to : int . tom' bedroom - morning Tom 's eye pop open . he see a blurry figure shaking he . . '' aunt polly wake up , Tom ! wake up ! it 's aunt polly . sid be stand beside she . sid he 's be moan all night . — -~ '' tavGark smile ) ttt I think it 's he sore tooth again . '' aunt polly be that right , Tom ? be you tooth bother you again ? Tom be still disorient . tom aunt polly ? uh , no , 1 ... sid I hear he , aunt polly . crying about he sore tooth . I will bet he would feel better if it be pull . - sid grin at Tom . as aunt polly turn to look at he , sid 's grin turn into a look of deep concern . aunt polly sid , get I the thread . sid 's hand come up -- the thread already in it . polly take it . sid grab Tom from behind and hold he arm . polly shove she hand into Tom 's mouth and tie the thread around a back tooth . — aunt polly ( continue ) hush , Tom . you have be complain about this tooth for month . it 's get to come out sooner or later , and you will feel better if it 's sooner . be polly take the thread and string it from Tom 's mouth to the close bedroom door , wrapping it around the doorknok sid ( call out } Mary ! could you come in here ? Tom 's eye widen . he struggle but sid hold he tight polly step away from the door as we hear Mary 's footst . come down the hallway . '' tom ( yell ) go away , Mary ! I be buck naked ! the door burst open . we hear a pop . Tom scream . Mary step into the room . mary what 's all the fuss ? something fly through the air and Mary catch it . in she hand be Tom 's bloody tooth . Tom hold he mouth and do a slow burn at sid who smile and pick up the string with Tom 's tooth attach . he twirl it in playful triumph . tom some day , sid ... CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - day Three little kid be carry they schoolbook and walk down the boardwalk . suddenly , injun Joe step in front of they . the kid freeze in terror . injun Joe slowly raise he hand . between thumb and forefinger be the black cat 's - eye marble . ext . murrell creek bridge Tom amble along on he way to school , rub he jaw and think about he trouble . becky's voice hello , Tom . Tom look up and be surprised to discover Becky thatcher wait for he , balance herself on the rail of the bridge just like he do . tom operk up ) Becky . becky I be sorry I push you in the creek yesterday . { the ultimate apology ) you can push I in if you want to . Tom break into a devilish grin . tom really ? Becky be suddenly afraid he will do it . becky you would not dare ! tom I would -- but I just do not feel like it right now . in gentlemanly fashion , Tom help Becky down off the rail . becky thank you . tom you ever be engage , Becky ? ' becky no. ( but she 's interested ) how do you do it ? tom well , you gotta tell each other that you be sweetheart . becky and then what ? tom well , then you be s'pose to kiss . becky really ? tom sure ... becky you first . psteel he courage , then : tom you be my sweetheart . there ! now you get to say it to I . becky turn you face away . {as Tom comply ) but you can not tell anybody ever . tom I will not . poy lean close to he , so close she breath stir he becky ( whisper ) you be my sweetheart ... tem grin . tom well , I guess it 's all do but the kissin ' part . gen look at Becky . Becky look at Tom . Tom lean forward . Becky lean forward . Tom 's eye . Becky 's eye . qeix lip move toward each other . closer. closer . both try to pucker properly . then ... the world 's fastest yiss . it 's so electric , they jump apart , both terrify . qgaink fast , Tom reach into he pocket and take out a yesty doorknob . he thrust it into Becky 's hand . becky what be it ? tom you engagement ring . becky oh , Tom , it 's ... it 's beautiful ! tom it sure be . why , when I be engage to Amy lawrence ... pecky 's big eye tell Tom he 's blow it . - becky you mean I be not the first ? tom but , Becky , that be age ago . two month at least ... Becky be on the verge of tear . she throw the doorknob at he . - becky I hate you ! JI hate you ! I hope you die ! Becky run off . Tom just stand there , hurt and confuse . then he pride take over . he pick up the doorknob and march off . —— tom ( exasperate ) «+ . what would I do ?? cuT to : ext . MAIN STREET Tom walk along , mope , lose in he thought . he hardly notice that townspeople be flocking down the street , leave they home and shop . joe ( 0.5 . ) hey , Tom ! Tom look up and see Joe harper wave to he . joe ( call ) come on ! School 's be call off ! tom call off ? what for ? oe there 's be a murder ! Tom feel a chill go up he spine . he fall into step with the rest of the rush townspeople . ccut to : ext . graveyard - day half the village have swarm into the graveyard . the place be buzzing with excitement . Tom push he way through the crowd . he see Becky 's father , judge thatcher , confer with the mayor . Doc Robinson 's bot . be cover with a sheet . it lie near the dig - up grave . muff ( 0.s. ) I do not do it ! I swear I do not do it ! all eye turn as a frighten muff Potter be bring forward by the sheriff and a farmer who declare : farmer that 's right , sheriff . I - catch muff-wash himself at mo my trough early this morning . the crowd gasp . schoolmaster dobbin step forward . dobbins well , that sound mighty suspicious , especially the wash which be not a habit of muff Potter 's . farmer and there be blood all over he shirt . I think he would just kill a deer or something . muff no , wait a minute ...! another town character , the welshman , pop out of the open grave hold up muff 's bloody knife . welshman look here what I find ! it 's muff Potter 's knife ! I sell it to he last winter . dobbins I say lynch he ! Lynch he now ! muff you gotta believe I ... the crowd roar its approval . and charge forward . muff panic . he break away from the sheriff and run like a scare rabbit -- right into injun Joe . Joe deck he down with a hard blow . 43 the sheriff and other pounce on muff . iniun joe ( announce ) I see the murder ! the crowd hush . sheriff tell we what you know . injun joe I be pass by here last night and I see muff and Doc Robinson digging up that there grave . and then , in a drunken rage , I see muff Potter stab _ the Doc . ' Tom can not believe what he 's hearing . the crowd scream and yell in outrage . muff plead for he life . muff that be not how it happen ! I swear ! we find the map to murrelli 's treasure ! and Joe and Doc get to fightin 's -- a dark , scornful laugh from injun Joe . injun joe murrell 's treasure ! do you hear that , everybody ? more drunk talk from muff Potter ! dobbins opipe up ) murrell 's lose treasure be a old wife 's tale . I know the history of this entire county and I tell you it do not exist . muff but I see the map ! iniun joe I say you be lyin' . I say there be not no treasure map . and there never be . injun Joe look to emmett , - the local tavern keeper and Joe 's partner in crime . emmett nod and yell : emmett everybody who think there 's a " treasure map , '' raise yer hand ! the crowd be silent . -- emmett ocontinue ) now . that who think it 's a lie spew out by muff Potter to save he guilty hide ? the crowd scream " aye ! " and raise they hand . _ shout of " tar he ! Lynch he !._ string he up ! " . muff look arourd — - with a pathetic hopelessness in he eye . someone come forward with a rope . that 's when a loud gunshot cause everyone to freeze . head swivel in the direction of judge thatcher who lower he smoking gun . : thatcher ( try to keep order ; a friendly smile ) now , now , people . you would not deny I the pleasure of preside over he trial , would you ? what good 's have a judge if you do not let he judge ? dobbins we all know he 's guilty ! a cane crash down on dobbin ' head , dislodge he toupee and cause he to see star . old woman' voice and we all know you be a idiot , Ed dobbin . the cane 's owner push dobbin aside and come forward . it 's the widow douglas , all in black finery , eighty if she 's a day , the richest , crustiest , most fear woman in hannibal . and in some way , the most sensible . we hear fearful murmur in the crowd of , " the widow ! " ... " widow Douglas ! '' .. widow douglas listen to I , you pointy - head ghoul . ( more ) + 4s widow douglas ( cont 'd ) muff Potter may be the scum of the earth but he still deserve a fair trial that he get and I aim to see one . ( to thatcher ; demand ) judge ! how soon can you get this show on the road ? even thatcher be intimidate by the old crone . thatcher I could start hearing evidence day after tomorrow . settle ! - widow douglas a ~~ ~ turn she wither gaze on the crowd ) now the rest citizen " go business and job ! of you " good about you let the law do its no one want to get on the wrong side of the widow . so , with the excitement of a trial to look forward to , the crowd begin to disperse . dobbin walk away , painfully rub he head . sheriff let 's go , muff . the sheriff lead muff away . they walk past Tom who lock eye with poor muff and feel he fear . vmuff I do not do it , Tom . Tom be about to say something when he see huck Finn in the distance , perch on top of a mausoleum , rag clothes blow in the wind . Tom push through the crowd but once he get to the mausoleum , there be no sign of huck . Tom be in hell . he turn to go . as he walk past a tall headstone , a leg snake first in the tall grass . out and trip he . Tom land face he roll over and there 's huck , lean against the headstone . he hold up the pine shingle oath . huck nod . huck rise 46 huck you want to drop-dead and rot ? tom muff 's innocent . we get to do something ' to help he . huck we do not get to do nothin' . tom you would let he hang for something ' he do not do ? huck ai not no skin off my butt . ~ tom ( as a idea form ) what if there be another way ? a way that would not make we break we oath ? huck what way be that ? tom well. ( think ) what if we could get that treasure map ? — — '' huck it would prove that muff Potter be tellin’ the truth and injun Joe be lyin' . that 's a good idea , Tom . tom thanks . huck only one little problem , and walk off . huck ( continue ) the person we would have to get it from be injun joe. 47 a frightening think . - but Tom 's not ready to back down . tom ocall after he ) well , if you be scared ... huck turn around and fix Tom with a dark look . he know he 's be challenge . ~~ buck why should I stick my neck we for muff Potter ? tom ' Cause we know muff do not do itr — ee huck so ? tom so , not doin ' anything about it be wrong . we gotta help he . huck say who ? tom ( try a different tack ) what if it be you in muff 's shoe ? ~~ huck well , it be not . tom what if it be I . huck ( uncomfortable ) if you be that stupid , you would deserve what be comin ' to you . tom ( shake he head in disappoint - ment ) that 's not what friend do ... I think we be friend , huck ... Tom turn he back on huck and walk away ... ~ 48 huck maybe I do not know what you be talkin’ about ... ye watch Tom disappear through the cemetery . on ge face we see he mind struggle with ... feeling ? ap he snort and run off into the wood . cur to : gi jailhouse - night gemagh the bar window of he cell , we see muff Potter gping in a pool of light , a defeat , pathetic gwacter . the cell door clang open and muff look up gafully but it 's only the sheriff come to deliver muff 's wife achard - biscuit - and a cup of - water . - muff ( wishing ) Bas anybody come to see I , sheriff ? sq tmp back to a longer shot to reveal that someone be gerving muff from the shadowy roof of the building next 3egm . it 's huck , though we can barely make out he face , pst he tatter outline , rag blow in the breeze . sheriff do not be stupid , muff . {as he clang the door shut ; a eruel laugh ) nobody care about you . and nobody 's gonna miss you when you be go . ye word , mean for muff , seem to have a effect on huck . rr amy rate , he turn and disappear into the night . cur to : ext . MAIN STREET - night a respectable couple stroll along the boardwalk , enjoy a evening stroll . up ahead , a man step into the glow of slamp to light a cigar . it 's injun Joe . the couple a bese then , they purposely scurry to the other side of the btreet in order to avoid he . inijun joe fcall to they ) evenin ' ...! '' 4s the couple ignore he and hurry on . -.- injun Joe chuckle , exhaling a cloud of black smoke . he like the effect he have on people . as injun Joe continue on he way , we angle up to catch a glimpse of a dark figure in tatter run silently along the rooftop , follow Joe on he journey . CUT to : int . tom' bedroom - night Tom and sid sleep . sid snore peacefully . but Tom be toss . suddenly , a dirty hand clamp over he mouth . Tom 's eye pop open . he struggle , think it 's injun Joe , then see that the hand belong to huck Finn . huck ( whisper ) injun Joe 's on the move . ext . MAIN STREET - night Tom and huck sneak down the dark boardwalk . tom what make you change you mind ? huck ( evasive ) I figgered if you do it alone you would probably just botch it up . Tom hide a smile , proud of huck . tom yeah . probably . they continue along toward the only source of activity at this hour -- the tavern . int . tavern fill with trapper , trader and rivermen . they drink , piay card , argue and listen to music come from a cheap rinky dink piano . in a corner at a table be emmett the tavern keeper and injun Joe . ext . alley - Tom and huck roll a rain barrel , upend it under a tall window and climb up on top . balance precariously , they peer through the grimy glass . there Pov ~- through the glass they be right above injun Joe and emmett . emmett be study the treasure map and drink a huge pitcher of beer . he slide the map over to injun Joe who pocket it . emmett speak a few word . Joe nod . then , deep in think , Joe lift up the cat 's - eye marble and rolis it between he finger . ext . alley : — . Tom 's heart stop . tom he 's get my cat 's - eye ! Tom be so alarmed , he lose he balance . the barrel tip over and hit the ground with a crash . Tom and huck go sprawling ass over elbow . int . tavern injun Joe and emmett react to the commotion outside . they get up to investigate . emmett bring he pitcher of beer . ext . alley the tavern 's back door open , let out a shaft of light anc the tinkle of a piano . emmett and injun Joe step out and look around . nothing seem amiss . the rain barrel be back where it be before , under the drainpipe . emmett probably a drunk . injun joe {a dark smile ) well , it be not muff Potter . emmett get a hearty laugh out of this . emmett no . the only stumblin ' he will be doin 's be at the end of a rope - ainjun joe well , I gotta be goin ' . ~ I will see ya tomorrow ... partner . be be a hint of threat in the way Joe say " partner , " gott , who be a huge man , look uneasy . there 's gething about injun Joe that just creep people out . emmett right , joe. tomorrow . yan Joe stalk off into the night . emmett take another wg from he pitcher of beer . but it 's go warm . gyott pour the rest into the rain barrel and go back goede the tavern , shutting the door . ge and huck rise from the rain barrel , they head soak gt beer . oo . - CuT to : af . town dock ~ night ayd@ozen fishing boat be tie up as well as barge , raft ey paddleboat . in the moonlight , we see injun Joe slide gerp he canoe and push away from shore . we pan he past tm and huck who hide on shore behind thick bush . they gold they breath as injun Joe glide past . tom ( whisper ) come on . we will borrow muff 's waft . ‘he boy run to the dock . CUT to : ext . MISSISSIPPI - night gom and huck sail downstream on muff Potter 's raft . Tom man the rudder while huck stand forward , keep injun goe 's canoe in sight . huck he 's head for Jackson 's Island . tom make sense . JI hear he 's get a still out there . that 's where he cook he moonshine . uw tw huck maybe I will steal I some . I be not have a drink in two month . CuT to : ext . jackson be island - niget by the light of the moon , we see huck and Tom secure they raft on the bank of a forebode , wood island in the middle of the Mississippi . huck stumblin ' on injun Joe in the dark be not my idea of a good time . we will find we a place to - '' camp and wait ' till first light . tom okay . but let 's leave the raft here just in case we have to make a quick getaway . as the boy begin to tramp inland , the raft come loose and float off downriver . cur to : ext . jackson be island ~ niget Tom and huck stretch out in the tall grass on the bank of a@ small stream feed by a cascade waterfall . they stare up at a ceiling of twinkle star . tom you really get it make . huck ( catch off guard ) what ? tom livin ' like this all the time . sleepin ' out in the open , under the star . doin ' what you please . nobody to tell you when to go to bed . nobody to make you go to school or change you shirt or clean you ear or eat you dinner . huck . yep . this here 's the way to live ... nobody 's gonna tell I what to do or where to go , or when to be there ... ( protest a little too much ) you will never catch I coope up in some stuffy old house with some liver - lipped old lady makin ' I eat whatever 's on the plate in front of I . tom you do not know how lucky you be . huck snort and turn away , cover he vulnerability ... huck ( a beat ) damn right ... dissolve to : ext . same scene - dawn shaft of morning light stream through the tree . Tom be sprawle on the ground , waking up . he yawn , stretch and scratch . tom huck ? —- Tom look around . no sign of huck . he 's all alone . now the wood begin to take on a sinister quality . Tom rise . tom ( continue ) huck ? suddenly , huck drop out of a tree and land right in front of Tom . he be cover head to foot in mud and leave , every square inch of he , look like some jungle savage . — — — only the white of he eye can be see under the brown goop . totally camouflage . Tom gape at huck , then break into a wide grin . huck raise he hand -- it 's fill with mud -- and glop it across Tom 's face . CUT to : 54 ext . intun joe' still - day in a clear , we find injun Joe asleep beside he whiskey still . a empty bottle lie on the ground beside he and Joe be snore up a storm . in the wood beyond , we detect movement . closer huck peer around the side of a tree , still in he camouflage disguise . Tom stick he head out from the other side . now he , too , be wear mid and leave and look like a wild savage . if it be not for the white of they eye , you would think they be part of the forest . huck ~ oe ( observe injun Joe ) he 's drunk asleep . should not be too hard to get that map . tom yeah . let 's get it and git . Tom take a step forward , notice that huck have not move . tom ( continue ) ai not you comin ' ? huck cast a look at injun Joe . something register on he face . be it fear ? huck one map do not need two boy . I will wait here . Tom give huck a look , then start tiptoeing forward . a twig snap . Tom freeze . injun Joe sit up , hungover and bleary - eye . he stare right through Tom whose camouflage make he invisible . injun Joe go back to sleep , he snore continue . Tom let out the breath he have be hold and creep forward . he see a corner of the map stick out of Joe 's pocket . injun Joe snort . Tom freeze . then , Tom 's muddy hand slowly reach across injun Joe 's face , head for the map . suddenly , some mud drip off Tom 's arm and land splat in Joe 's mouth . Tom be scared shitless . but injun Joe , still sleep , merely lick the mud off he lip and swallow it . then he go back to snore . — _ — 55 Tom reach over to get the map . his finger close around the edge and he slowly draw it out of Joe 's pocket . further . further . he 's almost get it . and that 's when a cannon fire nearby . boom ! Tom leap back ( without the map ) and slam into injun Joe 's still . it tip over and crash to the ground . whiskey spill and spurt . equipment clatter and clanks huck come out of nowhere . he -grab Tom and snatch he into the surround foliage . the boy freeze , try to blend in . injun Joe leap to he foot . he look around at he destroy still and stomp around angrily . he do not notice the four eyeball watch he from the foliage . injun Joe draw he kiiifel the eye in the foliage widen . injun joe goddamn wild boar ! injun Joe throw he knife . it spin end over end and slam directly into the center of a bull 's - eye paint on a distant tree . one hell of a throw . Tom and huck . they eye be bugging out now . they look at each other in fear . boom ! the cannon roar again . injun Joe turn in the direction of the cannon fire . he pick up he rifle , retrieve he knife and stalk off to investigate . wo oe over to Tom and huck . they look at each other . and take off . CuT to : ext . jackson be island - shoreline - day boom ! the cannon fire again . the two jungle savage run through the tree , skid to a stop at the edge of the bank they land on . tom ( look around ) the raft 's go ! boom ! closer . the boy hit the ground and squirm under some bush . sé a ferryboat come downriver , a big cannon mount on the prow . White smoke lay across the water . the cannon fire again . tom ( continue ) what be they doin' ? euck lookin 's for somebody 's what 's drown . '' you shoot a cannon over the water to make the body come to the top . tom ( thrilled ) I wonder who it be . '' as the ferryboat draws~closer , Tom and huck be able to '' see the passenger -- aunt polly , cousin Mary , the sheriff and old tim . tom oe ocontinue ; realize ) it 's I . I be the one who drown ! Tom bust up laugh . huck have to clamp a hand over he mouth to keep he from be hear as the ferryboat pass by . aunt polly Tom spend half he school day swim in this - river - . he - be : — — a good swimmer . - old tim I be sorry , miss polly , but if he be on that raft when the steamboat hit it , it would not matter a hoot how good a swimmer he be . boom ! the cannon bark again . the sheriff lean out . - -— sheriff look sharp ! his body mighta wash up on the shore and get tangle in the brush ! polly burst into tear . Mary give the sheriff a harsh look . he shrug apologetically . the ferryboat continue downriver . they be far enough pst for huck to remove he hand from Tom 's mouth . Tom let out a whoop of enjoyment . tom do you see they face ? huck {he do ; and it 's make a impression ) you aunt look real sad . tom she sure do ! — Boy , this be the best trick that 's ever be pull in the history of hannibal . they really miss I . what do you think of that ? huck be not able to enjoy Tom 's merriment . huck I dunno . J be not never be miss . tom ( laugh ) they think I be dead . huck it could still happen . huck point into the distance . injun Joe be see paddle away from the island . as the smile disappear from Tom 's face ... cut to : ext . MISSISSIPPI river - day Tom and huck be each on a log , paddle furiously toward the bank where injun Joe 's canoe be beach . ' the boy be back in they clothes again . tom look like he 's headin ' for the hill . they slip off they log and let they float away . the boy slog through the water , then run past the canoe and head into the wood . CUT to : int . wood - day the sky have turn dark . a heavy rain be fall . 58 Tom and huck creep through the darken forest , fcllowing @ narrow beat path . '' they stop . hutk I do not see he print must have turn off on that road a mile back . they turn around . that 's when they hear rattlins and clanking come up the path behind they . tom what 's that ? huck I dunno -- but it 's gettin’ closer . tom then what be we standin ' here for ? the boy take off run . as they disappear , we see the source of the rattling and clanking . it 's injun Joe and emmett the tavern keeper on a rickety wagon pull by a break - down horse . ext . clearing Tom and huck emerge from the wood and be catch in the full downpour of the rainstorm . ahead of they be a spooky - look desert mansion smother in wood . _. tom . that 's the old hawkshaw place . huck I hope it 's dry inside . tom it 's suppose to be haunt . huck that be not no big deal . ghost do not come out ' till night . they hear the clanking behind they . tom you sure about that ? with no place else to go for safety or shelter , the boy hightail it to the haunt house . rain pour down . the wind slam the shutter open and shut . ry _and bolt _up a rickety staircase . mn 'o --int . haunted house —-~— day but it might as well be night it 's so dark outside . the door creak open . Tom and huck enter , brush thick cobweb out of they way . rat scurry everywhere . the plaster wall be crack and chip . weed have overgrown the floorboard . Tom and huck be try to be brave . — huck - see ? it be not so bad . not a ghost in sight . and that 's when the front door fall off its hinge and slam to the floor . Tom and huck leap out of they skin int . upstair Tom and huck scramble down a cobwebbed hallway . Tom push a door open -~ and a ghost jump out at they ! tom and huck yaaahhhhhh ! then they see it 's just a rotted bed sheet , blow in the breeze and connect to a large canopy bed . the boy enter the room . and see a large human-like bulge under the bed cover . they both stare at it . footstep and clanging approach from outside . — — — guck . eee listen ! the boy drop to they knee and look down through a hole make by a miss floorboard . below , injun Joe and emmett enter the house carry shovel and pick . without think , Tom jump up to minute but huck grab he , hold he fast . downstair , injun Joe thdk up , suspicious . injun joe what be that ? emmett {uneasy ) they say this place be haunt . injun joe by rat maybe . let 's get to work . injun Joe pull out the treasure map and unfold it . injun joe ocontinue } accordin ' to murrell 's map , it should be right next to the fireplace ... a emmett go to the fireplace , swing he pick and bring it down with force . smash ! injun Joe put the map down on a dusty table and go over to help emmett . '' Tom and huck exchange excited grin . the map be almost directly below they . huck dig into he pocket and pull out a fishing line with a hook attach . Tom nod eagerly . i - ~o — as injun Joe and emmett dig up the floor , the hook slowly descend from above . ~~ emmett you sure about the fireplace ? injun joe 1 ai not that what I say ? | and just to prove it , injun Joe stalk over to the table . 1 he snatch up the map and walk back to the fireplace . he do not feel the hook snag he hat . and lift it off he ! head ! injun joe ( continue ) see ? right here ! fireplace ! behind he , injun Joe ! at oat in mid-air . Tom and huck look at each other . what should they do ? reel it in ? let it fall ? _ emmett — well , if this be the right place , he sure bury it deep . I be halfway to China . injun joe keep diggin’ . 61 as injun Joe cross the room , huck do he best to try and follow he with the hat , hope to drop it back on he head . he manipulate the hat like a puppeteer , try to get it over Joe 's head . emmett 's pick strike metal . emmett ( with excitement ) think I hit somethin’ . emmett turn around to get injun Joe 's reaction -- and see the hat float a foot above he head . emmett ocontinue ; in terror ) Jesus Christ !~~- - — — emmett scream like a woman . he drop he tool , scramble past Joe and race out the door . injun joe what the ... injun Joe look up and see he hat . as the hat drop into injun Joe 's face , he let out a cry and take off after emmett . ext . outside injun Joe and emmett run down the road to where they horse and wagon be park . soak to the skin , greatly out of breath , they turn around and regard the haunt house . as Joe 's heart rate return to normal , so do he greed . injun joe {angry ) wait a minute ! ghost or no ghost , that treasure be mine ! I be goin ' back ! you with I or not ? emmett with you -- I guess . int . haunted house Tom and huck have take over the excavation . huck 's pick strike something metal . the two boy look at each other in excitement . 62 then , they bend down and , struggle together , lift out a heavy metal box . they set it on the floor . huck smashes the lock with he pick and Tom jerk the chest open . they eye widen . the chest be fill with gold and silver coin . a fortune . tom ( awestruck ) murrell 's treasure . footstep in approach . the boy turn . camera swing to the open doorway as injun Joe enter . injun joe ( call back to emmett ) come on , you coward . it be not ghost -- it be cobweb . Joe spy the treasure chest . camera swing with he as he rush across the room . Tom and huck have vanish . injun Joe drop to he knee , dig he finger into the coin . injun joe ( continue ; slaver ) look at you , you beautiful money . behind he , emmett enter . he be cautious but when he see the prize , he rush over to have a look . emmett how would you dig it up so fast ? injun joe ( realize ) I do not . emmett ( chill ) then who do ? they look around , spook . but injun Joe 's determine to have the treasure , no matter what the cost . injun joe I do not care if it be Old Jack scratch himself . it 's ours now . we be rich . the money dissolves emmett 's concern . emmett hello , Texas , and the good life ! injun Joe slam the chest shut . injun joe no . we will wait ' till after the trial . . I get to testify . make sure muff take the blame for Doc 's murder . emmett where we gonna keep it in the meantime ? ~ oe '' ingun ' joe - at number two , under the cross . load it on the wagon . emmett lift the heavy chest and stagger toward the door with it . injun Joe pick up the lantern , then reach into he pocket and take out the treasure map . injun joe ( continue ) guess we will not be niddin ' this . injun Joe stick one corner of the map into the lantern flame and toss it over he shoulder as he go out the door . the burn map waft through the air . Tom and huck explode from behind some curtain . they make a dive for the burn map . but by the time they catch it , the map -- the evidence that could save muff -- be burnt to a crisp . Tom and huck clamber to they foot and run to the door . they be just in time to see injun Joe 's wagon thunder away , move too fast to follow . the boy turn to each other in dismal defeat . tom no more map . huck no more treasure . tom no more muff . on that grim think ... CUT to : ext . hill above hannibal - dusk night fall as Tom and huck trudge back to town . tom I wish I know what " number two , under the cross " mean . huck if you ask I , we be better off not knowin' . tom ee we why ? huck ' Cause we be pushin ' we luck . messin 's with injun Joe be the best way I know to end up dead . tom what be it with you and injun Joe ? huck you see what he can do with a knife ? tom yeah . they say he 's the best knife - fighter on the Mississippi . huck 's face darken . buck no. ( a beat ) my pap 's the best . he teach injun Joe 's everythin’ he know . '' tom ( with surprise ) you pap ? but you say you folk be dead . a beat . we see that this be hard for huck . 65 huck . my mar die - when I be bear . and pap never have much use for I . he be too busy runnin ' from the law . him and injun Joe meet in jail . gtake Tom a moment to take all this in . he look at gk who have tell it coldly , factually , without emotion . -. — tom where 's you pap now ? gk shrug , feign indifference . huck Dead or drunk in jail . from _._._ the day i_was bear , he never '' ~~. - do nothin 's but beat I like a rent mule ... {as he anger burst loose ) --- and show I how to do this ! sager - fast , huck draw he knife and throw it . the knife fly end over end and embed itself -- whap ! -- in the tenter of the mile marker twenty foot ahead . it 's a * mpossible shot but huck have do it with deadly accuracy . tom wow . tye be astound . he turn to huck and see a savage look we the boy 's face -- a look that tell he there be a side wp huck that be capable of great ferocity . then , the look gs go . gock jog to the mile marker and yank out he knife . he wipe the blade on he pants and shove it back in he pelt . join he . he try to think of something to say . puckily , bell begin to toll in the distance , come from hannibal . ' tom ocontinue } you hear that ? huck Church bell . tom but it be not Sunday . 66 huck they 's funeral bell . tom you be right . I wonder who die ? huck you get a short mgmory . Tom break into a huge mischievous smile . tom with all the excitement , I almost forget . I be dead . hey , huck , you want to come to my funeral ? os huck Hell . why not ? tom come on ! I do not want to miss this ! Tom run down the hill . huck follow . CUT to : int . church attic - night from a high angle Pov we can see people slowly filter in to the sanctuary . most be sniffle and sobbing . all this be accompany by bad organ music . the Pov belong to the " decease " himself , Tom sawyer . hiding up in the attic with huck , Tom peer through one of a hundred or so crack in the church ceiling . Tom be beside himself with glee when he see aunt polly , sid and Mary come up the aisle , look distraught . Tom hear voice outside . he make he way to the wall and look through a crack . he see a bunch of kide stand outside the church . first kid ( proudly ) Tom sawyer beat I up once ! he knock out two of my front tooth . second kid that 's nothin’ . he knock out all my tooth and break my arm . 67 then Tom see : tom Becky . and she look so sweet and sad , stand next to a teary - eye suzy harper . becky I wish I could see he just one more time . ( sniffle ) I would call he my sweetheart and kiss he , right in front of everybody . this be too much . Tom be in total ecstasy . ext . across the churchyard the black cat 's - eye marble , hold between injun Joe 's thumb and forefinger . pull back as injun Joe slap a coin into Joe harper 's hand , right on top of another coin . Joe harper look at the coin and start reeling off history . joe mickey Douglas get the cat 's - eye from he cousin in St. Louis . then he trade it to Alfred Temple who sell it to Doug tanner who trade it to johnny Miller who -- no , wait . Alfred sell it to johnny who trade it to Doug ... fed up , injun Joe grab Joe harper by the collar . injun joe ( intense ) just tell I who own it last . Joe harper look into that evil face and almost wet he pants . joe Tom sawyer . Tom sawyer own it last . injun Joe 's eye widen . Joe harper shake he head sadly . joe ( continue ) but it do not matter ' cause now Tom 's dead . 66 injun Joe look around at all the mourner pile into the church . he give a evil grin ... injun too bad . I be so sad . doe harper back away and hurry into the church . int . church people be sniffle and cry and dabbing they eye . polly , Mary and sid sit together in the front pew . surprisingly , even sid seem sad . Mary pat sid 's hand . mary you miss he , do not you ? sid nod , feel truly sorry for ... himself . sid with Tom dead , I get nobody to snitch on . we see the widow Douglas sit off to herself , regal and hawk - like . she dab a tear , then look around crossly to make sure no one see she . judge thatcher stand at the pulpit . thatcher Tom sawyer be not a bad boy . ( a look at Becky ) not from what I be tell . ( resume ) he be just mischievous and willful . in that respect , I guess you would have to admit there 's a little bit of Tom sawyer in all boy . ( a beat ) I know I speak for everybody when I say we be go to miss he . up above , Tom grin , loving every minute . he turn to huck . tom I be beginnin ' to miss I , too . huck be get feed up with Tom 's perverse enjoyment . huck how long be you gonna make you aunt suffer ? 69 tom what do you mean ? through the crack , we see aunt polly cry . tom ( continue ; a twinge of regret ) she do look sad . ifeéling for she ; under he breath ) do not cry , aunt polly . I be okay . huck — you-got-all - this folk - bawwlin 's I they eye out . go home , Tom ... down below , judge thatcher look up to heaven . thatcher Lord , we would do anything to have Tom back . huck reach out and give Tom a shove . Tom fall on the plaster ceiling which give way beneath he . the church ceiling open up and Tom drop down . he land in front of the pulpit . Tom sit up , look surprised , shaking the plaster dust out of he hair . aunt polly let out a.cry . the entire congregation rush to Tom . polly hug he . he let himself be fawn over , enjoy all the attention . everybody be talk at once . some be elate . some be laugh at the joke . but most be pretty damn furious . through a window , huck drop down and look in at the celebration . Left out . unlove . huck turn and walk away . Becky work she way toward Tom . he see she come , pull away from polly and step forward to meet she . tom hello , Becky . ai not you glad to see I ? Becky lift a fist and punch he . whap ! right in the nose . Tom stagger back . Becky storm off . judge thatcher follow she , give Tom a sympathetic look . Tom hold he bloody nose . people crowd around Tom , welcoming he back from the deal CUT to : ext . wood - day Tom tramp through the forest until he enter ... huck' camp where huck be shove some article into a burlap sack , tom huck . what be you doin ' ? huck turn , acknowledge Tom with -a- curt nod , then go ~— back to he 's activity . huck packin ' , tom what for ? huck time to move on down the river . tom ( confuse ) why ? huck " why ? " ' Cause it 's what I do . I never stay long in one place . gotta keep movin ' . tom what about muff Potter ? huck we try . it do not work out . Tom be upset , try to find a way to keep huck from leave . tom but , huck , you can not go . huck gimme one good reason . 71 — - tom ~ ( struggle to think ) well . the Big harvest celebration be comin ' up it 's gonna be ton of fun ... huck ( a harsh laugh ) you gonna intreduce I to all the folk ? '' that 's a good one . they ' 11 ] run you out of town on the same rail . tom naw , they will not ... huck I do not leave place ' cause it want to . I leave ' cause sooner or later they find I and run I out . this time I be gonna beat ‘em to the punch . tom {not give up ) ... I think we be friend . huck give Tom a cold look ... huck you think wrong -- I be not get no friend . ai not get time for ‘em ... Tom be heartbroken . huck heft he sack . he turn to go , hesitates . look back at Tom . huck ocontinue } but if I do have one , I would want he to be like you . and with that , huck Finn disappear into the forest . Tom just stand there , stunne . the world have become a deflate balloon . Tom look around at huck 's camp , 50 lonely now . the hammock . the empty picture frame . Tom turn to go and walk right into injun Joe . tom yaahhh ! 72 injun Joe give he a hard shove and Tom fall down on he ass . he scramble backwards and bump up against huck 's " throne . " remain at a distance , injun Joe reach into he pocket . he take out the black cat 's - eye and give it a underhand toss . injun joe you lose somethin' ...? Tom 's wide , frighten eye follow the marble 's trajectory as it come down , hit the ground and roll right up to he foot . tom {in terror ) that be not mine . injun joe-slide out -his jong silver knife : injun joe do not lie to I , boy . Tom change gear : tom you know , you be right . that be my cat 's - eye . reason I do not recognize it right away be ' cause I lose it in the graveyard . musta be two or three month ago . with lightning speed , injun Joe hurl he knife . Tom clamp he eye shut , hear a thunk . cautiously , Tom open he eye . realize - he be not the target . -. Tom turn and see that Joe have throw the knife at a old portrait hang on a nearby tree . it 's a portrait of a distinguished look man . injun Joe 's knife be stick right in he heart . Tom get the " point . " injun joe fetch I the knife . Tom be paralyze . injun joe - ( continue ; a sinister hiss ) I say fetch it . tremble all over , Tom manage to stand . he cross to the tree , pull the knife out . then , knee knock , he walk to injun Joe . ~ ub injun joe ( continue ) now . give it to I . Tom hold out the knife . injun Joe do not take it right away . injun joe ( continue ) you would like to stick it in I , would not you ? ' like to gut I good . here 's you chance . ( a beat ) go ahead . ( continue ; a beat ) all you gotta do be kill I and then go tell - everybody in - - a hannibal what you know . but Tom can not bring himself to do it . Joe be just too damned scary . in a blur of motion , injun Joe snatch the knife and Tom find the blade be press to he throat . injun Joe hold he , hiss into he ear : injun joe ( continue ) you do not kill I , boy . Big mistake . ' Cause if you ever say what you know , I be sure as hell gonna kill you . injun Joe let out a terrifying laugh . he throw Tom to the ground and be suddenly go . Tom look around . it 's like Joe be never there . cut to : ext . MAIN STREET - day Tom glumly walk along the boardwalk . the town barber call to a shopkeeper . barber I be close up tomorrow to go to the trial . how about you ? shopkeeper would not miss it for the world . it ought to be almost as much fun as the hang ! Tom take note and walk on . a horse -drawn carriage clop by , carry judge thatcher and Becky . 14 as they pass , Tom and Becky lock eye . Tom be hope for some sign of affection . instead , Becky contort she face and stick she tongue out the final blow . Tom sit down under a tree . he stare into the distance look quite deject . widow douglas ( 0.s. ) Thomas sawyer ...! Tom look up to find the widow Douglas peer down on he from she smart carriage . tom yes , mar ‘am ...? widow douglas what 's wrong with you , boy ? widow douglas nothing ?! then get you chin eff you chest . a boy you age should not be mope about . you look pathetic ... tom widow Douglas , I sort of feel that way . widow douglas well , buck up -- enjoy you youth while you have get it ... ( move on } it do not get any easier , I promise you that ... widow Douglas drive off leave Tom to contemplate the ominous prospect . CUT to : int . jail cell - night muff Potter sit on he cot , stare into the shadow look devastate ... suddeniy , in the bar window above the bed , we see Tom 's face ... tom hey , muff ...! muff oturn , look up ) Tom ...! tom how're you~doin ' , muff ? muff ( sadly ) not so good ... tom I bring you some corn bread . I save it from dinner ... Tom push the corn bread through the bar in a check napkin ... muff gee , thanks ... ._ he start hungrily eat the cornbread . .-—-...- --—-_——~—-- tom they treatin’ you okay ? muff stop eat ... muff ( terrify ) Tom , they be gonna hang I . Tom look distress -- he do not know what to say . tom ( finally ) ... maybe not . muff ( desperate ) I be innocent -- I do not do it , I swear . ij do some crazy stupid thing in my life , but I never kill anyone . you gotta believe I . tom I do . '' muff you do ? _ tom yep . I do . muff how come ? nobody else do . Tom struggle with what to say ... 76 tom well , I know you , muff ... sometimes , when you be drunk you get kinda disgustin ' -- but , I know you would not hurt a fly . muff ( start to cry ) do not matter -- they be gonna hang I anyway ... ( sobbing ) just my luck ... just my lousy godforsake luck ... tom ( now quite - uncomfortable ) —- — ~— - ae do not ery , muff ... muff why not ? tom ( search for a reason } maybe they will not hang you ... muff ( woeful ) ..- it 's gonna take a miracle ... why would a miracle happen to I ...? Tom huddle in the window , deeply touch and feel horrible ... tom -.. I do not know , muff -- I guess , all kind of strange thing can happen to almost anyone . CUT to : int . tom' bedroom - night Tom lie in bed , stare out the window at the star . sid 's bed be empty . the door open , let in a shaft of light from the hall . Tom look up as aunt polly enter , a look of concern on she face . aunt polly why , Tom , it 's not bedtime for another hour . be you feel all right ? 77 polly sit down on the edge of the bed , put she hand on Tom 's forehead . -.- aunt polly ocontinue ) you do not have a fever . what 's ail you ? Tom look at she , emotion whirling across he face . tom aunt polly , - what if - you swore a oath , promisin 's not to tell somethin’ . but the something ' you promise not to tell need tellin’ . aunt polly — ee ee ee oo a '' what '' happén zf you break the oath ? tom you drop dead . and rot . aunt polly not good . tom yeah , and on top of that , somebody ' 1 ] cut you throat with a knife . aunt polly not good at all . - — — tom but if you do not tell , something ' worse might happen -- to somebody who do not deserve it . polly look at the boy . she see the trouble he 's in . aunt polly Tom , for as long as I can remember , you have be nothing but trouble to I . most of the time you be selfish and irresponsible . ( fondly ) but deep down , you be a good boy . you have get a good heart . and I believe you will know the right thing to do and you will do it . 768 polly ruffle Tom 's hair , get up . she cross the room , smile at he from the door . aunt polly ( continue ) dust follow you heart . polly exit and close the door . Tom consider she wise word and gulp : 7 tom muff 's a goner . cuT to : int . town hall - day pack to the rafter . familiar face include polly , Mary , sid , Becky , schoolmaster dobbin , emmett , the sheriff , the widow Douglas , and injun Joe . Tom sneak into the back of the room and look around . muff Potter , haggard and hopeless , sit in chain next to he defense lawyer . injun Joe sit with the other witness . judge thatcher preside from behind he bench . the prosecutor , a man with a irritate theatrical flair , display mufft knife as he question the welshman . prosecutor and you be sure you - sell this - -- knife ? welshman sure I be sure . last Winter . prosecutor and be the man you sell it to in this room ? welshman ' course he be . why , I -- ~- prosecutor could you point out the owner of this knife , please ? welshman be ya blind ? he 's right there ! opoint to muff ) muff Potter ! prosecutor that will be all . ( turn to the Defense ) you witness . the Defense rise . defense no question . muff link lower in he chair . moment later iinjun Joe be on the stand . the entire courtroom be transfix . injun joe so I head up to the cemetery . I often like to sit up there and watch the star . Tom 's eye narrow , mad as hell . muff just shake he head . injun joe ( continue ) anyway , I see muff drunk . Real drunk and ina rage . I see he lift the knife and before I know what be . happen , he plunge it down into the Doc . four time he stab he . the whole crowd cringe and squirm . the prosecutor smile and turn to the Defense . prosecutor you witness . the Defense rise . defense no question . judge thatcher frown . someone in the crowd yell : someone we know he 's guilty but by God , you gotta at least pretend to give he a fair trial ! 73 shout and cat-call . the Defense ignore it . judge thatcher pound he gavel . thatcher order ! order in the court ! the prosecutor step up . prosecutor by the testimony of this simple citizen , we have prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that muff Potter be guilty of the murder of Doctor jonas Robinson . we rest we case ! bo injun Joe walk back to he chair , a smirk on he face . thatcher counsel for the defense . do you have a defense ? the crowd yell as the Defense slowly rise . defense we do , you honor . the Defense call to the stand -~- Thomas sawyer ! the whole crowd gasp . aunt polly be shocked . Tom feel all eye on he as he walk up the aisle . glance at injun Joe who give he a vicious look . Tom place a tremble hand on the Bible . thatcher do you swear to Tel ] the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? tom I ... I ... he Tom look at injun Joe 's iron face . unseen by other , Joe slowly reach into he jacket and draw out he knife . thatcher Thomas sawyer , do you swear to tell the truth ? schoolmaster dobbin whisper loudly : dobbins it would - certainly be the first time . the crowd titter . this really piss Tom off . he look at dobbin , grit he tooth and say : tom I do ! the Defense step forward . defense mister sawyer , where be you on the twenty - eighth of this month at the hour of midnight ? _ Tom mumble something , ce '' thatcher louder , please . tom iwas ... uh ... in the graveyard . the crowd give a start . polly 's eye widen . defense and what be you do there ? tom tryin ' to get rid of wart . the crowd laugh . Tom give they a angry look , then catch eye with injun Joe . for Tom 's benefit , Joe draw out he knife a little further . defense be you close to the grave that muff Potter be digging up ? tom ( eye on Joe 's knife ) ie. tee . in the crowd , dobbin stand up . dobbins you be waste you time . this boy would not know the truth if it kick he in the tooth ! judge thatcher pound he gavel . the prosecutor stand . prosecutor you honor , he 's right . everybody in this courtroom know Tom sawyer and what a irresponsible teller of tale he be . some would call he a outright liar ! Tom jump to he foot , angry as hell : tom I be there ! and the knife do not stab Doc Robinson four time . he be stab three time . in the gallery , the sheriff be startle . he stand up . sheriff he 's right ! and I be not tell that to a soul ! Tom go for it : - tom ( continue ) injun Joe and the Doc get into a fight . muff try to break it up and the Doc hit he with a grave marker , knockin ' he cold . Tom grab the Bible and point it at injun Joe . tom injun Joe take muff 's knife and kill the Doc ! it be injun Joe ! injun Joe leap up and throw he knife . it whistle through the air . Tom lift the Bible in front of he face . the knife slam into the Bible -- wham ! the blade come out on the other side -- a inch from Tom 's nose ! the crowd scream . injun Joe charge across the room . he deck the prosecutor , elbow the sheriff , head - butt dobbin in the nose -- and leap out the window with a crash . people yell and rush for the exit . dobbin scream : dobbins my node ! he break my node ! ~ ° 83 Tom stare at the knife embed in the Bible . then he - look at muff Potter . — muff grin at he , tear in he eye , eternally grateful . hand grab Tom and lift he up . people come forward to congratulate he . voice ' Atta boy , Tom ! ~- Tom 's a hero ! ~- hurray for Tom ! -- hurray for Tom sawyer ! the Defense lawyer come over and pat Tom on the shoulder ... defense lawyer Tom , you do the right thing come to_me ae be - in all this confusion , judge thatcher nod to the sheriff who unlock muff 's chain . he 's a free man ! cur to : ext . MISSISSIPPI - downriver - day a lazy stretch of the Big muddy , about fifty mile south of hannibal . two flatboat pass each other , travel in opposite direction . the flatboatman head NORTH call to the flatboatman head south . NORTH say ! you be up to hannibal ? just leave this mornin 's ! NORTH do they hang muff Potter yet ? south you be not hear ? muff do not do it . it be injun Joe murder Doc Robinson . Tom sawyer testify he see Joe do the killin ' . the man be not aware that they conversation be be overhear by huck Finn who lounge in a tree along the shoreline , smoking he pipe . 84 NORTH I will be damned . ( then ; a happy think ) say ! when they gonna hang injun Joe ? I would pay money to see that ! south ai not gonna happen ! Joe get away ! huck feel he blood run cold . NORTH lordy . JI would not want to be that sawyer boy ! CUT to : int . aunt polly' house - sitting room - night tick -- tick -- tick -- the only sound we hear be the tick of the grandfather clock in aunt polly 's sit room ... aunt polly be busy with she knitting . Tom sit in a straight chair read a book about King Arthur 's Knights ~~ but he can barely concentrate . every creak , every bump triggers he worst fear . his eye dart from window to window -- this be a boy who be terrify ... sid sit nearby do he multiplication table . he 's clearly enjoy Tom be spook . aunt polly {without look up ) you boy lookin ' forward to the harvest celebration tomorrow ? sid i sure be . Tom be silent . aunt polly how ' bout you , Tom ? Tom shake he head , sullenly . aunt polly ( continue ) but you have be talk about it for month . tom I do not think I will be goin ' this year . sid ( act shocked ) not go to the harvest celebration ?? tom shut up , sid . aunt polly Tom , you should not have to worry . the whole town will be there ~- safety in number , you know . '' ~~ sip . - {suddenly sit up ) .» do you hear that ? tom rreact ) hear what ? sid I hear something ... tom where ?? sid maybe the front door ... aunt polly well go see ! sid get up and leave the room . hold on Tom as he hear the door open and close ... sid ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) one moment , please ... we hear footstep move toward the sit room ... now sid poke he head into the room ... sid {to Tom , gleefully ) oh , Tom -- there 's a indian gentleman to see you . be Tom , furious , hurl a brocade pillow at sid 's head . CUT to : int . tom' bedroom - night Tom lie awake in bed , eye wide , stare into the darkness ... sid be fast asleep in the next bed , snore away . the wind blows -- a branch snap in the tree outside the bedroom window . Tom practically jump out of he skin ... out of the corner of he eye , he steal a glance at the tree and see , stand in the tree ... the silhouette of a man ... Tom freeze ... be it he imagination play trick on he again ? ancther SNAP and then , a bump ... Tom do the only thing he can think of -- he bury he head under the cover ... angle - the window as camera move slowly in , we discover there be , in fact , someone in the tree ... closer angle - the window sill we see a grimy hand start to pry open the window . the window creak ... under the cover Tom shiver and then , very tentatively , poke he head out from under the cover -- ' just in time to see ... a dark figure coming through the window Tom bolt up and be about to scream when a dirty hand clamp over he mouth . voice shhh ... back light against the window we see the silhouette of huckleberry finn. __ .. huck ( whisper , nasty ) scare ? you should be . tom ocatch he breath ) huck -- what be you do ?? 87 huck shove the pine shingle in Tom 's face -- they oath of secrecy . huck remember this ? tom yeah , but huck ... huck accordin ' to this , you should be dead and startin’ to rot about now . tom I have to help muff . not to help he woulda be wrong . huck you swore a oath . you swore . do not that mean anything ? tom not if it 's gonna end up hurtin’ someone . huck well , the " someone " that 's gonna be hurt turn out to be you . and you better keep I out of it ! this be you mess ... tom huck ... wait .7. but in a flash , huck be out the window and down the tree ... and Tom be leave alone in the dark . CUT to : ext . cornfield - day close on Tom run through a cornfield . ar first , we think Tom be run from something . then , we see that he 's run toward ... ext . meadow - day the big harvest celebration be underway . this be a celebration that trace its root to pagan time , combine aspect of the harvest Home and all hallow 's eve. a food be everywhere . there be game and contest , play by child and adult . kid bob for apple in tub of water . a band play popular song . the whole town have turn out ... — - '' we find Old Tim who 's entertain a group of wide - eye _ kid . old tim if you go to the crossroad and | listen to the wind , you can ' learn all the most important thing that will befall you in the next twelve month . moving through , we find Becky and a group of girl be enact a old superstitious rite to foretell you husband . the girl stand in line with eye close and ' chant : ' becky and girl " I sew hemp seed and he who be j to be my husband , - let he come and harrow it . " the girl toss seed over they shoulder , giggle and enjoy they silliness . girl in charge now turn and you shall see the form of you husband . the girl turn but there 's only a empty field behind they . they laugh and go off to some other activity . except for Becky . '' she hesitates . suddenly , Tom emerge from the adjacent cornfield . he walk up to she ... tom ( a shy smile ) hello , Becky . Becky let out a gasp . 8s becky oh , no ! 7 embarrass , Becky turn sand flee . Tom run after she . he catch she but she will not look he in the eye . tom what 's wrong ? be I that bad to look at ? ~~ becky 7 ( blurt ) we be go to be marry ! tom oshock ) what ? beéky react to he expression . becky ( miff ) well , you need not look so disappointed . I do not like it any better than you do . and with that , Becky run off to join the other girl . Tom stand there , look bewilder . Joe harper join he . joe what 's wrong with you ? tom I think I just get marry and divorced at the same time . before Joe can question this , Old Tim shout out to all the kid : old tim who 's ready for the cave ? with whoops and cheer , the child assemble . torch be hand out and Old Tim lead the throng up a trail toward t gape hole in the side of the mountain -- macdongal 's cave . CUT to : int . tavern - night the place be empty . everyone 's at the celebration . all but emmett . he 's load a shovel and a pick into a burlap sack when he hear the door creak open . a shadow fall over emmett and the bar . emmett — {as he turn ) can not you read the sign ? it say we be clo ... emmett cut off in mid-word . the man stand in the doorway wear a long coat and a low slouch hat which conceal he face . he step into the light . it 's injun Joe . . - emmett ( continue ) Joe ! injun joe {a know evil smile ) _ gonna do a little diggin ' without I ? emmett ( nervous ; pop eweat ) no , Joe . I be just gettin’ the tool ready for when you come back . Boy , be I glad to see you . injun Joe remain ice cold . injun joe I do not think you be glad to see I . I think you be gonna go to number two under the cross and get the treasure for yourself . -~ ~~ . emmett Joe , I would not cheat you . emmett 's eye lower to the gun he keep under the bar . he move closer to it . injun joe that 's right . you would not cheat I . ' Cause you be smart enough to know that if you emmett go for the gun . but he finger never reach it . injun Joe 's knife come sailing like a missile and embed itself in emmett 's chest . emmett fail to the floor , dead . injun joe ( continue ; a deadly grin ) ++. I would have to kill you . CUT to : int . cave - night the adult carry torch and be busy explore the beautiful ancient indian hieroglyphics on the cave wall the child carry candle and be busy run and chase each other in the forechamber , they laughter booming and echoing all over . judge thatcher call to Becky who be play tag with she girlfriend . thatcher be careful , Rebecca . old tim remember , kid , stay to the forechamber ! Becky race around a stone column and run into Tom . tom ( mock tone ) be careful , Rebecca . stay to the forechamber with the other child , Rebecca . Becky give he a look . becky I will go where I please . Becky look off to a dark , forebode tunnel . she call out to suzy harper . becky ( continue ) come on , suzy ! let 's go down that tunnel . suzy give the tunnel a quick glance . suzy not I ! suzy run off . Becky 's eye shift nervously , aware that Tom be watch she . becky maybe I will go down it myself . 10 tw Becky look at Tom . he smirk . tom I dare ya . that 's all she have to hear . angry , pride take over , Becky pick up a lantern someone have leave on a rock and storm off into the dark tunnel . as Becky enter the tunnel , she look of defiance become a look of dread , but she do not let Tom see it . Tom be surprised by she boldness . and impressed . he follow she . he do not hear Old Tim and the other adult call to all the child . old tim okay ! time to go ! CuT to : ext . above macdougal be cave - night Higher up on the mountain , injun Joe lug the sack contain pick and shovel . injun joe - see from a distance this seem like someone 's Pov . injun Joe slog along . from the valley below , the music drift up , eerily . Joe arrive at a secret entrance to the cave -- a small open hide by the surround foliage . he disappear within . angle - huck huck move out from behind a boulder . it 's clear he 's be follow injun Joe ... he hesitates for a moment , tear as to what to do -- struggle with he feeling and he fear ... CUT to : int . cave - satan' cathedral Tom and Becky step into a enormous cavern with a small creek run through it . the bank of the creek be encrust with a frostwork of glitter crystal . Becky be awestruck . becky it 's beautiful . 1 will ue Tom shrug , pretend to be aloof and unimpress . tom i've be here plenty of time . it 's call Satan 's Cathedral . Becky give he a look . becky well , I will find a cavern you have not be to and I will name it myself . ~ Becky cross the cavern , head for another tunnel . CUT to : ~~ '' int , cave = passage way injun Joe make he way down a dark passage , move toward the bowel of the cave ... CUT to : ext . cave all the child scramble out , cover in mud and slime but happy as can be . Old Tim say to the welshman : old tim that 's the last of them as far as I can see . the welshman pat Old Tim on the back as they follow the other downhill . cur to : int . cave Becky enter another huge cavern . it be fill with stalactite and stalagmite that shine from the light of Becky 's lantern . ~ '' becky | this one 's even more beautiful . tom {as he enter ; blase ) we call it aladdin 's Palace . Becky glare at he . Tom smile . then , want to impress she , he cup he hand over he mouth . __ ext . field 34 tom ( continue ) helloooss ! his voice echoes across the cavern . cur to : int . cave - tunnel injun Joe , stoop over in a low tunnel , react to the distant sound of a human voice somewhere in the cave ... CUT to : aunt polly meet judge thatcher in front of the bonfire aunt polly hello , judge . thatcher miss polly . aunt polly I be wonder if you have see Tom . thatcher why , no . last time I see he he be with Rebecca . they be chase around in the cave . ( look around ) I think they come out with everybody else but I do not see they , sheriff hick come run up , frighten and out of breath . thatcher ( continue ) what be it , sheriff ? what 's wrong ? _ sheriff judge , I be make my round in town when I see the door to the tavern stand open . I go inside and there he be -- emmett ~- lie there deader than a mackerel -- with a big knife - hole in he heart . will ut thatcher a knife , you say ? sheriff only one man can throw a knife like that . polly grip thatcher 's arm . aunt polly injun Joe ! he 's come back to get he revenge.on Tom ! thatcher ( realize ) and if Becky 's with he ... ( then ; quickly ) we have get to find they ! int . cave - aladdin' palace Tom and Becky both holler . they voice echo and bounce off the wall . they yell louder , have a great time . suddenly , a loud rumbling ricochet around the cavern . Tom stop yell , a look of concern on he face . Becky yell again . Tom grab she . tom stop , Becky ! becky you do not tell I what to do . ( shouting ) hellooooo ! tom no , Becky -- too late . a group of huge boulder be jarre loose and crash down into the cavern . Tom grab Becky and pull she out of the way of the avalanche . cur to : int . cave - SMALL chamber while move through a small chamber , injun Joe hear the sound of the avalanche . he quickly dart into a adjoin tunnel ... ccut to : will a ext . field judge thatcher be organize a group of man to return to the cave . they be lighting torch , cock rifle , etc . thatcher that of you with wife and child , make sure they be safe . the rest of you -~ with I . my daughter and Tom sawyer may still be in the cave . Old Tim step forward . old tim I will lead ya , judge . Le thatcher vee ee ~ ( a nod of thanks ) let 's go . with Old Tim in front , they set off , torch blaze . int . aladdin' palace amid the settle rubble , Tom and Becky see that the way out be seal off . becky oh , Tom , we be trap . tom do not you worry , Becky . we will find a way out . — . becky how ? Tom hold up he candle . a breeze blow . the candle flicker . tom ( point ) this way . they move around a large outcropping of rock and find a small tunnel . ' the wind blow they hair . Tom 's candle go out . he take the lantern from Becky . Tom and Becky look at each other . Becky take Tom 's hand ... and they enter the tunnel . cur to : 97 ext . macdougal's cave a _ procession of torch approach the mouth of the cave . Old Tim lead the way . int . cave - tunnel Tom and Becky run down a spooky passage , yell : tom and becky help ! help ! can anybody hear we ? they round a corner -- and run right over a skeleton . crunching its bone . Becky scream . Tom guide he candle to illuminate the skeleton . the skeleton be hold - a ' rusty cutlass and there 's a eyepatch still in place over the skull . Tom can not contain he delight . tom one : Eye murrell ! int . cave Old Tim lead the search party into Satan 's Cathedral . he notice a cloud of dust wafting out of a connect tunnel . old tim oh , lordy . thatcher what 's it mean ? old tim there 's be a cave - in . on judge thatcher 's stricken look , we ... CUT to : ext . another cavern Tom be carry murrell 's rusty cutlass as he and Becky come into the next chamber where a waterfall cascade down from the ceiling and into a black hole . tom well , at least we get water . you thirsty ? ~ 98 Becky shake she head " no . " she point to the lantern in Tom 's hand . the candle inside be almost a stub . becky this be all the light we have get . when this go out ... it will go dark forever . tom do not worry , Becky . everything 's gonna be just -- Tom see something and stop . behind the waterfall , something seem to be move . Becky turn to look ... ~ very slowly , something come through the center of the waterfall . it 's a watery face ! the water slowly form around the face , then spread to reveal ... tom ( continue ) injun Joe ! the waterfall explode as injun Joe leap through it -- carry a torch which burst into spark but continue to burn . injun joe ( a shout from hell ) Tom sawyer ! Tom grab Becky and they race into another tunnel . behind they , injun Joe hit the ground . he look to see which way they go and follow . int . tunnel Tom and Becky run as if chase by the Devil himself . up ahead be a junction . Tom choose a direction and they disappear into the darkness . second later , injun Joe arrive . he stop , cock he head to one side , try to hear they footstep . but the echoes be confusing here . ext . macdougal's cave the search party emerge . aunt polly and other rush forward to get the news . judge thatcher , stoic , go to polly , take she by the arm . thatcher there 's be a cave - ~in . aunt polly oh , no , thatcher the child may be all right . Tim say there be other way in and out . polly be a strong woman but this be too much . aunt polly if I lose he again , I do not know what I will do . ~ ~ '' int . " enormous cavern Tom and Becky arrive in the most spectacular chamber of all . it be a large cliff , overhange a bottomless abyss . as they enter , a cloud of bat suddenly flap to life and dive - bomb they . Becky scream . Tom pull she close and they duck as the bat flutter past and disappear . then , all be quiet . Tom straighten up and then he see it in the lantern light -- on the wall nearby have be carve a big Roman numeral " ii . " tom ( realize ) number two ! Tom swing the lantern . there be a large rock formation on the far wall , shape like a cross . tom ( continue ) under the cross ! becky what be you talk about ? Tom notice a jag incline that lead upward toward a small hole in the cave ceiling . through the hole , we see blue sky . they have find the way out . tom Becky -~ look ! 100 she see it , she heart soar . tom ( continue ) go on . I be right behind you . Becky scramble up the incline . Tom run over to the area under the cross . he see freshly dig earth . Tom drop to he knee and begin to dig frantically with the rusty cutlass , scoop out dirt until it strike a hard object . the chest . murrell 's treasure . Becky have reach the hole in the ceiling , realize Tom be still below . becky ( call back ) tom oshout back ) find you father ! bring he back ! Becky hesitates . becky Tom ... tom hurry ! Becky be go . Tom grab the chest , start to lift it out when he be '' strike from behind . Tom go sprawling . injun Joe loom over Tom , a wick grin spread across he satanic feature . injun joe look like I get it all . the treasure and you . injun Joe draw he knife . Tom swing the rusty cutlass into Joe 's leg . the half - breed let out a cry of pain and stagger back . Tom get to he foot . he charge injun Joe but Joe back - hand he . Tom hit the ground , lose he grip on the cutlass . it skitter across the cave floor . knife in one hand , Joe pounce . he grab Tom by the neck and raise he blade , when : . Tom ! . will not ici voice from behind get you hand off my friend ! injun Joe turn in surprise . he look up . huck Finn stand on the rock above he . injun joe what the ... huck launch himself into space and land with both foot on injun Joe 's chest . Joe go fly , skid across the slick cave floor , stop a inch from the cliff 's edge . huck hover over Tom who grin at he through he pain . tom huck . we ee injun Joe be on he foot , he knife flash in the light of the lantern . he gape at huck . injun joe I know you . you be pap Finn 's boy -- blueberry ! huck give Joe a deadly look and correct he : huck huckleberry . injun Joe advance , knife gleam . injun joe you old man be the best knife - fighter - on the Mississippi . do he teach you ? huck whip out he knife . huck he teach I . injun joe then let 's see what you get ... river trash . huck 's eye flash and narrow to mean slit . huck ( through clench tooth ) i_ai not river ash . injun Joe and huck go at it . 102 as Tom watch , huck wield he knife with great skill , dueling injun joe.back — - and -forth , both move closer , ever closer to the cliff 's edge . Joe 's knife slashes at huck 's clothing but huck hold he own . injun joe ( as he fight ) you get gut , boy . and ina minute , they be gonna be on the ground . huck fight valiantiy but he 's a boy and injun Joe be a man . with he free hand , Joe explode a fist off huck 's jaw and the boy go fly , lose he knife . huck land on the cave floor , stunne . injun Joe raise he knife to throw it . - = '' injun joe ( continue ) it 's over , boy . I never miss . that 's when Tom shout from behind : tom let 's see you hit this ! injun Joe whirl around and be horrify to see that Tom be hold the treasure chest over he head , prepare to hurl it over the cliff and into the abyss . Joe let out a ery from the bottom of he soul ... joe nott ! ++. and charge Tom > — — - — — — ' Tom hurl the chest into the air and injun Joe ( in slow motion ) make a spectacular dive for it , arm outstretch . in mid-air , Joe catch the chest in he arm and hug it to he body only to realize that Tom have trick he into leaping over the edge of the cliff . with a scream on he lip , injun Joe fall to he doom . it 's over . Tom cross to huck and heip he up . — '' tom what make you come back ? huck ( shrug ) seem like the right thing to do .. maybe we be friend , after all . 103 Fair enough . the two boy venture to the cliff 's edge . huck well , I guess injun Joe get he treasure . tom do he ? ( a grin ) you do not think I could have lift that chest with all that coin in it , do you ? Tom indicate the spot where he dumped out the entire treasure . the gold and silver coin sparkle . they sparkle almost as brightly as the eye of Tom and huck . there be a loud clamorfrom above . _ ee voice Tom ! Tom , be you all right ? the boy look up to discover a sea of concerned face peer down from the hole in the ceiling . Becky , judge thatcher , Old Tim and aunt polly . even sid. see all the people , huck retreat into the shadow but Tom grab he arm and bring he back into the light . the townspeople marvel at the strange- look boy . sid who 's that ? tom ~ ~ ( with pride ) huck Finn ! not only do he save my life but he 's one of the two richest boy in the county ! huck look at Tom in surprise . sid who 's the other one ? tom {a big grin ) you be lookin ' at he . Tom step aside to allow the sun to shine on murreli 's treasure . as the other gasp , Tom look at huck and wink at he . huck break into a big grin -- it 's the first time we have ever see he smile . CuT to : 104 ext . above macdougal be cave ~ day nearly the entire town have converge around the hole to the cave ... even muff Potter be there . now , Tom and huck emerge from the hole lug they gold in sack . as the boy appear a loud roar erupt from the crowd ... there be much back slapping and embrace : Tom and huck ; Tom and aunt polly ; Tom and Becky ... now , the widow Douglas confront huck ... widow douglas Young man , what 's to become of you ? have you begin to think about you future ? huck ( shake he head ) no , mar 'am -- never have one . widow douglas well , you have get one now and you would best begin . muff ( shouting we ) Three cheer ! Three cheer for the bravest boy in hannibal ! as the crowd begin to cheer ... ext . hannibal - MAIN STREET - day camera be close on the fromt page of the local paper , hang in the window of the newspaper office . the headline read : " tom sawyer , hero -- boy discover los ' R ure . '' pull back to reveal Tom look at the headline . he be all dude up in new clothes , play the role of reluctant celebrity but loving every minute . we do not see who he 's talk to . tom bein 's a rich hero be not all it 's crack up to be . ( more ) 105 tom ( cont 'd ) -- people after - you all the time ... wantin ' to meet you and shake you hand ... borrow money . you never get no time for yourself . Tom turn away from the headline and saunter down the boardwalk , we widen to show that he 's be follow by a group of admirer ~- little kid , not a one of they over five year old . Tom 's - £an-club . . tom ( continue ) then there 's all the social obligation ... judge thatcher and Becky ride by — in - they — earriage — — — — — Becky call to Tom : becky do not forget , . Tom . you - - promise to take I to suzy 's birthday party ! Three o'clock sharp ! Tom smile and wave back obediently , now the henpeck boyfriend . tom I will be there , Becky ! but as soon as Becky 's out of sight , Tom turn gloomy . tom ocontinue } and the worst ( part -- even sid be bein ' nice to I . ( sigh ) tell the truth , if I have it to do over again , I would rather have my freedom instead of money and fame . Tom catch sight of himself in a window reflection . '' tom ( continue ) you would not catch huck Finn in a silly get - up like this ! Tom reach a decision . he take off he new jacket , rip off he collar and tie , pull off he boot and@ sock and thrust they on the kid . - 106 liberate , Tom be off and run toward the hill above hannibal . . . woe CUT to : ext . wood - day Tom be shouting happily as he run . - huck ! '' hey ,- h ext . huck' camp Tom burst into the clear and be startle to discover a well -dress boy poke through huck 's possession . _ the. -— boy* - back ~is-turned”t6 camera . tom ( indignant ) hey ! what be yon doin ' here ? ~ _ boy ( over he shoulder ) takin ' one last look . that okay with you ? the Boy turn and stand . it 's huck Finn , magically transformed . his hair be cut and comb . his face be scrubbed . his suit be brand new . he 's almost unrecognizable . ae - — — tom ~~ se {ca not believe it ) huck ? Tom approach he , gape . huck ( want Tom 's approval ) what do you think ? - '' tom I think one of we have lose he mind . huck the widow Douglas be gonna adopt I . 107 tom . . the widow ?_. well , she 's okay . but , huck ... huck what ? Tom indicate the camp . tom you be givin ' this up ? movin . — _ - to town ? — ~ huck why not ? tom the next thing you be gonna tell I be you want to go to school . huck I start tomorrow mornin' . Tom look like he 's be hit with a brick . tom ( weakly ) I gotta sit down . pom lower himself into huck 's " throne , " sadly shaking he head . tom ( continue ) ou huck , you '’re - the last person in the world I ever expect to get civilized . huck I do a lot of thing , Tom . but I be not never be civilized . I figger it will be kind of a adventure . tom oh , huck ... huck ... say it be not so . - huck ( leok around ) I gotta get goin ' . Promised the widow I would take she to the church social . 108 tom __ fin_disbelief ) — - '' '' " Church social ? huck nod . Tom snap . he go ballistic . tom ( continue ) that 's it ! that tear it ! you want to turn into a town boy , go ahead . I ain't_gonna stop - you ! but I be stayin 's right here . I be gonna live here in the open like a free man ! and I be not never goin ' back ! somebody 's gotta carry on ! Tom fold he arm across he chest , determine nor_to . — budge .— huck - regards '' himyhide a sly smile . huck suit yourself , Tom . I hope it — work out for you .... what with .- Winter comin ' and all . yep , look like it 's gonna be a cold one . huck turn to go , hesitates . huck ( continue ) well , if you change you mind , you know where to find I . tom _. - and you know - where to find I ! ~ huck walk off through the tree and down the hill toward hannibal . Tom watch he , stewing , shaking he head , seethe with righteous indignation . Tom turn to the audience , utterly confident : tom ( continue ) do not worry . he will be back . that 's when a cold breeze whistle through the tree . Tom shiver , think " Winter . " he frown at huck disappear down the hill . a — '' ~ 109 tom continue ) oe at ' look at he . he will not stand a chance down there . he will be lose like a babe in the wood with nobody to show he the trick . and nobody know ‘em as good as I . Tom start to go after huck , react to the audience . — 2 - 6m : - a ( continue ) do not gimme that look . I be makin 's a major sacrifice here . Tom run down the hill call : tom ~~ ( continue ) huck ! hey , huck ! wait up ! huck turn and wait as Tom run down the hill to join he . huck you comin ' along ? tom I guess I get to . somebody 's gotta look out for you ... civilization can be a dangerous place ... huck _ — - ~ — — onod ) —- _ wae : --. turtle gut . frog slime . '' tom ( smile ) Chicken and hen ... they laugh ... camera rise and frame the two boy , the town and the river beyond in one of huck 's empty picture frame . we hold on he shot as Tom and huck walk down the hill to hannibal , figure in a landscape , friend forever . fade out .