( name of Project ) by ( name of first writer ) ( base on , if any ) revision by ( name of subsequent writer , in order of work perform ) current revision by ( current writer , date ) name ( of company , if applicable ) address phone number ext - coaching inn - day 1 a coach - and -horse wait outside a ancient coach Inn . a chest - with '' Thomas Brown esquire '' etched in shiny new gold - be throw up onto the coach . tom brown 's schooldays CUT to : int - coaching inn - day 2 squire brown look at he watch , see that the moment of departure be approach . his son , tom , stand before he , nervous but excited , suddenly look very young to be send away . squire remember what you promise . write to you mother every week and say you prayer every night . tom yes , father . the squire look down at he son and he heart soften . he squat down with the pretence of fix Tom 's collar . squire ( Gentle ) if school be anything like what they be in my time you 's 1ll see a great many cruel and blackguard thing do . but never fear , Tom . learn from the strong , protect the weak , stand up to bully and blackguard of every kind , and you 'il turn out a man to be proud of . tom I will try , father . the coachman come into the Inn . coachman any more for rugby ? last call . squire that 's you , my boy . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 1a . continued : 2 the squire stand up , put he hand out to Tom . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 2 . continued : ( 2 ) 2 squire good luck , Tom . they shake hand . CUT to : ext - coaching inn - day 3 Tom be help up next to the coachman as the squire look on . the whip crack and the coach lurch forward , Tom look bravely ahead . as it pull away up the road he courage leave he for a moment and he turn to see the reassure figure of he father wave back at he . Tom wave back . then turn to face the front and the rest of he life . the coach rattles off into the countryside . the squire watch until the coach be out of sight . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's house / dine room - day 4 in a large , rambling house next to the school the Arnold family be make themselves at home in they new house . mary arnold - a attractive , intelligent woman in she thirty - overseas some workmen as they put up painting on the empty wall . the Arnold child unpack book or play , all age under ten , include the young matthew Arnold . thomas arnold come into the room . he be in he thirty , try to look serious when in fact he 's feel extremely nervous . arnold * where shall I put thucydide ? Mary see that Arnold be distract . mary ( kind ) why do not I make we some tea ? settle you nerve . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 3 . continued : 4 arnold ( lying ) I be not nervous . not nervous at all . Mary fuss over he collar , adjust he gown , whisper in he ear . mary you will be the great headmaster this school have ever see . she kiss he . Arnold smile but he nerve be still obvious . mary why do not you go and inspect you new empire ? he look out of he window at the boy milling below . CUT to : ext - rugby / outskirt - day 5 the coach rattles towards rugby . Tom be excited now , strain forward to catch he first glimpse of the town . suddenly , three urchin boy break cover and start pelting the coach with rotten fruit and vegetable and egg . Tom be astonished , just let the egg and fruit splatter against he new suit . CUT to : ext - rugby school / quad / collonade - day 6 * Thomas Arnold walk across the quad , a impose man stride * through he new World . * the hustle and bustle of arrive boy be still for a moment * as the headmaster move through they . * CUT to : ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 4 . continued : 6 ext - rugby school - day 8 rugby School loom imposingly . there be a buzz of energy as boy meet each other again at the start of term . the coach rattles away , leave a nervous Tom Brown and he luggage alone in he new surroundings . a bell sound somewhere in the great school and dozen of boy of all age and shape start push into the school , fight and play and shouting . it be a intimidating , lonely moment for Tom . east I say , you fellow , be you name Brown ? Tom turn to look at East , who survey the dishevel new boy with something approach contempt . tom yes , it be . east my name 's East . I have get some ancient aunt in you part of the country and she say I be to look after you . tom thank you . east do not thank I , it 'il be worth half a sovereign at least come Christmas . East look at Tom 's egg-spatter clothes . east good God , man , what happen to you ? tom some boy attack the coach just outside of town . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 5 . continued : 8 east bloody lout . do you see they off ? tom no. East just look at Tom with weary resignation . east come on , I 'il show you around . with that East swagger off towards the school gate , leave Tom to pick up all of he luggage himself and hurry after he new friend . east let I give you a bit of advice , Brown . a great deal depend on how a fellow cut up at first . if he be straightforward and hold he head up and show no fear - suddenly East drag the startle Tom out of sight . they watch as a magnificent peacock of a young man of seventeen - waistcoat a riot of silk and colour ; hair sweep back in the fashion ; impeccable , dandy suit ; silver - top cane - swagger by with a sneer on he face . flashman . small boy give he a wide , watchful birth , like a shark in a lagoon . tom who be that ? east flashman . tom why be you afraid of he ? east you 'il find out , soon enough . CUT to : ext - rugby school / stable - day 9 Arnold be take a walk through some of the murkier area of he new empire . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 5a . continued : 9 he be very surprised to find some race horse in stable behind the school and a GROOM feed they . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 6. continued : ( 2 ) 9 arnold whose horse be this ? GROOM ( suspicious ) who want to know ? arnold the headmaster of rugby School want to know . the Groom hurriedly remove he cap . GROOM some of the boy , sir , do keep ‘em for the steeplechase over at dunchurch . arnold ( astonish ) they gamble on they ? GROOM oh Lord yes , sir . Love they gambling , the boy do . the sound of dog bark alert Arnold to a entire pack of beagle dog in a enclose barn . we do not see the dog . GROOM and they hunt . CUT to : 10 ext - rugby school - ext chapel - day 10 East continue he tour of rugby School . east this be the place for fight . that ... East indicate a squat tower . east .-. be the cane tower where the headmaster dish out he punishment . you will not want to be see the inside of that place . tom what 's he like ? ( continued ) 10 11 12 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 7 . continued : 10 east the headmaster ? have not see he yet , he 's as green as you . they say he be a great tyrant , though . suddenly Arnold loom before they . * Tom just stare at he dark , brood presence before East grab Tom by the collar and drag he away . CUT to : int - rugby school / corridor / study - day 11 Arnold walk down a corridor . boy fly in all direction at he approach . there be no gas or electric light in the rugby School of this * day so it 's interior by day will be dark and dusty , and by * night black , illuminate only by candle and fire . * he pull chunks of damp plaster from the unlove wall . one of the study door be ajar and Arnold push it open , just as a boy dive out of the open window . Arnold enter the study , pick up a batter text book , glance at it . with a severe frown he notice a pipe still smoking on the window - sill . he then notice a curious contraption of pipe drip a clear liquid into a glass . Arnold take a little of the alcohol from the still and drink it , he face contort with disgust at the taste . he be about to leave the room when he see something nestle amongst the break fishing rod and umbrella and cricket bat . a gun ! Arnold gingerly pick up the gun , can not believe it . CUT to : int - rugby school / matron 's sickroom room - day 12 it be dark inside the school despite the fact that it be daytime , candle flicker in the gloom . ( continued ) 12 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 7a . continued : 12 East lead Tom into a large room full of mattress and trunk and wash . the matron - a woman in she fifty - be fold sheet with she pretty daughter , sally , about 18 year old . east matron . this here be Tom Brown , the new boy , I be show he around . ( besotted ) hello , Sally . ( continued ) 12 13 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 8. continued : ( 2 ) 12 sally hello , Harry . matron ( to Tom ) leave you bag here , Brown , I will sort you clothes out later . ( to East ) he 's sleep in you dorm , East , so take he bedding up and get he out of that dirty clothes . East fill he arm with bedding then stuff it into Tom 's arm . bill the porter - and the matron 's husband - come in . east hello , Bill . this be Tom Brown . bill how do you do , sir ? tom very well , thank you , Bill . east be you go to watch the match , Bill ? bill would not miss it , Mr East . east come on , Brown . ( smitten ) Goodbye , Sally . East hurry on out . Tom bow to the matron , hurry after he new friend with he arm full of bedding . matron poor little mite . CUT to : int - rugby school / dormitory - day 13 East sit on he bed and watch Tom attempt to make he bed . he 's never do it before and it do not come easy . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 8a . 13 continued : 13 they be in a large , dark room full of little bed . ( continued ) 13 14 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 9. continued : ( 2 ) Tom be now wear some scruffy clothes of East 's . east there have be two break collar - bone this year , one break wrist and a dozen fellow lame . last year a fellow have he back break . you 'il just stand behind the goal and watch this first time . 13 the door open and a young man of 18 , huband , come in . he be a prefect , the high of the high in this world of boy . East get up respectfully . huband East . run along and get I some hot water , I need to shave . east but the match be about to start , huband . huband then you have best be quick about it , you impudent scud . huband notice Tom . huband who be you , fellow and why be you look at I like a dead fish ? tom Brown , sir . east the new boy . huband take he with you , East , and show he the rope . be quick ! CUT to : int - rugby school / scullery - day 14 down in the dungeon of the school be the steaming scullery , sheet hang up everywhere . East and Tom look on as boil water be pour into they basin by a scullery worker . ( continued ) 14 15 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 10 . continued : 14 east we fag for the Sixth and no - one else . if some wretch fellow from the fifth ask you to fag for he just say no and run like hell . Tom take the basin of steaming water . east do not spill any or there 's 1l be hell to pay . Tom carefully carry the brim basin . east hurry up or we will be late for the match . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's house / dine room - day 15 Arnold be pace the floor , agitate , as Mary continue to unpack . arnold eleven year old boy with gun ! they race horse , they gamble , they distil they own liquor . despite everything , Mary be almost amused . mary you know there be work to be do . Arnold look out on the quad below . he watch as East stride across the quad , chat away , Tom staggering behind he , try desperately not to spill any water . mary I think you should invite some of the older boy up for tea . arnold here ? to the house ? mary why not ? I have like to meet they . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 10a . 15 continued : 15 arnold they might shoot you . ( continued ) 15 16 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 11 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 mary I be sure they be not half as bad as you be make they out to be . Tom look up at the dark window , see the face of Doctor Arnold there , the serious eye look down at he . Arnold look down at Tom 's up - turn face . for a moment boy and man hold each other in mutually curious eye . arnold we shall see . CUT to : int - rugby school / corridor - day 16 Tom carry he precious cargo down a dark corridor . east one fellow have he cheekbone shattered and he eye pop out like the inside of a egg . another chap - East stop talk . he have see the figure of flashman smoking in the corridor ahead of they . flashman East , you little lout . come here with my hot water . east it 's not for you , flashman , it 's for huband . flashman stroll down the corridor towards East and Tom , look Tom over with a sneer , trail he magnificent silver - top cane down the wall . flashman who be this despicable little fellow ? tom Brown , sir . east do not call he '' sir '' , he 's in the fifth . ( continued ) 16 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 12 . continued : 16 flashman ( to Tom ) go and put the basin in my study , Brown . Tom look at East , unsure . east the water 's for huband , flashman , not you . he say - with a sudden flash of he walk stick he smack the silver - head against East 's startle forehead , make he hold he head in pain . flashman ( to Tom ) put it in my study , Brown , or you will get more of the same . other fifth former have come out of they study now , some of they wear the same dandy clothes as flashman , all of they ready for some entertainment . fothergill and speedicot be among they , they love a bit of bully . speedicot bit of sport , flashy ? flashman ( to Tom ) in my study . tom ( quiet ) the water 's not for you . flashman what do you say , fag ? I do not quite hear you . tom the water be not for you . flashman look at he friend , smile . flashman ( to Tom ) you dare to disobey I , you execrable little turd ? ( continued ) 16 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 continued : ( 2 ) east leave he alone , flashman . flashman hold up he cane and East cower back . 12a . 16 ( continued ) 16 17 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 13 . continued : ( 3 ) 16 flashman turn he attention back to Tom . flashman I have just make a rather splendid decision , Brown . I have decide I be go to make you time here a complete and utter misery . with that flashman take the basin of steaming water and pour it over the startle Tom 's head . the older boy laugh and jeer as Tom just stand there , humiliate , water run from he nose and saturate he clothes . end of part one part two ext - rugby school / playing field - day 17 East be in he white trousers and white shirt with a black skull and cross-bone motif on the chest , hurry over to the field with Tom behind he . there be fifty or sixty player on each side and hundred of non- play schoolboy behind each set of post . a older boy , powerfully - build , be shaking hand with the older player on both side . this be brooke . East indicate the mass rank of boy behind the School House post . east it 's School House against the rest of School . tom be I School House ? east of course you be . just stay behind the goal - line with the small boy and keep out of trouble . if the ball go behind the line you have to touch it down before one of the other side do . Tom be intrigue by the figure of brooke and the obvious status he have . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 13a . 17 continued : 17 tom who be that ? ( continued ) 17 18 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 east ( exasperate ) who be that ? that be Old brooke , the great Captain of School House there have ever be . he 's come back to hand over to frobisher before he go up to Oxford . brooke see flashman and he friend speedicot and fothergill arrive on the touchline in they flash suit and cane . brooke flashman , why be not you play ? flashman turned my ankle , brookey . most beastly luck . brooke be not sure he believe he but time be press . brooke come on , School House ! play up ! a buzz of expectation go around the boy as the two set of player face each other . East take a deep breath , go to join the game . east ( to Tom ) stay there . Tom nod , too excited for word . CUT to : int - rugby school / staff room - day 18 Arnold be address a assembly of the longest - serve master of rugby School , the most prominent and confident be lampard , a whiskered , severe , cynical - look man in he sixty . arnold the qualification which I deem essential to the due performance of a master 's time here may be express as the combine spirit of a Christian and of a gentleman . a smirk from lampard . ( continued ) 18 19 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 15 . continued : 18 arnold to that end I intend to make some change to the school which I trust will have the support of you , the longest - serve master here at rugby . lampard what sort of change , headmaster ? arnold as I understand it when the gate be lock for the night there be not a single master in the school . leave boy to they own device like that can only lead to bully and wrong - do - as have often be the case , I believe . the Masters be agitate by this . lampard we do not see it as part of we teach duty to mollycoddle boy , headmaster . we have we own - arnold a lot of this boy be a long way from home for the first time and we should be like parent to they . the Masters look at each other , deeply unimpress . CUT to : ext - rugby school / playing field - day 19 brooke lead a ferocious rush on the school line . the sport be vicious , brutal , organised violence , with smaller boy pitte against bigger , older boy , all play out to the deafen shout of the boy behind each set of post . Tom be half enthralled , half appal at the level of violence . brooke dip a shoulder and a boy 's head bounce off it as he plough over the line . the boy around Tom cheer , throw they hat in the air . the would - be tackler be out cold and several boy hurry on to the field to carry he limp body away . ( continued ) 19 20 continued : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 16 . 19 tadpole off to matron with he , damned flunky ! the ball be throw out to brooke who convert he own try to shout of joy from the School House boy . CUT to : int - rugby school / staff room - day 20 Arnold listen patiently to Smith . silence . smith headmaster , the tradition of rugby School have always be that the boy discipline themselves out of teach hour . it ready they for the responsibility of life , of Empire . arnold the boy will have considerable responsibility , you need not fear that , Mr Smith . but they will learn they in a atmosphere of pastoral care and Christian love , not in the survival of the biggest or the cruelest . smith the rugby way - arnold ( cheery ) the rugby way will have to change , Mr Smith . birch will give way to discourse . lampard have you actually ever meet a schoolboy , headmaster ? they be the riotous native and we be the occupy force . they understand this perfectly . arnold Little be teach through dispute , sir , but everything through sympathy and love . any question ? ( continued ) 20 21 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 17 . continued : 20 arnold good . let the adventure begin . CUT to : ext - rugby school / playing field - day 21 now the School House line be under attack , despite brooke 's defensive power and organise . the ball spill out of a giant , violent scrimmage and be hack on by several of the large , bloody School player . it bobble towards East . there be worried shout from the boy around East . but East be make of stern stuff and throw himself on the ball . soon twenty or thirty boy from each side throw themselves on pop of East and the ball in a flurry of muscle and blood and the ball squirt out of the scrimmage again and be hack towards the School House goal - line again . there be no - one between the ball and the line . Tom look around but none of the scared boy around he be go to do anything . he sprint forward and throw himself onto the bounce ball and be hack and bury in turn , submerge beneath a pile of limb . brooke arrive , be concerned for tom. brooke get up here , there 's a little fellow beneath you . the player get up one - by-one until Tom be reveal , muddy and daze . brooke who be he ? east Brown . he 's new . brooke any bone break , Brown ? ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 17a . 21 continued : 21 Tom manage to shake he head . ( continued ) 21 22 23 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 brooke you be a plucky youngster , I ’1ll give you that . the school clock sound the hour and the School House have win . brooke no side ! much cheer from the victorious School House boy . Tom be help to he foot by East , he face beam with pleasure . ext - rugby school / MAIN gate - night 22 lampard , Smith and several other Masters leave the school for the night by the main entrance . Bill lock the heavy iron gate after they like a jailer . smith good night , Bill . bill night , sir . lampard if any of the little chap need pastoral care ... you have not see I . laughter from the other Masters as they walk away with they back to the school , job do until morning . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - night 23 a huge , dark , wood - panell room , stuff to the gunnel with School House boy of all shape and size and age . a fire roar in the great grate , candle alone illuminate the face of the boy . they have eat and they plate and cutlery be still on the table . even the smallest boy have a glass of beer and several of they smoke pipe . Tom sit with East , tadpole , Green and the young boy . ( continued ) 23 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 19 . continued : 23 flashman sit with speedicot , fothergill and the fifth and at the head of the table be brooke with huband , frobisher , and other member of the Sixth . brooke be on he foot , speak to the House . brooke as you all know this will be my last night in dear old School House . there be shout of '' shame ! '' and '' no ! '' . brooke and I believe you have to indulge I in a few word . cheer and bang of beer mug . brooke it have come to my notice that bully be on the increase in School House and it pain I to leave at such a time . many of the smaller boy glance over at flashman with dark look but he just sit back and smile . brooke bully be for coward and must be stop . you boy who be now the * victim , you have it in you power to * stop it . and by that I do not mean run to master or prefect with you finger in you eye . * cheer and applause . this word be listen to intently by Tom . brooke promise yourself you will not be a bully when you be in the fifth or Sixth and it will stop . flashman bang he beer mug , start a round of '' here , here ! '' . brooke anyway , enough . I only go on about it so because I love the place . it only remain for I to wish my successor as Captain of School House all the fortune in the World . ( continued ) 23 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 23 a smile from frobisher , the anoint prefect . he be a gentle , kind young man but do not have brooke 's formidable presence . brooke I know that you will all give he you every support . frobisher . all the boy raise they glass to frobisher , who nod back at they . brooke before I sit down I give you one last toast . it be a toast that should bind we together , now and always , to that who have come before we and that that be yet to come . it be the dear old School House , the best house of the best school in England ! great roar from the boy and much drink of beer . they start chant brooke 's name as brooke shake hand with frobisher and the other member of the Sixth . flashman look sarcastically at speedicot . flashman what a very pretty speech . speedicot very pretty . Tom be overwhelm by it all but chant brooke 's name with the rest of they . brooke gesture for quiet and eventually the boy settle . brooke time for sing ! more cheer . East nudge Tom . east you be up , Brown . tom what ? tadpole the new boy always have to sing a song on he first night . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 20a . 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 Tom look horrify . ( continued ) 23 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 continued : ( 4 ) brooke Mr Brown , I believe , be go to sing to we . all eye alight on the terrify new boy . east ( hiss ) stand up . Tom stand slowly up . brooke up on the table with you , young fellow . Tom step up onto the table , look nervously around the assemble face stare up at he . flashman look at Brown with interest , like a amused cat watch a mouse . east whatever you do , do not falter . one of the boy put a huge mug of water at Tom 's foot as another pour salt into it . east ( explain ) Salt water . 21 . 23 then two light candle be put into each of he hand , hot wax splash painfully onto he skin . brooke begin ! Tom falteringly begin . tom ( sing ) some talk of Alexander , and some of hercules , of hector and lysander , and such great name as this . but of all the world 's great heroes - a tomato hit Tom to loud cheer . CUT to : * 24 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 21a . int - rugby school / arnold 's house / dine room - night 24 the Arnold family be eat a formal , quiet meal in they new dining room . the cheer of the boy in School House be clearly audible . some of Arnold 's child strain to look out of the window . ( continued ) 24 25 26 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 22 . continued : 24 a cough from they father and they return to they meal immediately . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - night 25 Tom be still sing , a torrent of abuse and rotten food and scrap hurl at he . it 's bedlam but Tom bravely struggle on . his hand be cover in drying wax from the candle . tom ( sing ) then let we fill a bumper , and drink a health to that who carry cap and pouch , and wear the loup clothes . flashman take out a coin from he pocket , throw it at Tom . it glance off the boy forehead , make he smart with pain . speedicot and fothergill howl with laughter . brooke see this from the top table and it sadden he and worry he . East be start to admire he new friend . east go on , Tom ! you can do it ! tom ( sing ) May they and they commander live happy all they year . with a tow-row - row -row -row -row -row for the british grenadier ! Tom have finish to loud cheer and much back -patting . CUT to : int - rugby school / dormitory - night 26 the smaller boy be fight , yawn , get into bed . huband scowl at they , tired and drunk and grumpy . huband hurry up , you revolting scud , I be tired . ( continued ) 26 continued : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 23 . 26 Tom pull on he nightshirt . to East 's amazement Tom then sink to he knee by he bed in a attitude of prayer . tom dear Lord . please bless mother and father . bless - East see already that Tom 's action have be notice by other boy . east what on earth do you think you be do ? tom pray . tadpole ( delighted ) Brown 's talk to God ! this amuse the boy greatly and they throw shoe and dirty clothes at Tom , who look completely puzzle . huband what 's go on ? GREEN Brown 's a milksop and be praying for he mummy . huband for God 's sake , Brown , you be not a girl , be you ? laughter from the boy . tom no , sir . huband get to bed and get to sleep . Tom slip into he tiny bed , hurt by the ridicule . tadpole East 's new chum be a mummy 's boy ! tom ( quietly , to East ) be not we allow to pray here ? ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 23a . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 east go to sleep . ( continued ) 26 27 28 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 24 . continued : ( 3 ) 26 huband light out . the last candle be blow out . Tom lie back , puzzle and exhaust and exhilated all at the same time . CUT to : ext - rugby school - night 27 the dark wall of rugby School be silhouett against the night sky . all be still . the tree in the grounds sigh and rustle in the night breeze . CUT to : int - rugby school / dormitory - night 28 the boy sleep and snore and wheeze . a long beat . then the door burst open and flashman appear , drunk and in need of fun . speedicot , fothergill and other member of flashman 's gang be also there . GREEN flashman ! there be momentary chaos as small boy dive under bed in a display of real fear . Tom blink in the half - light , do not know what be go on . huband for God 's sake , flashman . flashman just keep the tradition go , huband . New boy in the house and all that . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 24a . 28 continued : 28 east leave he alone , flashman , he 's have enough today . ( continued ) 28 28a . 29 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 28 flashman what do you think , boy , shall we leave he ? east ( appeal ) tell he , huband . the young boy look at huband for strength but he be intimidate by flashman and the other . huband just hurry up with it , then , and do not hurt he too much . speedicot and the other grab Tom by he ankle and wrist and yank he out of bed . Tom kick and punch out as best he like . flashman a fighter ! ( quiet , to Tom ) I like it when they fight . flashman indicate the door and speedicot and the other start * to haul the struggle Tom out of the dormitory . * East be all for follow they but flashman just point he cane at he . flashman smile and close the door after he as he slip out into the dark corridor . tadpole ( dry ) he should have pray louder . CUT to : * int . rugby school / corridor - night 28a . * flashman and the bully carry Tom , still struggle down the * corridor . * CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - night 29 there be still a fire glow in the hearth , throw a dark orange light around the room . ( continued ) 29 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 25a . continued : 29 flashman into the blanket with he . a large blanket be produce and stretch out and Tom be throw onto it . he be on he back stare up at the ceiling . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 26 . 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 flashman one . two . Three ! they throw Tom high into the air , he arm flail . he land back in the blanket . flashman again ! Tom be send high up into the air again , he try to fight but he head bang against the ceiling to cheer from the fifth . flashman one for luck . Tom start to fight he way off of the blanket , get roughly push back . east do not fight it , Tom . Lay still ! they all turn to see East stand in the doorway , concerned for he friend . flashman Mr East . I do believe I tell you stay in you dorm . east he 's hit the ceiling , flashman , now let he alone . flashman survey East with amusement . flashman let 's toss the two of ‘em together . speedicot and other manhandle East into the blanket with tom. fothergill ( concerned ) bit dangerous , flashy . flashman ( to fothergill ) and you point be ? fothergill shrug , leave the room . east ( to Tom ) lie still . ( continued ) 29 30 31 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 27 . continued : ( 3 ) 29 flashman one . two . Three ! the blanket be tightened and the two boy fly into the air , bang and tangling against each other . CUT to : ext - rugby school / playing field - night 30 Arnold be take the air in the still of the night , Spot the dog run ahead . a noise alert Arnold to the kerfuffle in the School House . the fire in the room make monstrous shadow of what be happen to Tom and East . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house 31 flashman again ! the boy be throw hard into the air and Tom 's face smashes against the ceiling . Tom and East fall back down and this time the blanket miss Tom , who hit he back against the hard wooden floor . speedicot I think he 's have enough , flashy . flashman nonsense . you would not want we to think you be a little girly , now , would you Brown ? flashman take Tom 's hair and shake he head for he . flashman there you see ! suddenly the door burst open and fothergill be stand there , a look of terror on he face . fothergill the Doctor ! the boy look very scared . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 27a . 31 continued : 31 flashman not a word , Brown . ( continued ) 31 32 33 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 flashman and speedicot and the other pour out of the door to make good they escape . Tom lie stunne and confuse on the floor as East try to lift he up . east hurry , Tom ! but Tom be daze , do not know where he be . East glance at the door , know they be about to be catch . east say nothing ! East hate to do it but he escape whilst he have time . a beat . Tom shake he head , feel the blood trickle from he nose . he see the shoe first . Black , shiny , impeccable . then he look up the body to the stern eye of Doctor Arnold of rugby stare down at he . end of part two part three ext - rugby school - night 32 the school be quiet in the still of the night . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's study - night 33 Tom sit uncomfortably as Arnold clean the dry blood from he face . arnold what 's you name ? tom Brown , sir . Thomas Brown . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 28a. 33 continued : 33 arnold who be the perpetrator of this little act of horse - play , Brown ? ( continued ) 33 34 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 tom I do not know , sir . arnold you do not know or you will not tell I ? Tom say nothing . the door open and a sleepy Mary come into the room . mary what 's happen ? arnold go back to bed , dear . mary be he hurt ? Mary fuss over to Tom , look at he face . arnold it 's nothing , just a tumble . Tom hate all this attention . tom please , sir , may I go back to my dorm ? Arnold just look at he , feel some sympathy . arnold go on . Tom hurry towards the door , desperate to get away . tom good night , sir . ma’am . and with that Tom be go with a crash of the door . CUT to : int - rugby school / chapel - day 34 the great chapel be crowded with all the boy in the school . the atmosphere be tight with interest and expectation . Arnold be at he lectern , the Masters behind he . frobisher and the Sixth line the wall . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 29a . 34 continued : 34 Tom be sit between East and tadpole . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 30 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 flashman buff he nail . arnold it be my most sincere desire to make this school a place of Christian education . what do I mean by this ? there be no place or time from which religion be shut out , there be no place or time where we cannot be serve God by serve we fellow - creature . flashman yawn theatrically and speedicot , fothergill and some of the other snicker . arnold roughness , coarseness , want of feel , unkindness , cruelty , bully , this quality bear no resemblance to the inhabitant of the Kingdom of God and will not be tolerate in this school . Tom watch Arnold at work , oddly fascinate . arnold the false tongue ; the violent hand ; the proud or covetous think ; the indolent temper ; the unkind or unjust or selfish action . none of this thing will be tolerate . Arnold let he word echo around the chapel . arnold I will believe each and every boy 's word as I would believe a man' . a shake of the head from lampard , who be hat this . arnold I will believe what you tell I . but I tell you now , gentleman , that if you think this trust on my part be a license for lie and deception you will be deeply disappointed . I hope we understand each other . the boy stop fidget , hear the threat in Arnold 's voice . Arnold seem to look directly at Tom now , who squirm on he bench . ( continued ) 34 35 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 31 . continued : ( 3 ) 34 arnold remember this : you great bond be to God , not to you companion . it be no disgrace for the bully to come forward and point a finger at the bully . in fact it be he duty , to the school , to I and to God . it be the only way we will rid this place of the vicious , cowardly practice of systematic bully . some of the young boy look back at flashman . arnold to this end I have initiate some initial reform . there will be no more horse keep at the school . the beagle pack will be disband forthwith . the older boy look appal at this development . arnold there will be no firearm hold by any boy . there will be no gambling . there will be no production or imbibe of alcohol of any kind . the middle boy look at each other now , equally appal . lampard and some of the other Masters barely bother to hide they contempt . arnold this will be a great school , a Christian School for Christian gentleman , a place of light and learn and goodness . the boy look at each other , rebellion in they mind . arnold let we pray . CUT to : ext - countryside - day 35 two fit young schoolboy runners scatter paper from bag buckle on to they body . CUT to : 36 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 32 . ext - rugby school - day 36 Tom , East and tadpole - in they run kit - hurry through the arch of the school towards a group of fifty or so assemble schoolboy runner of older boy . Tom look excited , keen , East and tadpole a bit less so . tadpole nine mile ! over dash hard ground . tom stop whining , tadpole . east think of the bread and cheese and punch if we make it . tadpole we will not make it . the boy reach the gaggle of runner who be listen to frobisher frobisher frobisher as he outline the race . frobisher the hare have be give a six minute start . any fellow that come in within fifteen minute of they will dine at the '' hop pole '' tonight . see Tom , East and tadpole arrive . frobisher be not you three a bit young ? tadpole yes . tom we can do it . look at he watch . wait . frobisher we be off ! the runner - Tom , East and tadpole include - start sprinting off in the direction of the open countryside . CUT to : 37 38 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 33 . ext - countryside / field - day 37 frobisher and the older , stronger boy be already sprinting ahead . the pack struggle behind they . the trail go cold for a moment as frobisher and the other leader look for the scattered paper . boy there ! the Boy point to where the hare be head up a ploughed , dark field towards the tree-line . frobisher forward ! again the stronger runner sprint ahead . Tom have to cajole East and tadpole to keep up . tom come on ! a rumble of thunder . tadpole slip , start feel he ankle . Tom look ahead , see the other boy almost out of sight now . CUT to : ext - countryside / barn - day 38 Tom , tadpole and East run up to a ancient , dilapidate barn . East be about to step into the barn when he step back , eye wide with excitement . tom what be it ? East put he finger over he lip for silence . he hurry around the back of the barn as Tom and tadpole follow he , puzzle . tadpole I be not in the mood for game , East . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 33A . 38 continued : 38 East glare at tadpole , insist on silence . ( continued ) 38 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 East start to climb the ladder , follow by a intrigue Tom and a grumpy tadpole . there be a hole in the roof of the barn and the three boy peek down through it . down below be the familiar figure of flashman . he be talk to Sally , who look very nervous , very distress . flashman come on , Sally , do not be a spoilsport . flashman walk towards she as Sally back off . sally can we go home , please , sir ? flashman just one little kiss ? sally maybe after we be engage . flashman do not I buy you a pretty necklace ? sally yes . flashman should not a chap get a little reward for a pretty necklace ? flashman use he silver - top cane to part Sally 's blouse . sally ( very upset ) please do not . suddenly the rotten roof give way and poor tadpole crash through it , he fall break by a pile of hay . flashman look around , astonished at this interruption . Sally see that he attention have be divert and make a run for it , run out of the barn . flashman turn to deal with tadpole , a furious sneer on he face . tadpole ( weak ) hello , flashman . ( continued ) 38 39 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 35 . continued : ( 3 ) 38 flashman smashes the tip of he cane into the palm of he hand and advance on tadpole . tadpole please , flashy . Tom and East watch , helpless , as flashman walk towards the terrify tadpole . tom flashman ! up here ! flashman look up , startle to see East and Tom look down at he . tadpole turn and run out of the back of the barn . flashman ( to Tom ) you will keep , Brown . with that flashman walk quickly through the barn to follow tadpole . East and top crane they neck to see tadpole legging it in the direction of the river , with flashman hurry after he , a man possess . CUT to : ext - countryside / river - day 39 tadpole be exhaust , have come to a halt on the bank of the wide , swift-runn river . he turn to see flashman walk slowly towards he . tadpole I do not see anything . honest , I do not . flashman I be go to kill you , you dirty little scud , and feed you to the fish . tadpole please , flashy . I will fag for you all year . I will - flashman advance towards he , tapping he can in the palm of he hand . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 35a. 39 continued : 39 tadpole start to edge back along a branch that reach out over the river . ( continued ) 39 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 36 . continued : ( 2 ) 39 East and Tom be run across the field towards they . tadpole please do not hurt I , flashman . tadpole step back in fear . the branch be rotten , give way under he weight , and tadpole plunge into the current . east tadpole ! tadpole be thrashing about in the river , very frighten . east he can not swim . flashman look nervous now . flashman he should not creep up on a chap . east he 's go under ! Tom see tadpole 's head disappear under the surface of the water . without hesitation Tom run and jump into the water , swim across the current towards tadpole 's flail hand . East and flashman watch as Tom reach tadpole . but tadpole be so terrify that he be pull Tom under too . East start sprinting along the river bank , try to get ahead of he friend . flashman look around , make sure no - one else have see any of this , and then hurriedly slope away from the scene . East run ahead of the struggle boy , see a weir . east Tom ! East wave frantically to Tom , indicate the weir . the noise of the crash weir be terrible . Tom start to kick he leg hard , drag tadpole across the current to where East wait , finger extend . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 36a. 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 Tom 's finger find East 's and the three boy drag themselves up onto the bank , gasp for air . CUT to : 40 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 37 . int - rugby school / arnold 's study - night 40 the corridor be dark , lead to a slither of light around Arnold 's study door . Tom , East and tadpole huddle nervously together , cold , tired and wet . they speak in whisper , the fear in they voice obvious . east what will we tell he ? tom the truth . that 's what he want to hear , remember . Tom lead they up to the door and knock on it . arnold come ! Tom push the door open and there be Doctor Arnold , in he shirtsleeve , sit on the floor make a giant sail - boat with he youngest child . Mary be in she chair make a tapestry . Spot the dog bark . Tom , East and tadpole be surprised by this glimpse of the Doctor 's happy domestic life . arnold well , well , what a pretty sight . ( to Mary ) a moment , my dear . Mary round the curious child up and leave the room . arnold we meet again , Mr Brown . perhaps you have care to explain why you be so late ? tom yes , sir . we be out on the hare-and - hound run and we lose we way and the harder we try to find it the more lose we become . arnold be not you a little young to be on such a run ? ( continued ) 40 4l Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 38 . continued : 40 tadpole glare at Tom . tadpole yes , sir . east we want to show the older boy what we could do , sir . arnold look at the state of you . have you eat ? tadpole no , sir . arnold then get to you dorm and get clean clothes on and tell matron I say you be to have some tea . the three boy be amaze at the Doctor 's leniency . the Doctor wave they out of he study . hardly believe they luck , the boy hurry towards the door . arnold Brown . Tom turn at the sound of he name be call . tom yes , sir . arnold do not let I see you again for a while , there 's a good fellow . both boy and man know exactly what he mean . tom no , sir . CUT to : int - rugby school / flashman 's study - night 4l flashman 's study feel more like a gentleman 's club as he sit in a silk robe , sip a fine claret and flipping through some nineteenth century porn . ( continued ) 4l Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 38a . continued : 41 he be wear a ornate set of knuckleduster , absently punch * they into he other palm as he talk . speedicot be drying some of flashman 's clothes by the fire . ( continued ) 4l Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 41 flashman I nearly have she pendulous breast tremble in the fresh air when that little tadpole bastard ruin everything . speedicot East put he up to it , I 'il be bound . flashman actually , I think it be that Brown fellow . he need to be take down a peg or two . there be a knock at the door . flashman go away ! speedicot who be it ? arnold ( out of vision ) the Doctor . speedicot look horrify . speedicot one moment , sir . speedicot run around the study hide porn , alcohol , tobacco etc as flashman look on with a amused smile . speedicot open the door to Doctor Arnold . speedicot sorry , sir . deep in we book , do not you know . I be just say to flashman - arnold leave we , speedicot . speedicot ( delighted ) yes , sir ! speedicot hurry off down the corridor as Arnold close the study door behind he . arnold stand up when I come into the room . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 39a . 41 continued : ( 3 ) 41 flashman stand up wearily . ( continued ) 4l Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 40 . continued : ( 4 ) 41 arnold where be you this afternoon ? flashman this afternoon , sir ? I believe I go for a walk . arnold by the river , I understand . flashman 's eye narrow at this . flashman I would be very alarmed , sir , if I think you be take the word of three impudent young fellow against - arnold what fellow ? what be you talk about ? flashman be throw for a moment . arnold a very serious allegation have be make against you by a young lady . flashman a young lady , sir ? arnold Sally hopkins . flashman oh , the matron 's daughter . one could quibble with you definition of a '' lady '' . arnold she say you try to seduce she . to force yourself on she . flashman the truth be , sir , that when one 's father have a large fortune it tend to drive a woman of a certain sort to distraction . Arnold look hard at flashman . arnold you be deny the allegation ? ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 40a . 41 continued : ( 5 ) 41 flashman of course I be , sir . ( continued ) 4l 42 continued : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 41 . ( 6 ) Al arnold you give I you word ? flashman absolutely . Arnold realise that there be nowhere for this conversation to go . a beat as arnold I hear thing , Mr flashman . flashman ( cheeky ) like voice , sir ? arnold I will rip the bad apple out of this school , I do not care who they be . flashman good for you , sir . you will certainly have my full support . the two man look at each other . arnold good evening . flashman good night , sir . Arnold turn and leave a grin flashman on he own in he study . he recover he glass of wine , take a deep draught of it . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's study - day 42 Arnold be have a tense conversation with Smith and lampard . smith he 's a vain , vicious , nasty piece of work , headmaster , with a list of indiscretion and crime as long as you arm . arnold then what be he still do here ? ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 42. 42 continued : 42 lampard you know who he father be , of course ? arnold I understand he 's a generous benefactor of the school . lampard without he money this place would have collapse year ago . there have be bully before he , there will be bully after he - arnold ( angry ) not in my school there will not . Smith look at Arnold , be slowly warming to he . smith it would indeed send out a serious message about bully if flashman be send down . lampard look to the heavens . lampard it 's not my place to offer advice , headmaster ... arnold go on , Mr lampard . lampard do not even think of expel flashman . if you force the trustees to choose between you and he father 's resource ... lampard do not have to finish the sentence . CUT to : 43 ext - rugby school - night 43 a cloud pass over the large yellow moon above rugby School . CUT to : 44 45 46 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 43. int - rugby school / tom 's study - night 44 unlike flashman 's study , Tom and East 's be a chaos of book and break cricket bat ; picture of victorian boxer ; candle and wax ; cup ; bottle etc East and Tom pretend to read but they mind be elsewhere , listen for the call that will surely come . it do : flashman ( out of vision ) faaaaag ! East and Tom look at each other , know this be the moment . CUT to : int - rugby school / flashman 's study - night 45 flashman be at he door , lean out into the corridor . flashman faaaaaag ! still nothing . flashman East ! Brown ! come here , you curse shirker ! CUT to : int - rugby school / tom 's study - night 46 flashman ( out of vision ) faaaaaag ! Tom and East leap up and start barricade themselves in , lock the door , slide the bolt over . they hear flashman 's voice right outside the door . flashman open the door , little piggy . Tom and East look at each other , scared but determine . then there be a thump , thump as shoulder charge the old oak door . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 43a. 46 continued : 46 a beat and muffle voice . ( continued ) 46 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 46 then one of the panel splinter as a axe burst through . East and Tom back away . again and again the axe shatter through the old wood until one of the panel be rip asunder . flashman 's face appear in the hole , drunk and craze . flashman it 's flashy . Tom and East take they sofa and ram it against the door . tom we be not fag for you , flashman ! another beat , the silence worse than noise for Tom and East . then ball of flame paper be throw through the hole in the door , fill the little study with smoke . Tom and East struggle to put they out but there be smoke and spark everywhere . they eye be smart , they lung scream , near defeat . frobisher ( out of vision ) what in God 's name be happen here ?! East and Tom open the window , gulp in the fresh air . frobisher ( out of vision ) open the door , Brown ! Tom and East unbolt the door and open it . flashman glare in at they , stand next to speedicot and other of the fifth . frobisher ( to flashman ) you could have burnt the school down , you idiot . flashman they be be impudent . tom we be not go to fag for the fifth any more . ( continued ) 46 47 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 45 . continued : ( 3 ) 46 flashman you see what we have to put up with ? they be drag the House down with they lack of respect . frobisher be tear between do what be right and want to be popular with the older boy . east brooke say we do not have to fag for the fifth . frobisher know this be true and can not go against the memory of brooke . frobisher he 's right . now cut along , flashman , and no more fag until you be in the Sixth . flashman just smile he smile . flashman yes , frobisher . flashman , speedicot and the other slink back to they study . frobisher ( to East and Tom ) you two clean that mess up . frobisher move off , leave Tom and East to grin at each other . CUT to : int - rugby school / chapel - day 47 the entire school be gather for morning service , yawn and fight , watch over by frobisher and the other prefect . flashman , fothergill and speedicot try and look above it all . Tom and East arrive late and scruffy , as usual . as they come into the chapel a extraordinary thing happen : some of the smallest boy start to applaud . it 's only a ripple at first but it quickly spread , until most of the school be cheer and stamp . tom who be they cheer ? ( continued ) 47 48 49 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 46 . continued : 47 east we , you fool . Tom be highly amused by this , wave royally . he have never experience such adulation before and it go immediately to he head . East , on the other hand , glance up at flashman with real worry , know this be not the end of it . frobisher silence ! silence ! the cheer die down but Tom have have he first taste of real popularity and he like it . he really like it . end of part three part four ext - rugby school - day 48 it 's winter and the school building be glower in the grey * light . CUT to : ext - countryside / farm - day 49 a quiet day , just a few fat chicken peck around a farmyard . suddenly Tom and East pounce on the chicken and there be a explosion of clucking and feather . tom get one ! Tom struggle with the chicken . the door of the farm house crash open and a irate farmer burst out , a ancient blunderbuss in he hand . east Tom ! Tom clutches onto he prize and the two boy run off across the field to freedom . ( continued ) 49 50 51 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 47 . continued : 49 the Farmer unload he blunderbuss into the sky but the boy keep run . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 50 the school house be full of boy be teach by different Masters in different part of the room . Tom and East be struggle to pronounce they Greek as they chant with they colleague . suddenly everyone stand and Tom look around : Doctor Arnold have come into the School House and he be not alone . the Farmer be with he . Tom and East freeze in horror . Arnold look very stern , very angry . Arnold walk through the School room with the Farmer , the Farmer look at every boy in turn with fierce concentration . he look hard at East . but he 's obviously not convinced and be about to move on when he catch Tom 's face . the Farmer recognise Tom and he point a finger at he . farmer that be the one what steal it . * Arnold look at Tom who look bravely back at he . arnold go to my study , Brown . tom yes , sir . Tom walk out of the School House , all eye on he , he footstep the only sound in the echoing hall . Arnold look at East but say nothing . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's study - day 51 a nervous Tom stand in front of Arnold in the silence of he study . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 48 . 51 continued : 51 arnold who be you accomplice in this crime ? tom no-one , sir . arnold the farmer say there be two of you . tom just I , sir . Tom say nothing . arnold you steal from this man , Brown . would you care to explain why ? tom not really steal , sir . arnold the chicken belong to you , do it ? tom no , sir . arnold then in what way be it not steal ? tom it 's a prank , sir . we have always liberated the odd chicken or two , sir , it 's a rugby tradition . Arnold look at the boy , feel he anger rise . arnold a rugby tradition ? tom yes , sir . arnold you dare stand in front of I and say that steal be a tradition ? Tom say nothing , realise he 's play this completely the wrong way . ( continued ) 51 52 53 54 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 49 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 arnold then it 's a tradition I would best beat out of you , be not ? go to the tower and wait for I . Tom leave the room . CUT to : int - rugby school / caning tower - day 52 Tom Brown walk up the lonely spiral stair of the cane tower . he push a door open and there be a wooden cane stool . Tom lean over the stool , he buttock raise , await he fate . CUT to : ext - rugby school - day 53 a gaggle of boy - include East , tadpole and Green - gather and watch Arnold walk slowly across the quad towards the cane tower . tadpole he 's dead . die for a chicken . CUT to : int - rugby school / caning tower - day 54 Tom wait . Far below he hear the door of the tower open and close . Arnold 's footstep ring out as he slowly ascend the spiral stair case . Tom breathes heavier , frighten now but determine to be strong . the door of the room open and Arnold step in . he select a cane from the selection . swish it . a beat . ( continued ) 54 55 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 50 . continued : 54 Arnold do not want to do this but know he have to , move * quickly from regret to resolve . he raise the cane and hit Tom * hard . * Tom 's eye water with pain and anger and humiliation as the cane continue to whip down . * CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - night 55 all the boy , from the smallest to the large , be gather in the school house for a riotous night of drink and revelry . Tom be the centre of attention , chew on a chicken wing next to East . Tom be a real product of old rugby now , scruffy and bolshy . in the background a small , timid new boy - weston - be try to sing he song , the candle burn he hand , be pelt by the other boy . frobisher , huband and several other member of the Sixth come in , serious - face but barely notice in the mayhem . Weston falter , in tear , and be make to drink the salt water to loud cheer . frobisher silence ! silence in here ! the other prefect smash they stick down for the silence which finally arrive . frobisher this afternoon I have a discussion with the Doctor when he make plain he displeasure with School House - tom what about my displeasure with he ! Tom show he buttock to much hilarity . frobisher - and he inform I that from now on all he reform must be meet without further obstruction . there will be no more gambling in School House . boos from the boy . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 50a . 55 continued : 55 frobisher any boy find gambling will be report to I and thrash . after that he will go straight to the Doctor . ( continued ) 55 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 east shame ! Tom and East 's set be start to get rowdy , fuelle by beer . the prefect call for silence again . frobisher there will be no more drink of any sort . any boy find distill or brewing alcohol will be instantly send down by the Doctor . the boy start to murmur with discontent . tom can not we just wait until Christmas when the Doctor will be send down by the trustee anyway ? much cheer and laughter . frobisher I have ask you not to forget who you be talk about , Brown . tom the man who be destroy this school , frobisher . more loud cheer . frobisher ( furious , to he prefect ) get he out . the prefect wade in to remove Tom from the assembly but he friend pull he back . there be a ugly little scrummage , a few punch be throw , a few cane swished down on young limb . frobisher stop this ! stop this at once ! mayhem in the old School House . flashman watch all this , fascinate , not sure which way to turn . he look over at frobisher , who look really worried . flashman permission to help out , frobisher ? ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 51a . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 frobisher nod . ( continued ) 55 56 56A 56b 57 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 52 . continued : ( 4 ) 55 flashman - with speedicot , fothergill and other of the fifth behind he - lay into the smaller boy with he cane . a window be break . a boy scream out , trample . CUT to : int - rugby school / corridor - night 56 boy fight run battle in the corridor , rioting , bleed , yell . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's house / bedroom - night 56 a Arnold be sleep next to Mary when the sound of the bark dog wake they . mary what be it ? something crash over at the school follow by cheer . Arnold hurriedly get out of bed . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's house / corridor / window - night 56 B Arnold look out of the window and what he see chill he , shock he : ext - rugby school - night 57 window burst open as object be throw from the school to crash to the ground below . the retreat frobisher , huband and some of the prefect watch with dismay . then frobisher rally he troops : frobisher come on ! we must restore order ! frobisher start towards the rioting school but realise the other be hang back . ( continued ) * 57 58 continued : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 frobisher come on ! 57 52a . * * reluctantly huband and the other run towards the school behind * frobisher . int - rugby school / arnold 's study - night a furious Arnold pace the floor of he study . CUT to : 58 * * frobisher stand before he , nervous , shocked , he face cut and * bruise from the struggle . arnold it be under control ? frobisher yes , sir . arnold I will not stand for it . if you can not control the boy in you own House then I will . frobisher I can do it , sir . arnold who be the ringleader ? frobisher hard to say , sir . as you know some of you reform be universally dislike by the - ( continued ) * 58 59 60 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 53 . continued : 58 Arnold smashes he hand down on he desk make frobisher start . arnold ( furious ) who be it ?! frobisher Brown be a little more vocal than some of the other , headmaster . arnold if there be a repeat of this shameful behaviour I will remove you from you position as Captain of School House . be that clear ? frobisher yes , sir . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 59 Tom walk into the great School House . at the far end frobisher wait for he , he cane in hand , otherwise the place be desert . Tom walk cockily towards he . tom Morning , frobisher . without be ask , Tom spread himself on the prefect 's desk and await he punishment . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house / corridor - day 60 Arnold walk sternly down the corridor that lead to the School House , open the door . Tom and East be slump at they desk , Tom carve he name * and East make crude drawing of football match . they both * stop as they see the Doctor come into the room . fothergill be sit up at the raise master 's desk and read a cheap novel . all the boy stand up as they see Arnold . ( continued ) 60 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 54 . continued : 60 arnold sit down , gentleman . fothergill ( nervous ) Mr Smith be unwell , sir . I be take the third for Greek . arnold I know he be unwell , I have just come from he house . he turn to the boy , eye finally alight on tadpole . arnold ( to tadpole ) Hall . tadpole leap to he foot . tadpole sir? arnold I believe you have a passage of xenophon you have prepare . read it to I . tadpole start to stagger badly through the passage . arnold stop . tadpole stop , hope this be the end of it . arnold that be not the passage you be mean to have prepare . this be the passage . Arnold skip further on in tadpole 's book , point . tadpole begging you pardon , sir , but we be not ask to prepare that far , sir . Arnold scowl at he . arnold you think Mr Smith and I be mistaken ? tadpole Sir . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 55 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 arnold then I shall consult the note that Mr Smith write for I just twenty minute ago . there be tension in the air as Arnold take the note from he pocket and read . arnold you be the one who be mistaken . tadpole begging you pardon , sir , I be not mistaken , sir . we have all prepare - arnold you dare contradict I ? silence . arnold be you say that Mr Smith 's note be erroneous ? tadpole ( puzzle ) sir? arnold be the note mistaken ? tadpole yes , sir . Arnold turn to Green . arnold Green . Green jump to he foot . arnold run to Mr Smith 's house with this note and my apology . ask he if he could possibly have make a mistake . Green take the note and hurry out of the School room . Arnold turn to look at the shaking tadpole . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 55a. 60 continued : ( 3 ) 60 arnold if I find out that you have be lie to I I will flog you , sir , to within a inch of you life . ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 64 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 56 . continued : ( 4 ) 60 tadpole just stare ahead , close to tear . Tom hate see he friend suffer , stand up . tom Sir - arnold sit down , Brown ! Tom sit back down . CUT to : ext - rugby school - day 61 Green fly across the play field of the school . CUT to : ext - rugby town - day 62 Green sprint up the step of a house and ring the bell . the door open and Green be admit . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 63 Arnold walk slowly up and down the aisle of the School House , the atmosphere incredibly tense . tadpole stand , a picture of misery . Tom watch Arnold and there be a moment when the man 's eye meet the boy 's in a battle of will . CUT to : ext - rugby school - day 64 Green run back across the play field , breathe heavily . CUT to : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 56A . 65 int - rugby school / school house - day 65 the atmosphere be still tense in the School room when Green be - enter . all eye look to he . ( continued ) 65 66 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 57 . continued : 65 GREEN Mr Smith say the note be correct . there be a audible intake of breath and now all eye turn on the unfortunate tadpole . arnold ( to tadpole ) stand up . tadpole get slowly to he foot . arnold you have lie to I . tadpole no , sir . arnold ( lose it ) liar ! liar ! liar ! Arnold 's word echo around the room , chill the blood of the boy . arnold put you leave hand out . tadpole do as he be tell , he hand shaking with fear . Arnold take out a cane , swishes it . arnold ( quiet ) you will never lie to I again . tadpole be cry before the first blow slashes across he palm . another . another . Arnold seem to be in the clutches of a terrible , white - hot anger . six stroke . the boy expect he to stop here but he keep on go . East and Tom exchange a appal look . CUT to : ext - rugby school - day 66 as the sound of the cane whip down on tadpole 's hand we see a dissolve run of image : ( continued ) 66 67 68 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 58 . continued : 66 a empty corridor . a empty dorm . a empty study . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 67 only when the eighteenth stroke have lash tadpole 's hand do Arnold stop . Arnold put he hand out to be shake and tadpole shake it with he right hand . tadpole thank you , sir . Arnold then turn to the boy . arnold I believe a boy 's word as I would believe a man 's . this be what it mean . Arnold walk out of the School room and the boy rise to they foot . Tom watch Arnold leave with a mixture of contempt and fear . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's house / dine room - night 68 the Arnold family be dining , the atmosphere very quiet , cutlery clinking on china . Mary look over at Arnold , know he be upset at what have happen . mary one day , my dear , that boy will meet you again as a man and thank you for what you do today . Arnold look at he hand . it be still shaking . arnold I think if I treat they like equal they would respond as equal . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 58a . 68 continued : 68 mary they will , give time . now they still think all Masters be the enemy to be lie to and trick . ( more ) ( continued ) 68 69 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04 . continued : ( 2 ) mary ( cont would ) when they know that what you do you do out of love - arnold Love ? it be anger , not love . the door open and Sally bustles in . sally begging you pardon , Doctor , but he would not take no for a answer . 04 59 . 68 before Arnold can answer the question a very ill-look Smith come into the room . arnold Mr Smith . what on earth be you do out of bed ? smith ( agitate ) I hear what happen . arnold it 's over now . the boy lie to I and I have deal with it . now get yourself back to - smith when the boy arrive at my house I be half delirious with fever . I be annoyed that you would call on I when you know I be unwell . arnold it be important . smith I do not look at the note correctly . Hall be right , he prepare the correct passage . CUT to : int - rugby school / dormitory - night 69 tadpole lie face down on he bed , tear still stream from he eye as he hiccup with sob . the other boy lie on they bed , listen . even huband feel for tadpole . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 59a . 69 continued : 69 there be a knock at the door . ( continued ) 69 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 69 huband come ! the door open and Arnold appear in the dormitory . the boy be amaze and frighten , stand up straight by they bed . Arnold walk towards tadpole who involuntarily flinch . arnold I just have a discussion with Mr Smith and it do indeed appear that you be in the right and I be in the wrong . the boy look at each other , very surprised at this development . arnold I have write to you parent and apologise to they for what happen today . if you want to leave school in the morning and take a coach home I will understand . tadpole ( alarm ) Sir ? arnold personally , I very much hope you will remain at rugby School and that we will both learn from this day and move on together . tadpole yes , sir . arnold it only remain for I to hope you will accept my sincere apology . Arnold put he hand out to the astonished tadpole . tadpole shake he headmaster 's hand . arnold thank you , Hall . Arnold look around at Tom and the other boy . arnold good night , gentleman . ( continued ) 69 70 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 61 . continued : ( 3 ) 69 Arnold leave the dormitory and shut the door behind he . out on Tom 's face , thoughtful and puzzle by what have just happen . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 70 there be a bustle of interest in the School room as all the boy in the House draw sweepstake lot from speedicot 's hat as flashman look on . other member of the fifth lounge languidly around , look at betting sheet . a large fire crackle in the great fireplace . Tom and East be in line with the other . speedicot Roll up , roll up ! get you ticket for the derby here ! tadpole , you be next . tadpole take out a ticket and let speedicot read it . speedicot '' the wanderer '' ! tadpole 's draw the third favourite . flashman take a immediate interest in this . flashman what 's 11 you sell he for ? tadpole I do not want to sell . flashman he will not win but I want he as a hedge . i’1l give you half - a- crown for he . tadpole no. flashman just lean in to tadpole 's face . flashman ( quiet ) I be not the Doctor . I will not apologise after I have beat you . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 61a. 70 continued : 70 tadpole know he 's beat , put out he hand for the coin . ( continued ) 70 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 62 . continued : ( 2 ) 70 flashman I will pay you later . next ! tadpole slink off , deject . speedicot next. Brown . Tom pull out he ticket which speedicot read . speedicot '' harkaway '' ! you little chum 's pull out the favourite , flashy . flashman give it to I . Tom be quick and grab the ticket back . tom get you own , flashman . flashman you 'il sell it to I , Brown . tom I will not . flashman what have I always say ? the cockiest blackguard in the House . flashman survey the boy leave in the School House . flashman you boy ! out. now . the boy be more than happy to escape flashman and the other member of the fifth . Tom be about to leave with East but flashman step in front of they . flashman not you , Brown . east leave he alone , flashman . a nod from flashman and several member of the fifth grab East and throw he out of the School House and shut the door . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 62a. 70 continued : ( 3 ) 70 now only Tom be leave with flashman , speedicot , fothergill and the fifth . ( continued ) 70 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 63 . continued : ( 4 ) 70 flashman I will ask you one more time . give I the ticket . tom I will not . flashman smile . flashman good . because I have be look forward to this for some time . Tom be puzzle , know something be about to happen . flashman roast he ! a roar go up from the fifth and they manhandle Tom over to the fireplace . Tom 's wrist be hold against the mantelpiece and he leg be spread-eagled . the heat be obviously intense and Tom 's face start to crease with pain . speedicot best sell we the ticket , Brown . Tom shake he head . flashman damn the ticket . I want he to burn . Tom struggle but flashman be determine to keep he there . Tom 's clothes start to smoke . speedicot ( get concerned ) I say , flashy , I think he 's have enough . flashman nonsense . you have not have enough , have you , Brown ? flashman take Tom 's sagging head by he hair and make Tom shake he head . flashman there , you see ? let 's roast he front ! ( continued ) 70 71 72 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 64 . continued : ( 5 ) 70 they go to turn Tom around and see with horror that he clothes be nearly burn right off , that he flesh be red and sear . the fifth drop Tom , let he crumple to the floor , as they make they escape . end of part four part five int - rugby school / matron 's sick room - night 71 Tom lie face down as a nurse administer to he burnt flesh . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's house / bedroom - night 72 Mary lie cradle in the crook of she husband 's arm , both of they wide awake . mary how can they be so cruel to each other ? arnold this have be a dark place for far too long and one can not change it ina trice . mary and they stupid loyalty to each other . how can you help they if they do not help themselves ? a beat . arnold I fear I have let young Brown down . mary never . arnold a bright boy like that . brave and full of spirit . ( more ) ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 64a. 72 continued : 72 arnold ( cont would ) and what have rugby do to he ? turned he into a agitator , a thief . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 73 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 65 . continued : ( 2 ) arnold ( cont would ) lying on he stomach with he back half burnt from he body . Arnold be upset , angry with himself . mary you have always like he , have not you ? arnold I be go to ask he father to take he out of the school . mary why ? arnold because this place have poison he and the poison must be cut out . ext - rugby school / dorm - day 72 CUT to : 73 * East and Tom be stuff the last of they belonging into * they bag .. east try and behave yourself in dull old berkshire . Weston run into the dorm . weston Brown , the Doctor want to see you in he study straight away . Tom and East look at each other . east what have you do now ? tom depend what he 's find out about . I will see you next term . the boy shake hand , incredibly good friend now , off to the headmaster 's study with trepidation . and Tom head * CUT to : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 66 . 74 int - rugby school / arnold 's study - day 74 Tom knock on the open door of Arnold 's study and edge in . arnold Brown . I have like you to give this to you father . Tom take a envelope from Arnold . arnold it 's a letter outline you behaviour since you have be at rugby School . tom ( appall ) be I be send down , sir ? arnold give the letter to you father . tom sir. CUT to : 75 ext - rugby / tavern - day 75 Tom sit thoughtfully atop the coach as it ready itself for departure , the letter clutch in he nervous hand . the coach clatter away . flashman look out over the street , then pull the curtain shut . CUT to : 76 int - rugby / tavern / bedroom - day 76 in a room above a tavern Sally be admire a ring flashman have give she . sally what do you parent say ? flashman they shout of joy echoed around the estate . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 67 . 76 continued : 76 sally ( overwhelm ) flashy . flashman so now be I entitle to my pound of flesh , wife - as—almost - be ? Sally do not understand the reference . flashman my reward , sweet girl . sally ( flirty ) a kiss , you mean ? flashman sort of a kiss , yes . put you hand on the bedstead . sally what for ? flashman just do it . Sally turn and do what she be tell . flashman lift she skirt with he cane to reveal she buttock . flashman oh my . Rather more than a pound . flashman unbutton he breech . CUT to : 77 int - berkshire house / library / hall - day 77 squire Brown be finish Arnold 's letter as Tom stand and look on , nervous . squire be you so very unhappy there that you behave like this ? tom no , father . squire stealing , lie , fight . ( continued ) 77 78 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 68 . continued : 77 tom I do not think Doctor Arnold like I , father . he be bring in such change to the old place you would barely recognise it . why , only the other day - squire the only reason I send you there be because I have hope the Doctor would stop the rot in a institution I once love very much . now I read that you have fight he and he reform at every stage . Tom say nothing . squire you say the Doctor do not like you ? the squire read the letter out loud . squire '' I believe you son have all the potential quality that a rugby man should have . great courage ; decency of instinct ; fairness ; thoughtfulness . I sincerely hope you feel it in you heart to send he back to we '' . the squire let the Doctor 's word work on Tom . squire last chance , Thomas . CUT to : ext - rugby school - day 78 another term be about to start at rugby School and there be the usual chaos of arrive coaches , boy , parent and luggage . the rugby post have go and cricket stump have be push into the green turf . Arnold - with Spot at he side - walk across the play field , lampard at he side . Arnold seem to have a new energy and optimism on the first day of term . ( continued ) 78 79 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 69 . continued : 78 lampard it be preposterous ! you want I to live in the school ? actually , in the school ? arnold actually in the school , yes . lampard I be senior master here and I will not do it ! be it not enough that I give the wretch boy my every waking hour as it be ? arnold no , Mr lampard , it be not enough . lampard then I shall have no alternative than to hand in my resignation . a upper window in Arnold 's house open and Mary lean out . mary he 's here . Arnold nod , pleased . arnold if you will excuse I . Arnold start to walk away then remember : arnold oh , Mr lampard . I accept you resignation . lampard be astonished . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's house / dine room - day 79 Tom knock on the open door and enter Arnold 's study . Mary Arnold be pour tea , cut cake . Arnold be there , stand next to a skinny , odd - look , boy of around eleven . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 69a . 79 continued : 79 arnold there you be , Brown . I trust you leave you father and mother well ? ( continued ) 79 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 continued : ( 2 ) tom very , sir . arnold I have like you to meet George Arthur . 70 . 79 Tom shake the boy 's hand robustly . he get a thin , damp hand in return . mary I believe that matron have put he in the bed next to yours . tom that 's East 's bed . mary Arthur have never be away from home before and I assure he mother that he would be well look after . Tom have a lurching feel in he stomach . tom by I , mar ’am ? arnold how very kind of you , Brown , I think sure that would be you attitude . a word . Arnold gesture for he to come over to the window so that they can speak with some privacy . arnold it do not seem so very long ago that we be both new here , do it ? they both look down at the arrive schoolboy below . tom no , sir . arnold I remember it as a rather harsh , frightening place . Arthur 's father have recently die . he have no brother , just a sister . I suspect he do not quite have you robust physical constitution . Tom look at the spindly boy . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 71 . 79 continued : ( 3 ) 79 arnold look after he . do you think you can do that ? tom yes , sir . arnold then I suspect we have a understanding . tom ( not entirely happy ) yes , sir . CUT to : 80 int - rugby school / dormitory - night 80 Tom , East , tadpole , Green etc be undress for bed . Arthur be half - undress , but stare at the other boy . arthur Tom ? tom what ? arthur where do I undress ? tom ( hiss ) here , stupid . East be not happy about he new bed by the window . east why do he have to have my bed ? tom because Mrs Arnold say so . Tom be pull he shirt over he head so do not at first see what the other see : George Arthur be on he knee by he bed . arthur '' we Father which art in heaven , hallow be thy name . thy kingdom come . '' ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 71a . 80 continued : 80 the first boot hit Arthur on the back of the head . ( continued ) 80 81 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 80 there be jeer and more shoe from the other boy . arthur '' thy will be do on earth as it be in heaven . give we this day we daily bread . '' Tom feel for Arthur but more than anything he do not want to lose face in front of he fellow . tom go to bed , Arthur . Arthur hesitates . the shoe and jeer rain down on he . arthur '' and forgive we we trespasp , as we forgive they that trespass against we . and lead we not into temptation . but deliver we from evil . amen . '' Arthur scamper into bed and pull up he blanket . Tom say nothing . blow out the candle . CUT to : int - rugby / tavern - night 81 flashman , speedicot and other be roistering in the local tavern , both of they bounce prostitute on they knee . Bill come into the tavern , walk over to flashman . bill a word , please , Mr flashman . speedicot hello , Bill ! have a drink . flashman have a woman , Bill . I will pay . speedicot and flashman laugh . bill a word , please , sir . to flashman 's surprise Bill take he by the hand and drag he away from speedicot . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 72a . 81 continued : 81 bill you will marry she , Mr flashman , of course . ( continued ) 81 82 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 73. continued : ( 2 ) 81 flashman marry whom ? bill Sally . flashman Sally ? why on earth would I want to marry Sally ? no offence and all that but ... Sally ? bill I think you know why , Mr flashman . flashman nothing that Sally say could be of the remotest interest to I , Bill . now if you do not mind I would rather like to rejoin my - bill I 'il go to the Doctor , you see if I do not . flashman just look at Bill . then burst into laughter . flashman do you really think he would believe the word of the town slattern over that of a English gentleman ? Bill strike out at flashman but before he can do any damage he be wrestle to the floor by speedicot and other . flashman I own the Doctor , Bill . do not you know that ? flashman kick the helpless Bill in the stomach . CUT to : ext - rugby school / playing field - day 82 a cricket match be in progress , East bowl and Tom cajole he team mate . tom come on , boy , last wicket ! the tension in the pavilion be tense as the bat team look on . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 73a . 82 continued : 82 East bowl and the batsman hit high up into the summer sky . ( continued ) 82 83 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 east catch it ! Tom see that the fielder nearest the ball be Arthur but he 's not even follow the game , he 's stand in the outfield read Greek . tom Arthur ! catch ! startle by Tom 's voice , Arthur look up . arthur sorry , Brown ? the ball land on the grass . there be a shocked silence . arthur do you want you ball ? then the victorious bat team start to laugh , point at Arthur . East be beside himself with fury . he start to run over towards Arthur but be rugby - tackle by Tom before he can get there . Arthur return to he book , oblivious . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's study - day 83 a very cocky flashman be stand in front of Arnold . arnold be it true ? the woman be with child . flashman ( laugh ) the girl flip onto she back for a penny , headmaster . why , half the man in town have - arnold I be not ask about they , sir , I be ask about you . have you lain with this young woman ? ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 74a . 83 continued : 83 flashman ( amuse ) lain , sir ? ( continued ) 83 84 continued : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 75 . ( 2 ) arnold be there something amusing in this squalid circumstance ? I fail to see it . flashman no , sir . not lain . I do not know who the poor sprog 's father be but it be not I . Arnold know there be little he can do . a beat . arnold you give I you word as a Christian and a gentleman ? flashman absolutely , sir . arnold I will be watch you , Mr flashman . flashman will you , sir ? oh and pater say to say that the gymnasium equipment will be with we soon , sir . will that be all ? Arnold nod . flashman smile and leave the study . int - rugby school / wash room - night 83 CUT to : 84 Tom and Arthur be in separate bath , the water dirty and scummy . tom you have to start learn the rugby way , Arthur , or you time here be go to be short and unpleasant . arthur do you miss you parent , Tom ? ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 75a . 84 continued : 84 tom ( appall , look around ) there you again ! will you stop say thing like that ? ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 76 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 Arthur shrug , serene . tom you have to stand up for yourself . be a man . arthur like you ? tom I can not watch you back for ever . arthur it would be a dull old World if we all have to be the same , would not it , Tom ? tom if a fellow hit you , hit he back . arthur I do not believe in violence . tom ( exasperate ) of course you believe in violence ! you be british . look , there 's nothing to be afraid of - arthur I be not afraid of anything , Tom . huband appear in the washroom . huband out , Brown , stop ferment in you own filth . and you , Arthur . ( shout ) next ! a couple of boy in dress - gowns present themselves for the next use of the dirty water . huband leave . tom ( warning ) you be a very strange fellow , Arthur , and strangeness do not flourish here . CUT to : 85 86 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 77 . ext - rugby school / MAIN gate - night 85 sound of a carriage shudder by . Bill be lock up the main gate of the school , wave up at the coachman . he notice a bundle on the ground . Bill walk over and realise it be a person . he pull back the hood to realise with horror that it be Sally , she face white , she eye close . bill Sally ? CUT to : int - rugby school / matron 's sick room - night 86 matron gently clean she daughter 's unconscious face as the very worried Bill look on . Arnold be huddle just outside the sick room with Mary . * arnold ( shock ) * a abortion ? * Mary nod , angry and upset . * arnold * and Sally ? * mary * she 's lose a lot of blood but she 's 11l * live . * arnold * who pay for it ? * mary * ( angry ) * who do you think ? * * Arnold look in at the sad sight . mary ( point ) this be monstrous and something must be do about it . + eh ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 77a . 86 continued : 86 Mary walk by Arnold to help with Sally . CUT to : 87 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 78. int - rugby school / school house - day 87 Smith be listen to Arthur as he construe from the iliad , really enjoy the boy 's clarity and rhythm . East be draw scene of football , Tom watch Arthur with baffle respect . arthur ( reading ) '' thus do he pray , and Apollo hear he prayer . he come down furious from the summit of Olympus , with he bow and he quiver upon he shoulder , and the arrow rattle on he back with the rage that tremble within he . '' to everyone 's amazement Arthur stand up and start play out the scene as he speak . the boy have never see they lesson '' come to life '' like this and one - by-one start to wake up and laugh at Arthur 's antic . East just shake he head : weird boy . Tom start to enjoy the theatrical performance , for the first time see a glimpse of popularity in Arthur . arthur '' his silver bow ring death as he shot he arrow in the midst of they . first he smote they mule and they hound , but presently he aim he shaft at the people themselves , and all day long the pyre of the dead be burn . '' Arthur sit down with a theatrical gesture . smith ( amuse ) if you be quite finish , Arthur . arthur quite , sir . CUT to : 88 89 90 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 79 . int - rugby school / dormitory - night 88 Arthur be at he bed , praying , as he do every night . East think it be hilarious to thrash Arthur on the backside with he shoe . Tom come in to the dorm , see what be happen , take the shoe from East and promptly throw it out of the window . all the boy laugh , point at East rather than Arthur . CUT to : ext - rugby school / corridor - day 89 * some '' stump '' have be chalk on a door and East be bowl t¢é Tom . * east he 's weird , that 's all there be to it . tom he 's a bit ... different . east he should be in a asylum not a school . tom it would be a dull old World if we all have to be the same , would not it ? to East 's irritation Tom whacks the cricket ball back hard , * make he duck . * CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 90 there be a murmur of noise as boy read on they own or chat together . Arthur be on he own , ensconce in ovid . flashman and speedicot come into the school house and stand at the master 's desk . flashman take a letter out of he pocket with a flourish . ( continued ) 90 91 92 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 80 . continued : 90 flashman ( reading ) '' my dearest , dearest mama ... '' boy look up at this , sense some fun and cruelty in the air . Arthur continue to study , oblivious . flashman ( reading ) '' I will not pretend that every moment of my life at rugby have be a happy one but I believe there be some shard of sunshine in the darkness ... '' much laughter from the boy . flashman ( reading ) '' that sunshine have a name , mama . it be Tom Brown '' . howl of laughter from the boy now . Arthur look up , know that flashman have intercept he letter home to he mother . tadpole look over at Arthur , know he be in trouble . CUT to : ext - rugby school / corridor - day 91 East and Tom be look for the cricket ball in the doorway off the corridor . tom get it ? east no. CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 92 flashman continue to read from the letter as Arthur , jeer at and revile , try to maintain he dignity . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 80a. 92 continued : 92 flashman ( reading ) '' Doctor Arnold have ' cast off the work of darkness and let we put on the armour of light 's " . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 81 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 speedicot you mean by destroy we school , you little scud ? flashman ( reading ) '' I think he mean to make it a more diverse place , where all sort of flower will be able to bloom '' . flashman walk towards Arthur who look around for he friend . speedicot what shall we do with the little flower , flashy ? flashman what do we do with flower ? we water they ! tadpole slip out . CUT to : 93 ext - rugby school / corridor - day 93 * Tom hold up the ball . tom found it ! east do not do it again . Tom see tadpole panting into the corridor , know instantly that something be wrong . east what be it , tadpole ? tadpole flashman 's get Arthur . end of part five * part six * 94 ext - rugby school / quad - day 94 the cover be be wheeled from the old well . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 81a. 94 continued : 94 Arthur be truss up in rope , he arm pin to he side . ( continued ) 94 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 82 . continued : ( 2 ) 94 flashman if he do not drow he 's guilty of treason to rugby School . if he do .... then we be all most frightfully sorry . flashman give a signal and Arthur be lower down into the dark , cold well . boy rush to look over the rim of the well , peer into the darkness . a beat then a splash noise . speedicot I think he 's in the water , flashy . flashman then give the chap a good dunk . they jerk the rope up and down and we can hear splash noise . speedicot bring he up . flashman one more . for luck . again they jerk the rope up and down . Tom and East come run around the corner . tom bring he up , you coward ! the boy look instantly guilty , start to haul Arthur up . flashman look who it be , the shard of light in we miserable life . tom you be a brute , flashman . Arthur be pull up , chatter with cold . Tom and East go to he at once , concerned . tom be you alright ? speedicot make kissing noise . ( continued ) 94 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 83 . continued : ( 3 ) 94 flashman would you like I to buy you a woman , Brown ? then you would not have to go sniff around little boy . Tom turn and look at flashman , eye sparkling with anger . tom I have have enough of you , flashman . flashman what be you go to do ? shine on I ? tom I be go to beat you . will you fight ? a frisson of surprise and excitement go around the boy . flashman fight with you ? tom be you man enough ? flashman I be in the fifth , I do not fight fleas like you . tom so you be a coward as well as a brute ? speedicot fight he , flashy , if that 's what he want . flashman hate be put into this position , feel the eye of he friend on he . flashman I be go to kill you , Brown . a great cheer go up . fight ! boy run to tell they friend . arthur I do not want you to do this . tom he 's have it come to he . CUT to : 95 96 97 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 84. int - rugby school / arnold 's study - day 95 Arnold be at work on a sermon in the peace of he study , just a old clock for company . Spot the dog twitches and open he eye . he 's hear something . CUT to : ext - rugby school / chapel - day 96 hundred of boy have form a circle , excited , chat . East look after Tom , take he jacket and talk to he . the much larger flashman hand he jacket to speedicot . east fight with you head . he 's bigger than you be but he 's unfit . do not go steaming in , just jab , jab , wait for you moment . speedicot walk forward . speedicot gentlemen , begin ! east with you head , Tom , keep outside he range and - but Tom have not listen to a word . he go directly for flashman and land a barrage of blow to the astonished young man 's face . East shake he head . the young boy cheer , love see flashman get hit . angry , flashman retaliate with some nasty slog of he own . east foot , Tom ! CUT to : int - rugby school / dormitory - day 97 the dormitory be empty , everyone be at the fight . ( continued ) 97 98 99 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 85 . continued : 97 a very unhappy Arthur peel off he jacket . he be sodden , he tooth chatter with cold . CUT to : ext - rugby school / quad - day 98 Arnold be walk across the quad when he hear the shout of the boy at the fight . he step back , careful not to be see . CUT to : ext - rugby school / chapel - day 99 the fight be in full swing , blood pour from both Tom and flashman 's face . the boy be cheer and clap . east go on , Tom ! speedicot finish he off , flashy ! the youngster be really get behind Tom now , they hero pummelling the larger , out -of-condition flashman . Tom duck inside a punch from the tiring flashman and belt he on the nose , blood spraying everywhere . speedicot time ! east ( outrage ) no , it 's not ! flashman stagger back to speedicot and he corner , he dandy clothes spatter in blood . east you have get he , Tom ! he 's blow like a whale . just do not be in a hurry , wait for you open . Tom nod , spit out he water , pink with he own blood . flashman be in a bad way and do not fancy much more . ( continued ) 99 100 101 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 86 . continued : 99 flashman ( whisper , to speedicot ) the duster . speedicot look around , very wary of anyone overhear . speedicot you have get he , flashy . flashman ( hiss ) give I they . speedicot surreptitiously slip some large , brass knuckle - duster into flashman 's hand . speedicot time ! Tom and flashman stand up . CUT to : ext - rugby school / quad - day 100 Arnold watch the fight as frobisher hurry across the quad . frobisher Brown and flashman be fight , sir . arnold so I see . do you know why ? frobisher something to do with young Arthur , sir . you know , the new boy . shall I go and stop it , sir ? a beat as Arnold consider . arnold no . frobisher be take aback by Arnold 's answer . CUT to : ext - rugby school / chapel - day 101 the boy cheer Tom on as he punch force flashman back and back . ( continued ) 101 102 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 87 . continued : 101 speedicot hit he back , flashy ! east he 's yours , Tom ! flashman slip he hand into he pocket and come out with the knuckle - duster slip onto he fist . he smack Tom in the face and the brass cut into Tom 's startle forehead . East be alarmed . east Tom ? now flashman have the advantage and a flurry of right -hook send the brass slamm into Tom 's face , blood burst everywhere . Tom 's leg wobble and he go down . East be quickly at he side , not notice flashman slip the knuckle - duster into he pocket . east be you alright , Tom ? Tom ? Tom be barely conscious . CUT to : int - rugby school / quad - day 102 Arnold have see what have happen , watch with concern as the young boy crowd around Tom . suddenly flashman turn around and run and kick Tom in the stomach . the knuckleduster slip from he hand and clatter onto the * cobble . * all the boy look at they , appal , they up at flashman 's face * flashman * all 's fair in love and war . * East be outrage and go for flashman but tadpole and Green * hold he back . CUT to : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 87a . 103 int - rugby school / dormitory - day 103 Arthur be shiver in he underwear . he suddenly collapse . CUT to : 104 105 106 107 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 88. ext - rugby school - night 104 the great tree sway in the wind . the school be dark , silent , sombre . CUT to : int - rugby school / dormitory - night 105 silence in the dormitory . the boy be all in bed , the candle on . Tom be wide awake , turn on he back to look at Arthur 's empty bed . Smith come into the room to extinguish the light . smith good night , boy . tom any news , sir ? smith not yet . good night . boy good night , sir . Smith blow out the light . CUT to : int - rugby school / matron 's sick room - night 106 Arthur be unconscious in the sick room . matron make the boy comfortable as a very worried Doctor take he temperature again . CUT to : int - rugby school / arnold 's study - night 107 Arnold stand in front of flashman . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 88a . 107 continued : 107 flashman Brown be a uppity little cad and he have it come to he . ( continued ) 107 108 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 89 . continued : ( 2 ) 107 arnold you be a coward and a bully , flashman . I be go to do now what I should have do a long time ago . flashman if you cane I , sir , my father will hear about it . arnold I will not be cane you . flashman look relieved at this . arnold go to you dormitory , pack a bag and leave the school at once . the rest of you belonging will be send on . flashman be shocked to the core by this . flashman ( angry ) have you any idea who I be , sir ? Arnold look flashman steadily , contemptuously in the eye . arnold I know exactly who you be , sir . get out . CUT to : ext - rugby school / MAIN gate - night 108 Bill open the main gate of the school to let flashman out . flashman Lovely night , Bill . flashman walk cockily away from the school , try to show he do not care , he bag in he hand . suddenly he be pelt with mud and rotten egg as dozen of small , bully boy break cover and attack flashman . flashman cover he face , frighten . the boy race back through the gate and into the safety of the school , leave flashman dirty and bedraggle . Bill lock the gate . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 90 . 108 continued : 108 bill Lovely night , Mr flashman . flashman look back to see Tom Brown look at he from the darkness of the school wall . Tom look directly into flashman 's eye , stare he out , until flashman break off and skulk away down the street . * CUT to : 109 int - rugby school / matron 's sick room - night 109 Tom lower himself quietly into the room , creep over to Arthur 's bed . tom ( Gentle ) Arthur . Arthur . Arthur stir . tom it 's I , Arthur . Tom . how be you ? you give we fellow a hell of a shock with you fainting tactic . arthur do he hurt you ? tom flashman ? not a bit . a shiver seem to wrack Arthur 's body , alarming Tom . tom Arthur ? Arthur seem to slip off into a deep sleep . tom ( alarm ) Arthur ? Arnold be stand in the room , have watch some of this . arnold let he sleep now . Tom jump to he foot , have no idea Arnold be there . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 90a . 109 continued : 109 tom will he be alright , sir ? ( continued ) 109 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 109 arnold only God can answer that . all we can do be pray for he . tom it 's all my fault . arnold you fault ? tom I be mean to be look after he ! they put he down the well and - arnold it 's not you fault , Brown . it appear Arthur have a medical condition that precede he time here . Tom turn to look at Arthur . tom he will get better . I know he will . arnold go back to you dormitory . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 110 Tom , East , tadpole , Green and the other be all sit in they desk . Smith be at the master 's table , declaim Greek to the distract boy . Tom look over at Arthur 's empty seat . Little Weston come into the School House with a note and every boy watch he walk up to Smith with trepidation . Smith take the note and read it . smith Brown . the headmaster would like to see you in he house . CUT to : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 92 . int - rugby school / arnold' house / study - day Tom let himself into the Arnold 's draw room . Arnold and Mary be both there , turn to look at he . arnold come in , Brown . Tom notice that there be another woman in the room , young and very beautiful . she look tired but she eye watch Tom come into the room with great interest . this be france , Arthur 's mother . at she side be a very pretty girl of about he age . arnold this be Arthur 's mother and he sister , Charlotte . france put she hand out to Tom . france I believe that Charlotte and myself owe you a great debt of gratitude for look after we dear boy this last week . Arnold and Mary exchange a glance of pride at this . tom be he better , mar ’am ? france a little . he 's ask for you . Tom look at Arnold and Arnold nod . arnold just for a while , we must not tire he . Tom be excited , about to leave . france thank you again , Tom . from both of we . Charlotte flash Tom a look . CUT to : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 93. 112 int - rugby school / matron 's sick room - day 112 Tom sit next to Arthur 's bed . tom I do not know where they 'il bat I but at least I be in the team . arthur you be the best bat in School House , you should go in first . Tom smile at this . Tom nod . arthur do you like my mother , Tom ? tom very much . arthur and Charlotte ? do you like she ? arthur if anything should happen to I will you promise that you will look after they ? you be very good at that . tom nothing 's go to happen to you , stupid . do not talk that way . arthur I be not afraid of die . tom Arthur - arthur I be not afraid of my friend die , either . because one day we will all die and be together for ever . Arthur be feverish , mumble . arthur I have this dream , Tom . a river . Green field . everyone I have ever know be there . you and Harry - ( continued ) 112 113 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 94 . continued : 112 tom ( change subject ) do you hear flashman get send down ? arthur even flashman . he be there . even flashman . and the Doctor . and mother and Charlotte . and my father . everyone we have ever know will be there . Tom be uncomfortable and out of he depth . matron come in to the sick room . matron that 's enough now Brown . Tom nod and she leave they . tom I have to go , Arthur . i’1l come back as soon as they let I . Arthur 's hand find Tom 's . arthur will you do something for I , Tom ? tom anything , you know that . CUT to : int - rugby school / dormitory - night 113 the boy be get ready for bed , talk quietly , not they normal rowdy selve . Tom be lie in he bed , agitate . he get up , drop to he knee by he bed and prayer . tom ( pray ) '' we Father which art in Heaven , hallow be thy name . thy kingdom come . '' East and tadpole and the other look on , astonished , at the sight of Tom Brown praying . ( continued ) 113 114 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 95 . continued : 113 tom '' thy will be do on earth as it be in Heaven . give we this day we daily bread . '' East kneel down next to Tom and join he in prayer . no - one jeer , no - one throw shoe . tom east and forgive we we and forgive we we trespasp , as we forgive trespasp , as we forgive they that trespass against they that trespass against we . and lead we not into we . and lead we not into temptation . but deliver we temptation . but deliver we from evil . from evil . East stop praying , look at he friend whose eye be still clench tight . tom please , Lord . please let George Arthur live . one by the one the boy get under they blanket , the mood sombre and serious . CUT to : int - rugby school / playing field / pavilion - day 114 Tom be get change for cricket with other boy from School House . East look over at he friend , concerned . Tom seem distract , not he usual rumbustious self . all the boy stand as Arnold come into the pavilion . he address they all but he word be really for Tom . arnold I think you would like to know that I have just speak to the Doctor and Arthur be sit up in bed and eat a hearty breakfast . this be indeed good news and Tom break into a smile . arnold enjoy the game , gentleman . CUT to : Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 96 . ext - rugby school / playing field - day 115 Tom and East be bat together , full of life and vigour and skill . Tom smashes another ball to the boundary where it be greet with applause from the boy watch . CUT to : int - rugby school / matron 's sick room - day 116 the window be open and the applause and the sound of Tom Brown 's bat on ball drift up from the play field below . Arthur lie in he sick bed , smile at the noise . his mother be read to he from '' pickwick paper '' as Charlotte walk to the window and look down on the cricketer below . france * ( reading ) * '' and in the midst of all this , stand * Mr. pickwick , he countenance light up with smile , which the heart of no man , woman , or child , could resist : himself the happiest of the group : shaking hand , over and over again , with the same people , and when he own hand be not so employ , rub they with pleasure '' . * Tom drive another ball to the boundary . boy well play , Brown ! Arthur close he eye , let the sound of rugby School on a summer 's day drift over he as he mother read . CUT to : int - rugby school / school house - day 117 cheerful chaos in the School House as the victorious cricket team mix with they colleague , eat and drink and larking about . sunlight pour in through the window . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 96a . continued : 117 east I be think duck , duck you fool and he whacks it over square leg like he be swatting a fly ! the laughter stop as Doctor Arnold come into the room and they all stand . Tom and East look at each other , have never see Arnold here at a meal time . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 97 . continued : ( 2 ) 117 arnold it be my sad duty to tell you that George Arthur of rugby School die this afternoon . the shock be rigid on the boy 's face . Tom can not believe it , just stare at Arnold . arnold he will be bury in the chapel . I wish ... Arnold would like to say more but he can not find the word . he turn and leave the room , close the door behind he . a shocked , stunne beat . then Thomas Brown - brave , fearless Tom - start to cry like a baby , he sob echoing in the great School House . East put he arm around he friend , fiercely loyal , dare anyone to say anything . but the boy be paralyse with grief and dread . CUT to : int - rugby school / tom 's study - night 118 Tom stand alone in he study , he face ashen , drain . a beat . then he start to destroy the study in a fury of anger and hurt . the door open and Arnold be stand there . his eye quickly take in the situation but he say nothing . arnold will you forget Arthur ? tom ( fierce ) never , sir . arnold nor shall I . nor shall any one of we who meet he and be touch by he . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 97a . 118 continued : 118 Tom nod , try to understand . ( continued ) 120 Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 98 . continued : ( 2 ) 118 arnold be strong tomorrow . Arthur would expect it of you and the school will need it of you . Tom nod , very touch by this faith in he . Arnold go to leave . tom good night , sir . arnold good night . Tom . Tom and Arnold look at each other with a great mutual respect . Arnold leave Tom 's study . CUT to : int - rugby school / chapel - day 119 the chapel be full to burst with every boy and master in the school . Arnold be at he lectern . france and Charlotte sit at the front of the chapel . the school hymn be be sung . Tom and East , tadpole and Green , carry the coffin into the chapel . Tom Brown look at Doctor Arnold and a look of deep understanding exist between man and boy . Tom sing with gusto and strength , inspiring he friend . CUT to : ext - rugby school - day 120 the grounds be desert , every boy and master in the chapel . the sound of the school hymn drift in the breeze . ( continued ) Tom Brown 's schoolday - shoot script 06.04.04 99 . 120 continued : 120 the end