int . boarding school - library - day lara croft ( 16 ) , a headstrong , long -haire beauty , be surround at a study table by she uniformed classmate , one of which , delia , be the group skeptic . chyron : London , 1986 lara first of all delia , my father be much young than he look . and second of all , you be completely miss the point . a librarian across the way shush the girl , force lara to lower she voice to a dramatic whisper : lara ( cont 'd ) once my father get inside ghengis Khan 's tomb , he think he be home free . back to : int . ghengis khan's tomb - day revealed in Lord Croft 's flashlight be Khan 's decrepit mummy . clutch a crudely - fashioned ceremonial drum . lara ( v.o. ) but as soon as he take the sacred drum from Khan 's bony clutches ... Lord Croft admire he prize steal from the mummy . lara ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he set off the worst trap of all . Lord Croft react to a rumbling inside the tomb . the very floor beneath he be buckle from some unseen force . Racing for the arched doorway , Lord Croft stop when he see : Pov - lord croft section of the antechamber 's tile floor be fall away , drop down into a infinite abyss now expose . back to scene Lord Croft take a deep breath . pick out the only route imaginable across the precarious checkerboard floor ... and sprint for the entry hole , drum cradle in he arm ! with each step the tile floor break away beneath he ! force Lord Croft to snatch the drum in he tooth ... and leap for the entry hole with both hand ! lara ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then , just as the wall be give way ... Lord Croft claw desperately at the crumble wall . eye widen with rlief when a wire ladder dangle into view . lara ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my mother come to the rescue again . int . helicopter - day lady vivian croft , a spirite 40 - something woman who expertly helm the family chopper . Lady vivian stare down at the mountainside entry hole where Lord Croft be climb to safety on the wire ladder attach to the helicopter 's underbelly . lara ( v.o. ) there be still one problem . and it be a big one : the mongolian Army . Lady vivian notice dozen of mongol soldier crest the mountaintop . armed to the tooth . sights on Lord Croft . ext . mountainside - day hanging on with one hand to the wire ladder , Lord Croft use he spare hand to unload a endless uzi clip on the soldier . delia ( v.o. ) I do not buy it for a minute . int . boarding school - library - day all eye be on delia as she try to debunk lara 's story . delia if that drum be so bloody valuable , why would you parent send it to you ? all eye now turn back to lara as she return the volley : lara easy . if you be the mongolian Army would not my dorm room be the last place you would look ? while delia mull that one , lara spot a black bentley arnage arrive in the parking lot outside . her eye suddenly beam . lara ( cont 'd ) to be continue . I gotta go . lara race away without explanation . int . lara' boarding school room - day pan across a floor- to-ceil bookcase fill with odd souvenirs from around the world , all lovingly display . as a woman 's hand remove one of the souvenir we meet lady vivian croft in she formal , elegant , real - world attire . lady vivian look at this , desmond . every little trinket we have send back she 's get on display like the Crown jewel . lord desmond croft be a stately business magnate but hardly a tomb raider . unlike he wife , Lord Croft be far more interested in the old trunk across the room , overflow with sport trophy , plus various academic plaque and certificate . he examine a " ist place " gymnastics trophy . lord croft viv , I do not think we little girl 's ever come in second . lara bolt inside , wind from she run across school . lara I do not believe it ... Lord Croft give lara a short , polite embrace . lara ( cont 'd ) I think you two be off on press business somewhere ? Lady vivian hold onto she daughter a little longer . lady vivian lara , you do not really think we would miss you 16th birthday ? lara ( play dumb ) oh , be that today ? both she parent chuckle at lara 's wit . lady vivian we bring another souvenir to add to you very impressive collection . Lord Croft hand lara a small , unwrapped BOX . pull off the lid , lara 's face scrunches quizzically : a new passport . lord croft someday it will be fill cover - to - cover , just like ours . he look at Lady vivian , who nod in agreement . lady vivian well I think we should break it in , do not you , desmond ? lara ( suspicious but hopeful ) what be you say , mother ? lord croft the provost have assure we you be so far ahead in you study that you professor will actually welcome you absence for a week . so they can catch up to you . lara a family trip !? where be we go ? lord croft anywhere in the world . lady vivian it 's you choice , lara . what a tough decision for lara , who thoughtfully peruse all the exotic souvenir she parent have send she over the year . lara everywhere you have be ... I have dream of go . lara finally settles on the tibetan drum ( from lara 's story ) , then turn to she parent and smile . decision make . CUT to : ext . over the himalayas - day a sleek gulfstream III -- emblazon with " croft industries " -- soar through the jag , pristine white mountaintop . chyron : over the himalayas lara ( v.o. ) I want to ski mount annapurna . no one 's ever sky there before . lady vivian ( v.o. ) lara , do you even know how to ski ? lara ( v.o. ) that 's the fun of it -- I will learn . int . croft jet - continuous lara sit on the floor ( dress in a almost tomboyish manner ) , she back against a small sofa from where Lady vivian enjoy braid she daughter 's long , lustrous hair . they be more like sister with they similar mannerism and match diamond tennis bracelet . lara charmingly rattles off historical fact to impress she parent . lara Bet you do not know mount annapurna 's actually a massif with two primary peak . annapurna 1 , the tallest , be not climb from the south -- where we be go to ski -- until 1970 by the Chris bonnington expedition . the jet 's handsomely appoint interior have the feel of a English sit room that comfortably accommodate 8 - 10 passenger . Lord Croft , who have to duck inside the cabin , pour himself a nip of brandy at the wet bar . lord croft anything you do not know , lara ? lara ( teasing ) I suppose it 's possible , Father . Lord Croft smirk as he take a seat across from he woman . lady vivian tell we about that drum I send you back from tibet ? lara it 's make from a human thigh bone . and it 's part of a exorcism ritual . that 's really all I know . lady vivian I attend the ritual once . last time we be here , while you father be conclude a deal in Nepal . this get lara 's attention . and Lord Croft 's . lady vivian ( cont 'd ) it be very move . the ceremony divest the die person of all they ego and emotion , prepare they for the next life , unencumber . lord croft I always miss the good stuff . Lord Croft swig the last of he brandy . lara peer out the window at the enigmatic mountain while confess : lara you want to know something funny ...? for year now I have tell storey at school about my parent be famous tomb raider -- that 's how I explain why you be always away on business . ( turn back to parent ) my friend actually think all that souvenir you send I , they be all ancient treasure . like that drum , I have almost convinced they father steal it from ghengis kahn 's tomb . Lord Croft get a chuckle over that one . but Lady Croft be not amused , see beneath she daughter 's imagination . lady vivian I know it 's not be easy for you , lara , what with we abroad so often . but from now on , we will do better than just holiday visit . how do a family trip each month sound ? lara look to she father , who concede he approval . lara I can not wait for next month . CUT to : ext . croft jet - later lightning strike in the darken distance . the gulfstream jet disappear into a swirl miasma of low , dark cloud . int . croft jet - continuous the aircraft begin to shudder and sway in the turbulence . lara look anxiously to she parent as a speaker in the cabin squawk to life , one of the pilot address the croft : pilot ( over speaker ) nothing to worry about , folk . just some temperamental weather . strap yourselves in tight and we will be through this in no time . lara glance nervously out she mist window at the storm , jump as lightning strike the wing of the jet ! the interior light flicker . the jet drop sudden altitude ... then stabilize . the croft all exhale in momentary relief . Lord Croft unbuckle he seatbelt and head for the cockpit . lady vivian desmond ? lord croft you girl stay put . Lady vivian clutches lara 's hand with she own . int . croft jet - cockpit - continuous the two pilot , struggle to hold onto the shaking control acknowledge Lord Croft as he slip in through the partition . lord croft anything I can do ? pilot # 1 there 's a portable radio in the closet . better get it out . lord croft ( step closer ) what 's wrong with that dial ? pilot # 2 we have lose primary power , sir. ( beat ) she 's go down . his jaw slacken , Lord Croft stare out the windscreen ... lord croft good god. Pov - lord croft through a sudden break in the cloud appear two oncoming mountaintop . a unavoidable obstacle . ext . croft jet - continuous the aircraft continue its inexorable course right between two craggy peak ... shear off the entire left wing ! int . croft jet - continuous Chaos ensue as the jet begin a slow barrel roll , empty overhead bin and closet . Lady vivian cradle lara tightly to she bosom , shield she daughter as best she can before -- -- smaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaash ! the jet slam into the ground with such force the fuselage crack in several place . a piece of the fuselage strike Lady vivian in the head ! ext . croft jet - continuous plow across the snowy terrain like a runaway train -- obliterating all tree in its path -- the jet finally come to precarious rest , upside down , bridge a deep chasm . int . croft jet - continuous cu - lara hang upside down in she seat . unconscious . craaaaaaaaak !!! the already split fuselage break further under the strain of its own weight . this rouse lara , who struggle to orient herself . her eye focus in on she mother crumpled and bleed . lara unbuckle she safety belt and fall to the invert ceiling . scramble through the chaotic cabin lara desperately cradle she mother . lara mother . mother please . please be okay . Lady vivian 's eye flicker with die life . lara ramble : lara ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . I should have pick someplace else . we never should have come here . never , ever ... Lady vivian reach a tremble hand up to lara 's face , gently wiping away the tear streaking down she flushed cheek . lady vivian always follow you dream , dear . ( last breath ) always ... Lady vivian expire in she daughter 's arm and lara 's sobbing give way to a emotional torrent of tear until -- -- craaaaaaaaak !!! the fuselage break further , threaten to snap the jet right in half . jolted from she misery , lara peer out the jet window with wide eye : Pov - lara it 's a 1000 stomach - turn foot to the bottom of the chasm . back to scene lara hear the sound of a man groaning somewhere near . lara father ! ? int . croft jet - cockpit - continuous lara rush into the upend cockpit where both pilot hang dead in they seat -- the windscreen have be shattered . lara see she father 's foot , he body cover with a collapse section of the interior . lara Father can you hear I !? lara frantically extricate she father , who be groan in pain from the compound fracture of he leave leg . lord croft vivian ... where 's my vivian ? -- craaaaaaaaak !!! the fuselage break further , increase the incline inside the doom jet . lara come on , we have get to get you out ! lara start help she father up towards the windscreen . push he through the jag orifice , lara watch she father topple safely onto the snowy chasm bank . lara start out herself , then smartly realize : lara ( cont 'd ) supplies . we need supplies . move back to the closet , lara start gather essential ( ie : medkit , skis , flare gun , etc . ) all the while the metal fuselage whine under the tremendous strain ... portend -- -- craaaaaaaaak !!! this break cause lara to fumble the flare gun . hanging on , she strain to reach the weapon ... lord croft ( o.s. ) lara get out !!! stretch that extra inch , lara secure the flare gun . ext . himalayas - continuous all the supplies , flung through the windscreen , land in the snow around Lord Croft , who 's anxiously watch for ... lara dive through the windscreen as the jet snap in half ! she tuck & roll safely in the snow , show off some well - hone gymnastics move . together , lara and Lord Croft watch in stunne silence as the jet fuselage crack once more and , with she dead mother aboard , plummet into the chasm . lara step right up to the dangerous edge , tragic witness to the jet exploding in a fireball when it hit rock bottom . time CUT to : ext . himalayas - as night sets in track a long path through the snow to Lord Croft bundle up atop a toboggan / litter fashioned from skis . slowly pull she father along in the knee deep snow , lara be battle hypothermia and fatigue as a light snow fall . lara ( mutter repeatedly ) we will be fine ... we will be fine . hauling she father up a slight grade , what 's leave of lara 's strength be put to the test . as she feel herself reach a break point , lara 's " we will be fine " mantra just get louder -- she 's run on pure will power now . finally , just as she crest the grade , about to collapse , lara spot a monastery in the near distance below . lara almost smile . lara ( cont 'd ) we be gonna make it ! her spirit refuele with hope , lara get a second wind . pull she father along with hopeful urgency ... until a animal growl in the surround shadow stop she cold . arming herself with a flashlight , lara scan the area : Pov - lara the flashlight find a blood trail lead from she father 's leg to a pair of snow leopard lurking amongst the tree . back to scene lara quickly fire a flare ... which spiral into the tree , only spook the animal momentarily . as the leopard advance with hungry eye , lara start pull she father as fast as she leg will carry they to the monastery before ... a 20 ' precipice suddenly appear in she path ! nearly rush blindly off the edge , lara and Lord Croft survey they option : predator behind they , a dangerous jump ahead . lara ( cont 'd ) Father ... I do not know what to do . lord croft save yourself , lara . everything we have work for ... you mother and I . you be all we have leave now . lara eye the snow leopard move slowly in for the kill . lara I can not leave you like this ! lord croft I can not make it , lara . you can . ( implore ) you must . forced to act fast , lara dump all she supplies in a pile at she foot . with focus , unblink eye she rapidly examine all she resource before grab up two item ... cu - a flare be snap in half . keeping one eye on the snow leopard , lara cleverly spread the flash powder into a semi-circle around she father . and just as the snow leopard lope into swift attack -- -- whoooocosh ! lara ignites the powder with a lighter . the waist - high wall of FIRE keep the leopard at bay . for now . lord croft ( cont 'd ) that 's my girl . lara kneel beside she father , clutches he hand in hers . lara I will get help , Father . before this fire die out , I swear to you . Lord Croft watch as lara move away from the precipice , measure she step all the way back to the fire wall . exhaling slowly , lara gather herself . hand fall to she side ; a gymnast before she routine . then , with quick , precision step ... lara sprint for the edge and leap ! new angle lara soar through the air with the grace of a eagle . but she land hard , somersault several time in the snow . immediately she cry out in pain , she knee badly injure . gritting she tooth , lara glance back at the dwindling flare FIRE protect she father from the leopard ... then start crawl towards the wooden monastery gate ahead . int . monastery - night Inside the ancient stone building a spry monk , karak ( 50 ) , break he reverent meditation at a small shrine . his wise eye search the candlelit shadow -- something be amiss . with uncertain purpose karak move to the nearest window where he see : lara inching through the snow . ten foot from the monastery gate before finally succumb to exhaustion . ext . himalayas - moment later a group of monk , lead by karak , circle around to the precipice froma hide , sloping ridge . the monk bang pot & kettle , successfully scare away the snow leopard . karak be the first to arrive at Lord Croft 's side . he bend over the motionless man , listen for a heartbeat . after a moment , karak slowly raise he head . his eye tell the sad story as the flare fire quietly die out . dissolve to : prelap the sound of drum , trumpet and bell . ext . monastary courtyard - next day the storm have clear . a tibetan funeral ceremony in progress . Lord Croft 's body be swathed in a white robe atop a altar . a handful of monk circle the dead man , perform the exorcism ritual Lady vivian describe earlier . reveal - lara watch the ceremony from a distance , off by herself . as one of the monk fervently bang he drum -- a replica of she parent ' souvenir -- over she father 's head , lara turn away , unable to endure the tragic irony . int . monastery - day with view of both lara and the ceremony , karak turn away from the window , face a older monk at he side , tonpa . karak I can not explain it , tonpa , but I feel my path be be re-directed . tonpa you dream . karak yes ... this girl 's spirit be precious but fragile . she need guidance to fulfill she potential . tonpa go with she , karak . and fulfill you own potential . karak nod respectfully and head for the courtyard . ext . monastery courtyard - continuous lara limp along the monastery wall as the ceremony continue . she stop , she back to we , and stare down the sheer cliff into the fog - enshroud valley below . circle around lara we reveal she face , she eye -- nearly catatonic with grief . melancholy classical music swell over the fade drum . as we pull back , lara inexplicably swan dive forward ... ... and splashes into a olympic-size indoor pool ! transition to : int . the croft estate - year later lara ( 29 ) , collect diving bell as part of a training regimen supervise by karak , now mid-60s . chyron : Hampshire , 1998 when lara finally break the surface with the last diving bell , karak click he stopwatch , eyebrow raise , impressed . karak two second better than last week . but you be push yourself too hard again . lara still breathe , be not I ? lara gracefully climb from the pool , show off a beautifully sculpt physique ... frustratingly wrap in a towel . this be no longer the lonely , precocious girl we meet 13 year ago ; lara have grow into a cool , physical young woman hide a scar heart that have never fully mend . karak follow lara inside the sparsely decorate grand manor , stop at a stereo setup surround by small mountain of CD . karak switch the somber classical music to hip hop . karak you need a vacation . Change of pace . I have take the liberty of provide a few option ... he catch up to lara , hand she some club mo brochure . karak ( cont 'd ) I have already speak with Ruth and caroline . they be very excited at the prospect . lara ( not in the mood ) I do not need another girl getaway . I just get so restless between job . you know that , karak . karak step in front of lara , indicate she wounded arm . karak lara , you still have not heal from you last " job . " which be less than three month ago . lara ( sigh ) seem like three year . karak you want to live on the edge , how about a nice trip to Los Angeles ? lara smirk , but make no commitment as she stride away . CUT to : ext . caribbean ocean - day a salvage boat float atop the choppy water off the coast of a distant island . chyron : Caribbean Ocean , near Barbados a gray-haire Scot , darby erickson ( 70 ) , anxiously adjust the oxygen tank on he -venezuelan diver , arturo ( 35 ) . darby remember arturo , the chest may be decaye . go eye open for the hardware . darby show a photo of a wooden chest with gold ornament . darby ( cont 'd ) the map tube will be somewhere in the vicinity , if I have calculate right . arturo nod , pull on he face mask . darby pat he on the shoulder , then watch he roll backwards off the boat . underwater follow arturo down 30 + meter through the teeming water to the remnant of a ancient shipwreck scattered over the coral floor . as arturo skim the rotting wreckage ... a giant moray eel lunge from a crevice flash razor tooth ! arturo contort he body to avoid the attack ... then continue on until he spot a glint of gold entrench in the coral . upon closer inspection it 's one of the gold ornament . arturo use a portable jetpulse to unsettle tne ocean floor . as the silt begin to settle , arturo finally locate a large , seal gold map tube half - submerge in the sand . int . salvage boat day cu - a map be delicately unroll by rubber- glove hand . darby ( 0.s. ) exquisite . perfectly preserve . reveal - darby & arturo huddle inside the tiny cabin , examine a century - old Spanish map atop a work table where the empty gold map tube now rest . the area chart be a crude representation of South and Central America . darby excitedly follow with one finger a marked trail inland from the coast to the ande Mountains . darby ( cont 'd ) there it be ... El dorado . arturo very dangerous terrain , Sir . darby do not worry , arturo . this old bloke be smart enough to know he limitation . ( slowly roll up map ) I know exactly who to call . evelyn ( prelap ) lara ! ? int . croft estate - day arrive amidst a cacophony of barking dog be lara 's unmarried maternal aunt , evelyn croft ( 60 ) , a grand dame of the London social scene who do not bother knock . Evelyn saunter into the expansive live room , which be fill with state - of - the- art gymnastics & training equipment . evelyn lara , where be you !? lara ( 0.s. ) come , aunt ev! lara , dress in workout gear , be in the middle of a exercise on the uneven bar . her perfect dismount be a backflip / half - twist ... landing a foot in front of a startle Evelyn . evelyn oh good God ! do not do that . lara I assume this be not a social visit . you be not wear you fur . Evelyn ignore lara , focus instead on all the equipment . evelyn I will never get use to this rubbish . ( melodramatic sigh ) oh , the party you mother use to throw in here ... black tie , gorgeous gowns ... such a travesty . Heard it all before , lara head for the kitchen . evelyn ( cont 'd ) where be you go , lara ? this be not a social visit , you know . int . croft estate - kitchen - continuous while lara make she favorite egg salad and pickle sandwich , Evelyn nosily inspect every kitchen cabinet and cupboard . evelyn grant , I be no longer you legal guardian . but I be still the only real family you have get . her back to Evelyn , lara mouth she aunt 's word in perfect lip sync along with she . clearly this be not a new speech . evelyn ( cont 'd ) I say nothing when you return from tibet with a strange monk ... and I bit my tongue when you turn that live room into a gymnasium . but you continual resistance to take responsibility of the family affair be become unacceptable . there be a absolute mountain of paperwork to be sign -- you know I never want this job . it be only out of respect for my dear brother -- lara finally turn to interrupt she aunt 's rant : lara I be sorry , aunt ev. I promise to catch up by you party next week . evelyn good then . that 's a start . Evelyn help herself to the other half of lara 's sandwich . evelyn ( cont 'd ) you seem awfully pallid , child . I hope this be not you regular diet . follow lara as she roll she eye , walk away from it all . evelyn ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I know ! how about a nice vacation ? Club Med , perhaps ? int . croft estate - lara' bedroom - that night clothes and book everywhere . photo of she and friend -- male and female -- at various event ( Charity Ball , wimbledon , etc . ) lara sit in the lotus position atop she bed cluttere with Club Med brochure . she 's watch " the African Queen " on tv while chat on the phone with some unseen lover . lara .».. I be not give you the duck again , Charles . I be just not in the mood for clubbing tonight . ( pause ; smirk ) let I remind you , I be a proper british girl . my ear be not suitable for such gutterspeak . ( beat ; teasing ) maybe I will call you tomorrow . lara hang up . unable to satiate she restless mind , lara wander to the bookshelf full of all that souvenir from she parent ' travel . when lara pick up the tibetan exorcism drum , we see that beneath the tough exterior she have fashioned for herself lie the vulnerability of a teen girl . but she reverie be break by she barking guard dog outside ! int . croft estate - security room - moment later karak watch one of many monitor which display constantly change image from surveillance camera around the estate . a London taxicab , idling by the front gate , currently have karak 's undivide attention as lara enter , concerned . karak we have a visitor . ext . croft estate - moment later the cab have vanish . lara and karak find arturo lie on the road outside the front gate of the estate . pull the man 's coat open , lara reveal he nasty abdominal wound . karak I will call a ambulance . as karak hurry away , arturo hand lara a hi-8 video . arturo this ...only for ... lara . int . croft estate - media room - later as lara cue up the hi-8 video in she top-of - the-line screen room , karak enter with dour news : karak the paramedics remove the body . this draw a exhale of remorse from lara . karak ( cont 'd ) I convinced the authority to wait until tomorrow for you deposition . lara hopefully this will have some answer . lara start the tape which play out on a projection screen . static turn to a wide tripod shot of darby erikson . lara ( cont 'd ) darby ... clutch the empty , gold map tube , darby pace a dimly light bungalow , speak to the camera nervously . darby ( on tape ) please forgive the melodrama , my dear , but I be certain the phone line here be not safe . you have hear of El dorado , the lose city of gold ? well , believe it or not , I actually find a map to the place . and it be authentic . darby point to the map , unfurl atop the nearby desk and illuminate by a special infrare lamp . darby ( on tape ) ( cont 'd ) how would I pull off this miracle , you ask ? use a 18th century weather chart I calculate a hurricane off Barbados about the same time a spanish galleon -- the San roque -- turn up miss in 1784 . ( deep breath ) that 's the good news . bad news be , turn out the aussie bloke who hire I be a second cousin to the Devil himself . I tell he I could not find the map but he do not buy it for a minute . and it 's only a matter of time before he track I down . which be where you come in , my dear . darby step closer to the camera , desperation in he voice . darby ( cont 'd ) now I know you be a cash up front girl , but if all the legend about El dorado be true , I be offer you a 50 - 50 split on what could be billion in gold . I should think that will do you charity Foundation right proud . arturo , at the far window , react to oncoming headlight . arturo someone 's come . darby act quickly , return the map to its gold tube . darby lara , I can not do this without you . if you be game , meet I on the 7th in curacao . I will be at the El Mar under the name flannigan . the sound of men approaching cause darby and arturo to urgently discuss evacuation plan in hushed tone . loud pounding on the door bring a warning : larsen ( o.s. ) OPEN up ! we know you 're in there ! reaction shot : lara and karak be on the edge of they seat . while darby climb out a side window , arturo shove the heavy dresser against the door but -- -- kablaaaaamblaaamblaaamblaam !!! the door and dresser splinter in a hail of shotgun blast . arturo go spin to the floor , wounded . what 's leave of the dresser and door be push aside as six aussies hefting 12 gauge pump - action shotguns enter the room . muscular , bald larsen , the most malevolent of the aussy , inform he unseen boss : larsen ( cont 'd ) the geezer get away ... a seventh man enter last . this be christian malvern ( 40s ) , a formidable , lantern - jaw Australian businessman . he calmly stroll through the debris over to the OPEN side window . larsen ( cont 'd ) Left he little troll behind , though . malvern turn he attention on arturo , who be writhe on the floor in pain ; a jag wood shard have impale itself deep in he abdomen . malvern loom over arturo , cruelly step down on the shard with he boot . reaction shot : karak look away in disgust ; lara stare on in anger , clutching the tv remote like a weapon . malvern tell I where I can find erikson . arturo grit he tooth in agony as malvern twist the shard . arturo ( hiss defiantly ) El dorado . malvern crouch by arturo . malvern here 's why I will not kill you . everything I do have a purpose , and whether you live or die mean absolutely nothing to I . ( stand ) I be not above suffer , however . in fact , I 'ma big fan of it . siren be hear approach in the distance . larsen bastard must have call the cop ! with he boot , malvern push the shard all the way into arturo , who wail in pain . as malvern stride for the door : malvern get you man out of here , larsen . larsen be the last one out of the room . he finally spot the hi-8 camera in the corner and fire he shotgun -- kablam ! the video cut to ominous static . lara stop the tape , stand . karak May I offer my opinion ? lara I already know you opinion , karak . int . croft estate - continuous karak insistently follow lara out into the live room . karak so many of you job become dangerous along the way . this one , I must say , look doom from the very start . take a impassion stand , lara turn to face karak . lara darby erikson be one of the best cartographer in the world . if it be not for he I never would have find the scion or the Dagger of xitan . now it 's my turn to help he . karak help he evade the Australian , or help he find El dorado ? lara why both , of course . karak you travel to the end of the earth . you risk you life at every turn . what be it you be look for , lara ? lara when I find it , I will let you know . as lara head upstairs , karak mutter to himself : karak hardly the vacation I have in mind . CUT to : Pov - unknown ( through telescope ) lara , dress in a sun dress and combat boot , ride she vintage norton motorcycle and pass a engrave stone sign , " cambridge university . " we hear male voice : voice # 1 ( 0.s. ) oh Christ , I do not think she 's wear a bra -- voice # 2 -- give I that ! voice # 1 get lose , you wanker ! pull back to reveal we be : int . cambridge laboratory - next day Three engineering egghead ( stuart , liam & wesley ) grapple over rights to the telescope , currently control by Stuart . stuart knock it off ! she 's come in ! all three young man scramble away from the window . while Stuart stashes the telescope , liam check he hair in a mirror and wesley quickly gargle in the sink . there 's a knock at the lab door , then lara enter smile ... lara how're my gadget boy do ? Pov - lara her " gadget boy " be now seat quietly at work station , engineering device per lara 's fax design sketch . they ad lib " hellos . " lara ( cont 'd ) sorry I be late . have to give a deposition ... lara stride over to Stuart , she attention already grab by the circular steel probe he 's still wiring . lara ( cont 'd ) just as I imagine it . Stuart turn one last screw , then pick up a remote control device , which when activate ... levitate the probe ! stuart do not have time to build it exactly to you specs . but I think you will like it . with Stuart control the probe 's micro airjet , it zip across the lab ... almost take the head off liam and wesley ! stuart ( cont 'd ) ( mischievous ) oops . sorry lad . impress , lara now eye the monitor on Stuart 's work station . Pov - lara the image on the monitor be a live shot from the remote probe as it fly through the air ... finally hover right behind lara ... then zooming in for a tight shot on she backside . lara ( 0.s. ) very clever , Stuart . back to scene liam confidently gesture lara over to he work station . liam mine 's even better , lara . come see . he show off a thin , lightweight chrome AIR tank with nozzle . liam ( cont 'd ) 80 ccs of emergency oxygen , just like you want . but , when you hit this little button here ... a six foot flame shoot from the tank ! nearly incinerate Stuart , who jump back in shock . liam ( cont 'd ) whoops . stronger than I think . lara pat liam playfully on the head . lara such a little firebug , be not we ? ( beat ) and what about you , wesley ? how do you get on with my shopping list ? wesley smile shyly at he work station where we see a spread of custom ammo . he breath -polish what resemble a thick silencer attachment , then screw it onto a retro-fitted gun . wesley multi-tasking compression assembly . accommodate custom piton , flare , harpoon and tranquilizer dart . wesley load one of the trang dart into the assembly . wesley ( cont 'd ) I know how fond you be of animal . suddenly spin like James bond , wesley level he gun on Stuart and liam who both duck below they work station . wesley ( cont 'd ) ( smile impishly ) psyche . lara excellent job . all of you . you flatter I with you brilliance . she lay a envelope stuff with pound note on the table . lara ( cont 'd ) hope this cover you tuition here for another semester . stuart beat the hell outta work Study . as lara collect she new gadget into a leather saddlepack : liam so lara , what be you gonna do with all this stuff ? lara Love to stay and chat , guy , but I have get to catch a early flight tomorrow . have what she want , lara start for the door ... but notice the forlorn face of she boy , who can not get enough of she . lara ( cont 'd ) alright , tell you what . soon as I get back we will all go out fora pint . any place you want . deal ? the boy all nod enthusiastically . and as soon as lara exit the lab , Stuart rush back to he hide place and grab the telescope ; within second , the three gadget boy be all squabbling again for control . time CUT to : ext . croft estate - night lara cruise through the open estate gate on she motorcycle . but halfway up the cobblestone driveway , lara slow she motorcycle -- all the light be out in the grand manor ! killing the cycle engine , lara cautiously dismount . lara karak !? the sound of the gate close behind she spin lara around . sense she 's about to be trap , lara run for the gate , reach they just as they close . suddenly feel vulnerable , lara rush back for she cycle to arm herself ... only to find she saddlebag of gadget have disappear ! a gunshot burst the front tire of she motorcycle ! lara duck for cover behind the bike , but a bright flashlight expose she . instinctively , lara sprint in the opposite direction , away from the light ... a blister volley of gunshot kick up grass and dirt all around lara , funnel she towards the elaborate hedgerow which border the north side of the estate . suddenly -- -- a large statue tip over near the hedgerow entrance ! lara dive sideways , somersaulting to safety ... or so she think -- -- another statue be nearly upon she from the other side , force lara to backflip out of the way . she steal a breath , only to see the statue 's face explode from gunfire ! off she go like a bullet herself ... inside the hedgerow lara creep along the gravel pathway , light only by small footlamps . all around she in the labyrinth she can hear footstep of unknown assassin somewhere amidst the 10 ' hedge wall . lara creep quietly , she eye unblink while maintain a nearly imperceptible breathe rhythm -- -- shtoooosh ! a long wooden spear jut through the hedgerow nearly impale she . lara jump back ... only to have a second spear block she path ! turn to run , lara react in mid-stride to yet another spear in front of she : she dive to the ground ... rolling her body lengthwise beneath six more jutting spear ... until she hit the end of the pathway . when the next spear jab from the hedgerow , lara be ready : she grasp it quickly with both hand -- surprising she unseen attacker -- and yank the spear from he ! see a assassin approach she with flashlight , lara get a run start down the connect pathway ... and use the spear to vault herself atop the hedgerow ! atop the border wall leap from the hedgerow up onto the 15 ' border wall , lara -- armed with the wooden spear -- now stand atop the stone border wall surround the property 's perimeter . a assassin ( with a flashlight ) come at she from one direction atop the border wall ... force lara to sprint the other direction . until another assassin up ahead on the border wall block she path . trapped again . as gunshot ring out lara examine she option : it 's a 15 foot jump down to the ground , where a rose garden will make for a very painful landing . with the assassin close in fast from both direction what will lara do ? CUT to : int . croft estate - security room - continuous on one of the monitor we watch lara snap off a short end of the spear over she knee , then jump towards a nearby power line and snagging it with the spear bit ... riding the incline like a zip - line safely down to she backyard ! reveal - karak watch the proceedings , sip a cup of tea . karak impressive . curiously , karak finish he tea and leave the room . ext . croft estate - backyard - continuous lara try each of the rear door . all lock . about to bust one of the window in with a patio chair , lara 's distract by a flashlight shine in she eye from inside the house . then , a ominous whooooshing sound overhead ... Pov - lara a large satellite dish fall from the manor roof ! hurtling right at lara ... back to scene lara dive out of the way , then watch incredulously as the satellite dish -- still attach to the roof by its thick cable -- pendulum right at she . just as lara drop to she knee , flashlight from both side of the backyard converge on she ... unless she can get back up onto the border wall , lara be seemingly trap once again . but as the satellite dish swing back at she , lara get a idea : timing she jump perfectly , lara hop onto the swinging satellite dish . and as four assassins close in below she , lara use the thick cable to expertly scale the side of the three story manor . on the rooftop lara relax for a moment , catch she breath ... then shocked to see still another assassin emerge from one of the attic window . avoid the glare of he flashlight , lara run to the edge of the roof . decision time . she can either jump for the guest quarter roof about 20 ' below she ; or , she can take she chance with the assassin advance behind she . take a deep breath , lara measure she step back from the roof edge . then , gather herself gymnast style ( as she do so many year ago in the himalayas ) , lara run full steam for the edge ... ... but bail out at the last second ! slide to a stop on the loose shingles ... and slip off the edge ! as lara dangle precariously from the rickety rain gutter : Pov - lara she peer down at the dangerous drop below , then up at the mask assassin stare at she from the roof 's edge . lara ( defiant ) I do not have the map ! and I will die before I sell out darby ! assassin how very noble . the assassin remove he black face mask ... revealing karak ! karak let I give you a hand . back to scene as the rain gutter start to give way , lara quickly grab onto karak 's hand for help back up onto the rooftop . lara ( brush herself off ) I should have know this be just another one of you masochistic test . karak High mark , I must say , until you pull back from this last jump . lara look away , ashamed . karak ( cont 'd ) you knee be fine , lara . it 's you memory that still hold you back . lara ( defensive ) and what if I would try the jump ? and what if I do not make it ? karak whistle with two finger to he lip . within second , all the outdoor flood light pop on around the property , revealing : a large AIR mat between the main house and guest quarter paint roughly to blend in with the grounds . karak believe I , every precaution be take . the gardening staff deserve a round of applause . lara stare down in amazement as the six member gardening staff all wave up at she , dress in they black assassin jumpsuit . the light have also expose the wire and pulley secretly rigging karak 's elaborate obstacle course : the two statue be be raise back into place on guidewire ; the bullet hole be all just a network of wire squib . karak ( cont 'd ) hopefully this give you a preview of what danger to expect in the Inca tomb you be determine to explore . lara ( soften a little ... ) could have do better if you have not snatch my saddlebag . karak you gadget be only that : gadget . when you life be on the line , lara , you will have to rely on you mind and body , not some contraption build by a smitten engineering student . in no mood for lecture , lara start for the attic window . karak ( cont 'd ) this house have become nothing more than a waystation for you , lara . I be hope someday you will realize you dream here . where it 's safe . ( beat ) relatively speak . lara finally turn back to karak , a admission of he wisdom : lara what would I do without you , karak ? karak walk up to she , look right into she eye . karak I shudder to think . a smile warm lara 's face as she pull karak into a tight embrace , bring a smile to he face as well -- clearly this man life for this infrequent moment . dissolve to : ext . hato INTERNATIONAL airport - curacao - day a lear jet touch down and taxi to a stop on the runway . lara be the pilot seat sport she signature mirror shade . int . EL mar HOTEL - day lara enter the modest , nautical theme lobby . behind the front desk be the quaint marina . lara move to the front desk inquire about " Mr. flannigan . " give instruction , lara head upstairs ... reveal - a bellboy overhear this conversation . walk across the lobby , he pick up a phone and dial a number he have scribble down on scrap paper . bellboy hello , Mr. malvern . you ask I to call and , well ... flannigan 's get a lady friend . ( beat ) I will let you know . int . EL mar HOTEL - corridor - day lara reach darby 's room and find a " do not disturb " sign hang on the doorknob . she knock gently . lara darby , it 's lara . no response . but she can hear the television on inside . lara check the door and find it surprisingly unlock . check both way first , lara draw a gun and push the door open . no ambush wait , so she slip inside ... int . EL mar HOTEL - darby' room - continuous the light be out but the tv be on , tune into a Spanish dub episode of " macguyver . " lara flick the light switch , turn on a desk lamp near the bed . the room have be completely ransacke . but that be not what take lara 's breath away ... reveal - darby sit up on he bed , shot at close range . frightened eye wide open , stare off into the void . after a moment to digest this nasty sight , lara take a seat on the edge of the bed . she grasp darby 's hand , feel he body temperature . lara do not worry , darby . I will see this one through for you . lara tenderly close the man 's eye . lara ( cont 'd ) say hello to my parent for I . rising , lara begin poke around the remain of the room . clothes , book , chart ... but nothing that resemble the map of El dorado . during she search lara hear a hissing sound . quickly scan the room , she notice something unsettle : cu - a plastique ckarge attach to the same electrical socket the lamp be plugge into -- the fuse apparently activate when she turn on the light ! a fuse second from detonation . new angle kabooooooom ! as a car blow up on " macguyver , " lara sprint past the tv to the balcony overlook the marina and leap ... ... j just as darby 's hotel room explode !!! ext . EL mar HOTEL - marina - continuous lara just clear some docking and splashes down in the marina . when she bob back up to the surface behind a boat , a crowd of gawker be already form outside the hotel . include the Bell Boy , who watch briefly from a balcony off the main lobby , then disappear back inside . ext . marina - later that night stand in a new change of clothes at a payphone on the pier , lara watch from a distance as local police and firemen sift through the remain of the blow - out hotel room . Pov - lara the authority have so far only recover charree bone , be load into a coroner' truck in plastic bag . karak ( phone ) Croft residence . back to scene turn away from the ugliness , lara react to karak 's voice on the other end with a relieved sigh . lara well karak , I hate to say you tell I so but ... I do not want you to worry when you see the news about the explosion at the El Mar . intercut with : int . croft estate - media room - day karak be seat in the dark room watch CNN on the big screen tv . utilize picture-in-picture mode he 's also simultaneously watch four other local and international news service via satellite . karak quickli mute the tv . karak ( feign indignation ) I never watch television . lara roll she eye knowingly . lara right ... anyway , whoever murder darby and take he map probably think they kill two bird with one stone . but it 's go to take the authority down here a while to sort out the mess . which busy I some time to catch up with the bastard . lara react to the warning whistle from a nearby ferry boat . lara ( cont 'd ) gotta go . I be take a ferry to the mainland . I will ring you later . karak ( phone ) May I offer my opinion ? lara go ahead . I be listen . but lara let the payphone receiver dangle off the hook . grabbing up she backpack , lara rush to catch she ferry . hold on the receiver as we hear karak express he paternal point of view . CUT to : a bell boeing 609 prop plane descend vertically from the sky like a helicopter . the roar of its twin tilt - rotor kick up a massive dust STORM . we be : ext . francisco do orellana , peru - day a small village situate in the tropical low jungle of the amazon basin and surround by a dense forest of cedar , rubber and cinchona tree . like San Francisco during the gold rush , this be a place of dangerous desperation ; the scant populace wait for the next opportunity to scam a naive explorer in search of the fable golden city , El dorado . chyron : Francisco de orellana , Peru malvern 's well - armed battalion of six aussy exit the boe 609 . last one off be malvern himself , now dress for safari . he carry darby 's gold map tube like a weapon . malvern survey the one street town of supply shop and cantinas -- all the local be stare at he expedition with cautious but hopeful eye . malvern ( to larsen ) buy up all the supplies in town . if we do not need it , burn it . larsen flick he gold lighter with a flourish . larsen with pleasure . Pov - unknown look through a dirty window someone watch larsen light malvern 's cigarette as he goons blanket the town . we hear a radio broadcast of a San Francisco Giants baseball game . reverse angle a dilapidate , Spanish - style stucco shanty with a ramshackle porch . peel paint letter across the window announce : " jungle guide - Boat or plane , good English , Cash only . " int . dodge's office - day meet nathaniel dodge ( 39 ) , a rugge , world - weary american ex - patriot work out of he cubby hole office on the main street . kicked back in he chair , foot on the cargo crate he call a desk , dodge sharpen a machete while he watch malvern approach . when the baseball broadcast give way to static , dodge bang he old hamm radio with the knife . dodge ( sotto ; be : malvern ) here come a new radio . the radio reception go all to hell when malvern push open the rickety screen door and just stand there , amusedly absorb dodge 's spartan existence . malvern well mate , since you be the only guide who speak English , I would say it 's you lucky day . ( beat ; extend hand ) Christian malvern . dodge lean forward , shake malvern 's powerful , weathered hand . dodge nate dodge . how lucky we talk ? malvern local say the wind up near Lake guaranita this time of year could snap the rotor off my birdie . dodge would not know . never be crazy enough to take one up there . malvern pull out a wad of cash and toss it in dodge 's lap . malvern ten grand sound crazy enough ? dodge can not resist hold the money , fan through the seductive stack of US dollar . dodge damn ... hate to ask how much you pay for you map ? malvern ( scrutinize ) and what map might that be ? dodge anybody who come here with they own militia , they have definitely get a map to El dorado . malvern smile : a deadly sign for he . malvern ( be : gold map tube ) believe I , Mr. dodge , this map come real cheap : cost of a bullet . dodge so that 's the go price now , huh ? malvern I can assure you there 's one difference between I and every other crackpot who 's waltze into this bunghole town : I do not waste my time on anything less than a sure thing . dodge keep play with the money , weigh he option . dodge it 's tempting , I gotta say . but it 's the sure thing that always turn out the bloodiest . tiring of dodge 's reticence , malvern check he watch : malvern either take my money or quit fondle it . I do not make offer twice . dodge hesitates , then flip the cash back to malvern . dodge think I will quit while I be still alive . malvern coldly eye dodge for a moment , then turn to leave . malvern if you call this live ... dodge Close the screen , would you ? ( beat ) keeps the bug out . after malvern ignore he , dodge loll he head back , already second guess himself . hear the radio static , he whacks the old hamm with a pinch more vinegar ; this time the reception clear , the game audible again . dodge smile . CUT to : ext . jungle road - day a beat up transit bus plod along a muddy dirt road which wind through intermittent jungle . a changeable sign across the front of the bus read : " iquito to francisco do orellana " int . bus - day find lara sit in a lotus position at the back of the half - fill bus , work intently on she customize laptop , bite she lip in girlish concentration . she have just finish upload darby 's hi-8 video onto she hard drive . cu - laptop : the digitize video play with stutter frame . darby ( on tape ) please forgive the melodrama , my dear , but I be certain the phone line here be not safe . you have hear of El dorado , the lose city of gold ? well , believe it or not , I actually find a map to the place . and it be authentic . the video camera pan as darby indicate the map , unfurl atop the desk and illuminate by a special infrare lamp . back to scene lara freeze frame the video and employ a sophisticated zoom & enhance feature which actually bring the distant , blurry map into up - front focus . lara smile victoriously . lara ah-ha . lara hear tittering and look up to see all the local kide on the bus turn around in the seat . stare at she with fascinate eye . ext . francisco do orellana - short while later the stop bus pull away ... revealing lara stand in the middle of the one street town , backpack at she foot . follow lara as she throw she bag over one shoulder and walk towards a smoke plume curiously snake into the air . allong the main street be " cerrado " sign in every shop window . the town feel strangely desert , except for the cantina , where a handful of local suck on cerveza -- as lara pass , naturally the conversation stop , all eye fix on she . temo ( 25 ) , a shifty - eye local , be the first to he foot and make a beeline for lara , flash he cherubim smile . temo senorita need guide ? lara keep walk , project disinterest very well . lara I be tell in iquitos you would have everything I need to go up river . temo you two hour late . everyone here buy out . but if you hire temo as guide , I get you supplies . lara finally stop , turn around and face temo . lara very persistent , be not you , temo . how much ? temo size lara up . very much like what he see . temo for you ...? only five hundred . american . temo carry everything . temo graciously take the backpack from lara . dodge ( 0.s. ) save you money ! reveal - dodge , beer in hand , lean against the cantina door , wear a know smirk . dodge ( cont 'd ) probably save you life , too . temo do not listen to dodge . he 's only jealous cause I here first . dodge sip he beer , saunter towards lara and temo . dodge as far as scam go around here , temo 's get a pretty decent one . once you get up river he will sell you to the bandito for fair market value . then trade you lingerie for a one nighter in iquitos . lara look at temo , who shake he head adamantly . lara how very entrepreneurial . ( to dodge ) but what 's to say you be not part of the scam as well ? dodge finally reach lara and temo , enjoy the last swig of he beer before he respond . dodge because I do not swipe you bracelet . lara suddenly realize she diamond tennis bracelet be go . temo drop the backpack and take off ... acting quickly , lara scoops up she backpack , take a couple step after temo ... then spin and hurl the bag like a discus thrower ! hitting temo in the leg , trip he up . before temo can scramble back to he foot , lara stomp one of she hike boot down on he back , pin he under . lara do not make I search you . I have not have my rabies shot . fumble a hand through he pocket , temo hold up the bracelet -- lara kick he hand , send the bracelet into the air , where she catch it with ease . lara ( cont 'd ) alright temo , game 's over . temo pick himself up , dust himself off . but before he leave , he curse and spit in the general direction of dodge , who 's get a good chuckle out of this incident . lara ( cont 'd ) so what 's you angle , dodge ? dodge meander over to lara , clearly intrigue by she . dodge twinge of conscience . it will pass . lara be that so ? dodge Truth be I have see a lot of crazy people come through here . but I have never see anybody burn all the supplies in town just to throw off follower . he indicate with a head gesture the smoldering remnant of a bonfire in the dirt clear near they . dodge ( cont 'd ) I be guess you be chase he map . lara get my own copy actually . dodge you seem to handle yourself pretty well , but a lot of people head up into that mountain look for El dorado . most of they never come back . undeterred , lara re-heft she backpack and walk towards dodge 's '' jungle guide ... " office right across the main street . lara I take it this be you fine establishment ? she glance back to dodge . dodge the " good English " give I away ? lara open the screen door , but stop before enter . lara enough foreplay . what to do you say we get down to business ? dodge what make you think I want the job ? lara where there 's a twinge , there 's still hope . lara disappear inside , leave dodge to ponder he next move with a uncertain smile . CUT to : ext . napo river - day aerial view of this slow - move river which serpentine through the dense peruvian vegetation . find a weathered trawler boat chugge along upstream through a light fog . ext . dodge's trawler - day lara , clad in a wind - breaker to keep the mid-morn mist at bay , explore the narrow deck , take in the row of sun- bleach alligator jaw nail to the exterior cabin wall . lara not exactly the Love Boat , be it ? dodge , steering the trawler from inside he small cabin , take he eye off the river ahead for only a moment . dodge Black caiman . largest gator in the world . just one of the many obstacle between you and El dorado . ( call out in Spanish ) watch this bend for silt pile ! dodge's boatmen ( carlos , luiz and paolo ) be bent over the front railing , work 20 ' long pole . probe the river and shoreline ahead . carlos gesture to " stay right . " int . trawler cabin - continuous lara wander into the cramped quarter decorate with strange curio and fade polaroid from dodge 's numerous jungle tour . lara make this trip a few time , have you ? dodge this river may be the safest way into ecuador , but the napo be no easy woman . you have get to take she slow , be real gentle . or she will grind you up and spit you out . lara be not you the romantic . dodge forget romance . you gotta be a realist down here . the search for El dorado be a fool 's errand . 400 year and million of dollar have produce nothing but a impressive list of fatality . lara I have read all the storey . but just because no one 's find El dorado , do not mean it 's not out there . dodge let I tell you a story you probably do not know . about ten year ago this National geographic cover boy come down here with a sure - fire map and six - figure trust fund . predicted he would find El dorado in a week ... lara ( finish he story ) ... three year later he would lose he money and he reputation . this draw a surprised look from dodge . lara ( cont 'd ) I remember read about this poor chap when I be at Cambridge . he look much different then . quite dash , actually . always wonder what happen to he . both of they know exactly who they be talk about . with a begrudge smile , dodge turn he eye back to the river . dodge I will tell you what happen . he wise up . finally figure out he be better off sell the dream than buy into it . all three boatmen start shouting urgently , but only carlos seem to speak English . carlo whirlpool ! whirlpool ! dodge quickly kill the trawler 's motor and warn lara : dodge better grab onto something sturdy ! as lara lock a arm around a cabin support pole , the boat start to drift sideways , catch in the strong cross -current responsible for the whirlpool loom ahead . lara can I help ? dodge yeah . do not move . lara roll she eye as dodge hurry from the cabin . ext . trawler - continuous as the trawler spin helplessly around , hold in the relentless spiral of the whirlpool 's vortex , dodge move to the front of the boat , yell instruction at he boatmen . dodge keep we off the shore ! follow he order , the boatmen work frantically to push the trawler to safety . but paolo 's pole be suddenly wrench from he hand by the vicious undertow ... throw the boatman off - balance and overboard ! carlos and luiz start shouting . dodge rush to join carlos and luiz at the railing , where they all stare into the swirl water until ... paolo resurface gasp for air ! dodge ( cont 'd ) the pole ! give he something to grab ! carlos and luiz extend they long pole towards paolo , who grab feebly for they , too distract by : a pair of black caiman alligator ! sense easy prey . but just as the first gator be about to reach paolo ... dodge whip out a serrate bowie knife and expertly throw the blade ... skewer the caiman in the head , kill it instantly ! but paolo be not out of trouble yet . he lose he grip on carlos ' pole as the trawler keep spin in the whirlpool . and the second gator be close in ... dodge ( cont 'd ) other side ! to compensate for the continual spin , dodge lead the two boatmen over to the other side of the trawler where : lara be already hang bravely over the edge of the deck , she leg clamp onto the railing . lara take my hand ! a floundering paolo reach up and grab onto lara 's hand while dodge and the two boatmen help pull they both to safety until ... the second caiman lunge up from the murky water -- cruuuunch ! massive jaw chomp down on paolo 's forearm ! lara and the three man topple backwards onto the deck as paolo 's awful scream gurgle away under water . sitting on she butt , lara finally realize she be still hold paolo 's severe hand ! disgust , she shake the limb loose . carlos and luiz move back to the railing , stare despondently down at the calming water where the caiman feed on paolo . dodge angrily pick up the hand and toss it into the river . dodge ( to gator ) might as well have the rest of it ! ( beat ; to lara ) add another name to the list . off lara 's concerned face , we ; CUT to : ext . lake guarantta - day at 6,000 foot overlook the lush valley below be a inactive volcano basin , half - fill with water . a singular wedge cut into one section of the rim be testament to some explorer 's long ago attempt to drain this mysterious lake . the water 's surface begin to ripple . the portentous sound of jet engine spoil the tranquility as malvern 's Bell - boe rise unevenly above the basin rim . larsen ( 0.s. ) this wind up here be nasty ! int . bell - boeing 609 - day pack with the seven aussy and they equipment . as larsen struggle to keep the plane steady , malvern , in the passenger seat , stare down transfix at Lake guaranita . malvern somewhere under that water be a secret worth billion . larsen gonna have to park this birdie down below , or we be go for a dip in that water right quick . malvern finally acknowledge larsen with a dismissive " do what you have to " gesture . back to : ext . napo river - day dodge 's trawler chug to a stop at the mouth of small but steep rapid . from inside the cabin dodge yell to boatmen : dodge ( 0.s. ) Drop anchor and rig the ramp ! ext . trawler - day sitting in she now - familiar lotus position under a tatter canopy at the back of the trawler , lara work on she laptop , examine the digitally enhance image of darby 's map . cu - laptop : upon closer inspection of the map we see the word " EL dorado " mark by a golden SUN symbol directly over a unnamed body of water . one of the sun 's ray extend curiously into the lake where a secret door have be draw . dodge ( 0.s. ) malvern say he kill for that map ... lara find dodge sneaking a peek over she shoulder . dodge ( cont 'd ) I be expect something more original . lara the man he murder be a dear friend . do not insult he memory by suggest this map be useless . dodge apology to you friend , but Lake guaranita 's not hide anything . you and malvern be both waste you time . lara maybe malvern , not I . since this map be make in 1523 , magnetic north have move four degree , give or take . that put this lake on the map approximately 90 meter north of Lake guaranita . that 's where I be go . dodge clever . one problem , though : there be not so much as a mud puddle in that direction for 200 mile . lara ( be : map ) the lake be go . a volcanic earthquake in 1814 drain the entire bas in . meaning this underwater door to El dorado be actually on dry land . lara shut down she laptop , load it into she backpack . dodge ( shake head , amused I have hear a lot of wild theory . that one take the cake . lara will not be daunt . lara admit it , dodge . all this talk about El dorado be get you excited again . you be think , " maybe this could be the one -- " dodge ( interrupt ; defensive ) -- the deal be I would take you up river . that do not mean I have to watch malvern and he goons gun you down . I do tour , not funeral . lara I have have more fun at funeral . lara heft she backpack and stride for the ramp . dodge follow she , start to feel guilty already . dodge look ... I would only slow you down . take luiz and carlos with you . they know the jungle better than I anyway . lara ( sarcastic ) another twinge of conscience ? dodge ( in Spanish ; to carlos ) go with the lady . first sign of trouble , bring she back here . lara ( in Spanish ; to carlos ) ignore he . come with I only if you would like to make some real money . carlos look at dodge , then nod to lara . he and luiz arm themselves with machete . they follow lara down the ramp . dodge ( to lara ) I will wait here until I hear gunshot , or until you make it back . whichever come first . otherwise it 's about a day 's walk back to the village . lara look over she shoulder at dodge for a parting salvo . lara I can not figure if you be more worried about my safety ... or the fact that I just might find El dorado . and put you out of business . not willing to answer that question , dodge watch lara confidently set off into the jungle with carlos and luiz . time CUT : ext . ecuador jungle - day the blaze sun above beat down on the rugge , semi-tropical terrain . Wild bird squawk incessantly throughout the canyon . pick up lara follow along a path cut by the machete of carlos and luiz . wiping the sweat from she face , lara remove she wind - breaker , stripping down to a tight halter top ; a detail that do not go unnotice by carlos and luiz . suddenly , the sound of distant uzi FIRE shatter the relative calm of the jungle . lara and the boatmen duck in the brush . lara wait here . lara pull out she dual pistol . follow lara as she traverse a narrow path through the tree , until she come upon : ext . malvern' base camp - day a cluster of tent form a semi-circle around the Bell - boe 609 park in a small clear . two of malvern 's man be laugh it up as they return to the camp with uzis and a bullet- ride peccary ( wild pig ) tie to a rope . in the brush lara gesture for carlos and luiz to join she ; they both look considerably more nervous than she as she thread the compression assembly into she pistol and load they with tranq dart . lara not very sport , hunt with uzis . somebody need a lesson in nature appreciation . lara boldly walk into the camp , surprising the aussy , who drop the peccary and reach for they gun . but lara carefully take two - fisted aim on both aussy , then fire she pistol simultaneously -- -- shtut ! shtut ! the dart pierce each aussie 's neck , crumpling they instantly to the ground . follow lara as she wave carlos and luiz into the base Camp . lara ( cont 'd ) ( to carlos and luiz ) look for juice , chocolate . anything sweet . carlos and luiz have no idea why , but they obey . at the bell - boeing lara unlatch the engine hatch . she remove the interrupter cam and shove it into she backpack . carlos emerge from a nearby tent with a plastic bottle of honey . lara ( cont 'd ) excellent . lara open the bottle of honey , walk over to the unconscious aussy and start dousing they in the sticky , sweet stuff ... carlos and luiz be utterly confound . lara ( cont 'd ) by the time they wake up , they will be cover in fire ant . ( smirk ) like to see they shoot they way out of that one . carlos translate for luiz , and they both smile too , envision the unpleasant outcome . ext . ecuador jungle - day further up the trail , lara follow carlos and luiz , both still hack away with they machete . but something catch lara 's eye : clump of recently dig earth in a pattern . lara get down on she knee and carefully push the dirt aside , revealing a ap land mine . lara stop guy ! now ! carlos stop , look back . but luiz keep walk , chopping away until ..- kaboom ! ext . lake guaranita - continuous the aussy , complete the set - up of a elaborate diving operation on the lake , be alert by the distant explosion . malvern one of the mine . larsen , apply sunblock , grab a pair of binoculars . Pov - larsen ( through binoculars ) we scan the jungle path near the base camp , settling on the blast remain of a peccary . larsen ( 0.s. ) just a peccary . malvern ( 0.s. ) a what ? back to scene larsen bloody pig . but malvern do not appear entirely convinced . malvern have base Camp check it out . ext . ecuador jungle - moment later lara watch , wait for the glint of larsen 's binocular in the sun to disappear before she step from the underbrush . lara stand over the bullet -riddle peccary from malvern 's camp ( laid cleverly over the explode mine . ) lara let 's hope that fool they . lara move to luiz 's dead body where carlos be already kneele beside he dead friend in prayer . lara ( cont 'd ) you be close with he ? carlos look up , hold back he emotion . carlo my cousin . lara kneel down beside carlos , lay a sympathetic hand on he shoulder . lara I be very sorry , carlos . if you want to go back , I understand . but I must keep go . carlo ( stand , determine ) no . I will go with you . for luiz . lara nod and hand he one of she pistol . dissolve to : ext . lake guaranita - later that day malvern stand atop the lake rim take out he impatience on a cigarette . he 's stare down at the fully assemble diving platform float off the near shore . larsen , white sun-block smear on he nose , be seat nearby on a fold - out chair read a issue of " cosmopolitan . " the headline on the cover : " show , do not tell . " larsen ( to malvern ) do you know that 63 ' of woman be multi-orgasmic ? it 's just not fair . a diver break the surface and confer with a second diver on the platform . the second diver give malvern a " thumb down " signal , prompt malvern to angrily snuff out he cigarette butt . malvern larsen , what the hell kind of people do you hire ? the diver be incompetent , base Camp be suddenly incommunicado , and you be read a goddamn magazine ! in a flash of he temper , malvern kick the magazine from larsen 's hand . larsen pick up he walkie-talkie and bark a warning : larsen ( into walkie ) listen up you dickhead , do not make I come down there . ext . malvern' base camp - day larsen 's drop threat finally revive one of the aussy from he tranquilize slumber ... it take he a moment to realize he 's cover from head to toe in FIRE ant ; he turn he head to see that aussie # 2 be laid out next to he in the same predicament . as the searing bite register with he central nervous system : aussie # 1 ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! ! ! ext . lake guaranita - day larsen hold the walkie away from he ear as the scream of both aussy nearly burst he eardrum . larsen what the hell ...!? malvern peccary my ass . while larsen keep bark threat into the walkie , malvern pick up the binoculars and start scan the surround valley , sweeping from base Camp northward . malvern ( cont 'd ) we have get company . Pov - malvern ( through binoculars ) in the adjacent , enclose basin below , lara use a hand - hold scanning device while carlos watch she back , pistol draw . malvern ( cont 'd ) two of they . girl 's get what look like a spectrometer ... back to scene malvern slowly lower the binocular , have a epiphany . malvern ( cont 'd ) she 's look for volcanic gass ... another entrance . ( to larsen ; urgent ) get two man back to base Camp . the other two be come with I . ext . volcanic fissure - day lara 's spectrometer register high level of sulfuric acid over a narrow fissure . lara ah-ha . CUT to : complete darkness . then ... a rustle . a snap -- whoosh ! a burst of control chemical flame . a flare cast light on lara and carlos , who proceed cautiously . we be : int . volcanic fissure - day a few yard into the fissure , the wall become smooth , line with tell - tale stone formation . lara ( be : stonework . ) incan . early 16th century . look how perfect the seam be ... the gently - sloping path be abruptly close off with a immense stone slab . lara scan the area and notice a wall lever . lara ( cont 'd ) not much choice , be there ? carlos shake he head warily as lara pull the lever . unseen gear grind , portend trouble . but finally , the slab slide out of the way ... revealing a small antechamber . int . antechamber - day lara cautiously lead carlos into the non-descript room . as soon as carlos step on the center tile ... slaaaam ! the stone slab shut behind they . flare in hand , lara quickly search the room . no lever anywhere . but there be notches carve into the wall ... lara this way ! lara pull carlos back against the wall without notches as : the floor slide open beneath they ... but only halfway ! lara ( cont 'd ) a airlock . very ingenious . carlo Air lock ? lara like a submarine . this cavern use to be at the bottom of a lake . have to keep the water out . lara peer down the vertical shaft below they . with the flare she can see a few more notched step in the stone wall ... but the rest have be destroy by another fissure . lara ( cont 'd ) can not climb down ... lara drop the flare down the shaft to gauge its depth . about 50 yard before -- fssssst . the flare hit a pool of water and extinguish . carlo I do not swim . lara no problem . I always come prepare . lara hook a wire from she belt winch to a piton , then load the piton into she compression assembly pistol . firing the piton into the shaft ceiling , lara step off the antechamber 's half - floor and dangle beside carlos . lara ( cont 'd ) let I get down a way , then grab onto the cable yourself . carlos nod apprehensively , watch as lara lower herself deeper into the shaft , scan the wall with she flashlight . swallow he fear , carlos reach for and grab hold of the cable ... slowly lowering himself down behind lara . lara 's flashlight expose a series of hieroglyphics carve onto the shaft . they appear to be a warning of some kind . show blade that will cut in half any tomb raider who venture down the shaft without step in one particular notch ... which lara realize she 's already pass . lara ( cont 'd ) oh dear . suddenly , cross -cutting blade slide from the shaft wall in several place ... nearly decapitate carlos and almost sever lara 's leg ! they cable cut , they both plummet the last 20 yard into the pool below , scream all the way down . int . subterranean cavern - day lara and carlos splash down then quickly break up through the surface of a small reservoir . carlos splashes around , no swimmer . but lara stand , show the water only come to she chest . lara there 's a step here . but as carlos paddle onto the step , lara 's flashlight reflect off of dozen of beady eye surround they . carlo ( with dread ) rat . lara aim for the eye . the chamber be quickly fill with the echoes of gunfire as lara and carlos ascend the underwater step , shoot rat when they get too close . the step lead to : int . mausoleum room - day follow lara and carlos as they enter a stun , vast subterranean cavern housing tower golden statue and two gold - adorned mausoleums build squarely in the middle of the chamber , face one another . carlo El dorado ? lara just the tip of the iceberg , if we be lucky . lara crack a couple flare and toss they throughout , illuminate the chamber in a eerie orange glow . carlos walk with awe towards a half-puma / half-man statue with emerald eye -- lara grab he hand before he touch one of the jewel . lara ( cont 'd ) careful , carlos . we be intruder here . anything could be a trap . lara walk cautiously to the center of the chamber , stand between the two mausoleum entrance . lara ( cont 'd ) look like a royal burial chamber for the last incan king , manco . with she flashlight lara examine the two different statue atop each mausoleum . lara ( cont 'd ) theses statue represent two of the primary god of the Inca religion . mama kilya , the mother moon ; and ilyapa , the thunder god . carlos join lara , peer nervously down the ominous stairwell lead into one of the mausoleum . lara ( cont 'd ) I would wager that manco 's wife be guard by kilya , and he firstborn son sleep under ilyapa . carlo where be manco ? lara turn she flashlight on a enormous pair of double door at the far back wall . above the double door be a immense golden SUN carve into the stone . lara that sun represent inti , the sun god . my guess be manco be bury behind that door . carlo ( hopeful ) maybe El dorado be behind there , too . lara could be . certainly , no need to disturb this other tomb ... carlos follow lara back towards the massive double door . but lara stop he with a warning hand . lara ( cont 'd ) better stay back . I have a feel they have not roll out the red carpet for we . lara toss carlos she backpack , then slowly approach the door to manco 's tomb , which appear to be hermetically seal . carve into both door be keyhole . lara ( cont 'd ) knife , please . carlos pull a knife from lara 's backpack and flip it to she . bite she lip in concentration , lara try to jimmy one of the keyhole ... until the floor beneath she foot start to pivot ! carlos jump back in fear . maintain she composure , lara skid down the now - angle section of floor ... turn and stab her knife into the floor , hold on with both hand as the floor continue to rotate . Pov - lara the sub-chamber be fill with skeleton impale on blood incrusted spike ! back to scene as the floor rotate , lara dangle inch above the jag spike , she grip on the dagger slip ... one hand fall away ... but now the floor rotate back to its original position and reset itself . spare lara the fate of many unprepare tomb raider before she . lara ( cont 'd ) that be fun . jaw drop , carlos remember to breathe again . lara ( cont 'd ) look like we have to pay a visit to mommy and junior after all . see about some key . int . tupac' mausoleum - stair - day carlos nervously follow lara down the narrow stair . lara I have find that trap usually reflect how the entombed live ... and die . manco 's son , Prince tupac amaru , be kill by Spanish conquistadors . he be behead then burn at the stake . carlo ( gulp ) I will wait here . carlos wisely stop midway down the stair . int . prince' tomb - day stepping down off the final stair , she eye wide and alert , lara enter tupac 's tomb with only a flashlight . the rectangular room appear harmless : a ornately carve sarcophagus raise on a stone pedestal . one more step , though , and the stair behind she suddenly retract into the wall with a resounding thud ! carlos be kneele at the edge of the stair where there be now a 15 ' drop down into the tomb . carlo you okay ? lara Fine . just get a rope ready . that can not be the worst of it . as carlos pull a rope from lara 's backpack , lara notice that black liquid be ooze up into the room from a sub-area previously block by the stair . lara inspect the liquid . lara ( cont 'd ) oil ... better hurry with that rope , carlos ! lara hop up onto the stone pedestal to keep away from the rise oil , which curiously stop flow once the room be cover with a one foot layer of the black ooze . not sure what to make of this , lara return to the task at hand . use all she strength , lara push the heavy lid of the sarcophagus ... inside of which she find a bejeweled key rest on the Prince 's mummify chest . but when lara take the key ... the sarcophagus start to lower into the oil ! insert shot : flint stone on the back of the sarcophagus scrape the wall and spark as it lower . the tomb burst into flame ! lara instinctively leap for the rope carlos have lower from the edge of the stair ... just catch it with she fingertip ! lara scramble up the rope -- which be burn behind she -- as two stone slat slide close from both side of the stairwell . the tomb be sealing itself up like a kiln ... with lara in it ! carlos grab hold of the rope and pull lara to safety just the tomb seal itself . again , carlos be emotionally spend . carlo do not say that be fun . lara mildly diverting . ( teasing carlos ) can not wait to see what mommy 's get in store for we . int . mausoleum room - day lara and carlos exit the Prince 's tomb and walk 20 ' straight across to the Queen 's tomb entrance . carlo I hate to ask but ...how do the Queen die ? lara you will want to wait on the stair . trust I . int . queen' tomb - day this time lara descend the stair more carefully while carlos watch on from midway up . with every step , lara scan the wall , the floor , the ceiling . when she reach the bottom of the step , she half - expect the stair to retract again ... but they do not . the Queen 's sarcophagus be set in a rectangular depression in the floor against the far wall . lara be now face with a long walk across the room , she every step echoing ominously . sweat start to bead on she forehead as lara search vainly for a sign of the trap to come ... finally , lara reach the depression and gently climb down next to the sarcophagus . she drop to she knee and inspect every inch of the coffin : no sign of a trap . so lara cautiously test the lid , which be carve in the shape of a beautiful woman -- -- spike shoot from the hand , eye , and mouth on the lid ! the lid itself then spring upright on its lateral hinge , right at lara ... who jump backwards against the depression wall just enough so that the spike stop millimeter from she torso and face ! suddenly , loud grinding can be hear behind the main tomb 's side wall ... which now start close in above lara ! a quick check of the distance back to the stair tell lara she will never make it before be squash ... or seal into the rectangular depressicn with the Queen 's mummy ! so lara mule-kicks the sarcophagus lid above the hinge ... which crack and send the lid smash back onto its rest place atop the sarcophagus . now lara run to the back of the sarcophagus and slide the lid forward ... until it teeter on the front edge of the sarcophagus , then tilt to the floor . this leave one end of the lid point at the ceiling ( just above the lip of the depression ) and the other end of the lid touch the floor . in a flash -- with the tomb side wall get closer each second - lara grab the second key from the Queen 's mummy , then hop over the tilt lid , climb out of the rectangular depression and make a run for it across the main tomb floor . reaction shot : carlos have he hand over he eye , watch through he finger as : the wall continue to close in tighter . but moment before lara be crush ... the wall stop ! lara look back , pleased to see : the raise end of the sarcophagus lid have stop the wall from close further . her plan work -- -- cruuuuuunch ! the lid buckle and crack under the extreme pressure . the wall lurch to life again ! lara start run ... the path back to the stair get ever more narrow ... force lara to run side -step now ... cu - the sarcophagus lid be about to be pulverize ! lara sense the end and execute a mid-air twist / reverse round off stick she landing three step below carlos just as the wall slam together . carlos shake he head . carlo you be not human . lara I will take that as a compliment . lara lean over to dust herself off , but find she can not : the wall have close on the end of she ponytail . lara ( cont 'd ) knife , please . carlos flip she the knife again . then he watch lara cut herself free , lose a inch or two of hair . lara ( cont 'd ) need a trim anyway . as they start up the stair , carlos walk backwards , rambling nervously to lara as she ascend with he . carlo I never see anything like this . all this trap . and still the King 's tomb to go . how can we ever make it to El dorado ? lara as long as we stick together we just might get out of here alive . as they reach the top of the step lead back to the mausoleum room . carlos stop , gasp . lara ( cont 'd ) carlos ? carlos slump forward , shot from behind ! lara prop up he dead body for a moment , then duck as the mausoleum wall erupt under silence sniper fire . lara grab back the pistol she leat carlos and unholster she own . after she pull on she backpack , lara make the sign of the cross over carlos ! body . lara ( cont 'd ) Rest in peace , my friend . then she sprint out of the Queen 's tomb ... int . mausoleum room - continuous dodging a flurry of bullet , lara run and shoot she gun , then dive and roll behind the Prince 's tomb . two aussie sniper continue to shoot in she direction , lara put down she gun and take the airtank / flamethrower from she backpack . CUT to : ext . ecuador jungle - day luiz 's corpse lay on its back in the brush . reveal - dodge stare down at he former boatman with a sad look of frustration . dodge why do they never listen to I ? dodge hear footfalls in the jungle . larsen and two other aussy approach . he take one last look up towards Lake guaranita and mutter : dodge ( cont 'd ) good luck , lara . you be gonna need it . as dodge start jogging back towards the napo river , we go ; back to : int . mausoleum room - day the aussie sniper walk out of the shadow search for lara . they walkie talkie squelch to life . malvern ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) I hear shot . talk to I . aussie # 3 I drop the monkeyman . now it 's the girl 's turn . aussie # 4 we will let you know when it 's safe . the two sniper hear a hissing noise and see the flicker light of a control flame on one side of the Prince 's mausoleum . they approach the light from opposite side and leap out of hide simultaneously and FIRE -- -- the airtank explode into fiery metal shard ! take out both aussie sniper . a beat . then lara drop down from atop the Prince 's mausoleum , landing next to the dead man . CUT to : ext . volcanic fissure - continuous walkie - talkie in hand , malvern stand over the fissure , peer down into the darkness . malvern what happen !? cutler ! garrett ! lara ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) next time do not send boy to do a girl 's work . off malvern 's incredulous face , we go ; back to : int . manco' tomb - day the massive double door creak open revealing lara , a look of anticipation on she face . we be : int . grotto - day lara walk into a impossibly beautiful grotto with a massive vault ceiling , the centerpiece of which be a shallow reflecting pool surround by a dozen pillar at least two storey high -- -- whuuump ! the double door have slam shut behind lara . on the far side of the grotto lara find a ornate entranceway block by solid gold SUN ray . but the gap between ray be not large enough to crawl through . so lara pull out she video probe with remote control device ( and mini view screen ) . activate the airjet - power probe , lara send it float inside the dark burial chamber . cu - remote mini - screen : inscribe on all the wall be painting tell of manco 's great deed . depiction of war win , incredible amount of gold amass . one painting show manco hold a black , vase -like object from which gold seem to flow . another painting find manco praying before the black , vase - like object set atop a glow shrine . lara navigate the probe over to the centerpiece of manco 's burial chamber : a round , solid gold sarcophagus . a spiral of hieroglyphics particularly interest lara , who start feed the image into she laptop database . she mentally translate the message on the sarcophagus ... lara you fool we all , do not you , manco ? suddenly , the whole grotto rumble . lara spin around to see : the water in the reflect pool be splash over the side ! the grotto be fill up at a astonish rate . lara shove the probe and laptop into she waterproof backpack . she run to the center of the grotto , scan the wall with she flashlight for a possible escape route . nothing . lara try to shimmy up one of the column , but it 's too wide . and she slip back down ... into water already neck deep ! lara ( cont 'd ) could have use that air tank about now . as the water level swiftly rise , carry lara closer to the ceiling , jagged spike extend from the ceiling ! lara ( cont 'd ) get to be a way out ... ( revelation ) or a way in . second from death by impale , lara take a deep breath and dive to the center of the reflect pool ... underwater lara search for and find a narrow inlet through which all the water be flow into the grotto . barely able to fit , lara squeeze inside , flashlight illuminate the way ... new angle lara be swim right at we , sloping upwards now . her eye wide with fear as she lung begin to shrink . determination turn to desperation as she abandon the flashlight to stroke with both hand . faster and faster ... into darkness ... ext . lake guaranita - dusk gasp for air , lara burst up through the surface of the lake , recognizable by the miss wedge in one side . malvern have abandon the diving platform and pull up stake . as lara paddle for the shore ... CUT to : cu - the bell - boeing engine be miss the interrupter cam ( a integral part of the ignition system ) that lara steal . larsen ( 0.s. ) bitch want to strand we out here . we be : ext . malvern' base camp - night larsen slam down the engine hatch . malvern shake he head , way ahead of the game . malvern you do not disable the ignition to strand we . you do it because you need a way back yourself . no one else seem to follow malvern 's logic , include aussy # 1 and # 2 , they expose skin pepper with swollen ant bite . malvern ( cont 'd ) clear out the camp . let 's see if we little rat take the bait . ext . lake hillside - night lara climb down the moderate incline , stop beneath a cinchona tree . she squeeze she hair out and re-braid it into a ponytail , then pull out a pair of customized night goggle from she backpack . scan the valley below : Pov - lara ( through goggle ) first point of interest : the napo river where dodge drop she off . the trawler be no longer moor near the rapid . scan further up river , lara spot dodge 's vessel half - way back to Francisco de orellana . lara pan the goggle to malvern 's base camp , which look invitingly desert . until lara flick on the thermal - view filter ... illuminate five body - heat auras , lurking in a near- perfect perimeter around the camp . back to scene lara smirk as she remove the goggle . lara Planning a little ambush , be we ? from she backpack , lara remove a spread pin . load it into she compression assembly pistol , lara take aim on a tree directly across from she by 50 meter -- a tree with root plant right near the Bell - boe . the spread pin shoot silently to the treetop and catch in a branch " vv . " lara tie off the wire end to she cinchona tree . use a hand trolley , lara start the long , precarious journey from tree to tree . new angle larsen be once again read cosmo , this time tally he point total on a questionnaire : larsen ( read analysis ) " buy he some viagra , he need help !? " ( toss magazine ) stink rag . twenty foot above he , lara shimmy along stealthily until : insert shot : the spread pin pull through the branch " V . " lara drop five foot as the wire go slack , then taut again ! the spread pin re-catch in another " V . " now lara 's dangle by she hand only , cling to the hand trolley . directly below she , larsen stand , alert . finger on the uzi trigger , larsen look every direction but up . lara gracefully regains she shimmy position and continue on into the tree unseen . ext . malvern' base camp - night lara descend the tree , place she ten foot from the Bell - boe . scamper over to the plane , she quietly raise the engine hatch and replace the interrupter cam . int . cockpit - night lara strap herself into she seat and reach for the ignition . the key be not there . think quickly , she pull she night goggle back out and start scan the base camp . Pov - lara Inside one of the tent across the camp , lara zoom in on a set of keys with a " bb " insignia lay on the map table . lara ( 0.s. ) ah-ha . back to scene lara put away the night goggle and remove the remote probe . pick through she backpack , she find what she need : another spread pin . cram it into the hemispherical ridge on the probe , lara improvise a hook attachment . ext . malvern' base camp - night the probe zip across the camp towards the map tent . intercut with : int . cockpit - night lara watch the mini view screen as she manipulate the remote control device . she maneuver the probe to hook up the key ... get they on the spread pin ... but drop they onto a metal haliburton case -- chaaaang ! malvern and he man all tense up , bring gun to the ready . malvern ( into walkie ) where would that noise come from ? aussie # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) one of the tent . malvern ( into walkie ) let 's close in . slowly . as the aussy all tighten they perimeter ... lara bite she lower lip in concentration as she try to re-hook the key . out of the corner of she eye she can see the aussy emerge one - by-one from the jungle . one last try and the key be hook on the probe . but as lara steer the probe back towards the cockpit , a warning light flash on the remote control : " compression low . " outside , the probe falter , the compress air-jet not move it as fast now ... malvern spot the probe -- and the key -- head towards the bell- boe . malvern open FIRE , prompt everyone to unload they clip . the probe spin around drunkenly , its jet assembly damage ... lara lean precariously out of the cockpit , briefly expose herself to aussie gunfire , and reach for the probe . she grab the key just as the probe fall to the ground ! malvern ( cont 'd ) stop her ! but as they close in -- whooooosh ! malvern and he man be blast by jet wash from the Bell -boe 609 . all the aussy but malvern open fire again ... lara deliberately throw the plane into a 360 @ ground spin ... send the aussy diving for cover ... give she just enough time and space to ascend vertically from the jungle clear . find malvern at a crate assemble a surface to AIR missile ! larsen spot the probe lara leave behind . pick it up , he speak to the camera lens . larsen listen up you wench ... int . cockpit - night lara peer down at the mini view screen which be on the seat between she leg . larsen 's ugly mug appear as a static-filled transmission on the remote display . larsen ( on view screen ) we have get a little surprise for you . larsen point the probe- cam over at malvern , who fire the missile ! lara look out the window of the plane : Pov - lara the missile swerve through the sky right at she ! back to scene lara quickly search the control panel , finally locating the eject lever , which she pull back . the cockpit canopy burst open and lara be jettison into the night sky , still strapped into she seat ! ext . sky above - the ecuador jungle - night as she tumble away from the plane , the missile connect with the Bell -boe ... which explode in mid - AIR ! a parachute deploy from the top of lara 's seat ... and she float slowly into the dark jungle below . ext . malvern' base camp - night malvern watch the distant explosion as he tune in a frequency on he short - wave radio . malvern ( into radio ) send in my chopper -- you have get we coordinate . and bring all the ammo we have get leave . ext . shipping vessel - night a sleek black huey chopper take off from the deck of a large shipping vessel outfit with whaling equipment ( harpoon gun , net , etc . ) on the side of the ship -- and the chopper -- the name " seapro , inc . " be accompany by a white whale logo . dissolve to : ext . francisco do orellana - later that night the small town be ablaze . smoke cloud the main street where larsen and aussie # 3 beat the snot out of a local while malvern watch on with mild interest . larsen you think you see she ?! now what the hell good do that do we ? larsen kick the local a few more time for good measure . malvern why do not you jog he memory . larsen flick on he gold lighter . aussie # 3 hold a molotov cocktail under larsen 's lighter , ignite the chemical bomb . against the local 's plea , aussie # 3 hurl the cocktail into the cantina . flame erupt . reveal - dodge watch this inquisition from a safe distance ... want to intervene , but powerless to do so . head down , he cross the street into he shanty office . int . dodge's office - continuous pull he leather coat off a wall hook , dodge stuff it into a already pack duffel bag . lara ( 0.s. ) I find it . dodge whirl , bowie knife in hand and ready to throw ... until he see lara step from the shadow ! still beautiful but wear half the jungle on she clothes and in she hair . dodge ( distress ) be you crazy !? do not you see what malvern 's do to this town look for you -- ( realize ) you find what ? lara El dorado . but it do not mean " Golden City " like everyone think . it mean " Golden man . " dodge look , I do not have time to play word game with you . I have get to get out of here ... dodge grab up he duffel bag . as he exit : dodge ( cont 'd ) I take it carlos and luiz do not make it ? lara step in front of dodge , block he path . they body almost touch . lara no . but they do help I get inside manco 's tomb . he 's the Golden man , dodge . dodge so you solve the mystery of El dorado . bully for you . do not mean squat if you be dead . ( beat ) I be leave . you should too . lara wait . there 's something else ... the source of all the incan gold . this get dodge 's attention . lara ( cont 'd ) there be direction to another sacred place high in the ande , south of here . that 's where King manco keep " the Black veil , " which either locate gold ... or create it . dodge ( think about it but ... ) I tell you before , lara , it 's alla wild goose chase . forget it . he move away from she , check out the window : larsen and company be work over another couple local . dodge ( cont 'd ) they be work they way down the street ... ( turn back ) do you have any idea who malvern be ? I make a few call , and you can forget all that money he 's throw around . his whaling business be bankrupt . he 's a desperate man , lara . he 's get nothing to lose . lara take a deep breath to utter uncomfortable word : lara I need you , dodge . I need you help . this stop dodge from exite the back door . dodge you manage to do in one day what I be not able to do in ten year . what the hell do you need I for ? lara I have get manco 's secret , but malvern 's get I trap . ( beat ) I do not want my name on that impressive list of yours . just get I out of town , and up to the mountain , and I will give you what darby offer I : a 50 - 50 split . mulling it over , dodge sneak another peek out the window . dodge what shape be manco 's sarcophagus ? lara round . like the sun . dodge nod , know this to be truth . after a long moment : dodge I must be crazy as the rest of you 50 - 50 . he extend he hand . they shake , hold onto each other for just a little longer than necessary . dodge ( cont 'd ) oh , I almost forget ... he go to the curtain - off closet and slide out a small cargo crate . dodge ( cont 'd ) this come for you today . CUT to : cu - a crate this 4 x4 crate , mark " via messenger " , be address to lara Croft care of Nathaniel dodge . lara use dodge 's bowie knife to pry the lid off of the crate . we be : int . trawler cabin - night while dodge steer the trawler down the napo without the benefit of the noisy inboard motor , lara dig through the excelsior - pack crate , find a neatly package ( in brown paper and string ) change of clothes . dodge how convenient . lara dig further , find a small , portable refrigeration BOX ( use for organ transportation . ) Inside , cloak in frosty air , lara find a egg and pickle sandwich and a caribbean cruise brochure with a note : " who know , it might get hijacked . that could be fun . Love , karak . " dodge ( cont 'd ) you have get to be kid I ... lara bite happily into the sandwich . lara bite ? dodge Egg and pickle ? pass . lara put down the sandwich and pick up the clothes . lara someplace I can change ? dodge yeah . the master suite . he jerk a thumb at a curtain area in the rear of the cabin . lara pull back the curtain , revealing a grungy bunk and a rusty sink . lara how charming . dodge wait for lara to disappear behind the close curtain ... then grab up the note . dodge who 's karak ? lara ( 0.s. ) oh , just the man I live with . dodge glance back at the curtain . the single light above the bunk cast a entice silhouette of lara as she disrobe . dodge sound serious . behind the curtain lara snuggle into a form-fitting lycra top . lara quite . karak 's much older . very wise , very distinguished . frankly , I be lucky to have he . she 's smile , know how this must sound . back in cabin dodge I be surprised he let you come down here by yourself . I know I would not . lara ( 0.s. ) and why be that ? dodge ( after a beat ) I would hate to miss all the fun . lara emerge from behind the curtain , zipping up she very flatter new short . lara good answer . dodge give she new outfit a once-over . dodge I feel overdress . flashlight beam criss - cross over the trawler . dodge duck and pull lara down with he . dodge ( cont 'd ) must be malvern . lara hope you have get a plan B. dodge I prefer to improvise . CUT to : ext . napo river - night malvern and the aussy stand on top of the sloping napo bank , flashlight search the trawler , which drift silently in circle . malvern search it . the two aussy make run leap from the bank onto the front deck of the trawler . malvern ( cont 'd ) first one to find the girl get five minute alone with she . then I want every cent she 's cost I back in blood . rear of the trawler dodge and lara float in the water , covertly lowering a crudely - carve canoe from the back of the boat . he whisper : dodge turn it over . lara be confuse for a moment , until she see : the bottom of the canoe have be paint to resemble a log . dodge ( cont 'd ) fool the bandito eyery time . lara smile , impressed . back on the trawler the two aussy make a mess of the cabin , find lara 's crate and clothes . aussie # 5 step outside , report to malvern : aussie # 5 they be go , but they be here . unconvince , malvern shine he flashlight on the river , prompt the two aussy to do the same . one of the flashlight beam fall onto the overturn canoe , which look remarkably like a float log . underneath the canoe lara and dodge wade through the murky water , along with dodge 's float duffel . they shallow breathe echoe as the flashlight beam cut through the water all around they . lara ( whisper ; sarcastic ) of course the nice thing about this plan be that if they open fire , we will be dead instantly . dodge ( whisper back ) that 's if the piranha do not get we first . on the bank the two aussy jump back to the river bank and rejoin malvern . aussie # 5 hand the crate lid to malvern , who shine he flashlight on it , illuminate the name " lara Croft . " malvern hand the lid back . malvern I want all the dirt on Ms. Croft . CUT to : ext . napo tributary - night lara and dodge canoe up to dodge 's seaplane , which be hide in the vegetation overhange the edge of the tributary . int . seaplane - night dodge and lara toss they bag into the back of the four-seater . dodge fire up the ignition , set the propeller in fitful motion ... until they stop . lara you need I to get out and push ? dodge ( point ) I think best when it 's quiet . he drop he head between lara 's leg , nose around under the dash . lara bit forward , be not we ? fiddle with wire , dodge set the prop back into action . dodge hey , it 's we second date , right ? lara date 's over . I see flashlight . sure enough , oncoming flashlight beam streak through the tree . dodge ignore they , concentrate instead on taxiing the seaplane back onto the napo . as the flashlight draw closer and brighter , dodge point the seaplane up river where the vegetation be less dense . uzi gunfire light up the night sky as dodge throttles the seaplane down the watery runway ... dodge ( to plane ) come on , honey . come on . as the plane find some lift , lara be the first to spot they next obstacle . lara naturally you account for this . dodge naturally . Pov - both lara & dodge the trawler still float in circle upstream , completely block they river runway ! back to scene amidst gunfire , as a collision appear imminent , dodge roll the plane sideways ... just miss the trawler and several shoreline tree . lara open she eye and resume breathe . lara ( slightly shake ) that bring back memory . ext . napo river - night with uzi fire still blaze around he , malvern watch the seaplane light recede into the night sky . he gesture to larsen and company to suppress they fire -- oddly , all the aussy have be fire they uzis into the jungle . malvern ( grin ) worked like a charm . he activate a remote tracking device which show a small oscilloscope radar display of the seaplane 's location . CUT to : ext . sea - plane - night on the underside of the seaplane , a red light blink on a small black BOX locator device . int . seaplane - night oblivious to the tracking device , lara type on she laptop . dodge the suspense be kill I . where be we head ? cu - lara' computer display video footage take inside manco 's tomb . lara freeze frame on the carving atop the sarcophagus . lara ( 0.s . ) this hieroglyphics imply the Black veil be hide in machu picchu . dodge ( 0.s. ) not a chance . that place have be pick clean . dodge lean over for a look at the laptop imagery . dodge ( cont 'd ) look at that sarcophagus . that 's my old trust fund . with interest . lara feel the seaplane start to drift and tilt . lara watch the drool . eye on the sky . lara isolate a section of hieroglyphics and instruct the computer to " translate . " as the new text begin to scroll : lara ( cont 'd ) we be look for a city the Inca call " bed of gold . " that 's where we will find the veil shrine . dodge shoot lara a astonished look . dodge not bed , cradle . choquaquirao . means " cradle of gold . " 50 mile from machu picchu . no more than 20 people have ever make it up there . lara wanna make it 22 ? off dodge 's consent smile , we ; dissolve to : ext . apurimac river , peru - dawn as the sun rise above the semi-tropical flatland , dodge 's seaplane appear over the tree , banking over the apurimac gorge . the aircraft glide down into the narrow chasm , skip along the fast - move water before docking at the lone beachhead on one of the river bank . int . cockpit - continuous dodge look at lara , who be take a peaceful catnap in the passenger seat . cut the engine , dodge stare at she for a moment , finally glimpsing the young girl beneath the tough exterior . lara sense he stare and blink awake . lara ( groggy smile ) I be just dream that we find what we be look for . dodge from you lip to God 's ear . CUT to : ext . nevado panta - day pan from the majestic mountaintop of nevado panta , obscure in mist , down a near 90 @ sheer face encumber by thousand of jag crag . stop on dodge 's slack - jaw face . dodge I guess this be a bad time to mention my fear of height . dodge turn at the sound of tink - tink - tink : it 's lara pound a piton into the mountain face . lara the real problem 's go to be this metamorphic rock . she test the piton , which loosen as the rock crumple . dodge you do not understand . I can not do this , lara . lara remove some rope & carabiner from she backpack . lara of course you can . I use to be terrify of elevator . my father 's trick be keep my mind off the moment . dodge pull a half - empty bottle of scoth from he duffel . dodge you father be a smart man . as dodge take a swig , lara fire a spread pin high up onto the mountain face . lara we will talk about anything . except what we be do . just look up and stay positive . lara fasten the rope from above to she belt winch . lara ( cont 'd ) I will take lead and secure you guide line . all you have to do be hold on . dodge I think we be not gonna talk about this ? CUT to : further up the mountain dodge careen into the frame , the gust wind swinging he at the end of he rope like a pendulum . dodge ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhhhhh !! ! the wind die down for a moment , allow dodge to regain a grip on the rock face . lara call down to he : lara ( 0.s. ) favorite movie !? dodge anything with buster keaton ! up above he , lara be in she element . Eagle eye unblink as she carefully search each crag for the perfect grab or toe hold . lara want to know mine !? the wind push dodge drift again . dodge not really ! lara " vertigo ! " lara lower down to dodge 's side . lara ( cont 'd ) only teasing . this offer no comfort to dodge , who look seasick . lara fasten he carabiner to a new guide line . lara ( cont 'd ) relax . I can almost see the top . the wind bump they body together , cause friction . dodge do you know what the worst part be ? how much you be enjoy this . lara I have try it scared . not as much fun . as lara ascend , dodge be buffete again by the wind , this time spin he around several time . insert shot : dodge 's anchor pin start to pull from the stone . lara traverse a difficult outcropping by move hand - over-hand until she find purchase for she foot . just as she reach the edge of a large , overgrown plateau with ruins ... insert shot : dodge 's anchor pin pull from the stone . dodge yell as he free fall down the mountain face ! lara see what 's come and try to brace herself -- priiiing ! dodge 's guide line go taut and start to pull lara down with he . slide back over the edge , lara somehow manage to brace herself - leg spread wide -- catch a rock with each foot . dodge jerk to a stop ! his guide line belt snapping a buckle and busting open ... leave dodge dangle by he hand ! he now make the mistake of look down at the dizzying height . lara ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hang on , dodge ! lara frantically re-secure dodge 's guide line around a upper rock . once do , lara flip she carabiner onto dodge 's guide wire and begin rappelling down the mountain face . cover 20 yard between each touch , lara almost appear to be fly . glancing down , she see dodge swinging wildly in the wind . lara ( cont 'd ) here I come ! timing she last rappel perfectly , lara propel herself laterally as well ... swinging at dodge just as he own swing reach its climax . like a acrobat , lara scoops up dodge in one arm -- he release the belt and grab onto she tightly . together they swing , spin in the wind like dancer on a cloud ... across the mountain face until lara catch a crag with she foot and bring they thrill ride to a end . they result embrace could not be any more intimate . they face no closer together . this share near-death moment have leave both of they breathless with a nearly post-coital bliss . lara ( cont 'd ) so be that good for you ? dodge not good enough to try it again . lara ( smirk ) maybe on the way back down . CUT to : ext . apurimac river - day malvern 's black huey helicopter set down next to dodge 's seaplane on the beachhead . malvern be the first one out this time , a increase desperation noticeable in he action . malvern rummages around inside the plane cabin but find nothing of interest . use the binocular around he neck , malvern start scan the mountainous countryside ... Pov - malvern ( through binoculars ) we pan past a rope dangle down the nevado panta . whip pan back ... then up , up , up . just in time to see lara and dodge , barely visible through the mist , crest the plateau ridge onto choquequirao . back to scene malvern lower the binocular and stride back to the huey . malvern let 's go . larsen where ? malvern ( point ) all the way to the top . larsen 's gaze follow malvern 's finger all the way up to the mountain in the mist . larsen Holy shit . CUT to : ext . choquequirao - afternoon at 6,000 foot the view from this majestic promontory be breathtaking . lara stand at the very edge of the plateau stare down the cliff , awash in distant memory . dodge ( 0.s. ) so where 's this famous shrine ? slowly , lara turn to find dodge root around some overgrown ruins nestle just below the high nevado panta peak . dodge ( cont 'd ) " Cause this sure as hell be not it . lara if I understand the computer translation correctly , it 's directly beneath we . we be suppose to use the " stairway from the star . " dodge you can not mean that . dodge point to a 15 foot high flight of giant , crumbling stair ... which lead to nothing . dodge ( cont 'd ) it 's below we but the stair go up ? must be some incan practical joke . with a clarity of vision , lara walk towards the stair . lara it 's not a joke . it 's a secret . you do not see the combination to Fort knox post on the net , do you ? dodge I be sorry , but I think you have all this figure out . I think that 's why I just go ten round with death back there . lara ( echoe he line ) I prefer to improvise . dodge cute . Real cute . lara drop to she knee , inspect the area where the stone stair meet the floor slab . dodge join she , still skeptical . lara this stairwell appear to move , so all we need to find be the trigger . dodge look around at the vast ruin . dodge sure . no problem . lara ( ignore he ) what be the preeminent symbol in incan culture ? dodge that would be the sun . lara very good , Nathaniel . and can you tell I what the most important date on the incan calendar be ? dodge roll he eye but answer : dodge inti rami , the summer solstice . unfortunately , that 's eight month from now . lara keep circle the stair , she passion and concentration grow with each step , as she mind hone in on the solution . lara the translation say : " on inti rami , the last ray of the sun will walk a stairway from the star . ( beat ) I will wager you my 50 % in gold that the trigger appear at sunset . dodge that give we less than a hour to figure out how to replicate the rami sun . lara remove she mirror shade from she backpack . lara easy . all I need be you shade . CUT to : cu - a glint of SUN which be capture in one of lara 's mirrore lense . lara ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) accord to my calculation ... ext . choquequirao - dusk find lara seat atop a section of ruin with she laptop in hand , work on a sophisticated astronomical program . lara ..we need to compensate for a declination of the sun by approximately 13 % . dodge ( sarcastic ) I be think the exact same thing . dodge play with the handful of four mirrore lense remove from they shade , watch they sparkle in the sun . lara that mean the first one need to be about three more foot to you right . dodge plant the first " mirror " in a crevasse face the sun : dodge so I be curious , lara , why be you do this ? what be you look for ? lara I tell you . I promise darby I would see this through . ( beat ; be : mirror ) the second one get reverse about ten foot that way . dodge it 's a honorable reason . but it 's also bullshit . lara Excuse I ? dodge this be not about some map . or a friend . or even the Black veil . this be you life . I can see it in you eye , everything I use to be . you be a professional -- beyond a professional . you be prepare for everything -- lara ( interrupt ) -- you can never be prepare for everything . ( beat ; be : mirror ) third one go atop that fountain . dodge so why do you do it ? I get the sense you do not need the money . Hell , I get the sense you do not need anything . or anyone . well , besides this karak guy . lara I need you , do not I ? dodge yeah , but it really kill you to say so , do not it ? lara can not meet he gaze , so she return to she laptop . lara okay , we do not have much time leave . the fourth mirror go -- dodge ( interrupt ) -- forget all this crap for a minute ! dodge move closer to lara , determine to crack she shell . dodge ( cont 'd ) look , I agree to get you up here , and I have do that . if I quit now , I have already earn my 50 % . if I go underground with you look for the Black veil , how do that change we deal ? lara if it 's about the money , dodge , you can have the entire lot . 100 % . dodge crouch in front of she . eye fix on hers . dodge I be not talk about money , lara . I want to know what happen with we ? for the first time lara 's trademark poise be go . a beat . lara ( hesitates ) I guess this be one of that situation I be not prepare for . finally , dodge rise with a resign sigh . dodge you know what ...? neither be i. ( long pause ) so what about this fourth mirror ? relieved to be back to business , lara do not miss a beat . lara reverse it , and ten foot to the leave . as dodge place the final mirror : dodge how do we know it 's work anyway ? lara we will know . in less than a minute . lara and dodge watch the sun slowly sink beneath the horizon . as the last ray of sunshine glint off the first lens it bounce the light back to the second lens ... then reflect it back to the third lens ... and finally the fourth . at the stair the beam of sunlight appear to " walk " down the stair as the sun set deeper into the horizon . when it reach the bottom step ... nothing happen . dodge obviously I be miss something . lara obviously . lara have circle around the back of the step where she point out that the beam of sunlight have pierce a SMALL imperfection in one of the stair 's stone seam ... send a thin beam of light all the way across the ruin to a ornamentu stone protrude from the partial remain of a temple . and then the beam disappear . the sun have set . dodge ( inspect imperfection ) that crack ? that 's the big secret ? lara have not you ever notice there be no imperfection in incan masonry ? lara start jogging over to the collapse temple , while dodge stay at the stair , take a seat . lara ( cont 'd ) that crack be there by design . lara reach the ornamental stone , and as dodge watch from the stair , lara give the stone a once -over , then push it with both hand ... the stair rumble to life beneath dodge ! he jump from he perch as : a passage open at the base of the stair and the entire stairwell corkscrews down into the ground . dodge look incredulously across the ruin at lara . lara ( cont 'd ) lucky you do not take my wager . int . choquequirao - foyer - night they descend the stairway from the star , which empty into a beautiful , dome - shape foyer encircle with 12 gold plaque represent the god associate with each month of the year . not a trap in sight . dodge amazing . lead the way with a flashlight , dodge excitedly step down into the foyer , but lara grab he firmly by the arm : lara not so fast . where dodge 's next step would have be , lara fire she gun at a invisible pressure pad to trigger a maniacal flurry of action : blade shoot from each gold plaque , criss -crossing the room and disappear back into a different plaque . dodge thank God I do not find this place ten year ago . I wpuld have be fillett right out of the gate . lara ( serious ) and you still might . somewhere down here be the Inca 's most sacred and well - guard shrine . you want to come with I , I have get to know you be not go to get we kill . dodge ( interrupt ; insulted ) -- hey , I be not that rusty . you just worry about yourself . lara Works for I . lara move past dodge , wield she own flashlight as she lead they both across the foyer to a long , dark and narrow stone passageway with a doorway at the other end . lara ( cont 'd ) see this floor tile ? a favorite incan trick . dodge floor collapse . I have see that . lara fire bullet at several floor tile . nothing happen . lara no , the incan be smarter than that . the first set of trap be a misdirect . design to make you think every trap can be pre- sprung . ( hand dodge flashlight ) hold this . keep it ahead of I . int . choquequirao - corridor - continuous lara walk slowly out onto floor tile , eye scan the dark but harmless - seem periphery . lara the unsuspecting tomb raider walk confidently onto the tile never even see what hit he ... she gesture for dodge to shine the flashlight at the ceiling : lara ( cont 'd ) ... because he forget to look up -- --sluursh ! a massive blade drop down like a guillotine from the ceiling ... force lara to somersault forward , nearly cleave . but the hit just keep come -- -- swuuush ! swuuush ! two circular blade scissor simultaneously from the wall nearly behead lara , who dive to the ground and roll to safety just as -- -- crunch ! crunch ! crunch ! boulder drop like deadly hailstone all around lara , collapse the floor tile and revealing spike beds beneath they . lara sprint across the rapidly checkerboard floor to the door at the end of the room ... but the door be only a painting ! lara react as -- -- thwit -thwit-thwit-thwit ! dart shoot from the faux door , prompt lara to instinctively side -flip to safety ... but only for a moment because -- -- craaaack ! the floor tile give way beneath she , just as lara spot a elevate passageway . she leap for and barely catch the lip of the passage . while lara hang there : dodge watch in awe as : the entire room restore itself in five incredible second ! floor tile hinge back into place , blade disappear back into wall , etc . not even any boulder . with a tremendous show of strength , lara now pull herself up into a hancstand on the lip , then gracefully execute a walkover into the passageway . breathe hard , but utterly compose , she turn back and gesture to dodge . lara ( cont 'd ) you turn . int . choquequirao - elevate passageway - night lara walk slowly through the flat passage , flashlight in hand . behind she we can hear dodge 's exclamation as he make he way though the last set of trap . finally , dodge catch up with lara , pick a dart from he shoulder . dodge okay , so maybe I be a little rusty . where dodge be mask he nerve with glibness , lara 's focus only grow more intense as she move closer to she prize . lara you be still alive . that 's all that matter -- ( gesture ) -- stop ! do not move . lara can just barely make out the end of the elevate passageway before they : a SMALL pit . dodge what be it now ? lara that pit ahead . not a good sign . she turn back , flashlight illuminate the entrance through which they enter ; they be at about the midway point of the passageway . removing a bullet from she gun , lara drop the ammo on the floor ... where it start roll towards the pit . Rolling and roll , indicate a incline which be not at all evident inside the passageway . dodge how 's that possible ? we hear the bullet still roll away in the dark . lara the wall . they be a optical illusion . make we feel like we be on level ground so we do not expect the massive boulder that 's go to crush we . dodge ( suddenly worried ) and what exactly triggers that ? before lara can answer the bullet stop roll , sounding off with a ominous ping ! lara oh dear . the passageway rumble as a massive boulder drop down from the ceiling about 20 yard behind they . as lara and dodge sprint towards the pit -- -- two hanging blade pendulum down in there path swinging out of sync and make passage through they impossible . while dodge look back in mount fear at the oncoming boulder , lara study the swinging blade . lara ( cont 'd ) you take the near , I will take the far ! dodge what !? lara leap at the far blade ... grab hold of the wooden stem from which it pendulum ! cling safely above the blade she climb as close to the ceiling as humanly possible . lara better get the rust out , dodge ! dodge take one quick look back at the onrol boulder ( which fill about 3 / 4 of the passageway ) before he leap ! cling onto the near blade 's wooden stem just like lara -- -- saaaaaaaaaaash !!! the boulder plow through both blade , snap they off at the wooden stem inch below lara and dodge 's foot . they both drop safely down to the passageway as the boulder continue roll into the pit . lara ( cont 'd ) have fun yet ? dodge ( surprise himself ) yeah . as a matter of fact I be . int . choquequirao - water temple - night they climb from the pit up to ledge overlook a rectangular temple fill with water . the only visible way across the temple -- to the golden doorway on the other side -- be via 10 vertical pillar space dauntingly apart . lara 's flashlight reveal the water be roiling with unseen menace . dodge look invite . lara crack a flare open and drop it into the water -- -- a giant barracuda surface to swallow the flare whole ! dodge ( cont 'd ) barracuda . lara very hungry barracuda . ( beat ) no margin for error here . lara take a few step back , run and leap to the first pillar , pull herself up on top ... a tall flame ignites from the top center of the pillar ! ( the other pillar ignite as well create a eerie , deadly spectacle . ) instinctively , lara backflip ... execute a half twist in midair as she lunge back for the ledge -- -- dodge grab lara by the arm as she come up short ! dangle over the edge by one hand -- foot skim the water -- lara notice two problem immediately : 1 ) her short be on FIRE ! , and ; 2 ) a barracuda jump from the water for one of she leg , which she daintily bend at the knee to avoid dismemberment . lara quickly scale the wall with dodge 's help , who gallantly pat out the flame on she short . lara ( cont 'd ) lucky for I you be here . dodge just trving to earn my 50 % . lara and dodge both turn and survey the situation . dodge ( cont 'd ) hard to improvise the impossible . lara nothing 's impossible . theoretically . dodge watch lara pace back and forth on the ledge , she mind attack the problem at hand . lara ( cont 'd ) if I be not out of winch cable we could easily traverse this room . dodge maybe if we can figure a way to put the fire out ... lara yes , but that jump can only be make with a run start . after the first pillar you be stick -- -- lara snap she finger with a idea . lara ( cont 'd ) get it ! she shine she flashlight on the base of the first pillar . lara ( cont 'd ) see the erosion at the water line ? same thing on all the pillar . dodge ( follow she ) you can not be think ... lara -- it 's the only way . but it will require we combine body weight . lara offer dodge she hand . lara ( cont 'd ) you still with I , dodge ? dodge for better or worse . dodge take she hand in hers . together they step to the back of the ledge . Exchange a last glance at one another ... then run and tandem jump for the first pillar ! they both hit and grab onto the edge of the pillar simultaneouslv . they weight have cause the pillar to sway back and forth ... back and forth ... until -- craaaaaaack ! the pillar break at the base ... send the pillar fall forward as lara and dodge scramble to stay astride it -- -- craaaaaack ! the first pillar strike the second pillar , break it at the base ... send it fall forward into the third pillar . and so on , and so on . like domino all the way to the golden doorway -- a path of pillar have be laid out for they across the dangerous water , with all the flame extinguish . lara you know , I think we make a pretty decent team . int . subterranean cavern - continuous enter through the golden archway , lara and dodge discover a stun shrine build in the middle of a massive subterranean cavern , partially collapse from year of earthquake . dodge I do not know about you , but my heart be pound -- I feel like a kid again . lara I know exactly how you feel . lara start cracking flare , toss they around the cavern where rock and debris litter the periphery . inside shrine as they both climb the step lead up to the center of the shrine , lara notice one of the outer shrine column be literally bent under the weight of collapse ceiling . lara ( cont 'd ) only one stone bend like this ... dodge be think exactly the same thing as he polish the grimy column with he shirt sleeve . dodge gold . with she flashlight , lara point out how they boot have leave subtle impression in the shrine floor . drop down to he knee , dodge furiously scrub away the dirt . dodge ( cont 'd ) it 's all gold ... ( look around shrine ) the floor . the wall . the ceiling . he stand , awe -struck by he incomparable surroundings . dodge ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's not El dorado but this ... this be what I always imagine find . something beyond description ... beyond belief . lara I have a feel it get better ... lara move into the center of the shrine to a golden statue of inti ( the sun god ) hold a crude - cut obsidian BOWL atop a ornate pedestal . ( this be the same object depict in manco 's burial chamber . ) lara ( cont 'd ) here it be . the Black veil . dodge not much to look at . what do it do ? lara every culture have legend about a magical device which turn ordinary metal into gold -- the crow 's head , the philosopher 's Stone . but the storey be usually cautionary tale about the evil of greed . dodge time to throw caution to the wind . with sparkling eye , dodge gratify he long - dormant prospector 's fever . he pull off a cheap silver ring and drop it into the Black veil . lara legends say to make it work , you must clasp the bowl with both hand and visualize the desire transformation -- the veil 's magic be power by the soul of the user . dodge clasp the bowl as instruct , stare down intently at the silver ring . when nothing happen after 20 second , dodge embarrassedly hand the bowl to lara . dodge you try it . I still owe the IRS back tax so technically my soul 's in hock . clasp the bowl , lara stare at the ring and the magic begin instantly : the ring melt to liquid ... boil furiously as a mystical black smoke froth over the cup , veiling the transmutation - process . reaction shot : both lara and dodge watch on in wonder as ... the smoke magically dissipate and liquid gold remain where there once be silver ! as dodge pour it out : dodge ( cont 'd ) I do not believe my friggin ' eye . a jubilant grin consume he face , dodge raise he fist in triumph and shout to the heaven : dodge ( cont'd ) yeeesssssssssssssss !!! ecstatic , dodge grab a surprised lara in a bear hug , spin she around like they just win the lottery . dodge ( cont 'd ) we be rich , lara ! we be filthy rich ! as dodge 's euphoria die down they stop spin . now dodge and lara find they face mere inch apart . a beat . dodge ( cont 'd ) I forget . you be already rich . lara ( sincere ) it 's all yours , dodge . truly . you deserve this . lara 's statement inexplicably chill dodge , who pull back . dodge that 's sweet . but let 's get out of here . lara ( bemuse ) I do not understand . what 's the rush ? malvern ( 0.s. ) my sentiment exactly ... reveal - malvern and he man ( larsen plus four ) surround the shrine from all side . when lara rapidly draw she pistol the aussy all pump they 12 gauge . a standoff . malvern ( cont 'd ) we have get so much catch up to do . malvern move up the step towards lara , fully intrigue by this unconventional woman of beauty , brain and ball . malvern ( cont 'd ) first of all , Ms. Croft , much thanks for work out that nasty trap . we could not have make it without you . ( beat ; cheap shot ) can not say the same thing about daddy . lara 's eye narrow with spite at the mention of she father . dodge pick up on lara 's emotion but do not understand . malvern ( cont 'd ) some people , like I , earn they fortune with sweat and blood . Ms. Croft here take a little shortcut . Left she daddy to die in the himalayas . inherite forty million dollar at the age of 16 . give most of it away to charity this day to appease she guilty conscience -- -- lara snap ! she run for malvern ... but larsen brutally clothesline she with he shotgun ! catch lara under the chin and send she leg out from under she . larsen ( smile ) must have hit a hot spot . dodge kneel beside lara to help she up . dodge alright malvern . you have have you laugh . now leave she alone . malvern I have get much bigger score to settle than some british bimbo who think she 's bloody James bond . ( beat ; to larsen ) get the veil . as larsen grab the veil from the statue , lara get back on she foot with dodge 's help . lara flooding the world 's gold market be not go to solve anything . malvern ( chuckle ) just like a lousy Brit to think so small . larsen deliver the Black veil to malvern . malvern ( cont 'd ) I do not hire erikson to find I gold . that 's the least of my interest . dodge you get what you want , malvern . why do not you get out of here . malvern no . I think I would rather watch you kill the little bitch first . dodge bullshit . that be not part of the deal . lara ( realize ) you sell I out . you lead they here . dodge , feel the pressure now , try to explain to lara . unexpectedly , drop to one knee . dodge they be go to kill you back in the village if you do not tell they what you find in manco 's tomb . I know you would not talk ... lara .. unless I think I could trust you . dodge I just do not want to see you get hurt . lara and I think chivalry be dead . lara roundhouse punch dodge with such force he larsen ( mock dodge ) oooh , that 's gotta hurt . lara you want I dead , malvern ? do it yourself . malvern smile at the challenge , consider the notion . dodge no ! I will do it ... ( rise ; wipe blood from he lip ) only if you let I live . lara stare at he incredulously . malvern cross he arm . malvern impress I . do it with you hand . dodge nod to malvern , then turn to face lara . she glare at he defiantly as he step right up to she . hand at he side , dodge mouth a single word to lara : " run . " as lara 's surprised eye acknowledge the improvise plan ... dodge draw he bowie knife from the sheath on he belt and in one fluid motion , do a half turn and fling the blade right at malvern 's heart ! but malvern 's reflex be fast enough to flinch , impale the blade in he shoulder instead ! BA - booom ! larsen plug dodge with a shotgun blast . but lara be already on the flee -- -- BA - booom ! BA - booom ! BA - booom ! the aussy unload they 12 gauge into the shadowy periphery as lara dodge back and forth between the rock and debris ... only intermittently illuminate by the shotgun blast . and then she 's go . malvern grimace as he extract the blade from he shoulder . teeth grit , he move over to dodge , who lay on the ground hold he bloody gut . malvern ( cont ' D ) I believe this be yours . malvern return the favor and fling the bowie knife into dodge 's shoulder . while dodge writhes in pain , malvern stalk down the shrine step , greet by larsen . larsen the girl 's hide somewhere . should we keep look ? malvern do not bother . bury they both . CUT to : cu - a grenade launcher eject a series of grenade . we be : outside shrine larsen be wield the big gun . grinning large as he watch the multiple blast destabilize the entire underground cavern , set off the first of many subterranean earthquake . impress with the destruction he 's wringht , larsen hurry to join malvern and the other aussy wait at the golden archway ... which larsen blow shut with a final grenade ! find lara emerge from behind a rock . venture out when the tremor stop , move amidst the crumble cavern ... jogging at first and then run when she see dodge inside the shrine , pull the bowie knife from he shoulder . inside shrine lara drop to she knee beside dodge , who be battle death . she inspect he abdominal wound with deep concern . lara we have get to get you out of here . back on she foot , lara do not listen to dodge 's speech ; she focus eye scan the periphery search for escape . dodge do not worry about I . just get yourself out of here . at the edge of the shrine lara spot a glimmer of hope ... Pov - lara the bent gold column she see earlier now slope up to a new fissure in the ceiling . it 's a tight squeeze but star can be see above . a way out . back to scene lara rush back to dodge and start to drag he . dodge ( cont 'd ) forget it , lara . I get what I deserve . the emotion of watch someone die in she arm be too much for lara as she long - suppress emotion rise to the surface . lara you can still make it , dodge ! do not you dare give up on I now ! lara keep drag dodge , just as she drag she father , out of the shrine . she 's reverting back to that define moment in she life , try to convince herself : lara ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna be fine ... gonna be fine . another tremor rock the cavern ! tearing the shrine in half and form a large fissure between lara , dodge and the escape column . dodge grab onto lara 's arm for emphasis : dodge listen to I , lara . I can think of worse place to die . I mean , the last thing I will see be all this gold . sense he end , lara 's desperate denial begin to crumble like the wall around she . she kneel beside he again . lara do not leave I , dodge . please . lara 's eye be welling with tear . dodge reach a hand up to she face , try to wipe away thirteen year of pain . dodge you can beat every trap there be , lara . but sometimes you can not beat death . no matter how good you be . they kiss . like they want to the first time they meet . a passionate confession , a cruel hint at what could have be . a tender goodbye that leave lara 's lip quivering . dodge ( cont 'd ) see it through , lara . for darby ... and for I . lara nod she acceptance of the challenge . brusquely rub out she tear , lara summon she inner strength and walk to the edge of the fissure . Pov - lara she be stare at a jump much like the one she have to make near the monastery , only further . and this time the lower ground on the other side be much less forgive than snow . back to scene lara look back at dodge , some doubt still clouding she face as the wall continue to crumble all around they . lara I do not think I can do this , dodge ! dodge sure you can . ( beat ; the drill ) favorite movie . lara manage a slight smile despite she anguish . lara anything with buster keaton . dodge good answer . dodge watch as lara move away from the fissure 's edge , measure she step back to he . exhaling slowly , lara gather herself . hand fall to she side ; a gymnast before she routine . the cavern begin to shake & rumble with induce seismic activity . but lara stay focus . and with quick , precision step ... she sprint for the edge and leap ... ... soar over the chasm ... landing on the other side and execute a perfect tuck & roll . a relieved smile alight she face as she spin back for dodge 's approval ... Pov - lara the entire shrine have collapse . dodge be go . back to scene lara stare down into the lava filled abyss for a second , recalling that moment in the himalayas ... but there 's no time for regret as another violent tremor strike ... lara run for the bent gold column and , as the wall literally fall around she , she scramble up the column to she escape . ext . choquequirao - night lara barely squeeze up through the surface fissure just as malvern 's helicopter -- battle the fierce crosswind -- flee the ruin , head for the distant Pacific ocean . without hesitation lara sprint for the edge of the plateau and reclip a carabiner to the guide line she use earlier . lara disappear over the edge . and the chase be on . CUT to : cu - a map show international shipping lane . a straight course from Peru to Australia have be highlight . we be : int . dodge's seaplane - night lara , now dress in a scuba suit , have one eye on the sky , another on dodge 's shipping map . in the distance , lara can just make out the outline of a shipping vessel all light up on the ocean . pull on she customized night goggle : Pov - lara ( through goggle ) the night-vision filter give the world a GREEN glow . the image zoom to the ship , where we see malvern 's whale logo and the word " seapro , inc . " ext . pacific ocean - night the seaplane circle around high in the air , then set down on the roll wave a mile or so ahead of malvern 's ship . a beat , then lara dive from the plane into the water . we hear the shipping vessel approach in the distance , accompany by oncoming light . a horn blare . CUT to : int . malvern' ship - bridge - night a aussie captain point out to larsen the seaplane directly in the ship 's path . captain I can stop we or ram it , but it 's too late to turn at this speed . larsen better stop we . second after the Captain initiate a speed decrease , larsen 's walkie - talkie squawk to life . malvern ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) why the hell be we stop ? larsen there 's a friggin ' seaplane in we way . look like dodge 's . malvern ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) search the ship . no one get below . or we be all dead . ext . pacific ocean - night the hull of malvern 's ship cut through the black water . find lara watch as the ship pass slowly by ... then she make a dare grab onto the ship 's anchor chain . ext . malvern' ship - lower surface deck - night lara climb aboard and creep around the lower deck past malvern 's huey helicopter park on the heliport . lara be on full alert with both gun draw , but curiously there do not seem to be anyone topside . so she find a hatch provide access to the level below . int . malvern' ship - a-level - night lara quietly search the corridor for sign of life . suddenly , she press she back against the wall ... clank-clank-clank . the sound of footstep on the metal floor head she way . lara duck into a side room ... int . malvern' ship - a- level - butcher room - night lara look around a room fill with a grisly variety of hook , blade and chopping equipment use for malvern 's defunct whaling business . lara 's nose wrinkle , both with disgust and the linger smell . lara watch a aussie guard pass , then she exit quickly ... int . malvern' shtp - a-level - night the aussie Guard do not see lara creep up behind he . lara howdy mate . the aussie spin to see lara 's gun point at he . aussie guard no , no ! do not shoot ! lara Fair enough . lara pistol -whip the guard , who hit the deck , out cold . lara quickly search he ... but find that he holster be curiously empty . int . malvern' ship - b-level - night descend a ladder , lara find herself deep in the bowel of the ship . as she peer around a corner : Pov - lara two people in haz - mat suit walk down the corridor . they enter a room via a temporary AIR lock construct around a heavily reinforced steel door . back to scene lara hurry to the door . on the wall be a conspicuously new emblem : the universal symbol for radiation . lara peer into the room through the small door porthole , but the glass be frosted ; lara can see only silhouettes and movement ... until the dark shape of a haz - mat helmet loom into view ! lara duck behind the heavy door as it open ... and it swing right into she ; lara let out a involuntary grunt . the haz -mat aussie spin around , alert . lara greet he with gun draw . the aussie wave frantically : haz-mat aussie ( muffle by helmet ) no , no gun ! please ! lara well be not this a switch . lara holster she gun . the haz - Mat aussie visibly relax . which be when lara deliver a vicious kick to the groin . after the aussie double over , lara remove he helmet and drop he where he stand with a uppercut . int . malvern' ship - b-level - night lara emerge from a room wear the aussie 's haz - mat suit . she head for the reinforced door , enter like she belong . but lara be not prepare for the sight that greet she inside . int . malvern' ship - b-level - slaughter room - night the room where the ship 's catch be gut , slice and process have be convert into a makeshift factory floor . lara discreetly stashes she gun behind a shipping crate . on one side , two haz-mat-suited tech delicately load metal container with radiation symbol on they into heavily insulate shipping crate . another tech log the progress into computer . once the crate be secure , they be roll by dolly into a nearby cold - storage locker . Three more tech be queue up in front of a clear , two - foot thick plexi-glass window . behind this air-lock divider be malvern ! but it 's impossible for lara to see exactly what he 's up to . so she move in for a closer view ... lara join the line , careful to avoid the look of the other technician milling about the room . while she wait , lara peek over a tech 's shoulder at he computer : cu - computer screen : purchase order , shipping manifest . malvern be sell something to private buyer around the globe for million more than the market price of a whale . find herself next in line , lara see for the first time : malvern on the other side of the plexiglass , he arm encase in protective wall - glove , cupping with both hand the black veil on lara 's side of the wall . the tech in front of she place a piece of scrap iron into the Black veil , and as malvern concentrate black smoke billow from the obsidian cup . as the smoke dissipate , malvern pour a gray liquid into the tech 's container . lara ( eye wide ; sotto ) plutonium . lara finally arrive at the front of the line . malvern look pallid and moist , the process clearly drain he . he wait for lara to drop she scrap iron into the veil ... but she do not have any . malvern what the hell be you do ? malvern finally recognize lara through she face plate . lara answer by grab the Black veil from malvern 's glove hand . as lara hurry for the reinforce door , malvern yank he arm from the glove and hit and intercom button . malvern ( cont 'd ) ( over intercom ) stop she ! get the veil ! as the tech realize what 's go on , lara reach the shipping crate where she stashed she gun . suddenly , all activity cease . malvern ( cont 'd ) ( over intercom ) she will not shoot . one stray bullet and we be all at ground zero . lara better we than the rest of the world . the conviction in lara 's voice give pause to malvern . malvern ( over intercom ) everyone out . now . the room empty out quickly through the reinforce door . larsen join he behind the plexiglass in the view room . lara what 's the point to all this , malvern ? end of the world ? that you game ? as he speak , malvern hit some button on a control panel inside the view room -- we can not see exactly what he 's do . malvern ( over intercom ) the world 's gonna end sooner than later , Ms. Croft . figure I will go out on top when it do . but we need you to put down you gun now . lara dump all the plutonium overboard and then we will talk . larsen whisper something to malvern , who smile . malvern ( over intercom ) I have get a better idea . let 's talk about one of the precautionary measure we have take here ... lara look around , instantly suspicious . malvern ( cont 'd ) ( over intercom ) in a radiation - fill environment you must be able to remove all the air in two minute . lara react as she haz - mat suit start to cinch to she body ! malvern have initiate the air removal process . malvern ( cont 'd ) ever see a fish out of water , flap around ? it 's not a pretty sight . you can see the panic in they eye ... until they start pop out they socket . larsen wave at lara , suck in he lip to resemble a fish . panick , lara point a gun at he and fire ! but nothing happen . lara point both she gun at the plutonium -- click . click . click . malvern ( cont 'd ) ( over intercom ) do I forget to mention that with no oxygen you gun can not fire ? larsen and malvern share a cruel laugh inside the view room . malvern ( cont 'd ) g'day , Ms. Croft . as lara 's face plate fog up and she body stiffen , the gun slip from she hand . stagger around the room , lara stumble inexplicably into the cold -storage locker , which she close behind she . int . malvern' ship - b-level - view room - night lara be now out of sight from the view room . larsen shoot malvern a confuse look . larsen what 's the hell 's she do now ? malvern british pride . do not want to give we the pleasure of watch she die . ( then ) let 's , get this ship move again . we have get order to fill . the two man exit the view room . int . malvern' ship - b-level - cold storage locker - night lara lean against the back wall of the locker , which be fill with crate of store , shielded plutonium . her breathe extremely labor now , lara slide down the wall into a sit position . her eye show the understandable panic coursing through she vein . but then she eye focus on the Black veil in she hand , still fill with plutonium . with the last reserve of strength she have , lara close she eye and concentrate . black smoke start to billow from the veil , suck into the AIR vent overhead . int . malvern' ship - a-level - corridor - night head back , malvern and larsen look at one another incredulously as klaxon begin to blare . larsen a breach ? that 's impossible . malvern get up top . take everyone with you . the only way off this ship 's up there . larsen hurry up a ladder as malvern reverse direction , head back downstairs ... CUT to : cu - a hole in the corridor wall lead into the cold storage locker ; the edge be freeze and brittle . we be : int . malvern' ship - b-level - corridor - night malvern , now wear a haz-mat suit , examine the hole with a flashlight . lara ( 0.s. ) liquid nitrogen . dodge whirl around to find lara armed with a spear hook . lara ( cont 'd ) the veil work with any element . malvern turn to run , but lara snag he on the thigh with the spear hook , then yank he back -- he land at she foot , he haz - mat suit tear expose bleed flesh . lara ( cont 'd ) now you know how that whale feel . lara twirl around the spear hook , switch to the wooden handle end , and smashes malvern 's face plate ! int . malvern' ship - b-level - view room - night lara enter the view room , remove she helmet and watch malvern regain consciousness . lara ( over intercom ) here 's a interesting fact : with the amount of radiation presently soaking into you body , the rest of you journey to Australia will be a painful one indeed . malvern sit up , slowly comprehend he predicament . lara ( cont 'd ) first , you will be overcome with nausea . next come the blood from every orifice -- very messy . then out fall the hair , which in you case may be more of a bless . and finally , if you be still alive , you go deaf , dumb and blind . not necessarily in that order . ( beat ) g'day . as lara leave , malvern bang furiously on the plexiglass . but then he remember a way out and head for cold storage . CUT to : ext . malvern' ship - upper surface - cargo area - night stripped back to she scuba outfit , lara hurry up a ladder and find herself in the middle of a assortment of crate . various label indicate that the crate contain weapon and ammunition . lara open a crate mark " danger : explosive ! " Inside be a dozen SMALL metallic box mark " plastique . " empty one of the box , lara place the black veil inside . ext . malvern' ship - upper surface deck - night larsen sit at one of the ship 's two harpoon gun . as he bark order at the mercenary on deck , he walkie speak : aussie guard ( 0o.s. ) ( over walkie ; whisper ) I see she . Upper deck , above the chopper . larsen spin in the harpoon chair to see : lara creep along the upper deck towards malvern 's huey . larsen pivot the harpoon gun , lick he lip in anticipation . larsen ( into walkie ; whisper ) everybody port side . now . follow lara as she scamper along the shadowy deck , the metallic BOX ( with the veil inside ) tuck under she arm -- -- tctctctctctctctc !!! the upper deck erupt in uzi FIRE . lara dive for cover as bullet ricochet off the deck and wall . as larsen carefully line up a shot with the harpoon gun ... lara run and shoot with she single gun until all she bullet be spend . she keep run for the huey but -- -- a aussie guard appear in lara 's path with a shotgun ! aussie guard end of the line , missie . just then , larsen fire the harpoon gun ! the harpoon fly towards lara , trail a thick steel cable . lara see it come before the aussie Guard , so she side -flip with a half twist in the air , reversing she direction ! the harpoon miss lara by inch ... but impale the aussie Guard and stick in a crate down on the lower surface deck ! larsen goddammit ! larsen abandon the harpoon gun and take chase on foot as ... lara grab up the aussie 's shotgun and crack it open . with the metallic BOX between she foot , lara use the V would shotgun to zip down the harpoon 's steel cable to the lower surface deck where the huey be park ! rack focus on malvern emerge from the lower level . int . malvern' huey helicopter - continuous lara hop into the chopper , place the metallic BOX onto the seat next to she . she quickly get the rotor go and start to lift from the deck ... but not before larsen jump from the side of the ship and grab onto the landing strut ! after larsen pull himself up into the back of the chopper ... ext . malvern' ship - upper surface deck - continuous his sweaty face knotted with maniacal fury , malvern stand at the other harpoon gun , one eye squinted on he target : the rise chopper -- -- ka-shooooooooop ! the harpoon arc through the night sky snaring the landing strut ! malvern smile a twisted smile as the huey become a fly on a string above he ! malvern reel she in . one of the aussy take over the harpoon control from malvern . now the hydraulic engine start to pull the chopper down towards the ship ! int . malvern' huey helicopter - continuous abandon the now useless control , lara reach for the metallic BOX ... but larsen put a boot hard down on she hand . larsen I read somewhere that british girl like it rough . larsen viciously backhand lara , who stumble to she knee inside the cabin . now armed with the metallic box , larsen stand over lara , fully enjoy he position of power . larsen ( cont 'd ) tell you what . beg for you life like erikson do and I will make it a quickie for you . lara 's eye suddenly burn with a rage we have not see before . she leg whip larsen down to the floor and elbow he windpipe with such force that he release the metallic box . ext . malvern' ship - upper surface deck - continuous malvern and the rest of the aussie contingent stare up at the circle helicopter ... slowly be reele in closer to the ship by the aussie control the harpoon gun ! int . malvern' huey helicopter - continuous lara and larsen continue to slug it out inside the chopper , which lurch on the end of the harpoon line -- lara go tumble against the wall . larsen take the opportunity to grab back the metallic box , which he raise above he head to smash in lara 's skull . lara you wanna know how british girl really like it ? larsen hesitates for just a second , allow lara to kick he out the open side of the chopper . lara ( cont 'd ) with we on top . ext . malvern' ship - lower surface deck - continuous the huey have be pullea within 30 ' of the deck , so the fall do not immediately kill larsen , who smashes down into some shipping crate . malvern and the other aussy hurry down to the lower deck . with blood trickle from he mouth , larsen hold up the metallic box . a victorious grin despite the pain . larsen I ... I get the veil . int . malvern' huey helicopter - continuous lara cleverly maneuver the chopper so that the steel cable wrap around the aussie at the control of the harpoon gun ... ext . malvern' ship - lower surface - continuous malvern reach down and take the metallic box from larsen . a faint ticking can be hear . a worried look cross malvern 's face as he open the box to see lara 's ruse : cu - a brick of plastioue rig to blow in five second ! int . malvern' huey helicopter - continuous lara pitch the huey so she can get a clear view of the harpoon gun , then use the cable to crush the aussie at the control against the harpoon release lever -- klank ! finally free and clear , lara push the huey to its limit , speed away from the ship as the night sky goe red ! ext . pacific ocean - continuous the red flash fade to white , revealing a nuclear mushroom grow up from the water . the huey helicopter fly right at the camera , chase by the ENERGY wave . but lara never look back . and as the helicopter hit escape velocity , we ; long dissolve to : cu - london herald headline read : " New evidence of El dorado uncover ! " caption under photo of dodge and darby attribute the discovery of manco 's tomb to they . we be : int . bentley arnage - day lara , relax in the back seat , finish the article . lara bravo , boy . she kiss two finger and apply the sentiment to each man 's picture . karak drive with one eye on lara in the rear-view mirror . karak I take it you trip be ... rejuvenating ? lara wonderfully so , karak . karak do you find what you be look for ? lara think about this for a moment , then half -smile . lara yes. ( pause ) yes , I think I finally do . karak you have not forget about you aunt 's cocktail party ? lara ( instant dread ) be that tonight ? karak ( wry ) you can run , lara , but you can not hide . CUT to : int . aunt ev's flat - night this impressive West end flat be people with elderly men in tux and aging women drape in demure dress and ostentatious jewelry . aunt ev flit about , host a cocktail party for the upper crust of british society . suddenly , the din of vapid conversation drop a notch . all eye -- especially male -- fall firmly upon : lara crossing the room in black stiletto heel and a sheer , blood - red dress that hide everything ... and yet nothing . oddly , she 's carry a briefcase . as lara confidently make she way across the room , the sea of party - goer part magically before she . aunt ev spot she and hurry over . evelyn lara ! I be so glad you could make it . and look at you -- that vacation do you a world of good . lara it be a brilliant suggestion , aunt ev. May we speak alone for a moment ? evelyn yes , but only a moment . so many people to attend to , you know . int . aunt ev's flat - library - night lara and Evelyn enter a lushly - decorate sit room . a warm fire from the hearth illuminate the room . lara open she briefcase and pull out a stack of legal paper . lara I have sign the paperwork , as promise . evelyn how proud you mother would be , to see you fill she shoe so nicely . lara oh , I almost forget -- I bring you a little souvenir from my travel ... she hand she aunt the black veil . evelyn ( hate it ) you be so ... thoughtful . as Evelyn walk around look for a spot to place the veil : evelyn ( cont 'd ) I just do not know what to do with all this knickknack you give I . reveal almost every horizontal surface in the room be occupy by the incredible artifact lara have give she . evelyn ( cont 'd ) scion , dagger ... where in the world do you ever find this thing ? lara oh , here and there ... impatient , Evelyn finally cram the Black veil in a lower cubby hole , completely out of sight . lara ( cont 'd ) I would love to stay , but I have another very important engagement . evelyn ( ear perk up ) engagement ? who 's the lucky fellow ? lara ( deadpan ; tease she ) actually , there be three of they . off of Evelyn 's confound look , we ; CUT to : int . the world be end pub - night her red dress hike up , lara sit on a stool between the gadget boy -- Stuart , liam & wesley . they be all drink from a pint of dark ale . stuart so how be you trip ? liam what happen this time ? wesley you nail any bad ? lara such imagination ... lara enjoy she beer as the tv above the bar broadcast a news report over image of the blast remain of malvernis shipping vessel float in ocean . newscaster ... official be uncertain what initiate the nuclear blast , which fortunately be far enough from all major land mass to pose any threat of fallout ... the gadget boy all turn in unison to stare at lara . stuart that be you be not it ? lara ( feign indignation ) let I remind you , I be a proper british girl . the gadget boy be not sure what to believe as lara finish she beer in one big , unladylike swig . lara ( cont 'd ) most of the time anyway . lara 's sly smirk elicit smile from the boy , as we ; fade out :