tombstone a original screenplay by Kevin jarre fourth draft March 15 , 1993 roll prologue over MAIN title : a collage of old photo , print , etc. , and silent live - action vignettes , all dark and heavily shadow like a dimly - remember dream . the first image show the opulence of the gild Age , the epic vista of the west , cattle drive and cowtown with all they violence .... v.o. narration " the economic explosion follow the Civil War create a unprecedented nation - wide market for beef . previously worthless cattle run wild throughout Texas be gather into herd and drive north to the railhead in Kansas . fortune be make as cowtown spring up on the prairy , wide - open center of commerce and vice , they street choke with heavily - armed young Men fresh from the cattle drive . in that day the correct term for a cowhand be ' drover ' . ' cowboy ' , like ' cowpoke ' , be originally a insult imply deviant sexuality and be rarely use . but this invade drover be a wild breed for soon shooting and wholesale drunken riot become so frequent that ordinary citizen literally could not walk down the street . in fact at they height the cowtown have higher murder rate than modern New York or Los Angeles and there be no law but that of the gun . " a dash figure in a Prince Albert coat appear , long lock tumble down he shoulder , twin navy colt thrust into a red sash at he waist , a tin star on he chest . next we see he in action , down 3 barroom opponent at once , pistol flashing around the room like a strobe light : v.o. narration " straight - up at 75 yard or eye - to - eye at point - blank range , the great gunman of all time be a Illinois abolitionist farm boy name James butler hickok , better know as Wild Bill , the Prince of pistoleer . but Wild Bill work his trade on the side of justice and as marshal of cowtown like hay City and abilene he become a legend , the one man who stand between law and chaos . " now hickock sit face we , play poker as a shabby - look figure with a gun steal up behind he and fire ..... v.o. narration " Wild Bill 's fame spread nation - wide but he end come quietly in the spring of ' 76 when a strange cross -ey little drifter put a bullet through the back of he head , apparently for no other reason than he want to kill a celebrity . " now a group of cowhand carouse a streetcorner , raise hell as 2 mustachiod young lawmen walk up , try to quiet they down . v.o. narration " in dodge City meanwhile , Wyatt earp and bat masterson be become know as fast - gun . but they fame have nothing to do with shoot . " see it 's hopeless , the lawmen whip out they pistol and start clubbing the drover 's make they stagger and grimace , hold they head .... v.o. narration " earp and masterson operate more like modern policeman , use teamwork and persuasion to keep order . still , sometimes thing get out of hand . " a armed drover creep up behind the lawmen , about to fire .... v.o. narration " but Wyatt have a guardian angel . " a reed -thin figure with a saw - off shotgun step from the shadow behind the drover and fire . the huge blast white - out the screen for a instant , make the drover seem to disappear . the lawmen spin around . the thin man break the shotgun open then calmly hold out he wrist to be cuffed . earp look at he in shock , mouth the word " thanks " . v.o. narration " John Henry ' doc' holliday be the son of a aristocratic , highly culture southern family . train in Philadelphia , he have embarked on a career as a society dentist when he contract tuberculosis . advise to practice in the west where it be think the climate and clean air would prolong he life , Doc soon realized it be all only a matter of time and give up dentistry to become a professional gambler and gunman ... " the scene shift to a elegant victorian home : a stern jewish patriarch order he darkly beautiful daughter upstairs as she weep mother look on . the girl huff up the stair follow by she little white dog . next , the girl and dog be see escape through a window to the street below and a wait cab . v.o. narration " other head east . bent on become a actress . josephine Marcus defy she wealthy and very proper San Francisco jewish family to run away with a travel theatrical company , brave the peril of the Frontier on she own . dangerous as this might seem , it be another Age and woman be so rare , they presence so cherish that they could travel virtually anywhere in the west in perfect safety . " now we see horsemen silhouett against the night sky , a hand knock on a door , figure confer in darkness , then more rider , move west in restless haste toward the rise sun .... v.o. narration " at about this time the Texas ranger , have eliminate the commanche threat , turn they attention to the outlaw gang maraud along the Rio Grande , Cleaning up the border strip in 4 year of hard riding . that they could not indict or convict the ranger put down in they Black Book , let it be know that they could either leave Texas or face summary execution . this resulted in the mass migration of the absolute dregs of the Texas underworld to the most dangerous , uncivilize part of the entire country , the southeast corner of the Arizona territory . " a jag , moonlit landscape , a lone prospector and he burro move along a ridge , a pick digging into a rocky ledge , a ore car emerge from a mine shaft , finally a hilltop cluster of tent become the skeletal wood - frame beginning of a town .... v.o. narration " harsh and inhospitable , savage in turn by the Apache and mexican bandit , this have always be a accurse place , a virtual hell on earth where it be think life itself could never prosper , much v.o. narration ( cont. ) less civilization . then in 1879 , a prospector name Ed schiefflin set off alone into the dragoon Mountains . Friends tell he he be crazy , that the only thing he would find in this godforsake place would be he tombstone . instead he find silver , lot of it , and overnight the town of tombstone spring up . mining take out million in ore . land value shot sky-high and speculator and gambler and opportunist of all nation scramble in by the thousand to make tombstone queen of the boomtown , so rich that the latest Paris fashion , hard to find even in the biggest city , be sell there by the wagonload from the makeshift storefront . " a engrave of a stagecoach holdup , herd of cattle move north , a newspaper story of a massacre in Mexico , congressman railing at each other , shaking they fist .... v.o. narration " meanwhile , the exile texans have band together to form the nucleaus of a organize gang . seize controp of the surround countryside they robbed stagecoach at will while the big absentee business interest employ they as tax collector and strongarm man . but the backbone of they trade remain border rustling , periodic raid into Mexico to steal cattle while engage in what be describe as a virtual orgy of murder and violence . the raid become so frequent and so bloody that the mexican government formally protest to U.S. President Chester A. Arthur , prompt heat debate in Congress . General sherman declare that the only possible Way of bring order be to send in the army but in the wake of Civil War reconstruction federal intervention in civilian affair be politically impossible . " pound hoof , flow mane , a pack of night - riding horsemen kick hell - for-leather across the desert moonscape .... v.o. narration " with only some 100 member , the gang be a elite body of gunman , know by the red silk sashes they wear around they waist . fiercely proud of they terrify reputation and answerable to no one , they be a Law unto themselves , finally emerging as one of the earliest example in american history of full-scale organize crime . " end MAIN title as the screen fade to a ominous black and .... v.o. narration " they call themselves the Cowboys . " ext - sonora desert / canyon entrance - day Burning daylight , hard reality . a squad of uniform mexican rurale ride through the sonora desert , sabre glint in the sun . approach the mouth of a rocky canyon they hard - bitten captain signal they to stop , lean down to study a jumble of hoofprint on the ground . he turn to the anxious - look young rurale on he right , speak in Spanish via subtitle : captain it 's they , only a hour north . young rurale but this be the border . captain you see what that animal do at that rancho . you think a border be go to stop I ? no , I be go to see they suffer for what they do ! I swear it on my soul ! the Captain spur he horse and they ride on at a gallop , plunging into the canyon .... deleted ext - skeleton canyon - night the full moon throw fantastic shadow across the high wall of the canyon as the rurales ride through . at the bend the Captain halt they . the young one start to speak but the Captain shush he , peer into the darkness . a few beat then : captain turn around ! fast ! now ! but suddenly gunfire erupt from the shadow all around they , blast they from the saddle , each powder flash lighting up the canyon for a instant , freezing each victim in the moment of he death . then , just as abruptly the fire stop , leave only the Captain , the young rurale , and a 3rd rurale alive . daze and bloody , they struggle to they foot as 6 armed figure emerge from the shadow , walk into the moonlight toward they . with broad - brim hat sweep up in front , silk scarve and red sashes , high boot and silver - studd gunleather , they look like 17th century pirate . this be the Cowboys : old man clanton , the ageless , white - bearded leader ; curly bill brocius , 2nd-in -command , smile , bull - neck ; ike and billy clanton , the old man 's son ; florentino , a mexican half - breed ; and johnny ringo , dark , byronic , with a air of something very strange . the Old man nod to florentino : old man clanton tell them to get on they knee . florentino do so in Spanish . the other kneel but the Captain remain on he foot , steely - eye , defiant . florentino he will not kneel . he be proud . curly bill so how would you like we little carry - on over at that rancho ? kinda hit the spot do not it ? captain animal ! butcher ! old man clanton hey , somebody get that stick on his knee . curly Bill casually fire he shotgun into the Captain 's leg , drop he into a splay lotus position . curly Bill knod . curly bill gracias . old man clanton they call I Old man clanton . I be what you might call the founder of the feast . now maybe you be not Heard , but we skylark through you dingy little country just about any time we damn well please and big-hat , crummy - lookin ' free-hole stumblin ' around in the dark be not allow . messican po-lice , huh ? think you be bad medicine , do not you ? Hell , I have let stronger stuff run down my leg . so next time we come better step aside . get in we Hair again , we will see you prod off with butter knife and stuff them in you gob . ai not kiddin ' neither . you be tell . now git . the other rise and dash away but curly Bill stop the Captain : curly bill hold up , jefe . get a joke I wanna tell you . the Captain speak grimly in Spanish . florentino smile . florentino he say he know you kill he . curly bill now how would he figure that out ? florentino he say he be no ' afraid , someone will revenge for he . a sick horse . curly bill a sick horse ? what the hell ... scatter chuckle from the other but we notice ringo frown and draw he pistol as the Captain repeat the word . florentino something , I do not know , he talk Fancy , you know , like a priest . be like , " a sick horse who sit --- " ringo that 's not what he say , you ignorant wretch . you spanish be worse than you English . come on , let 's get it over with . ringo take aim . the Captain sneer , suddenly in English : rurale captain you go to hell ! ringo you first . ext - arizona desert - dawn gunshot as the Cowboys fire they pistol and shout , run they steal herd out of a draw into a clear where the mclaury brother wait : frank , older , edgy ; and tom , young , easy - go . tom look like you have a party ! curly bill oh , we have a big time ! the Old man , curly Bill , and ringo rein up and look out at the sun rise magnificently from the desert floor . the Old man stretch he leg in the stirrup , take out a whiskey flask . old man clanton ai not that sweet ? that 's why I stay out here . thank you , God . he raise the flask and drink . curly Bill turn to ringo : curly bill what would the messican mean , a sick horse 's gonna get we ? do not make no sense . ringo he be quote the bible , revelation : " behold a pale horse and the one that sit on he be death and Hell follow with he . " curly bill well now that 's a little more like it . ext - train station platform / telegraph office - day a black horse , a fabulous thoroughbre stallion , rear and neigh on a open flat - car where it 's tethere with 4 near - identical gelding . a small boy try to pet it as a strong - feature , fair- haire man appear , quieting the horse . tall and slim in a black frock coat and black flat - brim hat , he move with assurance and grace , a man in control . this be wyatt earp . dake " dear Governor gosper - in be yours direct action against Cowboys , stop . beg to inform have twice send deputy to serve warrant on cowboy suspect , stop . nothing to show for it but 2 dead deputy , stop . short of depute U.S. Army be at loss - deputy ( point at Wyatt ) the tall man over there , marshal . I be not sure but I think that 's Wyatt earp . dake Wyatt earp ? oh , right , dodge City . back down the platform Wyatt stroke the stallion gently , look up as dake approach . dake Mr. earp ? my name 's dake , crawley dake . I be the U.S. marshal for - wyatt forget it . dake Excuse I ? wyatt I say forget it , answer 's no , I do not want the job and that 's final . I be go to tombstone and nothin ' short of dyin 's gonn stop I . good day . dake but wait , you do not understand - wyatt no marshal , you do not understand . I be through with law , I be through with the whole proposition . forever . I do my duty , now I would like to get on with my life . that be if you do not mind . Jesus . good day now . dake I see , off to strike it rich , huh . all right , fine , wish you luck . tell you this though , never be a rich man yet do not wind up with a guilty conscience . wyatt already get a guilty conscience , might as well have the money too . dake retreat . Wyatt turn back to he horse testily . suddenly : o.s. voice Boy , I would know that sour face anywhere . Wyatt turn . his brother stand behind he , smile . though virgil be a little older and heavier . morgan a little young and slimmer , they be otherwise identical to Wyatt , right down to they style of dress . Wyatt break into a grin , hugging they both , he cool replace with a almost boyish enthusiasm . morgan well how do we look ? wyatt hey ! Virgil ! my God ! Morgan ! hey , Boy ! you look great ! both of you ! Virgil 's blonde wife allie , small , fierce , and irish , step up with Morgan 's fair , cameo- lovely young louisa in tow . virgil Wyatt , you remember allie allie good God , well he better . wyatt ( hug she , laugh ) allie-girl ... and louisa ! you be so lovely . I be at you foot , darlin ' . just at you foot . ( turn to Morgan ) guess it 's only right . ma always Said you be the prettiest . virgil but she dote on the frowner Wyatt 's handsome blonde wife mattie enter from the street : mattie Wyatt , I could not find a single store that have laudanum any - wyatt mattie , they be here ! folk this be celia Ann but you can call she mattie . or even Mrs. earp if you prefer . virgil Mrs. earp ? land o ' love , it finally happen ! mattie it 's a pleasure ! all exchange greeting and hug . Wyatt positively beam : wyatt Boy , I sure be dreamin ' about this . God ! since forever ! wait ! he turn they toward the stationhouse window , arrange they in a group and point to they reflection . wyatt there , look at that ! God almighty Wyatt smile , shaking he head . Morgan 's start to speak , but : wyatt do not talk , just ... yeah . they stand silently , study themselves , together as a family . Wyatt still shaking he head happily , drink it in . finally : wyatt all right , now let 's go make we fortune . deleted ext - wagon - magic hour a large woman , Wyatt 's black horse tie to the rear , cross the majestic , forbid Arizona desert with its red volcanic rock and the giant saguaro cactus dotting the landscape so mysteriously , like huge , spiny hieroglyphics .... ext - camp by river - night a camp by the river under a clear night sky drip with star . after dinner . the woman , Virgil , and Morgan sit by the fire . Morgan petting he dog , a sweet little foxhound . louisa sit behind he , twirling he silky blonde hair , turn to mattie : louisa do not you love they hair ? they all have the same hair . just then Wyatt appear on he stallion , gallop across the moonlit plain toward they , sit he horse like a centaur . it 's clear he 's a magnificent horseman . Virgil smile : virgil look at he go , will ya ? I tell you , that 's the real Wyatt , bear in the saddle . mattie oh , he can go all right . allie can he then ? mattie Rather ride than eat . the woman cackle lasciviously . Virgil groan at allie : virgil try to be a lady , will you ? Wyatt ride up and dismount , unsaddle the horse . morgan give he some good exercise ? sure some stud . some string in fact . what be you gonna do , race them ? wyatt hope so . clean up with this boy . louisa turn to mattie , fishing in she bag : louisa mattie hon ' , do you say you need some laudanum ? I have a bottle right here . just be careful . it 's full of hop . mattie you be a lifesaver ! do not worry , I just get headache sometimes . as Wyatt lead the horse away the woman get up , allie and louisa go to the river with dish , mattie crossing to the wagon . Virgil and Morgan watch she appreciatively : virgil mighty fine . wonder where he found she . same place we find our probably at the other end of camp mattie climb into the wagon and lie down . Wyatt appear and start to stroke she head . wyatt come up to the fire , honey . mattie I think I will just lie down awhile a coyote start howling from the far darkness . mattie shudder : mattie Long as I live I will never get use to that sound . wyatt they be just lonely be all . Hell , I howl myself sometimes . mattie you get lonely ? she seem genuinely surprised . Wyatt look genuinely confuse . over at the fire , Morgan hug and mash louisa playfully . morgan come up , Lou . come up here , girl . louisa stop ... she fight loose . Wyatt walk up , sit , shaking he gold watch . wyatt look at that . busted . brand new money Ward , too. 33 year old and I do not even have a decent watch . ' Bout time I start lookin ' out for myself . virgil well here we be a family again . be so long plain forget how good it feel . want to thank you for that , Wyatt . all you doin ' . wyatt we be gonna do it , boy . gonna get ours . feel it in my bone . all we have to do be keep we eye on that brass ring . morgan ( lie back ) Boy , look at all that star . Bet you can see every star there be . practical touch them . kinda make you think , you know ? I mean you look up and you think God make all that but he still remember to make a little speck like I . kinda flatter really . hey , Wyatt , you believe in God ? no , come on , really , do you ? wyatt maybe , yeah . Hell , I do not know . morgan well what do you think happen when you die ? wyatt get I . somethin ' . nothin ' . I do not know . morgan I read this book , book on spiritualism ... virgil oh , God , here he go ... morgan ... say a lot of people , when they be dyin' , they see this light , like in a tunnel . they say it 's the light lead you to heaven . wyatt really ? what about hell ? they get a sign or what ? morgan hey , Wyatt , God damn it , I be serious ! wyatt well that 's you problem . hey virge , see anything of Doc while you be in Prescott ? virgil hit a streak when we leave . him and kate . allie ( from the stream ) uh , that woman . wyatt I miss Doc . I miss that ol ' rip . virgil I do not allie neither do I . wyatt he make I laugh . int - prescott SALOON - night a handsomely appoint saloon . at a corner table , the pot be so rich 2 player have fold leave ed bailey , a big , sullen , tough - look gambler , face gaunt , elegant doc holliday . full of southern refinement and languid , almost feline grace . Doc have such unerr style and aplomb that he make he constant tubercular cough sound as if he 's merely clear he throat . Bailey lean forward , seethe with impatience : bailey I say that 's 500 to you , holliday . in or out ? doc 500 ? sly boot , must be a peach of a hand . kate horony , Doc 's voluptuous hungarian consort enter , refilling he engrave silver stirrup cup . she have a faint accent : kate here , Doc . doc bless you , darling ( put arm around she ) darling ! be you mad ? you be not wearing a bustle . how lewd ! bailey oh , for Christ 's sake ! doc Ed Bailey , you look like you be just ready to burst . well call I a fool but I guess I will just have to call . cover you ear , darling . Doc cover the bet and show he hand . Bailey pound the table . bailey God damn son of a ... doc be not that a daisy ? bailey just pick up you money and go . sick of listen to you simper . doc now Ed , be we cross ? Doc lean forward , revealing a ivory gun - butt under he coat . bailey skinny lunger , you gun do not impress I . be not for that gun you would be nothin ' . doc why Ed , what a ugly thing to say ! do this mean you be not my friend anymore ? you know , Ed , if I think you be not my friend I do not think I could bear it . now a cheshire cat smile we will soon come to know very well steal over Doc 's face as he take out he nickel - plate .38 colt lightn and .45 peacemaker and lay they on the table . doc there , now we can be friend again . but remember , Ed , friendship be trust - so please do not hurt I . Doc bat he eyelash . Bailey jump up , boil . a long , sweaty moment , then Bailey lunge . Doc spring up , grab he by the hair and jabbing he fist into Bailey 's armpit . Bailey scream and double over . Doc give he two more blow , so light they hardly seem capable of the effect they be have . but as he turn to give he another we suddenly see that there 's a knife in Doc 's hand . the bartender reach for the shotgun under the bar . kate pull a derringer from she muff and put it to he ear . kate touch that gun , I burn you down ! he back off . kate cover the room . Bailey drop to he knee . bailey oh , my God ... doc do it hurt ? a lot ? good . eye gleam cruelly , Doc blow he cigarette smoke into Bailey 's face . Bailey sink to the floor in a fetal position . kate gather up the pot as Doc retrieve he gun , look around the room . then both back up to the door . doc well , good evening then . they exit . the other look down at the groan Bailey lie in a pool of he own blood . a gambler shake he head : 1st gambler juda ... ext - STREET outside - night Doc and kate stride quickly down the board sidewalk to the hotel . doc I calculate that 's the end of this town . and let 's do not bother about the luggage , darling . kate I be have the boy at the Hotel pack we up every night since you streak start kate point to 2 horse saddle and pack outside the hotel . doc my sweet clever magyar , so that 's why you be not wear a bustle . Doc give kate a peck on the cheek as they mount and ride off ... ext - tombstone outskirt / cottage - day a small cottage at the edge of town . as the earp drive up we see a sobbing woman sit splay - legge in the middle of the street while she husband try to comfort she . 3 small child stand alongside they , watch in stunne silence as Cowboys frank stillwell , cocky , arrogant , and pete spence , lean , dark , heave they furniture and belonging out of the cottage into the street while snarling thing like , " shut up ... deadbeat ... move it ! " the earp stop , stare at this scene in shock , allie look ready to fight . Virgil restrain she , stillwell look up : stillwell what be you lookin ' at ? Virgil look at Wyatt who shake he head . they drive on as .... ext - allen stress , tombstone - day unlike the dreary , weather - beat western town in movie , tombstone be new and colorful , part town , part mining camp , a wild mixture of brightly paint wooden storefront and half - finish stone building rimmed by cluster of tent and shanties , all perch atop a hill with a magnificent view of the desert and the purple dragoon mountain beyond . we hear the vibrant din of hammer and saw , player pianos , hurdy - gurdy , clip-clopping horse ' hoof , and peal laughter as the earp drive up Allen Street , the main drag , line with saloon after saloon , sidewalk bustling with drover , miner , chiname , and sullen gun-tote hard - case . they pull up in front of the Grand Hotel and step down . johnny behan , handsome , well - dress , wear a ornate crescent - shape gold sheriff 's badge and a ready smile walk up and shake hand : behan newcomer , eh? name John behan , I be cochise County sheriff . just hit town ? wyatt just this minute . I be Wyatt earp , this be my brother - behan Wyatt earp ... dodge City , right ? wyatt gave all that up . go into business . behan well I be the man to see . besides sheriff I be also tax collector , Captain of the Fire Brigade , and Chairman of the non-partisan anti- chinese league . a man of many part . get a place to stay yet ? I also sit on the townlot Commission . get a couple of Lovely cottage come up for Rent . here , let I show you ... ext - tombstone outskirt / cottage - day the earp and behan stand on the porch of the very same cottage we see the Cowboys evict the family from . behan the one next door and the one across the street be vacant too . same rent and I will throw in a good clean . believe I , you wo not find a better deal within town limit . Wyatt look enquiringly at he brother . they shrug . he 's call the shot . Wyatt shrug back . finally : wyatt guess we will take all three . ext - o.k. corral / allen ST . - day a large stable and corral back up into a vacant lot . Wyatt 's big horse feed in they stall while Wyatt face the stableboy : wyatt ... and easy on the grain , I do not want them too fidgety . Morgan and Virgil enter with fred white , the jovial old town marshal . shake hand , all 4 go up Allen , take in the town . morgan Wyatt , meet Fred White , he 's town marshal . wyatt lotta law around here . just meet the sheriff . white who , behan ? he be not no law , only Real law here 's the Cowboys . virgil the Cowboys , yeah . I hear of them . white nobody do nothin ' without them . they be it . Hell , even the Apache be scared of them . there 's a couple right there : sherman McMasters and pony deal . can always spot a cowboy , they all wear that red sashes . White point to sherman mcmaster and pony deal , a half - breed , stand over by the hotel , joke in sign language . virgil look pretty rough . wyatt just like any other hard case . gotta know how to handle them . white well I be no Wild Bill . Way I handle them 's just mainly live and let live . that usually answer but even so , get kinda spooky sometimes . still somebody 's gotta do it , I mean how the hell else you gonna walk down the street ? virgil do not anybody raise a stink ? the hell kinda town be this ? white boomtown . Wide open . people grabbin ' with both hand be not get time for any law and order . in fact the less law the more opportunity there be for makin ' money . plain fact be the Cowboys be good for business . wyatt what about all this saloon ? white ah , now that 's the real mother - lode in tombstone . up and down Allen Street , full - blast 24 hour a day , liquor , hostess , gamblin ' , makin ' money hand over fist . all except the Oriental . on account of the element . have a man for breakfast in there most day . regular slaughter house . High - roller will not go near it . too bad , nice place . Wyatt nod , suddenly very interested as they walk on and .... ext - oriental SALOON - day we feel the sensual delight of go from hot sun into cool dark as Wyatt enter , go up to the ornate mahogany bar . though a large , handsome saloon complete with game table , it have only a few patron on hand . " the lilly and the Rose " be on the player piano as bartender milt joyce appear : joyce what can I get you ? wyatt let I have one of that cigar . ( light up , look around ) kinda nice in here . you run it ? joyce milt Joyce , owner-operator . wyatt well , excuse I for askin ' , milt , but be not it kinda dead in here ? Joyce point to the faro table in the corner where johnny tyler , a unshaven plug-ugly with a big d.a. colt .45 carry ostentatiously in a shoulder holster , deal to a couple of scruffy - look drifter . joyce you see that bird at the faro table ? that 's johnny Tyler . he barge in here one day , say he be takin ' over the game , start slappin ' customer , wavin ' he gun around , scarin ' off all the high-class play . only trade come in here now 's just bummer and drover , just the dregs . wyatt why do not you get rid of he and get yourself straight dealer ? joyce well sure , neighbor , easy to say . int - faro table - day as Wyatt walk up Tyler start snarling at one of the player : tyler you back that Queen again , you Son of a bitch , I will blow you right out of that chair ! ( look up , see Wyatt ) somethin ' on you mind ? wyatt just want to let you know you be sit in my chair . tyler that a fact ? wyatt yeah . it 's a fact . Tyler look Wyatt over , note he be unarm . he stand , sneering : tyler for a man that do not go heele you run you mouth kinda reckless . wyatt do not need to go heele to get the bulge on a dub like you . tyler that a fact ? wyatt yeah . it 's a fact . tyler well I be real scared . wyatt damn right you be scared . I can see it in you eye . Wyatt step forward suddenly , eye cold and hard like a shark . suddenly realize he 's in way over he head . Tyler shrink back reflexively , he hand move toward he gun . the other player scatter . Wyatt nod , he voice calm and steady : wyatt go ahead . skin it . skin that smoke wagon and see what happen . tyler listen mister , I be get ' tired - Wyatt abruptly slap he face , make he tooth clack together . wyatt I be get tired of you gas . jerk that pistol and go to work . Tyler go pale , all pretense of courage go . Wyatt slap he again . wyatt I say throw down , boy . another slap . Tyler stay freeze , blood drip down he chin . wyatt you gonna do something or just stand there and bleed ? Tyler 's do . Wyatt pluck he gun away , hand it to Joyce . wyatt no , I do not think so . here , milt. keepsake , hang it over the bar . all right , youngster . out you go ... Wyatt take Tyler by the ear , drag he across the room like a unruly child . at the door he give the ear a twist . wyatt and do not come back . ever . Tyler wince . Wyatt shove he out into the street then turn to Joyce casually : wyatt see how easy that be ? ext - corner of allen &amp ; 5 th STREET ( stagecoach ) - day later . Wyatt walk up to he brother at the corner . wyatt well we be off and run . just acquire we a quarter - interest in the game at the Oriental . virgil acquire ? wyatt so to speak . down the block , unseen by the earp , a wild - eye Tyler be advance on they with a saw - off shotgun . he be within 20 foot when suddenly : o.s. voice why johnny Tyler , you madcap , where be you go with that shotgun ? Tyler spin around to see Doc stand in a doorway , smile . Tyler freeze . tyler Doc . I do not know you be in town . Wyatt spot Doc and walk up , brother in tow . though they do not so much as shake hand , we sense a strong bond between the 2 man . wyatt Doc ! how the hell be you ? doc perfect , Wyatt . simply perfect . tyler Wyatt ? Wyatt earp ? morgan go into business for ourselves . Wyatt just get we a faro game . doc since when be faro a business ? wyatt do not you always say gambling 's a honest trade ? doc I say poker 's a honest trade . only sucker buck the tiger . the odd be all with the house . wyatt depend how you look at it . I mean it 's not like anybody 's holding a gun to they head . doc that 's what I love about Wyatt . he can talk himself into anything . they laugh . frozen there . Tyler begin to tremble . finally : doc oh sorry , johnny , I forget all about you . you can go now . just leave the shotgun . tyler thank you . Tyler scuttle off as behan approach affably . Doc sniff . wyatt sheriff behan , Doc holliday . doc forgive I if I do not shake hand . behan so how 's tombstone treat you ? wyatt Fine , fine . but I be thinkin ' , you know what this town really need be a race track . behan actually , you know , that 's not a bad idea , send a signal we be grow up . doc Little ahead of yourselves , be not you ? this be just a mining Camp . behan see how everyone dress ? awfully toney for a mining camp . no , the die 's cast , we be grow , be as Big as San Francisco in a few year . and just as sophisticated . doc I can hardly wait . as if on cue , a bullet whizhes past behan 's head . everyone duck . more gunfire as a man hold a bloody hand to he throat reel out the door of the nearby Crystal Palace , he gun fire wildly like a sputtering engine before he pitch face first onto the sidewalk , dead . immediately 2 more man appear : a staggering drunk with a bullet hole in he shoulder ; and turkey creek jack johnson , a leathery plainsman with he gun at the ready . a crowd form as the drunk raise he pistol , bellow . drunk you son of a bitch ! johnson that 's right , keep comin ' , keep comin ' ... doc ( turn to behan ) very cosmopolitan . wyatt I know he . that 's Creek Johnson . suddenly a 3rd man , TEXAS jack vermillion , long-haire , hawk - nose , appear , pistol at the ready , keep bystander at bay . vermillion easy , gent . private affair ... ( spot Wyatt ) Wyatt ! doc! hey ! wyatt Jack ... drunk you bastard ! the drunk now have raise he gun to where it 's almost level and : johnson yeah , good . right about there . Johnson fire . the drunk drop in a heap . Johnson spot Wyatt : johnson hello , Wyatt ! hiya Doc ! wyatt what be that all about ? vermillion drunk . crawfish a bet , call him a liar . I see the whole thing . doc ( turn to behan ) sheriff , may I present a pair of fellow sophisticate , Turkey Creek Jack Johnson and Texas Jack vermillion ? watch you ear , Creek . Doc point to he bloody ear . Johnson touch it , see the blood , give a silent start . just then White arrive , look weary , face Johnson and vermillion . white ' fraid I will have to have that gun . johnson Fair fight . we be legal . white sorry , boy . gotta take you before judge spicer . vermillion well law and order every time , that 's we . they hand over they gun while Virgil look at the 2 dead man lie in the street , shaking he head : virgil what kinda town be this ? vermillion Nice scenery . they look . a stagecoach stop in the street . josephine marcus look out the window , she little white dog under she chin . she and Wyatt spot each other instantly , both impressed . behan that must be the theatrical troupe . there 's a show tonight at schieffelin Hall . johnson hey , Wyatt , you goin ' to the show ? maybe we will see you there . ( turn to White ) wo not we . white yeah , probably . White lead they off to jail . Wyatt and josephine hold each other 's gaze as the coach drive on . Doc smile : doc well , a enchant moment ext - grand HOTEL ( stagecoach ) - day pony deal and McMasters watch as the actor exit the coach for the hotel . josephine turn to the pretty 1st actress : josephine interesting little scene . I wonder who that tall man be . 1st actress typical frontier type . Long and lean . and that gray eye . like a Wild hawk . you see quite a few of his type out here . josephine oh , I want one . int - lobby , grand HOTEL - day the actor enter , go to the desk while josephine look for a place to sit . a fat , well - dress easterner with a newspaper sit nearby , ignore she . see this from outside , McMasters instantly barge into the lobby , hoist the easterner out of he chair , and hurl he bodily out into the street . josephine nod she surprised thanks . McMasters tip he hat shyly , exit as the 1st actress return with she key . they exchange look .... int - shieffelin hall - night a full house , pandemonium . curly Bill , ringo and they cowboy entourage form a block in the center row while billy brekenridge , behan 's bespectacle , slightly effeminate little deputy make he timid way down the aisle , look for a seat midst the off fist - fight and yell match . 2 cocky young Cowboys , billy ground and zwing hunt , call out to he : hunt hey , sister Boy ! curly bill shut up , Zwing . sit here , billy . curly Bill beckon . happy as a lark , breakenridge take the seat next to he . up above , the earp sit in a box , the woman thrilled : allie this be so much fun ! we have not be to a show since year . mattie I hope they be good . stillwell ( shouting from below ) Lady , they better be good . Doc enter , kate on he arm . the woman exchange uneasy nod . doc kate , you know the earp . they sit as White enter with Mayor JOHN clum and wife . white Wyatt , this be Mayor clum and he wife . clum you reputation precede you . I wonder - wyatt not a prayer . Nice meetin ' you . while the orchestra tune up and the crowd 's excitement rise , White sit next to Wyatt , point out the different Cowboys and give a thumbnail sketch of each as we pan over they : white well everybody 's here except the Old man . get the blade , billy Grounds , Zwing hunt , billy claiborne , wes fuller , Tom and Frank mclaury , billy clanton 's the youngest . Wild one . then the breed , hank swill , pony deal . florentino 's mex-breed . they all hate mex , but he hate them special . johnny barne , Frank stillwell . that 's behan 's little deputy , billy breakenridge . follow the Cowboys around like a puppy . and the big boy : curly Bill brocius , he 's the Old man 's rimrod ; the one look like a actor , that 's johnny ringo . best gun alive they say . he 's kinda different . curly Bill 's the only one he talk to . I mean they be all rough boy , but ringo ... I do not know . I really do not Music . the house light dim . the audience hush . a spotlight hit easel at the end of the stage : " Professor Gillman and his ballet of gravity . " out in the audience , barne groan : barne Professor gilllman ? oh hell , I see he in bisbee . he catch stuff . the curtain go up . professor gillman , a 3rd rate juggler in white tie , tailcoat , and black tight step out and start toss indian club in the air . the audience start groan but the Professor 's rictus-like smile never change . have see enough , Frank stillwell stand up and shout : stillwell hey profesor ! catch this ! stillwell raise he pistol and fire . a indian club explode in the Professor 's hand . scream and scattered laughter in the audience . the Professor be freeze in utter shock , stare at the bullet graze on he hand and say out loud : gillman they shot I ! I do not believe it ! a chord of music and the curtain drop like stone . applause .... ext - backstage - night the other acotr hustle the Professor off the stage , appal . the 1st actress turn to mr . fabian , a handsome , slightly raffish classical tragedian . 1st actress my God , they be shoot at we ! they be actually shoot at we ! what will we do ? fabian only thing we can do , dear - be good . in any event , at least we wo not have to wait for we notice . excite , be not it ? now this be theater ! int - shieffelin hall - night more music and another card read : " selection from the bard of Mr. romulus fabian , tragedian in excelsis . " the curtain rise and fabian step out , a purple velvet cloak wrap resplendently about he like a toga . in the audience , curly Bill 's mouth drop : curly bill prettiest man I ever see fabian throw open he cloak , revealing he lithe form in doublet and tight . the whore in the gallery hoot and cheer . fabian bow . stillwell how come he be not wearin ' no pants ? barne ( point to whore ) that 's how come . fabian lady and gentleman , the St crispin 's Day speech from Henry V . to set the scene , England be now at war with France . everything rest upon the battle about to begin . Henry , the young King of England , address he man thusly : " my cousin westmorland ? no , my fair cousin - " another gunshot and a bullet spang into the column next to fabian with a shower of plaster . without miss a beat , fabian casually flick a chunk off he shoulder and continue : fabian " if we be mark to die , we be enow / to do we country loss ; and if to live . / the fewer I , the great the share of honour ... " in the audience barne holster he smoke pistol reflectively . barne he 's get nerve , I will say that . what do you think , billy ? Starry -ey , breakenridge answer without think : breakenridge oh , he wonderful ! ground uh-oh , look like somebody 's in love . Raw laughter from the other . breakenridge sink in he seat . curly bill let he alone . on stage fabian be in full cry , give the local a slice of the ripest ham : fabian " we few , we happy few , we band of brother ; / for he today that shed he blood with I / shall be my brother ; be he not 'er so vile . / this day shall gentle he condition ; / and gentleman in England now a-be / shall think themselves accur would they be no here . / and hold they manhood cheap while any speak / that fought with we upon Saint crispin 's day ! " Wild applause and cheer . fabian bow with elaborate modesty . curly bill that 's great ! that 's we kinda stuff ! the curtain fall . another card : " faust - or the Devil 's bargain " and the orchestra whirl into " danse macabre " by Saint - saen , the rise curtain revealing a wild pain backdrop , all black and red , cover with weird , beardsley - esque design and image of death and damnation . a light come up , revealing a ancient white - bearded scholar sit alone with he book . then a hood Satan dance across the stage , slender and lissome in pane black doublet and breech and black hose , tempting the old man with image of wealth and youth in the form of a shimmer blonde ballerina . the old man succumb , signing Satan 's contract . the audience watch in rapt attention , especially the Cowboys : stillwell he 's gonna some up short on that one . curly bill know what I would do ? I would take the deal then crawfish and drill that ol ' Devil in the ass . how ' bout you , johnny ? what would you do ? ringo I already do it . Satan make a flourish . a flash - pad explosion transform the old scholar into a young student . the ballerina flit by . the student offer she gold . they dance , swirl about the stage in a mad waltz with Satan hover behind they , mirrore they every move like a puppet master . finally , have get all he gold , the ballerina drift away leave the young student alone , lose in bitterness as he change back into the old scholar sit with he book . Satan appear over he , exultant and triumphant , ready to collect the debt as the curtain fall with a final crash chord . thunderous cheer and applause . the curtain rise again and the performer come out for bow , all except Satan . doc very instructive wyatt but who be the Devil ? suddenly Satan bound out , remove the hood . it 's josephine . morgan it 's that woman from the coach ! wyatt I will be damned ... josephine spot Wyatt 's box and smile . Doc raise a eyebrow : doc you may indeed . if you get lucky . ext - allen STREET - night after the show and theatergoer , include the earp , stroll homeward arm -in - arm down Allen , all look up at the clear night sky above . at the Oriental Wyatt stop , turn to Virgil : wyatt comin ' to the Oriental , virge ? allie not tonight ! tonight I and my Old mar n're gonna have some fun . get move , old man ! she laugh , shove Virgil down the street . he look at Wyatt : virgil her maiden name be Sullivan . wyatt ( kiss mattie ) better go with them , honey . here 's where I leave you . mattie ( grab he hand ) no , stay . please stay with I . wyatt honey , I gotta start makin ' money . mattie oh , all right . wyatt well I guess I do not have to go right now . I guess I could stay a little while . mattie no , no , I do not want to keep you . wyatt no really , I can stay a while . mattie just go . it 's all right . Wyatt , really . work well . wyatt all right , well , good night . another kiss and he head for the Oriental with Morgan . mattie walk on after the other , fishing through she bag for she bottle of laudanum .... deleted int - oriental - night the saloon be pack . track along the bar at floor level past a wild array of high - button shoe , patent leather pump , and stack -heeled boot with jingling silver spur . track again at shoulder level past a equally wild array of slouch hat , pork - pie , derby , and wide - brim sombreros . Wyatt sit against the wall , deal faro with Doc at he side , Morgan on lookout while a sweaty overdress high roller make bet , gnash he tooth and drum he finger n a fever of impatient greed : high roller all right , I be on fire ! Black Seven , seven stickin ' spade . let 's go ! wyatt I be you man ... ( deal card ) you win again . well play , sir . you be on fire . high roller told you . I be red hot , I be blazin ' ! now , red seven . Seven stinkin ' diamond . look out ! five thousand ! let 's go ! wyatt awful lot of money . high roller can not take the heat , get outta the kitchen . wyatt you be the doctor . ( deal card ) sad news , friend . high roller damn ! all right , wait a minute ... the high roller lay a set of deed out on the table as .... int - oriental - night a break in the game . Wyatt study the deed as Morgan and Doc look on . kate sit to one side , blow smoke ring contentedly . wyatt so now we be in the mining Business . turn into regular tycoon . gonna call this one the mattie blaylock . mattie will get a kick out of that , it 's she maiden name . doc and what a maiden , pure as the drive snow , I be sure . morgan hey Doc ! come on now . wyatt just he style , morg. do not mean anything . doc so tell I , Wyatt . I be curious . do you actually consider youself a marry man ? forsake all other ? wyatt well yeah . pretty much . I mean I be no angel when we meet but people change Doc . I mean sooner or later you gotta grow up . doc I see . and what would you do if " she " walk in she right now ? wyatt " she " ? doc you know damn well who I mean . that dusky-hued lady Satan . wyatt I do not know . probably ignore she . doc ignore she ? wyatt I would ignore she . people can Change , doc. doc I will remember you say that . Doc point . josephine have just walk in with the other actor . wyatt oh , hell ... she spot Wyatt and start toward he but he look away , as if ignore she . she stop . behan step up to she , tipping he hat , very gallant . they move toward the bar . Wyatt turn to Doc . wyatt satisfied ? doc I stand correct . Wyatt . you be a oak . josephine and behan chat at the bar . White nudge Joyce : white since when would you start servin ' lady in here ? joyce actress . it 's different . Mr fabian enter , dramatically get - up like Lord Byron . the whole bar burst into applause . he bow . breakenridge jump up from he table , excited : breakenridge here , Mr fabian , have this table . he seat fabian near the faro game , get he some champagne . fabian oh , thank you . you be very kind . breakenridge Mr. fabian , I have get to tell you , that 's the most wonderful thing I ever see . what be that ? fabian Henry 's all right but he 's no Match for the melancholy dane . ( see he confusion ) hamlet , dear friend , the supreme role of any actor worth he salt . doc ( lean in , point to Wyatt ) here 's a man you should meet , Mr. fabian . excellent character study for you , the real - life actual melancholy dane . fabian indeed , sir ? how so ? doc well he hem , he haw , he talk out of both side of he mouth - but all on a very high plane , just like hamlet . wyatt get drunk , Doc . Doc chuckle . suddenly curly Bill loom over the faro table with ringo and a drunken ike clanton . curly bill Wyatt earp , huh ? I hear of you . ike listen , Mr. Kansas law-dog . Law do not go around she . savvy ? wyatt I be retire . curly bill good . that 's real good . ike yeah , that 's good , Mr. Law -dog , ' cause law do not go around here . wyatt I hear you the first time . curly bill shut up , ike . ringo ( step up to Doc ) and you must be Doc holliday . doc that 's the rumor . ringo you retire , too ? doc not I . I be in my prime . ringo yeah , you look it . doc and you must be ringo . look , darling , johnny ringo . the deadliest pistoleer since Wild Bill , they say . what do you think , darling ? should I hate he ? kate you do not even know he . doc yes , but there 's just something about he . something around the eye , I do not know , remind I of ... I . no. I be sure of it , I hate he . wyatt ( to ringo ) he 's drunk . doc in vino veritas . ringo Age quod agis . doc credat judaeus apella . ringo ( pat gun ) ecentus stultorum magister . doc ( cheshire cat smile ) in pace requiescat . white ( enter , appease ) come on now . we do not want any trouble in here . not in any language . doc evidently Mr. ringo 's a educate man . now I really hate he . ringo look at Doc , hold he gaze while suddenly whipping out he .45 . everyone but Doc flinch . ringo do a dazzle series of twirl and trick , he nickel - plate pistol flash like a blaze of silver fire , finally slapping it back into he holster with a flourish . cheer and hoot . Doc roll he eye , hook a finger through the handle of he silver cup , then launch into a exact duplication of ringo 's routine use a cup instead of a gun . the room burst into laughter . Doc shrug . ringo let a strange little hint of a smile cross he face then exit with the other . White exhales , turn to Wyatt : white see what I mean about it get spooky ? wyatt curly Bill , huh ? who be that other idiot ? white ike clanton , Old man 's eldest Son . know he be not get the stuff , make he miserable . wyatt yeah , and dangerous . sitting up on the bar to see the show , josephine turn to behan : josephine the man deal faro . who be he ? behan that 's Wyatt earp . make quite a name for himself as a peace Officer in Kansas . josephine a peace officer ... impressive man behan yes , very . and very marry . josephine oh , so that 's it ... ext - allen STREET / oriental - night curly Bill step out with ike and ringo . he look around . curly bill I feel like doin ' somethin' . get woolly . ( look up ) hey , chinky ! come here a minute ... a old chinaman mince by . curly Bill dash after he ... back &amp ; forth int / ext - oriental / allen STREET - night later . Doc be at the piano , drunk as a lord but play chopin flawlessly . kate pour he another drink . kate that 's my lovin ' man . just can not get enough . doc enough ? never . now the High - roller come reeling up , loud and gratingly drunk . high roller hey , be that " Old Dog tray " ? sound like " Old Dog tray " . doc what ? high roller you know , Stephen Foster . " oh , susanna " . " camptown race " , stephen-stinkin' - Foster ! doc I see , well this happen to be a nocturne . high roller a which ? doc you know , frederic-fuck - chopin . Doc play on . josephine leave with behan . Morgan sigh : morgan now that wound I . Little tin swain walkin ' off with that black beauty . I mean I be a marry man and all but still , it be not right . Wyatt grunt and nod , perturb . outside the other mount up but curly Bill stand drugge - up in the middle of the street , arm out , head back , eye close , luxuriate in the moonlight . curly bill Boy , I feel great ! full of that hop I get from chinky . I feel just capitol ! you boy go ahead . I be gonna stick around awhile , howl at the moon . the other shrug and ride off . curly Bill pull he pistol , spin it . back inside the Oriental it 's late , few patron remain . a few beat then suddenly everyone jump as gunshot echo from outside . White go to the window , look outside : white curly Bill . he 's over across the Street shootin ' out the light . clum this be great , this be just great . just then behan dash in , white as a sheet , josephine in tow : behan have you be out in the street ? somebody 's get to do something . clum you be the sheriff . behan it 's not County business , it 's a town matter . outside curly Bill start take potshot at a passerby 's foot , make he dance down the street and scurry for cover . curly Bill cackle . Inside White turn uneasily to Wyatt : wyatt why do not you just leave it alone ? white no , I gotta do something . I do not suppose you would card - wyatt none of my business , Fred . Wyatt keep deal , Doc keep play . White draw himself up and exit . outside , curly Bill reload and keep shoot . White step out into the street . we feel a sense of invert terror as he draw he gun and we see that he hand be tremble . he cross the street , come up behind curly Bill : white hey , curly ? come on now , boy ... curly Bill spin around . White 's gun stare he in the face . curly bill well , howdy , Fred ! back in the bar , Wyatt put he card down , look over at doc. wyatt maybe I ought to go out there . doc you will or you will not . do not look to I . I be go to sleep . Doc lay he head down on the key , pass out . Wyatt frown for a moment . finally he stand , turn to Morgan : wyatt go wake up virgil. ( turn to Joyce ) hey milt , lend I a sidearm , will you ? Joyce hand he a colt from under the bar . outside White cover curly Bill , tremble harder now . a adrenaline rush in a man White 's age be hard to look at , he seem so frail , so vulnerable . even he voice have a quavering edge to it : white Hand that over . come on now . curly bill why sure , dad . I be only in fun . here she be . with a reassure smile , curly Bill hold he pistol out butt - first . White reach for it , visibly relieved . but quick as a snake 's tongue curly Bill spin it around and fire point blank into White 's chest , blow he over backward , the blast so close it set he clothes on fire . curly Bill turn just as Wyatt flash into frame and slam he over the head with he pistol barrel , lay he out in a groan heap . Wyatt glance at White lie semi-conscious in the street , chest heaving , eyelid flutter , make weak little bird - like sound , smoke rise from he smolder shirt and vest . clum run up : wyatt put he clothes out . clum pat the ember out in White 's clothes but as Wyatt start to haul curly Bill up he suddenly find himself surround by ike , billy clanton , and six other Cowboys . ike turn loose of he . wyatt he just kill a man . billy he say to turn loose of he . wyatt well I be not so go home . ike swear to God , mister , step aside or we will tear you apart . the Cowboys tense up , ready for action . Wyatt hold he ground , he hard , steady gaze zeroing in on ike : wyatt you . come here a second . ike step up , full of brass . without warning Wyatt jab the muzzle of he pistol into he forehead , snap he head back . Wyatt cock the pistol . the other Cowboys hush . ike freeze . Wyatt 's eye bore into he . wyatt you die first , get it ? the other might get I in a rush but before that I be gonna make you head into a canoe . understand ? ike stand stock still . billy step forward , undaunted : billy he 's bluffin ' ! let 's rush he ! this be it . the Cowboys poise themselves , ready to start , but : o.s. voice and you , you simpleton , you be next . again a hush . Doc stand behind Wyatt , still drunk , but with he .38 train on billy . billy sneer : billy Hell , he can not hit nothin' . he 's so drunk he 's probably seein ' double . Doc pull out he .45 , training it , too , on billy : doc I have two gun . one for each of you . billy pause , chasten . suddenly there 's another commotion as Virgil and Morgan bull they way through the crowd from behind with shotgun . virgil all right , look out ! break it up . go home , all of you , go home now ... this bread the group 's will and thing suddenly calm down dramatically as the Cowboys disperse . Wyatt lower he pistol , heaving a sigh of relief as he pull the still - groggy curly Bill to he foot and haul he reeling toward the jail . wyatt come on , you ... curly bill crack I back of the head like some stinkin ' bull . Hell , you ai not no fightin ' man , you be just a cop . deleted ext - jail / allen STREET / HOTEL - night later . as the earp and Doc step out on the sidewalk we can see the semi-conscious curly Bill through the front door of the jail lay in one of the cell , hold a bloody kerchief to he head . Wyatt close the door , lock it , give clum the key . wyatt there . he will keep till morning the street be quiet as they start back toward the Oriental . Virgil and Morgan follow at a discreet distance , smirk : virgil keep you eye on that brass ring . do not let anything side - track you . wyatt I know , I need a keeper . meanwhile across the street at the hotel josephine turn to behan . behan well I guess you can see , never a dull moment . maybe you should stay around to see what happen next . who know ? you might find a future here . josephine maybe even my destiny . deleted deleted int - oriental - day Morgan 's hound sleep in the corner while Virgil and Morgan shoot pool . Wyatt look on . wyatt ... but he say do I actually see it happen and I say , no , when I arrive Fred would already be shot . so the judge say , can not have a murder without a witness - case dismiss . can you beat it ? after all that . oh hell , who care , none of my business anyways . clum enter , frown and anxious , just as Morgan sink a shot . morgan Boy , I love this game . when we be finally set we gotta each have a billiard room in we house . clum Excuse I , Wyatt , just a moment , please , I want to try and reason with you . we still have not found a marshal and - virgil come on Mayor , he already tell you no . clum what about you ? you be a lawman . virgil I be busy . we be all busy . sorry , Mayor , but you be really barkin ' up the wrong tree . wyatt you tell them , virge . clum exit shaking he head . they keep play . after a beat : wyatt you know , I be thinkin' , maybe we ought to open we own place . that 's the real money . build it up , milk it for all it 's worth , then sell it off for a bundle and Breeze out of this burg with more money than croesus and ready to live like king . let 's you and I take a walk around town , virge , see if we can scout we out a couple of nice lot . virgil I can not hardly believe it . it 's work out just like you say , Wyatt . we be lootin ' this burg six way through Sunday . wyatt pretty fun too , be not it ? virgil kinda , actually , yeah . I gotta admit . ext - cottage on edge of town - day Virgil and Wyatt walk down a quiet , tree -shade lane on the outskirt of town . suddenly a rubber ball roll into they path . a small boy play in the front yard of a nearby cottage . Virgil and Wyatt approach , Virgil return the ball : virgil what be you up to today , son ? the boy stand stock still , stare at the man in silence . wyatt cat get you tongue ? he turn and walk back to the street without another word . wyatt wait a minute , Virgil ! where you goin ' ? Virgil keep go . Wyatt start after he , leave mother and child in confusion as .... deleted int - virgil' parlor - day in tight on a gleam silver shield , " town marshal , tombstone , a.t . " pull back to reveal it pin to Virgil 's breast . he sit by he parlor hearth with Morgan at he side . Wyatt sit opposite with he head in he hand . virgil I could not help it , Wyatt . I look at that woman and it be just like somebody slapping I in the face . I mean this people be afraid to even walk down the Street and I be try to make money off it like some kind of God damn vulture . that 's not I , that 's somebody I do not even know . wyatt Virgil , please . do not do this to I . virgil it 's get nothin ' to do with you , Wyatt . it 's - wyatt nothing to do with I ? I be you brother for Christ 's sake . God , I do not believe this . ( turn to Morgan ) talk to he , will you ? or hit he . ( no answer , pause ) oh no , do not tell I ... Morgan look down in sheepish silence . then he pull back he coat , revealing the deputy 's badge on this vest . Wyatt groan . morgan like you say , Wyatt . we be Brothers . gotta back you brother 's play . just do like I figure you would . wyatt listen to I , both of you . this be no good . this be trouble we do not need . for the first time in we life we get a chance to stop wandering and finally be a family . do this and you throw it all away . you see what happen to Fred White . morgan come on , we be not about pickin' fights . just gonna keep a little order , that 's all . wyatt yeah ? morgan like you say , just gotta know how to handle them . Old Fred be not up to it . we know that we be doin ' , Wyatt . wyatt all right , say you be right , say you do not get yourself kill . there 's something else . ( turn to Morgan ) it 's too late for virge , he already roll he bone . but it 's not too late for you , morg . morgan what be you talkin ' about ? Wyatt exhales wearily then crouch down in front of he baby brother , look deep in he eye , he voice soft , plaintive : wyatt all the year I work the cowtown , I be only ever mix up in one shoot . just one . a man get kill . be not my fault , just doin ' my job . I do not even know if it be my bullet that dropped he , but ... I do not kno , it 's sort of hard to explain . at first I just feel funny , you know , kind of clammy inside . but when it finally sink in what I would done ... believe I , boy , you do not ever want to feel that way . not ever . ( pause ) do not even make a dent , do I ? ( stand , exit ) you be both makin ' a big mistake . ext - desert , hooker ranch - day armed with a borrow pistol and carbine , Wyatt gallop through the desert on one of he other big black , eye scan the track beneath he . he ride up and stop at a well near a large ranch house . he dismount , study track as rancher henry hooker ride up , strong , noble-look , like something from a frederic remington canvas . Wyatt nod . hooker nod back . wyatt this hooker 's ranch ? hooker that 's right . and I be hooker . wyatt you see anything of a man on horseback lead a black stallion ? hooker suddenly fall silent , look at the ground nervously . wyatt well you must have see something ' , the trail run right by you waterhole . ( no answer ) oh , I see . so it must have be a cowboy , right ? really get you people treed , do not they ? hooker look , mister , it 's fine for you boomer to court trouble , you be just passin ' through . we cattlemen gotta live here . best I can do 's point you up to the cut . that 's they roost . Wyatt nod he thanks . hooker look down , ashamed . Wyatt stare at he a moment . there 's something genuinely troubling about so strong a man live in fear . Wyatt ride on , shaking he head .... int - desert camp - day a small camp near a clump of tree . pony deal brews coffee while McMasters lean against a fall oak log feed a eager pack of mongrel pup from a block of jerky as Wyatt ride up . mcmaster run for you life , boy ! it 's that great two - gun dog-catcher from Kansas ! wyatt McMasters , be not it ? listen , you see a black stallion with - mcmaster look , I get a rule . I do not talk to lawmen . dog-catcher neither . wyatt I be not a lawman , I be just a private citizen get ' my property back mcmaster well in that case , I see you horse . billy clanton be takin ' him up to the cut to show he off . the boy be all up there right now , brand . and in a mood . still want you property back , Mr. private citizen ? ext - mountain road - day Wyatt and McMasters ride along side - by-side through the hill . wyatt so what about you Cowboys anyway ? mcmaster if I have to explain it you would not understand . just say we be brother to the bone . wyatt yeah , but some of the thing they say you brother have do ... mcmaster there 's all kind of horse , ai not there ? same with Cowboys . what they do 's they affair . I do not preach and I do not judge . I ai not no dog-catcher . ext - rustler' park - day a wide plateau in the mountain dot with tent , water and fee trough , rope corral , etc . Cowboys cut out steer while other crouch around fire , cooking , look up with naked hostility as Wyatt ride up . McMasters point to the edge of camp where billy clanton be curry Wyatt 's stallion . mcmaster you seem like a nice fella . like to have know you better . have you live . Wyatt ride on , make for billy . ike step up with indian hawk swilling , the giant half - breed . they walk alongside Wyatt . ike hey , law -dog . the hell you doin ' here ? swilling how ' bout I just drag you off that horse and eat you blood raw ? Wyatt ignore they , riding up to within 20 foot of billy and dismount . billy look up , supremely confident and unconcern . wyatt where would you get that horse ? billy beauty , be not he ? wyatt I ask where you get he . billy where do you think ? I steal he . everyone laugh . more cowboy gather , jeer . Wyatt step closer . wyatt look , I do not want any trouble with you but that 's my horse and I mean to have he back . one way or another . billy come and get he . wyatt look kid , I know what it 's like , I be a kid , too . even steal a horse once . but you can not -- ike do not sweet - talk he , make a move . swilling yeah , go ahead , mister . make a move . billy step back , poise . ike and swill do the same . 3 more Cowboys move up behind he . the scene seem on the brink of explosion when curly Bill suddenly streak into frame on he buckskin mare , majestic and 10 time life size as he pull back and skid to a stop in front of Wyatt , raise a giant roostertail of dust , make everyone but Wyatt recoil . curly bill give he he horse , billy . ike come on , curly ! do not let he - curly bill shut up . give he he horse , billy . billy reluctantly hand over the leadline . Wyatt mount and ride off with Dick nailor in tow , curly Bill riding alongside . curly bill feel bad about ol ' Fred . just can not hold back when I be feelin' woolly . still , feel kinda bad . but now we be square . anyway no use for holdin ' a grudge . I deserve a rap in the head . wyatt make you a deal . my brother take over the marshal 's office in tombstone . get it in he head he 's gonna make the place safe for widow and orphan . you and you boy stay out of he way , I will make sure he stay out of yours . curly bill Fair enough . you know I get to admit , you get a lot of bark on you comin ' up here like this . wyatt they be all gonna jump I back there . what ever happen to one against one ? curly bill ai not we way . we go all on one , one on all . fight one of we , you fight we all . that 's the cowboy way . wyatt and how come you call yourselves Cowboys ? cowhand ride for the brand . curly bill oh , we ride for a brand all right . ( give Wyatt the finger ) this brand . how ' bout you ? wyatt ( point thumb at self ) this brand . curly bill we be gonna get along just fine . ext - allen STREET - day a lazy afternoon . the earp and clum lounge in front of the hotel . clum I can not thank you enough . since you take over there have not be a single problem . we be finally become a civilized town . virgil nothin ' to it . wyatt maybe I jump the gun . maybe that Cowboys be not near as bad as they be paint . you know I be thinkin' , there 's a lot of money in the cattle business ... virgil wait a minute , you thinkin ' of get in bed with the Cowboys ? wyatt Business be business . do not have to love them to work with them . not if there 's money in it . virgil you be the one , Wyatt . you sure be . ext - guadaloupe canyon - magic hour Old man clanton lead 4 other Cowboys with a herd through the rocky canyon , slip a flask and sing as the first shot ring out from the rock above , become a fusillade . when the dust settles , all be dead except the Old man who lie pin under he horse , semi-conscious . figure emerge from the shadow . it 's the rurales lead by the same Young rurale from before . he bend down to the daze Old man , speak carefully : young rurale the old one you kill . this be my father . old man clanton ( sit up suddenly ) what , and I be suppose to tremble ? kiss my ass , messican . hiss gleefully , he jam a derringer under the Young rurale 's chin and fire , blow off he sombrero as he fall . the other rurales fire , empty they gun into the Old man as if he be some monstrous rattlesnake that might bite they .... ext - rustler' park - night curly Bill , ringo , and the other be by the fire , pass a bottle , as Frank still well gallop up and dismount , breathless : stillwell Old man clanton 's dead ! ambushed in guadaloupe Canyon . messican 's get he . in tight on curly Bill as the news sink in . he clenches he fist in rage , then bite a knuckle , get he control back . curly bill all right , first thing 's first : it 's my outfit now , I be runnin ' the show . ringo 's number two man . ike you outfit ? I be next in line . curly bill you be not get enough in you britches . think you can prove otherwise , go ahead . seethe with humiliation , ike mount up and ride off . curly bill anybody else ? no taker . curly Bill turn back to business : curly bill all right . billy , go after ike and cool he off then go find the mclaurys , tell them what happen and keep a eye on thing . wes fuller and Bill claiborne , too . Rest of you come with I . we be goin ' to Mexico . they mount in a bunch and take off south like the wind .... ext - desert - day Wyatt be up on he stallion , riding along the foot of a high hill . come to a cut , he suddenly stop . josephine be 100 yard up ahead , gorgeously impressive in a black velvet riding habit , riding side - saddle through the cut on a pretty mare . wyatt oh , hell ... look for a escape , Wyatt turn up a narrow trail on the side of the cut . he follow it as it wind around the hill then abruptly drop back down and come out on the other side of the cut right in front of josephine . she wave . he groan : josephine well , hello . wyatt we have never actually meet . my name 's - josephine Wyatt earp , I know . I be beginning to think we would never meet . this be fortuitous . that means lucky . wyatt I know what it mean . suddenly Wyatt 's stallion groan nervously , throw its head , arouse by the presence of the mare . josephine what be it ? wyatt easy now ... that mare 's in season . josephine oh ... ( calm she horse ) now she 's start . how do they know ? wyatt they know . it 's the scent . we better split them up . josephine I have a better idea , let 's run it out of they ! before Wyatt can stop she she 's off at a full gallop . Wyatt pause , debate with himself . finally : wyatt yeah , I be a oak all right . he take off at a dead run . catch up , the horse find they rhythm , break into a smooth gallop , fly over a jet black plain of volcanic ash into a roll meadow carpete with yellow desert poppy , so bright it almost hurt you eye to look at they . come off a rise the desert floor shear off into a wide crevice . josephine head right at it . wyatt you be not that crazy , be you ? jospehine oh , yes I be ! a crack of she crop and she streak toward it . Wyatt grit he tooth and follow suit . the sound of they hoofbeat stop for a long instant as they take the jump together , sailing through the air side - by-side , josephine giggle like a little girl . they light on the other side and gallop on .... ext - desert - magic hour they pull up at a huge desert stone formation , a canopy of white sandstone with vermillion streak swirl through it loom over they like a giant oyster shell . Wyatt dismount , help josephine . he take he long duster from he saddle and lay it on a wide , table - shape rock for they to sit on . josephine that be lovely ! wyatt you know you almost get we both kill back there ? josephine fun though , be not it ? wyatt you would die for fun ? josephine would not you ? you be laugh ! I be sure you never laugh . wyatt I laugh sometimes josephine yes , but how often ? tell I , be you happy ? wyatt be I happy ? I do not know . happy as the next man , I guess . I do not laugh all day long like a idiot , if that 's what you mean . josephine you be a little touchy about it . wyatt I be not touchy , I just , it 's a silly question , that 's all . be I happy ? be you happy ? josephine of course , I be always happy . unless I be bored . that blonde woman , be that you wife ? wyatt what about she ? josephine nothing ... tell I , what do you want out of life ? wyatt where do you get this question ? josephine just answer . wyatt I do not know , make some money , have some kid , you know . josephine do not suit you . wyatt how would you know ? josephine just do not , that 's all . wyatt well I ought to know my own mind and I be tellin ' you what suit I be a family and kid . that suit I right down to the ground . in fact , that 's my idea of heaven . ( pause ) all right , what 's you idea of heaven ? josephine room service . Wyatt laugh , almost in spite of himself . josephine beam . josephine see ? you be laugh again . but that 's what I want . go place and move and never look back and just have fun . forever . that 's my idea of heaven . need someone to share it with , though . wyatt you mean behan ? ( see she shrug ) then why be you with he ? josephine well he 's handsome and he 's charm . he 's all right . for now . do not say it , I know , I be rotten . I can not help it . I have try to be good but it 's too bore . wyatt the way you talk . never hear a woman talk like that . josephine oh look , I have not get time to be proper , I want to live . I be a woman , I like man . if that 's unladylike then I guess I be not a Lady . at least I be honest . wyatt well you be different , no argue that . but you be a lady all right . I will take my oath on it . he look at she , enchant , but suddenly he face cloud . josephine what 's wrong ? wyatt I do not know , do not make any sense . I almost can not look at you . like it hurt . josephine I know , I too . what should we do about it ? he take she in he arm and kiss she . she sink in he arm . he kiss she again then fall to she knee , throw he arm around she leg and press he face into the fold of she skirt . wyatt God ... she run a hand through he hair . he stand , lift she with he until they be face - to- face and she can feel he press into she . after a beat : josephine you know this be adultery . you burn in hell for that . wyatt then let 's make sure we get we money 's worth ext - desert - magic hour they loll on the rock , face each other , clothes in disarray . josephine I must say this certainly have be a unexpected little windfall . wyatt fortuitous even . josephine and I do not even know you full name . wyatt easy to fix . Wyatt Berry stapp earp . josephine and I be josephine Sarah Marcus . my friend call I josie . wyatt josie ... no , I be gonna call you sadie . josephine I hate sadie . wyatt well you will always be sadie to I . josephine always ? wyatt get late . we better get back . he look away and stand , help she up . they go to they horse . he lift she up into she saddle and stand awhile , arrange the fold of she skirt . after a beat : josephine so I assume we be regard this as just a kind of interlude . wyatt look , it 's too much of a tangle . I already cast my lot . I can not go back and I can not sneak , feel back enough as it be . josephine you feel bad about this ? about I ? wyatt I do not mean it that way . josephine you know you do not have to sneak . you could stay with I . I know thing , Wyatt . sweet thing . I could make you so happy . wyatt I can not , I be sorry . forgive I . he mount and ride off with a wave . she watch he awhile .... int - fly' photographic gallery - day a victorian photographer 's studio behind the o.k. corral . a large skylight overhead illuminate the backdrop as cammilius S. fly , the prosperous - look owner prepare he camera . josephine be o.s. in the dress room on the leave : fly what mood would you like for this picture , miss Marcus ? any particular occasion you be commemorate ? josephine o.s. I want to remember exactly how I look on this day so I want you to take a picture of I ... she step out wear a diaphonous veil shroud she from head to toe . though it partially obscure she form , we can see that she 's completely nude underneath . fly gasp . josephine ... all of I . fly fumble with he camera , he composure go . she turn to a nearby mirror , study herself - black tresses , round lip , madden curve , and smokey eye - a dark angel . she smile : josephine because I be wonderful . int - wyatt' house - night mattie lie in bed , lose in a opium dream . she snap out of it and sit up as Wyatt enter and give she a kiss , glance at the half - empty laudanum bottle on the nightstand . wyatt that the bottle Lou give you ? better go easy on that stuff . mattie I know what I be do . where have you be ? wyatt out ridin ' . so ... how you doin ' ? mattie I do not know . I be all right . wyatt really ? you sure ? mattie sure I be sure . what be this ? Wyatt sit down on the bed , suddenly intent , he face alight : wyatt well , I be think , we have already make a pile of money . maybe we should just pull up stake and move on . and we could stay on the move , you know ? just keep go , see the world . live on room service the rest of we live . how would that be ? mattie Wyatt , what be you talkin ' about ? wyatt just thinkin ' out loud . forget it . int - oriental - night Dark circle under he eye , look dreadful , Doc be at the corner table with Virgil , behan , ike clanton , and the mclaurys . josephine lounge by the piano , luscious in a white gown , sing " frankie and johnny " in a torchy voice . Wyatt enter , blanching at the sight of josephine . Joyce appear at he elbow : joyce New singer . ai not she somehin' ? Wyatt nod weakly . josephine give he a half -smile . Wyatt blushes . Morgan approach . morgan Doc will not quit , be up 36 hour . clanton come in a hour ago , they switch over to poker . try to get he to bed but he just will not let go . wyatt I know . and nobody can make he . they go over to Doc 's table and sit down . Doc beam drunkenly : doc Wyatt ! just in time . pull up a chair . wyatt be hittin ' it awful hard , doc. doc nonsense , I have not yet begin to defile myself . wyatt ( touch he shoulder ) but Doc - doc I will not be paw at , thank you very much wyatt sorry , sorry ... kate ( put arm around Doc ) that 's right . Doc can go all day and all night and then some . Doc 's my man . Doc 's my lovin ' man . have another one , lovin ' man . she kiss doc. behan nudge Wyatt : behan what d' you think of the singer ? wyatt Nice voice . behan that 's not what I mean . behan give he a wink . Wyatt shift uneasily in he seat . this hand be down to Doc and ike and the pot be huge . Doc show he hand . ike throw he card down in a drunken rage : ike Son of a bitch ! that 's twelve straight hand ! nobody 's that lucky . the earp stiffen as the cheshire cat smile come over Doc : doc why , ike , whatever do you mean ? virgil come on , boy , take it easy . doc maybe poker 's not you game , ike . I know , let 's have a spelling Contest ! ike ( stand ) I will wring you scrawny neck for you ! virgil ( grab he ) that 's enough , clanton . ike you takin ' he part ? I be the one be cheat . God damn pimp , you be all in it together . virgil nobody 's in anything , clanton , you be drunk . go home and sleep it off . ike get you God damn hand off I ! do not you ever put you hand on one of we ! do not you ever try to man-handle a cowboy ! we will out you God damn pimp 's heart out ! understand , pimp ? virgil do not you threaten I , you Little - violence seem imminent . Wyatt jump in , separate they . behan notice as josephine gasp , a look of alarm crossing she face . wyatt Virgil , do not ! take it easy ! ike , just go home and forget it , will you ? ike I be not forgettin ' nothin . ike lurch to the bar . behan take josephine aside , whisper : behan I see that look on you face just now . what 's between you and Wyatt ? josephine absolutely nothing . doc well that certainly be a bust . I want my money back . come , darling , let 's seek we entertainment elsewhere . Doc stand up , take kate 's arm to leave . but he fall back down dizzily , suddenly break out in a sweat and cough . kate what 's wrong , Doc ? doc nothing . not a thing . I be right as the mail . again he try to stand . this time he keel over onto the floor and start cough up blood . Wyatt rush to he . wyatt get a doctor ! Virgil , give I a hand . they lift the unconscious Doc off the floor . ike turn to Joyce . ike what 's wrong with he ? joyce lunger . deleted int - doc be room - night later . Doc sit up in bed , revive but look like death warm over , mouth gape open , eye swim with every breath . dr . goodfellow stand by the bed , put on he jacket . dr . goodfellow you condition be quite advanced . I would say you have lose some 60 percent of you lung tissue . maybe more . doc so what do that mean ? dr . goodfellow two year , two day , hard to say . if you have any chance , it 's to stop now - smoking , drink , gambling , night - life . you must have a healthy diet and most importantly , you must have complete rest -mean you must attempt to deny you marital impulse . doc well , that sound invite . dr . goodfellow sorry but I be afraid you have no choice . he take he bag and exit , leave Doc alone with the abyss . kate enter , go to he bedside , and start roll he a cigarette . kate how you feel , Doc ? doc better . kate that 's good . I know it be not nothin' . doc we must talk , darling . it appear we have to ... redefine the nature of we association . kate what 's that mean , Doc ? you know I do not understand when you talk up High like that . you mean you do not want to be my lovin ' man no more ? doc not exactly ... kate I be a good woman to you , Doc . do not I always take care of you ? nobody care for you like I . I be a good woman . doc yes , I know . you be a good woman . kate smile , lick the cigarette . she put it in he mouth and lean over to light it so she ample bosom bulge over she bodice . as Doc stare at she chest something behind he eye seem to shut down . he take a long drag from the cigarette . doc then again , you may be the Antichrist . deleted int - oriental - dawn the cold blue light of dawn peek through the window . ike drink at the bar , brood . he reach behind the bar for he gun , lean he rifle against the brass rail . ike bastard think they can cheat I ? joyce nobody cheat you , ike . go home . ike reach across the bar and slap he . Joyce scowl , more irritate than hurt and too tired to make anything of it . the few other patron leave look up drowsily . ike nod in drunken satisfaction , pick up he rifle : ike and I do not take no mouth from any bartender neither . there , see ? give somebody a rap on the beezer , get some God damn respect around here . now you tell the earp and Doc holliday if I see them on the street , I be gonna send them all to hell on a shutter . you tell them that . ike and the mclaurys storm off as Virgil and Morgan step out onto the street . Wyatt turn to they in disbelief : wyatt what the hell 's go on ? ext - allen ST / telegraph office - day walk down Allen , ike stop the group at the telegraph office : ike I want to send a telegram . ext - allen STREET - day we start to feel a grow sense of dread as 3 grim horsemen come gallop out of the desert toward we . billy clanton , wes fuller , and billy claiborne ride into town , trot by the jail with the earp look on . virgil billy clanton , wes fuller , and billy claiborne . now there 's six of them . this be like a bad dream . wyatt just stay calm , use you head . it will be all right . just the same , though ... ( pause , sigh ) guess you better swear I in . int - wyatt' house - day in tight on a brass -mount wooden case . it open to reveal a gleam colt .45 with a extra long barrel , the gold shield inlaid on the burr walnut grip engrave with , " to Wyatt earp , peacemaker ... " this be the buntline special , Wyatt earp 's legendary sidearm . Wyatt take it from the case and put it in he coat pocket as mattie look on . mattie think you swore you would never carry that thing again . wyatt yeah , well , I swore a lot of thing . ext - allen STREET - day behan and jospehine watch from the hotel as the 6 Cowboys , all but ike armed with pistol , walk side - by-side down the middle of Allen . behan I be terribly afraid this look like the end of the earp brother . josephine go pale ... ext - allen ST / jail - day the Cowboys swagger by defiantly , give the earp sidelong glance . meanwhile , the street start to buzz , townspeople beginning to notice that something be happen . virgil here they be again . look at them . wyatt easy , virge , they be just tryin ' to egg we on . suddenly Doc appear from around a corner , a little the worse for wear in a long , dark inverness cloak and carry a big gold - head walk stick . morgan what be you doin ' out of bed , Doc ? doc what the hell 's go on ? I have have five people walk up to I say the clanton and mclaurys be gun for I . ext - lot behind o.k. corral - day a vacant lot behind the ok corral with fly 's Gallery on the leave and the harwood house on the right . the Cowboys stand in a knot near they horse , pass a bottle around . frank like to teach that bastard a lesson . billy probably already scared they to death . tom you call it , ike . what be we gonna do ? ike ( grab bottle ) gimme that . ext - allen ST / jail - day Virgil come out of the nearby Wells fargo office with a huge Stevens 10 gauge shotgun just as Joyce run up . joyce that Cowboys be tellin' everybody in town they be gonna clean you out . they be down in that lot right now behind the ok corral . wyatt do not worry , Doc , it 's not you problem . you do not have to mix up in this . Doc turn on Wyatt , genuinely shocked and hurt . doc that 's a hell of a thing for you to say to I . virgil what the hell be we gonna do ? wyatt wait till the liquor wear off . once they start get headache they will lose interest . virgil Wyatt , they be threaten we life . wyatt you will never make that stick . virgil they be carry gun in town . wyatt virge , that 's a misdemeanor . you go down there to arrest them , something go wrong , maybe this time somebody get he head break , suddenly it 's a mess and it will not end there , you will have Cowboys comin ' around lookin ' for trouble from here to Christmas . you gonna risk all that over a misdemeanor ? virgil ( pause , think ) no , damn it , it 's wrong , they be breakin ' the law . wyatt ( pause ) all right , virge , you call . but give Doc the shotgun . they will be less apt to get nervy if they see him on the street howitzer . Virgil trade the shotgun for Doc 's cane . Doc fold the shotgun under he cloak . they get set , wait for Wyatt 's cue . finally : wyatt well ... come on , boy . they start down Allen , footstep pound the board sidewalk , Virgil and Wyatt in front , Morgan and Doc in the rear . bystander step aside , trading whisper as they pass , turn onto 4th St ... ext - lot behind o.k. corral - day behan dash around the corner into the lot , face the Cowboys . behan they be on they way over here . ext - fremont STREET / ok corral - day the earp and Doc turn off 4th onto fremont St. Creek Johnson and Texas Jack vermillion watch as they pass the grocer 's . johnson there they go . look kinda like preacher . vermillion yeah . or undertaker . the vacant lot start to come into view and the earp be fight nerve now . fist clench , gritting they tooth , eye darting all over the street , they look all too human and nothing like they legend . it 's only Doc , bring up the rear , who could not care less . Wyatt narrow he eye : wyatt virge , you be makin ' the arrest . you make contact , I will back you up. Morgan will back I up , Doc will keep a eye out for trouble . and keep you hand on you gun . they even look like they be gonna start something , buffalo them . right over the head . virgil Wyatt , I know what I be doin' . wyatt ( see onlooker ) look at them all . they love it . how in the hell would we get ourselves into this ? just then behan walk up hold up he hand , reassure : behan you do not have to worry about a thing . I just go down there and disarm they . virgil you do ? great , thanks . come on , boy . the earp quicken they step as behan enter fly 's gallery . see the approach earp party , the Cowboys glance around at each other , set themselves . now at the end of the sidealk , the earp can see that the Cowboys be still armed and they relief evaporate . Wyatt mutter under he breath : wyatt oh , great . disarm my ass ... the earp slow they step , gather themselves . this be it , no turn back now . the Cowboys spread out . as the earp get closer and closer , it seem as if the very air be electric with tension . but as they step into the street and fan out for they final approach , they suddenly do look like they legend , 4 tall figure in long black coat advance in a line , grim and unstoppable , a fleeting moment in time freeze forever in we mind . finally they stop . the 2 group be face each other , perhaps 20 foot apart . Doc raise the shotgun , the cheshire cat smile spread over he face . Virgil step forward , he face set , hold up Doc 's cane : virgil we have come to arrest you . throw up you arm ! a weird moment of confusion where nobody seem to know what to do . then billy clanton and Frank mclaury slap they hand to they gun . the earp instantly tense up , hand on they pistol . Virgil wave he hand frantically , afraid they have misunderstand : virgil hold ! I do not want that ! suddenly realize what 's happen , fuller and claiborne bolt and dash into fly 's gallery . everyone else stand freeze , breath short , pulse pound , each stare into the other 's wide - open eye . then something in billy clanton 's eye seem to go dead and Wyatt groan under he breath as the awful realization hit he : wyatt oh , my God ... billy and Frank jerk they pistol and the scene explode , everything happen in split second as Wyatt draw and fire , knock Frank down with a gutshot . Morgan fire , blow billy back against the wall of the harwood house . Tom dart for the cover behind he horse as ike dive onto Wyatt shriek like a woman : ike no , no , please ! I do not have a gun ! wyatt this fight 's commence . get to fightin ' or get away ! Wyatt hurl he aside . ike sprint for the gallery . Tom fire over he saddle at Doc who try for a shot but be block by the horse . billly bounce back up , howling , and fire , the bullet pierce Virgil 's calf . he drop to one knee . Tom fire again . Doc fire one barrel into the air , the blast make the horse rear up , expose Tom for a split second . Doc fire again . Tom 's side explode into red mist , the full charge of red mist , the full charge of buckshot slamming he into the harwood house . Tom drop he gun and teeter into the street , talk eerie little mincing step , already dead but still move , like a chicken with its head cut off . billy fire again , drop Morgan with a hole in he shoulder . morgan I be hit . Doc pull he lightn and fire double action 1 - 2 - 3 time , hit billy in the abdomen while Frank bound back into the fight , firing wildly . Virgil get up , firing back . the whole scene now bath in thick smoke , the fight start swirl into the street , each man jockey for position . Inside the gallery , behan and fuller watch at the window as ike dive in . he snatch fuller 's pistol and fire through the window . ike 's bullet whiz past Wyatt 's ear . he spin around , call to Doc : wyatt behind we ! in a flash move take less than a heartbeat , Doc pivot , replace the .38 in this right hand with he big .45 , then with one pass of he leave hand rapid fire quick as a machine gun burst 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 time , the bullet ripping through the gallery , shower ike and the rest with splinter and break glass . behan come on ! behan haul ike up and they dash out the back door , fuller and claiborne right behind , all frantically run for they life . outside billy get to he knee , seemingly indestructible , and fire at Wyatt , Wyatt return FIRE . eye wild and bulg , a bloody hand clutching he wound , Frank stagger across the lot , bear down on Doc through the smoke : frank I get you now , you son of a bitch ! doc you be a daisy if you do ! Doc open he arm , give Frank a clear shot at he chest . Frank fire . the bullet graze Doc 's holster . Frank trudge closer , about to fire again but Doc drill he through the heart while in the next millisecond Morgan fire from he prone position on the ground , the big .45 blast carry away the top of Frank 's head . as the last shot echoe through the hill , Frank flop limply to the ground like a rag doll while out in the street he brother Tom finally run out of steam and pitch face first in the dirt , leave only billy , lean against the harwood house , leg splay out in front of he , absolutely shot to piece , click he empty gun and wail piteously as the smoke clear : billy more cartridge ! somebody load my gun ... he keep repeat it with sink volume as townspeople step timidly into the street . fly bend down and take Bill 's gun from he hand and the fight be officially over , have last only some 20 second . Wyatt help Morgan to he foot as behan stride briskly onto the scene , address Wyatt : behan all right . you be all under arrest . Wyatt look at he in utter disbelief . finally : wyatt I do not think I will let you arrest we today , behan . maybe tomorrow . more bystander arrive , a crowd scene rapidly develop . the earp woman run up from the west end of fremont . josephine fight she way through the crowd from the east . she and Wyatt catch sight of each other . she grin , tear in she eye . he nod , smile . see the whole thing , behan fume . and so do mattie who turn and walk away while allie and Lou run to they man , hugging they . meanwhile Doc stand over Frank 's body , finger the graze over he thigh , jeer under he breath : doc you call that shoot ? fly ( come up to Wyatt ) the mclaurys be both dead . billy clanton 's just about go . Wyatt nod , pockete he gun , sadly surveying the bloody scene . wyatt guess we do we good deed for today . deleted ext - boot hill - sunset firework explode in the darken sky as a cortege of 50 Cowboys in they finest parade down the street toward Boot Hill , the crude little grave yard , curly Bill and ringo in the lead , ike right behind with the 3 coffin and a banner say : " murdered on the street of tombstone " . as they take place at the gravesite Wyatt approach curly Bill . wyatt I be sorry . if there be any other - curly bill I know . just do what you have to . that banner and stuff , that 's just ike . do not worry about it . Wyatt nod , tip he hat , walk off . look after he , curly Bill whisper : curly bill do not worry about a thing deleted int - morgan' bedroom - night Morgan lie in bed , he shoulder in bandage . Wyatt sit by he wyatt how you doin ' , boy ? morgan Fine . better . Morgan look out the window , stare at nothing . he look tired , older , all the fun and youthful zest go from he face . morgan you be right . it 's nothin ' like I think . I almost wish ... wyatt I know , kid . I know . I too . Wyatt touch he arm , a look of unutterable sadness in he eye . this be the one thing he do not want for he little brother .... ext - rustler' park - night the Cowboys be gather around a huge bonfire , spark drift up toward the heaven , face vivid in the firelight like a ancient warrior host . curly Bill face they , bottle in hand : curly bill here 's to the memory of billy clanton and Tom and Frank mclaury . they go out real Cowboys , dead game right up to they last kick . they win they place at the big table with davy crockett and Wild Bill and Old man clanton . they be up there right now tradin ' shot with them . and they will never be forget . not ever. hundre year from now there will be man settin ' around a campfire , passin ' a bottle , tellin ' storey about that boy . they be what you call immortal . and I say God bless them . they all drink , long and deep , ringo wiping away tear . then : curly bill all right , first we hang back , just bide away till everybody thinks this 's blow over . then ... int - dressing room / bedroom , wyatt' house - night mattie iron shirt in the adjoin bedroom while Wyatt finish shave in the dress room , wiping foam from he face , look in the cabinet for a towel . open the bottom drawer , a nest of small brown bottle clatter onto the floor . laudanum bottle , all empty . mattie look up as Wyatt come out , bottle in hand : wyatt mattie . what about this ? mattie ( look up , keep irone ) I need it . wyatt ' least you admit it . mattie admit what , I be a opium fiend ? no , Wyatt , I just say I need it . I need something to keep I warm at night . wyatt look , mattie , I know you be - mattie you know nothing . what you do not know would fill a book . Jesus , I feel like it 's when you be around I need it most . you be never yourself , you never relax . never . everything 's so stiff and dead . you always have to keep a rein on everything , ever yourself . oh , you smile sometimes , I have even see you laugh . but there 's no Light in you smile for I , Wyatt , nothing to keep I warm . and I get cold , Wyatt . I get so cold . ( pause ) what 's between you and that Jew woman ? this catch Wyatt off -guard . he look at she . she sneer . then : wyatt all right , look . I can make it right , I can make this up to you , mattie . I can , I swear . mattie will you go to she and tell she right in front of I she 's nothing to you ? right out loud so I can hear ? tell she she 's nothing , tell she she 's nobody , just dirt ? will you do that ? Wyatt fall silent . mattie stand , stare at he a moment , then : mattie until you can do that we have get nothing to talk about , Wyatt . nothing . now leave I alone . she keep irone . Wyatt look as if a building fall on he .... ext - toughnut STREET - day behan come out of nellie cashman 's , spot josephine go down toughnut . he catch up to she , pace she . she keep walk . behan listen , I want to talk to you . josephine not now . I do not have time . behan ( grab she ) I see that look pass between you and Wyatt at the fight . listen to me! you be mine ! understand ? you be my woman and I be you man . josephine my man ? you tell Wyatt you would disarm that man . do you actually believe after that I could see you as my man ? you be just a dirty little fixer . behan you whore ! you filthy whore ! a hand reach into frame , spin behan around . Morgan stand there , arm in a sling , red in he eye : morgan you do not talk that way to a female human be ! not ever ! behan look , I do not want to take advantage of a injure man but you better - with he good arm Morgan slug behan in the mouth . behan drop like a leaf , as much to avoid a further injury as from the blow . Morgan turn to josephine , lead she away . across the street curly Bill and ringo share a flask , watch , ringo look even odder than usual . curly Bill chuckle : curly bill so she 's Wyatt 's slice now . look like we get another name for the tally book . ext - allen STREET / oriental - late day later . the earp brother stand in front of the Oriental . morgan dropped he , that be it . sorry if I make a worse mess for you . wyatt I be the one make a mess . make a right fair mess of the whole thing . Wyatt look down , miserable . Virgil look up at the sky : virgil get warmer . guess spring 's comin' . just then Morgan see breakenridge pass by in silence . morgan hello , billy . I say hello , deputy . breakenridge ( turn to they ) I do not want to talk to you . that Men you kill be my friend . I be just a nothing , but if I be not I would fight you , I would fight you right now . so I do not wanna talk to you . he hurry away , eye tear up . the earp look on in amazement . wyatt all they ever do be make fun of he . o.s. voice sister Boy should have stick around . they turn . a liquore - up ringo stand behind they on the sidewalk like a apparition , murder in he eye , hand thrust into the pocket of a long black buffalo coat , ivory gunbutt peek out . virgil what d' you want , ringo ? ringo I want you blood and I want you soul and I want they both right now . wyatt do not want any more trouble , ringo . ringo ( step up to Wyatt ) well you get trouble and it start with you . wyatt I be not gonna fight you , there 's no money in it . sober up . come on , boy . Wyatt turn into the Oriental . his brother follow . ringo howl : ringo wretched slug , do not any of you have the gut to play for blood ? o.s. voice I be you huckleberry . ringo turn . Doc stand there , smile that cheshire cat smile . doc that 's just my game . ringo all right , lunger . have at it . they face each other , eye blaze , about to reach critical mass . doc on three ? you call it . ringo here it come : one-two - at the last possible instant , curly Bill flash into frame along with stillwell and Spence , grab ringo from behind while the earp step in front of doc. curly bill johnny , do not , Jesus ! come on , Son ... ( turn to earp ) never mind . he 's drunk . they haul ringo up the street , out of earshot . ringo be boil : ringo I want they spitting blood ! curly bill easy , johnny . now be not the time . ( turn to other ) I tell you , boy , even I be worried what will happen once ringo run this outfit ! God have mercy ! he pull ringo into a doorway , away from the other . tear in he eye , claw the air , ringo be beside himself . ringo there 's no God , there 's no devil , I hate the God damn world ! I want to die ! curly bill easy , son . you just need to get you foot back under you , that 's all . come on , boy , let 's kick South . down to the old playground . int - adobe house - night a adobe rancho in the sonora desert , small , humbly furnish . Inside a mexican family , 3 child , a husband and young wife eat dinner . suddenly curly Bill and ringo burst in , gun draw , shouting in Spanish . everyone freeze and as the child start cry we feel the family 's sense of inner terror . curly Bill look the tremble young wife over , nodd at ringo : curly bill see son , there be a God after all ! ext - allen STREET / oriental - dusk nightfall and the wind howl down the street , kick up dust in swirl column . a flash of lightning streak down from the purple cloud and a thunderclap crash in we ear , echoing through town into the hill , make the horse neigh and fidget ... int - oriental - dusk but inside it 's bright and warm . florentino be alone at the bar , nursing a drink while Wyatt deal for Morgan and a few other . Virgil look out at the storm , shaking he head : virgil gonna be one of that night . ext - rustler' park - dusk the Cowboys be gather on a rise . curly Bill stand before they , silhouett against the boil sky , arm outstretch , exulting in the storm 's fury . he turn to he man , eye ablaze : curly bill all right , boy . now 's the time to get woolly . int - josephine's HOTEL room - night josephine sit by the window , read swinburne . a knock at the door . she answer it . behan enter . she bristle , but : behan easy . I just want to tell you thing be about to start change around here . lot of so-called hard case and tough - nut swagger around this town but none of them 's get a clue about the real play . none of them . josephine I do not understand . behan you will after tonight . Bet on it . int - parlor , virgil be house - night allie and louisa sip tea by a blaze fire in the hearth , warming themselves against the storm 's cold . mattie sit nearby , sewing . allie God , it 's a cold night . come up to the fire , mattie . suddenly there 's a knock at the door . louisa look out the window . outside be the tall silhouette of a woman in a dark cloak . louisa it look like a woman . allie open the door . josephine enter , breathless , come into the parlor . mattie sit up in shock . the other gather round . josephine please , I know it 's awful I come here , but listen , I can not say why , but I think something be - another knock . allie go to the window . there 's a weird sense of dj vu as outside we again see a cloak woman 's silhouette . allie now who in ... it 's another woman . allie start to open the door but josephine suddenly leap up and : josephine no! look out ! with she dancer 's quickness she dash across the parlor , grab allie and pull she to the floor just as a tremendous shotgun blast rip through the open doorway . the chandelier overhead explode , shower the scream woman with break glass and a harsh male voice cut through the air as the shroud figure dash into the darkness : man' voice everybody die ! int - oriental - night the sound of the gunshot be lose in the wind and thunder as Virgil get up , yawn : virgil get late . guess I will turn in . wyatt bundle up , virge . cold out there . Virgil nod , exite with a wave . Wyatt and Morgan keep play , hardly notice as moment later , florentino walk out .... ext - corner of allen &amp ; 5 th STREET - night Virgil turn off Allen onto 5th , the wind whipping he coattail . he glance up as florentino walk by , crossing 5th and ducking into a doorway . Virgil stop . something seem to be move in the shadow of a unfinish building on the opposite side of 5th .... int - oriental - night a booming SOUND echoe outside , muffle by wind . Morgan look up : morgan that thunder 's sure somethin' . wyatt that do not sound like thunder . moment later Virgil walk back in , pale , hatless , a blank look on he face . he move with odd , shuffle step , hold himself sideways . Wyatt and Morgan exchange puzzle glance , then : wyatt Virgil ? virgil Wyatt ... Virgil do a unsteady stutter - step , he face take on a plead , almost childlike look of panic . but as he turn he body toward Wyatt we suddenly see that he whole leave side be in bloody shred , he leave arm dangle unnaturally by a few gory ribbon of flesh . his voice be a frighten sob : virgil Wyatt ! he start to swoon . Wyatt rush over and grab he as .... int - HOTEL room ( virgil ) - night the hotel room where they have take Virgil . he 's on the bed , wrap in bandage , semi-conscious . Wyatt and Morgan stand in the doorway with Doc and the woman . allie be at Virgil 's side , hand over she mouth as Dr. goodfellow speak in somber tone : dr . goodfellow I be afraid you husband 's be very badly hurt . I have to remove the entire leave elbow joint . what that mean be , well I be afraid - allie oh , no , no , no , no ! she start wail . suddenly alert , Virgil sit up , take she in he big right arm , pull she close , he voice calm , reassure : virgil no , no , do not worry , honey . I still get one arm leave to hug you with . she bury she face in he chest and sob . he hold she , rock she back and forth . Wyatt turn away , shutting he eye . int - HOTEL room ( virgil ) - day Virgil lie in bed , stare blankly into space . Wyatt sit at he side , hand over he face while allie hover in the b.g . wyatt it 's all my fault . if I have not be so damn smart , if I would just ... oh God , virge , I be so sorry . allie look , Wyatt , I do not want to talk right now . wyatt Virgil , what be I go to do ? virgil for God 's sake , just leave I alone . Virgil grimace in hopeless agony . allie touch Wyatt 's arm . allie he do not want to talk now . Wyatt stand , back away . he turn pleadingly to mattie stand in the doorway . she look away . he walk out .... int - HOTEL lobby - day Wyatt come into the lobby and freeze as McMasters approach . Wyatt start to walk by he , but McMasters step into he path : mcmaster no , wait . please . I know nothin ' I say will fix thing but I want you to know it be not I . wyatt no ? Brothers to the bone , right ? mcmaster not anymore , not after this . Wyatt look into McMasters ' eye and we can see he mean it .... int - oriental - night Morgan be by himself in the empty saloon , calmly shoot pool , he dog jump enthusiastically at every shot as Wyatt enter . morgan get down , boy . wyatt Morgan , be you crazy ? they're out gun for we ! what the Hell be you doin ' ? morgan what 's it look like ? they want a piece of I they can come and get it , I be not crawlin ' into my hole . wyatt morg , use you head . morgan I be usin ' it , Wyatt . be wonderin ' how the hell we get in this tangle . you know they hit clum 's house , too ? shot up he wife . his wife . who ever hear of that ? Men sneakin ' around in the Dark , back - shootin ' , scarin ' woman ? they be bug , Wyatt . you know all you smart talk about live and let live ? ai not no live and let live with bug . wyatt I know , I be wrong . but morg , look , we get to get out . morgan listen to yourself , Wyatt . lie down and crawl or you might get hurt ? what kinda talk be that ? that 's Virgil lyin ' over there , Wyatt . we own brother . ruine for life . no sir , I be not go no place . you want to go , fine . I be stayin ' right here and have it out with that bastard . Morgan pull back he vest , revealing Virgil 's badge . Wyatt drop into a corner chair , defeat . Morgan make a shot , leave only the 8 ball . a few beat . see Wyatt 's misery , Morgan soften , poke he with the cue . Wyatt look up . Morgan tap the middle pocket . Wyatt shake he head . morgan how much you wanna bet ? Wyatt hold up he watch . Morgan frown . Wyatt raise he brow : wyatt I just get it fix . morgan you be on . Morgan have to lean over the table but he sink the 8 ball , look over at Wyatt in triumph . Wyatt applaud , roll he eye just as a bullet spang into the wall by he head . Wyatt dive for the floor as another shot pierce the window . Wyatt jump up , bound to the door to see several figure cash into the darkness . Wyatt turn back and freezed . Morgan lie across the table with one leg dangle over the edge , jerk and shudder involuntarily . Wyatt rush to he . the dog whine as Doc rush in with kate and McMasters . Wyatt be tremble . wyatt no , no ! get the doctor ! Jesus Christ ! into - oriental - night the curious crowd outside , watch through the window . Morgan be on the pool table , lie on he side with he shirt pull up . the dog cower in the corner , whining while Dr. goodfellow dig into the wound with a steel probe , make Morgan writhe in perfect agony . the doctor turn to Wyatt : dr . goodfellow hold he . Wyatt take Morgan in he arm . the doctor probe . Morgan jerk violently . suddenly we hear a blood-curdling scream . louisa be in the doorway , tear she hair , lose in utter hysterics . wyatt oh , no , get she out of she ! Jesus ! and now the whole scene sink into hellish confusion with the dog whimper , louisa shriek as other restrain she , and Morgan give a violet jerk , break Wyatt 's grip . the doctor snarl , about at the end of he rope . dr . goodfellow I say hold he , God damn it ! wyatt somebody shut that dog up ! Morgan take Wyatt 's arm , he voice like a child 's . morgan you be right , Wyatt . they get I good . do not let them get you too . wyatt will somebody get the damn dog out - morgan remember about the light you be suppose to see when you be dyin ' ? wyatt easy morg , do not think about that now . morgan be not true . I can not see a damn thing . tear well up in Wyatt 's eye . he touch he brother 's face . Morgan 's eyelid start flutter . Wyatt squeeze he hand . wyatt Morgan ? Morgan ! the dog start howling , long and loud and pitiful - and in the next moment the air be filled with howl as every dog and coyote for mile join in the mourn . Wyatt back away from he dead brother and trudge out onto the sidewalk , stare at the blood on he hand . stand in the crowd across the street , josephine see Wyatt and start for he . behan grab she . she wrench free and with the whole town watch , start run toward Wyatt . see she , Wyatt back away in horror , shaking he head : wyatt no , no , get away , get away from I ... josephine Wyatt ... she keep come . Wyatt panic . finally , in desperation : wyatt Whore ! filthy whore ! get away from I ! she pause , unable to believe she ear , then run away cry . fuming with rage , kate start after Wyatt . Doc pull she back : doc can not you see why he do it ? the howl continue as Wyatt trudge down the street alone . suddenly he double over , clutching he abdomen in agony , stare at he bloody hand .... ext - allen STREET - day the wagon bear Morgan 's pine coffin wait in the street , hitched and ready . Virgil be up front with the woman , arm in a sling , pale . Doc and kate wait on horse nearby . finish load , Wyatt look around . people line the street , watch in silence . clum and he wounded wife turn away from the window of they lodging next door , unable to meet he gaze . the very air feel charge with paranoia and recrimination , as if the whole town have suddenly become morally radio-active . bystander gape as josephine step out of the hotel , regal and impervious as a queen , wear a gawk scorn like a mink coat , she little white dog scamper after she . pass behan , he give she nasty look and spit . she do not even break stride . loung in front of the Crystal Palace with the other Cowboys , stillwell give curly Bill a enquire look . curly bill naw , she 's nobody . Wyatt junked she . pass Wyatt , she do not even glance at he . Doc sigh : doc and so she walk out of we live forever . without a word Wyatt climb onto the wagon and shake the rein , drive off . he pull up in front of the Cowboys . they make a show of pretend to hide they gun . Wyatt look straight ahead : wyatt I want you to know it 's over . we be leave and we be not come back . curly bill well ... ' bye . ringo ( sniff ) hey , you smell that ? smell like something die . curly bill ( stifling a laugh ) oh , Jesus , johnny ... allie 's eye flare , louisa stifles a sob . the Cowboys snicker . Wyatt clenches he tooth , still stare straight ahead , and drive on . a few beat then curly Bill turn to ike : curly bill take Frank and finish it . ext - train station , tucson - night a train pour steam onto the platform in puff and cloud while 2 porter load Morgan 's coffin into a boxcar . up ahead , mattie and louisa fumble with luggage while allie boost Virgil into a passenger car . as we hear the conductor 's voice shouting , " ' board ! " , ike and stillwell emerge from the shadow near the scale , crouch behind shotgun . they exchange nod and start forward , cock they weapon , squinting through the steam : stillwell that 's Virgil with the woman . but where the hell 's Wyatt ? o.s. voice right behind you , stillwell . they spin around . Wyatt stand behind they , look down the barrel of Virgil 's big 10 gauge . stillwell raise he shotgun , Wyatt fire . stillwell hit the floor in a crumpled heap , he torso a smoking bundle of bloody rag . scream ?????????? page 87 cut off right side page 88 miss wagonmaster Rest of us're 3 month out of independece but we be from carthage , Illinois originally . wyatt carthage , really ? I be from monmouth . wagonmaster another Illinois man ! practical neighbor ! step down , marshal . have a feed . ext - wagon train camp - night lucinda 's ever-silent son sit at a nearby wagon , stare at Wyatt while lucinda roll dough , lovely as ever . just finish tell he story , Wyatt sit by the fire with the wagonmaster and several other . they shaker they head : wagonmaster ai not get law , be not get nothin' . only thing between we and the animal . always the way it go , though . only way to down a Illinois man 's from behind , the dog do not dare face them . Mr. lincoln , Wild Bill , now you Brothers : Illinois man all and all down from behind by dirty dog and Democrats . guess a ordinary man' be out for Vengeance but I do not figure that will answer here . it 's a reckoning you be after . wyatt if the Lord be my friend . wagonmaster let not you heart be faint , let you arm be steel - that 's all you need of the Lord . Wyatt pause , nodd , suddenly understanding the truth of it . look up , he eye meet that of lucinda . she smile , wiping flour from she hand . Wyatt smile thoughtfully , move by this unexpected encounter .... ext - wagon train camp - morning next morning . Doc gallop into camp with McMasters , Texas Jack vermillion , and Turkey Creek Jack Johnson , exchange greeting with Wyatt who lead he over to the center of the camp , then : wyatt know why you be here ? vermillion Way ahead of you , Wyatt . you want we to help you get ike clanton and johnny behan . everybody know they be the one to blame for you brother . wyatt they be nothing . they be nobody . I want the Cowboys . all of them . I mean to break them up , drive them out of the territory . johnson be you out of you mind ? what on Earth would make we - wyatt ( take out wad of bill ) I will pay you 500 each in advance and I will mount you on that . he point to he 5 magnificent black tie nearby . they look they over as Wyatt take out a stack of warrant . wyatt get a sheaf of federal warrant . be in the Territories it 's up to we discretion how they be served . that mean we get the Cowboys without quarter . the Black flag , brother . no prisoner , no mercy , amen . vermillion ( to Johnson ) 500 ... Year 's wage . and I never even see a horse like that . johnson you crazy ? it can not be do . mcmaster it might be do . if we hit the Waterholes through the southern dragoon , the whetstone and huachucas , we could take them on in piece , run off they herd . ( face Wyatt ) keep you money , I will show you where that waterhole be . just promise I you will finish it . no matter what happen you will see it through to the end . I will have you hand on that . they shake . vermillion and Johnson confer in whisper , then : vermillion we come through this in one piece , can we keep the horse ? Wyatt nod . vermillion nod to Johnson who crouch down with a pair of dice . he make one pass , two pass ... finally : johnson crapped out . okay , we be in . exp - wagon train camp / desert - day the thoroughbred be saddle and wait , each with a rifle in a scabbard and a double - barrel shotgun across the saddle fork . lucinda 's son look on with gather awe as Wyatt 's man , each carry 2 pistol , face they boss . wyatt the minute we start we will be go against local and county Law . if we fail the U.S. government will not be able to lift a finger to help we . nevertheless I want you to understand we carry the full force and authority of the law of this land . they exchange glance , each man feel a little shiver at the magnitude of what they be about to attempt . Wyatt face they : wyatt raise you right hand . do you solemnly swear to uphold the law and constitution of the United States of America and to protect she citizen to the best of you ability , even at the cost of you own life ? all chorus , " I do " , except for Doc who roll he eye . finally : doc oh ... all right . Wyatt hand each a Federal deputy 's badge . Doc wave he away : doc you know why I be here . my hypocrisy only go so far . Wyatt shrug . they mount up , about to begin , but suddenly : lucinda wait ! lucinda run up to Wyatt , reach up and tie a blue and gold silk scarf around he neck . lucinda you color . Wyatt nod he surprised thanks as the wagonmaster step up : wagonmaster good luck , boy . and give them hell ! they shake hand then Wyatt motion to he man . they take off at a graceful lope , riding through camp toward the deadfall and the desert beyond . unable to contain himself any longer , lucinda 's son bound up onto a wagon , wave and shouting , spurring they on with a spontaneous frontier toast : lucinda be son Wyatt earp , the two -gun man , whistle death and bloody murder ! Wyatt the widow - maker , avenge and bright , purple poison on horseback with lightn in he eye and thunder in he heart ! Wyatt and he he - devil , holy terror and true , five black centaur blowin ' fire and quicksilver ! ride out and charge and shoot and strike and cleave and hack and thrust home ! do not let up and give no rest and never call retreat till the last one 's smashed and smote and runnin ' for cover . best them all and break them up and bang they head together in a bunch and give no quarter though they be ten time ten thousand ! Wyatt turn in the saddle , sweeping off he hat with a cavalier 's flourish as he and he man take the deadfall in a single bound and pass into the desert . a immigrant father grab he infant son , lift he up . illinois mother what be you do ? illinois father someday he will be able to say he be there when Wyatt earp ride out to bring the law . Music up , avenge and bright , as Wyatt and he man ride through the desert , 5 abreast on they giant charger , glossy black coat shimmer in the sunlight , hoofbeat pound in unison . wyatt all right , let 's wring them out ! they break into a dead run , streaking across the frame . as they crest a rise the ground seem to drop from under they and for a single perfect moment it appear as if they be airborne , fly across the skyline like the winge horseman of myth . Johnson turn to vermillion , laugh at the sheer joy of be alive : johnson like flyin ' , son . just like flyin' . ext - rustlers park - late day the sun just start to dip behind the near end of the ridge overlook the camp where on one side florentino and several Cowboys sit in a circle , play poker while other recline on bedroll , laugh and drink . on the other side , at the foot of the ridge , Spence , pony deal , and 2 other crouch over a fire , cooking . suddenly the cattle nestle under the far end of the ridge start bleat . Spence turn to pony deal who shrug : pony deal maybe they smell a wolf . spence ( turn to other cowboy ) go up there and take a look . the cowboy mount a pinto pony and lope up and over the far side of the ridge . Spence and the other continue cooking . moment later a crashing SOUND come echoing over the ridge like thunder . the Cowboys look up , startle . pony deal point : pony deal look ! the pinto gallop riderless back over the ridge . the Cowboys exchange confuse glance , all attention focus on the far end of the ridge . then the five black horseman ride out of the sun , glide like apparition up and over the near end of the ridge and bear down on the unsuspecting camp with the speed of a flame . they be within a few yard of the fire when johnny barne suddenly spot they and : barne look out ! Spence and the other turn and just have time to gasp before Wyatt and he horseman slam into they with terrifying impact , the body disappear under they horse ' hoof . the Cowboys recoil in total shock , jump up from bedroll , stumbling in confusion , scramble to get out of the way as the posseman plow through the fire and roar into camp , pistol blazing in air , horse rear and snort . wyatt United States marshal ! reach ! everyone freeze . a worried - look florentino shrink back behind the other , try not to be spot . meanwhile Doc lean down and poke he pistol into a nearby cowboy 's forehead . doc say something witty . they herd the Cowboys over to one side of camp , shouting , " get over there ! " , " move it ! " , etc . but barne brazen up to Wyatt : barne hey , you can not come - a loud crack as Wyatt 's quirt lay he face open to the bone . wyatt one more word and I will blind you . get over there ! pony deal ( to McMasters ) hey brother , what be you doin ' - mcmaster I be not you brother , I be not none of you damn brother . move ! wyatt all right , run them off . Doc and Wyatt cover the Cowboys while the other scatter they herd with pistol shot . indignant , swill sneer at Wyatt : swilling bastard ! stinkin ' bastard ! like to eat you blood raw ! a queer look in he eye , Wyatt dismount and face swill . wyatt all right , breed . dig in . and then Wyatt drill he in the jaw with a straight right hand . swill drop like a stone . Wyatt haul he up by the hair and hammer he left-right - leave , step around , dig down , and pile-drive a leave hook to he gut . swill topple back into a seat position then roll over with a moan and pass out . meanwhile , see he chance , florentino duck down and make for the remuda as Doc look down at swill . doc it appear he miss a excellent chance to keep he mouth shut . wyatt ( face Cowboys ) felt he liver go on that last one . get he to a doctor or he will be dead in a couple hour . at the remuda florentino leap on a horse and gallop off bareback . McMasters point , pull he rifle from its scabbard : mcmaster florentino ! he 's get away ! wyatt Drop he horse . McMasters draw a bead on the retreate form with he ' 76 Winchester and fire . 100 yard away , the bullet hit florentino 's horse in the shoulder with a " thunk " . it drop , tumble end over end and plunging florentino face - first into the ground . he jump up , spitting out a mouthful , and start run . Wyatt leap on this black and it streak forward , close the distance in second . florentino gasp and run faster , pull a bellygun from he sash , Wyatt almost on top of he . he turn and fire on the run . a branch next to Wyatt 's head explode . Wyatt keep come , draw he buntline , impervious , unstoppable . florentino turn for another shot just as the black pile into he , send he fly and tumble he down a embankment . he scramble to he foot as Wyatt dismount , start toward he with deliberate step , eye blaze , long - barrel pistol hold in front of he . florentino back up in terror , gun at he side , shaking he head : florentino I do not kill you brother ! I do not even know he . I be only lookout . it be money , they give I twelve dollar ! it be money ! wyatt a human life . twelve dollar . Wyatt nod , still come , cold - blooded murder in he eye . florentino scream , raise he gun : florentino no ! Wyatt fire , blast florentino to the ground . he advance , firing over and over , empty he gun into he .... ext - rustler' park - late day the Cowboys watch as Wyatt gallop up , drag florentino 's bullet - riddled body behind he . he rein up , un - dally the rope . the corpse flop at they foot . they jump back , horrify . wyatt look at he . that 's how you will all end up if you do not get it through you head : it 's over , the Cowboys be finish . forever . so tell the other and get out of the territory ' cause next time I leave no one alive . understand ? no one . you be warn . ( to he man ) all right , burn it ! everything ! as he man prepare to fire the camp , several Cowboys move to pick up floretino 's body , but : wyatt leave that trash where it lay . ext - rustler' park - dusk Wyatt and he man ride through the blaze camp , the flame lighting up he eye like a demon' .... ext - desert camp - night the posseman crouch by they fire . Doc sit shiver miserably by himself as vermillion turn to Johnson . vermillion you know , we might just pull this off . johnson not so sure . somethin ' tell I it get harder from here in . ( pause ) should have hold out for more money . meanwhile Wyatt and McMasters confer over a map . Wyatt point to a specific point on the map , very interested : wyatt I know that cut . you mean there 's a waterhole near there ? mcmaster but this time they will be ready . wyatt we will see about that . ext - desert / mountain CUT - day now we see what so interested Wyatt - it 's the same mountain cut where he and josephine meet . pony deal and a party of 10 Cowboys ride through the desert 300 yard from the cut , push a herd . pony deal keep you eye open for earp 's bunch . swear to God , be not gonna get the drop on we this time . 1st cowboy rider up ahead ! ... four , five . it 's they all right ! they look . Wyatt and he horseman stand wait at the mouth of the cut . they tense , the 1st cowboy squinting against the sun . at the cut , Wyatt and he man poise themselves , Doc nodd : doc they see we . here they come . the Cowboys charge forward , outnumber they better than 2 to 1 and only 100 yard away . the posseman choke up on they rein , alert they horse for action as : wyatt wait ... wait ... steady ... 75 yard and the first shot ring out , richochett off the wall of the cut . the other blanch but Wyatt stay cool , wait , 50 yard ... 40 yard ... till we can see they eye and : wyatt now ! they whirl around and disappear into the cut . the Cowboys keep come . Wyatt 's group reach the little trail lead up the wall of the cut he use to avoid josephine . they clamber up the side of the cut at a bound gallop , unseen , as moment later the Cowboys gallop by and continue through into the desert on the other side . Wyatt 's group careen up and around the high mountain wall as if on a roller - coaster , follow the tiny , narrow path at a breathtaking clip , the trail finally plunging they back into the draw behind the Cowboys . they speed up to the opposite mouth of the cut , draw they pistol as the Cowboys gallop into the desert before they , unaware . wyatt Lay on ! they charge forward . see the empty desert ahead , the Cowboys pull up , look around in confusion . suddenly a volley of gunfire hit they from behind , knock several from the saddle . they spin around just as Wyatt 's group slam into they head - on , gun blazing , Cowboys tumble from the saddle leave and right , horse rear and toppling over backwards . pony deal run ! the remain Cowboys turn and dash into the desert . Wyatt shout : wyatt come on ! Wyatt 's group charge , the thoroughbred close the distance in second . vermillion stand in he stirrup , roaring like a animal as he plunge into they , swinging he quirt like a saber and lashing a cowboy across the face , make he tumble to the earth and bounce over the rock like a rag doll . McMasters close with another , throw a arm around he and jerking he from the saddle , snapping he neck . Doc overtake a 3rd , jam he pistol into he face and fire point-blank , blacken he face with soot and blowing out the back of he head as he fall . reins in he tooth , shotgun at he shoulder , Johnson come up behind a 4th and fire . the cowboy 's head disappear in a cloud of pink vapor , the body drop like a stone .... Wyatt bear down on pony deal at a dead run . pony deal turn in the saddle and fire at he . we feel a surge of breathless exhilaration as Wyatt swing out of the saddle like a commanche and duck he body down against the side of he horse , hide in its lee . pony deal turn for another shot only to see a apparently riderless horse overtake he . but in the next instant Wyatt dart around under he horse 's neck and fire , blow pony deal head - over -heel off the back of he horse . Wyatt bound back into the saddle as McMasters ride by , draw a bead with he rifle on the lone survivor , the 1st cowboy . only a few yard in front of they , he whip he horse frantically , try to get away . McMasters be about to fire when Wyatt ride up , deflect the shot . the cowboy make it over a rise and disappear . mcmaster what would you do that for ? wyatt so he can tell the story . ext - cowboy camp - night curly Bill study a map draw in the dirt , listen with ringo , ike , etc . while the 1st cowboy describe the battle : 1st cowboy do not make any sense . one minute we be chasin ' them , next they be right on top of we . we could not stop them , they get everybody . just everybody ! curly bill easy now , it 's only five man . be havin ' it they way ' cause they be surprising you . hittin' the waterhole and that juda McMasters be showin ' them right where they be . pretty damn cute . but nobody 's cute as I . ( point to dirt map ) next up 's Black draw . but that smart Wyatt will say no , that 's where they will expect we to hit , we will hit the one after . Iron Springs . that 's where they show next . only I be gonna be there first . and throw a little party . curly Bill grin , he coarse face radiant in the firelight ... ext - wyatt' camp - night Doc sit by the fire , shaking and shiver and sweat . vermillion come up and try to cover he with a blanket , but : doc do not touch I ! vermillion sorry ... he pull back . Doc wrap himself in the blanket . after a beat : vermillion you really look awful . doc not half as bad as I feel . vermillion then why in hell be you doin ' this ? you ought to be in bed . doc Wyatt earp be my friend . vermillion Hell , I get lot 's of friend . doc ( turn , glare at he ) I do not . meanwhile at the other side of the camp , Wyatt and McMasters huddle over the map , Johnson walk up : johnson maybe you ought to have a talk with Doc , Wyatt . I do not know if he 's gonna make it . wyatt there 's no reason with he . mcmaster ( point to map ) next waterhole 's Black draw . we could be there by mid-morn . wyatt they be wise by now . which be next , Iron Springs ? yeah , let 's try there , Iron Springs . ext - iron spring - dawn a camp near a waterhole with 2 Cowboys crouch by a fire , sip coffee . Wyatt 's man ride up to the rock overlook it and dismount , unseen . mcmaster there they be . no herd though . wyatt we will go around that way , come up on foot . they pull shotgun from they saddle and start down over the rock on foot , creep up on the camp , seemingly undetected . but suddenly the Cowboys by the fire dive behind a log and : mcmaster ambush ! get down ! and suddenly the deadfall on the opposite side explode in gunfire . vermillion take a graze and drop with the other , hugging the rock . a bullet richochets into a rock at Johnson 's head , bite he face with fragment , make he wince : johnson Christ ! hunched behind the log on the opposite side with 15 more Cowboys , curly Bill raise he head , grin and shouting : curly bill hey , Wyatt ! how the hell be you ? Wyatt and he man react to he voice . the fire continue . suddenly there 's movement in the rock above they . Doc point : doc look ! curly bill get some boy workin ' around that rock behind you . another Minute or two , gonna have you in a crossfire ! how do you like that ? see the spot they be in , McMasters turn to the silent Wyatt : mcmaster he 's right . they get set up in they rock it 's the end for we . and now for the first time we see fear in this man , actual naked fear . but curly Bill laugh , have the time of he life . curly bill ' course you could give yourselves up and we could have a party ! then what lark ! crouched by curly Bill , barne chuckle . a confident ripple of laughter go through the cowboy line - they know they have get they . on the other side , vermillion shake he head grimly . vermillion ai not takin ' I alive , damn it ! McMasters look at the still silent Wyatt , shrugging helplessly : mcmaster think of something ' fast or we be cook . they really be at the end of they rope , all look to Wyatt for a solution . he remain silent . then suddenly , in this supreme moment , a strange , almost supernatural calm seem to come over he and he say simply : wyatt no . johnson what ? wyatt no . and now we can almost hear the ether ringing in we ear as Wyatt take he shotgun and , while the other look on in horror , rise to he foot . doc Wyatt ! bullet whiz around he . Doc jump up to grab he but a ricochet drive he back down . Wyatt advance quickly across the clear , walk right into the tooth of they gun , repeat : wyatt no ... Wyatt 's clothes jerk and ripple as bullet pass through , but he just keep come . see this , curly Bill also stand , a weird , manic elation come over he . he hoot and howl : curly bill look at that ! yeah ! come and get some , boy ! wyatt no ... curly Bill wave away he men' fire and walk toward Wyatt , 12 gauge shotgun in one hand , .45 in the other , blasting away . curly bill let I , let I , yeah ! die , you bastard ... wyatt no ... curly Bill fire again . Wyatt 's hat fly off . he fire again , digging a gash in Wyatt 's boot-heel . now curly Bill take dead aim with he .45 and -click - it 's empty . he toss it aside . suddenly a sharp wind gust up , make the tail of Wyatt 's duster swirl around he like a halo as he advance . eye wild with battle rage , curly Bill quickly raise he shotgun . curly bill die ! Son of a bitch ! die ! he fire . Wyatt 's coattail evaporate into swirl shred as he take deliberate aim with he mighty 10 gauge , hiss through clench tooth : wyatt no ! and with that , Wyatt let go with both barrel . curly Bill 's mid-section vaporize , the huge double - charge of buckshot ripping he completely in half . the other Cowboys flinch as they be spray with fleck of blood and gore . barne scream : barne Jesus Christ ! wyatt no ! eye burn like two twin hell , Wyatt pull he buntline and fire . barne double over . Wyatt fire again . barne drop . the other recoil , they face look as if they be live in a waking nightmare as Wyatt advance on they , still firing . another go down . Doc leap from the rock , gun in hand , and : doc come on ! now they all rise and OPEN FIRE , advance 4 abreast , a wall of gunfire drive the remain Cowboys off , run for they horse . Wyatt keep snap he empty gun as the other run up . wyatt no ... beside himself , Doc help Wyatt to a nearby rock , sit he down and examine he , run he hand all over he body . the other FIRE at the Cowboys retreate on horseback . doc Wyatt , my God ! you be shot to piece ! wyatt no ... vermillion yeah , better run , you bastard ! johnson ( turn to Doc ) how be he ? doc ( look up , amaze ) I do not believe it . he 's clean ! vermillion what ? but I see them - doc I be tell you , there be not a Mark on he . they look . meanwhile Wyatt start to tremble .... ext - camp - night they be campe by a run stream . Wyatt stare into the fire . Doc crouch opposite he , shaking he head : doc I be a man without fear , Wyatt . I literally do not care if I live or die . but even I can not fight human instinct . somebody suddenly start shoot at I , I duck . but you ... what on earth be you think about ? wyatt I do not know . it all happen so fast . if I would have a chance to think about it I guess I probably would have be scared but ... swear to God , Doc , I just do not know . at the other end of camp , vermillion and Johnson sit together . after a beat : vermillion hey Creek , you ever see anything like that before ? johnson never even hear of anything like it . vermillion nod . both look shake to the very core of they being . finally : vermillion I just think of something ' I never think about before . ( pause , look at he ) I do not want to go to hell . ext - camp - morning Wyatt sit by the fire , sip coffee . vermillion and Johnson approach . Johnson drop a wad of money on Wyatt 's bedroll . Wyatt look up in surprise : vermillion talk it over . we decide we do not need the money . take out 13 dollar each , though . Federal posseman 's fee . that all right ? wyatt sure ... johnson one thing . we come through this alive , can we keep the badge ? Wyatt nod , pick up the money and quietly move off toward the stream by himself . moment later , McMasters approach : mcmaster where 's Wyatt ? doc down at the creek . walk on water . ext - cowboy camp - night ringo crouch by the fire with the other Cowboys , he face a deeply shadow mask . 2 Iron Springs survivor stand before he : 1st cowboy we hit he half a dozen time but he just keep comin' , walk right up to curly Bill with that 10 gauge and blow he up ! ringo curly Bill ? he kill curly Bill ? ringo start make strange little inarticulate sound , inhale and exhaling like a animal , eye swim in panic .... 2 nd cowboy he do not just kill he , he burn he down ! blew he in half ! I mean all the way in half , like a melon ! then he turn around with that big colt and kill johnny barne , shot up a couple more ' fore we get out of there . but it be he face , you should have see he face . ringo he 's just a man . 1st cowboy you do not see he face ringo look up at they , suddenly dead calm , he face a blank . ringo you see my face , do not you ? out of nowhere , ringo draw and fire 2 shot so quickly they sound like one . the 2 survivor drop with bullet through they brain . the other jump , transfix by the insane brutality of what he 's just do . ringo draw himself up , in full possession of the situation , the new leader , fearsome , matchless : ringo everybody get this through they head . Wyatt earp die . I be running the show now and I be telling you , earp die . his man too . they all die . understand ? we be gonna kill them . for what they do to curly Bill we be gonna ride them into the ground and slaughter them like rabbit . ' Cause this be my time , child . this be where I get woolly . ext - cowboy camp - night later . most of the other be asleep or talk among themselves as billy Grounds turn to Zwing hunt , whisper : ground what d' you think ? I do not think curly Bill could be kill . I be tellin ' you , this whole thing 's go sour . we get hand droppin ' like fly and ringo 's flat out of he mind . I mean , hell brother , you feel like ridin ' against Wyatt earp ? hunt Hell no , brother . ground then brother let 's you and I cut out . hunt right with you , brother . they steal away toward the horse as .... int - allen STREET - day ringo face behan , grim , intent , while behan sputter , hold up a San Francisco newspaper : behan be you crazy ? it 's front page News all over the country . it 's get out of hand , ringo . if thing do not settle down soon - ringo you hear I , behan . behan ringo , you do not understand - ringo glare at behan , he eye burn , implacable : ringo no , you do not understand . ext - cowboy camp - day ringo ride up with behan and dismount . a 3rd cowboy step up : 3rd cowboy billy Grounds and Zwing hunt run out . four , five other , too . ringo who care ? Separate the wheat from the chaff . behan look worried as ike and the other Cowboys gather around . just then breakenridge ride up . behan what be you do here , billy ? breakenridge curly Bill be my friend . I would like to come with you . ringo sure , why not ? ringo slap the little deputy on the back and turn to he man . his unaccustom good humor be very troubling . ringo I tell you it be time to get woolly . now gather ' round , Children , gather ' round . and raise you right hand . ext - desert - day now we have come full circle as ringo ride across the desert at the head of he man 30 strong , armed to the tooth , full of fight - and all wear deputy sheriff 's badge , a posse of outlaw , a miserable behan bring up the rear .... ext - desert plateau - day Wyatt and he man watch from a plateau as far out on the horizon , the cowboy posse ride out of the sun , draw closer : mcmaster that 's ringo out front . and there 's behan . must be 30 of them . what the hell ... they be wearin' badge . they all exchange look of disbelief , then : wyatt mount be get jade . we be gonna have to find a place to Rest them up . suddenly look very sick , Doc sway dizzily in the saddle . Wyatt dismount , reach for he . the other do the same : wyatt Doc ... doc do not touch I , God damn it ! just do not touch I ! come on ... Doc turn he horse , as if to ride on , then faint dead away . wyatt grab he . they all catch he , ease he to the ground as .... ext - hooker be ranch - day Wyatt 's group ride over the hill overlook the ranch house vermillion keep Doc in the saddle . hooker and 3 of he hand ride out to they : wyatt horse be pretty well fag and we get a sick man with we . hooker you can put up at my ranch if you want . Wyatt nod . hooker motion down the hill toward he house .... int - bedroom , hooker be ranch - late day Doc lie in bed , semi-conscious , white as a sheet , drench in sweat . the other look on , worried . hooker shake he head : hooker I be no doctor but he look pretty bad . his face crease with worry , Wyatt sit down next to doc. McMasters motion to the other . they file out , leave Wyatt alone with he friend .... ext - hill overlooking crossroad - sunset Grounds and hunt ride up and stop on the top of a hill overlook a mountain crossroad somewhere in the whetstone . hunt what 's it gonna be , brother ? ground I do not care . Colorado , New Mexico , 'long as we be out of the territory . suddenly a stagecoach come into view , make its wind way through the crossroad below . hunt point , grin : hunt just what we need . travelin ' money . they spur they horse down the hill , draw they gun .... ext - cowboy camp # 2 - night the cowboy posse be campe in a draw up in the whetstone . they look up as the stage roll up and stop . shout and commotion as behan and breakenridge approach and confer with the driver , then behan turn to ringo : behan robbery . 2 man stick them up and kill a passenger . one of them rode a mexican saddle , the other have a mother Hubbard . billy Grounds and Zwing hunt . behan open the door . Mr. fabian lie inside cradle in josephine 's arm , surround by the other actor in the troupe . recline at full length , head back , he look like the die hamlet , even more beautiful than in life . breakenridge gasp : breakenridge oh , no ... josephine we be head for a book in Denver . they try to take my watch . he curse they for coward and they shot he . he may have be vain and a actor but he be better than all of you . and gentler and brave . I do not understand any of this , I only know it 's ugly . you be all ugly and he be beautiful , he try to put something fine into you ugly World and you kill he for it . anyway the one who do it be head north . not that you care . ringo shrug . his soft face suddenly turn resolute . breakenridge go to he horse and mount . behan where be you go ? get back here ! the little deputy straighten he spectacle , turn to behan : billy I be sorry , sir , but we get to have some law . and he ride off alone into the whetstone . behan sputter , but : ringo let he go . who care ? ext - hooker be ranch - night the stage be stop out front . the driver water the horse and the actor mill around silently . Wyatt and hooker walk out : hooker have a holdup . come she to water they horse before pushin ' on . see each other , Wyatt and josephine freeze . Wyatt approach : wyatt sorry about you friend . ( pause ) and I be sorry about ... josephine I forgive you the moment you say it . wyatt you do . well ... thank you . the driver jump back onto the stage , motion to the other . josephine I have to go . wyatt wait ! she stop . Wyatt falter . there 's so much he want to say , but ... finally : wyatt Goodbye . Wyatt open the coach door for she . she get in . it pull out with a crack of the driver 's whip . she and Wyatt hold each other 's gaze as the stage recede into the distance . then : wyatt damn ... damn ! Creek Johnson step up next to he . Wyatt look at he : wyatt see how she breeze out of here . like she have wing . funny thing but I can not really remember how she look . I can remember part of she clear as crystal , she mouth , she walk , how she shut she eye when she laugh , little bit and piece , but not the Whole package . can not put it together for some reason . johnson good God , you be really - wyatt card in spade . I be in love with every second of she life . Hell , I will probably love she when I be dust . ext - cold camp - night a cold camp in the hollow of a mountain . wrapped n blanket , Grounds and hunt sip cold coffee . Grounds shiver . hunt pat he : hunt no fire tonight , son . too many rider out . Grounds grunt . suddenly there 's a o.s. SOUND . both jump up . hunt who 's that ? breakenridge step from the shadow , Winchester at he shoulder , squinting through the dark with he spectacle . breakenridge it 's deputy breakenridge . they relax and lower they pistol , heaving sigh of relief . hunt sister Boy ! thank God , we be afraid - breakenridge you should not have kill Mr. fabian . you should not have do that . it be wrong . I be takin ' you both in for it . hunt what ? you gotta be kiddin' . look , just go home ' fore you get hurt . breakenridge do not want to kill you but I will if I have to . I be warning you . ground no , I be warning you , sister Boy ! Grounds step forward menancingly . breakenridge tense : breakenridge do not try it ! ground sister Boy , just go to hell ! Grounds raise he pistol . breakenridge recoil in fright , stumbling backward in the dark , and he rifle accidentally fire . Grounds drop like a stone , a look of utter disbelief on he die face . hunt look at he in shock then turn on breakenridge , raise he gun and snarling . breakenridge fire again . hunt grab he midsection , drop he gun and fall to he knee . he look up at breakenridge who shrug timidly : breakenridge sorry . hunt fall over , dead . breakenridge stare at the body , hardly believe it himself .... ext - front porch , hooker be ranch - morning Wyatt and he man be on the porch , listen to hooker : hooker ... bring them in drape over they saddle . Little billy breakenridge . sister Boy . he do it . so I guess the law 's finally arrive in southeast Arizona . Wyatt shake he head , hardly comprehend what he start .... ext - cowboy camp # 3 - day the Cowboys be campe on a mountaintop overlook hooker 's ranch in the valley below . a messenger ride up with a letter for behan as ringo pace , study the set up with ike . ringo hooker 's get around 15 or 16 hand . we could take them right enough but it might be a mess . keep the place bottled up for now , see if we can figure a way to flush them . behan suddenly step up , beside himself , hold up he message : behan it 's too much ! it 's completely out of hand ! Governor gosper 's talk about ask the President to send in the Army ! listen ringo , you have get to get this over with and you have get to do it now . one way or another . ext - front porch , hooker be ranch - late day Wyatt stand on the front porch , look through the front door to the back bedroom where Doc lie unconscious while hooker and the other look on : wyatt we should get move . vermillion Doc 's just in no kinda shape . hooker do not have to bother about that . take a vote . Cowboys or not , you can stay here as long as you want . anyway maybe you do enough . I mean you whittle them down considerable , now there 's talk of sendin ' the Army in here . ask I , you do enough . ranch hand ( ride up , point ) Rider comin ' in under a white flag they look up as the 3rd cowboy ride up with a white kerchief . 3rd cowboy get a message . ringo want mcmaster to come over to we Camp for a parley . mcmaster he do not figure on all the stink this be causin ' . might be he 's lookin ' to strike a bargain . if so , he probably figure he need somebody like I who talk he Language . could be we get he . wyatt I do not like it . mcmaster might as well hear he out . anyway , what choice we get ? ( mount horse , whisper ) but no matter what happen , see it through to the end . if you do not I will curse the day I ever laid eye on you . before Wyatt can answer , McMasters ride off with the cowboy .... ext - hooker hill cowboy camp # 3 - late day McMasters ride up with the 3rd cowboy . Riding through camp , all he former comrade flare at he with pure hate . only ringo smile , step up as McMasters dismount . ringo well hello , sherm . mcmaster you want to talk ? ringo yeah , kinda , want to see if you would join back up with we . mcmaster that what you get I up here for ? ringo you be a cowboy , you be a brother . come back , no hard feeling . mcmaster forget it , ringo . ringo be not there anything I can say that will change you mind ? you be gonna stay with you new friend ? mcmaster ' least they do not scare woman . ringo you be the boss . one thing , though . ringo move closer , look he in the eye and smile : ringo how you gonna get back to them ? ext - hooker be ranch - late day the 3rd cowboy ride up to the ranch house , dump a large something in front , and gallop back to just within earshot as Wyatt and he man run up . the object be a human corpse and though we can not see what be do to it , the expression on they face be plain enough . vermillion why could not they have jus kill he ? 3rd cowboy ( shout ) ringo want to be sure he get you attention , marshal . he want a straight - up fight , just you and him , settle this thing once and for all . you win , we quit the territory ; ringo win , you deputy get safe conduct to the Colorado line . sundown today in the oak grove at the mouth of sulphur Springs Canyon . ride out with you escort , we will meet you . wyatt you tell ringo ... just tell he I will be there . johnson Wyatt , be you crazy ? wyatt I make a promise . vermillion Wyatt , listen , you can not beat him . you be good and God know you get the courage , but you ai not in ringo 's class . Hell , he 's the best that 's ever be . ' cept maybe for Wild Bill . johnson he 's right , Wyatt . ringo could put five into you before you could even get one into he . wyatt but I would do it , I would get that one into he . so help I God , I would . johnson all right Wyatt , maybe you can . but you gotta die to do it . understand ? you gotta die ! in tight on Wyatt as this word sink in and .... int - bedroom , hooker ranch - late day it 's late and the last ray of the sun come through the window , fall on the bed where Doc lie , awake but look like hell . Wyatt sit next to he , stare at the floor . after a moment : wyatt what make a man like ringo , Doc ? what make he do the thing he do ? doc a man like ringo 's get a great empty hole right through the Middle of he and no matter what he do he can not ever fill it . he can not kill enough or steal enough or inflict enough pain to ever fill it . and it drive he mad . sick mad . cold and dirty . wyatt so what do he want ? doc what do he want ? he want revenge . wyatt revenge ? for what ? Doc look at he , a look of purest sadness in he sink eye . doc be bear . Wyatt look down again and it 's a long time before he speak : wyatt remember how I say it all happen so fast with curly Bill I do not have time to think about it ? well I have have plenty of time to think about this . I spend most of my life since I be bear not know what I want out of life , just chasin ' my tail . but now , for the first time I know exactly what I want . and who . and that 's the damnable misery of it . ( pause , look at Doc ) I can not beat he , can I ? Doc shake he head . Wyatt nod then stand , ready to exit , but : doc no , wait , I will go with you ... Doc struggle to sit up , sweat and tremble , finally fall back down , almost pass out . Wyatt put a hand on he forehead . doc I be sorry . I be sorry , Wyatt . God , I be so sorry . wyatt that 's all right , Doc . do not worry . doc never get to wear one of that . Doc point to Wyatt 's badge . he take it off , press it into Doc 's hand . Doc smile then do pass out . Wyatt exit .... ext - front porch , hooker ranch - late day it 's late , almost sunset . Wyatt step onto the porch where hooker and the other wait . he glance back into the house , look at the unconscious Doc through the open bedroom door . hooker do not worry . they want he they will have to go over we first . Wyatt nod gratefully , offer he hand . hooker take it , abash . Wyatt mount up with Johnson and vermillion . they ride off at a slow gallop , 3 figure against the twilight sky .... ext - hooker hill / cowboy camp # 3 - late day ringo wait atop the hill with ike and the 3rd cowboy watch as Wyatt 's group ride out : ringo only three . they leave somebody behind . let 's go take a look . ext - hooker ranch - late day ringo and the other ride up . hooker step up with several hand . hooker what be you doin ' here ? ringo who 's in there ? hooker it 's holliday . he 's sick . imagine he 's dyin' . ringo squint through the front door of the house to the open bedroom where Doc lie unconscious , chest heaving , sweat . ringo drag he out here , let 's have a look . hooker I look the other way when you do a lot of foul thing but I ai not lettin ' you torment a dyin ' man . not as long as he 's under my roof . I draw the line there . hooker and he man look resolute . ringo smile , nodd : ringo all right , hooker . I will be back in about a hour . we will see how brave you be then . hooker I will be here . ringo and he man ride off . at the crossroad they stop , ike peel off . ringo soon as I be through with Wyatt , swarm down with the whole bunch and finish off Creek Johnson and Texas Jack . and they gallop off in opposite direction as .... ext - sulphur spring canyon - late day 2 Cowboys , ringo 's second , ride up to where Wyatt and he man stand dismounted , wait . one point to a thicket nearby : 3rd cowboy he 's waitin ' for you by the big oak , quarter mile up that trail . ext - NORTH road - late day behan and the other Cowboys wait at the road above the canyon . 30 strong , mount and ready . ike ride up , full of anticipation : ike get ready . soon as ringo 's do we be gonna take care of the other . behan be not we give they safe conduct ? ike sure we be . all the way to hell . ext - sulphur spring canyon - sunset sunset . ringo 's second wait nearby as Wyatt whisper to he man : wyatt they be not givin ' you any safe conduct . soon as the shoot start kick east for the New Mexico line . well ... Wyatt shake hand with vermillion who turn away with emotion , hide he face . Wyatt turn to Johnson . johnson Wyatt , I ... I be not get the word . wyatt I know . I neither . Wyatt pat he shoulder and walk off alone into the thicket , the only sound the musical clinking and chime of he spur .... ext - thicket - sunset a gorgeous sunset , yellow and red and magenta . make he way down the trail , Wyatt look up at the sky . a flock of wild geese fly overhead in v-formation , oblivious to the human drama below . Wyatt stop , drink it all in , as if try to grab all he can in the time leave . suddenly he close he eye , fall to he knee , tremble , afraid for the first time . he clasp he hand : wyatt dear God , this be the last Battle . I work it out in my head every which way and I know there 's no way I be comin ' through this alive . you have preserve I this far so I only ask one more favor : just let I live long enough to kill that man . thy will be do and there 's a amen to it . Wyatt stand back up , he fear go , replace by calm , he face luminous , almost angelic . he walk on , spur still chime as .... ext - oak grove - sunset a clear by a creek with a cluster of small oak . ringo lean against a tree , sip from a hip flask , smoking a slim cheroot . we hear the chiming spur approach . ringo look up as the tall silhouette of he enemy emerge from the shadow of the thicket . ringo well , do not think you have it in you . ( smile , set himself ) shall we ? dark silhouette I be you huckleberry . ringo stiffen as the silhouette step into the wane light . it 's doc , pale and draw , look like death itself , but awake and ready just the same : doc why johnny ringo , you look like somebody just walk over you grave . ( see he shock ) oh , I be not quite as sick as I make out . ringo my fight 's not with you , holliday . doc I beg to differ . we start a fight we never get to finish . play for blood , remember ? ringo I be kid about that . for the last time , that cheshire cat smile come over Doc 's face : doc I be not . ( pin on Wyatt 's badge ) and this time it 's legal . ringo nod , he hock replace by a grow malice . as they set themselves , once again they eye begin to blaze , boring into each other , they concentrate rage focus on each other , about to reach critical mass .... ringo all right , lunger . let 's do it . doc say when . a long tense moment then both grunt in unison . blurr movement , the flash of a gunshot . Doc slap he gun back in it 's holster as ringo stumble , a bullet hole in the side of he head .... ext - thicket - sunset back in the thicket , Wyatt hear the gunshot and start run ... ext - oak grove - sunset blood coursing from the hole in he head , frenzied message flicker all through he shattered brain , go only on pure hate , ringo stumble and jerk , struggle to raise he pistol . Doc dance in front of he , urging he on : doc come on ! come on ! but finally ringo fall over into the crook of the oak tree , he pistol fire into the air harmlessly . Doc look down at he , shaking he head : doc oh johnny . you be no daisy , no Daisy at all . just then Wyatt appear , look at Doc in total shock . wyatt what happen ? Doc look at he like he 's a fool then point to ringo : doc poor soul , he be so high-strung . afraid the strain be more than he could bear . suddenly we hear horse crash through the brush toward they . doc let 's go ! my horse be over here . they dash off into the thicket . moment later ringo 's second ride out into the grove . see ringo 's body , they jaw drop .... ext - canyon mouth - sunset vermillion and Johnson practically jump for joy as Wyatt and Doc emerge from the thicket , Doc lead he horse . vermillion praise Jesus ! johnson I will be dip in shit . I will , too . ext - NORTH road - sunset alert by the shot , ike turn to behan and the other . ike all right , get ready ... ext - canyon mouth - sunset vermillion and Johnson be mount , watch while Doc try to climb up into the saddle with excruciate slowness . though on he foot , it 's clear Doc be as sick as ever , sweat and panting , run on sheer animal courage . Wyatt stand behind he , he hand poise to help , try to will he into the saddle , jerk he hand behind he every time Doc look back . finally , with a last grunt , Doc throw a leg over he horse and drop into the saddle . Wyatt mount , turn to he man , point : wyatt all right , what 's it to be ? New Mexico 's that way . johnson Colorado 's closer wyatt so be the Cowboys . they're up that road right now , wait to jump we . vermillion we be the law , be not we ? well the Law do not ride around vermin- johnson it ride right at them . like McMasters say , see it through to the end . Wyatt look at Doc , who shrug . Wyatt swing he horse alongside , suddenly notice he badge on Doc 's chest . Doc smile wanly : doc I just want to see what it feel like . here ... he start unpin it but Wyatt stop he , press he palm onto the badge over Doc 's heart . a last look around each other then Wyatt signal and they start up the north road at the lope , four abreast , the last charge of Wyatt earp and he immortal .... ext - NORTH road - sunset from a lookout position above , a cowboy call down to the other : 4 th cowboy rider comin' . behan heave a sigh of relief , glance around at the other . behan well I guess ringo do it . but suddenly ringo 's second gallop up from the flank : 3rd cowboy ringo 's dead behan what ? strain to see in the fall light , the cowboy on the rock shout excitedly : 4 th cowboy that 's Wyatt earp 's bunch ! the word start to spread , the crowd of horseman buz . suddenly , off in the distance , the 4 horseman come into view , come straight at they at a lope . 3rd cowboy they be comin ' right at we ! down the road , Wyatt asnd he man pull they shotgun , hold they at the ready as they break into a gallop . the cowboy on the rock jump down , mount he horse . 4 th cowboy here they come ! get ready ... the Cowboys line - up on a rise , block the road . they draw they gun . Wyatt and he man keep come , now 200 yard away . behan groan , panic sink sour and heavy , churn he bowel : behan oh , no ... now Wyatt 's man break into a dead run , hurtle toward they at top speed , they thoroughbred eat up the distance , now only 100 yard away . the Cowboys tense up more and more , bite lip , grind tooth . the 4th cowboy turn to the nearby 3rd cowboy : 4 th cowboy what d' you think ? 3rd cowboy I think it 's time to start workin ' for a livin ' . behan I too ! they break and run . so do another . suddenly the whole mass of they explode in panic with horseman riding in all direction , scurrying away like cockroach from a light . ike look around , scream at they , beside himself as the 4th cowboy ride by : ike kill them ! kill them ! it 's only four man ! why do not you kill them ? 4 th cowboy why do not you ? the other keep go , leave he behind . but see Wyatt bear down on he , ike finally bolt himself , pound off hell - for-leather into the hill . Wyatt and he man keep come at a full gallop and as they crest the rise , suddenly , as before , the ground seem to fall out from under they and for another burn moment they once again appear airborne , grim - face avenge angel on winge horse , now even more majestic in the twilight , like a myth make flesh , awesome , superb , and unutterably beautiful . as they approach , only breakenridge remain , give they a tentative wave . Wyatt point a finger at he as they ride by in a flash , crest another rise and pass into legend .... int - hospital room - day the clock on the wall of this private denver hospital room tick gently but inexorably as Doc lie in bed with father feeney , a Catholic priest , sit at he side . painfully emaciate , he breathe shallow and labor , Doc be so weak it 's all he can do to even move he eye . but he brighten as Wyatt enter : doc well hell , Wyatt . Wyatt , I want you to meet Father feeney . Father feeney 's just be initiate I into the mystery of the great and ancient Church of Rome . you see , it appear my hypocrisy know no bound . wyatt how you feelin ' , Doc ? doc Rather a obvious question under the circumstance , do not you agree ? a better one might be how do you feel ? wyatt ( sit down , sigh ) hurt . hurt pretty bad . doc I imagine it would , yes . so now we can add self - pity to you list of frailty . wyatt all right , Doc ... doc you think I be kid . you be the most fallible , wrong-heade , self - delude , just generally benighted jackass I have ever known . yet , withal , even at you worst , you be the only human be in my entire life who ever gave I hope . wyatt all I ever want be to live a normal life . doc when will you wake up ? you would not know a normal life if it bit you in the ass . wyatt that 's great come from you . doc I play the card I be deal , Wyatt . you problem be you be always try to play someone else 's . allow I to tell you the Truth and thus set you free : there be no happiness , Wyatt there be no normal life . there 's only life , that 's all . just life . the rest be relative . wyatt then what do I do ? doc first you can grab that black - haire woman and make she you own . wyatt all right . then what ? doc run . take that girl and start running . run and do not look back . all you life you be run and look back and just barely existing and call it get by . this time run and do not look back and call it live . live every second , live it right up to the hilt . live , Wyatt ... ( pause , take he hand ) live for I . Wyatt stare into he eye , let this sink in . just then , Doc look up , as if something be press on he . then : doc Wyatt , please , if you be ever my friend , if you ever have even the smallest feel for I , leave . leave now . please . they look at each other and something pass between they , something so personal and powerful it transcend emotion . Wyatt start to speak , but : doc never mind , Wyatt . I know . just go . Doc turn away . Wyatt exit . Doc look over at Father feeney : doc now let 's see , Father . what be that monkey show you be talk about ? father feeney you mean extreme unction ? doc that 's it . better start that ball roll . Father feeney nod , pick up he missal . as he start to intone the last rite , Doc look down at the end of the bed and see he foot poke through the sheet . they be bare . Doc smile : doc I will be damned ... ( look at feeney ) this be funny . int - denver theater stage - night a lively road company production of " h.m.s. pinafore " . josephine and 3 chorus girl , all adorable in out - size sailor suit do the seamen 's hornpipe to the resounding applause of the audience .... int - dressing room - night josephine and she fellow chorine , include the 1st actress from before , all in various stage of undress , sit at the long mirror , remove they make - up and chat : 1st actress I can not get use to this thin air here in Denver . I think I be go to faint on that last buck - and-w . josephine I know , it 's - suddenly the door burst open . scream and stunne reaction . Wyatt rush in and go to josephine who sit in stunne silence . he fall to he knee and grab the hem of she robe . josephine Wyatt ! my God ... wyatt do you ever see the sun come up over the Rockies ? it hit all of a sudden and below there 's California and you swear you be look at heaven . Wyatt stand , pull she close , clasp she hand in he : wyatt I have nothing leave . I have nothing to give you . I have no pride , no dignity , no money . I do not even know how we will make a live . but I promise I will love you every second of you life . josephine do not worry , Wyatt . my family 's rich . int / ext - train - day brilliant sunlight , clean , crisp air as a train hurtle through a pass high up in the Rocky Mountains , blow its whistle and send a giant plume of steam billow up over the sheer , tower , snow - top mountain wall into the crystal - clear sky above . Wyatt lead josephine by the hand through the parlor car , both hardly able to contain themselves , brim over with excitement and anticipation , like child wait for Christmas morning and try to ignore the group of reporter dogging they footstep , swarm around they , call out to Wyatt : 1st reporter Mr earp ! one minute , please ! you and you four man have just accomplish in one week what it take the Texas ranger four year to do . please , do you have any comment ? Wyatt and josephine hunch down and duck through a knot of porter into the next car . only the 1st reporter give chase . move into the passenger car furthest forward , Wyatt lead she through the door to the platform over the coupling between car . chugge up a steep grade toward a high crest , the train be immerse in shadow . Wyatt point ahead to the approach crest : wyatt there . it will come up over that ridge . Inside meanwhile , the 1st reporter come through the car and spot they up . a business - type passenger tug on he sleeve : passenger what 's the commotion ? who be they ? 1st reporter do not you know ? that 's Wyatt earp , the lion of tombstone , and his lady fair . outside , still bath in shadow , Wyatt and josephine hang onto the railing and lean out , watch in as the train near the top . wyatt get ready , here it come ! here it come ! then , as if on cue , they crest the mountain and be suddenly bath in golden sunlight , they head lean from the train , Wyatt 's blonde hair and josephine 's black tresses flow in the breeze , they face luminous , look straight ahead toward they future . hold on this image as the sun get brighter and brighter , finally make the frame white - out as we .... fade out : epilog / desert : a old man and woman walk arm - in - arm through the mojave , tiny figure in a vast landscape , sierras loom in the distance . v.o. narration " Wyatt and josephine embark on a series of adventure throughout the west , make and lose several fortune , always live the high life , spend every winter , just the two of they , prospect for gold in the desert foothills of southeastern California . up or down , thin or flush , in 47 year they never Left each other 's side . " the figure of the old man and woman fade away , leave only the desert and the mountain which be eternal .... v.o. narration " Wyatt earp die in Los Angeles in 1929 . among the pallbearer at he funeral be early western movie star William S. hart and Tom mix . " flicker image from early Hollywood silent film split the frame : on one side the grim but impassion figure of William S. hart , the original western good - badman crouch menacingly behind a pair of sixguns , he costume dusty and severe ; and on the other side Tom mix , the original western fantasy hero , so light - heart and optimistic with he sunny grin and fancy white outfit .... v.o. narration " Tom mix wept . " hold on this two image as the music swell and we .... fade to black . the end