T o m o R R o W N E V E R D I E S ( bond 18 ) screenplay by Bruce feirstein ( for educational purpose only ) -------------------------------------------------------------- fade in on : ext . desolate mountain range - high angle - dawn Super : the khyber pass , afghanistan we be look down at what use to be call " the end of the known World . " a landscape that be both beautiful , and forbid . in the center of this vista , there be a deep ravine . push in on the ravine , there appear to be a giant icicle hang over a cliff : a ice fall . a 600 foot waterfall whose face be freeze solid . push in still closer , there be a tiny black dot inching its way up the ice . a human figure . this be : jame bond , british secret service agent , 007 . bond be sweat and strain , four hundred foot in the air . he have a ice-pick tethere to each hand , ice-cleat on he boot . a black backpack . as he climb , spider - like , pull himself up , he go to jam a cleat into the ice , but - crack ! a 50 foot stiletto of ice break off , crashing onto the rock below . regain he foothold , bond look down : certain death . he look up : so very , very , far to go . bond shake he head : bond there have to be a easier way to earn a live . still , bond climb . huffing , sweat , he go up , and up , until - another angle - he 's 25 foot from the top . he drive a first ice pick in . get a toehold . but when he slam the second pick in - the ice wall shatter , falling away in front of he . in the SHOCK - bond lose he grip on the first ice pick - and 007 be now dangle , 575 foot in the air , stare at a torrent of water - hang only by the leather thread around he wrist , attach to the first ice-pick , still embed in the wall . bond pause . thinks . and coolly begin to swing himself back and forth , in widen arc , like a clock 's pendulum . at the high point of he swing , bond reach back to smash he other pick into the ice - but miss . he look up at : the first ice pick , still embedded in the wall - beginning to work its way out . the tether , fray . return on bond - cautiously , 007 begin to swing a second time . once. twice . and on the third arc , he swing the ice-pick viciously - but miss again . angle on the first ice pick , still embedded in the wall - now jutting downward , barely hold . the tether be almost totally fray through . return on bond - one last chance . bond swing . once. twice . he reach back , hurl himself at the wall , lung - and smashes the second pick into the ice ... just as the tether finally snap on the first one . still , he 's all but home : he reach over , grab the first pick ( barely hold in the ice , ) jab it in , and continue upward . ext . the top of the water fall - exhausted , bond reach up , over the edge . he drive a pick down - through the ice , into the hard , flat , ground beneath the waterbed . as he pull himself up , ( he full weight on the first ice- pick , ) he smashes a second pick through the ice , into the waterbed , and - the entire ice fall give way - break off with a groan , tumble onto the rock below . in the waterbed - a torrent of water crash over 007 . Fighting the oncoming deluge , he crawl - on he belly - through the water - 25 foot inland . new angle - ( top of the water fall , inland ) bond stand , walk out of the riverbed . he look back at the cliff : bond be Pov - the water fall - on either side of the water , there be two small radar dish , angle down , scan every inch of the area , save for the waterfall itself . in other word : this be the only way in . return on bond - 007 shrug . from he backpack , he take out two cigar - size black canister , and a elongated black BOX . he press a button on the side of the box , and - fwap , fwap , fwap - snow skis unfold . he press button on the canister : telescopic ski pole . bond slap on the skis , and take off , through the snow . ext . snow - cover forest - bond skis through the pine - ext . mountain cliff - bond hurtle over the side , go airborne , landing 100 foot below , amidst boulder . in perfect Olympic form , he skis out , and down . ext . mountainside - bond slalom down , in and out of tree , to avoid detection . at the bottom , where the snow thin , he come to : a rock outcropping . hiding behind the rock , bond take off he skis , knapsack . he unpack ( and unfold ) a high tech automatic rifle . put on a headset . he creep up on the rock , and look out on : a secret military base / AIR strip ( bond be Pov ) 50 foot down , 200 yard away : 50 men be unload cargo from a dozen military transport truck ; there be two NORTH korean mig -29 on the ground ( one partially obscure by a truck , ) plus flatbed carry helicopter and SCUD missile . near a quonset hut , a truck - mounted radar dish scan the area , with infrare gatling gun mount on either side . bond - at the rock outcropping - props he rife on the boulder , and peer through the gun sight . through the telescopic sight - he see a closer ( but still wide ) telescopic view of man bargain over weapon , and forklift load / unload crate of munition . the same scene on a video wall - mi-6 situation room , london . bond' voice ( over a speaker ) Seven , in position . tanner's voice Roger , Seven . watch this display be m , tanner , and a handful of military brass , include a russian general , bukharin , and british admiral roebuck , a aging sea-lion with no love for m , or MI - 6 . m deal with the humorless Admiral by , well , humoring he : m ... what be you say , Admiral ? something about this ' not be a job for a wine -sniff , skirt - chase playboy spy ? ' admiral roebuck - I will be sure to acknowledge 007 's ' assistance ' in my report to the Prime Minister . but this be , still , a naval operation . m what do they say in Russia , General bukharin ? ( ask question in flawless Russian ) the general chuckle . translates : general bukharin ' in a joint operation , someone 's nose always get put out of joint . ' m turn to Admiral roebuck : m I be interested in success , Admiral . not who get credit . ( turn to : ) Mr. tanner : what have we get ? tanner point to the video wall with a red laser pen . tanner ( ironically ) a regular terrorist swap meet . death at discount : two chinese Long March scud , a pair of Soviet a - 17 attack helicopter - bukharin ( interrupt ) stolen - tanner and the crate look like american m - 16 assault rifle , chilean antipersonnel mine , six french Exocet missile , and 75 - no maybe a hundred - kilogram of Czech make C -4 semtech explosive . ( beat ) something for everyone . fun for the whole family . m ( freezing he with a glance ) what about id 's ? tanner ( push a button on a console ) one to seven : deal the face card . the rock outcropping - bond adjust a knob on the scope . mi-6 situation room - on the video-screen , the picture zoom to a close up of one of the arm trader . tanner press a button , and - almost instantly - the man 's bio and vital appear on another video screen . tanner gustav meinholtz . Neo - Nazi , former East german stasi agent . tye to the beider - meinhoff gang . ( press a button ) ace high , seven . bid to the east . bond shift he aim , east . ( intercut as necessary ) he zeroe in on another face , and the man 's stat appear in London . tanner vilko barkoviac . bosnian war criminal ; think to be operate freelance out of Teheran . ( press a button ) full house , seven . bid to the North . bond comply . another face , another set of stat : tanner sitoshi isagura . japanese religious fanatic . want for the Tokyo subway - admiral roebuck ( impatiently , cut he off : ) I have see enough . let 's finish this . ( order m : ) tell you man to drop back . we be initiate plan B - m but - admiral roebuck - thank you , M. but this be more than you man can handle . ( to bukharin ) be we in agreement ? bukharin ( hesitant , at first ) - yes. yes . m Admiral - move swiftly , the Admiral have pick up a red phone : admiral roebuck Command to Nelson : authorization to fire . ext . a british warship - steaming in the gulf of oman - int . weapon control room - british warship - captain weapon authorize . prepare to fire . on my count : five. four. Three . two - ext . deck of the warship - a launcher rotate , and - boom - a Cruise missile blast off . int . warship weapon control room - firing officer Cruise missile away - mi-6 situation room - firing officer's voice ( cont would ) time to target : four minute . admiral roebuck I appreciate you assistance , M. but this be now a military operation . m ( urgently , to tanner ) bring up the tracking satellite . and get 007 out of there . tanner hit a button - and a third video screen appear , display a satellite view of the area , detail the Cruise 's path and progress . tanner one to seven : exit target area . repeat - bond' voice Seven to one . negative . wait . the rock outcropping - bond have take he eye from the scope . he 's peer at : the mig - 29's - ( " mig -1 , " and " mig - 2 " ) - a forklift appear from behind the truck block the view of " mig -l " a tall bald man be riding the empty fork , with he back to we . bond - put he eye back on the scope , shift the rifle - mi-6 / video wall - bond 's scope view settles on the bald man . the forklift reach the back of the truck . he step off as the fork begin rise to unload something . and as the man turn , facing US to scan the area : tanner oh , no . m who be it ? tanner ( call up he stat ) Kim dae yung. North Korean nuclear specialist . m meaning there may be nuclear material down there ? tanner nod . a look pass from m , to bukharin , to roebuck . the cruise missile - hugging the surface , crossing from water to land . mi-6 situation room - voice from warship time to target : Three minute . ( sfx : beep ! ) target acquire . weapon armed . tension . adrenaline . quiet panic . on the screen , the fork lift have pull a red BOX from the truck , a short round man appear with it . m who be that ?!? what 's in the box ?? tanner ( punch button ) I do not know . he 's not in the database - m ( to bukharin ) what 's in the box , General ? ( he shrug ) what 's in the box ??? bukharin ( sheepishly ) ... we usually ... Transport ... weapon grade uranium . shock sweep the room . m turn on tanner : m will it go off ? tanner maybe . maybe not . m abort the cruise . admiral roebuck it 's too late - m get bond out of there . tanner one to seven - one to seven - bond - squinting through the rifle at the outcropping - bond negative , one . not yet . the truck / mig -l , on the ground / through the scope - the bald man slap the back of the truck obscure mig - 1 . the truck pull away , revealing mig-l 's wing . hanging from the weapon pod : a nuclear bomb . bond - at the rock outcropping - mutter a curse . mi-6 situation room - tanner Soviet sb - 9 nuclear torpedo . yield , one kiloton . m will the cruise set it off ? tanner yes . admiral roebuck ( to bukharin ) Jesus . can not you people keep anything lock up ? general bukharin we do not know it be miss . m get I the Prime Minister . alert NATO , the CIA , the Pentagon . ( press a button : ) Seven : this be a direct order . I want you out of there . do you copy ? the rock outcropping - bond 's headset lie on top of the rock , along with the telescopic sight - still broadcasting . find bond , crouching behind the rock . Automatic rifle in one hand , grenade in the other . he pull the pin , hurl it 40 foot away . pause . wait , count down time . then - bond spring . shoot at one of the crate . it blows up , just as - the grenade explode . there 's panic on the ground . Men run everywhere as the radar / gatling gun spin , and send a hail of FIRE at bond 's diversion . and with this , bond be off , sprint into the chaos . the same scene - video screen - mi-6 situation room . stone silence . disbelief . tanner whisper : tanner God help he . the cruise missile - flying through a mountain ravine - God help the rest of we . the secret AIR base - as various faction shoot at each other ( who 's the traitor ? ) bond streak toward the action . without break stride , he swing he gun to the right : two burst . three men die . still run , he swing to the leave : another burst . two more down . ahead , bond see the flight crews dashing for the mig 's . he make a beeline for mig - 1 . angle on the bald man - slam the gate on the red BOX in a cargo truck . rushing to the passenger door . climb in . the short round man floor the accelerator , drive they away . the cruise missile - starting its descent down a mountain mi-6 situation room - m , watching helplessly - voice from warship time to target : thirty second . wide on mig-1 - the pilot climb the ladder to the cockpit . running at full tilt , bond leap , pull the man down . they fall to the tarmac , fighting . bond shove a knife in the man 's rib , kill he . kneel , bond take the pilot 's helmet off . he look up : a man be come at he with a gun . in one unbroken move , bond yank the knife from the pilot 's body and throws it - thwack - into the man 's heart . angle on mig - 2's pilot - watching this from he cockpit . return on bond - climbing into the cockpit - where the copilot ( have climb in from the other side , ) see it 's not the right guy . as he fumble for a weapon , bond bash he with the helmet . the copilot collapse into he seat , unconscious . bond settles into he seat , fire the engine , close the double canopy , and begin taxiing out . the cruise missile - crossing over the perimeter of the AIR base mi-6 situation room - roebuck , tanner , m , watching , unable to breathe - high angle - the runway - the cruise skim in directly over bond' plane , speed to takeoff . ( int . bond be mig ) bond shove the throttles to the fireball and - the video - wall - mi-6 situation room - ka -boom !!!! the scene on the screen erupt in a giant explosion - then turn to video-snow . be bond alive ? no one in London know . high angle - the AIR base - the fireball grow and grow , a raging hell . and just when it seem no one could possibly survive : bond be mig rocket out of the flame !! int . bond be mig - bond think he 's safe . sound . until - mig-2 fly out of the fireball - cannon blaze at 007 . a hail of metal and tracers . int . / ext . bond be mig - bond go into evasive maneuver - jink right , jink leave - when , suddenly , the copilot revive , and start try to strangle bond with a metal lanyard . struggle , bond hear a thin high - pitched tone - int . / ext . mig - 2 the pilot have lock onto bond 's mig . boom ! two heat -seeking missile roar away . int . / ext . bond be mig - Fighting the garrote , bond kick the throttles forward and pull back on the yoke . the mig go into a spine crush climb as - the two heat seeking missile follow he , looping upward . int . mig - 2 - bond 's mig have disappear from the pilot 's view : not in front . not on the leave . not on the right . where do he go ? the pilot look up : bond' mig appear , flying inverted , cockpit down , 10 feet above mig - 2 . the pilot of mig -2 be stunned . int . / ext . bond be mig - Fighting against the garrote , bond strain to reach a red button on the panel : copilot ejector seat . bond finally tap it , and - the back half of the canopy blows off ! the copilot blast out of the plane , downward , directly into mig - 2 's cockpit . bond peel off . for a second , mig - 2 hang in the air . until ... boom !!! the two heat seeking missile blast it to smithereen . back in mig -1 , bond fiddle with the radio . mi-6 - situation room - bond' voice Seven to base . I have a full house . you bid . the situation room erupt in cheer . return on bond in the mig - bond by the way : thank the General for all he " assistance . " over and out . ext . bond be mig - go to afterburner . and from the fiery glow of the engine , we dissolve to : the 007 gun barrel . MAIN credit . after credit , fade in on : ext . oxford college - day all ivy and brick ... and a certain aston-martin DB - 5 , park . int . book line office - afterglow : empty champagne bottle . rumpled sheet on a sleeper sofa . bond be in bed with a smart , ironic , ( and , yes , stun , ) 30 - ish chinese woman , jenny wu . ( note : the chinese here be mandarin , spell phonetically . ) bond ( run a finger across she lip ) ... and what do you call this ? jenny wu ja-shwa tsway . this be lip . bond indeed they be . ( kiss they , lightly ) deadly little thing . she laugh . his hand go beneath the sheet . bond and what do you call this ? the gang of two ? jenny wu ( smack he hand , laugh : ) stop it ! bond I be just get to the interesting part ! jenny wu we have already do the interesting part . do you forget ? bond remind I . he move to roll on top of she , but she push he off , teasing : jenny wu sakwa ! bond be that mandarin , or cantonese ? jenny wu mandarin . you jerk . ( tousle he hair ) I be late . I have to get dress . she hop off the bed , leave frame . bond settles back on the headboard , ready to enjoy the view ... when he cell phone ring . bond ( lightly ) hello - ( catch himself ) hello . int . m's anteroom - MI - 6 . moneypenny , at she desk . moneypenny hello , James . I hope I be interrupt something important . int . office - ( intercut as necessary ) ( Jenny have a leg on the bed , pull on a full Victoria 's secret outfit : nylon , garter / suspender , bustier , etc . ) bond not at all , moneypenny . I be just brush up on a little chinese . ( in the background , Jenny insist " I be not little . " ) moneypenny I be sure she be , James . but I be afraid you will have to ' kiss off ' the rest of you lesson this afternoon . bond ( mock chagrin ) moneypenny ... here I be , finally get a feel for a new tongue - moneypenny four o'clock . m will meet you in the conference room . bond watch with amusement as Jenny Wu slip a graduation - type gown over the lingerie . no dress . bond 4:30 . it may take I a little longer to wrap thing up here . moneypenny four o'clock . do not be late . bond ( hang up : ) tsi tien , Chien -penny . on moneypenny : moneypenny ah , James . you always be a cun linguist ... au revoir , mon cher . moneypenny hang up , look up , and blanch : m be stand there . moneypenny do not ask . m do not tell . ( walk away ) I do not want to know . int . hallway - outside jenny' office - oxford - bond and Jenny Wu emerge from the office . ( she 's still in the gown . ) they pass a flock of young student : student good afternoon , Professor wu. jenny wu good afternoon . ( then to bond ) be you sure you can not stay for the lecture ? bond I can not . but I do enjoy the dress rehearsal . she give he a wry glance , open a door to a lecture hall . jenny wu tsi tien , Mr. bond . bond tsi tien , Professor wu. she exit ; bond walk off , pass underneath a wall mounted tv set . on the tv set - the hnn Globe logo - the harmsway News Network - spin into view , follow by : hnn anchor you be watch hnn , the harmsway 24 hour news network . come up : ( mortise shot of : ) Valentin Zukofsky 's stun victory in the ukrainian presidential election ... ( mortise shot of : ) live coverage of the latest hnn communication satellite launch from xichang ( shi-chung ) China ... and - ( mortise shot of : ) a special report on the situation in Hong Kong , since the chinese take - over from great Britain . ext . mi-6 london - day the DB - 5 drive past the guard . int . conference room - day debrief : bond , m , and several other listen as NATO colonel dominique everhart , ( early 30' , belgian , ) refer to video clip from the khyber pass sequence : col . dominique everhart to sum up : after analyze the tire inflation of the fork - lift in the MI - 6 video tape , NATO believe the " red box contain approximately eighty kilogram of u235 weapon grade uranium - a incredibly hard , incredibly heavy , incredibly lethal substance . m and that 's enough enrich uranium to produce how many nuclear device ? col . dqminique everhart depend on the builder 's sophistication - one crude bomb that could devastate London , Paris , New York , Berlin - or all four if they have the latest technology . there 's a pregnant pause in the room . m and the participant ? col . dominique everhart ( point at the screen ) Kim dae Yung . Moscow - train North Korean nuclear weapon specialist ; apparently fall out of favor with the current North Korean regime after a botch attempt to steal fissionable material from a british light - water reactor in South Africa - a accident that leave he entirely hairless ... another face appear on the screen : col . dominique everhart ( cont would ) and rendera sikrahm , also know as Richard stamper . freelance mercenary , Laos and Cambodia . his father be from Nepal - a ghurka warrior - con - script by the british government to fight in China during World War ii - after which the family settle in Hong Kong , where the young stamper be undoubtedly treat like a second class citizen by both the Hong Kong chinese , and local british . ( beat , aside : ) we have all read about the sign at the british swim pool in Hong Kong that say " no ghurka 's allow . " bond nothing like a little imperialism to promote loyalty among the faithful . col . dominique everhart ( stifles a smile , then : ) in conclusion : both this man have a vendetta against the world . they be nuclear armed , and dangerous . and have fail to get the uz35 through the old opium route - the khyber pass - it 's NATO 's belief that they next attempt will be through Bulgaria - where the NATO nuclear Strike Force will be there to stop they . m thank you Colonel everhart . ( stand , turn to : ) 007 , I would like to see you in my office . why do not you and the Colonel exchange number if you need more information ? bond yes , M. m exit . bond approach Dominique . she smile , warmly . there 's a mutual attraction - but there 's something else go on , unspoken . bond interesting presentation . dominique interesting video tape . bond they point , I shoot . dominique ( feel she pocket ) do you have a pen ? I just get promote and do not have my new card yet . bond of course . bond hand she a pen . she regards it cautiously . dominique ... do this do anything ? bond depend what number you write . she give he a wry look ; start to write . he note she wedding band . bond married ? dominique happily . bond ... kid ? dominique Three . you ? married ? bond no . dominique ( smile ) I do not think so . for a instant , something cross bond 's face : bittersweetness ? re - morse ? either way , she 's score a subtle victory . dominique here . I give you my assistant 's phone number . if it 's urgent , she know where to reach I . bond thanks . ( beat , hold she gaze ) take care - dominique you too . with a sphinx - like smile , she watch bond leave . int . hallway outside of conference room - continuous where bond encounter moneypenny , also walk to m 's office . bond moneypenny ! we have get to stop meeting like this . they may be on to we . moneypenny hello , James . enjoy you meeting ? bond in the darkest moment , it 's what I live for . especially since I have hear how much you like to watch ... on the hide camera . moneypenny cut bond a look - and , in the background , see Dominique leave the conference room , and walk down the hall , away from they . moneypenny by the way , James : ordinarily I would never ask , but ... be not you and that Colonel once strand on a raft for two week in the sargasso Sea ? bond moneypenny ! how indiscreet ! have you ever know I to kiss and tell ? they have come to a security door . she punch in a code - moneypenny actually , I have never know you to do either ... but - bond - we all want what we can not have ? moneypenny not all of we , 007 . the door open . they go into : int . m's anteroom ( moneypenny's area ) - continuous bond what - no lust for adventure ? moneypenny no , 007 . it 's just that I have learn from personal experience - that when we get what we want - ( beat ) somehow the reality be never as ... satisfy as the fantasy . bond scowl . moneypenny smile wryly , point to the inner door : moneypenny do not keep m wait . int . m's office - day m be behind she desk ; minister peter johnstone sit across - a high - hand teflon-coated politician , with the survival instinct of plutonium . they have be argue . m come in , 007 . you know the Minister ? bond of course . ( nod to ) Minister johnstone . minister johnstone 007 . bond sit in a armchair . m press a button , and a video / bio of eliot harmsway appear on the wall behind she . mid - 50' , regal . m tell I , 007 , what do you know about elliot harmsway ? bond ( quipping ) only what I read in the newspaper . minister johnstone ( disdainfully ) his newspaper ? bond ( glance sideways ) occasionally , yes . ( directly to m ) british media mogul . bear in Hong Kong ; control newspaper , tv , radio , cable , satellite ; book , magazine , movie , computer software . theme park . m ( hold up a copy of : ) - along with tomorrow - the first world - wide newspaper . circulation 27 million . Daily . - bond ' able to topple government with a single story ' - as he say in he press . johnstone ( hurrumph ) exactly . bond look at johnstone quizzically . then a very tight - lipped M. he sense he 's about to enter a minefield : bond ... what 's harmsway do ? m it seem , 007 , we have receive a tip minister johnstone a rumor - from a anonymous source - m - that Sir elliot may be involved with stamper and Yung , and the miss uranium . minister johnstone hearsay . idle chatter from a source you can not identify - who insist on talk only to 007 . nothing but loose talk and innuendo . m that may be the case at present , Minister johnstone ... but we own source suspect that Mr. harmsway use he considerable Russian media - holding to elect Valentin Zukofsky President of the Ukraine - in trade for the uranium . ( m have punch a button , and Valentin 's video bio have appear . ) minister johnstone more scurrilous , unsubstantiated gossip . bond perhaps . but it do explain how a ex -kgb agent turn illegal - arm dealer be suddenly portray as a long - time friend of the people . ( beat ) if you believe what you read in the papers . minister johnstone ( annoyed ) need I remind the two of you that elliot harmsway - Sir elliot harmsway - be directly descend from the Earl of Aberdeen ? that he Scottish ancestor practically invent Hong Kong - and out of sheer gratitude , Queen Victoria herself name the port " Aberdeen Harbor " in they honor ? m ( long pause , then : ) ... no more than I need remind you , Minister , that merely be a member of the lucky sperm club - do not preclude one from a life of criminal activity . johnstone be reeling . m continue , to bond , with aplomb : m the reason I invite the Minister here , 007 , be to reassure he that this investigation will be handle with the utmost discretion . bond of course . m which be also why I have withheld this information from NATO and we ally . bond ( nod , then , recalling ) ... do not we once investigate harmsway ? m yes. 1988 . he be furious at the british plan to return Hong Kong , and supposedly start he own negotiation with the chinese government . the inquiry go nowhere - but it do earn MI - 6 a rather powerful enemy - minister johnstone not to mention the chaos it cause at whitehall when he newspaper begin scream for the recall of the sit government . m ( a beat , then : ) I be send you to Venice , 007 . you be to check out the source , determine whether elliot harmsway be involved with the enrich uranium , and , if so , stop he . bond how will I meet the informant ? she hand bond a carnival mask : m you be to wear this mask at the Venice Carnival , and wait to be contact . bond I understand . minister johnstone ( stand , to leave ) there be one last thing , 007 : elliot harmsway be vital to the economic interest of this nation . he 's also a major contributor to the party . I expect he to be give every consideration . bond political consideration ? minister johnstone to the best of my recollection , Mr. bond , I suggest no such thing . ( beat , at the door ) in fact , I be never here . and he exit . m , frown , hit a button on she intercom : m would you send in the new man from equipment branch ? moneypenny ( o.s. ) right away . bond .... I hate to ask , but ... do you ever think you would miss communism ? m we serve the interest of the british people , 007 . no matter who we may be foolish enough to elect . bond be silent , chastise . m look away , then look back : m but if elliot harmsway be involved with that uranium , I want he prosecute to the end of the earth . bond hopefully , it will not get that far . m look up : malcolm saunder , q 's successor , limp in , look like a mummy - plaster cast on he leave leg , leave arm ; neck -brace , crutch . m come in , saunder . saunder M. 007 . bond okay , saunder . what be it this time ? rocket in the leg ? Machine pistol in the arm ? saunder q 's retirement party . I would just put the knife into the cake , and - bond come on . I know better than that - bond thwacks the crutch against the leg . saunder grimace in pain . bond it must do something . saunder well ... if you insist . saunder flexe he break arm ; armore spike pop out of the it . bond the die be cast . saunder exchange a beleaguere glance with M. he take off the cast and neck -brace , and place a briefcase on m 's desk . saunder now pay attention , 007 . we have not much time to demonstrate you new q toy . bond how be old q? saunder go fishing . bond fishing ? saunder Big game fishing . ( beat ) sonar torpedoe . retirement gift from he friend at the CIA . saunder have open the briefcase . bond try to look inside , but saunder reposition it . saunder continue : saunder in the meantime , perhaps this will spark you interest . ( take out a disposable lighter ) cigarette lighter . thumb here , press here - a small flame appear . bond , unimpress , reach for it - bond saunder , I have light cigarettes - saunder not from forty foot . saunder flip the lighter sideways and - whoosh ! a burst of flame shoot across the room . saunder the disposable lighter also contain a small self - detonation charge ( beat ) depend on who - or what - you wish to dispose of . bond take the lighter , begin to play with it ... saunder stop fidget , 007 . next - he take out a pair of shoelace . bond ... shoelace ? saunder plastique explosive shoelace . ( hold they out at length ) cut they to regulate the size of the blast ; totally harmless until you attach the detonator hide in the heel of you shoe . bond ( examine they curiously ) perfect way to tie up a ... ' knotty ' problem ? saunder ( frown ) move along - ( he produce : ) a typical plastic security card . name here , magnetic information stripe here - ( point to ) and a code break microprocessor here . swipe it through any card reader - anywhere - you be in . bond do it work on cash machine ? saunder be suddenly stricken . fluster . he blurt out : saunder it be a authorize test . I return the money . bond ( amused ) I see ... saunder ( ignore this ) finally , you new watch : Blue laser here for signal or burn through lock ; press this button , the sweep hand become a geiger counter . bond ( needle he ) if you can not do the time , do not do the crime ? saunder ( smirk at bond , pause , then ) oh. I almost forget . there be one last thing : before q retire , he ask that I give you one other protective device . he hand bond a wedding band . bond a wedding band ??? what be I suppose to be able to do with this ? saunder I believe q 's exact word be : ( imitate q , emphatically : ) " hopefully , nothing . " bond turn from saunder 's devious grin to a amused M. smile : bond ... I will give you a ring from Venice . m good luck on you mission , 007 . he snap the ring down on she desk . bond till death do we part . CUT to : ext . venice harbor / grand canal - night a gleaming white yacht - with two on - board helicopter , and a huge tarped hold - dominate the harbor . ( harmsway 's sea dolphin ii . ) tonight , however , we find a gondola , glide through the water ... arrive at a festively - light dock , crowded with gaily costume partygoer and musician in medieval garb . wearing the mask from m 's office , ( and a bright blue cape , ) bond alight the gondola , and plunge into the crowd . ext . piazza san marco - night a swirl of color , noise and music . push he way into the chaotic celebration , bond scan the crowd , look for a face : nothing but a sea of mask . White . yellow . red. Blue . caught up in the tumult , he turn leave , he strain to turn right , anxiously look for the contact . who be it ? three masked women appear in front of bond . they curtsy , and giggle . woman buona sera , signore - he 's spun by a masked man with a bottle . man vino ? bond wave he off - and be jostle in the other direction , by a group of celebrant carry a long banner . suddenly , the crowd surge forward : a procession , carry the effigy of carnival be make its way through the square . lock shoulder to shoulder in the crowd , bond struggle to look forward - leave , right - when he feel a tug at he cape from behind . he can only crane he neck to see / hear - masked woman I may have be follow . meet I at the Church in five minute ! with a effort , bond turn to look at she - but see nothing , save the wisp of a satin costume , disappear as the crowd close rank behind he . san giacomo square - night five minute later . almost desert . a few stray couple . the masked woman appear , walk tentatively between the shadow and the moonlight , look for bond . suddenly - whomp ! - a arm reach out , and yank she into a alcove . bond look for someone ? recovering she breath ( it be a violent yank , ) the woman - paris remove she mask . she shine a sexy , 1000 - watt smile at 007 : paris hello , James . bond react . he be not happy to see she . bond Paris ?!? what be you do here ? paris be that any way to say hello ? bond I think you specialty be good - bye . Paris smile coyly . she lift a hand to tousle he hair - paris oh , James . I have miss you - bond ( grab she by the wrist ) be this another one of you game ? paris stop it ! you be hurt I ! can not you just be nice ? bond I have get half the british government breathe down my neck . I do not have time for you nonsense . she 's surprised - and hurt - by he coldness . paris do not you even miss I ? do not I mean anything to you ? bond nothing . she turn away from he , fight back tear . bond do not care : bond what about elliot harmsway ? or be this just another one of you stunt ? paris ( anguish ) no ! he 's crazy - he 's insane . he hate everybody . he 's get this plan - ( face bond , become hysterical : ) you have get to help I , James . I be sorry . I be sorry for everything . I know I be wrong - but you have get to protect I . I know you still love - bond slap her . she 's stunne . he wait . she 's angere : paris do you feel better now ? bond ( not give a inch ) do you ? she turn away . bond feel remorse for hit she . soften : bond what about the uranium ? paris it 's on the boat . he 's hold a press conference tomorrow . bond reach out to touch she . she fall into he arm , bury she face in he shoulder . paris I be so sorry , James . I promise , I will never leave you again . bond ( patting she head ) shhhhh ... paris just hold I . bond think for a moment , then gently push she away , a foot backwards , to look in she eye : bond how do you know harmsway ? Paris ' eye flicker at something over bond 's shoulder . she swoon : paris kiss I . she pull bond to she , kissing he - then haul off , belting he across the mouth . paris bastard ! leave I alone ! she shove he off , dart away . bond be bleed from he mouth - and not altogether surprised at she behavior . he turn to see - another angle - san giacomo square - ( bond be Pov ) - Paris run to four men dress alike in three - corner hat , envelop from head - to - foot in black cape . they face be completely conceal behind flat , bone - white mask cover all but they chin . they look like messenger of death . closer on paris and the men - the leader be stamper ; the other be local , thug # 1 , # 2 , # 3 . ( thug # 1 be build like a bank vault . ) stamper look steadily at bond stamper who be he ? paris nobody . just some drunk . leave he alone - stamper ( to thug # 3 ) take she to the boat . return on bond - he see stamper and the two henchmen approach . he turn and walk quickly toward - ext . rialto bridge - first ( up ) staircase - night push past carnival - goer , bond rush up the central staircase of the bridge . at the top , look onto the main span , he see - the effigy of carnival procession , approach like a tidal wave . bond throw a look over he shoulder , and sees the three men , rush up the stair , knock people out of the way like bowl pin - completely unaware of the oncoming parade at the top . bond turn to face the man ... and suddenly throws he cape up , dramatically , like batman - block they view of the procession . stamper and the two thug hesitate for a moment - and bond pull the cape to he body , just as the procession surge past he , and spill down the stair , overwhelming stamper &amp ; co . bond ( to himself , flex the cape ) so that 's how he do it . bond disappear into the oncoming crowd . stamper and thug # 2 be push to the bottom of the staircase - but thug # 1 bull he way up , shoulder through the crowd . rialto bridge - second ( down ) staircase - night as bond near the bottom of the staircase , he look back up : thug # 1 be come down the stair like a infernal machine , toss carnival - goer aside like rag-dolls . spot bond , he charge - but get catch between two men carrying a satin banner . he go right through it - rip the material apart with he bare hand , pull the man down , after he . base of the rialto bridge - canal sidestreet - night bond turn past the wall at the bottom of the colonnade . he see : a group of tourist , pose for a photo by the bridge - and just beyond this - a STREET seller hawk souvenir from a push cart . bond approach the tourist with the camera , offer to take the picture for he . bond prego , prego . permissio . tourist grazie . bond take the camera . the tourist pose . and with perfect timing , bond turn , and - pop ! - set off the flashbulb in thug # l 's face just as he come around the corner . bond flip the camera back to the tourist - bond grazie - and head for the pushcart . wheeling it around , he shove it at the thug , who be still stumbling , blind by the flashbulb . the cart slam into the man , knock he on he back . the cart stop on top of he , pin he down . bond take off , thread through the crowd toward a sidestreet . meanwhile , the STREET seller rush to he wreck cart . it erupt in the air as thug # 1 jump to he foot . he 's get really piss off . he look around for bond - just catch a glimpse of he , as - 007 disappear down the sidestreet . thug # 1 make a bee-line for bond - but find he path block by two motorcyclist , chat away . barely stop , thug # 1 lift one of the motorcycle - with the driver still in the seat - and throws it into the canal . return on the base of the bridge - stamper and thug # 2 arrive at the wreck cart - in time to see thug # 1 disappear onto the side Street . stamper motion for thug # 2 to come with he on a parallel course along the canal toward - the plaza san salvatore - night bond enter the desert plaza from the side-street . stick close to the building , he duck into a alleyway . alleyway - off the plaza san salvatore - shrink back into the shadow , bond peer out into the Plaza . bond be Pov - the plaza stamper and thug 2 charge in . bond watch as they split up and start look for he . return on bond - in the shadow - suddenly , a huge hand grab 007 's shoulder , spin he around : thug # 1 have bond in he grasp , with murder he eye . in one fast move , bond side -step , duck , and twist out of the cloak , throw it over the thug 's head . and as the thug struggle to get out from under it , bond slam he head - first into a wall , knock he out . ( he 's leave sit upright , slump against the wall . ) new angle - bond head off down the alleyway , away from the Plaza , toward the courtyard of Il bovolo . return on alleyway entrance - thug # 2 enter , spot the figure in bond 's cloak . very quietly , he pull out he gun , kneel ... and as he bring the gun up to the cloak figure 's head , chamber a round - the cloak erupt , with thug # 1 viciously bite thug # 2's gun -hand , hurl he against the opposite wall . with a frustrated fury , thug # 1 rip off the cloak , and stand . thug # 2 Marco - I do not know - thug # 1 after he ! they charge off . IL bovolo - courtyard - night bond enter from the alley , scan the courtyard : Three wall . no way out ... save for a spiral staircase that lead up to the FOURTH floor interior balcony , overlook the courtyard . the spiral stair - bond take the marble step , two at a time . return on the courtyard - the two thug enter the square . motion for quiet , they hear bond' footfalls on the step , and race up after he . the balcony - come off the staircase , bond try the door to the interior of the building : lock . too heavy to burst in . he glance down at the courtyard , and hear the thug ' footstep run up the stair . bond glance up to the roof , just above he head : the only escape . pockete he mask , bond hop on the banister , reach for the gutter . he pull himself up , throw a leg over - onto the roof , and disappear from sight ... just as the thug enter the balcony from the staircase . first rooftop - bond scurries along the steeply pitch terra-cotta roof . there be sheer drop on three side - but the fourth side be a one -story drop to a adjoin building . bond jump . second ( lower ) rooftop - 007 land on another steeply pitch roof ; unable to get a foothold on the tile , he slide down , roll to the edge . he look down : the adjoin building be one story lower , with a skylight roof . as bond struggle to climb back to the peak of the second roof - return on the balcony - thug # 1 holster he gun , and climb on the banister . he 's too heavy to climb onto the roof by himself - so thug # 2 shove he from below . first rooftop - thug # 1 search for bond . he hear bond move , below he , on the next building . he make a run leap . second ( lower ) rooftop - bond have haul himself up to a crouch as thug # 1 land . they grapple . the thug send bond slide down toward the edge of the roof , then lose he balance , and slide down after bond . at the edge of the roof , bond be about to slide off , onto the skylight below , but grab the copper gutter at the last moment . 007 be now hang , fifteen foot above a glass skylight ... as thug # 1 tumble off the edge of the roof , and save himself by grabbing onto bond' legs . they sway in the air for a second . the gutter bend , break , and the two of they fall - crashing through the glass skylight , into : - venice medieval armor museum - night . they land in a shower of glass on the grand banquet table in the great Hall . bond be wind . thug # 1 , unfaze . he grab bond by the collar , haul he up on he foot . thug # 1 shove the nose of he gun under bond 's chin , force 007 up on he toe . snarl , he thrust he face menacingly close to bond : thug # 1 I owe you some pain . with lightning speed , bond : 1 ) grasp the thug 's elbow and yank he gun arm forward , as , 2 ) bond pitch he head back . bond 's chin just clear the barrel as the gun fire into the ceiling . the flash momentarily blind thug # 1 . bond snatch a candelabra , and smashes it against the thug 's arm , knock the gun away . as bond draw he walther , the thug grab bond 's wrist , and brutally ( yet effortlessly ) squeezy the gun from 007 's hand , onto the floor . with a sick smile , the thug toss bond into a corner of the room . he 's have fun . as bond stagger , picking himself up from the corner - thug # 1 toss aside a massive table and chair to get at bond . bond shove a suit of armor ( on wheel ) at thug # 1 - who bat it out of the way , like a gnat . concerned this might be get serious , bond grab a oak leg from the shattered table . he wield it like a bat , to ward off the thug . unimpress , the thug smashes he fist into a glass display table , and pluck out a claymore - a two -hande " King Arthur " type sword . with one roundhouse blow , thug # 1 slice bond' table leg in two . the thug swing the claymore a second time , force bond back to : a display wall - fill with pole weapon . bond snatch a lethal - look halberd . ( ax , fluke and spike on a staff . ) thug # 1 stop in he track . drop the claymore . grab a pole -ax . the two men face off in a short , furious battle , which end with thug # 1 shatter bond 's halberd with the pole -ax . new angle - gripping the pole - ax horizontally in both hand , thug # 1 force bond backward , to a second display wall that feature a iron maiden . ( something like a hinge sarcophagus , line with spike . ) thug # 1 try to push 007 into the case , but bond side - step at the last minute . thug # 1 lurch forward , and be only stop from kill himself by the pole - ax hit the side of the iron maiden . as thug # 1 step back , bond grab a morning - STAR from the wall . ( a studd iron ball on a chain attach to a club ) bond swing the Morning - Star down , snapping thug # 1's pole - ax in two ... but lose the weapon in the process . now , thug # 1 lunge for bond 's throat . grappling , they slam into the wall next to the iron maiden - which be starting to come loose from the leather strap hold it upright . - in a near death - grip , bond manage to push / kick / smash thug # 1 backwards , down onto the floor . and as bond reach up for another weapon - a hand - ax - thug # 1 lunge for bond be gun on the floor . bond can't get the hand - ax off the wall . he turn to see : thug # 1 about to shoot he . and at the very last second , bond dislodges the hand - ax , slashes the iron maiden' leather retaining strap and - new angle - from inside the iron maiden' Pov - the iron maiden fall forward , impale thug # 1 on the wooden floor . return to scene - the Iron maiden cover all of thug # 1 , except for he arm , still clutching bond 's gun . bond bend down and retrieve it . bond he fight hard ... ( holster the gun ) but the case be terminal . and on this note , we - dissolve to : ext . venice harbor - the next day - under a beautiful blue sky , the gleam white sea dolphin ii sit at dock , festoon with pennant and banner . there 's a crowd onboard . at the same time , however , 500 foot away ... int . dockside cafe - bond meet with signore digiacomo , a middle - age italian Intelligence official in shirtsleeve . two underling hover in the background . bond you have confirm all the legal detail with m? digiacomo si. bueno . she 's very ... ' competent . ' ... for a woman . bond let 's go over this one more time . digiacomo you will investigate the boat . you will signal we if you find the enrich uranium . and then - ( distract ) pardon . he look at a woman who have appear with a baby in she arm . italian woman W / baby Don franco . I just want to say we be voting for you in the election . digiacomo ( teasing , be : the baby ) both of you ? italian woman W / baby ( laugh ) of course . digiacomo grazie , grazie . ciao . she leave . he turn back bond : digiacomo so. you will signal we if you find the uranium - bond and you will wait until after the press conference - and everyone be go - before you board the boat and arrest he . digiacomo perfecto . then we turn he over to you , and the English government put he on a military transport back to London . bond nod , look over at the Sea dolphin ii . digiacomo do not worry , my friend . I only want what be best . for both of we . bond stand to leave . digiacomo smile after 007 - as if he 's savore some private secret . he snap he finger to a underl : digiacomo rocco ! un cappuccino ! the sea dolphin ii - as bond make he way up the gangplank - elliot harmsway be hold a press conference near the bow , surround - ed by dignitary . he be a man with a evil euphoria - show off all the charm and charisma that 's make he one of the world 's most powerful media tycoon . harmsway ... and so , it 's somewhat fitting that we be here today ... to christen this environmental research boat in Venice - - ' venezia ' - the port where Marco polo sail forth to explore the world 's great unchart ocean ... ( beat ) that 2 / 3 of the earth 's surface where the shark be not work member of the press . laughter . bond study the man . harmsway continue , point to a large drill / boring object , the size of a jet engine , attach to a long flexible hose / tube . harmsway with we six custom design sea-b core drill , we will probe the long - term effect of pollution ; we sonar , radar , and research lab will study the wind , the water , and the sea life that so dearly feed we . bond move through the crowd . he spot a bulkhead , with a door . harmsway and so , in the spirit of international cooperation - thanking my good friend , Valentin Zukofsky - the newly elect President of the Ukraine for all he assistance - he motion to Zukofsky , who nod to the audience ... harmsway I give this boat to mankind - selflessly - in pure charity ask nothing for myself ... but the cable tv rights . Big laugh from the assemblage . harmsway turn to a beauty queen : harmsway miss Venice ? if you will do the honors - smash ! she crack a champagne bottle on the tip of the bow . cheer ! harmsway now I will take some question from the press - even the few of you who be not on my payroll . laughter . harmsway point to a reporter : reporter # 1 Mr. harmsway : why do you name this boat the Sea dolphin ii ? harmsway actually , my first choice be ' no comment . ' so if someone ask where I be , I could truthfully respond ' no comment . ' ( laughter ; he point ) over there . reporter # 2 Sir elliot : be it true you be in negotiation to move you office from Hong Kong to kuala lumpur ? harmsway ( impishly ) no comment . amidst more laughter , bond disappear into the bulkhead door . int . sea dolphin ii - below deck - bond move cautiously down a staircase ... and peer along a corridor . he see a guard , check door , make sure they be lock . bond withdraw for a moment , look back : the guard be at the far end of the hall . he lift a walkie - talkie : guard level one , secure . the guard exit , down another staircase . bond move stealthily down the corridor , glance at sign on various door : fish hatchery , weather station , crew's mess , etc ... until he come to : metallurgy lab . there 's a card reader by the door . bond slip out he q-toy , swipe it . click . he go inside . int . metallurgy lab - sea dolphin ii - continuous bond clock the lab : power tool , test bench , a second entry door ... and in the middle of the room - the red BOX . quickly , ( as the echoe of harmsway 's press conference can be hear through the porthole , ) bond examine the edge of the box , look for tamper - proof seal . find none . gingerly , he open it : uranium slug . they look like black tennis ball canister . bond press a button on he watch : the geiger counter click wildly bond pause . want to make sure . he spot another geiger counter on a bench ; he move its probe over the uranium slug : same result . bond close the box . he decide to check out the rest of the room - examine gadget , tool , chemical . he open a shallow drawer - and find a set of black rotary cutting saws , with elongated teeth . ( they look almost like a series of shark ' jaw - one oval set inside another ) bond lift one - surprised at its extreme weight . he wonder what it be use for . just then - there's a click at the second door . bond quickly replace the cut see , move to the first door - and as the second door open , bond slip out the first , into the corridor , down the hall , head for the stair . back in the metallurgy lab - yung enter , he hairless head shine under the light . he look around , sense something be wrong . glance : not the red box . not the geiger counter . but then he notice it : the drawer be stick out , maybe a sixteenth of a inch . Yung pick up a telephone . sea dolphin ii - topside - bond emerge from the bulkhead door . the press conference wrapping up . as bond make he way to the rail , look out on the cafe - harmsway the maiden voyage begin tonight . I have some business in London - but the ship will sail down the Nile , across the South China Sea , stop in Australia , wind up in San Francisco . bond stand at the rail , aim he watch at the cafe - harmsway ( cont would ) but have say that - let 's get to the real business - the only thing that attract newsmen faster than a break story the free food and beverage . int . cafe - digiacomo see the blue laser . motion he man to action . return on the sea dolphin ii - topside - bond have saunter to one of the hospitality bar , try to remain ac inconspicuous as possible . a hand clasp he shoulder : valentin' voice Mr. James bond ! bond spin to see Valentin , surround by the usual assortment of cheaply dress goons . bond Valentin . what a unpleasant surprise . Valentin what be it that bring you to venezia , Mr. bond ? Business - ( sly glance to the thug ) or somebody else 's business ? the goons chortle . bond be not happy with this attention . he clock a video surveillance camera on one of the mast , scan the deck . a woman' shrill whining voice - bring bond back to Valentin . she be very colorfully dress - drip in high - ticket logo . sofia dimitri !!! you promise I could go shopping !! Valentin ( sotto , to bond ) New mistress . ( to she , impatiently ) so? go ! sofia I need money . Valentin give a beleaguere shrug , and pull out a huge wad of cash . Valentin here . take a inch . shake he head , Valentin turn back to bond : Valentin come . let I buy you a drink . it 's free . with bond keep a eye on the surveillance camera , they move several step to the bar . Valentin ( to the bartender ) two vodka martini 's . shaken . not stir . ( to bond ) and you ? bond would rather not drink - but know that any change from he regular behavior might arouse suspicion . bond one . as the bartender pour : bond I must say , Valentin , capitalism seem to be treat you well . Valentin ( belting one back ) I use to sell weapon ; now I buy vote . ( then ) off the record . bond of course . if you can not beat the government , you might as well own it . Valentin spot someone off-camera . Valentin wait - I want you to meet a friend of mine . ( call out ) elliot ! elliot ! come here . harmsway appear . ebullient as ever . Valentin elliot harmsway , I want to introduce you to a old friend - bond ( put out a hand to shake ) the name be bond . James bond . harmsway greet bond with a warm smile . yet he word be ambiguous : harmsway always nice to meet one of she majesty 's fellow subject ... ( a nod to Valentin ) especially one with such distinguished friend . bond you might say I have always be one of Mr. Valentin 's biggest follower . Valentin ( chortling ) ' biggest follower ? ' he 's practically make a career ' of it !! he laugh . bond decide to pull harmsway 's chain . bond it 's a beautiful boat , Sir elliot . practically glow in the dark . harmsway ( smile ) I can tell you be a man with a eye for exquisite possession , Mr. bond. ( signal off camera ) darling ! come here . ( beat ) I want you to meet my wife . a woman appear in frame , she face obscure by a large sun hat . as she reveal she face to the camera - and bond - harmsway Paris harmsway , allow I to introduce you to James bond . there be a terrify look on she face . harmsway continue , beam he most insinuate smile : harmsway but then ... I believe you two have already meet . there be a beat - a uncomfortable moment when nobody speak . then - police whistle blow ! siren ! SOUND of tire screeching to a halt ! the entire party turn to see digiacomo barging he way up the gangplank - wear a ludicrous military uniform , trail by uzi - toting carbinieri , along with he own video and still crews . digiacomo elliot harmsway : under the auspices of the italian government , I , franco digiacomo - ( pause ; smile at a camera ; pop ! a flash go off ) be arrest you for the illegal possession of weapon grade enrich uranium . ( to he underling ) seize the boat ! a set of freeze glance go from bond , to Paris , to harmsway . Valentin I think I suddenly remember a urgent meeting in Moscow . to everyone 's surprise , harmsway guffaw . harmsway my friend , there 's be a terrible mistake . ( put he arm around digiacomo ) come . let I show you . and he lead the procession off , through the bulkhead door . bond be leave with Paris . she be white with fear . bond move to console she : bond Paris - paris leave I alone ! he 's go to kill I !! bond why do not you tell I ? why be not it in we file ? paris ( anguish ) he do not want anyone to know . he keep it out of the papers . he say a third wife be bad for he image . ( beat ) you have get to protect I ! bond want to help she - and follow harmsway . he pull out a key : bond go to my hotel room . I will be there in twenty minute . Paris look up at he like a hurt child . she want some contact ; she want to hear he say ' I love you . ' paris just - say it . say it just once . bond ( pause , discomfite ) one thing at a time . I will see you in twenty minute . go. she exit ; he go to the bulkhead door ... and we pan up to see the surveillance camera , follow he . int . metallurgy lab - sea dolphin ii - harmsway hold court near the red box . bond squeeze in . harmsway I believe this be what you be look for , Colonel . he open the red box . hoist out a canister . harmsway be it uranium ? absolutely . but watch - ( run the geiger counter over it ) it 's deplete uranium ! completely safe ! a child could sleep on it . bond can not believe what he 's see . digiacomo be mortify . harmsway I receive it from the Russian government - a by-product of they nuclear arm program - in the hope that I could create tool for oceanographic research . ( beat ) it 's what I be talk about : ' sword into plowshare ' ! the sprit of International cooperation ! digiacomo signore harmsway . a thousand apology . ( snap he finger to a lackey : ) give he the video tape . harmsway please . no harm do , Don franco . go upstairs , and enjoy the reception . as the room empty , he call - harmsway oh - Mr. bond . one minute . bond approach he . they be the only people in the room . harmsway I hope you have enjoy this little charade . bond which part ? the Colonel 's ? or yours ? harmsway ( icily ) a piece of advice , Mr. bond : do not screw with a man who busy ink by the ton . ( beat ) it 's deadlier than uranium . bond ( stare he down ) we will see about that . harmsway glance at he watch . smile coldly . harmsway be not you late for a meeting ? ext . the sea dolphin ii / harbor - day bond rush down the gangplank , along the dock . jump in a gondola . bond the danielli . Presto ! return on the metallurgy lab - harmsway close the door . Yung be there . yung that be too close . harmsway do not worry . Mr. bond will get the message . so will he boss . harmsway press a button - and suddenly the red box lift , and a second red box appear underneath it , like shuffle a deck of card . harmsway I be go to the plane . tell the captain to set sail at once . ext . the danielli HOTEL - day bond jump out of the gondola , sprint into the lobby . FOURTH floor corridor - bond appear , rush up a staircase . he come to he doorway . it 's close , but unlock . int . bond' HOTEL room - bond enter the room . look around , call out - bond Paris ? Paris ? he see the french door open onto the canal . the curtain billow outward . bond rush to the window and look down : ext . grand canal - bond' Pov Paris harmsway be dead , float in the water . return on bond - crushed . devastate . and to make matter worse : digiacomo's voice signore bond ? bond turn . a flashbulb go off , capture bond and digiacomo . digiacomo you be under arrest . CUT to : the south china sea - dusk the hms indomitable - a 3,300 ton british frigate , surge through the water , head toward the set sun . closer - battle -dress royal marine patrol the deck ; gunnery crews man the weapon . whatever be go on here , it 's not business as usual . ' int . bridge - dusk Close on a vertical glass map . a electronic panel display with a blinking yellow dot indicate - navigator we have clear Hong Kong harbor , sir . the captain nod . turn to the gps officer : captain position ? the gps officer enter keyboard command on console mark " global positioning satellite . " he read out the data : gps officer two-two , zed - three , one - five north ; a hundred fourteen degree , five minute , ten second east . captain Mark . gps officer lock on satellite , sir . captain set course , two - ten degree , south south east . navigator come about , sir . the Captain be all business - clipped , sober terse . turn to he first officer , hand he a slip of paper : captain order from London : for the next ninety - six hour , we be to run on full radio silence . double watch , full alert . ( beat ) we be to send one encrypt positioning burst to London every six hour - otherwise , zero electronic emission . the first officer nod . captain ( cont would ) inform the man , then run a surprise inspection . if someone paint we , I do not want this ship show up on they radar screen like some god - damned harrod 's Christmas tree . first officer yes , sir ! captain I will be in my cabin until oh-six - hundred hour . the Captain head for the door . second officer Captain leave the bridge . the officer salute as he exit . with a shrug , the first officer pick up the intercom microphone : first officer attention all hand . now hear this ... int . crew's mess - crowd with crew member eat , wait on line for food . first officer ( intercom ) we will rig immediately for electronic silence . all electronic gear be to be shut down ... close on cook - kitchen - at microwave . his finger hover over button , then stop . he open the door of the microwave and take out a bowl . dump the content on the stove . int . ship be head - crew member with a electric shaver . first officer ( intercom ) all personal radio , video device and computer will be stow at once . he stop shave . int . engine room - the engineer shout to he crew , over noise of diesel engine : engineer check the engine baffle ; rig the generator for shield operation . return on the bridge - the first Officer stand next to the Communications Officer . communications officer Communications set to receive only , sir . the first Officer look over the shoulder of rating at radar screen . rating radar switch to passive mode ; sonar re-set to low - power operation . ( beat ) you could not find we signature with a magnify glass . first officer let 's hope so . the first Officer join the second Officer at the window , scan the horizon with binocular . second officer look like we be in for a long , uncomfortable trip . first officer we will all breathe a lot easier when we get this cargo back to London . CUT to : ext . manor house - the coast of scotland - day the bagpipe and drum corp of the Royal highland regiment ( aka the " Black watch " ) be play a funeral dirge outside a vast stone house , with a harmsway news helicopter on the lawn , and limousine , a hearse and a flower car in the driveway . six men in formal mourning attire be enter the house . int . grand room - scottish manor house - a single white rose be add to a pile of white rose in paris harmswwy' OPEN casket . reveal : we be in mid-procession : the last two ( of the six man from outside ) place rose in the casket ... then turn , nodd sorrowfully to elliot harmsway ( sit in the front row of a room that 's keen turn into a makeshift chapel ) ... and follow hand signal of stamper , who motion they through a door , to a unseen room . after the last man have pay he respects , harmsway stand , walk to the bier , and - wiping away a tear - place a single red rose in he dead wife 's casket . int . harmswwy' inner sanctum - scottish manor house - day we be in a room that look as if it could only exist in , well , a James bond movie : slick , stark , sterile . steel , glass , chrome . the six man be seat around a giant conference table , look absurdly out of place in they formal mourn attire . elliot harmsway enter , ( pass what appear to be the Liechtenstein that hang in the lobby of caa , ) walk to the head of the table , take off he gray mourn glove , slap they down , and : harmsway good morning , gentlemen . I be sorry to bring you here under this circumstance , but ( beat ) consider we meeting be already schedule , this be a happy coincidence . the man nod . harmsway sit , dim the light from a control panel . harmsway ( cont would ) number one , you report ? a gap -toothed Californian with bland feature stand . number one Sir elliot : the entertainment division be release three new animated child 's movie this year . ( pause ) by the time we be finish promote they on we tv , radio , cable , newspaper , and magazine outlet - ( pause ) there will not be a parent in the universe who will not feel guilty if they do not take they child to we store and theme park to buy the toy , book , video - game and clothing feature we ' lovable little creature . ' ( pause ) we anticipate revenue of 3.1 billion dollar . harmsway excellent , number one . build a better rat-trap , and the world truly will beat a path to you theme park . ( turn to ) number two ? a young guy with glass get up , look remarkably like Bill Gates . number two as you be aware , Sir elliot , we software division have introduce a new computer operate system , Gates ' 99 . ( beat ) it 's deliberately fill with bug - so people will be force to buy we upgrade over the next five year . ( beat ) the window on revenue be 2.8 billion . harmsway outstanding , number two. ( beat , remember : ) by the way - number five - ? ( a man look up ) who 's ahead in the american election ? number five the Democrat , sir . by nine point . harmsway maybe it 's time to publish that story about he sex life . even thing up . a close race be always better for we tv rating . number five consider he slime , sir . harmsway splendid . next ... ( with noticeable reserve ) number Three . you report ? a short middle - eastern man stand . nervous . number three I regret to inform you , sir , that Saddam Hussein be still demand a bonus for he role in the Gulf War . harmsway ... have not we already pay he for he service ? number three yes , sir . but he still feel he people should share in the increase profit of we news division . he have propose a additional 500 million dollar payment . a pause . the other man in the room shift uncomfortably . harmsway ... and there 's no truth that 10 % of that money will go into you swiss bank account ? number three no sir ! I swear ! this be not true !! harmsway you disappoint I , number Three . harmsway press a button . stamper enter . number Three assume this mean death . he begs for he life : number three please sir . please - harmsway ... but because I be a just man , I have decide to give Mr. Hussein what he deserve . number Three be confuse . do this mean he 's go to live ? harmsway Mr. stamper will escort you to the plane . number three ( overwhelm with gratitude ) thank you sir ! thank you ! harmsway nod , watch he leave : harmsway good-bye , Mr. azziz . and the man be go . harmsway turn he attention back to the room : harmsway let 's proceed with new business . harmsway press another button . the room darken . the CENTER of the table open , and a 3-d map of malaysia rise into view . harmsway gentlemen : in exactly 36 hour , we be go to initiate phase one of the word 's most perfect crime : the biggest theft in the history of mankind . ( beat , point with a laser ) right here . in the Strait of Malacca . ext . limousine - manor house - day stamper hold the back door open for number Three . he get in . int . limousine - he seem relieved , until the door lock , ominously . they drive off . ext . scottish highland roadway - ( int . / ext . limousine - moving ) day number Three fidget in the back ... and notice stamper smile at he in the rearview mirror . he see stamper reach into he jacket - and panic ! be he go to get shot ? be it over ? he wince , as - stamper' hand suddenly thrust backward through the partition . stamper gum ? shake he head , he pull out a handkerchief to mop the flop sweat . return on the manor house - favoring the hnn helicopter - amidst ad-libbed ' good - bye 's " from the gang of six ( now five , ) harmsway get in the wait hnn chopper . it power up , take off . ext . SMALL airport - scotland - stamper 's limousine park near a gulfstream jet . he open the back door for number Three . at last , the man believe he be safe . number three thank you ! thank you so much . you must thank Sir elliot for I . stamper ( produce a newspaper ) here . something to read on the plane . stamper tuck the paper firmly under # 3's arm - and give he a friendly pat on the back , send he up the stair . at the doorway , number Three look back . stamper smile , wave : stamper bye-bye . int . gulfstream jet - day number Three settles into he seat . the door close ; the engine wind up for take - off . he sigh : he 's safe . he casually pick up the newspaper , snap open the front page : insert front page of harmswwy' " tomorrow ' newspaper : scream headline : israeli agent revealed . there 's a full color photo of number three underneath . number Three lower the paper , white as a ghost , and - two arabian gentlemen ( in full burnoose ) sit down on either side of he . they smile . and on number three's blood - curdling scream , we CUT to : the h.m.s. indomitable - move through fog in the strait of malacca , night . int . bridge - night the room be bath in blue light as the crew monitor the indomita - ble 's command and control system . at the vertical glass map , the ship 's course have be chart from Hong Kong , south , down around Singapore , then north , where the yellow blinking dot indicate it 's currently in the Strait of Malacca . stand in front of the map , however , the navigation officer seem perplex . he 's compare what 's on the screen to a piece of paper in he hand . something be wrong . navigation officer ... this do not make sense . what 's we head now ? the helmsman look down at he compass / auto-pilot . insert compass / auto - pilot - move from West to North - then hold on a North position . helmsman Zero one three . due north . the two officer share a look . something be odd , but - helmsman we be on course again . just then , the first officer enter from the exterior bridge . first officer can not see a damn thing in this fog . ( call out ) rating : what have we get ? he join the rating and communication's officer at they scope . rating a passenger ferry and two freighter broadcasting on low -band - communications and two small fishing boat about 30 k north . no radar , but we have identify they engine signature . as the first Officer take this in : helmsman ( o.s. ) damn . it 's do it again . first officer ( join he ) what 's wrong ? helmsman about every ninety second , the auto - pilot jog we to the west . he point down to the compass / auto-pilot , swinging west ... helmsman then re-set we to the north . the compass reach dead west - then start to swing back NORTH . helmsman ( cont would ) the Captain want we on the East side of the channel . ... Cross current ? first officer not in the Strait . ( to the Navigator ) how 's we position ? navigating officer accord to the satellite , we be exactly on course . first officer do you check the auto-pilot ? helmsman the back - up do the same thing . first officer check it again . what about the global positioning satellite ? could there be something wrong with the signal ? gps officer two word : Im -possible . ext . space - as the earth turn below , a tiny silver dot appear in the distance : a communications satellite , spin slowly on its axis . it come closer and closer to camera , until it fill the screen , and the logo on its body rotate into view : hnn . the harmsway news network . return on bridge - int . h.m.s. indomitable - night the helmsman finish fiddling with the auto-pilot . first officer how be it now ? helmsman seem to be back to normal , sir . the first Officer nod ... then hear a shrill warning beep . sonar operator I have something off the port bow ! the first Officer rush to join he at the screen . sonar operator ( cont would ) 100 meter out , just below the surface . ( adjust the control ) a meter in diameter ; ten - twelve meter long . ... float vertically ? first officer a dead head . ( off the other ' quizzical look ) Water logge timber . float straight up . you sometimes see they on the east side of the channel - from the log camp on Sumatra - but they do not usually float this far west . ( call out ) muncy ! engine to half ! helmsman aye - aye sir . engine to half . first officer ( explain ) chew up a log like that in the propeller , you end up with enough paperwork to go from here to London . twice . ext . underwater - night the ship be move towards a dark vertical shape - harmsway 's sea - bed core boring drill ( shorthand " the worm ' , ) attach to a long flexible dredge pipe . closer - the head of the worm - motionless , hang in the water . then the monster awake : a metal sphere retract , revealing a wide angle camera lens . int . bridge - night the Communications Officer react to he monitor with alarm : communications officer I be get a electrical emission , sir ! extremely close . bear 240 - the first Officer be surprised . all hell be about to break loose : - first officer punch up the radar - radar operator I have get it , sir . a large craft - xx , ooo ton . Range - ( disbelief ) 200 yard ? it 's anchore in a cove ! first officer that 's impossible ! we be in the middle of the channel ! a junior officer burst in from the exterior bridge : junior officer breaker off the port bow ! we be head for shore ! sonar officer Sir - first officer ( reacting to the Jr. Officer ) full stop !!! call the captain ! sonar officer Sir ! first officer ( annoyed ) what ?!?! sonar operator the log be move ! ext . underwater - night propel by water - jet in its head , the worm streak toward the indomitable , emit a high pitched whine as its drill bit revs up to speed . the drill 's black teeth glisten in the water . the worm Pov - ( underwater , night ) close in on the hull like a torpedo . it get closer , pick up speed , until - on impact - int . engine room - a torrent of water engulf the engineer and crewmen when the Worm burst / drill through the hull . as they scream , drown - a crewman on the gantry scramble up , one step ahead of the water , through a bulkhead , into - generator room - ( continuous ) where the crewman and two operator struggle to close the door against the water . senior operator ( on the intercom ) we have be hit ! we be take water ! the bridge - alarm sound ! Red light flash ! damage control flooding in the engine room ! first officer get I damage report ! start the pump ! second officer ( hold out a ship 's phone ) it 's the Captain - passageway # 1 - on a phone , outside the ship 's gym , deep in the hull : the captain what the hell be go on ?!? first officer ( intercut if necessary ) I think we have be hole , sir ! the captain on my way ! he speed along the passageway , go through a water - tight door , slamm it behind he . meanwhile , on - the bridge - helmsman the engine be go ! damage control flooding on D deck ! first officer sound the general alarm ! seal all compartment ! as the second Officer grab the intercom - second officer ( into intercom ) attention all hand - crew's mess - the crew member look up from they meal - second officer ( continue ) proceed to emergency station - generator room - the man have close the door , but ... hear a high - pitched whining , grinding SOUND from the other side . they exchange a quizzical look ; they do not know what to make of it , when : bang ! the door explode inward - and a high - pressured stream of water blast in , blow they back against the wall . bridge - the light go out ! everyone be scramble : system officer we have lose power ! first officer go to back up generator ! second officer ( into intercom ) repeat : seal all compartment , and - crew's mess - in the dim lighting - second officer ( on intercom ) proceed to emergency station at once ! the man start to move , but halt at a humming SOUND . they look around : where be it come from ? suddenly a three foot section of the deck explode in a fountain of water . the man be sweep off they foot . passageway / gantry # 2 - as the Captain rush up the step , he turn around , reacting to a grinding noise - captain be Pov - the close water -tight door - boom ! Water blast through , like 1000 fire hydrant turn on full . with terror in he eye , the captain sprint up the rest of the stair , through a water - tight door , into : passageway # 3 - where the Captain secure the door behind he , and rush away . the bridge - a desperate battle continue : damage control flooding on C - deck ! first officer where the hell be that generator ? system engineer come up , sir ! first officer get that pump work ! battery room - a crewman hurriedly flip switch . the light flicker ... and just as they some to life , brightly - the door burst OPEN , and a wall of water and debris blow in , destroy everything in its wake . the bridge - light out ! a sense of helplessness be beginning to fill the room : system control the back - up be go ! damage officer flooding up to b- deck ! helmsman we can not hold out much longer , sir ! all eye be on the first Officer . will he save they ? first officer where the hell be the Captain ?!?! the captain ( passageway # 3 ) - running , the Captain be about to reach the exit door . hear the relentless grind behind he , he throw a look over he shoulder : bam ! the entrance door explode in a thunderball of water . the Captain clamber through the exit door to : passageway # 4 - a short hall : he shut the entrance door , run to the exit . he look hack again : bam ! the door blast open - and the torrent of water continue the chase , as if it 's get a personal vendetta against he . he exit to : passageway # 5 - slam the door behind he , the Captain look ahead , and up : stair . a OPEN door at the top . he throw a look back : the entrance door be beginning to hum and vibrate . sprint for he life , the Captain rush up the stair , two at a time . the hum behind he grow louder . he glance back : the door blast OPEN . water shoot in . he rush up the last four step , just as - CA - chunk ! the exit door slam close in front of he ! with panic in he eye , the Captain turn to face the oncoming tsunami ! we cut to : the worm Pov - ( underwater , int . passageway # 5 ) move like a shark ... toward the captain legs , dead ahead in the water . as it close in for the kill - the bridge - shift , suddenly , to the stern . a confusion of anxious voice : helmsman slip to stern ! damage officer all major compartment flood ! with all hand still await order - the room lurch as the bow rise ! paper fly ! Men slide ! the first Officer have no choice : first officer abandon ship ! break radio silence ! send we position ! insert - computer screen - the Communications Officer type : " top secret . indian Ocean Naval Command . h.m.s. indomitable sinking . " communications officer ( call out ) what 's we position ? gps officer ( read off he screen ) one hundred degree , thirty - one minute , and seven second East , by two degree , twenty - nine minute , ten second , North . as he type , the room lurch again , tilting more to the stern . the captain - ( staircase , passageway # 5 ) as the passageway shift , tilting to the stern , the Captain scream and whoosh ! - be suck down into the water - the worm 's vortex - like meat be feed into a cuisinart : a churn , spin death . ext . the h.m.s. indomitable - fog - night bow rise completely out of the water as the stern go under . ext . deck - two crewman manage to get a lifeboat away . two other scramble up from below and leap into the water . wider the bow be at a forty - five degree angle ... and the h.m.s. indomitable pause - for just a moment - before slipping under , stern first , throw up a series of great wave . ext . lifeboat - rocked by wave from the sink ship . the cook , a Marine , and Three crewmen hear a splash along side . two of the Crew pull the sonar officer aboard . he take a minute to catch he breath , then : sonar operator six . that 's it ? only six of we ? cook most of the crew never make it to they life jacket . the Captain ? sonar officer ( shrug , then : ) the first officer stay on the bridge . one of the crewman spot something in the distance : crewman hey - look ! over there ! new angle - ( rock outcropping - strait of malacca - night ) the sea dolphin ii emerge from a cove , look like a ghostly white apparition in the fog . return on the lifeboat - the man yell and wave and whistle , hope to be save . closer on the sea dolphin ii - deck - elliot harmsway remove a pair of binocular from he face . turn to yung , stand next to he at the rail : harmsway Lovely night for a shipwreck , be not it ? Yung look at harmsway like he 's crazy . oblivious , harmsway look at he watch , then look through the binoculars again - and begin to whistle the open note of my Fair Lady 's " wouldn't it be loverly . " ( " all I want be a room somewhere , far away from the cold night air " ) the lifeboat - as the man cry for help , the sonar Operator spot something just below the surface , move toward the lifeboat at great speed . he hear the hum . his eye follow the churn water ... and suddenly - out of nowhere - the Worm hit the lifeboat from below , smash it to bit , hurtle the piece in the air . the sea dolphin ii - harmsway lower the binocular ' smile . stamper appear , hand harmsway a piece of paper . stamper we have decode they last transmission . harmsway study it for a moment - smile . harmsway perfect . they will be search mile from here . ( then ) time for phase two . you can get the man in the water . and with this , harmsway turn , and walk off , jauntily whistling " would not it be loverly . " stamper look at Yung , be : harmsway 's glee . yung you hear he . get the man in the water ! new angle - side of the sea dolphin ii - night - in the water next to the chip , four diver drop the last of they equipment in a dive boat . they cast off , motor into the fog . ext . london - restaurant bibendum - night the classic michelin building on fulham road . int . restaurant bibendum - a young woman be yammer away at bond ; he 's try to put a good face on what be obviously a dreadful fix - up first date . woman I can not believe it take we so long to finally get together ! what exactly do you do for the government ? bond ( after a beat ) you might say ... ' Public relation . ' woman how fascinating ! I bet you meet all the most fabulous people . before bond can answer , the maitre D ' interrupt . maitre d' Excuse I - Mr. bond ? you have a call . bond excuse himself . new angle - bond at phone - 007 pick up the receiver , without say hello : bond moneypenny ! you be early . you be not suppose to call until - ( he stiffen ) yes . I understand . twenty minute . ext . the bank of london - night pass a newspaper delivery truck with a ad for " tomorrow " ( " the Paper that never lies , " ) bond 's DB - 5 roar past the guard . int . conference room - bank of london - night admiral roebuck glare as minister johnstone enter to address m , tanner , a treasury official , and various uniform and suit . minister johnstone good evening . I have just speak with the Prime Minister at the economic summit in Tokyo ; he 's expect a full update within the hour . ( beat ) for that of you still unaware , some forty minute ago - admiral roebuck ( interrupt ) Excuse I , but - ( all turn to he : ) I must formally protest this meeting . give the nature of what 's occur - and the need for secrecy - I see no reason to involve the air force , the army , or MI - 6 . ( beat , as m and tanner exchange a look ) this be a internal affair that should be handle strictly by the officer of she majesty 's Royal navy . minister johnstone ( furious ) Admiral , be you suggest - he 's distract by the click of a door open . all turn to see bond enter , wear a full naval uniform . m stifles a smile . bond sorry I be late - m actually , you be just in time . ( she turn to ) Admiral roebuck : you know Commander bond , do not you ? admiral roebuck ( deflate ) yes . of course . bond I have look forward to meeting you . bond sit . m glance at johnstone as if to say " proceed . " minister johnstone as I be say : approximately forty - five minute ago , we receive a abandon ship signal from the h.m.s. indomitable . ( flick on a map display ) look at this infrared satellite image - provide by Mr. tanner of MI - 6 - the ship be presume lose here , just south of kuala lumpur , where she broadcast she last position . CUT to : ext . strait of malacca - fog - night foreground , empty diving boat . background , Sea dolphin ii , with the " flexible hose " hang over the rail , down into the water . int . bridge - sea dolphin ii - night stamper work " worm " master control with a video joystick . stamper diver approach the hull . harmsway and Yung look over he shoulder at : insert - video screen - through the worm 's underwater camera , four diver with torch and welding tool be about to enter the hole in the indomitable 's hull . ( the video screen also contain lot of digital information about the diver and the worm 's function . ) neutral Pov - underwater - ext . indomitable the worm follow the diver into the hull . worm Pov - int . engine room - it trail the diver past debris and body of crewman . same shot - video screen - worm Pov - harmsway ( o.s. ) ( into microphone ) to the right , towards the stern . the diver react , and the worm follow they into ... passageway - underwater - neutral Pov - int . indomitable - the diver and worm travel to a hatch cover with metal bar . lighting the welding torch , they try to cut through the metal bar ... unsuccessfully . video screen - worm Pov - one of the diver turn to the worm 's camera . he speak into he diving helmet 's microphone : diver ( through speaker ) it 's titanium . we can not cut through . int . sea dolphin bridge - stamper turn to harmsway : stamper I will do it . harmsway ( into microphone ) diver , stand aside . neutral Pov - underwater - passageway - the worm move into position to grind through the hatch . a protective cover slide over the lens , and the grinder whorl into life . closer on the worm - the grinder stall for a instant as it encounter the titanium bar . still closer - one of the uranium grinding teeth snap off as it hit the titanium , and start to grind through . new angle once past the bar , the grinder cut easily through the steel door . trapped air burst out from inside the compartment . the diver push the worm to one side ; two of they enter the hold with light . the worm follow . the two other diver remain behind to feed the worm 's flexible tub through the door . int . bilge hold - underwater - the diver ' light illuminate the hold : stack of gold bar , as far as the eye can see . int . bridge - sea dolphin ii - harmsway look at the video screen . harmsway gentlemen : I do believe we have strike gold ... four minute ahead of schedule . int . bilge hold - underwater - the worm close its " eye " , revs up its grinder , and attack the first pile of gold bar . it run through they like butter . int . conference room - bank of england - night the bloodlett and recrimination have begin . this play fast : minister johnstone ( incredulous ) one-third of the british gold reserve ?!? ( beat ) what kind of idiot lose - ( look to the treasury officer ) what be it ? the equivalent of ten billion US dollar ??? treasury official ( sheepishly ) give or take . depend on today 's currency rate - minister johnstone ( ignore he ) what the hell be the gold do on that boat ? admiral roebuck we be bring it back from Hong Kong . under order from the treasury . treasury official during the cold war , we store a third in America , and another third in Hong Kong - in case of a nuclear attack . and with the turn-over of Hong Kong to the chinese - minister johnstone why be not the ship protect ?!?! why be it sailing without radar ? admiral roebuck I resent you tone , sir . I have man who be miss - minister johnstone and I have the entire british economy to worry about . bond ( break in ) Minister - ( all turn to he ) obviously , MI - 6 be not involved in this operation . but I have to defend the Admiral . roebuck look at bond with great surprise . bond continue : bond ( cont would ) Electronic silence be the safest way to move that gold . otherwise , any country - or individual - with the crudest missile could just lock onto we signal , and take out the boat . ( beat ) that 's what happen to the Sheffield in the falkland . ( beat ) since then , it 's standard operate procedure for any sensitive shipment . minister johnstone ( frown ) at least we know where the gold be . when be the recovery ship due ? admiral roebuck 36 hour . they have already sail from the Persian gulf . minister johnstone I expect to have that gold recover in 36 hour . until then , I be impose my own electronic silence : for the sake of the economy , not a word to NATO , the press , the CIA . ( beat , look at : ) ... and so long as Commander bond here seem to be such a expert on this matter , I want he to go along as a observer . be we agree ? roebuck yes . bond yes . m as you wish . ext . sea dolphin ii - night harmsway walk along the side of the ship , observe the operation : the worm dredging pump suck up the ground - up gold and water slur - ry , ( through the tube hang over the side , ) and dump it into a series of sluice . at each stage the gold nugget fall to the bottom of the sluice , and excess water flow off the side of the ship . at the stern hold - where all the water have be drain off , leave a cascade of gold nugget pour into the ship 's hold - harmsway reach into the shimmer cascade , and take a hand - full of gold . he see stamper approach . harmsway remember the golden rule , Mr. stamper : he who have the gold , rule . he drop the gold back in the hold . harmsway be the helicopter ready ? stamper fuele and wait . harmsway good . we have a appointment in Hong Kong . int . hallway - bank of london - night - m and bond , stride down a hallway to exit the building . m ... you be turn into quite the politician , 007 . bond I have a excellent teacher . ( sideways glance ) ' make sure you wear the uniform ' ? m ( ignore he jibe ) what do you make of all this ? bond it do not quite add up . they have come to a door . pause as he open it . he explain : bond the infrared satellite image . no heat , no flame , no explosion . if that boat go down where they say it do , there should have be some residual heat read on the surface . m sabotage ? bond a three - thousand ton frigate do not just vanish into thin air . she nod and push through the door . he follow . ext . bank of london - night - continuous - m I have already contact we station in kuala lumpur . they be lining up a local contact . ( beat ) I want you to find that gold , and secure it . they have arrive at she car . the door be already open . bond ... do not elliot harmsway just move he headquarters to kuala lumpur ? she turn , freeze bond with a look : m contrary to what you may believe , 007 , the world be not fill with mad-men who can hollow out volcanoe , stock they with big-breasted woman , and threaten the world with nuclear annihilation . bond react to the comeuppance . she continue : m ( cont would ) the case be close . the italian authority rule the girl a suicide . we have enough trouble keep you name out of the media . for everyone 's sake - ( beat ) you job be to find the gold . not settle some personal score with elliot harmsway . ext . ' harmsway build ' ( hong kong and shanghai bank ) - hong kong - dusk Super : hong kong . harmsway 's helicopter be perch atop the famous tinker - toy-style building in the Central district . int . penthouse boardroom - dusk a chinese chop come down firmly on a legal document . general li ( of the people 's Revolutionary Army ) be seat with a squad of lawyer : general li and that be the fifth document . with you counter - signature , the sale will be complete . the document be pass across to harmsway , sit with he own legal counsel . one of the man be whispering to he , intensely : young chinese lawyer be you sure ? if we wait - harmsway wave the lawyer off , silencing he . address the General : harmsway General Li : my young associate here have just inform I that if I wait a year , I could perhaps receive a higher price for this building . ( beat , wryly ) he have great faith in Hong Kong . as do my ancestor . with obvious result . nervous chuckle around the table , but the General be reserve . harmsway ( cont would ) yet to sell this building for more money - to profiteer - would run counter to the chinese sprit of guanchi - mutual trust and obligation ; it would violate the ancient principle of feng shui - ( beat ) - the reason we sign five document instead of a unlucky four , and why this building have a fifth , non-function ventilation shaft on its roof . ( beat ) wind and water , fire and rain , earth and sky - feng shui . all thing - at one , in balance , with nature . general li ... most eloquently put , Sir elliot . harmsway thank you , General li. now I will just sign this last document - he put the pen to the paper , and break the pen . alarm look . harmsway ( cont would ) terribly sorry . Mr. stamper ? from behind , stamper hand he a pen . harmsway innocently start to sign in red ink - general li Sir elliot ! Red ink - harmsway of course ! how foolish . more bad luck . I will just borrow yours - he take General Li 's pen , and sign he name with a flourish . ext . roof of ' harmsway build ' - under the whirring blade of the chopper , harmsway bid farewell to General Li . he and stamper get in helicopter . close on the helicopter - as harmsway wave good - bye from the window , the helicopter rise , revealing a metal cable attach to the landing skid . wider - the cable lead to a spool , which run to the fifth metal ventilation shaft harmsway refer to in the last scene . int . helicopter - airborne - harmsway pop open a bottle of champagne . harmsway a old chinese toast to we friend ... return on rooftop helipad - the General sees the cable grow taut around the ventilation shaft . he react with horror . int . helicopter / harmsway rooftop Pov - harmsway glance down to watch the ventilation shaft topple onto the General and he aide , scatter they like rat . in the chopper , the pilot cut the cable , and harmsway lift a champagne glass : harmsway confusion to the enemy . in 48 hour , that building - and all of Hong Kong around it - will cease to exist . aerial - skie above strait of malacca - day - a british military C - 130 airship be drop sono- buoy into the water from a low altitude . I plane veer off , revealing a british sea king command and control helicopter , hover above . int . sea king helicopter - airborne - day bond hold a map of the channel . he 's stand over several crewman seat at radar , sonar , and navigation console . crewman 1 sound : bottom be thirty fathom . crewman 2 nothing . negative bounce . bond we should be right over it . they hear a sharp dinging SOUND - operator 2 wait - I be get something . bond where ? what be it ? the man point at one of the screen , where bond see a computer generate map of the sea floor , with the faint outline of a warship . operator 2 not sure yet - he type in some command on a keyboard , and a 3 - D rendering of a boat appear on another computer screen . lot of data : operator 2 the shinjuku . japanese troop carrier . World War ii . bond let 's make another pass . CO - pilot ( call out ) we have traffic on the deck - they look down and see a hnn ( harmsway News Network ) boat . bond get rid of they . new angle - ext . sea ring chopper &amp ; hnn boat - the chopper hover above the hnn boat - pilot ( on pa speaker ) please leave the area . please leave the area . ext . hnn world headquarters ( petronas tower ) - kuala lumpur - day we be look up at the world 's tallest building : the 1500 ' twin petronas tower . ( they look like a architectural collaboration between friz lang and h.g. Wells . ) at the 50th floor , there 's a sky bridge connect the building , where - int . sky bridge - ( hnn headquarters ) - day elliot harmsway stride out of a elevator ( in Tower 1 , ) into a group of wait assistant . without break stride - young male assistant 1 good morning Sir elliot ! welcome to kuala lumpur - harmsway Morning , morning all . what have we get ? his executive secretary rush to keep up , read from a pad , as they cross the sky bridge to hnn 's main reception area , in Tower 2 : executive secretary the canadian Prime Minister want to set a lunch - harmsway pencil it in for the next trip - executive secretary the american presidential candidate call to complain about that sex story - harmsway send he a $ 10,000 campaign contribution , and explain I have no control over what my journalist write - executive secretary you banker want a answer about the brazilian tv station harmsway no - executive secretary the Queen invite you to dinner - harmsway yes - executive secretary and the 9:30 news meeting be wait . harmsway excellent . they have pass from the bridge , through reception , into : int . conference room - hnn headquarters - continuous - day a glass conference roam , whose partially close blind obscure the view of the mammoth hnn news CENTER . ( we will see this , in full , later . ) meanwhile , a dozen rambunctious editor react to : harmsway Morning , all my golden retriever . what kind of havoc shall we create in the world today ? news editor 1 - a ferry sink and burn in Pakistan ; 457 dead . harmsway good . news editor 2 american jetliner down in omaha - harmsway better . news editor 3 economic summit end in Tokyo - harmsway bore - news editor 1 riot break out at the World Cup soccer final - harmsway Dog bite man. ( explain ) man bite dog be a news story . riot at the World Cup soccer final be a social announcement . next ? news editor 4 this just come in : there 's something up with the british navy in the Strait . rescue plane , helicopter ; two ship supposedly sailing from the Persian gulf . they just chase away one of we news boat . harmsway ( feign complete innocence ) be that so ? news editor 4 yeah . sound like a plane go down or something ... either way , they be call it - all together now : all at table " a routine training exercise . " harmsway I be shocked !! issue the usual vehement protest : freedom of the press , people 's right to know ... lather it up with a lot of righteous indignation . ( off they laughter ) next ? int . sea king helicopter - airborne - day frown , bond peer at the sonar Operator 's screen . bond still nothing ? the operator shake he head . the pilot call back from the cockpit : CO - pilot Commander bond : they have find one of the crewman 's body ! ext . coastal inlet - marshland - strait of malacca - day the Sea King come in above several police car and boat . bond jump the last ten foot , and the chopper peel off . male voice ( o.s. ) yo! jimbo ! bond turn to look : it 's jack WADE . bond Wade , what the hell be you do here ? WADE I be not here , ol ' buddy . the CIA have absolutely no knowledge of the miss ship , the miss gold , where it be go , or when it leave Hong Kong . bond that 's reassure . WADE hey - the world be my office . bond let 's take a look at the body . as bond move off , WADE sniff the AIR , savore the aroma : WADE smell like ... coffee plant . new angle - a policemen pull a white sheet from the body . ( we do not see it . ) bond and Wade look down at something gruesome : WADE colorful ... shark attack ? bond shake he head grimly . bond I do not think so . the vein be cauterize - as if they be seal by heat ... ( beat , confound ) but there be no burn mark on the flesh . it do not make sense . ( to the policeman ) who find the body ? police officer ( point to ) dato. local fisherman . say it come in with the tide early this morning . bond ask he if it could have wash in from the west side of the Strait . the policeman have a animated conversation with fisherman . then : policeman no . he say it 's not possible . the current could have only bring the body in from the east . bond ( to Wade ) you have a boat ? WADE I do not know if you would call it a boat ... bond something with a engine ? not oar ? WADE step into my office . ext . ' the running dog ' cigarette boat - strait of malacca - day - smash through the water at breakneck speed . Wade and bond yell over the engine . WADE what do you want with the Harbor master ? bond tide and current chart . work backward from the body - find where the ship sink . ( Wade nod appreciatively ) where do you get the boat ? WADE seize it from a guy smuggle computer chip out of bangkok . ( beat ) should have see he rise garden : bloom the size of hand grenade . bond look at Wade : the man remain , forever derange . ext . port klang - establishing - day the Harbor master 's tower overlook a small armada of yacht , fishing boat , etc . a series of long dockway jut out into the harbor . cigarette boat - ( port klang - waterway ) - day Wade 's boat be move slowly along the waterway at the end of the dock . look off , bond spot the Harbor master 's Tower : bond over there . Wade turn the boat down one of the dock channel . new angle - WADE / bond be Pov - dockway channel - a sleek launch be roaring toward they , on a dead collision course . a woman in a baseball cap be at the wheel . WADE pull he boat to the right ; the launch roar around they , rock the cigarette boat with its wake . both bond and WADE clock the woman - who we will later learn be sidney winch . Wade stare after she : WADE I think I have just see my next future ex-wife . bond ( see they be about to crash ) not if you kill we first - unless that 's how you plan to leave muffy . Wade scowl , set the boat back on course . dockside - port klang - day - bond hop off the boat , secure the line . Wade join he . WADE by the way , jimbo - whatever happen to that girl - in Cuba - ? finish tie the boat , they walk toward the Harbor master 's office . bond natalya ? WADE yeah . Russian Minister of transportation . bond she marry a hockey player . WADE I envy you ' undercover ' assignment . bond ( a look , then ) we work in the dark . we do what we can . int . harbor master office - port klang - day the local malay harbor master put a stack of chart on the counter . harbor master wind , tide , current ... you be the second person today ask for a full set of chart . ( hold out a clipboard ) if you would just sign here - bond take the clipboard - insert clipboard - read signature : sidney winch . bond return the clipboard : bond thanks . ( apparent afterthought ) by the way - be there anything strange the night before last ? odd weather , lose boat - ?? harbor master no ... unless you be talk about the bus problem . bond ... Bus problem ? harbor master Captain cheong 's ferry be late . he run the line across the Strait between here and Sumatra . the lumber mill worker come back for the weekend miss the last bus . slept on the dock . hundred of they . bond thanks . ext . harbor master' tower - day bond emerge , carry the chart , along with Wade . bond I have to get this to London . do you know this Captain cheong ? WADE spend he night at the kuala lumpur yacht club . bond can you arrange a meeting ? WADE Hell . the CIA build that club . ext . kuala lumpur yacht club - night Palm tree , torch light , and roll royce . int . kuala lumpur yacht club - night a local band play on the verandah . we find Wade at a poker table with five local malay chinese . he cut the card , exuberantly : WADE okay gentleman . the name of the game be 7 - card cambodian stud . everything be wild ! and then - move through a bead glass curtain - we find bond , in a white dinner jacket , sit with captain cheong . the Captain be elegant , mid - 5o 's , eye patch . ( to be put into local dialect . ) captain cheong in the Strait of Malacca , when a boat be even five minute late , one begin to worry , Mr. bond . bond I know . Pirates from Sumatra want the cargo ; smuggler from Thailand and burma want the ship . captain cheong sometimes kill the crew ; other time - ( point to he eye ) torture they . bond I be sorry . captain cheong the kuala lumpur ferry be 35 mile off - course that night . Captain blame the auto-pilot ; I suspect he be drunk - until the Sumatra ferry captain have same problem . bond do you test the auto-pilot ? the satellite positioning receiver ? captain cheong next morning . both boat . nothing wrong . ( chuckle ) my 90 year old grandfather think ' ghost in the computer - silicon Dragon . ' bond ( smile , stand to leave ) I appreciate you time - captain cheong maybe you should talk to sidney winch . own a marine salvage company . nobody know more about the Strait . bond where can I find he ? captain cheong him ? he , be a she - ( point ) at the bar . new angle - the bar - sidney winch , about 32 , tough , smart , and ( here 's a surprise , ) beautiful , be order a drink when bond appear : sidney bourbon . neat . bond I wonder if you handle you liquor more carefully than you handle you boat . very slowly , sidney turn to bond . she look he up and down - as if decide whether this specimen be worth she time . her conclusion : a definite - though skeptical - maybe . she give he a sultry smile : sidney sometimes , you just have to plunge into thing . be reckless . bond - and I bet you always leave turmoil in you wake . sidney ( think , ' not bad ' ) have we meet ? bond this afternoon . we boat practically kiss in the harbor . ( hold out he hand to shake ) James bond . sidney sidney winch . the bartender appear . bond vodka martini , shake not stir . ( to sidney ) and another for you ? sidney no . but you can buy a drink for my friend , taro . she step back revealing a huge samoan , taro , wear a dark suit and tie , sit on a stool . taro smile menacingly at bond . bond boyfriend ? sidney chaperone . I be wait for my dinner date . bond pity. ( to bartender ) bring he whatever he want . sidney so what bring you to kuala lumpur , Mr. bond ? ( beat ) wait - do not tell I : unhappy marriage ? running from some poor little girl with two kid and a chanel pocketbook in - London ? bond analyze the situation : 1 ) she 's with a thug . 2 ) she 's in marine salvage . 3 ) she go to the Harbor master 's office for the chart . 4 ) she 's a smart -ass . he decide to see if he can rattle she : bond actually , I be here on business . you might say it be a ... Golden opportunity . sidney ( a chill in she voice ) and exactly what business be you in , Mr. bond ? bond insurance . lloyd of London . sidney ( dagger in she voice ) the Strait can be a very dangerous place , Mr. bond . a few word scribble on a piece of paper in London do not carry a lot of value out here . include life insurance . bond I will keep that in mind . sidney ( look off ) I see my date be here . ( to taro ) and I think Mr. bond be ready to leave . bond Nice to run into you again . sidney let 's not make it a habit . she exit . turn he back on taro , bond watch she cross the room . taro place a huge hand on bond 's shoulder - taro I think you should go - bond not quite yet , taro - and from bond be Pov - sidney greet harmsway with a big hug . sidney uncle elliot !! watch this , bond seethes with memory of Paris and he hatred of harmsway . taro tighten he grip - taro I say you should - but before he finish , bond spin , and : 1 ) slam taro 's head on the bar , 2 ) snatch the ice-pick from the bartender , 3 ) yank taro back - ward by he collar , 4 ) slam the ice-pick through taro 's tie into the wooden bar , and 5 ) kick the stool out from under the goon . taro be now hang by he tie , from the bar , choke . bond take a moment to straighten he own bow-tie . Wade appear , jubilant , with a wad of cash : WADE yo! jimbo ! I win five hundred - ( see taro ) what happen ? bond he tie one on . ext . a deserted marina - morning - bond walk down a long dock towards a lone boat , moor at the end . ext . / int . boat at marina - morning - bond look around furtively , before climb aboard the sleek ocean - go craft . on the aft -deck , there 's a large cover object . as bond reach for the cabin door , it open by itself - and a succession of three young english women in string bikinis emerge . girl one good morning ! girl two good morning . girl three ( call back into the cabin ) he 's arrive . bond turn from the door to watch the woman . he hear : q's voice you be late 007 . I have be expect you . q emerge from the cabin in a blazer and a ascot . he 's irritate : bond q! how be you ? q retired . I be not get pay to help you save the world anymore . bond I be sorry . it be a national emergency - q that hardly make up for the imposition . ( beat ) now , for what I hope will be the very last time - pay attention , 007 . ( he unfurl a map : ) first , computer generate retrograde analysis map . body here , meteorolog - ical influence here , likely vector - ing of the ship 's coordinate here . bond do you have any idea of what any of that mean ? in English ? q not a clue . I do not lose the ship . ( reach for a filofax size device ) next , you new personal communicator . ( flip it open ) picture - phone , fax , beeper . bond ( take it ) do I have to dial ' 9 ' to get out ? q I do not care who you dial , so long as it 's not I . next - q walk to the large object on the aft-deck . pull off a tarp : q you new car . ( insert name ) bond ( interrupt ) - four wheel drive ? q yes . and do try to keep all four of they on the road . ( continue ) all the usual refinement : smoke , missile , machine gun - ( show he a key fob ) fully operational remote control . drive forward , reverse - ( bond press a button , open a window ) stop that ! ( grab it away ) plus infrared thermal imaging radar , head up instrumentation , and 17 beverage cup holder . bond ... 17 beverage cup holder ? q Standard equipment . the world 's automobile manufacturer seem to be in some kind of mad war to see who can provide the most beverage cup holder . bond nod , and look at a distraction from the girl in bikinis . bond I must say , q , you seem to be do rather well in you retirement . q do not even think about it . 007 . they be my granddaughter . strait of malacca - day - clear sky and blue water . the only vessel in sight be a thirty - five foot sport fishing boat underway at full throttle . ext . sport fishing boat , flying bridge - day - Wade at the helm ; bond next to he , near sonar , hold q 's map . bond slow down . we be close . Wade pull back on the throttle . aerial - ( sport fishing boat / strait of malacca ) - day - the boat start a wide turn - new angle - ( sport fishing boat / rock outcropping / strait ) - day - and we be back at the outcropping where the indomitable sink . the sport fishing boat be trolling against a background of sandy beach and the lush green hill of Sumatra . flying bridge - Wade scan the shore ; bond study the sonar display . WADE I dunno , jimbo . it can not be out here . how could they get this far off course ? bond ( concentrate on the sonar ) who know ? fog , night ... WADE they would never sail this close to the shore . bond wait a minute - ( beat , point to the screen ) I have get it . there ! off the port bow ! insert sonar screen - the murky electronic outline of a ship . back to scene - bond watch the sonar screen . Wade slow engine , consult chart . bond cut the engine ! it 's about two - hundred fifty foot down . jump CUT to : a anchor be pitched into the water - ( bow of sport fishing boat ) - by Wade . bond be strapping on he scuba tank . WADE two-fifty 's pretty deep for air . you should really be use mix gas . bond glance at the air gauge on he tank . bond I will make a bounce dive . if I can keep my bottom time short , I will be all right . bond gather up flare , and sit on the gunwale . bond ( only half teasing ) keep you eye out for pirate . Wade pull back he shirt to reveal two six - shooter . WADE I get you cover . bond that 's reassure . bond roll backward into the water and disappear . underwater - bond swim to the anchor line , and begin pull himself downward , handover - hand , deeper and deeper into a monochromatic gloom . underwater bottom - bond touch down by the anchor ; he fin kick up the sandy bottom . check he wrist compass , he set off through a rocky channel . ext . indomitable - underwater - ahead , in the dimness , a huge gray shape loom out of the sand . bond light a flare , and the scene be suddenly alive with color . from bond 's position , the hull seem to go on forever before be lose beyond range of he flare . bond check he air gauge . insert gauge - depth : 283 foot - Air capacity : 3 / 4 tank remain . back to scene - bond swim to the hole in the side of the indomitable . he pause to study the damage . then enter . int . engine room - underwater - bond see the damage on the passageway door . swim through it . int . passageway - under water - the flare throw eerie shadow along the corridor ; bond swim to the bust bilge-hold hatch . again , he pause to examine the mark make by the worm . he drop into the hold . int . cargo hold - under water - the gold be go . bond swim a few yard in : nothing . a vast empty space . bond 's flare sputter and die . he drop it , light another . as he turn to exit , something glint on the deck below the hatch . he move toward it . new angle - closer - a half - chew gold bar be wedge between a brace and the bulkhead . bond reach for it , feel the worm 's drill mark on the gold . just as he yank the bar out , a moray eel lash out from behind the brace , bare its tooth . still clutching the gold bar , bond jump back , and shoot up , into : passage way -( int . indomitable ) - under water - where he collide with something float just below the ceiling . drop the flare on the impact , bond twist around to see : the face of a floating dead sailor . back to scene - throw wildly gyrate shadow , the flare drop to the deck , roll - ing under some debris . regain he composure , bond slip the gold bar into a webbed sack on he belt , then move to retrieve the flare . close on hatch / deck - bond reach for the flare , under a section of the tear hatch cover . he notice the broken uranium grinding tooth . he pick it up , stuff it into he sack , and swim off . CUT to : underwater bottom - anchor - bond swim to the anchor line , grab hold , and start up . on the way , he glance at he gauge : insert gauge - depth : 160 foot - Air capacity : below red line - empty . the ambient light level on the gauge suddenly darken . bond look up to the surface - he Pov - a black hull have blott out the light ... and something large and heavy be falling straight at 007 . bond - kick away from the anchor-line just as a 1000 pound anchor streak by . he look up again : three diver be in the water . one carry a strange - look harpoon -type gun ; another trail a cable . the diver have fan out , look for 007 . bond - realize he best chance be to take one of the man hostage . flash he knife , bond cut the cord to he gold / uranium sack , stuff the sack into he baggy swim trunk . bond rocket up , slamming into diver # 1 . a confusion of bubbles . and just as bond overcome the man - spin he around , hold the knife to the diver 's throat - diver # 2 shoot the harpoon - type gun , and a dolphin net explode out , enveloping bond and the diver in a mesh . ( note : this be a real , ' fish friendly ' research tool . ) diver # 3 hook the cable he 's be trail onto the net , and - ext . sea - the net erupt through the surface , be haul up into the air , and deposit on - the deck of a self -propelled salvage barge . ( a old scow , with a large crane , two -story deck -house , and a crew whose idea of ' cruise - wear ' run to tattoo and grotesque scar . bond be Pov - through he diving mask - as the water drain from he mask , bond see the mesh be pull away , and five goons come into focus , training automatic weapon on he . ( bond still have the diver from behind , knife to he throat . ) one of the goons reach forward , rip off bond 's mask . 007 see : taro - ( ext . salvage barge , deck ) - brandish a uzi at bond , with a malevolent smile : taro uzi beat knife . bond ... interesting point . bond stick the knife into the deck , and release the hostage . taro get he up . take he belt . ( motion to Wade ) take the two of they to the Captain . the man grab bond roughly , and shove he next to Wade . taro by the way . I almost forget . ( smash bond ) I owed you one . bond and Wade be frog-marched to the bridge , pass under the gaze of various cutthroat crew member . Wade be completely unfaze . WADE ( sniff the air ) smell that Jimmy ? Sea kelp . bond give Wade a look . WADE hey - it could be worse . at least they speak English . bond glance up at a crew member , sharpening a machete , smile . bond ... somehow , that 's not reassure . int . bridge - salvage barge - day we be back in bond-land : a high - tech control room , with lot of monitor and white - suite technician . bond and Wade be push through the -door , follow by taro and the two goons . taro here they be , Captain . the " Captain " turn from a monitor : it's sidney . sidney just give I one goad reason - mister bond , from lloyd of London - why I should not kill both of you , burn you boat , and use you body for shark bait . WADE ( chirp up ) so you two know each other !?! small world , be not it ? what happen ? commitment problem ? sidney who be he ? bond sidney winch , meet - WADE Jack Wade . citibank . commercial loan division . if you be ever lookin ' for a sweet refinance on the boat - sidney - shut up ! bond ( to Wade ) you have to excuse miss winch : she think she 's on a ' seduce and destroy ' mission through life ... ( pause ) ... but she will not kill we . sidney no ? bond no. first , because I do not think it 's in you nature . and second , because there 's no gold down there . sidney so charming ! so suave ! ( beat ) do not insult I . I be not one of you ' little London girl ' who fall for the lie . WADE so it be commitment ! sidney every wharf - rat from here to Hong Kong know what 's on that boat and I be claim it . one -third of that gold be mine . bond that 's fine , but - even a little London girl know that one third of nothing be still nothing . there 's a flicker of doubt in she eye . she turn to taro : sidney be he carry anything ? taro hold up the bond' diving belt , indicate ' nothing ' . angrily : sidney search he . the man look at bond - wear only swim trunk . nobody move . sidney do I have to do everything around here ? bond I hope so . frown , sidney move to bond . as she reach into he trunk , we cut to there face . there eye be locked on each other : bond I hope you will be gentle . sidney think about mom . bond wince . she 's goose he . bond ... unusual technique . returning to the wide shot , she open the sack . show the gold : sidney and what do you call this ? bond - the family jewel ? she scowl , take out the uranium tooth . look at it , blankly , and hold it out to a technician , who examine it . sidney what be this ? technician ... I do not know . I be not sure - just then , a crewman burst in : crewman boss ! we get company - comin ' up off the starboard bow ! sidney ( exite , to taro ) bring they . taro motion with he uzi for bond and Wade to follow ... but bond hesitates , looking back at the technician with the uranium . 007 want to get it , but taro nudge he out with the gun muzzle . ext . malacca strait - day a british naval cutter be pull alongside the barge - sea siren wailing , crew member in battle gear , forward gatling gun manned . captain morton ( on bullhorn ) attention sea barge : Lay down you weapon , and prepare to be board . on the barge - sidney and Co. stand , weapon ready . captain morton repeat : Lay down you weapon , and prepare to be board . bond turn to sidney , who 's grab a bullhorn of she own . bond if I be you - sidney - you be not . bond ( as she hoist the bullhorn ) just remember : they think there 's ten billion dollar in gold down there . sidney thank you . ( click it on , and : ) " now hear this : Drop dead . " bond and Wade exchange a amused / helpless glance - as if they both know what 's come next . there 's a pause , then - the cruiser' gatling gun erupt with a eardrum -shatter salvo . it 's only a warning shot , but - everyone on the barge dive for the deck ... except for bond and Wade , who might as well be have tea . bond look down at taro , cower on the board . bond gatling gun beat uzi. new angle - ( cutter / barge ) - day a armed boarding party be come across a aluminum bridge that have extend from the cutter onto the barge . captain morton ( a tiny popinjay ) who 's in charge here ? sidney I be . what do you want ? captain morton you have precisely one minute to pull up you anchor and be under way . sidney forget it . no way . I get here first . captain morton ( ignore she ) who 's Wade ? WADE that would be I - captain morton ( snidely ) thanks for you message . ( turn to ) and you be bond ? bond yes - captain morton Guard ! arrest this man ! escort they to the cutter ! bond and Wade be stunne . the Marines move in . bond struggle - bond wait a minute - captain morton get they out of here . if he say one word , shoot he . as two marine with automatic rifle take bond and Wade across the fold bridge - sidney ( demand ) what 's you name ? captain morton Captain Morton . pause . she expect he to ask " and yours ? " but he do not . sidney my name be sidney winch , and - captain morton good for you , miss winch . you now have exactly 30 second to get this rust bucket out of here . sidney ( furiously ) I know my rights . this be international water . the british navy abandon that boat , and I be claim it . under international law , I have the right to salvage what 's on that wreck . captain morton Fifteen second . perhaps you should consider hire a attorney . sidney I be a attorney ! captain morton hmmm . I suppose this be a step above that profession . ( beat ) ten second . be you leave ? sidney no . captain morton you leave I no alternative . captain morton ( upholster a walkie- talkie ) cut she anchor . as sidney yell " no ! " - the forward gatling gun erupt to life . one short , bone rattling burst cut the chain . sidney you will not get away with this ! captain morton ( step onto the bridge ) good-day , miss winch . I advise you to get some steam up - before you run aground . as she float away , sidney call out to the Captain , bond and Wade : sidney you bastard ! believe I - you have not hear the last of I ! ext . deck - the cutter - day - bond , Wade and the Captain . WADE - Nice trick with the arrest . very convincing . captain morton it 's no trick , Mr. Wade . I have get half a mind to throw both of you in the brig . bond do not you think you be overreact ? captain morton ( with great sarcasm ) yes . the famous James bond . I have hear all about you , sir . you be under direct order to act as a observer - and yet you have to go off , on you own , like some half - ass CIA cowboy - ( Wade react ) endangering the gold , attract that lunatic woman , and then put in a distress call for we to save you bloody hide . bond ( calmly ) ... that 's all well and good , Captain , save for one thing : ( beat ) there 's no gold down there . captain morton what be you talk about ? we go through all this and the ship be not even down there ? bond yes , the ship be down there . but the gold be go . captain morton that 's absurd ! it take two squad of forty man fifteen day to load that gold . bond I know what I see - captain I do not care what you think you see . you be a damned amateur . ( beat ) just get off my ship . go back to you trench - coat and you code name - and leave the job to professional . bond ( exchange a glance with Wade , then ) aye-aye , Captain . ext . sport fishing boat - strait of malacca - day - as bond and Wade push away from the Naval cutter : WADE where to now , jimbo ? bond ( think ) I be not certain ... but I think there 's someone I want to press for some answer in kuala lumpur . ext . coastal roadway - malaysia - ( bond car ) - day - bond ' - car travel through the tropical landscape , turn at a sign for kuala lumpur . int . bond be car - moving - coastal roadway - day - as bond downshift in anticipation of a upcoming hill , he car phone ring . before answer it , he look down at : insert - dashboard - digital display panel - display on separate line : , " incoming call . " " origin : ( the display run through number until it hit on ) 763-4733 . " " name : ( blink ) unknown . " status : ( blink ) secure . " return on bond - reacting - the information be curious . bond pick up the phone . bond bond . harmswwy' voice hello , mister bond . bond ( with a edge ) who be this ? int . harmswwy' outer office - harmsway be perch on a desk . in the background , through he OPEN office door , we can see harmsway 's executive secretary serve someone coffee from a silver tray - but we can not see who it be . harmsway elliot harmsway ! I hear you be in k.l. and think we might get together for a chat ... return on bond - ( int . bond be car - moving ) - harmsway ( cont would , o.s. ) we seem to get off on the wrong foot back there in Venice . bond how do you get this number ? intercut as necessary : harmsway oh , please , Mr. bond . we live in the information age ! information be currency - and with the right currency , you can have any piece of information . ( bond react , sourly ) besides I own the phone company . what do you say ? twenty minute ? bond I be on my way . bond hang up , and drive with renew determination . int . harmswwy' outer office - harmsway hang up ; stamper be stand nearby . harmsway throw a concerned glance at he office , then turn to stamper : harmsway let 's find out exactly what he know . ext . kuala lumpur - roadway -( bond car ) - late afternoon - bond 's car approach the camera , pass it , and head for harmsway tower , loom over kuala lumpur in the distance . ext . harmsway tower - STREET level - late afternoon - bond 's car pass the front of the building , and drive down a ramp into a underground car park . int . underground car park - ( harmsway tower ) - pass newspaper loading dock ( with truck display both the " tomorrow " and " hnn " logo , and hum - vees use by building security , ) bond pull into the valet area - where a cheerful young pr woman and valet wait . both wear the colorful blazer use by all harmsway Building service personnel . bond ( from inside the car ) James bond to see elliot harmsway . pr woman yes . I be to bring you right up . the valet will take you car - bond I would prefer to park it myself . ( off she question look ) temperamental . practically have a mind of its own . pr woman do not they all ? she point to a spot near the load dock . bond drive off . int . bond be car - bond back into the space , think about the ( inevitable ) quick get - away . he look through the windshield , surveying the area . bond be Pov - underground car park - two burly security guard ( in harmsway blazer , ) stand behind a bulletproof security desk . there 's a metal detector by the door . back to scene ( int . bond be car ) - reaching inside he jacket , bond remove he gun , and hide it in a compartment under the dashboard . int . underground car park - the pr woman join bond as he lock the car with the remote control . pr woman right this way . follow she through the metal detector , bond scan the security device at the guard 's desk : lot of camera , sensor , and alarm . ext . pressroom observation arcade - bond and the pr woman step off a escalator onto a open arcade with glass window look down into a mammoth newspaper printing plant . pr woman ( move to a door ) Mr. harmsway be check the afternoon edition . if you will just follow I - int . pressroom balcony - the noise from the printing presses be deafen . bond and the pr woman walk down a metal staircase to the pressroom floor , where - harmsway ( wear a printer 's smock and newsprint cap , ) be joke with several pressmen - a fresh issue of " tomorrow " outstretch in he hand . harmsway ( spot bond , yell : ) Mr. bond ! Nice to see you . bond Sir elliot . harmsway come . let 's get out of the noise . ( escort bond off ) - I will give you a tour of the building , then we will talk . int . dressing alcove - off the pressroom - harmsway be hang up he smock in the short hallway that lead from the press room to a elevator . there 's a sink in the room . harmsway it 's funny , Mr. bond . of all the thing I own , nothing give I as much enjoyment as my newspaper . he move to the sink to wash he hand . turn on the faucet : harmsway ( cont would ) ironic , be not it ? in the age of tv , I still can not get the ink out of my vein . bond smile wryly , look at harmsway hunch over the sink : bond yes ... a man with ink in he vein , and blood on he hand . harmsway smile to himself , acknowledge the jibe ... but decide to ignore it . he turn off the faucet , dry he hand - harmsway we print 31 newspaper here ; another two-hundred - and -seventy at satellite plant around the world . he pull on he  2000 saville row suit-jacket . bond ... and how many of that newspaper carry Paris harmsway 's obituary ? harmsway turn , and press the elevator button . the door open , instantly . he smile : harmsway all of they , mister bond ... ( motion inside ) after you ? int . elevator - the door close . bond clock the security camera in the ceiling . harmsway be about to take great delight in make bond squirm : harmsway before I become involved with Paris , she be always involved with the most inappropriate ' man ... ( beat ) playboys . thrill seeker . Middle age Peter pan who only bring out the worst in she . bond I see . harmsway I try to save she . but she remain a manic depressive : fit , inappropriate behavior ... delusion of grandeur . bond I wonder if it run in the family . harmsway ( burst out in a laugh ) the only difference between a psychopath and a genius , Mr. bond , be the degree of success . he look up at the digital readout , go from 40 to 50 . harmsway still , I do miss she . I only wish she could have live to see all this . bond I can feel you pain . the door open : harmsway by the way - what be it that bring you to kuala lumpur , mister bond ? bond sightsee . harmsway motion for bond to exit . they step out into : int . elegant hallway ( " rogue gallery " ) - late afternoon a short hallway line with oil portrait of harmsway 's ancestor . double door at both end . ( people pass through . ) as they walk - harmsway I call this the rogue 's gallery . bond yes . I can see : you have hang the rest of you relative . harmsway ( point to the first portrait ) my third great uncle - the Earl of Aberdeen - negotiate the purchase of Hong Kong from the chinese . ( move to ) his son - in - law - George harmsway - make the first family fortune , run opium into shanghai ... ( move to ) his son , Thomas , who lose it , smoking the opium ... and my grandfather Henry , who open the first telegraph station , and publish the colony 's first English newspaper . ( pause , wistfully ) it be a city of unlimited possibility . bond so why do you leave ? harmsway because it 's a die city . since the chinese take - over , who know what can happen tomorrow ? ( move to the last two portrait ) in any case , this be my father , Charles : a royal bastard who start the first radio and television station . Said I would never amount to anything , but ... ( pass he own portrait ) I turn it into this he push through a door , into : int . hnn news CENTER - late afternoon - a cavernous three story room bristle with activity . at the center be the main hnn anchor desk , ( where a news broadcast be in progress , ) surround by score of reporter 's desk a la CNN . around the perimeter of the room be various tv studio look out on kuala lumpur . all be broadcasting : a Larry King - type chat show ; MTV ; sport ; a kitchen where a chef be prepare something flambeed . with its wall of monitor , equipment , and control room , the effect be overwhelming . harmsway will walk bond around the perimeter : harmsway welcome to the new world order , Mr. bond. ( start to walk ) churchill have he army ; caesar have he legion ; I have my division : ( point ) News , sport , business , entertainment . and this be my foot soldier : ( a wave of he hand ) 2000 people work on 14 floor to feed 300 newspaper , 4 cable news network , 87 magazine , and 29 different cable tv channel - in 35 language . bond and still not a thing to watch . he glance at the satellite control room , with a NASA - type world map . bond ... although it must be fun to have all that satellite . harmsway they be merely tool to disseminate information . bond ( wryly ) or disinformation ... if you want to , say , beam down a signal to send a ship off course ? maybe one degree a minute ? harmsway ( guffaw ) fantastic idea Mr. bond ! perhaps I should buy it for a book ! it 's totally preposterous , but - ( off bond 's reaction ) you amuse I . ... and now perhaps I can amuse you . he stop at a video terminal . begins to type . harmsway let 's see ... first we have this James bond ... I believe he 's a field adjuster for Lloyd 's of London ... insert video screen - bond be mi-6 cover - harmsway then we have this James bond . insert video screen - bond' kgb file - harmsway ( read from the screen ) ... license to kill ... ( aside ) not a bad title for that book ... ( then ) or perhaps you would prefer this James bond - insert video screen - bond' chinese file - harmsway who I believe they call " 007 . " bond be not amused . harmsway be enjoy himself : harmsway you see , Mr. bond , you and I be both man of action . but you era be pass . word be the new weapon ; satellite the new artillery . and make no mistake about it : in the right hand , they can be as deadly as you walther ppk . bond ... word to live by ? harmsway you choice . ( glance at he watch ) look at the time ! come . there 's someone I want you meet - about a story I be think of publishing . as they leave , bond be frustrated by harmsway 's " I do not care what you think you know - I can crush you " attitude ... and now , harmsway plan ( and the operative word here be plan , ) to use bond , to tie off the one other loose thread in he perfect crime : int . harmswwy' office - the door open and harmsway enter , follow by bond . he call to someone we do not see : harmsway hello , dear . I be sorry I take so long - reveal : sidney be sit across from he desk . sidney that 's okay , uncle ell - she freeze in mid-sentence , see bond . bond be equally surprised . sidney what be he do here ? harmsway I see you two have meet . bond briefly . harmsway ( crossing to he desk ) do not pout , sidney . I invite he here hope he might shed some light on you story . he 's from ' Lloyd 's of London . ' ( sly glance to bond ) ... be not you , Mr. bond ? sidney he 's not go to tell the truth ! he be diving for the gold ! harmsway sit , and address bond , matter - of - factly : harmsway it seem - Mr. bond - that miss winch have tell I the most incredible story : a sink british warship fill with gold ; a british cutter fire on she ; billion of dollar in bullion lie on the bottom of the Strait . bond be not enjoy this charade . harmsway obviously , the british government deny all of this - sidney - I tell you ! he be there ! - harmsway - but as I have explain to sidney , without proof , there 's just no story . do not you agree Mr. bond ? before bond can answer - sidney but I have proof ! you run out of here so fast , I do not get to show you . bond and harmsway react - with entirely different concern : harmsway be not expect she to have proof ; bond know that if she show he the gold , ( or worse , the uranium tooth , ) harmsway will probably kill both of they to destroy the evidence , and witness . harmsway ( force a smile ) ... and what 's that , my dear ? bond sidney , perhaps we should leave this to - sidney cut bond off , dropping the gold bar on harmsway 's desk . sidney he bring that up from the wreck . harmsway ... I see . alarm , bond want to stop sidney from reach into she bag again - bond sidney , I would not - too late . she drop the uranium tooth on he desk . sidney and what about this ? any idea what this be ? silence . harmsway and bond exchange a sober look . then : harmsway ... I believe it 's a deplete uranium drill bit , my dear . he presses a alarm under he desk . bond reach for the drill tooth . bond why do not we just take this - sidney ( block he ) no. I want Sir elliot to keep they . harmsway stand , come around the desk : harmsway ... well ! I do believe this require further investigation ! sidney thank you , uncle elliot . harmsway no matter what the british government say , I will not kill this story . ( he secretary appear in the doorway ) miss Oxford will show both of you to the elevator ... and one of my people will definitely be in touch sooner than later . bond I be sure they will . harmsway good-bye , mister bond . he reach to kiss sidney - and look in she eye a second too long . harmsway good-bye , darling . watch they exit , he smile turn hard and bitter . int . elevator hallway - day - as the executive Secretary escort they to the elevator , bond glance out the picture window , with its view of the other tower . executive secretary thank you both for come in ... bond be Pov - ext . harmsway tower - five floor directly down be the glass - enclosed sky bridge ; just above he , he see two window washer be pull up on a two man scaffold . back to scene - a chime sound ; the elevator door open . bond and sidney ad-lib good - by to the secretary and get in . int . elevator - day sidney press the button for " 1 " . bond glance at the floor indi - cator with read " 55 " - clock the security camera - and start look for a escape panel . sidney watch out of the corner of she eye , think he 's nut . bond ( glance at the security camera ) ... do you have a gun ? sidney what ? bond ( yanking it down ) you hear I . a gun ? ( disable it ) I leave mine in the car . sidney that 's funny : you strike I as the kind of man who always carry protection . bond listen to I ! I be a british secret service agent . and we have about two minute before harmsway kill both of we . he glance up at the escape panel at the rear of the car . sidney have anyone ever suggest that you be a paranoid psychotic ? bond ignore the insult , explain as he move under the panel : bond harmsway sink that ship and steal the gold . it 's on the Sea dolphin ii . ( boost himself up ) and thanks to you little show and tell - ( strain to open the panel ) - give he the evidence - ( pop it open ) we be the only one who can tie he to the crime . sidney elliot harmsway be my uncle ! bond blood or dutch ? sidney he be my father 's best friend ! bond he 's kill closer . sidney you be seriously derange . bond maybe . but why be we go up instead of down ? he nod to the floor indicator . she look : 60 , 65 , 70 . it stop . bond reach down to she - bond sidney , come with I - the door OPEN . she look at he outstretch hand with disdain : sidney not if my life depend on it . int . 70 th floor -- day sidney come out onto a floor still under construction . the elevator door close behind she . to the right , she see stamper and a harmsway - blazer guard , with machine pistol . sidney thank God ! he 's crazy ! stamper do he have a gun ? sidney no . on stamper 's reply - stamper good - he lunge for she , grab she , spin she around , overwhelming she . she struggle , yell : sidney this be a mistake ! stamper ( gun against she skull ) shut up ! use sidney as a human shield , stamper march she in front of the close elevator door . the guard follow . they position themselves for a massacre . reaching around sidney , stamper pull out he radio : stamper ( into radio ) open 14 . a beat . it open . the man unleash a hail of bullet , then realize - new angle - ( int . elevator ) - the car be empty . stamper perplex . push sidney in front of he , he enter the elevator , cautiously ... when , suddenly : bond swing down out of the escape panel ( like a athlete on a high - bar ) feet first - barely clear sidney 's head as he kick stamper and the Guard in they face . they go fly backwards . bond jump down , grab sidney - bond need a lift ? and boost she into the escape panel , follow she up . int . elevator shaft - above the elevator - ( continuous ) - bond and sidney rush forward to the front wall as - stamper and the guard - recover , grab they gun , move to the threshold , and start raking the ceiling with gunfire . elevator shaft - bond press he body against sidney , on the front wall , try to shield her as bullet rip up the floor behind they . with he free hand , bond reach up for the latch to open the door above they . int . elevator - stamper stop shoot . move to the rear of the cab , under the escape panel . peer up . see nothing . turn to the Guard : stamper help I up . elevator shaft - stamper 's head poke up through the hole just as bond and sidney have disappear into - int . hallway - ( elevator bank ) - 71st floor . squeeze out from between the elevator door , ( which immediately close behind they , ) bond and sidney encounter a group of stunned office worker , wait for the elevator . bond ( to the office worker ) ... I would try the stair . as bond and sidney scamper off - return on stamper - in the elevator - stamper ( rush out ) the stair ! ( bark into he radio ) attention all unit ! they be on the 71st floor ! int . elegant hallway - another part of the build - harmsway be stride towards the security CENTER , radio in hand : harmsway stamper ! they be not to leave this building alive ! bond and sidney - ( int . hallway ) - move cautiously toward a corner of another hallway . sidney this have get to be a mistake . bond the only mistake be that they do not kill we in the elevator . at the corner , bond stop , seeing a guard , farther down the hall ( he back to they ) checking door . bond wait here . sidney no. I be go with you . bond frown , but do not have the time to argue . they start do a " duck and cover " in and out of doorway to sneak up on he . int . security CENTER - harmsway burst in on guard watch a wall of security monitor . harmsway where be they ? guard # 1 I do not see they - ( scan the monitor ) there ! insert video monitor - ( surveillance shot of hallway ) - bond and sidney have just come into frame , sneaking up on the guard . harmsway ( over ) warn he ! close on the guard - ( int . hallway ) - voice on radio porter ! they be behind you - guard ( lift the radio to reply ) Roger ! over and - bam . bond deck he . bond out . bond kneel , grab the guard machine pistol , and clip , just as - sidney jame ! two guard have enter from a staircase door , hoist mac - 10' . in a instant : ( 1 ) bond let go a burst . ( 2 ) the Guards shoot back , diving for cover in the staircase door . ( 3 ) bond roll , ( 4 ) pushes sidney into a open doorway , and ( 5 ) return a burst , from - int . SMALL kitchen / copier room - sidney be shake . as bond stand in the doorway , guard they - sidney okay . so it be not a mistake . ( bond let go a blast ) what do we do now ? offer they dinner ?!?! bond glance back at the kitchen supplies . get a idea . he sud - denly twist , smashing the butt of he gun down on some glassware on the counter , then twist back , return a burst of gunfire . bond come here . you shoot . I will cook . she think he 's nut , but squeeze next to he . handing she the gun : bond aim that way . sidney scowl - as bond move off - camera - when suddenly , bullet hit rip up the door frame . she jump , terrified . bond look at she from the photo - copying machine , where he be yanking out the toner cartridge . he offer a simple piece of advice : bond shoot back ! sidney frown ... turn ... and as she lets the gun rip , we cut to : int . stairwell - ( on the other side of the build ) - stamper , run up step with the guard . they exit into : a short service hallway - 71st . floor - they rush though it , burst through a door into : the elevator bank hallway - stamper and the Guard start hunt bond . return on sidney ( hallway / kitchen ) - as she continue to exchange fire with the guard ... bond , ( have break the toner cartridge open , ) be dumping the toner in a coffee can . he reach for a BOX of sugar bond one second - and ( with gunfire sfx over , ) bond sweep the broken dish into the can , and drop he q lighter in the mix . he move to sidney , in the doorway . kneel . in - between shot : bond ... how do you get into marine salvage ? sidney ( gun burst , then ) my father leave I the business . bond glance at he watch , timing the bomb . the guard shoot ; she shoot back , then explain : sidney I use to be a divorce lawyer in New York City . bond nod , continue to look at he watch . glance at she : bond not a lot of difference . sidney what do you mean ? bond reach forward to toss the coffee can - bond either way , you be take the goods from dead hulk . he toss the can , and pull her backward , cover she . new angle - the hallway - the guard spring from the door , rush forward to storm bond 's position - just as the coffee can roll towards they , and explode . return on bond and sidney in the kitchen - bond let 's go - take the gun , the two of they start for the door when - new angle - opposite end of the hallway - corner - stamper and the guard have arrive at the corner , blasting . return on bond and sidney in the kitchen - bond damn ! swiftly , bond grab a jug of cleaner from under the sink , move to the door , and roll it down the hall in stamper 's direction . stamper and the guard - ( hallway corner ) - anticipate a bomb . they move back . bond and sidney ( int . kitchen ) - sidney what the hell do that do ? bond clean dirt . let 's go . int . hallway - bond and sidney break for the staircase door . ( where the first Guards be shoot at they from . ) twisting around , bond let a burst go in stamper 's direction , as he stoops to scoop up one of the dead guard ' mac - l0' . insert - bond' bullet rip up the jug of cleaner . bond and sidney escape from the hallway - stamper - cower , wait for the jug to blow up ... then realize : stamper it 's a trick ! after he . ( into he radio , on the run ) they be in the south stairwell ! harmsway , in the security CENTER - harmsway get more man up there ! int . stairwell - landing - sidney down ? bond lean over the railing . see guard come up . shoot . bond up. they go up about three stair , and sidney see guard descend . sidney down ? bond ( shoot , then ) up. bond and sidney bound up the stair through a metal door , just as - int . hallway - stamper and the Guard bound down the hallway , head for the door . int . security CENTER - harmsway smile , watch bond on a monitor : harmsway ... and so much for that . ( into radio ) they be on the 72nd floor set-back . ( explain to the guard ) nowhere to go . ext . 72nd floor - terrace setback - twilight - it 's magic hour as bond and sidney rush out onto the setback . bond see a window washer' rig . and although sidney ask - sidney now what ? bond 's first concern be to make sure stamper can not get they . amidst a pile of construction equipment , he spot a pneumatic nail gun . he grab it , and - bang . bang . bang . he fire 3 nail through the door into the frame . bond that should buy we some time . now , bond move to the window washer be rig - a two - man bucket - like scaffold on track , with two leather safety harness inside , and a large cable spool / motor that stay on the roof . approach it , bond look over the side : bond be Pov - looking down from 72nd floor - twenty storey below be the sky bridge . 50 storey below that , the ground . it 's a long , long , way down . return on bond - at the window washer be rig - terrace set - back - bond help I move this . int . stairwell - darting up the few step , stamper and Guards arrive at the door . he try to open it . wo not budge . guard I will call for a batter ram - stamper no . get the fire ax . one of the guard grab it from inside a FIRE cabinet . he hand the ax to stamper , who take the first swing at the door . return on bond - terrace set - back - ext . 72nd floor - twilight - bond be positioning the window washer rig . he explain : bond we will go down close to the sky bridge . we may be able to swing over and use it for cover . as bond climb into the bucket , sidney peer over the side . sidney no way . I sail . I do not fly . bang ! behind they , stamper 's ax have just penetrated the door . bond ... sometimes , you just have to take the plunge . bond yank she in , flip switch on the control pod , and start down , as fast as they can go . ext . harmsway tower - aerial - bond and sidney descend . tiny specs against the sunset . int . staircase - stamper give the last few chop to the door . he kick it open . ext . terrace set - back - 72nd floor - stamper and the guard rush to the ledge . bond and sidney - descending on the rig - 60 th floor - bond , look up - for stamper - and down - to check they progress . sidney all I know be one thing : if we get out of here alive , that gold be mine . ( beat ) I have earn it . look upward , bond sees stamper peer over the rail . bond fire . bond one thing at a time . ext . terrace set - back - twilight - stamper jump back from the ledge , enraged . ax in hand , he move to the window washing rig's machinery - and take a roundhouse swing at the unspooling cable - but instead of cut it , the ax bounce off , and the rig slide on its track . the rig - ( still descending ) - swing ! sidney scream - almost fall out . bond grab she . they be now 5 stories directly above the sky bridge , sway like a giant pendulum - although still descend . return on stamper - terrace set - back - 72nd floor - twilight - have fail at the cable , stamper go at the pulley feed it . he swing . swing again . with each blow , the pulley shaft weaken . bond and sidney - ( window washer be rig ) - drop in violent spurt - just try to stay in the damn bucket . stamper - wielding the ax - finally , the pulley shaft shatter . the cable grind to a halt . bond and sidney - be stop about 20 foot above the sky bridge . sidney ( panicked , anxious , fast ) what now ? and do not give I some movie clich like ' trust I . ' bond ( what the hell ) trust I . and with this , he turn , and shoot out the adjacent window . bond let 's go - but as he start to climb out - sidney scream ! the cable suddenly drop they 10 feet lower , below the window . the terrace set - back - stamper whacks away at the side of the cable drum . it 's come loose from its mooring . bond and sidney - look down at the curve glass top of the sky bridge - face what ( she think ) be certain death : sidney we be go to bounce off that thing ! bond look up - assume they have only second leave before stamper cut the cable . he grab her : bond hold on ! terrace set - back - 72nd floor - twilight - stamper take a final swing at the cable drum . with a great clat - tering SOUND it snap free of the mooring , smashes into the wall , and the whole mechanism careen over the side of the build . the window washer be rig - bond and sidney feel the cable give way . they start to free-fall . bond - fire he machine pistol at the glass top of the sky bridge . the bullet shatter the glass - bond and sidney crash through , into - int . 50 th floor sky bridge - landing on the deck of the bridge . bond roll to he foot as - fifty storey of cable from above be fall onto the deck . bond yank sidney to the side of the building , just as the cable drum , pulley , and the rest of the mechanic crash on the walk - way . 72nd floor terrace set - back - look down , stamper flip open he radio . stamper ( over radio ) they be on the bridge . seal off the 50th floor ! int . security CENTER - harmsway ( look at the monitor ) I should have hire this man . ( to he guard ) get somebody up there ! int . sky bridge - twilight - bond be move to the window washer rig debris . sidney what about the elevator ? he step to the side of the bridge , and look at the railing : four inch pipe . bond begin to work feverishly : bond we try that already . remember ? bond pick up the cable and the leather harness . sidney you know , this be as much you fault as it be mine . bond be slip the cable around the railing pipe . one loop . bond sidney , we do not have time for this - he pull on the loop to test it . good enough . make a second loop . sidney sure ! just when I want to talk - ( beat ) not that I would have believe you - bond test the second loop . he 's satisfied . turn to she : bond put you back to the railing . sit up on it . sidney ( do it ) be you listen to I ? bond put you arm around my neck . lock you leg around my waist . sidney ... we have time for that ? just then , guard appear out of far elevator door . running , they shoot . bond fire a burst back as - a new round of bullet hit begins to rain down on they from above . bond look up : stamper have commandeer a second window washer 's rig , and be descend , firing at they . bond look at sidney - bond sometimes you just have to - sidney do not say it . she lock she arm and leg around he , he snap the leather harness around she waist , and they roll over the railing amidst gunfire . ext . harmsway tower - twilight bond and sidney fall from the bridge - 50 storey up . they go down , and down , and down - return on the railing - ( int . sky bridge ) - the cable looped around the railing be slow they descent ; the paint on the railing be burning off , and the steel itself be starting to smoke from the friction . bond and sidney - dropping - drop - and drop . look to the ground , bond see the PRESS room observation balcony come up fast from below . it look like they be go to get splatter on the tile floor , when - return on the railing - sky bridge - the cable come to the end of its run ! it drag the spool , the bucket , and all the other mechanic to the side of the bridge , smashing against the wall , jamming against the railing . ext . the PRESS room observation balcony - twilight - bond and sidney jerk to a halt . they be swinging about five foot from the balcony . there 's a pause ... sidney be this - like - a normal day for you ? bond it 's a lousy job , but - ( reach for the balcony ) the only reason I stay be for the health benefit . bond pull they over to the balcony . int . sky bridge - twilight - stamper land on bridge . he unbuckle he harness , run to railing , look down and see sidney and bond climb out onto the balcony , go for the PRESS room door . stamper ( into he radio ) they be head for the press room . stop they ! int . PRESS room - bond and sidney enter at the top of the metal stair bond come down earlier to meet harmsway . the press be run full blast ; the noise be deafen . at the " start " end of the press - where the paper be feed in - bond see a giant roll of newsprint on a crane , about to be load . directly beyond this be the door to the elevator / wash - up room where bond and harmsway exite earlier . - come out of that door , bond see three guard in harmsway blazer carry gun . bond shoot the hook on the crane carrying the newsprint roll . it crash to the ground , roll backwards on the guard . as they start scramble around it - bond and sidney race down the stair , turn in the opposite direc - tion ( toward the finish end of the press , near the garage ... ) they encounter a gorilla - size pressman , with a oversize crowbar . bond and the pressman square off . bond try to get around he . the man lift he crowbar to smash bond with it . bond try to block the descend crowbar with he gun - but the crowbar snap it in half . bond and the pressman engage in a short , furious fight - throw each other against the side of the press ... which end when bond finally get the upper hand for a second , and push the man back , into a pile of ink drum . momentarily stunne , bond force the man 's head into a OPEN ink drum - and as he come up , cover with ink , gasp for air , sidney bop he on the head with the crowbar . now , bond and sidney take off , toward the garage / exit - but one of the Guards ( from the crash roll of newsprint ) dart out from between the bank of the printing press , trip bond . bond stumble , face down - then spin over , kick up at the Guard as he come to finish bond off . the Guard stumble backward - crash against a newspaper baling machine . ( a large machine that wrap steel or plastic band around bundle of papers for delivery . ) rushing the man , bond struggle with he - and manage to flip the baling switch - literally tie the man up . the only problem be that as bond turn - the last guard have sidney in a choke-hold ; he 's aim a gun at bond . seemingly at once , ( 1 ) sidney bite the Guard 's forearm , ( 2 ) bond duck , ( 3 ) the Guard shoot wildly , ( 4 ) the gun drop , and ( 5 ) - bond rush the man , knocking he backward into the printing PRESS , pull sidney away at the last moment . the Guard be suck up in the press roller , and ... the page run through the newsprint web suddenly turn bright red . bond he be bad news . spot more Guards come down the far staircase , bond grab sidney and the gun , and run to the newspaper delivery chute . bond down there ! they jump into it , slide down , and around a aluminum chute into : int . garage - harmsway tower . bond and sidney come out near a trolley stack with newspaper . heart pound - have leave the pressroom 's deafen noise - they be ready for almost anything , except what they hear : the SOUND of one man applauding . a polite , almost bored clap . harmsway ( o.s. ) vert , very , good Mr. bond . outstanding performance . harmsway be stand with ten guard , shoulder to shoulder , in a straight line , all holding weapon on sidney and bond . harmsway ( continue ) I be the certain the british taxpayer would be impressed by you effort . do not you agree ? bond I think they would rather know who steal they gold . harmsway can not help he ego : harmsway ( chuckle ) why , I do , of course . it 's on the Sea dolphin ii , twenty mile outside of Hong Kong ... not that it will do either of you any good to know . ( beat ) now both of you : stand up . and toss the gun out , Mr. bond . bond slide the gun several foot in front of he ... and throws a look to he car , note the guard be line up directly in its path . bond begin to scheme . sidney uncle elliot : how could you do this to I ? bond sneak he hand in he pocket . harmsway oh , please , sidney . there 's a hundred billion dollar at stake . ( beat ) besides , I never really like you father that much . he cheat at card . bond have remove the car remote control . he palm it . bond be you guard really go to kill a helpless girl ? harmsway my guard be from South Africa , Mr. bond . this be they chance to get even with the formerly ' great ' Britain . ( beat ) now both of you . put you hand on you head , and step forward . holding the remote control , bond put he hand on he head . he 's manipulate the control into the right position to use it . bond ( try to buy time ) what do you do , harmsway ? make some deal with the chinese government for the gold ?.. be the radioactive uranium I find in Venice part of it ? he finally have the remote control in the right position . harmsway question , question , Mr. bond ... which I be afraid I have neither the time , nor the inclination to answer . ( to the guard ) take they out to the jungle and - suddenly , bond' car engine start with a roar . the guard turn , in shock toward the car , as : bond retrieve the gun he sly out , and pull sidney behind the newspaper trolley , while - the car begins to move , send the guard scramble . bond take he position with sidney . bond I forget to mention : the job come with a car . 007 begin shoot , as - harmsway kill it ! shoot the damn thing - the guard start blasting the empty moving car . they manage to shoot out the headlight , while - bond be have trouble coordinate drive and shoot at the same time . as bullet rip up the newspaper in front of they - bond here . you shoot . I will drive . sidney ... you know , that 's another reason you be probably not in a successful relationship . bond another reason ??? do I miss something ??? sidney ( take the gun ) you insist on call all the shot . ( beat ) and by the way : I be not a helpless girl . bond eye she for one split second . point at the guard : bond aim that way . sidney start to shoot as - the guard continue to blast away at the car ... but : the window don't shatter . the armor -plated side - panel only dent with bullet hit ... the tire don't go flat . there 's chaos ; a cacophony of voice and wild gunfire as bond steer the car to there position , where the door open automatically . bond ready ? now ! the two of they make a break for the car , diving inside . int . bond be car - moving - garage - - bond gun the engine , slam the transmission into gear . Burning rubber , guard bounce off the front fender . the guard - continue to shoot at the car . other guard - run for the hum -vee . hop in and chase . int . bond be car - ( moving ) - bond flip open a hide control panel . flip a switch . ext . back of bond be car - ( moving ) - the tail - light drop down and machine gun start to fire . int . bond be car - ( moving ) - bond glance at the rearview mirror . see the hum -vee . press another switch - close on bond' exhaust pipe - whoosh ! a missile blast out , trail smoke as it hone in on - the first hum -vee . boom ! it 's decimate . angle on harmsway - on he radio - harmsway seal the garage ! cut the power ! he 's get no headlamps ! int . garage - first turn - as the car screech around a corner , the overhead light go out . int . bond be car - bond flip down the visor : a thermal imaging display drop down . insert " head up " imaging display - it look just like the jet fighter video from the Gulf War . int . garage - second turn - up ramp - bond 's car roar around a second turn , with spark fly as it scrape the wall . ahead , a massive one - piece door be folding down from the ceiling . a city street beyond . int . bond be car - moving - sidney we be not go to make it ! bond flip down a control panel from the radio . a digital display begin to run through a set of number . bond explain : bond if it 's radio control , it will break the code . sidney if not ? bond ( point to a button ) we blast through . the car approach the close door at high speed - bond sees they 're not go to make it . he punch the missile button . two missile roar out from the front of the car - they explode against the close door - to no effect . bond' car get closer and closer - sidney scream ! bond brace , and - boom ! crash ! silence . black . after a moment , we hear the SOUND of footstep on cement . int . garage - the light come on . the car be a twisted wreck , smashed against the wall . bond and sidney be slump forward , unconscious . harmsway knock twice on the garage door , to demonstrate : harmsway - built to withstand a nuclear blast . ( to stamper , check bond 's pulse ) be they alive ? stamper yes . shall we kill they ? harmsway no . I have a better idea . in fact , Mr. bond may have actually improve my original plan . ( beat ) bring they both to Hong Kong . and make sure he have nothing else up he sleeve . dissolve to : ext . aberdeen harbor - hong kong - morning - it be early morning in this strange harbor - a place where float restaurant rise out of the fog ; where a old chinese man wear a LA laker 's jersey practice tai-chi on the bow of a ancient junk ; where sampan cut through the chop fill with duck , computer box and woman dress in chanel 1996 , and Beijing 1256 ... while the captain of this small water - taxi chatter away on cell - phone . at the end of the harbor , dominate this scene , the camera find : the five smokestack of the aberdeen harbor nuclear power plant . pan down this massive dockside facility , the image change to : the same scene on a 5 " portable video monitor - with one important difference : there 's a hnn logo in lower corner . asian male news reporter ( vo ) as part of we continue report on terrorism , we be outside Hong Kong 's Aberdeen Harbor nuclear power plant ... new angle ( ext . power plant , front entrance , waterside ) - two video cameramen be shoot a asian hnn reporter interview a middle - age chinese man . we do not see the reporter 's face ; from the " over the shoulder " news angle , he 's wearing a hat . ( there 's also hnn bell jetranger helicopter on the ground , and a seemingly empty hnn boat moor to a nearby pier . ) asian male news reporter ( cont would ) - interviewing Mr. David Chin , senior engineer in charge of security . ( beat ) tell I , Mr. Chin : how safe be this plant from a terrorist attack ? he hold out a microphone to Chin . chin totally secure . without code , you would need a missile to blast through the front door ; you normally can not even get this close ( to the plant ) without a full security clearance . asian male news reporter ... could you say that a little closer to the microphone ? he push the microphone closer to Chin 's face : chin of course . you would need - suddenly , a puff of white smoke emerge from the microphone ... and chin collapse . the hnn reporter take off he hat : it's yung . yung ( to the guard ) now ! at once , the two cameramen turn : one aim he shoulder - mount video camera at a surveillance camera ; the other aim at the front door . boom ! rocket shoot out from they lense , destroy both . yung let 's go ! as Yung and the cameramen rush forward - angle on the hnn boat - harmsway emerge from the boat accompany by two man carry a box of equipment . he call back to two men who have appear on deck : harmsway get the machine in the water ! they begin use a hoist to lift one of the " worm " from a hold . ( this one look like a open-mouthed torpedo , with a antenna on top , and no flexible tub attach . ) int . hallway / reception - power plant - Yung and the cameramen turn a corner to the reception / security area : power plant guard what happen out there ? yung a generator blow . nothing to worry about . ( beat ) but I need one last shot of you . why do not you stand by the alarm ? power plant guard no problem . the guard stand , and smile , pose for the video camera ... and Yung pull a pistol from he pocket and shoot he . yung ( to the cameramen ) up the stair ! they follow Yung up a set of stair lead to the reactor control room . meanwhile , back at the hnn boat : int . cabin - hnn boat bond be at the porthole , wear only short , try to figure a way out . he hear the door click open , and - a Guard enter carry a pile of bond 's clothing with he shoe on top . stamper be behind he , hold a gun on sidney . stamper put on you clothes . ( to the guard ) cuff he . the guard cuff bond 's hand ( in the front , ) and we cut back to : int . power plant control room - Yung and the cameramen sweep into the control room : lot of con - sole , with a window overlook the reactor core , and its surround blue cooling pool . yung ( to the half - dozen engineer ) I be sorry to interrupt again . but we need one more picture for the story . the engineer ad-lib reply : " sure . " " okay . " Yung smile : yung ( cont 'd ) why do not you line up against the wall ? let 's make it a group shot . the engineer line up against a wall . the cameramen take position for a massacre . and at the first sound of gunfire , we cut to : ext . entranceway - stamper be march bond and sidney through the door in handcuffs . bond sleep well ? sidney next time , I do the drive . bond give she a look . return on the control room - harmsway and Yung be lock down at the video screen of a portable version of the " worm " controller we see on the sea dolphin ii . yung the drill be in the water ; approach the intake tunnel . harmsway excellent . harmsway look up , hearing : bond I see you be in you natural element , harmsway : a room fill with lethal power ... ( beat ) ... with a toxic core at its center . harmsway smile at bond and sidney , who have enter ( handcuff , at gun point , ) with stamper and a guard . harmsway be charming as ever : harmsway do come in Mr. bond , sidney ... you be just in time for a nuclear meltdown ! come closer , sidney struggle against she cuff , swinging at he - sidney you bastard - stamper restrain she , while bond scan the room for a advantage . he see a machine pistol on the console . harmsway please , sidney . I would like to remember you fondly . yung ( call from the console ) approach the first gate . harmsway start the grinder . underwater - power plant intake tunnel - the " worm " be near a iron sluice gate ; the eye close , the grinder rev , and it start to eat through the bar . return on control room - bond ... so that 's what the weapon grade uranium be for . harmsway precisely , Mr. bond . in a matter of minute , the boring device will arrive at the core of the reactor ... ( beat ) and when the radioactive blade cut into the plutonium - bond - instant melt-down . harmsway Chernobyl will look like a campfire . Young call out again , with a hint of urgency . bond decide to try rattling harmsway - so he can move closer to the gun , unnotice . yung we be through the first gate . approach the second - bond ( demand ) why , harmsway ? be not steal the gold enough ? harmsway ( to Yung ) bore through . ( to bond , chuckle ) ... they use to say live well be the best revenge , Mr. bond. ( beat ) they be wrong . ( beat ) revenge be the best revenge . yung enter the main tunnel - ten minute to target - bond ( fiercely ) what could you possibly have to be vengeful for , harmsway ? still try to prove yourself to daddy ? this infuriate harmsway . bond move closer to the gun . harmsway Hong Kong , Mr. bond ! yung you have to leave - harmsway ( enraged , ignore Yung ) a hundred and fifty year ago , my ancestor take this island - a barren , lifeless rock - and turn it into the great city know to modern civilization . ( beat ) and now that I be be force to give it back , I intend to return it in exactly the same condition : a barren , lifeless rock . ( beat ) the gold be merely reparation - payment from the spineless british government who would not listen . bond ( to sidney , glance at the gun ) ... I think uncle elliot be have he own melt -down . yung approach the third gate - harmsway smash through it ! ( then ) laugh all you would like , Mr. bond - but you fit perfectly in to my plan . ( he reach for a newspaper ) here . this just in . newsflash . read all about it . he thrust a issue of tomorrow at bond , hold the top half out as bond read the headline , sourly : bond ... Hong Kong destroy by nuclear meltdown ... british agent find in reactor suspect of sabotage ; harmsway call for british government to resign . harmsway smile at bond : harmsway ... as the advertising say : tomorrow never lie . bond what about the gold ? yung you must go . now . otherwise the boat will not be out of range - stamper and the guard appear nervous , itching to leave - harmsway thirty second . ( then , to bond ) that 's the most brilliant part of the plan , Mr. bond : to save the economy , I will let the new british government - my british government - announce that the gold be irradiate in Hong Kong - where no one will be able to touch it for a hundred year . ( beat ) and just by coincidence : he turn the paper over and read / reveal a smaller headline : harmsway ... gold mine open in Vietnam . ( turn to stamper ) let 's go . put they in the airlock . stamper move towards bond and sidney . bond edge closer to the gun . bond you will never get away with it , harmsway . too many people know . bond tense , ready to spring - harmsway who , Mr. bond ? the kook - the crazy - the conspiracy theorist ? the Oliver Stones of the world ? ( pause , then , with great scorn : ) I will publish they book , I will make they movie , I will put they on my tv show ! ( beat ) they be my bellboy . they carry my luggage . bond move , but - the guard pick up the gun !!! bond frown . harmsway now . get they in the airlock . fortunately , bond have a back - up plan . as stamper hustle they off - bond one problem , harmsway : the girl . and the handcuffs . they will give it away . harmsway consider this for a second . sidney take bond 's arm . sidney no . I want to stay with he . bond look at she . he 's surprised : in the blink of a eye , he realize he 's develop feeling for she . he know that if he could hold she , he would kiss she , and whisper " you be a hell of a girl " ... but at the same instant - throw a glance at Yung - he know he 's run out of time against the worm , and be better off alone . harmsway ( break the moment , cynically ) how sweet . sidney ( satto , to bond ) my timing always be lousy . bond ( cold and hard ) I would rather die alone . harmsway take the girl . leave the handcuffs . we will drow she at sea . sidney ( to bond , sarcastically ) enjoy the rest of you life . as stamper push bond into the reactor room airlock , he hear : harmsway I will meet you on the boat , south of lantau Island . int . airlock - the door close . bond look out the small window at : harmsway and yung in the control room - yung take the man . I can finish alone . harmsway ( to the technician and cameramen ) you come with I - ( to the guard who handcuff bond ) you stay here . as they exit - int . airlock - bond have yank he shoe off . he pull out the plastique explosive shoelace and open the secret compartment in he heel , revealing a detonator , and ear plug . move quickly , bond bite off a 2 - inch piece of shoelace , and wrap it around the chain -link connect he handcuffs , while ... int . control room - Yung sit down at the worm control and explain to the guard : yung we will cut through the last gate , then set it on auto-pilot . he start to maneuver the joystick , and - underwater - intake tunnel - the worm turn a corner . we see - the worm Pov - ( int . intake tunnel moving ) - 100 foot ahead : a iron gate . Beyond it , the blue light from the reactor cool pool ... and beyond that ... the reactor core , a shimmer silver target . meanwhile , back outside , at - the dock - Water spray violently as the hnn boat thunder out of Aberdeen harbor with harmsway at the helm . junk and sampan be toss in he wake , as int . airlock - bond finish press the shoelace around the door lock ... then turn up he shirt collar to pull out a wire that 's be hide inside . he connect it between the explosive on the handcuff chain and the detonator , then steal a glance out the window at : yung - still guide the worm with the joy stick . his eye be focus on : the control panel ( including video screen , showing worm Pov ) - where Yung see the gate loom ahead on the video screen . he press a nearby button mark " start grinder " ... and the video go black , replace by the word " grinder engaged . " underwater -( intake tunnel ) - the worm bare its lethal tooth ; and revs up to speed . meanwhile - bond - close he eye , press the detonator , and - yung - hear a small boom from inside the airlock . yung ( to the guard ) check it out . be careful . the guard pick up he machine pistol , start to the door . inside the airlock - bond ( with he hand now free ) be quickly rewiring the detonator to the plastique explosive around the door handle . yung maneuver the joy - stick , as - underwater ( intake tunnel ) the worm 's tooth be beginning to cut into the steel bar . the guard approach the door . bond brace himself inside the airlock . the guard peer into the window - and suddenly ... boom ! the door blow open with a shatter blast ! new angle - the control room - the guard be blast backward , dead . bond roll out , scramble for the weapon . Yung slam he hand on a button mark " auto - pilot . " a caption appear on the video screen " target locked , " and - as bond grab the gun , bring it up to shoot , Yung dive on top of he . they struggle , and the gun skitter across the floor towards the window overlook the blue cool pool . break free , bond move around a console for the gun . Yung take a shortcut - leaping on , and then over the console , as - the worm ( underwater - intake tunnel ) - chews through the last of the iron bar , and glide through the hole toward the silvery reactor core , 35 foot ahead . bond and yung - have square off in a short , brutal martial art battle . ( the fight take place in the space between the console and the reactor core window ; the gun , lie on the ground between they . ) they trade punch after punch - and although bond be hold he own , Yung be every bit he equal . back off , bond spin into a crescent kick - but Yung catch bond 's foot , and shove bond backwards , crash against a wall near a FIRE extinguisher . meanwhile , all through this ... the worm be getting closer to the core . return on bond and yung - as Yung reach down for the gun , bond grab the fire extinguisher from the wall . he rush Yung , blast he with co2 . in the white smoke , Yung drop the gun ... then charge at bond , headbutting he , twist , and turn 007 ... smashing bond backward against the glass window . the window shatter . bond be wind . and as he struggle to stop himself from fall backwards into the reactor room ... Yung do a flying , feet first kick to finish the job - but at the last second , bond duck , reach up , and use Yung 's momentum to send he fly over bond 's head into - the reactor room . he sail through the air , head for the cool pool 20 ' below , as - the worm close in on the silver reactor core . scream , yung hit the water feet first , and - underwater ( reactor core ) - the worm burrow in on he . return on the control room - bond race to hit the " emergency reactor shut down " button . he pull a FIRE alarm , disconnect the worm , and set off a " emergency decontamination " system , spraying the room with a mist of water . finally , bond retrieve the gun , and pause to look down at : the reactor pool ( bond be Pov ) - there 's a cloud of red in the middle of the blue water . return to scene - bond go to the dead guard . get the key , remove he handcuff bracelet , then hoist the dead guard over he shoulder , and exit . ext . helicopter - ( ext . aberdeen harbor power plant ) - day with the sound of fire engine approach in the background , bond strap the dead guard into the passenger seat , and take off . ext . the sea dolphin ii - ( aerial - south china sea ) - day the hnn boat have pull alongside the Sea dolphin ii . the gang from the nuke plant be board the larger boat . ( note : from the air , we should notice that the " gold hold " be now cover by a steel hatch , and the biggest worm be store in the open , hang from a steel boom . ) the deck - come up the ladder first , harmsway be greet by the Captain . harmsway any news ? the captain the call just go out on the Hong Kong police radio : Fire at the power plant . harmsway ( ironically ) alert the media ! stamper and sidney have climb onto the deck . stamper what do you want I to do with she ? sidney - can not we make a deal ? I will not say anything - harmsway ( touch she cheek ) you be so cute , my dear . ( beat ) but I be afraid not . ( to one of the cameramen ) put she in the storage room . the cameraman take she away . harmsway turn to the captain : harmsway ( cont 'd ) we will get rid of she when we be in International water . ( then ) set sail , full speed , due south . I will be in my cabin . let I know when Mr. Yung arrive . we will break out the champagne . int . lower passageway / storage room - sea dolphin ii - near the engine room ( indicate we be near the bottom of the boat , ) the cameraman open a door to a small , cramped room with a bench , and scuba equipment . he push sidney inside . cameraman do not get any idea . then lock the door on she . ext . bond be hnn helicopter - flying - day several hundred foot in the air , the helicopter be head for a island in the distance . int . helicopter - flying - bond check the compass , and adjust he course . the compass swing due south . bond' Pov - the helicopter clear the island : Bright blue sea ahead . bond see then pass over - the hnn boat , bob empty in the water ... then , further ahead , he spot the stern of Sea dolphin ii , shimmer in the instance . rear deck - sea dolphin ii - look north , off the back of the boat stamper and a crewman see the helicopter - a tiny speck in the air . stamper there it be . stamper lift a pair of binoculars for confirmation . stamper be Pov - through the binoculars - he see two figure in the cockpit . return to scene - stamper pick up he radio : stamper it 's he . they both make it . the bridge - the Captain reply : the captain I will tell Sir elliot . harmswwy' cabin - harmsway be work at a computer . a chime sound . harmsway yes ? captain voice he 's approach from the north , sir . crewman fantastic . invite the crew on deck to celebrate , and I will be up in a few minute . int . helicopter - flying - day - bond be about two mile out from the stern of the Sea dolphin ii . maybe 500 ' in the air . take the machine pistol from the dead guard 's lap , he open the small pilot 's window , and balance it on he knee . ahead , he see : bond be Pov - deck - sea dolphin ii - the crewmen be lining up on either side of the landing pad , near the ship 's railing . return on bond - ready for war . he push the cyclic pitch lever forward , and the Bell jetranger go into a scream descent . the deck / helicopter landing pad Champagne bottle pop . stamper be with a crewman , who look up at the chopper , about 1000 ' off the stern : crewman he seem to be come in awfully fast . stamper pick up he binocular . stamper be Pov - through the binoculars - he see bond . return to scene - stamper get the gun ! it 's not he ! it 's bond !!! he might have also add " it 's too late , " as - new angle - rear deck of the boat / helicopter - bond swoops in low on the port side of the boat , firing he gun from the pilot 's window , and use the chopper' blade to threaten the man on deck . about half of they dive into the water for safety , only to be quickly leave behind . Flying up the port side toward the front of the boat , bond pass - int . harmswwy' cabin - the window rattle as bond 's chopper thunder by . perplex , harmsway stand , open the porthole curtain . he crane he neck , but see nothing . he press a intercom button : harmsway what the hell be go on ? int . bridge - the captain ( on a phone ) I do not know sir - the helicopter suddenly appear in front of he . shoot from the pilot 's window , bond shatter the glass window - and the Captain slump forward on the wheel , spin it as he slide to the deck . int . harmswwy' cabin - the boat pitch wildly ; harmsway loose he balance , crash into a wall . int . storage cabin - sidney be throw from she bench , slamm against scuba tank . ext . mid - ship - deck - stamper bounce himself , hand out automatic weapon from a arm cache hide inside a dinghy . the two cameramen take they m - 16 's and rush forward , jump up on some machinery to climb onto - the roof of the bridge - they rush forward , and assume position shoot at bond . angle on the helicopter - take hit . bond pivot and turn the chopper , head straight for they . bond be Pov - ( int . helicopter ) - the man turn , and start to run as the chopper chase they - close on the chopper' landing skid - bond hook both of they with the skid , by the back of there untucked shirt !!!! the man be flail like crazy as - bond pull back on the cyclic pitch lever - the helicopter rear backward , and up - and the man burst through they shirt button , falling , shirtless , into the sea . int . helicopter - bond push the cyclic sideways to bank down , and in , on the boat . but he do not see - wide - ( boat / helicopter ) a SMALL rocket streaking upward from the boat . stamper be hold a shoulder mount launcher . the helicopter - boom ! it hit the engine . int . helicopter - the gauge go crazy ; the alarm go berserk . the entire cockpit be chatter as bond struggle to remain in control . ext . ladder leading to the bridge - harmsway be try to make he way up the ladder as the boat continue to veer out of control . he pause to look up at : the helicopter , gyrating wildly - int . helicopter - bond force the cyclic forward . the helicopter pitch forward - bond be Pov - ( int . helicopter ) he 's head straight for the hatch cover the gold hold . whoever be leave alive be diving off the ship to get out of the way . int . bridge - struggle with the wheel , harmsway pick up the radio : harmsway what the hell be go on ? stamper ( o. S . ) it 's bond ! harmsway kill he ! finish it ! angle on stamper ( ext . mid - ship ) - with the worm dangle from a boom in the background , he watch : ext . helicopter / ship with the chopper about 15 foot above the gold hold - just barely under control - bond open the door . he leap out onto the hatch , and roll off , disappear as - the chopper crash onto the gold hold , in a giant ball of flame and twisted metal . int . storage compartment - sidney look up , hearing and feel the explosion . int . bridge - harmsway regains control of the boat ; he take a gun from the dead captain , and push the body out . ext . passageway - with flaming debris still fall around he , bond be stealthily move down a passageway toward the front of the ship . ( bond have two goal in mind at this point : first , to neutralize any threat , and second , to save sidney if she 's still alive . ) arrive at a bulkhead door , bond check both direction down the passageway , then poke he head inside - and be suddenly yanked backward , out into the passageway , throw against a railing . bond look up : stamper stand with a smile on he face . one arm be raise above he head , grasp the worm on the swinging boom . the worm be attach to the boom by a thin metal cable . stamper you be mine now . bond rush at stamper , slamm into he . the man do not flinch . with he free hand , he grab bond by he shirt , and throw he against a steel wall . bond crash to the deck . as bond recover , stamper ( still smile ) press a red button on a wall , and the worm come to life . stamper close in on bond with the worm . bond try to stand , but stamper fling he back down , pin bond against the wall with he free hand as he - maneuver the worm toward bond' head . with the cut blade whirring inch away from bond 's nose - stamper I be go to do this slowly - bond execute a scissor kick to stamper 's ankle . stamper tumble sideways . bond roll away from the worm - but by the time bond get to he foot , stamper have recover , and be rush at bond full force , with the worm . stamper thrust the worm at bond once . bond duck . the worm chew into the wall . pull the device back , stamper thrust a second time - ( same action , ) then a third ( same action ) - still miss bond . insert - close on the cable spool / cable - with all the yanking and pull , a loop of slack have develop in the cable , on the ground . return to scene - stamper be about to attack bond a fourth time when bond kick he in the groin . stamper double over in pain - and the worm fly out of he hand , swinging on the boom over the side of the ship . underwater - the grinder propel the worm forward , into the hull . sidney - ( int . storage room ) - hear a strange vibrate sound from the wall . harmsway - ( int . bridge ) - harmsway ( bark into the radio ) stamper ! report in ! ext . deck / passageway - as stamper straighten up , wind from the groin kick - harmswwy' voice ( continue , on stamper 's radio ) report to the bridge ! bond rush to a SMALL pile of slack cable , which be rapidly grow teach as the worm wend its way underwater . stamper rush bond - and in one lighten fast move , bond wrap the cable twice around stamper 's neck . suddenly the cable tightens , and - stamper soar 15 in the air , hanging by he neck , as - int . storage cabin - the worm burst through the wall ! a torrent of water flood in , push sidney off to one side . worm Pov - int . storage cabin - it 's zoom at the door ! int . passageway - the door burst open , send ton of water into the passageway . int . bridge - the boat shudder violently , send harmsway crash against a wall , cut he head . ext . the deck - as the boat rock , bond steady himself , then start for the bridge , use the same route as the cameramen lift by the chopper : first climb up on some machinery , then up onto the bridge roof . int . storage room - sidney be thrashing for air , with only a few inch leave between the rise water and the ceiling . int . passageway - 3 / 4 fill with water . rising fast . the worm Pov - ( underwater , int . passageway ) the worm be head for a door . we see the door disintegrate in front of we , as the worm burst into - the engine room . with the water cascade over the camera , ( as if we be riding inside a ocean wave , ) the worm head for a tank mark " fuel . " ext . the sea dolphin ii - the boat be sink . bond be run across the bridge roof , when : the boat suddenly list to the starboard side . int . bridge - harmsway be throw backwards . gun in hand , he make he way up the incline , to the port- side door . just when he think he 's make it - bang . bond appear in the doorway , have jump down from the roof on the small exterior walkway . he 's seethe with rage . harmsway look up at he . blink in disbelief . bond I never believe what I read in the newspaper . harmsway slowly bring up the gun . harmsway pity you will miss you obituary . bond smack the gun out of he hand with contempt . move closer . bond where be she , harmsway ? boom ! the fuel tank explode in the distance . the bridge rock violently ; the room tilt to a great angle . harmsway you want to kill I , bond ? go ahead . with both arm , bond push harmsway backwards , fling he downward against the starboard wall . the water be rise on the bridge . bond ( move in on he ) where be she harmsway ? - he grab harmsway by the lapel , and throw he against the front wall , crash onto the instrument panel head first . harmsway laugh maniacally , face down on the gauge : harmsway what be it , bond ? you have not the gut ? boom ! there 's another explosion in the background ! the front of the boat tilt upward ! the water be rush in ! bond grab harmsway by the shoulder - bond you spineless paper tiger - and yank he off the instrument panel , fling he backwards against the rear wall of the bridge . bond where be she , harmsway ?!? or do you kill she like Paris ? suddenly , the boat groans . the bridge rise out of the water ! and bond lose he balance , falling onto harmsway - harmsway ( glaring , insanely : ) we all go down together !!! harmsway lunge for bond 's throat - and the bridge slip underwater - where bond break harmsway 's grasp in a violent struggle - then punch he . Air bubbles break from harmsway 's mouth . he frantically try to break free for the surface - but bond pull he back down , and hold he down , push down on harmsway 's shoulder . harmsway be thrashing about , flail in all direction , pound at bond in a haze of bubbles ... then fall still . with he lung aching , burst with fire , bond rocket up - underwater - ( bond / boat ) - through the bridge window , up to - the surface . he break through the water , gasp for air ... and then , almost instantly , dive down again . underwater - ( bond / boat ) - bond dive for the boat - down , and down , chase it , as if he could just grab it , and stop it from sink . he go deeper , and deeper , as it sink further and further away , just beyond he reach . and just when it seem impossible for he to survive - to hold he breath a second longer - a figure in scuba gear ( mask and tank ) grab he . bond turn in disbelief . stare into the mask : it's sidney . she put she regulator in bond 's mouth ... and they share the air as they rise from the depth . the surface - they break through the water . sidney yank off she mask . tease : sidney what do you mean , you would rather die alone ? bond I do not say when I want to die - she splashes he . turn away , bond spot stamper 's ' arm cache ' dinghy float nearby . new angle - the dinghy - bond climb into it , then help sidney get in . they collapse in the bottom of the boat , rest they head against the gunwale . after a beat , sidney clear her throat . bond be already amused : bond ... yes ??? sidney before we go any further here , Mr. bond , from lloyd of London , I just want to get two thing straight . bond ... yes ? sidney first , that boat be in international water . I be claim it for salvage . one -third of that gold be mine . bond and number two ? sidney if you think we be go to have some kind of ' life affirm ' romance here just because we cheat death , let I be clear : ( pause ) we be go to have it where I want , and when I want . bond and when might that be ? sidney now . he laugh . she fall into he arm . they kiss , and we cut to : two payr of binoculars - with the dinghy reflect in the glass . in unison , they be both lower , revealing q and Wade . q ... as usual , I see the situation be in 007 's very capable hand . WADE life be not fair . q ( emphatically ) you be right . a british naval officer appear . officer Excuse I , Major boothroyd - the message go to London . q thank you . q and Wade throw a glance back to the sea , then turn , waking off : WADE tell I , q-ster . you do ever do any gardening ? q ... the only thing I ever plant be bug . close on a picture of harmsway on a video screen - on the wall behind m 's desk . it 's night . moneypenny sit across from m , with a steno pad . m moneypenny , take the follow release : ( beat ) the body of Sir elliot harmsway be find float in the South China Sea this morning , at 08:00 hour local Hong Kong time . ( pause ) at present , local authority believe the media mogul commit suicide . return on the dinghy - bond and sidney break off a kiss . she lie nestle in he arm . sidney James ... be this really what a typical day be like for you ? bond reply with a wry smile : bond yes ... ( pause ) but some day ... be longer than other . and with this , he reach up over he head , and pull a tarp over the two of they ... and the camera pull back , and up , rise into the air to reveal : the entire british navy close in on they from all point of the compass . the end ( save for one last line : ) James bond will return . --------------------------------------------------------------