toni erdmann written by maren ade ext . - winfried 's house - entrance - day a house with a wild garden ona tranquil suburban street . it sit there quietly ; the only movement appear to come from behind a window . we hear a delivery truck pull up . its slide door open and close . a mailman walk into shot carry a package and search for the doorbell . he find it amongst some ivy and ring . winfried , a man in he mid-60s with wavy gray hair , a unkempt beard and a pair of colorful read glass , open the door . mailman good morning . Package . the mailman start type something on a modern electronic signature device . winfried wait a moment ... no idea what my brother 's be order again . winfry step a couple of meter into the house and call to someone . the mailman wait professionally . wineried ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) Toni ?! do you order something ? he return to the mailman . winfried ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) my brother just get release from prison . he do whatever he want . mailman oh dear . winfried he be lock up for mail bomb . yesterday , he eat a whole can of dog food . ok , just a moment , please . winfry disappear again , leave the mailman stand there . he diligently carry on hold the package . wineried ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( suddenly shouting ) Toni , get you ass out of the hammock right now ! toni ( 0.s. ) I be still have breakfast . wineried ( 0.s. ) keep this up and I will throw you out . do you order something from orion again ? toni ( 0.s. ) no , I do not . do not be so mean to I . aman appear . apart from a few distinctive tooth , he look uncannily similar to winfry . he 's wear a black bathrobe and dark sunglass . he voice have change and he mumble when he speak . the mailman quickly hand he the package . toni ( cont 'd ) what my brother say about I be not true . I have never order any erotic product . the mailman hold the device out so Toni can sign it . mailman I do not care what 's in it . toni it 's better that way . Toni sign use capital letter . a pair of handcuffs dangle from he wrist and the mailman notice they with bemusement . he briefly put he ear to the package . toni ( cont 'd ) thanks . now I be really look forward to defuse it . in the background , by the garden fence , lukas appear : he 's a pale teenager ( 16 ) with tight - fitting black jeans and droop shoulder . winfry quickly take off he sunglass and remove a set of false tooth from he mouth and stick they in he pocket . he can not help but laugh . winfried hey , luka ... winfry look at the mailman , who also laugh with bewilderment . it 's not clear whether winfry 's act might have convinced he for a moment , after all . luka still stand some distance away , unsure whether he 's allow to come closer . winfried ( cont ’d ) ( to mailman ) no offense mean . they be both I . it be obvious , right ? winfry fish out a five - euro bill and give the mailman a quick pat on the shoulder . a electronic beep sound emanate from winfry 's body . winfried ( cont 'd ) do not worry . that 's just my blood pressure monitor . winfry finally take the package from the mailman . winfried ( cont 'd ) you be the bravest one yet . ( to luka ) I will be right there ... the mailman leave and winfry also disappear . int . - winfried 's house - live room - garden - day in the live room , winfry hastily take off he bathrobe . several plastic object and cable be attach to he body . they look like a explosive belt . he button he shirt and put down the package . the device on he body be still beep . a old dog ( willi ) haul himself up off the floor and lie down again at a safe distance . the dog 's breathe be labor and fluid rattles in he lung . winfried come in ... luka enter the live room . winfry open the package and pull out a new spray gun attachment for he garden hose . winfried ( cont ’d ) we lesson be tomorrow , right ? lukas yes , but I , | want to tell you that , um ... well , I want to quit take piano lesson . for a moment , neither speak . winfried ok . lukas I just do not have enough time anymore . winfried we see this come a bit , right ? lukas yes. winfried and what do I do with the piano now ? I buy it just for you . luka freeze for a moment . winfried ( cont 'd ) just kid . but you have to tell you mother . I be not do it . luka nod . the dog can be hear wheeze in the garden . winfried ( cont 'd ) that 's just the dog . winfry walk into the garden to fetch he beer . he bend down to willi again . he quickly take a plate of sausage from the table and place it front of the dog . willi turn he head away . winfry grab he beer and walk back to luka . winfried ( cont ’d ) do you drink beer already ? lukas ah , yeah , sure . winfried my internet 's act up . that ball be there again . luka bend over the laptop on the table . lukas yeah , it 's freeze . int . - winfried 's house - live room - day winfry and luka still sit in the live room in front of the laptop , share a beer . winfry 's face be paint white with dark circle around he eye that break out into jag point . face paint lie on the table . on the computer screen we see picture of people paint like the death . lukas I would put some blood there , too . winfried ok . winfry look into a small hand mirror and apply a little more blood to the corner of he mouth . lukas that look cool . like the joker . winfry look into he little hand mirror . ext . - outside winfried 's house - day luka leave winfry 's house carry a dog pillow and a grocery bag . he pause and wait for winfry . winfry emerge from the house with willi in he arm , he face paint like a zombie : large black circle around he eye , a black '' grin '' around he mouth and a smear of fake blood . he close the front door and follow luka down the walkway . in the distance , a elderly couple walk towards winfry and look at he with bemusement . ext . - annegret 's house - garden - terrace - day winfry walk through a landscape garden . he slowly pull willi up some step while also lug the basket and shopping bag . Inside the house , annegret , a very old woman , sit in she live room in front of the tv . winfry give a warning knock on the glass veranda door and hold a '' frau im spiegel - woman in the Mirror '' magazine in front of he face . its cover depict german tv host Thomas gottschalk . winfry slowly lower the magazine . annegret , he mother , be not at all shocked to see he paint face . she slowly push she walk frame to the door . int . - annegret 's house - live room - day annegret greet willi , who drag himself inside with great effort and lie down ona Persian rug . annegret why do not you put he to sleep ? he 's only suffer . winfried I be not put you to sleep , either . annegret deliberately ignore winfry 's costume . she begin imperiously examine the grocery and check they against she shopping list . it take she a long time to do anything , but she do not want help . we hear the sound of a radio come from the bedroom . winfried ( cont ’d ) be Mrs. radica still here ? annegret do not answer . she sullenly inspect a couple of ready - make tartes flambé . wineried ( cont 'd ) I bring you this tartes flambé . they be really good . you just have to warm they up . annegret you eat this ? winfried sometimes . annegret then take they with you . winfry 's gaze drift to the table which annegret have already set for two people . annegret ( cont ’d ) now sit down . winfried ihave to go soon . winfry quickly sit down on the edge of a corner bench and put a slice of sausage onto a piece of bread . annegret the dombrecht be cut you hedge tomorrow . you be block all they sun . winfry have to stifle he anger . winfried that 's fine . my new hose attachment have a range of 30 meter , so I will be able to shoot right into they live room . annegret there 's no need to joke about it . winfry 's blood pressure monitor beep quietly and inflate on he upper arm . winfried I be glad that thing 's take a measurement now . it ascertain which topic upset I most . then dombrowski can tell I precisely what I need to eliminate from my life . annegret you will soon be rid of I . winfry take another bite of he sandwich and look at she . winfried I might bring ine tomorrow . apparently she 's travel through . annegret oh , she 's here ...? winfry 's mother 's face briefly brighten up at the good news . winfried yeah . I have to go . annegret shrug . winfry peel himself out of the corner . he walk into a back room , past the bathroom which mrs . radica , a domestic may of Eastern european appearance , be clean . winfried ( cont 'd ) do not be frighten ... mrs . radica oh , my ... Mrs. radica laugh . winfry give she a friendly handshake . annegret follow he with she walk frame so she can keep a eye on what he 's do . winfry take a hat from a closet . winfried can I borrow this ? annegret shrug in agreement . annegret and what 's with the getup ? winfried so you be interested , after all ? I have take on a side job in a old people 's home . 50 euros per death . most of they will not fight back . annegret shake she head . winfry lean down towards willi , who have haul himself after he . winfried ( cont ’d ) thanks for take he . I will just pick he up later ... int . - school - auditorium - day winfry wait with a large group of junior high school student in the entrance area of a school . they be stand outside a door lead to the auditorium . the child all have they face paint like death and they be make a effort to stand quietly . winfry have a guitar sling around he . a colleague be help he look after the child . she laugh quietly . colleague it be a little macabre . winfried we can not change it now ... from the auditorium , someone can be indistinctly hear bring they speech to a close , then the large audience applaud . the student prematurely push forward into a darken backstage area . a few of they be carry instrument . they collide with the art club as it leave the stage with a huge , long artwork that require several student to carry it . a crush ensue . one of the '' young death '' get push over and fight back . winfried ( cont ’d ) slowly , slowly ... arne , get up . from outside , we hear as the music club 's performance be announce . winfried ( cont ’d ) ok guy , now focus . everyone 's sad ... the student let they shoulder droop and amble very sadly onto the stage . winfry check that every last student be there . a few member of the audience burst out laugh . winfry be the last person to take to the stage . he give a command and the student make a voodoo- like racket , then chant ... student ( chant in unison ) we be dead sad that you be leave , Mr. dudinger ! in the pack auditorium , people laugh bemusedly . a mann in the front row , clearly the person be bid farewell , be not sure how to take it . winfry give another command and start play a tune on he guitar . a few student join in on they instrument . the student start sing a adapt version of hannes wader 's song , '' Day to Day '' . we look into they face , which be full of concentration . int . - school - corridor - night winfry walk hurriedly through the empty high school hold he school key in he hand . int . - winfried 's car - STREET by renate 's house - night winfry have park he vw passat in front of a fancy new-build house in a hillside location . he glance into the mirror and look for a tissue , but he can not find one . he put on he hat and get out of the car . ext./ int . - renate 's house - hallway - live room - night winfry fish a bottle of red wine from a canvas grocery bag . with he colorful read glass hang around he neck , he 's now only a half - death . at the front door , he hitches up he pants and take a breath . he pluck up the courage to ring the bell . renate ( 60 ) open the door . renat my God ... what 's this ? m winfried sorry . I have a upset stomach . she let he in . gerhard appear in the background , alarmed by renate 's scream . gerhard what be you up to ? I be about to get my gun . winfried do you have a gun ? gerhard of course I have a gun . renat be you dress like that at school ? m winfried no , I be work part-time at the old people 's home . gerhard interesting . winfry greet the other guest : oliver , mid-30s , clearly gerhard 's son , he pregnant girlfriend babette , whom winfry have not meet before , and barbel , a old friend of renate 's . winfry whip out he false tooth from he jacket pocket and put they in he mouth . winfried hello , barbel . barbel laugh . oliver winfry , hi ... winfry put the tooth away again . winfried congratulation . I be pleased you be go to be parent . when be it due ? babette not until October . winfried ( murmure ) stick together . gerhard Red , white or beer ? winfried whatever you be have ... be not she here yet ? winfry look around for ine . renat still on the phone . m winfry sit down ona chair while he wait . winfried ( to renate ) her flight be ok ? renat yeah , she be tired . m renate go to fetch another plate . gerhard but apparently thing go really well in shanghai . winfried be not she in bucharest anymore ? gerhard sure , but she have meeting there . she want to go there next . winfried oh , right ... gerhard yes , it all go really well . they be open a new branch there . so she be meeting manager from siemen . New client and executive , too . renate return and put a plate down in front of winfry . winfried oh , right . gerhard it 's incredible the heavyweight she 's in the ring with . winfry notice some gift lie on the table . winfried whose birthday be it ? renate we decide to celebrate early . winfry sit back in surprise . winfried conradi oh , come on ! you should have let I know that . a woman ( ine ) approach the patio door , talk on she cellphone . she roll she eye by way of apology for the phone call . she be wear a crisp shirt and blazer . winfry briefly reach towards gerhard 's neck and pretend to strangle he . ine smile . barbel and in bucharest , what ... what 's she do there ? gerhard she 's in the oil business . barbel nod knowingly but do not dare ask any more question . oliver she 's only advise a oil company . she 's still a business consultant . barbel oh , right . winfried ihave to write that down now , too . ine have finish she phone call and enter the room . she come over to say hello to winfry . ine you guy talk business again ? hello , dad ... they hug awkwardly because of winfry 's face - paint . winfry rub she neck . winfried hello ... spaghetti . how 's it go ? ine really good , actually . winfried I do not know you be celebrate you birthday already . I have a meeting in bucharest next week , so I will bring you you present then . ine sure , please do that . any time . just ring my bell ... winfried yeah , you might be surprised . they sit down . renate ( to ine ) everything clear up ? ine yeah , it be nothing . renate ( to ine ) there 's something all over the back of you blazer . winfry look at he hand . he have white face paint on it when he rubbed she neck . winfried oh , no ... renate take it off right away ... there 's still time to wash it out ! barbel gall soap . renate try to take off ine 's blazer . ine mon , leave it . | have a whole suitcase full of thing . winfried I be sorry about that . ine it 's just a tiny spot . winfry 's blood pressure monitor start to inflate . ine ( cont 'd ) what be that ? winfried just my blood pressure monitor . ine what 's wrong with you ? winfried nothing . routine . ine and be I suppose to get you outfit ? winfried we be joke around with the school band . say goodbye to we principal . ine that do not explain anything , but whatever . winfried I will wash this stuff off now . winfry leave . int . - renate 's house - hallway - live room - day winfry exit the bathroom , now without he face paint . he 's just finish a phone call . he still look ill , however , because he have not be able to wash off all of the paint . he spot renate in the kitchen and walk over to she . int . - renate 's house - kitchen - day winfry lean on the countertop next to renate . winfried I be afraid I have to leave soon . willi 's at my mother 's place . renate and how 's he do ? winfried quite good . sleep a lot . he pull a dental retainer box from he jacket pocket , take out the false tooth and show they to renate . winfried ( cont 'd ) they be almost break again , here . can you fix they again with that professional glue ? renate sure . you be a private patient , so I will do anything . winfried yeah , I do not dare go to the doctor any more . everyone want to treat I right away . renate that thing be so annoying when you be sleep . we have have it , too . be there a specific reason ? winfried nothing , but they be give I a blood thin now . renate gerhard take that , too . she gesture at a pretty pillbox with compartment for each day of the week . renate you guy should talk sometime . winfry put in the false tooth . winfried could you make they permanent , too ? I find my crown so boring . renate laugh . she look into the darken garden , in which ine 's outline be visible . renate all she do be talk on the phone . winfried we must have do something wrong . ext . - renate 's house - garden - day winfry walk through the garden , search . he 's put he jacket on again . the garden be empty . ext . - in front of renate 's house - day winfry walk around the house and spy ine next to the garage . for a moment , it 's as if she 's hide from she family . her shoulder be hunch and she 's smoking . she hold she blackberry in one hand . winfry be just a few meter away from she when renate call to he from the house . renate ( indistinctly , from far away ) come back inside ! ine I be still on the phone ! ine think renate be call to she . only then do she see winfry stand next to she . she reflexively lift the phone and now that she have it at she ear , she carry on act . ine ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah , good . and what else do he say ? ok , that 's no bad thing . ( quietly , to winfry ) I be almost do , dad . winfry wait . ine act out the phone call so convincingly that he suddenly wonder whether there really might be someone on the other end . ine ( cont 'd ) all the same , I would like to get back in touch tomorrow . but I be glad we talk . yes , you have anice evening , too . she hang up . winfried everything ok ? ine a bit of stress ... be you leave already ? winfried I be afraid I have to . do you want to come to grandma 's for breakfast tomorrow ? ine I be fly at ten already . do you tell she I be here ? winfry shake he head . winfried it do not matter , I will call inge . I have hire someone to bea substitute daughter , anyway . ine aha . and what kind of stuff do she do ? winfried different thing . sometimes I just want she to bake a cake . sometimes she help I to cut my toenail . the kind of thing daughter normally do . ine so she can call you on you birthday , too . then I do not have to worry about it . winfried it be only a joke . renate approach the two of they carry a wrap up piece of cake and the hat , which winfry have forget . by way of a goodbye , winfry simply take ine 's hand firmly in he . winfried ( cont ’d ) I do not know if I still have make - up anywhere . ine it 's a shame this be so brief . we will havea really long skype soon . her tone be particularly tender , and it almost sound like she 's talk to a small child . winfried right , sure . my skype 's work again . renate yeah , she should not work so much . renate pinch ine 's cheek . winfried she 's do great . ext . - winfried 's house - garden - night winfry walk into he garden . he 's fetch a blanket and a bowl of ice cube . willi lie on the lawn in the garden . the dog be not well . winfry lie down very close to he ona pillow take from a chair . it 's a bright , windy night . he pull the blanket over himself and shuffles even closer to he dog , who be now pretty much only exhaling . winfried ( quietly ) my willi , do not be frighten . do not be frighten . be you my dear willi ... such a lovely willi . as he speak , he give the dog two ice cube to lick . they clink quietly . willi try to stand up but fall to one side . winfry again shuffles closer to he . ext . - winfried 's house - garden - dawn the sun be rise when winfry wake up on the lawn . willi be no longer lie next to he . winfry sit up . he spot will a few meter away , under a bush . he kneel down next to he and touch he . the dog be dead . int . - winfried 's house - kitchen or live room - day winfry have go into he house . he stand for a moment in the kitchen . he reach for the coffee filter . he look out of the window at he dog , as if he 's wait for willi to get up again , after all . but the fur under the bush be so motionless that it suddenly seem fake . only the bush above it move . int . - bucharest office build - lobby - day winfry sit in the modern reception area of a office building . he 's wear sunglass and hold a newspaper . he peer at the entrance door . now and again , businesspeople enter the lobby and employee leave the building . the elevator door opposite he open , so winfry lift up the newspaper . a unknown man in a suit step out . winfry lower he newspaper again . he begin to rip a small hole in the paper . he look at the modern , illuminate reception desk . behind it , two female receptionist , with they hair style in tall up - dos , appear to be talk about he . one of they walk over to he in she high-heele shoe . receptionist be you sure you do not want we to call someone ? she speak English with a Eastern european accent . winfried no , thank you . the receptionist nod and walk back to she desk , where she whisper to she colleague . it become clear that winfry have already be sit here for quite some time : he 's raise the woman 's suspicion . winfry fold up he newspaper . at that moment , a group of businesspeople ( include henneberg , dascalu and anca ) enter the building . winfry spot ine among they . Quick as a flash , he put in the false tooth , lift up the newspaper and walk along next to the group , conspicuous in he effort to be inconspicuous . ine look straight at he , and , for a moment , she seem to freeze . but then she walk on and continue she conversation with a colleague , who turn around to face she . winfry watch she , and the group disappear into a elevator beyond a staff - only barrier . winfry walk onwards , out of the building . outside , he remove the false tooth and sunglass . for a moment he stand there , perplex , unsure whether ine see he or not . ext . - in front of bucharest office build - day winfry walk outside , onto the street . New , modern glass building contrast with dilapidate block from the ceausescu era . winfry look around and be about to continue when , suddenly , a young romanian woman wear a business suit stop he . anca ( in English ) Excuse I , I be sorry ... be you Mr. conradi ? winfried ( mixing german and English ) ja. yes. anca hello , anca pavelescu . I be the assistant of Ms. conradi . one minute please ... anca put she cellphone to she ear and speak to someone . anca ( cont 'd ) yes , I get he . she hand the phone to winfry . winfried hello . I be sorry . just a fly visit . no , you do not have to come here . I will book myself into a hotel somewhere . yeah , nothing , no . no , really , nothing 's wrong . he listen , and relent . winfried ( cont ’d ) ok ... fine . yes , ok . see you later . he hand the phone back to anca . winfried ( cont ’d ) ( in English ) I shall follow you . anca look at he in surprise . ext . - bucharest office build - roof terrace - day winfry sit with anca on the office building 's modern roof terrace . she have laid out a few tourist brochure and a city map , which she 's mark with cross . anca and here be the radisson , also one of the five-star hotel in town . the restaurant be excellent . and there be also a nice cigar lounge for business meeting ... or drink in the evening . winfried iam only the father . just holiday . ( in german ) I do not really look the part . anca 's cellphone ring . she listen with intense concentration . winfry look around at the terrace . a few people in suit be sit and smoking . anca she ask whether you would like to accompany she to a reception of the american embassy this evening ? winfried be that she ? anca ( in german ) yes , she 's still in the meeting . winfried ( mixing german and English ) ok . when she will ... for a moment , neither of they know what to talk about . winfried ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) and how be my daughter as a boss ? ( in English ) as you chief ? anca be not sure how to respond . anca yes , she 's very honest , and she give I a lot of feedback ... about my performance . winfried ( stammer in English ) '' performance ? '' this mean ... this describe you job ? anca ( in german ) performance mean my work in general ... in meeting , with the team , deal with client . winfried and what 's most important when deal with client ? anca that no concept make sense if the client do not want it . it 's a art to tell the client what he actually want . winfried I be sure my daughter 's good at that . int . - car - HOTEL forecourt - evening winfry sit on the back seat of a spacious car be drive towards the entrance to a hotel . the driver , bogdan , be speak to someone via a cellphone earpiece . bogdan ( into earpiece ) weare here . ( to winfry ) she be come . winfried thank you . he pat bogdan on the shoulder . outside , ine hurry out of the hotel and climb into the back seat of the car , next to winfry . she kiss he on both cheek . ine ( in german ) wow , what a long day , right ? winfried yeah , well , sure , you have to work . ine yes . winfried I have really invade you here , huh ? ine how long be you actually sit there ? winfried Three hour . I be not even sure you have recognize I . ine yes , I do , but that be the entire romanian board of dacoil . how be everything with anca ? winfried they be all terribly nice to I . winfry nod towards bogdan . winfried the driver , too . ine nod and smile tensely . ine conradi so listen , concern this event tonight : it 's a business reception give by the american embassy . there will be speech , appetizer , small talk and that 's it . ine look at she cellphone and reject a income call . winfried great . can I go like this ? he 's wear dark - color jeans , a shirt and walk shoe . ine try to gloss over the problem . ine yeah , that 's ok . winfried there 's a great football match today , too . if bogdan drop I somewhere ... I will have a beer . ine but I have already arrange this now . winfry quickly take he false tooth from he jacket pocket and put they in he mouth . winfried I just be not sure whether it 's really ok for you and the ambassador ... ine be you interested now or not ? he take the tooth out again . she look at the entrance . other people be already go inside . winfried of course . I think it 's amazing that you be take I with you . I have never be inside a embassy before . ine that 's a hotel . winfried oh , right . ine just one last thing : after the reception , if there 's achance to have a drink with the ceo , henneberg , we client , I have to go alone , ok ? I be fight right now to get we contract extend . winfried yeah , of course . no concept make sense without the client . ine you can say you be my father , but maybe that you be tired because you have do so much sightseeing , or something . winfried but I also do not mind if you tell they I be you grandma . ine and winfry get out of the car . int . - HOTEL lobby - staircase - evening ine and winfry enter the lobby of a large communist - era hotel . winfry look around with interest . ine walk purposefully to the table where the guest list be and procure two wristband . guest hurry up a staircase . ine realize that the speech have already begin . she glance quickly at she phone . then she and winfry walk up a grand , communist - era staircase towards a room in which a speech be already be hold . int . - HOTEL ballroom - night ine and winfry slip into the ballroom , which be full of people . bar table be light in the color of the U.S. flag . people be clap , and ine join in without know what be just be say . U.S. ambassador but this be still not the answer to this simple and serious question : why Romania ? and as a ambassador in this country one must have a good answer to that . and I have one : Romania offer significant opportunity to american business with product , service , or technology that either meet grow private demand or contribute to the country 's development priority . ine look around discreetly and , once again , clap along distractedly with everyone else . most of the guest be businesspeople of various nationality . the ambassador say a few word in romanian and then bring he speech to a close . U.S. ambassador ( cont ’d ) lady and gentleman , the buffet be open ! int . - HOTEL ballroom - night the speech be over , and the guest move towards the buffet . ine look around and eye a group of businesspeople . winfry look at a man he think he recognize . winfried hey , that guy look like tiriac . ine look half - heartedly towards the man in question . ine yeah , maybe . could you grab we something from the buffet ? winfried ok . ine watch as winfry walk to the buffet . she 's glad to have he occupy . she edge towards the businesspeople ( vermillard , dascalu ) . she shrewdly wait until a opportunity present itself , then home in on henneberg , a man age around 60 , and shake he hand . ine we third time today , finally ... good evening . henneberg yes , good evening . ine that be a fascinating speech ... henneberg yes , we be not where we want to be yet , but Romania have really show great economic strength in overcome the crisis . henneberg glance at the other people lining up to speak to he . ine I look at we business case again . and I be optimistic that we will be able to make a well - found statement on Monday . without really have listen , henneberg turn and gesture at a pretty , Russian - look woman ( natalja ) age around 40 . henneberg natalja , here be you specialist . I be sure Ms. conradi can help you . natalja so nice to meet you . ine do not know what this be about , but nonetheless she 's pleased that she 's be draw in so quickly . henneberg she need to do some shopping tomorrow . ( to natalja ) Ms. conradi work in bucharest for ... how long ? ine it 's be almost a year now . you keep I busy . henneberg so I guess you can ask she any shopping question . the two woman shake hand . henneberg turn away to a new , far more interesting conversational partner - mr. myer , a american . natalja I be sorry for this . | be sure you be busy , but ... ine no , it 's ok . natalja we have this wedding in Moscow this weekend . and I still need some present . ine be still look at henneberg , who have now be accost by dascalu . ine I do not do too much shopping here myself , but there be several big mall . plus , there be a area with exclusive shop ... depend on what you need . natalja the mall be ok . I have only two hour tomorrow . ialso need child 's stuff , cosmetics ... in the background , winfry reappear carry two plate pile with food . he put they down ona table next to henneberg . ine why do not you give I you number , and I will scout for the best place and text you ? the two woman begin to swap they number . the other say goodbye to henneberg , the executive . he 's use to have people line up to speak to he , so he turn to winfry , assume that he 's next . henneberg good evening . winfried good evening . I be just the father . winfry nod towards ine . henneberg isee . the two woman be still talk . ine ( to natalja ) I have be to Moscow only once , but I really love it . I be so impressed by the bolshoi theater . natalja oh yes , it be a remarkable place . ine keep a eye on she father while she continue to listen to natalja . henneberg ( to winfry ) be you visit ? winfried yes . a totally spontaneous decision . I have never be to Romania before . henneberg then you just have a good introduction from the ambassador . they conversation come to a amicable halt . winfried I be actually here to negotiate with she . she 's hardly at home anymore , so I hire someone to be a substitute daughter . a really nice young woman . now it 's just the question of who pay she . henneberg can not help but laugh . ine be strain to hear what she father 's say , whilst also try to politely focus on natalja . henneberg that 's a modern solution . and be the other daughter better than she ? winfried the cake be better , and she cut my toenail . again , the executive can not help but laugh . winfry gesture towards natalja . winfried ( cont 'd ) but she 's not you daughter , right ? ine freeze . it be obviously a joke . the executive grin and shake he head , but then firmly say he goodby and turn to someone else . natalja join he . winfry and ine be leave by themselves . winfry give ine she plate , which be full of small appetizer . ine say nothing and , for a moment , she seem despondent . ine he 's the ceo I tell you about . he 's a really important contact for I . winfried ok . criticism accept . ( refer to the food ) I do not know what you like . awoman ( tatjana ) interrupt ine from behind . she 's pass by , struggle to keep up with a group of chinese businesspeople . tatjana I be freaking out with this chinese wannabe investor . be you come on Monday ? ine yes , but text I where ... tatjana Da vinci , 9 p.m . ( quietly ) I do not know what to talk about . ine just talk about food . that always work . tatjana like '' what 's you favorite wan-tan ? '' I know nothing about chinese food . ext . - HOTEL lobby - night the reception guest be slowly leave . winfry arrive carry he and ine 's jacket . ine be still look over at the group surround henneberg ( vermillard , dascalu , myer ) . they be already make they way towards the exit . she and winfry also walk towards it . suddenly , henneberg be behind they and address winfry . henneberg ( in English ) want to join we for a drink ? he catch himself and switch to german . henneberg ( cont 'd ) we be go for a drink , if you have like to join we . what be you name again ? winfried winfry . henneberg also look at ine , but the question seem to be aim mostly at winfry . natalja join he , and she seem to be keen for ine to come along , too . winfried ( cont 'd ) thank you , that 's terribly nice of you , but I be too tired . I have do too much today . sightsee . ine ( in English ) but I would love to grab a drink . where be you go ? because it 's a international group , she 's switch into English . henneberg I think you father would like you to join he . henneberg say it so bluntly that it almost sound like he 's withdraw the invitation . ine ( to winfry ) come on , one more drink . the situation become uncertain , and the group be wait . winfried no , no , I have to sleep . I walk through the whole ... ceausescu palace today . dascalu ( with a romanian accent ) be it open again to public ? ine greet dascalu , a romanian manager age around 50 , with a handshake . the group turn to leave . ine ( to winfry ) come on . winfried ( quietly ) oh right , you want I to come now ? ine nod discreetly . ext . - da vinci ] lakeside restaurant - night a classy restaurant where foreign businesspeople meet and the romanian upper class flash its cash . the group sit on a terrace near a swim pool . a select group of people surround henneberg : natalja , winfry and ine along with three further businesspeople , M. vermillard , Mr. myer and dascalu . they all appear to be manager or business partner of dacoil . winfry have a large glass of beer in front of he . the other be more refine , with glass of wine and champagne . henneberg bring you wife next time ... and spend a weekend . the sea be very close and there be good french private school . Romania be a lot better than its reputation . you can have a good life here . he 's address the french businessman , vermillard , who will soon take up a post in bucharest . vermillard I see some house today . I be already convinced . natalja be sit next to ine . ine ( to natalja ) where do you live ? natalja I live mostly in Frankfurt and France . ine how nice ... natalja I really like Frankfurt . I like country with a middle class . they be relax I . ine ( in german ) I totally understand . ine pick up a piece of octopus carpaccio and try to give some to winfry , but he refuse . ine ( cont 'd ) try something different for a change . winfried you know I . ine focus on the conversation . myer but the crazy time be over . henneberg there be still a lot of potential . I just tell Van rompuy , let Romania in be one of the rare EU decision that be actually good . you just have to change the corporate culture . vermillard ( to henneberg and dascalu ) tell meat bit about the young romanian manager generation ? dascalu be about to respond when henneberg turn to ine . henneberg she be the specialist . she have all the insight . for a moment , ine be surprised that he 's defer to she on such a pertinent question . ine so , when I start here I be really surprised . almost everyone do a master 's degree abroad , speak several language . they be all very dedicated . I would even say most of they have a very international way of think . which be great . ine 's English be so perfect that she could be mistaken for a american . the way in which she speak be self - confident and to-the-point . dascalu , the romanian manager , interrupt she . dascalu but they do not understand Romania any more . they be faster than the rest of the country , they do not want to stay here . I do not believe very much in a international perspective . ine I be just try to say that knowledge be international . | totally agree with that , too . dascalu romanian knowledge run deep . take a look at we oilfield . it 's not clear how ironic he 's be . to be safe , ine laugh . winfry be listen distractedly to a mediocre pianist . vermillard ( to ine ) what exactly be you do in dacoil ? ine lama consultant at morrison . we be work for dacoil evaluate if it will pay off to outsource some service . dascalu frown briefly , and henneberg notice this . henneberg ( in german ) interesting how you describe you job . his tone be cut . ine ( in german ) I be sorry , please say it in you own word . henneberg ( in English , to the group ) she be evaluate a way to improve we maintenance service . we see outsource as the last option of many . ine I be sorry , this be what I try to say . for a moment , the group fall silent . henneberg but she father have a great business idea for Romania . he hire another girl at home to be he daughter . because this one be never there and he need somebody to cut he toenail . everyone laugh slightly . ine , too , bravely laugh along . henneberg check he watch . winfry put the false tooth in he mouth and quietly mutter at henneberg . winfried do not you dare steal my idea . he very quickly put the tooth away again . winfried ( cont ’d ) sorry , I like to make joke . henneberg laugh indulgently , but it 's clear that he 's now dismiss winfry as a total madman . winfried ( cont ’d ) ( in german ) no , we be incredibly proud of she . what she do here ... and stuff . ine smile , try to rise above the situation . henneberg gesture at a waiter to bring he the check . henneberg stand up and shake hand with everyone . now that henneberg be go , the rest of the group immediately dissipate . dascalu follow henneberg . the belgian and the frenchman talk for another minute . the waiter bring winfry another beer . ext . - da vinci ] lakeside restaurant - night ine and winfry now sit alone at the otherwise empty table with winfry 's beer . ine remain silent for a while try to cope with she anger . ine why do you do stuff like that when I have explicitly ask you not to ? winfried I somehow have to make it clear to he that it be a joke . what exactly be '' outsource '' again ? ine it 's when you transfer work to another company . he want to transfer the maintenance of the oil installation to another company . winfried so what be wrong with that ? ine ijust should not have let it slip out ... he want we to prove that it 's precisely the right thing to do , but he do not want it to be he idea - so he can pin the responsibility on we if he need to . she do not want to talk about it . winfried and ... what be you responsible for ? ine dad , this process mean hundred of employee be transfer and later laid off . this kind of decision be unpopular , so he need to be able to blame someone else . then you can read in the paper again that some consulting firm have ruin something . winfried it 's incredible the kind of decision you be involved in make . ine again : I do not make any decision . I just do the calculation . you know that . winfried I be not criticize you . I just want to understand it . what this project be about ... ine how long be you plan to stay ? winfried I take a month off . ine freeze for a second . winfried ( cont ’d ) that be real fear . int . - ine 's apartment - guest room - night winfry sit on a freshly - make sofa -bed , digging in he suitcase . he swallow a couple of pill from he new pillbox . the room 's decor be impersonal . ine step into the doorway and watch as winfry take a bag from he suitcase and try to smooth out a gift 's crumpled wrapping paper . from it hang a photo of willi , which he quickly remove . int . - ine 's apartment - live room - night in the live room , winfry put a sausage from he local butcher , a bottle of riesling and a packet of aachener printen gingerbread cookie on the table . ine quickly take a final look at she laptop , which be also on the table . the live room open out onto a large roof terrace . the whole place seem sterile and a bit american : the kind of luxury you can find anywhere in the world . only a few object hint at the fact that we be in Eastern Europe . ine ijust have a massage tomorrow . after that , I will show you bucharest . winfried ok , but only if it suit you . so , here 's you present . if you do not like it , throw it away . ine thank you ... why do not you wait and come on my actual birthday ? winfried I do not know what you plan be . ine unwrap the gift and pull out a expensive designer cheese grater . in m h ss oh , wow ... winfried that 's a really good cheese grater . a french one , from designo . ine put the grater to one side and fold the wrapping paper . winfried ( cont ’d ) I just happen to walk past the store . it always annoys I when the parmesan be so hard . there 's something in that little roll , too . buy yourself a blazer , or something else ... ine you do not have to give I money . thank you ... she do not open up the roll of bill . ine ( cont 'd ) and who do you leave willi with ? www nfried well , willi ... willi unfortunately die . ine look at he confuse and in ) what ? when ? wi a couple of day in ) and what be with wi fluid on he lung : ine walk over to winfry ani in a bit shocked . S nfried ago . es rong with he ? nfried 's . he have have it for a while . d try to give he a hug , but he shrink away . es and why do not you even call I ? wi because I do not al winfry stand up and walk i : refrigerator . ine watch he . nfried iways have the time , either . nto the kitchen to put the grocery into the winfried ( cont 'd ) would you like 's in ) ome sausage ? es not for I , thanks ... winfry look for a knife to cut it up the sausage . the kitchen be barely furnish . int . - HOTEL pool area - day winfry wait on a lounger in the chic pool area of a hotel . he 's take off he shirt and roll up he jeans . ine approach wear a bathrobe and flop down on a lounger next to he . ine man , that be bad . I walk out . I be not pay 100 euros for someone to pet I . the spa manager arrive . spa manager we be sorry for the inconvenience . who be the girl ? ine a blond , skinny woman . spa manager mariella . I be sure she be sorry . there be a time slot in 30 minute with another masseur , dragos . ine just bring someone who beat I up ... spa manager can I bring you something to drink ? ine at you expense ? spa manager yes . ine oh , great , we will have two glass of champagne , two freshly squeeze orange juice and two club sandwich . the manager balk at the size of the order , but say nothing . he leave . winfried be not that a bit much ? ine no , it 's fine . my company spend so much money here ... it 's not as if he 's pay for it . www nfried you mother say you be in love . will the gentleman introduce himself to I ? in es oh , I just say that so she have stop ask I . wi but be youa bit in nfried happy here , at least ? es what do you mean by '' happiness ? '' '' happiness '' be a strong word . www nfried I mean do you have a bit of a life , too ? in like go to the www es movie or something ? nfried well , just do something you enjoy . in ) lot of word bu '' happiness '' and es zzing around here : '' fun , '' '' life . '' we should sort thing out . suddenly , ine give winfry a serious look . in es ( cont ’d ) what do you think it 's worth live for ? if you want to discuss t he big topic ? winfried I can not say that off the top of my head . I really just want to know in how you be do . es I know that . but then you should have you own answer . winfry consider , but can not come up with a response . in es ( cont ’d ) one day , I will explain to you how to ask question if you want to find something out about someone . the two flute of champagne arrive . they briefly clink they glass together . winfry put in the false tooth , flop back on the lounger , and drink he champagne with gusto . ine ignore he joke . ine tell I something about you . how 's grandma do ? winfried that 's a good sign , mar ’am . I be not at all sure whether you know you grandma be still alive . ine dad , I be tired of you joke . winfried why ? ine because | do not find they funny . ine 's cellphone ring . she look at the screen and stand up when she see who 's call . she walk away . the waiter bring the club sandwich . ine hang up and return to winfry . ine ( cont 'd ) shit , I have to meet natalja , henneberg 's wife . she 's at this mall . I be afraid it 's important . she start to pack she bag . winfry take another bite of he sandwich . ine ( cont 'd ) it 's actually way more interesting and romanian than the ceausescu palace . it 's Europe 's large mall and no one have money to buy anything . it will not take long . I will show you around afterwards . int . - shopping mall - viewing gallery - day winfry sit on a stool at a bar table and look out from a view gallery onto a ice rink . a group of child be try to skate with the help of plastic penguin . weaving between they be a couple of young professional who glide elegantly across the ice . a waiter bring the check . winfry gulp the dregs of he coffee and pick up he tatter newspaper . he stand up . the mall be a temple to consumption beyond anything find even in the USA : waterfall tumble over plastic cliff , a ice rink , slot machine and store . this element come together in a explosion of capitalist futurism . winfry walk past huge ice cream dispenser . next to they , a bored woman read a book . int . - shopping mall - day winfry walk along a row of storefront , search . he spot ine , who 's still talk to natalja in front of a shoe store . natalja see he first . ine follow she gaze and turn around . natalja I be so sorry , Mr. conradi . this be such a awful place ... ine ( in german ) you poor thing , you have to wait age . ine briefly put she arm in winfry 's . a man , natalja 's driver , silently appear next to they . natalja ihave to hurry ... thank you ine , you save my life . ine no , I really enjoy it . to prove she point , she hold up a shopping bag full of thing she 's buy for herself . natalja kiss ine on both cheek and disappear . ine ( cont 'd ) man , be it very terrible ? winfried be you really a human ? ( beat ) no , it be great here . I watch some wonderful ice skate . I go to lidl , too ... ine do you still want to do something ? go to the ceausescu palace ? winfried or go home ? int . - ine 's apartment - OPEN - plan kitchen - night back in the apartment . winfry stand the kitchen , where he 's start make spaghetti . he chop a onion and look at ine , who 's on she phone on the roof terrace . she come back inside and sit down in front of she computer . winfry put a glass of red wine down next to it . in m h ss thanks . winfried be you hungry yet ? everything ok , spaghetti ? winfry rub she neck . in no , not yet ... m h a winfried sorry for my stupid comment earlier . ine what comment ? winfried whether you be a human . ine it 's ok ... it 's obvious you would think that . I be go to take a short nap . I might have to show the hennebergs a new club later , but not till around midnight . she disappear into she bedroom . int./ ext . - ine 's apartment - kitchen - roof terrace - night winfry stand in ine 's kitchen , cooking . out on the roof terrace , he set a table that 's otherwise never use . he put the salad and spaghetti on the table . int . - ine 's apartment - ine 's bedroom - night winfry open the door to ine 's bedroom . ine be fast asleep . he call to she , but she do not react . he kneel down next to she and touch she shoulder , but she 's sleep deeply and soundly . he look at she sparse possession . next to she on the bed be a threadbare little corduroy pillow that he seem to recognize . he close the door again . int. / ext . - ine 's apartment - terrace - live room - night winfry stand on the roof terrace . he pick up he camera and take a photo of the ceausescu palace , which be visible in the distance . then he photograph part of ine 's apartment . he look at a pile of book and pick up one that 's lie on top . it 's a best - sell self - help book about charisma . he walk back to the terrace , sit down alone and start eat and flick through the book . int . - ine 's apartment - ine 's bedroom - day the next morning . winfry en! wake she . www ter ine 's room wear pajamas . he cautiously nfried so , it 's get - up time now . ine sit up . wi I be start to in ) what time be it ? wi nine-thirty . you nefried ( cont 'd ) think you be dead . m h S nfried sleep for age . ine hurriedly grab she blackberry . ine what ? why do not you wake I up ? winfried you be so fast asleep . ine I think you want to wake I up for dinner . winfried I try to . ine shit ! she walk past winfry and out of the bedroom . int. / ext . - ine 's apartment - kitchen - roof terrace - day ine pull she cellphone from its charge . winfry follow she uncertainly . ine ihave four miss call from they ! you tell I you be make something to eat . winfried I think you need the sleep . or that you would set a alarm . ine do you know what this could mean for I ? I have a presentation on Monday that I have work on for week ... I be not do this for fun . I can not afford to just stand up someone like he . ine grab the charisma book from winfry and put it away . she look frantically at she cellphone . winfry sit down at the table , which he have lovingly set for breakfast . winfried I just do not know if you be always do as well as you say you be . ine dad , this be go to sound cruel , but ... even if I want to jump out of the window , you and the cheese grater would not be the combination to stop I . winfried ( quietly ) no , of course not . ine do you have any plan in life other than slip fart cushion under people ? winfried ( quietly ) I do not own a fart cushion . ine I know man you age who still have ambition . but who care ? ine slowly sit down at the table . winfry pour coffee for she . int . - ine 's apartment - guest room - day winfry stand in he room , pack he suitcase . ine come and hand he a bottle of shampoo he leave in the bathroom . winfried ( mumble ) anyway , it be still really nice . now I know the kind of thing you do here . ine yeah , and let 's fix a date next time . then I will have time . ine turn away to fold up the sofa-bed . she shake it because it 's refuse to fold . suddenly , she scream in pain and pull the sofa abruptly upwards . she 's catch she toe in it . her pain be extreme . she look at she toe in shock . right away , a pool of blood form underneath the toenail . winfry inspect she foot . winfried it 's definitely not break , though . the doorbell ring . winfried ( cont ’d ) I could pierce it to release the pressure . ine no , I will wait first ... she stand up and suppress the pain . whatever happen , she want winfry to leave . int . - ine 's apartment - hallway - elevator - day hobbling , ine accompany winfry to the door , where he suitcase be wait . he hang a travel pouch around he neck with he plane ticket inside . ine press the elevator '' call '' button . winfried but I can not leave you here like this . ine it 's not that bad . well , then ... bye . they hug briefly . ine ( cont 'd ) call I if anything 's wrong . winfry nod . winfry and ine stand in silence , wait for the elevator to arrive . the elevator arrive and winfry disappear into it . int./ ext . - ine 's apartment - hallway - roof terrace - day ine hobble onto she roof terrace and look out over the edge . the building be tall , and she father be visible only as a tiny figure . he look up and spot she . he stand still for a moment , as if he 's forget something . then he wave at she . she wave back . suddenly , tear start stream over she cheek . ine start sobbing and watch tearfully as the taxi disappear around a corner . int . - ine 's apartment - live room - kitchen - night it 's now get dark . ine be wear pajamas and drink wine . with the concentration of a actress learn line , she rehearse and refine she presentation . her '' performance '' stand in stark contrast to the image she project in she pajamas . she tweak certain word and we notice that she 's hone she intonation . as she murmur about EU regulation and economic viability , she walk to the refrigerator . she try to ignore she painful foot . she find the leftover spaghetti that she father have carefully cover with plastic film . next to it be the cheese grater . she take a piece of parmesan , walk back to she laptop and start to grate the parmesan onto the spaghetti . she coil the spaghetti absent - mindedly around she fork and eat hungrily while she surf the internet . ext . - STREET in front of ine 's apartment - day ine wait in front of she apartment block . she 's wear a suit and type something on she blackberry . we hear notification sound as she send email . she take off she shoe and put she foot down on the asphalt . a woman sit on the street opposite she , try to sell two bunch of flower . a child approach ine and offer she a packet of kleenex . she give the child a bill and explain to he that she will not give he something every day . there 's a honk . ine slip she shoe back on , hobble towards a dark - color sedan car and climb into the back . int . - ine 's car - journey from apartment to dacoil - day ine 's boss gerald ( late 40s ) and tim ( late 20 ) , a athletic-look young consultant , be already in the car . ine sit next to Gerald . gerald bucuresti ... Tim turn around to ine and smile at she . ine good morning . be you on the same flight ? gerald no , I be in Zurich . and how be it with henneberg ? ine a bit annoying , because I have to go shopping with he wife for three hour . but we have dinner and I put out my feeler . my impression be that he 's become more cautious of outsource , or that he have new opponent ... that topic definitely cause tension . gerald ok , that come as a surprise . ine so I rework the presentation , and I think we should definitely -- tim use a softer touch ? Tim be keen to join in and score point with Gerald . ine pause and smile at he . ine can I finish what I be say ? Tim bite he tongue . ine ( cont 'd ) I think we should go on the offensive . I think he 's hope we will decide for he , that we will emphatically order it . I think he can not be a active proponent . so I would like to present three option . a full outsource in all asset - essentially a radical cut . then we option in the middle which , in contrast , look realistic and almost harmless . and a minimal solution in just one pilot asset that change practically nothing . gerald ok . I be surprised . first of all , | think it 's difficult to change the strategy so close to a meeting . where do you eat ? ine Da vinci . gerald right now , I be not convinced ... ine argument number two be Iliescu : we have to make the point that he 's block we . at the end of the day , all the figure from buzau be flaw . for a clear business case , we have need much more from Illiescu . every other table be incomplete . ( to Tim ) I be not criticize you , but we can not make a clear statement anyway , so that 's why we need : three option . tim ok . it take a while until Gerald answer . gerald Illiescu be not a issue for the steering committee . we will put this in a comfort zone . the three option be ok if you really feel confident . ine absolutely . the final point be dascalu . thing be still difficult with he . I think we should involve he more . also because of Illiescu . he have the best rapport with he . he will definitely be we opponent . gerald be that little anca go to be there today as well ? ine yes , she will be click the powerpoint . ext . - STREET in front of dacoil office - day the car pull up near dacoil 's office building . Gerald get out . tim do you want I to be there ? ine I think it 's better if I do it alone . let 's talk about that in a minute ... tim ok . ine 's foot be extremely painful when she stand on it . ine everything 's ok . ine nod . they walk towards the office building , adjust they suit in preparation for a brief moment of performance . ine make a effort to walk normally despite the fact that she foot be still very sore . int . - dacoil office - bathroom stall - day ine kneel on the floor of a toilet stall . in front of she lie a open first aid kit . she take out a syringe and poke its needle aggressively into she toenail . with the pressure release , a fountain of blood shoot through the tiny hole . the blood spray into she face and onto she light - color blouse . ine sit up and need a moment to overcome she queasiness . she reach for some bathroom tissue and wipe the blood from she face , then grab she cellphone and dial a number . int . - dacoil office - bathroom - day ine exit the toilet stall . she 's now wear a unfamiliar blouse with short sleeve and a floral pattern . she pull she blazer on over it and look at herself in the mirror . anca exit another stall . she 's now wear ine 's blood -spatter blouse . anca be it ok ? ine yes . thank you . anca iam sorry . it 's not my best . ine no , it 's just because of the presentation . ( in german ) it 's a unusual color . ine glance at the blood-stain blouse anca now wear . anca I will just put my hair over it . ine look impatiently at she watch . they seem to be wait for something . anca ( cont 'd ) she be come . ( beat ) ( in german ) I want to ask , be you pleased with my work in general ? ine absolutely , I think you have really improve . I just think you should try to speak more german . anca I know , but it 's not enough for everyday use . ine one more minor thing : it 's really silly , but I do not like that smily in email . | know what you mean without they . anca I know . I be a bit addict . they be silent for a moment . anca why do not we go out , like all together ... the whole team ? to a club , or for dinner . ine ok . anca it could be nice , just for the team . ine look impatiently at she watch . ine thank you . !’ll think about it . the door open and flora , a young consultant wear very high - heele shoe and askirt suit , enter the bathroom . she appear to have run there . she take off she jacket and show ine she blouse , which be very girly and expose she back . ine no , this one be better . int . - dacoil office - executive floor - day ine follow ingrid across the tastefully - design executive floor of the office building . they disappear into a conference room in which Gerald and dascalu be already wait . she greet they both . int . - dacoil office - conference room - day a modern conference room . henneberg sit next to Gerald , dascalu and two further romanian manager , all in leather chair . ine stand in front of a powerpoint presentation . the table on the slide create pattern on she face . she 's alert , keep a eye on everyone in the room , especially henneberg . ingrid sit silently in front of a laptop and load the next slide for ine . ine for option one we assume that it will take one year for the implementation . the implementation cost , internal and external , will be around five to six million euros . the advantage of a full outsource be the contractor rate . we will have a strong competition result in lower rate . that 's why we will end with a ten-per-cent cost reduction in the first year . dascalu I doubt very much that we will have such strong cost reduction so quickly . it take year to transfer all we knowledge to the contractor . Gerald nod in agreement towards dascalu . it seem to be a tactical move . hennebers be listen very attentively , but let the other do the talk . ine I totally agree with you . we surely need to go further into the detail of each scenario . ( to ingrid , in german ) ingrid , switch to the next slide , please . ingrid load a new slide . ine ( cont 'd ) option two will take about ten month with significantly higher contractor rate . option three take eight month with even higher contractor rate . dascalu there be no way in which you can outsource any maintenance service in only ten month . this be impossible . this be more than ... ( address one of the dacoil manager in romanian ) how many employee ? what do you think ? dacoil manager approximately two hundred worker . dascalu plus , you have to consider high cost for supervision and training from we side too . I do not see they there . ine what I also think what we should put into account be that dacoil do not even realize international hssr standard in all asset . so we do not have a business case yet . but a very strong trend . you all agree that the implementation of any option will not be do faster than one year , which be also in line with hr . so we know that the main driver be the contractor rate and I know they . henneberg this be my experience , too . gerald absolutely . ine so as soon as | have realistic figure of the personnel we can guarantee a positive business case for option two and even for option one . dascalu shake he head slightly . dascalu nod . dascalu option one be not possible . gerald ok , I absolutely agree with Mr. dascalu that there be many open question . there be a lot that need to be analyze in more detail . but I would like to support Ms. conradi . from my point of view at least option 2 be necessary . the big picture will not change and be absolutely in line with my experience from other country . thank you , ine . ( address henneberg ) so now we need direction , titus . henneberg gent , we really need a waterproof and positive business case before we can start anything . what you be propose , speak of option one , would be a heavy change for we operation . option two seem more realistic to I at the moment . that also need to be verify legally . we all know how difficult this process will be regard the union . gerald absolutely , titus . henneberg we have to think carefully and we need to go into more detail . but it be a very interesting proposal . gerald ( to henneberg ) at the end of this month , we should have all calculation do . ine sorry , but I think we cannot promise anything as long as the cooperation with buzau will not work better . Gerald be briefly take aback by ine 's frank interjection . ine look at dascalu . ine ( cont 'd ) I would like to sit down with you , Mr. dascalu , to discuss how we can work more closely together with Mr. Illiescu . dascalu wait a little too long before answer . dascalu I will see what I can do . henneberg ok , gent , get this solve . I think we be do . thanks a lot . henneberg stand up and swiftly say goodbye . he be itching to leave , anyway . Gerald and ine stay behind and ingrid be also still in the room . the powerpoint now display the company 's logo with the slogan '' performance deliver . '' ine so ? gerald I do not like that you do not stick to the plan . the Iliescu thing be not exactly elegant . the next step be clear . but please inform I if there be any more problem . ine ok , I will . gerald but otherwise ... well do . you be a animal , ine . ine thanks . ingrid can | pull up the screen ? ine yeah , sure . int . - dacoil office - kitchenette - day ine walk through a modern , open office . she find Tim in a little kitchenette . Tim fumble with a coffee machine . ine lean next to he . ine come on , do not be offended . be happy you be not there . tim I be not offended . ine to quote Gerald : it 's all include in you price . tim yes , but Gerald 's price be different to mine . what be you do tonight ? ine I be meeting steph de boer and tatjana . tim woman 's group ? ine yeah , exactly . we talk about gender quotas , sexual harassment at work , thing like that . ext . - da vinci lakeside restaurant - parking lot - night ine get out of a taxi and walk through a landscape garden towards a well - light restaurant . expensive car crowd the private parking lot . guest come and go . the restaurant appear to be popular . ine have apply heavier make - up and be wear high - heele shoe . int . - da vinci ] lakeside restaurant - night ine enter the lakeside restaurant in which she previously have dinner with henneberg . two female front of house staff ask she for she reservation . the restaurant 's decor be clearly intend to exude a air of luxury . people sit at table or wait at the pack bar for they reservation : foreign businesspeople mix with rich romanian clad in polo shirt and gold chain with they skinny girlfriend in high heel . ine spot two woman who have already snag bar stool : tatjana ( 38 ) , the dutchwoman we meet at the embassy reception , and steph ( 45 ) , a american . ine hello . sorry I be late , but I have to get change after work . tatjana you look great ... ine thanks you . steph you work way too much , ine . ine I know , but it 's really busy at the moment . I have a big thing today ... tatjana wow . how do it go ? ine make a last - minute strategy change , but it go ok . steph do you check out the caterer ? I give she dariu 's number ... ine ( to tatjana ) be host a small party for my birthday . next Saturday . be you free ? tatjana how nice ... steph dariu be the best . ine ( to tatjana ) how be the night with the chinese ? tatjana ( to steph ) after 30 minute they be drunk and I sit there for five hour , listen to mandarin . but I sell one flat , at least . steph we be just fight over who have the most horrible weekend . ine oh , how be naple ? steph short version : naple be even dirtier than bucharest , and you can find much better italian food here in town . even the kid be die to get back . tatjana they should bring we a drink . ine actually , you weekend sound fun to I . I have the most horrible weekend of my entire life . ine sink she voice dramatically . ine ( cont 'd ) my father visit I spontaneously , without any warning . out of nowhere , he be there , wait in my office . pretend he want to bring I my birthday present . but actually he be have acrisis because he dog die . steph grimace . ine nod . ine ( cont 'd ) and henneberg be there and want I to go out with he and he wife the whole time . steph be henneberg still in town ? I should invite he to we relaunch . ine and my father be sit around make spaghetti and try to talk with I about the meaning of life . tatjana that 's why I like monday . steph , too , have lose interest in ine 's story . steph how be the new wife ? ine very Russian , very skinny , very blond . ine look around to make sure no one can hear she . steph better be careful . a older man sit next to tatjana have a bottle of champagne in a ice bucket . he adjust it , then lift the drip bottle from the bucket and address the woman . toni can I offer the lady a glass of champagne ? ine freeze as she recognize the man . he have long , dark hair and the false tooth be firmly in place . he just lisp slightly when he speak . tatjana look questioningly at she friend . tatjana do we want champagne ? tatjana look at steph and ine . toni please , I can not drink all this alone . tatjana sure , why not ...? Toni beckon to the bartender and ask for three glass . ine , who be stand diagonally behind he , have stop breathe . he 's wear a dark blue iridescent suit jacket with a stripe pocket square - it use to be he handkerchief . Toni look at he watch and shake he head . the tooth give he a outlandishly wild character . there 's clearly something not entirely genuine about he but , overall , he outfit somehow work . toni I be wait for Mr. tiriac for two hour now . tatjana lon tiriac ? toni yes . I be Toni , Toni erdmann . tatjana tatjana ... Nice to meet you , Toni . he shake hand with the woman . for the first time , he make direct eye contact with ine . Toni take the chair next to tatjana . the waiter bring the glass with the champagne . tatjana do you work here in bucharest , Toni ? toni yes , and no . I come here because of a famous dentist . he make all new . my tooth be too small . and always I want something more wild , more dangerous . it 's clear that he 's invent most of it on the spot . he smile . steph and tatjana be not sure whether to take the whole thing seriously . steph who be this crazy dentist ? toni the International Dental Design Clinic . steph ok . toni the doctor be italian . not a dentist . more a italian architect . tatjana so you be just friend with tiriac ? toni we play tennis together in Germany . tatjana interesting . Toni look at he cellphone . stuck to the back of it be a piece of paper with he own phone number . toni but he not answer the phone . he have a crisis because he ... ( mixing german and English ) his schildkréte die . he look at ine . she realize he hear what she say about he earlier . steph what 's a '' schillgréde '' ? ine ( quietly ) aturtle . toni he be cry the whole day . the turtle be very old . they spend 45 year together . ( again mixing german and English ) and then herzinfarkt . tatjana iam sorry to hear that . toni for I , it 's just a turtle . steph May | ask what you profession be ? toni my what ? ine ( in german , catch herself mid - sentence and switch from the familiar to the formal '' you '' ) dein ... ihr beruf ( you profession ) . toni I be a businessman , consultant and coach . tatjana what 's you focus ? if you say you be into coach ? toni my focus be life and style . the waiter arrive and speak to Toni . he point at a nearby table which be set for one . on it be a plate with a large lobster . winfry 's grocery bag hang from the back of the chair . waiter do you want to finish it ? toni ( again mixing german and English ) oh yes ... my hummer be wait . waiter ( to the group ) or do you want to sit together ? ine ( quickly ) oh no , thank you . the waiter point to a available table . waiter so , you table be free , too . the woman say goodbye to Toni . steph thanks for the champagne . tatjana so nice meeting you ... toni. they walk to they table . as soon as they be out of earshot , tatjana and steph start roll they eye . tatjana ( cont ’d ) what be that ? steph this tooth ... tatjana and the thing with the turtle . ine shrug . steph yeah , but some turtles can get really old . they sit down and reach for the menus . ine look distractedly at Toni , who 's inspect the lobster through he read glass . they eye meet . he briefly raise he glass of beer . tatjana ( to steph ) so who be come to you relaunch ? steph it 's go to be a bizarre mix of guest . Gabriel really invite everybody . New client , possible client . Friends , supporter , all the people from we charity work ... he even want all the driver to be there . tatjana that 's nice . steph I hope they do not feel uncomfortable . tatjana so you rent the whole player Club ? steph nod . she , too , look at Toni , who be now try to suck the meat out of a lobster leg through he tooth . steph oh , God ... that 's really disgusting . ine what 's disgusting ? steph just the way he eat . he be definitely not wait for tiriac . for a moment , ine seem to be annoyed by the way steph 's talk about '' she father '' . ine a lot of manager have strange gurus . steph yeah , maybe ... tatjana you never know ... steph start type something on she cellphone . part of she still wonder whether Toni really might be someone important . ine watch as a unknown man wear a suit and a bowtie approach Toni 's table . Toni look at he watch and invite he to sit down , but the man want to leave . Toni struggle with the lobster for another moment , then gesture at the waiter to bring the check . ine 's and tatjana 's starter arrive . Toni stand up and rap he knuckle on the woman 's table ( a depart gesture in Germany ) . toni ( mixing English and german ) ich muss ... my limousine wait . ( in german ) it be very nice to meet you . he look at ine as he say it . steph quickly whip out a business card and hand it with professional nonchalance to Toni . steph my husband run a headhunt company . if there be anything we can do for you or Mr. tiriac , we would be happy to . Toni gratefully take the card . steph wait for he to reciprocate , but he do not . he leave . tatjana laugh at steph . tatjana you be really a pro ... ine Excuse I . ine stand and pick up she handbag as if she 's go to the bathroom . ext . - da vinci ] restaurant - exit area - parking lot - night ine walk to the restaurant 's busy exit and stand hesitantly in the entrance area . a white stretch limo be park in the lot . Toni stand next to it , undecided . ine retreat behind a glass screen and watch as she father look towards the restaurant . then he pat the driver on the shoulder and really do climb into the limo . she step out of the restaurant and watch he leave . int . - da vinci ] lakeside restaurant - night ine walk back to she table . the waiter arrive and bring she a rich chocolate cake decorate with light sparkler . she turn it down , because she do not order it . waiter it 's from the man who just leave . he tell I to send he dessert to you . tatjana it seem like you have a admirer , ine . even though she 's be ironic , tatjana still seem to be irritate that the dessert be intend for ine . steph receive a sms . steph shit , he do not give I he card . Gabriel just texted . ( quote the message ) '' tiriac ! cool ! '' he want to invite he to the party . suddenly , ine start eagerly eat the chocolate cake . int . - ine 's apartment - night ine cautiously open she apartment door , as if there might be someone inside . she look into all of the room . she walk around , unsettle . she dial she father 's number again , but he do not pick up . she carefully open a closet . the apartment be empty . int . - office build - meeting room - day it 's early morning . ine have retreat into a glass - wall meeting room and be skyp with a middle - age man who seem to be some kind of coach . he 's have breakfast on the terrace of some lakeside hotel . ine the speak go well . it do not need any more work . I make good use of the space . I spend time in the room beforehand , too . coach and what about the breathe technique ? ine I do not need it this time . but I would like to do some more work on my body language . sometimes I lose control of it ... a woman flit across the screen . the coach murmur to she that he will be with she shortly . coach do you have a example ? ine it tend to be when I be listen . coach I suspect you be really listen in that moment . that 's noble , of course , but maybe you need to focus more on you own message . do anything surprise you ? ine not in term of the content ... but maybe the tone ... dascalu argue very aggressively . coach do it affect you on a personal level ? ine it might have do . coach maybe there 's some kind of imbalance with regard to you identification . you be only good when you identify yourself . identification be a important tool for you . but it 's a tool that you need to be able to set aside . Gerald knock on the glass door . he gesture at ine that he 's in a hurry , then enter the room . he know the man she 's skyp with and wave briefly at the screen . gerald can I grab you for a second ? ext . - office build - roof terrace - day Gerald and ine walk across the office building 's broad roof terrace . they pass a seating area set in a small , artificially - landscape garden . gerald ihave the feel the team be not so tight anymore . Tim think the same . think of something to boost the team spirit ... to prevent a gulf open up between the romanian and we . they have lose they morale , somehow . ine yeah , I think so , too . that correspond with my impression . I be hold a brunch for my birthday , anyway , so I will invite everyone then . gerald very nice , something personal . good . Gerald walk away from the building , as if he 's purposefully look for a secluded spot . gerald ( cont ’d ) we will work with the number we have and will not make a fuss about they . ine why ? gerald you idea of building up pressure through dascalu backfire . he and Illiescu will not be discuss we project . ine ok . why not ? gerald dascalu trust Illiescu and see no need to act . and henneberg want to keep dascalu out of it so he can negotiate with the union . suddenly , ine notice as she father , or rather Toni , appear some distance away and walk towards she hold a cup of coffee and a newspaper . ine so on what basis should I continue my work ? the transport data be all wrong . many more people work there . you can not cut enough staff here . gerald everyone agree with you on that one . the good news be : henneberg want you to do the radical cut . ine but that be totally unfounded . surely you realize it be all on the verge of speculation . above all , to sell such a big restructure , now I really do need precise figure . gerald this will annoy the feminist in you . but , to quote henneberg : '' Ms. conradi have enough charm to manage Illiescu by herself . '' ine I be not a feminist , Gerald . otherwise I would not tolerate guy like you . gerald I will take that as a compliment . ine watch tensely as Toni come closer . he hold he cellphone to he ear . he 's wear the same iridescent jacket . toni ( quietly , into phone ) Mom , I be work here . I can not talk to you on the phone the whole time . yes , I be take my med . and fruit . yeah , bye . he put the newspaper down ona bench opposite he and hide something underneath it . then he sit down on the paper , apparently by chance . nothing happen . Gerald look at he with bemusement , but then continue . gerald by the way , henneberg want to keep you here . he really believe in you . ine and what do you say to he ? gerald that I would talk to you . but that I think you will finish the project . ine and we deal ? gerald I know , of course . but we be talk one year max . then you can start at a whole new level in shanghai or somewhere else . ine I have hear that a few time before . I can manage bucharest just as well from shanghai . gerald that 's not realistic . this be you partner case . then you can choose where you want to go . ine can we continue this conversation somewhere else ? gerald the alternative would be to hand over to Tim . ine right . in the background , Toni sit down again on the suspicious newspaper , and a unnaturally draw - out farting noise be hear . dissatisfy , Toni stand up and do something underneath the newspaper . toni ( mutter ) that be not funny , though . ine I will think about it . now I would just like a coffee . can we maybe go back inside ? ine be about to leave when Toni address she . toni ( to ine ) I be just wonder where we meet ? what be you do here ? with Gerald there , ine have no choice but to answer . ine I work here . we be discuss something . we be about to have a meeting . ine walk towards the building . Toni walk alongside they . toni ihave to go inside , too . I be about to havea supervision with Mr. henneberg . they pause at the entrance to the building . toni ( cont 'd ) ( to ine ) I hope he 's a bit less stubborn today . he 's unbelievably frighten of the romanian and worried that he wife spend too much money . ine try to laugh . Gerald look expectantly at she , wait for she to introduce he to Toni , but she do not . gerald marburger . toni erdmann . do you use hand lotion ? Gerald shake he head , bewilder . toni ( cont 'd ) then it 's probably I . ine owe Gerald a explanation of who this guy be . ine Mr. erdmann be ... a freelance coach . Gerald be still bemuse , but it seem to be a explanation . ine ( cont 'd ) so I will be in touch with you again later , about the ... workshop . toni ok . gerald ( to ine ) aworkshop for we ? ine yes , it 's be consider . the idea be float ... toni ( in german-inflected English ) we see . if you willing ? gerald pardon ? toni willing ? you be willing ? ( in german ) oh , let 's drop the English . it 's not go so well today , after all . again , ine try to take control of the situation . ine that come from dacoil . it still need to be discuss . toni yes , | invent a program together with lothar matthaus . title : '' shoe and belt should fit together '' . ine give tonia firm and decisive handshake . ine ( cont 'd ) Goodbye . int . - office build - by elevator near roof terrace - day ine walk so speedily to the elevator that Gerald have to hurry to keep up . gerald what kind of a freak be that ? ine I will explain when we have more time . the elevator arrive and Gerald step into it . ine turn around and take she cellphone from she bag , as if it 's ringing . ine ( cont 'd ) I will be there in a minute . ext . - office build - roof terrace - day ine run back and look out onto the roof terrace . Toni be no longer there . int . - office build - by elevator near roof terrace - day ine run through a series of corridor , search . company employee walk pass she . she spot Toni , stop he just before he get into a elevator and force he into a corner . winfry immediately adopt he Toni pose and quickly put in he false tooth . ine listen , be you insane ? be you try to ruin I or what ? dad , I be talk to you . Toni look down and , for a moment , it seem like he might relent , but then he fish a business card from he jacket . he put on he sunglass . toni well , if this be about you father , I be not the right man . but if you want to work on you charisma , or if you notice you be talk to no - one on the phone , you be welcome to contact I at any time . before ine can say anything , he turn around and gesture at a man ina suit who 's get into the elevator . toni ( cont 'd ) oh , there 's my man . Toni greet the man and pat he on the shoulder . from the man 's reaction , however , it 's clear that he have no idea who Toni be . the elevator door close . ine look at the hand - draw business card . all it say be '' T. E. - Toni erdmann '' and he phone number . employee walk pass she . ine turn and walk back into the open - plan office . int . - marriott HOTEL - staircase - day ine walk up the stair in the Marriott Hotel . she 's wear a tight - fitting dress and have tie she hair up . int . - marriott HOTEL - corridor and entrance to room - day she continue along a broad corridor with a blue carpet . as she walk , she re-apply she lipstick . she stop by a door , tiredly straighten up and knock . Tim open the door . he 's shirtless and speak on he cellphone . int . - marriott HOTEL - bedroom - day ine enter the room and put down she bag . Tim come over to she , kiss she and pay she a silent compliment as he continue listen to someone on the phone . tim but a two - masted boat be a lot of work . I be not do that with a five - man crew . you can forget Daniel . he have to mix the cocktail . yeah , send some pic . he finish the conversation , put he phone on silent and come over to ine , who have flop down on a couch in the spacious hotel room . tim ( cont ’d ) this will be such a stupid sailing trip . ludwig now want to take a two -mast boat . he take off one of ine 's high -heeled shoe and start massage she foot . after a brief moment , he guide she foot between he leg . ine oh , so the may have not come yet ? tim no. only timidri ... romanian lover for you . ine laugh . he kiss she and , if he have he way , he have undress she right there and then . there 's a knock at the door and a quiet voice say , '' room service '' . Tim go to the door and open it . a hotel employee carry in a cake stand and a bottle of white wine . Tim put the cake stand on the floor next to ine and uncork the bottle . ine wow ... tim Gerald find out about we , by the way . ine so what ? tim he tell I not to fuck you too much so you do not lose you bite . ine aha . tim I tell he that 's why I fuck you . and today I be go to sleep with you in every corner of this room . Tim come over to ine and try to undress she . they kiss , but ine suddenly be not in the mood . tim ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? ine I will just watch you first ... I will try to catch up . tim hurry up , then . Tim unfasten he pants and try to undress ine . she flop back onto the couch and take a gulp of she white wine . ine I do not want to lose my bite . tim come on , do not be so serious . I will fuck you real strong . my sperm have superpower . ine can not help but smile at he nonsense . ine no , my bite be really more important to I . I would rather just watch you . Tim take she foot and massage he crotch with it . ine pull it back . Tim grab she breast , kiss she and try to ignore the fact that she 's not join in . ine ( cont 'd ) I want you to try to hit one of the petit four . Ill eat it afterwards . ine can not help but laugh . Tim be irritate , but too arouse to stop . he approach she again and kiss she , but she remain resolute and will not let he undress she . tim you be be serious ? yeah , ok . Tim start pleasure himself . tim ( cont ’d ) and which one , exactly ? ok , I be go to come now . Tim drop to he knee in front of she , really do ejaculate over the cake stand and then fall onto he back . tim ( cont ’d ) you be stupid . ine take one of the drip petit four and bite into it . Tim look at she in disgust and pull up he pants . he stand up and disappear into the bathroom . ine stay there , muse . she dig in she handbag for she cellphone and dial a number . ine ( into phone ) hello steph , it 's ine . sorry to disturb you , but I have get the number of the tiriac coach . yeah , I meet he again . it 's up to you ... but why not ? yes ! I be already get dress . I will text you . see you later . Tim return . he sit down on the hotel bed with he laptop and start scrolling through Facebook . ine flop down next to he . tim take a look at Gerald 's lady . what a mama . no wonder he 's fuck he way around this place . how can he be stupid enough to post photo of himself barbecue ? Tim click on a photo of Gerald , he wife and they two child . it 's a family barbecue in front of a modern house with the table set , a dog and child 's toy strewn across the garden . ine Men can really have a lot of fun . tim how come ? you fuck around , too . ine yeah , but I do not have a wife wait for I somewhere ... buy this salad , get my kid dress and take we dog to the vet . Tim take a closer look at the photo and spot the dog . one of its paw be bandage . ine ( cont 'd ) he just have this house somewhere and he can always go there . look closely ... have you ever see he look like that here ? tim I think he look frustrated . Gerald 's facial feature be like the mona Lisa 's . it 's difficult to say whether he look serious or be smile . ine let 's get go ... ext . - club - outdoor area - night the outdoor area of a nightclub . a pool be illuminate with kitschy light and surround by curve seating area , fake palm tree and pseudo - Greek frescoes . the reception be already busy . aperitif be be serve . tatjana 's husband 's headhunt company seem to be throw money around . ine and Tim greet tatjana and a couple of people we do not yet know . in the background , the host be be photograph with they guest in front of a curve backdrop . ine look around . suddenly she spot she father or , rather , Toni . he take a beer from a tray and also look around . when he spy ine , he raise he glass to she from afar . from a bar table , he take a bowl of nut and empty it into he jacket pocket . ine pull herself together and approach he . ine hello , Mr. erdmann . toni good evening . suddenly , both fall silent . Toni give ine a couple of nut from he jacket pocket . she take they . toni ( cont 'd ) so , have you calm down a bit ? ine be tiriac still come ? toni he say he be , yes . but today be the funeral ... for angelina . ine his turtle . toni exactly . Tim look over at they . toni ( cont 'd ) be I suppose to do something in particular here ? ine I want to give you a bigger audience ... Tim stroll over to they with a drink for ine . he clearly feel oblige to rescue ine from she current conversation . toni ( to ine ) let 's do it this way : if you say '' Rocky '' , I will hit he . Toni shake hand with Tim . toni ( cont 'd ) erdmann , pleased to meet you . Toni pull he hand away as if in pain . tim everything ok ? Tim laugh and Toni pat he on the shoulder . toni Friends , right ? Toni offer Tim a couple of nut from he jacket pocket , and Tim take they . from the way Tim position himself next to ine and briefly put he hand on she back , Toni realize that they have more than a professional relationship . toni ( cont 'd ) and what do you parent do for a live ? tim we have a car dealership . bmw . toni and do you call home now and again ? tim ah , yes . toni that 's good . you get another nut for that . only one . I need to save the other one for Mr. marburger . Toni gesture towards Gerald , who appear in the background with two woman . ine stand up straight . one of the woman be the receptionist from the office lobby . Tim bemusedly take a second nut from Toni 's hand . toni ( cont 'd ) you can learn a lot from you parent . for example , I learn from my father how to use a cheese grater . we pass this down from generation to generation . tim be it a special cheese grater ? Tim , who be practice in smalltalk , be try to take he conversational partner seriously . toni no , no , a very ordinary little cheese grater . question be : how you hold the cheese , the speed at which you grate . Tim can not help but laugh . toni ( cont 'd ) do not believe I , then . ( to ine ) do you like grate cheese ? ine sadly , I do not have the time . toni yes , you have to be incredibly relaxed to handle a cheese grater right . tense people often have difficulty . he mime a tense hand . ine ( to Tim ) Mr. erdmann be a freelance coach . we meet through he work with henneberg . tim ok . Gerald stroll over to they with two young romanian woman . he greet Tim and ine . gerald they be put on quite a show here ... tim no expense spare . Toni greet Gerald as if they know each other , and Tim stare at they . ine allow the situation to continue . Toni tap the knot in Gerald 's necktie . suddenly , ine see natalja . she quickly turn to Gerald . ine be henneberg still here ? gerald yeah , yeah . we just have dinner . at that moment , ine spot henneberg . accompany by steph , he 's move in they direction while shaking hand with a few guest . Toni follow she gaze and , for a moment , he shrink back to winfry size . toni ( mutter ) hopefully he will not drink so much today . then he set off , deliberately walk towards henneberg and patting he on the shoulder as he pass . at first , the executive do not recognize winfry at all . Toni mutter to he . toni ( cont 'd ) I be here incognito today . henneberg react confuse . henneberg oh , right . toni we will speak tomorrow . he grip henneberg 's neck . Gerald and Tim watch the interaction closely . as she pass he , steph speak to Toni . steph you have to meet my husband . toni yes , I just have to call my mother . ine take another glass from a waiter and turn away to avoid natalja and henneberg . Toni walk on and end up next to two woman ( ana and flavia ) who be struggle to hold they champagne glass and eat from they plate . Toni spontaneously take the plate from they . the woman laugh and try to take the plate back . Toni look at ine , who 's watch he from a distance . while Toni hold the plate , he exchange business card with the woman . Toni glance towards ine again . Tim be bob around she , ready to party . tatjana approach they both . tatjana car party ? tim absolutely ... ine ( in german ) I be not sure . I will come later . ( in English ) I will join you in a minute ... ine walk over to Toni , who 's still hold the woman 's plate . he gesture encouragingly at some remain salad . toni ( to ine , in german ) I be just learn a bit about romanian tradition . ine ( in german ) Mr. erdmann , we be go to the club and would love you to join we . flavia and which embassy do you work at ? toni ( to ine , in german ) translation , please . ine ( bemuse , in german ) in which embassy you work . toni ( in german ) in the german one ... ( to flavia ) in the german . I be ambassador erdmann ... and this be my secretary , Ms. schnuck . flavia I work in the parliament . I be something like a secretary too . toni Romania have a parliament ? I do not know that . flavia sometimes it feel like this . ine look over at tatjana and Tim , who be leave the club . Toni stack the woman 's empty plate on top of each other . toni je voudrais ... excusé . he pronounce it like '' I have to go '' . flavia and she friend Ana nod . Toni give they one of he business card and get one from flavia in return . ine have already walk a couple of meter away . steph pass she and , play the hostess , touch she shoulder briefly . toni ( cont 'd ) on telephone a causa des oeuf ! ine you just tell they you will call they about the egg . toni that 's exactly right . ext . - outside the club - night Toni and ine leave the poolside area and walk down a set of step towards a parking lot surround by nature . Toni follow a little behind ine . ine look around , look for something , and Toni follow she without know where they be go . they approach a suv which be park at the edge of a small forest . tatjana and Tim be already wait there . ext . - parking lot outside club - night the distant boom of a bass line compete with the chirp of cricket . the club be like a ufo land in a wasteland . where the parking lot end , dense undergrowth begin . tatjana have open the door to she dark - color suv with its light - color seat and , for a moment , a question hang in the air : what happen next ? tim ( quietly , to ine ) what be you do with that guy ? ine I think it 's fun . Toni sit down on the back seat of the car , in the open door . tatjana silently question ine . ine nod , and tatjana start prepare cocaine on a city map . she snort a line then hand the map to Tim . after Tim have snort he line , it 's ine 's turn , but she first offer it to Toni . he decline . toni thanks . my heart ... ine quickly snort she line . Toni look at the scenery . for a moment , everyone stand around , wrinkling they itchy nose and wait for the drug to take effect . tatjana start put make - up on . Toni point to some leftover cocaine that ine have miss . she do not want to scrape it up , so he dip he finger in it briefly and rub the cocaine into he gum . ine ( to Tim ) I tell he you be look for a coach . tim sure , I have so many problem with my boss , and I would like to become more successful with woman . toni you can not even pay for that . Toni point at a imaginary spot on Tim 's shirt . Tim look down and , at that moment , Toni tap he on the nose . tim haha . a moment later , Toni do the same thing again , and Tim can only laugh half as much . ine have now also start apply make -up . Toni reach into he jacket pocket and pull out a new little cheese grater and a piece of parmesan . he grate a little cheese onto he head . he shake himself . Tim laugh bemusedly . toni so , time to go inside , you make - up babe ! I be a public official . I do not want to get arrest here . as Toni walk past Tim , he once again tap he shirt and then he nose . this time , it seem more like a attack . tim enough already ! ext . - outside the club - night the group walk back towards the club . Toni walk next to Tim . toni ( quieter ) how be you bowel movement at the moment ? tim what do it have to do with you ? toni I work a lot with bowel movement . it 's like read tea leave . tim creamy . toni that 's good . this morning , mine glitter like gold . he pat Tim on the shoulder . they walk up some step cover ina red carpet . the bass get steadily louder , guide they into the club - the venue 's indoor section . it become clear that the poolside area where the reception be be hold be merely the outdoor section . int . - club - DISCO - night the club that now reveal itself be several time larger than the outdoor area . it have a aggressive lightshow , dancer , kitschy decor : it 's the kind of club you only find in Eastern Europe . they be lead to a plush seating area next to a runway . a couple of other guest from the reception be already sit in this VIP area . Tim take a bottle of vodka from a ice bucket and start pour . the dance version of Bob marley 's '' no woman , no Cry '' boom from the loudspeaker . the lightshow get more dramatic and the room go pitch dark apart from a few laser beam which shoot aggressively through the darkness . tatjana shriek and ine whistle cooly through she finger . they seem to know what 's about to happen . a dwarf climb out of a oversize cake , carry a larger - than - life lollipop on he shoulder . he 's follow by a line of dancer whose leg appear even longer in he presence . Tim pull out he iphone and start filming . the dwarf whip the crowd into a frenzy and the new girl start dance . the old dancer disappear into the cake . ine pour vodka for Toni as if she 's challenging he . ine everything ok ? Toni shrug and try to seem unfaze . Gerald arrive at the VIP area with the receptionist and another woman . he make a '' party '' gesture towards ine , and she reciprocate . her movement be self - conscious . Toni observe she from the side . she 's like a stranger to he . Tim film ine . she shift closer to Toni and make a '' victory '' sign . Toni copy she . ine laugh into the camera as if she 's pose with a amusing animal . everyone start dance . ine look at Toni . she know she 's show she father something that 's new to he . Toni start to move . for a moment , he seem young and agile . he copy the other 's movement , but the irony fall flat in the midst of the overall excess . int . - club - DISCO - night the VIP lounge have now fill up . tatjana , Tim and ine be still bob around the champagne bucket . the dancer on the stage make acrobatic movement . the show have become more lavish . a waiter arrive with a fresh bottle of champagne . toni I will pay for that . the waiter produce a electronic card reader and Toni rummages for he credit card in he tatter leather wallet . Tim start tear paper napkin from a holder and throw they in the air . tatjana demand that he unbutton he shirt further . tatjana it 's unfair . only woman and a lilliputian . Tim briefly fend she off , then start to enjoy show off he six - pack . a new song start . Toni sit down on one of the sofa and wipe sweat from he forehead with he handkerchief . he watch he daughter . he do not recognize she . Tim have grab the champagne bottle and be hold it between he leg while he dance from glass to glass . he come to Toni , who let he '' pee '' into he glass . Tim watch as Toni re-insert he false tooth and stand up . Toni pull out the cheese grater and start to '' help '' Tim by grate cheese into the champagne . tatjana pull she glass away . ine topple , sway , onto one of the plush sofa . only now do we realize how drunk she be : the effect of the cocaine have wear off . Tim dance onwards to ine , who suddenly seem very distant . Toni grate a little cheese onto she hair . Tim approach and dance around with the bottle at she mouth . ine dig in she handbag and take out two pill . Tim want she to open she mouth and wash down the pill with champagne . she push the neck of the bottle away . the joke 's go down so well that Tim carry on . he start to mime a orgasm . tim it 's a really expensive vintage . Toni grab the bottle from he hand . toni that 's enough now . ine stand up , sway . ine ( to Tim ) I be go . I have to go to buzau tomorrow . tim ( quietly ) come on , stay here a while longer . it be just a joke . should I come with you ? ine weakly raise she hand in farewell and then swiftly disappear into the crowd . it take tonia moment to realize she 's go . ext . - outside the club - night Toni run hurriedly out of the club . outside , several taxi be wait . Party guest be still come and go . Toni spot ine just as she 's get into a taxi . the driver hold the door open for she . she sway as she get in . Toni run towards she , but the taxi pull away . he , too , hurriedly look for a taxi . he fish a small piece of paper from he wallet and give it to the driver . int . - bucharest - taxi - night the taxi travel swiftly through night - time bucharest . Wide , empty avenue be flanke by impose socialist - era building from which huge , illuminate advertising billboard shine . Toni sit in the back seat and look out of the window . int. / ext . - STREET in front of winfried 's HOTEL - taxi - dawn the taxi pull up on a broad street in front of a hotel . it 's already get light . Toni get out and walk towards the building . a few people be already make they way to work . he take out the false tooth and put they in he pocket . int . - winfried 's HOTEL - bedroom - day winfry stand in a small hotel room . his thing be lie on the unused half of a double bed . he stand there for a moment , bewilder , then he leave the hotel again . ext . - bucharest street - day it 's morning in bucharest . winfry walk through the city . he seem uncertain about what he should do . he take he phone from he pocket and dial a number . no - one pick up . he watch as commuter get onto bus . ext . - STREET by bakery - day winfry stop by a bakery which sell its ware through a glass window . he join the line and point at a couple of soft pretzel . then he sit down in a doorway and eat . once again , he take he phone from he pocket and dial . no - one pick up . a elderly woman pass by and beg at he . winfry quickly stand up . ext . - STREET in front of ine 's apartment - day winfry turn onto ine 's street . int . - ine 's apartment block - stairwell - day winfry , now half - Toni , stand with a bag from the bakery in the darken stairwell in front of ine 's door . he hesitantly ring the bell . she do not answer . he ring again and listen . he pull ine 's apartment key from he pocket and unlock the door . int . - ine 's apartment - day it 's quiet in the apartment . he peer into ine 's bedroom - the bed be empty . suddenly , he hear a noise from the bathroom . he open the door of a large , build - in closet in the hallway and wedge himself in , still hold the bag from the bakery . ine exit the bathroom . she 's wear she work clothes again . she walk past the closet , notice that the door be slightly ajar and try to close it . something 's in the way . she open the closet and scream in mortal terror as she see there 's a person inside . Toni peel himself out of the closet . he be wear he tooth but not the wig . toni sorry , I be just check in on you . ine gasp for air . she 's speechless . she run at he and hit he with all she strength . he let she do it for a moment , then she flee into the kitchen . ine try to calm herself down , but Toni follow she . she reach into a pot and throw the remain of the old , leftover spaghetti at Toni . suddenly , Toni spring forward , grab ine 's wrist and fasten a handcuff to it . toni Ms. conradi , you be under arrest . they be now chain together . ine tug and pull at she hand , then , very suddenly , she change tack . ine open they up , please . I have a appointment . I be about to be pick up . toni it 's too risky . Toni take he handkerchief from he pants pocket and wipe the sweat from he forehead . he sit down on a chair and ine have no choice but to go with he . he stall a little longer , then reach into he pocket to get the key . he search but can not find it . he carry on rummage in he pocket . toni ( cont 'd ) I do not have the key . ine stare at he . he look at the handcuffs and confirm that they really be lock . ine open they up right now . toni I really can not find it . ine look down at herself . she 's not fully dress and she hair be wet . she walk away , pull on the handcuffs . Toni have to hurry to keep up with she and , suddenly , he seem like she captive . ext . - STREET in front of ine 's apartment block - day still handcuff together , ine and Toni leave the house . bogdan , the driver , be wait for they . ine bogdan , my father make a stupid joke . we have to solve this problem . bogdan look at the handcuffs and then nod . ine get into the car . Toni refuse . toni iam not she father , but ok . where be you bring I ? int . - ine 's car - STREET near market - day Toni and ine sit on the back seat of the comfortable s-class car as bogdan drive they out of the city . ine try to ignore Toni . both be still visibly feel the effect of the previous night . even though they hand be so close together , they be make a effort not to touch . the traffic edge tightly past run-down housing block . ext . - bucharest market - day ine and Toni follow bogdan through the darken hall of a sprawling market . Toni look around , but ine force he to hurry up . at a stand sell household goods , a young romanian wear a hoodie come to they aid . discreetly and with confident movement , he separate the handcuffs . Toni scream . the romanian laugh . bogdan give he some money . int . - ine 's car - freeway - day use tape from the first - aid kit , ine stick the handcuff to she arm so it 's not visible under she blazer . Toni look out of the window . the car hurtle along a freeway . the landscape be flat and empty . in the distance , a industrial area be visible . cattle stand under hoarding advertising german company . ine close she eye . int . - ine 's car - rural area - day the landscape have change . ine be asleep . it 's a poor , rural region . they drive across a bridge and overtake a horse -drawn cart . Toni look at it as they pass . the car turn onto a unpave road . bogdan turn around towards the back seat . bogdan ( to Toni ) please wake she up ... ine wake up immediately and start apply make - up . int. / ext . - ine 's car - in front of oilfield office - day the car pass through a security checkpoint and drive into a fence - off area . they pull up in front of the main building of a oilfield installation . ine get out . Toni stretch , plan to stay in the car . ine look tensely at the building . ine come with I . take that off ... Toni put the toupee in he bag and follow she . int . - oilfield - lobby - illiescuns office - day ine and Toni enter a office lobby . ine greet a secretary . ine good morning . conradi from morrison ... secretary please wait a minute ... the secretary disappear and a moment later she open the door to a large office . ine usher Toni in ahead of she . int . - oilfield - illiescuns office - day the office be spacious and some effort have be make to mask the fact that it 's in the stick . Toni have no choice but to follow ine . illiescu , a romanian manager age around 50 , greet ine . he 's surprised to see she 's arrive with company . ine introduce he to Toni . ine Mr. Iliescu , Mr. erdmann . the two man shake hand . ine ( cont 'd ) lam sorry for not get in touch with you earlier . Mr. erdmann just join nwg and as he be on a visit together with Mr. henneberg he want to get a personal impression of we project ... ine look at Toni , who have no choice but to nod . the secretary put a couple of can of cola down on the table . in he short - sleeve shirt , Illiescu seem more like a labor union type . as a adversary , he 's difficult to read : he and ine come from different world . ine ( cont 'd ) Mr. erdmann implement a similar project in one of the major Russian oil company ... Toni nod at Illiescu and start to feel he way into he role . he lean back . illesicu so , please have a seat . how can I help you ? ine he just want to listen ... get a feel for how we work together on this project ... ine take some out some papers and lay they in front of Iliescu . ine ( cont 'd ) so , first of all , | be look forward that the project be go to continue ... illiescu so ami , soamI ... ine and that we will work together much closer than we have so far . illiescu which be a pleasure ... ine as you know , I present you figure in we last steering committee . unfortunately , a lot of question come up about some of the data you provide . she look at Toni , seek he agreement . he nod . ine ( cont 'd ) I defend you work since I know that the thing we ask you to deliver be complicated , consider the fact that you be a very busy man . illiescu I be surprised to hear that there be problem . Mr. tamaric be in bucharest today . every now and again , Illiescu look at Toni . he be equally unable to read he . ine 's polished self - presentation be also something he do not encounter every day . Toni sense that Illiescu be be put under pressure . the more he grasp the situation , the more uncomfortable he , too , feel . ine it do not matter . | want to talk to you personally . it 's a complicated business case . because of that we have to decide if you have the capacity to work closer with we . or , if you prefer , we can send some of we consultant to work here in you office . illiescu no , I do not think that be necessary . ine turn to Toni . ine I would also prefer to try it this way , Mr. erdmann . Mr. Illiescu and I have know each other for some time now , and | think we will find a very good solution . she 's act as if it 's Toni who 's be pile on the pressure , and she 's now the one defend they collaboration with Illiescu . for a moment , no - one speak ... toni ( in german ) ok . if you think so . illiescu just tell I what you need . he look more closely at the list . ine we particularly need the monthly personnel cost in logistic by the end of next week . plus , we should think about do a new future manpower plan . illiescu ihave to check ... 1 do not know why you do not have that already . I will take care of it personally . ine thank you so much . illiescu ( to Toni ) anything more you want to know or see ? ine maybe Mr. erdmann could get a personal impression of the production ... int . - illiescu 's car - village STREET near oilfield - day Toni sit next to Illiescu in he spacious company suv . the car drive through a village , turn onto a unpave road and slowly struggle up the hill . the landscape become more barren . there be house , a graveyard and a old orthodox church ; behind they , oil pump appear . the oilfield extend right to the edge of the village . int . - illiescu 's car - road to oilfield borehole - day the car drive slowly across the rough terrain . goat walk around between the oil pump . Toni look out of the window . toni same like in Russia . outside , a chaotic array of oil pump stretch as far as the eye can see . the drilling seem like a infestation of the otherwise beautiful , hilly landscape . Iliescu make a detour to take they past a new oil pump . illiescu this be one of we newest pump . Toni nod . Illiescu pull up in front of a small hut . filthy dog lie in the shade . two sunburn security guard come outside . [ Iliescu roll down he window and shake hand with they . illesicu ( in romanian ) alo , alo ! avem nevoie de casti . avem ceva musafiri de la bucuresti . ( hello . we need hard hat . we have guest from bucharest . ) hard hat be pass into the car and Illiescu drive onwards towards a borehole . illiescu this be a part of we maintenance crew . we be close this drilling site ... ext . - oilfield - borehole - day a group of worker be in the middle of repair some part of a pump . ine , Iliescu and Toni get out of the car . a couple of the worker approach they , curious about the visit . they seem to be glad of the change . Illiescu introduce Toni to a worker who be clearly in charge of the operation . again , the word '' bucharest '' be mention . Toni confidently shake the man 's hand and straighten he hard hat . illiescu it 's the last of the drill hole that we will close ... we use a artificial lift system and hope to finish it by the end of the week . Illiescu seem to be seize the opportunity to demonstrate the quality of they maintenance work to ine . Toni look around and walk on towards the borehole . for a moment , he jokingly inspect a old pipe that 's lie around , then he go back to try to make a professional impression . Illiescu have follow he to see what he 's so interested in . aworker be busy repair something with he bare hand . his lower arm be completely cover in oil . Toni shake he head and point at the worker . toni but this be not good . Illiescu notice this right away , and angrily reprimand the worker . illiescu ( in romanian ) unde - it sunt manusile de protectie ?! asta nue reparatie auto , ce faci tu aci . ( where be you protective glove ? you be not repair you car . ) worker nu pot lucra altfel . ( I can not repair it any other way . ) illiescu atunci sa faca altul , care poate . ( then let someone else do it who can . ) the worker defend himself . Toni can not understand the exchange . toni ( to Iliescu ) please do not fire he . illiescu I will , I will . toni no , I say do not fire he . illiescu but I will . ( to the worker , in romanian ) iti risti locu 's de munca . m-ai intele ? ( you be risk you job . do you understand I ? ) Toni turn to ine . toni ( quietly ) please , can you just tell he not to fire that man or something ? ine that 's up to he . the more he fire , the fewer I have to fire . ( beat ) come on , that be pretty funny . they look at each other . toni ( to Iliescu ) please , it be just a joke . illesicu but you be right . he know we security standard . Illiescu approach the foreman and talk to he in the background . illiescu ( in romanian ) E raspunderea to . ( it 's you responsibility . ) foreman ( in romanian ) numai acuma nu si le -a pus . totdeauna isi pune manusi . be eu grija ... ( it 's just for this job . he always wear glove . I will take care of it ... ) ine watch Toni as he walk towards the car . ext . - oilfield - garden - outside house - day Toni stand still next to the car . he be visibly exhaust . some distance away , there 's arickety garden fence . he glance at ine and Illiescu who be stand at the borehole , some distance away . he walk through a break gate , look for a place to pee . this part of the property be overgrown . a sudden calm descend . cricket chirp . just as Toni 's about to unfasten he pants , he hear a voice and turn around . a elderly man walk towards he and greet he in romanian . Toni lift he arm apologetically . a teenage boy appear . the man gesture at Toni to go ahead and pee . winfry refuse . elderly man ( in romanian ) haideti cu mine ... sunteti de la dacoil ? ( come with I ... be you from dacoil ? ) Toni do not understand he . the man beckon for Toni to follow he . they walk a short distance further into a beautiful garden . Flowers bloom . a very modest house appear . part of it be cover in tarpaulin and renovation work appear to have ground to a halt . the man open a door and beckon Toni inside . Toni follow he up a small set of wooden step . int . - oilfield - house - vestibule - day they be stand in a small vestibule full of clothes and bucket in which food be store . Toni be about to walk further into the house when the man point to a toilet . he hand tonia roll of toilet paper , and Toni realize what 's on offer . on the lid of the toilet be a picture of a tiger . Toni point at it and make a hiss noise , as if the tiger 's bite he . the man laugh . Toni nod gratefully and the man close the door behind he . exhausted , Toni sit down on the toilet lid in the semi-darkness . it have a seat , but it 's really just a pit latrine . ext . - oilfield - outside house - garden - day Toni walk back through the garden to the fence , where the man now stand with the boy , Iliescu and ine . elderly man ( in romanian ) germania ? ( Germany ? ) illiescu ( in romanian ) Da , au venit pentru of modernizare . ( yes , they be go to modernize . ) ( in English , to ine and Toni ) I say you be go to modernize everything . the man nod respectfully at ine and Toni . Toni pull out he wallet and hold a twenty - euro bill towards the man . winfried only euros ... the man refuse : he do not want to take the money . winfry offer it to the teenager , who quickly put the bill away . teenage boy thank you . elderly man ( in romanian ) adu - i niste mere ... ( get he a few apple ... ) the boy disappear . Illiescu turn to leave , but the man start talk to he . he also address Toni , even though he can not understand . elderly man ( cont 'd ) ( in romanian ) ar trebui sa platiti mai bine ... stiu cat fi dais lei popescu . ( you should pay much more ... 1 know what you pay popescu . ) illiescu ( in romanian ) pai , pe terenul lui avem of sonda . Zi mersi ca- it dam cat iti dam . ( we have a drilling site on he land . be happy that we pay as much as we do . ) Illiescu abruptly try to end the discussion and again turn to leave . the boy return with a bag full of apple and give they to winfry . one apple fall to the ground and the man put it in winfry 's jacket pocket . winfry laugh gratefully and give the man a quick , friendly pat on the shoulder . toni do not lose humor . the man look questioningly at Illiescu . toni ( cont 'd ) please translate . illiescu nu va pierdeti umorul ... ( do not lose you sense of humor . ) ( in English ) I translate . when it 's repeat , the sentence suddenly just sound empty . ine be irritate by she father 's philanthropy . the old man laugh , briefly revealing he few remain tooth . they walk back to the car . illiescu ( cont ’d ) we give he some money every month but he still complain . he want a pump on he land . he do not understand that we do not need he ground . this area be mostly empty . Illiescu shrug , not without regret . int . - ine 's car - rural area - road to freeway - day Toni and ine sit in the back seat of she car . they drive through village that have die out . ine do not lose you sense of humor . I could not believe you tell they not to lose they sense of humor . that 's really cruel . toni ( quietly ) it be not about that . it be a nice encounter . ine he could really have use you tooth . ine open the center console and take out a beer . the car turn back onto the freeway to bucharest and accelerate . ine ( cont 'd ) how can we modernize that whole place if you pee you pants when only one of they be fire ? ( beat ) with every step you take , I can tell you how direct you economic connection be to this people . you pseudo - green attitude will not help you there at all . ine take a gulp of beer . Toni look silently out of the window . toni ( quietly ) take a short break , please . he close he eye and after a moment he start breathe very calmly . suddenly , ine no longer seem sure about what she just say . she rip off the tape she be use to hide the handcuff under she sleeve and lean back . she observe she father : his hand , gently clench in a fist , enclose the case for he read glass . it already have some age spot . ine slump down and can no longer keep she eye open . int . - ine 's car - road to flavia 's house - day the car drive through the outskirt of bucharest . apartment block alternate with art nouveau building . the car turn onto a dark side street . bogdan look outside , search . he turn around to Toni , who 's also awake and look out of the window . he 's once again wear the toupee with the long hair . bogdan it 's here . toni ok . thank you . he grope for he read glass and look at a business card . ine be sleep , slouched on the seat next to he . bogdan shall I drive she home ? toni yes. ext . - STREET by flavia 's apartment - entrance - day Toni get out of the car . he hesitates for a moment , then approach the apartment block and look for the correct buzzer . suddenly , ine appear next to he . ine what be this place ? Toni press the buzzer . bogdan join they and give Toni the bag of apple , which he would leave behind . a voice emanate from the intercom . voice ( in romanian ) Da , alo ? ( yes , hello ? ) toni Toni ... ambassador erdmann . there 's a buzz , and Toni push the door open . ine look at he tiredly . Toni disappear into a darken hallway . just before the door swing close , ine reach for it and follow Toni inside . int . - flavia 's apartment block - elevator - day Toni notice that ine have follow he . she hesitates again by the elevator . ine let 's stop this now , dad . Nonetheless , she get into the elevator . the door close and Toni press a button . they travel upwards . exhausted , Toni and ine look at themselves in a small mirror . int . - flavia 's apartment block - landing - apartment - day the door to a apartment stand ajar . noise drift out from within . a child peer around the door and shortly afterwards dorina , a pretty , elderly woman with curly red hair and a dramatic outfit , appear . dorina buna ... ( hello ... ) toni hello ... erdmann ... Ms. schnuck , my secretary . the woman beckon they inside . she gesture at a coat rack , but Toni and ine have nothing to hang up . Toni hold the bag of apple like a gift . dorina flavia ! dorina disappear along a long corridor . Toni and ine stay behind . the sound of a family gather reach they . ine please , let 's go ... flavia , the woman whose plate Toni hold at the party , appear at the end of the corridor and walk towards they . Toni give ine the bag of apple to hold . flavia oh , hello . you really come ... she 's genuinely surprised by the visitor . toni spontaneous decision ... only if we do not make problem ? flavia no ... sorry for my sister . toni Ms. schnuck ... you already know she . some apple from the embassy 's garden . Toni gesture at ine , who have no choice but to offer the apple to flavia . flavia thank you . flavia look at ine and Toni , try to work out what 's go on with they . flavia ( cont 'd ) please come in ... toni ( mixing german and English ) I dream ... | have diese vision von einem ei. how I would paint my egg . my Easter egg . he turn to ine . toni ( cont 'd ) ( to ine ) please translate . ine he have this vision of how he would paint a Easter egg . flavia oh , I see . please come in . ine require extra persuasion . int - flavia 's apartment - live room - day flavia lead the strange guest into a pack live room . numerous family member be loung with the child ona corner sofa , eat and watch tv . it 's not clear whether it 's a family party or the preparation for such a party . flavia quickly beckon Ana over . she 's the young woman who be with she at the headhunt company 's party . flavia ( to Ana ) you remember Mr. erdmann from the party . ana yes , hello ... Ana nod in surprise and look at tonia little warily . suddenly , winfry feel uncomfortable . ine smile politely at Ana and again resist the urge to leave . flavia do you want a coffee or a tea ? toni oh yes , that would be great . ine just a water . flavia we do not paint bukowina egg . but we can show you some ... toni ok . flavia beckon to she sister , dorina , the woman who open the apartment door for ine and Toni . flavia ( in romanian ) dorina , dansul este un amic care lucreaz ? la ambasada germaniei , iar doamna schnuck este secretara dansului ... vor si ei sa invete tehnica incondeierii . Le arati tu , the rog ? ( dorina , this be Mr. erdmann . we meet at Ana 's company 's party . he work in the german embassy and want to know a bit about the bukowina technique . ) dorina ok ... flavia ( to Toni ) my sister will explain to you . flavia guide they to a table . on it lie some egg which have be paint by child . toni wow , this be very beautiful . ana no , no , we just do it with the child . flavia quickly fetch a box from a shelf and take out a couple of egg . Ana switch ona strange little oven . ana ( cont 'd ) the wax should be hot soon . flavia come over with the box . dorina help she ; they take out a couple of very traditional - look egg . no - one really seem to know why the strange guest be specifically interested in the egg , but dorina explain in romanian anyway , before Ana translate into English . ana ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) in the first step , you paint a pattern with wax on the egg . after that the egg will be put in the color bath . so under the wax it stay white . toni translation please , Ms. schnuck . ine ( in german ) the first step be to paint the egg with a wax pattern . then it 's dip into a dye bath and color . the bit under the wax remain white . flavia come back carry two apron . toni shall I help in the kitchen ? flavia no , because of the color . I think you want to try ... toni ( mixing german and English ) yes , gerne ... Toni let they tie the apron around he . ine politely decline . flavia please ... sit down . flavia point to two chair . amongst the child 's egg , dorina and Ana find the one remain white egg . ana there be only one leave . dorina check the oven , which be now hot . ine hide she impatience : there 's no way she can escape from the situation without seem impolite . flavia I will bring the coffee . Toni sit down . dorina demonstrate painting something onto the egg use a point tool . dorina continue in romanian , hand the tool to Toni while Ana translate . ana with this tool you put the wax on the egg . it 's complicated . toni Ms. schnuck ... ine translate unwillingly . ine ( in german ) now you use it to paint something on the egg . Toni paint a crooked , drip line of wax onto the egg . flavia arrive with two cup of coffee and piece of cake . Toni hand the egg to ine along with the tool . toni it 's you turn now . ine reluctantly sit down . toni ( in german ) and take a few note , please . he take the cake and follow flavia into the live room . toni ( cont 'd ) and Orthodox Easter be when ? flavia on Friday ... but we come together before . on Easter everybody be at they own home . toni thank you that we can be here ... the cake be good . Toni look at ine , who 's be show how to dip the egg in the dye bath . she sit between the two woman , exhaust and deep in think , and let the romanian explanation wash over she . toni ( cont 'd ) ( to flavia ) we just come from the countryside . we visit a oilfield . flavia oh , really ? ine look at she father and flavia . the latter be now reprimand a young boy for irksomely hit the key of a keyboard . all of a sudden , ine stand up . ine ( to Ana ) iam sorry . I really have to leave now . it be very interesting . she walk over to Toni and flavia . ine ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) I be go now . ( to flavia ) ihave to go ... 1 be so sorry . toni can we play a song for you , just to say thank you ? we always do that . flavia ok , why not ? toni ( in german ) for once , let 's finish something politely . he sit down at the keyboard and start play . he repeat a intro phrase ... toni ( cont ’d ) me dame et messieur , mon secretary and I want to play a song for you . over twenty year ago she start to force I to play this song ... over and over ... he look at ine . she shake she head . toni ( cont 'd ) please give a applause ... to the fantastic whitney schnuck . a few people clap . Toni repeat the intro again and again , as if he 's wait for she . we recognize it as the start of whitney Houston 's '' the greatest Love of all 's . the guest look expectantly at ine . the pressure build . ine look at flavia , who give she a friendly smile . she find the courage to take a few step forward . once again , Toni start play '' the greatest Love of all . '' she start to sing . ine I believe the child be we future teach they well and let they lead the way show they all the beauty they possess inside ine deliberately start warbling in a slightly exaggerated way . ine ( cont 'd ) give they a sense of pride to make it easier let the child 's laughter remind we how we use to be the guest , however , remain serious , and the song become too complicated for ine 's performance to stay ironic . she have to focus on stay in tune and remember the lyric . she 's too ambitious to let herself sing badly . she 's seize by she anger towards Toni , and she want to show he she can do this . ine ( cont 'd ) everybody 's search for a hero people need someone to look up to I never find anyone who fulfil my need a lonely place to be and so I learn to depend on I ine glance at she father . he 's try to accompany she well . ine start to sing louder . ine ( cont 'd ) I decide long ago never to walk in anyone 's shadow if | fail , if | succeed at least I live as I believe no matter what they take from I they can not take away my dignity because the great love of all be happen to I I find the great love of all Inside of I a couple of family member start to shout encouragement . they seem to think it 's good that something unplan be happen . ine ( cont 'd ) the great love of all be easy to achieve learn to love yourself it be the great love of all she want to bring the song to a close , but Toni keep play . she join in again and sing even more intensively than before . ine ( cont 'd ) I believe the child be we future teach they well and let they lead the way show they all the beauty they possess inside give they a sense of pride to make it easier let the child 's laughter remind we how we use to be the lyric repeat at a more difficult pitch and the tempo pick up . ine ( cont 'd ) I decide long ago never to walk in anyone 's shadow if | fail , if | succeed at least I live as I believe no matter what they take from I they can not take away my dignity because the great love of all be happen to I I find the great love of all Inside of I she struggle with the difficult song , but rage carry she through . the guest have now fall silent . ine ( cont 'd ) the great love of all be easy to achieve learn to love yourself be the great love of all and if by chance that special place that you have be dream of lead you to a lonely place find you strength in love the song be over . ine flee the room . the family of stranger clap . Toni get up and follow she . int . - flavia 's apartment block - stairwell - landing - day ine have already descend the stair . for a moment , Toni think about go after she , but miss he chance . exhausted , he sit down on the stair . he take out the false tooth . he 's surround by several houseplant . the apartment have grow out into the hallway . he reach into he grocery bag and pull out he pillbox . he have not take any pill for day . he put the box away again . a mask on the wall catch he eye . it 's a large , black , furry head with a colorful bauble . flavia accompany two friend to she door and see Toni sit alone in the hallway . flavia everything ok ? you can play very well . toni what be this ? flavia a mask from Bulgaria . do you want to stay for dinner ? he look at he watch . toni ( mixing german and English ) oh yes , why not . the embassy be sowieso close now . he shrug at he bad joke . flavia sit down next to he . they sit calmly next to each other . toni ( cont 'd ) you know I be not the german ambassador . flavia yes ... | know the german ambassador . Toni can not help but laugh . toni I be so sorry . all this be fun . I be on holiday . visit Ms. schnuck ... she be my daughter . I come to see howit be here , how she life , but it be very complicated . flavia I know ... family . flavia nod she head towards the apartment . they look at each other . int . - ine 's apartment block - stairwell - apartment - day ine arrive at she apartment door . Three party service employees have carry everything to the door . ine let they in and stand disorientate in she apartment . she watch as two man and a young woman from the party service company put together a round dinner table , hang up floral decoration and methodically load thing into she refrigerator . ine make a effort to decide where everything should go . party service woman please be careful with the flammable liquid , and we mark the wasabi sauce . it 's super spicy . ine thank you so much . it look incredibly good . party service woman we will bring the rest tomorrow . and if you have any question , this be we emergency hotline . thank you for choose dariu 's cater . the woman hand ine a card . int . - ine 's apartment - bedroom - night ine lie motionless in she bed . her cellphone beep : she seem to be receive birthday greeting . she listen to a voice message , and we hear faintly as she mother and gerhard sing '' happy birthday '' and send she they best wish . she hang up before the message be finish . int . - ine 's apartment - kitchen / live room - day ine walk from she bedroom into the kitchen . she 's blow - dry she hair and pin it up , and she 's wear a chic , tight - fitting dress . its zipper be not quite close . she stand perplex in front of the buffet , then adjust a couple of item . she grope for the label that 's still hang from she dress and rip it off . she take out a fork , thread its prong into the zipper on the back of she dress , and pull it up . she take a bowl of fruit from the refrigerator and walk into the live room . everything 's in place for a casual buffet party . the food look very expensive . she adjust a few thing and then walk back into the hallway . she glance into the mirror in the guest bathroom . she fix she hair . the overly - tight dress be irritate she . int . - apartment - hallway - live room - bedroom - day ine take a pair of shoe from the closet in the hall and put they on . she have to hitch up she tight dress before she can reach the shoe . they strap be difficult to fasten . she walk back into the bedroom and look at some other clothes that be laid out on the bed . she try to take off the dress , but fail . she can no longer reach the zipper . she pull the dress upwards , but that only work incrementally . the doorbell ring . ine struggle to take off the dress . she pull it aggressively upwards and gradually fight she way out - it envelop she like a straitjacket . the doorbell ring again . she walk into the hallway , hesitates briefly then go ahead and open the door . she 's naked apart from a pair of flesh - color underpant . steph stand outside and look at she with bemusement . ine straighten up , surprised at she own courage . steph be I too early ? ine no , no , come in . steph give ine a gift , which she distractedly take . ine ( cont 'd ) thank you . steph walk into the live room . she 's surprised by ine 's nakedness , but decide to ignore it . instead , she comment on the buffet . steph wow , this be really nice . ine yes , I be very happy with dariu 's . they be really nice . I mean , it 's a super small event . steph yes , he be the best . ine ( in german ) do you want ... ( switch to English ) ah , do you want to drink ? what do you want to drink ? crémant or a sancerre ? steph sancerre ... ine walk tensely to the refrigerator , fetch the sancerre wine and pour steph a glass . steph ( cont 'd ) who be come ? ine basically my team from the office . steph great . New people . steph be now slowly start to feel uncomfortable about the nudity . ine try to open the gift , but that do not work . she put it down again . steph pick up the gift and try to open it herself . the doorbell ring . steph ( cont 'd ) iam also a last minute girl . shall I help you choose something ? I bet you closet be burst . ine no , thank you ... she look out of the window . she wait a little too long before she turn around . the doorbell ring again . steph ok , I open the door , and you get dress . ine no , it 's ok . ine take off she underpant and walk to the door . realizing that she 's really go to open it , steph quickly retreat into the live room . Gerald stand outside . it take amoment for he to realize , with shock , that ine be naked . he shrink back . he 's hold a bottle of champagne . ine ( cont 'd ) nothing 's wrong , Gerald . I just have nothing on . gerald ok . ine it 's a... a naked party . ine stand up straight . she 's struggle to stick by she assertion . Gerald laugh nervously and try to catch a glimpse into the apartment . gerald interesting , ok . ine it 's part of the team building . stupid idea , but I could not think of anything better off the top of my head . gerald ( uncertainly ) I know that kind of thing from college . be not it a bit childish ? ine you do not have to join in . Ring the bell if you change you mind . ine reach into the apartment and hand Gerald a paper bag for he clothes . then she close the door and turn to steph , who 's appear behind she in the hallway . ine walk back into the live room and give steph a question look . she 's try to hide the fact that she 's not totally convinced , but instead she stick with she assertion . ine ( cont 'd ) what be we go to do with you now ? steph I be definitely not undress here . ine lam sorry , but then you have to go . steph you be kid ? ine shake she head . steph pointedly put down she glass and slowly walk to the door . she appear to be re-consider . ine follow she , still naked . it almost seem like she 's throw steph out . steph open the door and , at that moment , Tim step out of the elevator . steph take the stair and mutter : steph ( cont 'd ) have fun , you two . Tim be surprised at first to see ine naked . he glance bemusedly in steph 's direction . tim hey , be I early ? ine no , it 's a naked party . tim ok . ine Gerald have the idea . he know this kind of thing from college . to strengthen the team spirit ... tim haha . ine I be be serious . tim and who 's already here ? ine no-one . tim yeah , I know for sure they be all in there , and I will be the only one who walk in naked . call I when the joke 's over . they look at each other a little too long , then Tim leave and ine close the door . she walk into the bedroom , glance at she clothes once more and flop onto the bed . she lie there quietly for what seem like forever . after a while , the doorbell ring . ine can not bring herself to open it . her cellphone ring . she look at the caller id and see that it 's anca , but she do not answer . someone knock at the door , this time with more urgency . ine look through the spyhole and then hurriedly open the door . int . - ine 's apartment - day anca , ine 's assistant , stand naked outside the door , clutching she clothes to she body and smile shyly . ine hello ... she quickly slip into the apartment . anca happy birthday . she shake ine 's hand . anca ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) but it 's not about sex ? ine shake she head and , for a moment , she 's truly overwhelm by she naked guest . anca be skinny and have a girlish figure . ine no , no . anca ok . so it 's just as a challenge ... ine nod quickly and it dawns on she that she 's still wear a bathrobe . she take it off . she beckon anca into the live room . anca ( cont 'd ) be I the first ? ine yes . anca relax a little , but find it strange that there 's no - one else there . she pull ine 's blouse and a gift from she bag . anca ( in german ) unfortunately , it do not completely wash out . ine oh , thanks . that 's no problem at all . anca here 's you present . ine unwrap the present and pull out a cute little pocket calculator . anca ( cont 'd ) because you always ask for mine . ine thank you . for a moment , ine be move by the gift . anca ( in English ) be everything ok ? ine yes . anca at the office you be always so stiff , and now you come up with this . even though anca 's play along , she clearly find the whole thing strange . she look around the apartment . anca ( cont 'd ) you like it here ? ine yes . anca that 's good . ine why ? anca because | searched so long ... ine oh , I do not know . the doorbell ring . anca straighten up nervously . ine look at she . now she really have to hold a naked party . she walk to the door . anca where be the bathroom ? ine point to the guest bathroom in the hallway . anca disappear . ine hesitates for amomentat the door . the bell ring again and she open up . she get the fright of she life . a dark , animal - like figure , a kukeri , stand outside . his whole body be cover in long , dark fur , and he head be like a tall , shaggy tower . in one hand he hold a flowering shrub that 's be rip from the ground . it 's difficult to say whether he look creepy or friendly . ine hide behind the door . the creature hesitates for a moment , then shuffles cumbersomely into the apartment . it 's not until he 's halfway inside that he realize ine be naked . he stop and hesitates . he give she the plant ( a bouquet of artificial flower ) and do not know whether to continue into the apartment . ine be not sure who 's inside the costume . anca cautiously exit the guest bathroom , expect to see a colleague . she scream and stare at the kukeri . the kukeri notice she with surprise . he 's now in the company of two naked woman . he make as if to leave . he seem to find the situation suspicious . he move towards anca , who quickly retreat to safety . anca ( cont 'd ) what be this ? who be under it ? ine I do not know . anca ( in german ) but not Gerald ? ine I do not know . honest . anca do not really believe ine , because it could be another part of the team - building exercise . ine ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) be you Gerald ? the kukeri shake he head uncertainly - as if he , too , be wonder who he be . ine be also uncertain . the kukeri 's dark fur create a sinister impression . the costume be strike . nothing about it suggest that there 's a person inside . anca try to use she handbag to cover herself a little . the doorbell ring again . anca hide behind a column . ine have no choice but to walk to the door again and open it . Gerald stand outside wear a earnest expression . he 's clutching he clothes to he crotch . he 's still wear he sock and shoe . gerald have a beer first . he look questioningly at ine . gerald ( cont 'd ) come in ? ine ah , yes . Gerald take baby step into the live room . he greet anca with a nod . for she , Gerald 's nakedness be far more difficult to deal with than she own . Gerald be still hide he genitals with he clothes . the kukeri have retreat into a corner right behind Gerald and stand there , motionless . Gerald do not notice he . he look at ine , await further instruction . gerald ( to ine ) and now ? totally naked ? or what 's this about ? ine nod vaguely . as if carry out a dare , Gerald put he clothes to one side . for a moment he just stand there , naked . he still do not notice the kukeri stand behind he . suddenly , the kukeri put its paw on Gerald 's shoulder from behind . Gerald scream and fend it off . the kukeri briefly throttles he , then let he go . gerald ( cont ’d ) hard -core ! hard-core ! he turn around and stare at the monster that attack he . he give the kukeri a friendly pat on the back , as if there 's some coach inside the costume . as far as he 's concerned , the whole thing be clearly pre-plan . anca laugh with she hand in front of she mouth . gerald ( cont ’d ) that 's awesome ... how do you come up with this kind of nonsense ? he walk to the kukeri and grope at it . the kukeri playfully grab Gerald 's neck for a moment . gerald ( cont ’d ) he can not take a joke . Gerald walk to anca and hold up he open hand . she do not understand at first , but then give he a high - five . he do the same thing with ine . gerald ( cont ’d ) where do you get it ? anca I think it 's bulgarian . something against the evil spirit . gerald good for the team . ( in german ) what a load of nonsense . awesome . Gerald reach uncertainly for he underpant and hurriedly pull they back on . anca also disappear with relief into the bathroom . Gerald look at the buffet . the kukeri sit down weakly for a moment on the edge of the sofa . his head be crooked , give he a sad appearance . he straighten it with he paw . gerald ( cont ’d ) ok , now I have earn a bite to eat . wow , you have really go to town . the kukeri cumbersomely stand up and stagger to the door . gerald ( cont ’d ) now he 's leave already ... ine watch he . the door swing close . ine look distractedly at the brunch . anca exit the bathroom , fully dress . ine yeah , and ... this be salmon with lemon remoulade . just serve yourselves . guy , I have to pay that guy quickly . ine grab a bathrobe , walk out of the apartment into the darken hallway and run down the stair . her colleague , corneliu and dariu , be just arrive . ine excuse herself and point they towards she apartment . ext . - STREET by ine 's apartment - near unirii square - day ine see the kukeri turn a corner and run after he . she spot he again . still wear the full costume , he simply walk on . a couple of passer - by turn around to look at he . other pay he no heed . the sun hang low and bathes the street in warm light . ine follow the kukeri in she bathrobe , expect he to take off he head . ext . - park - unirii square - evening the kukeri cross a large town square . huge , illuminate advertising hoarding appear : we be in the middle of the city . the kukeri stop and stand by a kiosk . he make as if to remove the head , but then do not . ine catch up with he . she continue to follow he without he see she . exhausted , the kukeri briefly sit down ona bench . two teenager take a photo of he . a young girl approach he and stroke he fur . he briefly put a paw on she head . then he stand up . the attention be too much for he . he walk away through a few bush into the center of the park . ine watch as he move further away . she can not stand it anymore . suddenly , she start run . ine dad ! the kukeri turn around . ine sink into he wiry fur and appear to shrink . the kukeri return the embrace and ine hold onto he as if she never want to let go again . the kukeri hold she just as tightly , he head rest heavily on she shoulder . after a while , he let go of she . they look at each other for a moment . suddenly , he hold out he arm . ine scream in shock . the kukeri chase she for a few step then double back on himself . for a moment , he appear wild and energetic ; his fur waft in the breeze . then he tiredly raise he hand . ine turn and walk back towards she apartment . the kukeri watch she . her bathrobe lift in the wind and briefly flash she bare behind before she disappear . as soon as she 's go , the kukeri stagger behind a bush . he grab at he head , but can not pull it off . he begin to lurch and slowly fall to he knee . again , he grab at he head , but then he lie down and breathes heavily . he really do not seem able to remove the head . for a long while , he stay lie there . then , seemingly use up he last reserve of strength , he sit up . ext . - street around unirii square - evening the kukeri cross a large intersection . for the first time , we really see something of the city . there be lot of people around , all go they own way . the kukeri look like a lonely alien . ext . - STREET by winfried 's HOTEL - night the kukeri turn onto a side street and disappear between a currency exchange and a open-fronted florist 's into a small , low - budget hotel call '' ambassador . '' int . - winfried 's HOTEL - reception - night the kukeri enter the hotel 's reception area . a young concierge be absent - mindedly watch a soccer match . the kukeri gesture at he head and mumble something incomprehensible . the concierge understand what he mean , lean over the reception desk and , with a great deal of strength , pull off the kukeri 's head . winfry be pale . his sweat - drench hair stick to he scalp . the man put the head down on the desk and put winfry 's room key next to it . winfry breathes heavily . ext . - funeral parlor - day winfry stand in front of a old building . through the entrance to a courtyard , a nondescript german street be visible . it 's a clear , somewhat autumnal day in late summer . winfry be wear a dark suit and he beard have grow longer . walter , aman around the same age as winfry , wait with he wife , who briefly straighten he necktie . irma , a woman also around winfry 's age , be talk in the background to two funeral parlor employees . undertaker just let we know when the private part of the ceremony be over . irma could we use you parking lot afterwards to load up ? undertaker of course . irma thanks . Roberto , could you take my bag for a minute ? she give she handbag to roberto , a man of Mediterranean appearance , and walk towards a dolled - up woman who 's approach she . irma ( cont 'd ) winfry , this be the singer . winfry nod at the singer and take a few step in the other direction . at the entrance , we see a taxi pull up . winfry watch as ine and renate get out . they open the trunk and take out a floral arrangement . winfry walk towards they . ine approach she father . they embrace as closely as the flower allow . winfried ( mumble ) a serious occasion ... ine yes . winfried I be glad you be here . winfry take the flower from she . ine how be you ? winfried okay . winfry and ine look at each other for a moment . it 's clearly the first time they have see each other again . renate join they and briefly embrace winfry . renate my sincere condolence . renate briefly shake hand with walter and he wife . ine do the same . winfried the coffin be still open . ine oh. renate I will stay here . ine follow she father , surprised . int . - funeral parlor / chapel - day a chapel be laid out with chair . it 's modern and quite small . refer to a booklet , irma be explain the order of service to the singer . winfry put ine 's flower down . he shake hand with the singer and gesture at she and irma to leave they alone for a moment . ine walk to the coffin in which she grandmother lie . irma be now decorate something at the other end of the room - she 's try not to bother they , but she be . for a moment , winfry stay in the background , then he sit down next to ine and look at he mother . she look much smaller and strangely wax - like . ine I be sorry I do not see she again . winfried I think she understand that , somehow . they sit there in silence . winfried ( cont ’d ) you can touch she if you like . ine lean forward and touch annegret 's wrinkle hand . winfry look back at irma , who 's give they a nag look . winfried ( cont 'd ) we have to go . the line be long - they all still want money from she . he stand up and briefly touch he mother 's cheek . irma turn to the funeral parlor employee . irma you can close the coffin now . the employee walk to the coffin lid to close it . int . - funeral parlor / chapel - day ine sit in the chapel in the front row , next to she mother . next to they be winfry 's sister irma and a man , walter , who appear to be winfry 's brother . a young , enthusiastic pastor bring he speech to a close . ine glance furtively at she father . the singer and she accompanist , step forward . they begin to perform a adapt , highly theatrical version of '' time to say Goodbye '' by Sarah brightman and andrea bocelli . next to winfry , irma start to sob . Winfried listen motionless . it 's hard to say what he feel . int . - annegret 's house - kitchen / live room / terrace - day ine walk through she grandmother 's house . she peer into the kitchen in which some of she relative be wash up the cake plate . ine can I help you with anything ? tabea it 's almost do , thanks . ine look out through the terrace window . outside , winfry be talk with walter and benjamin . the man be hold bottle of beer . a couple of grandchildren be do gymnastics on a swing seat and be reprimand by they mother . irma stand in front of a open sideboard . irma ( to ine ) if there 's anything you be attach to , let we know . Benjamin 's make a list . ine yes , I will think about it . ine walk outside and join winfry and walter . walter and where be you this day ? budapest . she ignore he mistake . ine bucharest , but I just finish there . now I be go to Singapore for two year . she look at winfry . it 's news to he . walter they have the biggest whiskey bar in the world there . what be this company call ? ine you have probably hear of the new one , mckinsey . I use to be with morrison . irma appear at the terrace door . irma winfry , can you come here ? winfry walk to the door and glance into the live room . wineried ( 0.s. ) just leave that there for now . ine look at he and they eye meet . winfry gesture with he head for she to follow he , then disappear . int . - annegret 's house - cellar - garden - day ine follow winfry without understanding what he 's look for here . he switch on a light and we see a scene of chaos leave undisturbed for several year - a dust - cover workbench , a collection of antler , old gun , furniture and carpet . winfry pick something up and put it down again . he stand there , at a loss . he sit down for a moment . winfried that song . irma 's crazy ... they be suppose to play something by Harry belafonte . she like he , even though it be negro music to she ... he stand up and start to rummage through the chaos and open up cupboard . he take out old coat and put they away again . from under the hood of a hair dryer , he pull out a steel helmet . ine watch he . he open a door that lead to the garden . winfried ( cont 'd ) all the thing she keep . no idea whose this be . all this stuff be genuine . he gesture at a open cupboard . winfried ( cont ’d ) full of hat . he take out a suitcase which really be full of all kind of hat . ine look at they . most be unused ; some even still have the price tag . ine take out a summer hat with fruit ornament . she look at winfry as if she 's wait for something from he . it 's the first time they have be alone together since bucharest . winfry hesitates for a moment , then pluck up the courage to say something . winfried ( cont ’d ) about you question there , in bucharest , about life . the problem be , it 's so often about get thing do . and then you still have to do this , or that . and , in the meantime , life just pass by . but how be we suppose to hang on to moment ? now I sometimes sit there and remember how you learn to ride you bike or how I once find you at a bus stop . but you only realize that afterwards . in the moment itself , it 's not possible . he look at she , unsure what she think about what he 's say . they be silent for a moment , then ine reach out and check the breast pocket of winfry 's shirt . she pull out the false tooth and put they into she mouth . winfry look at she , fascinate . ine put on the hat with the fruit . they look at each other . winfried ( cont ’d ) wait , I will get my camera . he walk out of the door . ine follow he . she watch as he disappear around the corner of the house . just before he 's go , he turn around once more . ine wait at the wall , motionless . her expression turn serious . she wait . it 's take too long . he 's not come back . fade out .