danny collin by Dan fogelman White shoot Blue pink yellow Green goldenrod salmon buff cherry draft draft page page page page page page page 05/21/13 06/07/13 06/18/13 06/20/13 06/28/13 07/01/13 07/08/13 07/30/13 08/01/13 this material be the property of Danny Collins production , LLC and access and use of this material be intend solely for use by Danny Collins production , LLC , its personnel and other authorize person . dissemination or disclosure of the material in any form to any unauthorize person or the sale or copying of this material in whole or in part be strictly prohibit . 1. over black we hear the sound of a turntable turn on . we hear a needle drop . the record play a song . the song be pure , innocent , and simple ... the kind of thing great singer - songwriter be make of . text : '' the follow be kind - of base on a true story a little bit . '' the word be lift away in a haze of cigarette smoke . int . chime in magazine office - day ( 1971 ) we listen to the song as we pick up snapshot from a office of a early 70 's music magazine : - cigarettes be smoke indoors , everywhere . smoke waft over cubicle , everywhere . - woman wear mini-skirt . really '' mini '' mini-skirt . - Music poster and signage line cubicle wall . hendrix . Dylan . Simon and a jew-fro have garfunkel . - a poster of a young richard nixon . someone have draw a mustache on Nixon 's face as well as a '' speech bubble '' which read '' I be a asshole . '' - we hone in on a single cigarette . a hand place it in a ashtray . the now - empty hand remove the needle from the record player ( stop the song ) . voice ( 0.s. ) well , it 's a hell of a album , kid . people be gonna freak . the album go into a sleeve and get place on a table . the album 's cover bear only a simple title : Danny Collins . the cigarette get pick back up , and the '' voice '' take he place behind a desk . his other hand pick up a dictaphone . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( be : recording ) this cool ? second voice ( 0.s. ) sure . he hit record . a pack of cigarettes be hold forward . ( continued ) continued : voice ( 0.s. ) smoke ? second voice ( 0.s. ) no thanks . the pack be pull back revealing for the first time : our interviewer , guy deloach ( 36 ) . his style be of the day and he manner that of a hippie who think he know everything about anything worth know . deloach lean back in he seat . he take a long drag on he cigarette as he study the young man opposite he . on this young man throughout , we see he only in faceless snapshot . - Long hair , very much of the era . open collare shirt . a hairless chest . - a single gold cross on the hairless chest . - that few facial feature we can make out be boyish , untouched by ... well , anything . deloach Jesus h , you be a baby . what be you , sixteen ? young man twenty -one . deloach Jesus H. ( beat , then ) well the album 's gonna be massive , kid . who get you there ? young man I be sorry ? deloach you influence . who do you dig ? who make you hard ? young man ( uncomfortable ) oh , well , I -- deloach hold on . deloach pick up the recorder , speak into it . ( continued ) 1 continued : ( 2 ) deloach ( cont 'd ) June 30th , 1971 , guy deloach with Danny Collins for chime mag. ( then ) more than anything it 's you write . you write like fuck Lennon , man . danny oh , well , that 's ... thank you . deloach he 's clearly a influence here , no ? danny yeah , I mean ... I guess he 's the one who make I the hardest ? a beat . deloach laugh , shake he head . deloach Jesus H. well , you be go to be huge , kid . I know the real thing when I hear it and you be it . Danny do not say anything . deloach raise a brow . deloach ( cont 'd ) kid , look at I . I have be a star - maker and a star-fucker for a very long time , and I be tell you : you. are. go . to. be . huge . richer than richer , famous as shit , more woman than you know what to do with . and I be tell you this , and I have get to ask : why be you sit there , stare at I , look like that information scare the live shit out of you ? Danny lean forward , full - frame for the first time . danny because it do . cue title card : danny collin chyron : 42 year later omitted ext . the greek —- evening 3 the large marquee outside the famous theatre bear only four word : Danny Collins . sold out . omitted 4 int . backstage - meanwhile 5 a sign on the dress room door read : headliner . in the distance we hear a dull , thumping roar . thump . thump . thump . a distant crowd await they star . int . dressing room - continuous 6 a hand finger a cross . the cross dangle from a chain , half bury in a patch of gray chest hair . the cross be remove , place on a table . the cross open , like a coffin , and dump a line of cocaine on a table . a nose come into frame , snort some . at the mirror preparation for show time : - gray hair strand be darken with hair colorer . - a girdle be strapped over a undershirt . - platform shoe be step into , provide a extra five inch of height . int . tunnel - moment later 7 from behind , we track we hero as he march through the bowel of the arena in he platform shoe - he step be wobbly , not exactly in a straight line . he pass some giggling girl , nod at they . he pass a few '' backstage '' type , include a familiar roadie . roadie break a leg , Danny . ( continued ) continued : danny ( from behind ) just tell I whose . the roadie laugh as Danny move on . the chanting crowd grow closer . at the stage curtain / door from behind , we watch as he pause . one deep breath . one crack of the neck , each way . then : he give a thumb up to someone off to the side . the curtain / door open as he step out onto the stage in front of 20,000 ador fan . needless to say , they go completely bat-shit . on stage we stay behind Danny as he stroll forward , take the mic , and greet he fan . danny thanks for come , Los Angeles . it 's good to be home . the crowd roar approval . danny ( cont 'd ) I think you might know this one . Danny turn to he band , nods , and ... light blast on !!! everywhere . the crowd erupt . we camera sweep over the crowd revealing , in full , danny collin for the first time since he be twenty - one . he 's still a strike man , but the year have definitely leave they mark . he wear a impeccably tailore but boldly color outfit . and that platform shoe . equal part Rod Stewart and Neil diamond . there be instrument everywhere ... but Danny 's not play any of they . this be over - the- top spectacle ... but not caricature . the music , the act , it 's cheesy without be cartoony , campy without be completely void of melody . it 's pretty clear that the stadium be not the only thing that have sell out . ( continued ) 6 . continued : Danny have clearly lead off with he biggest hit , akin to sweet caroline ( equally catchy , almost as good ) . sweet caroline be a good reference actually , mainly because from the first note ( and especially the chorus ) , the audience be singing along in a call and response fashion ( two video screen even cue the audience to sing they part with bounce - ball karaoke - esque prompt ) . the crowd ( older ) eat it all up . a woman sing he chorus '' hey , baby doll '' while also wear a '' hey , baby doll '' T-shirt . another woman hold up a sign that read '' this granny love Danny . '' on danny during the song he mingle with woman in the front row - he kiss one woman 's hand , blow a kiss to another . he make a show out of give one woman he scarf . Danny take in ... the crowd a older couple , arm and arm , sing the response part of the song back at he . they be sing way too hard . three older women sit quietly in they front row seat , eat red vine and mouth word along , lifeless . a group of young people sing along with energy ... but they be laughing . they be not laugh with Danny . on danny he 's see it all a thousand time . it no longer faze he . he pivot with a little shimmy , keep perform . int . dressing room - hour later Danny slump in a chair , he dress room have transformed into the site of a after-party . Danny finger a expensive scotch ( and he cross ) as he do he best to stay awake . tim , a thirty - something , come into view through Danny 's scotch glass . tim Mr. Collins , do you think I could bother you for a quick picture ? ( before Danny can answer ) just real quick , my mom will die -- ( continued ) 6a . continued : off to the side a man in a expensive suit drink a bottle of water , watch . this be frank grubman ( 60' ) . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) tim ( cont 'd ) ( picture accomplish ) awesome , I will tweet this to you . danny awesome . Tim , the cell - phone-photo -seeker , take he leave . Frank shake he head , walk over to Danny . frank it be a good show , kid . danny inspire . Frank tilt he head , take Danny in . frank hey , sylvia plath ? you okay ? danny yeah , I be fine . birthday blue or some shit I guess . that 's all Frank need to hear . he stand . frank alright everyone , sorry but my guy need a little rest . no one really listen . frank ( cont 'd ) listen up you leech , it 's time to get the fuck out of here ! danny Frank , let ‘em be -- frank no , Danny , I can name three people in this room and that 's about three more than you can . ( to room ) did I stammer , I say get the fuck out ! the mumble crowd begin disperse . once they be go , Danny and Frank sit in silence for a moment . then : frank ( cont 'd ) birthday 's not till tomorrow , kid . get a few hour till the state mandate depression have to set in . ( continued ) 9 continued : ( 3 ) danny you see the Golden Girls sit in the front row ? eat liquorice the entire time ? frank can not choose you fan , Danny . danny Three of they . each of they older than the next . make one pack of liquorice last the entire show . just sit there gum it for two hour . this hang there . Frank try cheer he up . frank New billboard go up on sunset for the album . you should check it out on the way home . Danny nod , stare off into space . Frank stand . frank ( cont 'd ) alright , enough of this crap . it 's you birthday tomorrow , that 's you big problem ? pregnant woman in Africa , feed half they village from they titty ... that lady have problem . not you . Danny smile weakly . danny no , I know . you be right . frank ' course I be right , I be always right . so go home to you stun half - your- age fiancé who 's throw you the massive surprise party tomorrow that I do not just tell you about . then come tell I and the sore tittied African lady about all you problem . danny okay . he stand , go to exit . Frank 's voice stop he . frank it be a good show , kid. really . ( continued ) 10 11 9 . continued : ( 4 ) 9 Danny turn , about to say something , then think better of it . he simply reply : danny yeah . cue song : work class hero ( tbd ) by John Lennon . i/e. danny 's mercede - later 10 it 's a preposterous car for anyone ... let alone a man in he sixty . Silver on the outside , leather everywhere on the inside , it 's a spaceship on wheel . Inside : Danny , exhaust , do everything he can to keep he eye from close as he navigate Los Angeles traffic . int . danny 's mercede - later 11 Danny ease the car up to the gate of a mansion . he try use he '' clicker . '' it do not work . he sigh , toot the horn . in the booth of the guardhouse stand a doorman , currently talk on a house phone . this be marty ( 40' ) . marty hold up a finger ( " be with you in a second '' ) . Danny park , wait . after a beat , marty hang up and approach . Danny sigh , lower the window . marty we gotta get that fix for you , Mr. Collins . good show tonight ? danny it be , thanks . marty Calling it early ? no after-party ? danny Little tired . just look to hit the sack so ... he motion at the gate . marty do not take the hint . marty what have you open with tonight ? danny same as always . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) 11 12 13 14 15 10 . continued : 11 danny ( cont 'd ) I really gotta hit the sheet , kid . marty nod . marty have a good night , Mr. Collins . marty walk toward the gate , hit a button . it open , revealing shangri - LA . be this a home or a '' four season '' ? Danny literally have to cross a '' bridge '' to get to he home . int . mansion foyer - moment later 12 Danny enter the house . danny I be home ! no response . Danny head toward the tall staircase , look at it , sigh - then turn around and get in ... a elevator , which carry he upwards . omitted 13 int . master bedroom - continuous 14 a bed fit for a king . fireplace . huge flat -screen . danny Babe ! ? voice ( 0.s. ) I be in the shower ! Danny walk into ... int . master bathroom - continuous 15 a female figure ( mask by steam ) shower . the shower be roughly the size of rhode Island . Danny walk past the shower . showering woman hey ! sorry I miss the show . danny you have see it before . ( continued ) 15 10a . continued : 15 Danny head into he adjacent walk -in closet ( fill to the brim with high - end man 's clothing in bold pattern ) and begin hang he jacket . he call back . danny ( cont 'd ) what have you do tonight ? showering woman just busywork around here . ( continued ) 15 continued : will . ( 2 ) 15 danny always do busywork . showering woman it 's a big house . running it keep a girl busy . ( then ) I ' 1ll be out in a minute . I be just finish shave . danny okay . ( then , realize ) oh , hon ? Danny turn back toward the shower . the door to the shower open , revealing : sophie ( 31 ) . she 's Danny 's fiancé . she 's very young , very hot , and very naked . and she 's currently shave she pubic hair with a disposable pink razor ( shave cream cover the region ) . danny ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Sophie . sophie what ? he shake he head , throw by the sight , and turn to go . then he stop , remember : danny oh , yeah : the kid out front , can you do something about he ? I do not need a half hour of chitchat every time I pull into my house . sophie he 's just try to impress you . danny yeah , well , he 's fail . ( then ) okay , I be gonna go write . sophie okay , baby . ( then , realize ) wait , write who ? danny just ... Sophie , please watch what you be do , you be go to maim yourself . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 16 12 . continued : ( 3 ) 15 danny ( cont 'd ) ( then ) do not wait up , alright ? he exit the bathroom . she call after he . sophie seriously , baby ! who be you write ? no reply . Sophie shrug , continue she groom . int . danny 's home studio - later 16 it 's a great space . a piano sit dead center . it 's obvious , however , that the room be not use often . on the wall : cover in platinum album and frame copy of Danny 's record . the cover art on the album tell a story - from that first simple album to the '' look '' he 's develop over the past decade or two ( same typeface , pose , etc . ) . Danny enter the room , look around , and spot what he 's look for : a BOX of embossed stationary paper . he carefully open the box . grab a sheet . it 's blank . they be all blank . he look until he find ... a fancy montblanc -esque pen . he take it out , look at it , sit at the piano and take he time perfectly set the pen and paper into '' write position . '' Danny begin play a simple melody . a few chord . the beginning of something simple , melodic , and gentle . he pause , put on he glass . thinks for a beat , then ... smile . he grab he pen and , just then ... catch sight of himself in the studio mirror : on he reflection a old man in a silly suit , wear platform shoe and read glass , try to write something original after what 's clearly be a long hiatus from just that . on danny realizing . he stop , unwilling to go further . you can see it in he eye . what 's the point ? he put down the pen , lean back , and close he eye . he fall asleep sit up . 17 13 . int . danny's mercede ( in front of mansion ) - next day 17 Danny pull up to the house . Sophie hold leftover in she lap ; she 's dress in something super revealing . Danny wear something that make he look like a mid - 60 's pimp . you can imagine the look they get at the restaurant . sophie good birthday brunch , baby ? danny ( nodd ) good birthday brunch . she kiss he cheek . he smile at she . danny ( cont 'd ) so how many people be inside ? sophie dammit ! Fucking Frank ! Danny sigh . danny honey : you can not surprise a man my age . you want to give I a heart attack or something ? she motion at she ring finger . sophie not until it 's legal . danny funny . sophie uch , I be so piss at he ! Sophie reach into she purse , pour a line of coke on the dash , bend forward and do some . sophie ( cont 'd ) you want ? Danny sigh . danny you be try to kill I . he accept some , do it quickly , move for the car door . ( continued ) 17 18 14 . continued : 17 danny ( cont 'd ) sweetheart ? sophie yeah ? danny fix you dress . her right breast be hang out of the low - cut dress . Danny exit the car . from outside the car Danny head toward the house . we hold there a beat , then Sophie exit the car and scamper after he ( attempt to fix she dress as she scamper ) . int . mansion - moment later 18 they enter the house to a huge : crowd surprise ! the main live area be full of guest . Danny feign shock , look to Frank , front and center . Frank motion to he : '' act surprised . '' danny no way ! be you kid I !? ( to Sophie ) you do this ? but Sophie 's already hop up , barely listen , rub she nose and sniffle . Danny cover she behavior by hugging she . the crowd awwwwwes . danny ( cont 'd ) ( put on a show ) do not you all know you do not surprise a man my age ? you could have give I a heart attack ! everyone laugh . someone cue Danny 's most famous song ( the one we see he open the concert with ) . danny ( cont 'd ) I think I know this one ! laughter . Danny could not be more miserable , but he 's have decade of experience perform . and boy , can he perform . as well - wisher descend on Danny we launch : 19 14~a . int . mansion - later a party montage ( cue song tbd : John Lennon 's '' whatever get you through the night '' ) . ( continued ) 19 19 20 15 . continued : 19 as Danny go through the motion in snapshot . - he watch older men ogle younger women frolick in he pool . - he and Frank watch as two young guest ransack he wine cellar . - he open gift , relish in receive a bottle of scotch with a ribbon around it . - he doe coke in the bathroom , alone . - he watch two idiot pour vodka / white wine in he koi pond . - at one point , he spot Sophie chat with marty outside ( the doorman ) . he watch as she hand he some cash . - he receive the gift of a scarf from a famous friend . he place it in a pile of identical box ( everyone have get he scarve ) . - by the time evening descend on the party , we pull away from the festivity , end on Danny 's familiar shoe . but this time , the shoe be empty . ext . mansion - night 20 the party have pretty much clear out , day have turn into night . Danny ( sock , no shoe ) and Frank ( he manager , we meet he before ) sit on Danny 's luxurious roof deck . Danny hold he recently gift bottle of scotch ( still with ribbon , now half empty ) . opposite they , Sophie be pass out on a love seat . as usual , she 's hang out everywhere . frank she 's like a young Jackie 0 . Danny chuckle , shake he head . danny I look absurd with she . frank yes , you do . a beat . she begin to snore , drunkenly . danny we have to make she sign a prenup , do not we ? ( continued ) 20 continued : yes , we do . another beat . frank 15a . ( continued ) 20 20 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 danny I be way too old to be put this much shit up my nose . frank yes , you be . danny Jesus , do not give I all the good stuff at once , Frank . you be really earning that ten percent tonight , pal . frank what do you want I to say ? no , Danny , you look totally normal stand next to a coke up teenager who can not keep she nipple cover for more than five minute . prenup ? who need a prenup ? I mean sure , you have be through three wife already , but this one really seem like the real deal . oh look , I can see she vagina again ! Danny smile . danny cute . frank thank you , I try . Frank stand . frank ( cont 'd ) okay , so ... I get you a birthday present and it cost I a fortune so do I a favor and upside down the frown for five minute , huh ? Frank smile , bend , and pick up a wrap gift . Danny start unwrap . Frank explain , excitedly : frank ( cont 'd ) I know how fanatical you be about Lennon , so I start futzing around on the internet . Ebay , Lennon memorabilia , that kind of stuff . wrapping paper be off . Danny start remove ribbon . ( continued ) 17 . 20 continued : ( 3 ) 20 frank ( cont 'd ) I get in touch with this one guy , a collector , say I be look to get you something special . Frank take a deep breath . frank ( cont 'd ) Holy shit , I have be hold this in for three month now ! ( then ) Danny , wait , hold on . Danny stop open the gift . frank ( cont 'd ) you remember do a interview , when you be a kid ? something call chime Magazine ? fella name deloach ? danny ( confuse ) yeah . maybe . frank I do not know what you have say to the guy - you mention Lennon , do not matter . Point be : Lennon read it ! and he write you a letter ! Danny lower the box , confuse . danny what ? Frank , what the hell be you talk about ? frank John Lennon write you a letter , pal ! in 1971 . he send it to you at the magazine , care of this deloach guy . deloach smell money - handwritten letter from John Lennon and all - so he hold onto it , never tell you . deloach die , he 's not the point . the point be he sell the letter to a collector . can you believe this shit ? danny I be not follow this , Frank . frank open the box , just open it . ( continued ) 20 18 . continued : ( 4 ) 20 Danny do , slowly . Frank have have the letter frame and matted , beautifully . on the letter it 's small , handwritten . very personalize . frank ( cont 'd ) a handwritten letter to you from John Lennon , write in 1971 . can you fuck believe it ? read it ! Danny be still processing . he read , out loud , slowly : danny dear Danny Collins . Yoko and I read you interview . be rich and famous do not change the way you think . it do not corrupt you art . only you can do that . so what do you think about that , Danny Collins ? stay true to you music . stay true to yourself . the rest will follow . my phone number be below . call I , we can discuss this . we can help . Love , John . frank crazy , right !? I have be sit on this thing for month ... as Frank continue rambling excitedly , we push in ... on danny he 's just stare at the letter . reading it , over and over . his world have clearly just rotate on its axis . a letter from you hero , mean to be deliver to you when you be twenty - one . warning you of all the thing you wound up do and now regret . forty year too late . can you imagine ? cue song : imagine ( tbd ) write by John Lennon . everything slow as Danny look around the deck . the imagery conflict with the beautiful song : he fiancé , belching and half - conscious . the hanger - on pass out everywhere . his preposterously lavish mansion . sad , horrific , irony . the song carry into ... 21 22 23 24 a25 25 19 . int . danny 's bedroom - night 21 Danny lie there hold the letter , still stare at it . it 's 5:45 am and he have not sleep . he 's slowly unravel . he get up , whisper to Sophie : danny I will be back late . she wave a hang -over arm at he . int . danny 's mercede - early morning 22 Danny drive through Los Angeles . the sunset Strip , home to the roxy , the Whisky . have you ever drive down sunset when there 's not a soul in sight ? it 's surreal . the whole time the letter sit next to Danny , on the passenger seat . haunting he . Danny pull the car over . exit . ext . sunset strip - continuous 23 Danny walk to the curb . look up . just stare . we cut wide , revealing what he 's stare at : he giant billboard . Danny stand in front of it , miniscule in comparison , take in the ridiculous picture of himself winking at / point at camera - the oversize portrait a symbol of every bad decision he 's ever make . and that do it ... slowly ... ever so slowly : a smile creep over he face . he crack he neck , come to term with a decision , and : he get back in the car and race off . full speed now . ext . mansion gate - moment later 24 the mercede turn toward the gate . but then ... the car keep go . ext . mansion - moment later a25 Danny pop out from behind the '' bridge . '' he 's enter he own property , unseen . he scamper across the bridge . int . mansion foyer - continuous 25 Danny stride into the house . ( continued ) 25 26 20 . continued : 25 danny I be home ! we hear frantic footstep in the distance . Danny smile , march toward the bedroom . int . danny's bedroom - continuous 26 Sophie lie in bed , confuse and a little frazzle . Danny stride past she . sophie I think you be come home late . danny Change of plan . Danny head through the bathroom into the walk - in closet . he take out a suitcase , begin pack . Sophie enter . sophie what be you do ? danny pack . sophie where be we go ? danny oh , I be go away . ( then ) where be he ? sophie who ? danny whoever you be just in bed with , where be he hide ? ( then ) you know what , I ‘’1l just ship everything . he grab a SMALL bag , exit the closet . begins look around the bathroom , grab toiletry . sophie Danny - — danny honey , I do not pull in , so the guy outside could not call you and stall I . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 continued : 21 . 26 danny ( cont 'd ) I be not mad , I promise , I just do not want to open a closet and have a strange man jump out and scare the shit out of I . he 's not in the closet , be he ? sophie ( relenting ) no. danny good . Danny re-enters the bedroom , call out : danny ( cont 'd ) you can come out ! I promise I be not mad ! sophie jesus. ( loudly ) just come out . it 's okay . a young handsome man in tighty - whity come out from under the bed . Danny smile , continue throw crap in he small bag . danny ( to the guy ) you must be busywork . young man judd . danny i’1l call you busywork . she 's always do busywork . now I understand . sophie ( apologetic ) Danny . danny sweetie , I could not be less mad . I have fun , do you have fun ? sophie yeah . danny good . I be glad . you stay . keep the house for a while . you and busywork here . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 27 22 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 danny ( cont 'd ) be young , have fun , I need my address book , there 's a address I need in my address book . ah , here it be . Danny lean in toward Sophie , kiss she cheek . danny ( cont 'd ) I would have make you sign a prenup anyway . you be not miss out on any big money if that make you feel better . sophie I guess it do a little . danny I be glad . Danny hold he hand out toward judd . they shake . danny ( cont 'd ) busywork , take care of she . judd my parent have they first dance to one of you song , Sir . danny well that 's fuck up in all kind of way now , be not it ? ( then ) okay , adios kid . he grab he bag and exit . ext . mansion - minute later 27 Danny exit the house , a skip in he step . he head across he bridge as he talk on he cell phone . danny ( into phone ) hey , have the plane ready . to New Jersey . ( then ) yes , New Jersey . ( then ) car , too . you know what I like . but how ' bout a red one ? ( then ) yes , red . I be change shit up . Danny get in he car and take off . we can hear he laughter all the way down the street . ( continued ) 27 28 29 23 . continued : 27 cue song : hold on ( tbd ) write by John Lennon . ext . NJ private airport ( i.e. , teterboro ) - later 28 Danny step off the private jet and head down a set of stair as a ... red mercede ( identical car , different color ) pull up next to the bottom of the stair . ext . woodcliff lake hilton - twenty minute later 29 the mercede pull up in front of this ordinary Hilton . the rest of the lot be litter with toyotas and ford . on a valet kid ( 22 ) stand there , bored . he see the mercede approach . valet kid ( be : car ) Holy shit . the car pull to a stop . Danny step out of the car . valet kid ( cont 'd ) ( be : Danny Collins ) Holy shit ! the kid run forward . valet kid ( cont 'd ) welcome to the Hilton , Danny Collins ... Mr. Collins ... ( try again ) welcome to the Hilton , Sir . danny it 's good to be at the Hilton , young man . and call I Danny . what should I call you ? valet kid nicky Ernst . danny nicky Ernst , it 's a absolute pleasure . you have a wonderful face . here , have a hundred dollar . he hand nicky a hundre . nicky mask he excitement . ( continued ) 29 30 24 . continued : 29 nicky so. Mr ... Danny ... will you be stay with we , or just join we for lunch today ? danny nicky : I be go to be stay with you , I be go to be join you for lunch , I be go to be take advantage of all the amenity the woodcliff Lake Hilton have to offer ... nicky , I can not help but notice that you be drool on my car . nicky sorry . it 's just so ... awesome . danny you be welcome to use it whenever you want , take you girl out for a spin . you have a girl ? nicky no . danny you will if you take she out for a spin in this car . nicky wait , seriously ? Danny be already walk away . danny ( call back ) bag go to my room , nicky . car go in a garage . int . woodcliff lake hilton - continuous 30 Danny walk in . it could be any hotel , in any city . a lobby . a lobby restaurant . a lobby bar . that 's it . a sign read : '' welcome greater NJ dental association . '' there 's a display front and center , full of '' dental '' swag . Danny walk to the front desk . a pretty young girl ( 23 ) work on the computer . ( continued ) 30 continued : young girl ( not look , bored ) welcome to the Hilton , do you have a reservation ? 24a . ( continued ) 30 30 continued : she sigh , 25 . ( 2 ) 30 danny I do not have a reservation , but I be hope that will not be a deal - breaker because I be rapidly fall in love with this Hilton . look up . young girl Holy shit ! danny I get that a lot . what be you name ? young girl Jamie . danny Jamie , I be Danny . jamie I know who you be . danny what about nicky out front ? do you know who he be ? jamie the valet guy ? danny nicky Ernst . ask he to take you for a ride in my car , you will fall in love . ( then ) look at you ! another fantastic young face . what a amazing place this woodcliff Lake Hilton be . why be you face so fantastic and young ? jamie we be all college kid I guess , off for summer or just graduate . danny ah . that must be it . jamie how long will you be stay with we , Mr. Collins ? Danny pull out he address book from he suit pocket . ( continued ) 30 26 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 danny Jamie , my gps tell I that we be not far from a hillsdale , New Jersey . now tell I : be my gps lie to I or give I the straight shit ? jamie ( smile ) straight shit . you be five minute away . danny well , then I will be stay indefinitely . Jamie smile , a little confuse . jamie okay . i'11 give you the honeymoon suite , it 's we nicest room ... only I do not know how to do a indefinite reservation . danny do not need a honeymoon suite . just a regular , everyday room . Jamie turn toward the back , yell out . jamie 5 ( call out ) lary ? danny if someone else with a wonderful face come out , I do not know if I all be able to handle it . mary sinclair emerge from the back office . she 's amazing look , great smile ... classically beautiful without try . danny ( cont 'd ) okay , I officially can not handle it . Jamie dart over towards Mary , whisper loudly . jamie look who it be ! mary ( calmly ) I see . ( continued ) 30 continued : 27 . ( 4 ) 30 jamie ( rapid- fire whisper ) he want to stay indefinitely . I be go to give he the honeymoon suite but -- danny ( loudly ) he do not want the honeymoon suite . Mary and Jamie turn toward he , synchronize . danny ( cont 'd ) it 's not my honeymoon and I be not very sweet . regular room will do just fine . Mary approach . a beat . danny ( cont 'd ) and what college do you go to young lady ? mary ha. danny ha. mary you be stay indefinitely ? here ? danny huge fan of this Hilton . ( then ) be you marry , Mary ? mary I be sorry ? danny be you currently betrothed ? mary no. danny good . dinner ? mary you be ask I to dinner ? ( continued ) 30 28 . continued : ( 5 ) 30 danny I think so . Jamie , I ask she to dinner , do not I ? jamie ( excited ) you do . mary I be sorry , be you on drug ? danny currently or in general ? mary currently . danny no. ( then ) dinner ? mary I be sorry , I be go to have to decline . danny not a fan of mine ? mary currently or in general ? danny in general . mary no. danny God , we have a great patter , do not we !? Jamie , can you follow any of this ? jamie ( giggle , excited ) no ! Mary smile , shake she head . mary I ’‘1l check you in . danny while you check I in , I 'il check you out . ( continued ) 30 31 32 33 34 29 . continued : ( 6 ) 30 mary oh my God . Mary go back to the computer . despite herself : she can not help but smile , just a little . int . danny's HOTEL room - later 31 it could be any hotel room in the world . a bed , a small desk , a love seat . that 's it . Danny take it in , think . int . HOTEL hallway - later 32 Danny oversee as four large men try to figure out how to move a baby grand piano through the door to he room . int . danny's HOTEL room - later 33 everything have be move to make room for the massive piano , which dwarf everything else . on danny take it in . he may as well be take in the sistine Chapel . he dig into he bag , and pull out the frame lennon letter . set it up on he nightstand . he take in he strange new home and smile : danny perfect . int . HOTEL bar - later that night 34 patron talk , whisper , point at ... the other side of the room where Danny sit at the bar . he 's wear a customary over - the- top suit and be drink scotch . he 's write furiously . it 's important to note that he 's finally able to write use hotel stationary and a ordinary hotel pen , as oppose to he montblanc and emboss stationary . on the pad : the beginning of a lyric . stuff about the season - '' spring '' and '' fall . '' just a start . frank ( 0.s. ) Danny ? Danny turn . Frank stand there . ( continued ) 34 30 . continued : 34 danny Frank ! Danny stand , envelope Frank in a surprising bear hug . danny ( cont 'd ) sit , sit . thanks for come . frank get on the first flight out . danny thanks . have you be here before ? frank the bar at the woodcliff Lake , New Jersey Hilton ? ( then , obviously ) no. Frank sit . he 's obviously concerned . frank ( cont 'd ) I speak to Sophie . she say you -- danny I do . ( then , call out ) barkeep ? a ice water for this handsome young man , por favor ? Danny turn toward Frank , serious . danny ( cont 'd ) Frank , I have decide to make some big change in my life . some of they may come as a bit of a shock , some of they may even affect you financially . Frank put he hand on Danny 's knee . frank I be here as you friend , Danny . not as you manager . danny actually , I need you to be here as my manager for a moment . ( then ) I want you to cancel the rest of my tour . frank I be sorry ? ( continued ) 34 continued : 31 . ( 2 ) 34 danny do not be sorry , I be not sorry . I be do , Frank . ( then ) oh , I 'il also need you to call Bill , tell he to sell all my stock , all the house . I want no debt , no risk . so help I God I will never be force to sing that song again . oh , wait , tell Bill not to sell the LA house yet . I be go to let Sophie and the kid she be cheating on I with stay there -- frank Danny , stop ! you be spiraling . be you on something ? what do you take ? danny nothing , I promise . actually , I be do with that shit too . no more drink , no more drug -- frank you be drink right now , Danny . danny true . okay , forget what I say about the drink . I be not run for Pope , right ? frank this be because of Sophie ? danny Sophie ? no! Jesus , Frank , give I a little credit . Danny put down he drink . change tone . danny ( cont 'd ) what if I have get the letter when I be suppose to , Frank ? he be my hero . I would have call he . ( then ) maybe my life would have turn out different . frank you be too hard on yourself , kid . always have be . ( continued ) 34 continued : 32 . ( 3 ) 34 danny I have not write a song in thirty year , Frank . I be a fuck joke . I be a court jester with a microphone . ( then ) I be the real thing once , Frank . one album . my song do not sell so they hand I theirs and I sing they . I give up , Frank . Frank lean forward , concerned . gently : frank you be have a breakdown , Danny . danny hate to tell you , buddy , but I have be break down for forty year . I be break . ai not nothing leave to break . ( beat , then ) I be sixty - four , Frank . I have be abuse my body for the better part of four decade . if I be gonna find any kind of redemption , I can not waste anymore time . a beat , then : frank why New Jersey ? danny one shock at a time , Frank . Frank nod , sip he water . frank a sixty -someth man start cancel tour , people start wonder . I be talk to you as you manager , Danny . danny actually , I need you to be my friend again now . Frank nod , sit there for a beat , then : frank I will cancel the tour . Danny nod back , clink he scotch against Frank 's water . they turn back toward the bar in unison . ( continued ) 34 35 33 . continued : ( 4 ) 34 after a beat , from behind , Frank put he hand on Danny 's shoulder . there 's nothing leave to say . int . woodcliff lake hilton lobby - next morning 35 Danny walk through the lobby , a spring in he step . his outfit / suit be typically bold . he stop at the front desk . Jamie and Mary be there . danny Jamie , have you talk to nicky Ernst about take that ride yet ? jamie not yet , Mr. Collins . he turn to Mary . danny dinner at seven ? i’1ll meet you ... he point five foot away . danny ( cont 'd ) there ? mary still gonna have to pass . danny Mary , you keep pass , I will keep make pass , we will see who give up first , sound good ? mary have a nice day , Mr. Collins . danny Big day for I . meeting someone for the first time . how do I look ? mary honestly ? danny if this relationship be go to go the distance , Mary , I think we should always be honest with one another . mary you look ridiculous . ( continued ) 35 36 37 34 . continued : 35 danny Nah , I look sharp . see you at seven . mary no you will not . danny and round and round we go . ( turn ) Jamie , do not forget about nicky Ernst . wonderful young man . ext . woodcliff lake hilton - continuous 36 Danny step outside , nicky wait with he car . danny nicky my boy ! nicky she 's ready for you , Sir . danny the girl at the front desk , she will not stop talk about you , nicky . you should ask she out . nicky ( stunne ) Jamie ? danny that 's the one . do not go after Mary , Mary 's mine . Danny get in the car , rip out of the parking lot . ext . suburban house ( hillsdale , NJ ) - ten minute later 37 a very modest house , in a very modest neighborhood . this be '' real world '' central . toy be scattered around the lawn . it could not be more ordinary . and up to this house pull a gleam , red mercede . drive by Danny Collins . National superstar . wearing , what can best be describe , as a zoot suit . as he stride across the lawn , step over a tricycle , a suburban dad rake leave do a double take . 38 ext . front door —- continuous Danny ring the bell . no sound . he ring again . nothing . he rap on it . he hold a brown bag . footstep from inside . Danny brace himself . the open , revealing : ( continued ) 34a . door 38 38 35 . continued : 38 nobody . child voice ( 0.s. ) hello . Danny look downward at : a little girl ( 7 ) . this be hope , Danny 's granddaughter . needless to say , hope be pretty fuck cute . danny hello . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) hope , you be not to open that door for stranger ! hope he 's not a stranger . we see he on tv . Mom , come here , it 's the guy we see on tv . Mom , Mom -- woman' voice ( 0.s. ) what ? hope 's mother arrive . this be samantha ( 30' ) . samantha be pretty and pregnant . she 's a study in contrast : tough but emotional , sexy but a little tomboyish , and - at the moment - calm but completely throw by the sight of Danny Collins on she front doorstep . samantha whoa . hope told you . I tell you . you do not listen but I try to tell you . danny hi , I be Danny . samantha we know who you be . hope ( imitate ) yeah ! we know who you be ! samantha ( to hope ) settle , baby . Inside voice , okay ? samantha and hope look back up at Danny . hope I do not really know who you be . ( continued ) 38 39 36 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 Danny bend down , take in hope for the first time . he touch she face , gentle . up above they , samantha do not move , unsure what to do . Danny stand back up , offer forth he brown bag . danny I be unsure of what be appropriate to bring ... samantha he 's at work . danny so I bring bagel . samantha wow . okay . this be weird . I guess ... come in ? Danny follow they into the house . int . kitchen - continuous 39 we see family picture on the fridge . child drawing . a dirty pan in the sink . there be no granite top here . it 's warm , but tight . Danny , Sam , and hope sit in the small kitchen . samantha how do you -- danny I hire someone to track he down year ago . never get up the nerve until now . Danny put the bagel on the table . hope I want a bagel , can I have a bagel mommy ! ? as samantha start cream -cheesing a bagel for hope , she look at Danny . samantha wow . I mean ... wow on so many level . hope too much cream cheese mommy -- ( continued ) 39 continued : samantha realize what she 's do . 36a . ( continued ) 39 39 continued : 37 . ( 2 ) 39 samantha sorry , baby . danny how far along be you ? samantha six month . danny Boy or girl , do you know ? samantha boy. danny a boy . wow. samantha on so many level . ( beat , then ) I have to call he . danny of course . she walk over to the counter , keep a eye on Danny . danny ( cont 'd ) so ... hope , what grade be you in ? hope I just finish the first grade . my teacher be name Mrs. Williams . her aunt die last week so we have a substitute . he have a mustache . why be you on tv ? danny because I be a singer . hope be you a good singer ? danny no , not really . hope I do not think so . samantha hope ! danny ( smile ) why do not you think so ? ( continued ) 39 40 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 39 hope because when you be on the tv , daddy say '' shut it off , samantha , '' and mommy turn it off really fast , and then mommy say , '' Tom ? '' and daddy say , '' no '' and that be that . samantha start to say something , but then start talk into the phone ( he 's get on the line ) . as she talk , she step out of the room . samantha hey , so ... you fa ... Danny Collins just show up at the house . ( long beat ) uh-huh . I know . have bagel in the kitchen with hope. ( beat ) what be I suppose ... ( beat ) yes. okay . she hang up , return into the kitchen , put on a big fake smile , and announce : samantha ( cont 'd ) he 's come home . hope yay ! Danny look at samantha . she shrug . int . live room - later 40 hope be watch television , completely absorb . Danny and samantha sit awkwardly on the couch behind she , watch she watch the television . samantha I have so many question . danny ask away . samantha I can not think of any of they now . hope scream at the tv . samantha ( cont 'd ) hope ? calm , okay ? ( continued ) 40 39 . continued : 40 Danny look at hope ... currently run around in small circle , dance . it 's partially adorable , partially manic . danny she seem ... energetic . samantha severely hyperactive . learn issue , behavioral stuff , we do the best we can but it 's a battle -- why be you here ? the question 's delivery catch Danny by surprise . danny I be make some change . samantha it 's a little late for that , be not it ? danny maybe . I hope not . samantha lean back , think for a moment . then : samantha my husband be the best man I have ever meet . solid . kind . funny . we have have one fight . twelve year , one serious fight . two year ago , I get backstage pass to one of you show , think it be time he should ... at least meet you . ( then ) he disagree . he disagree strongly . danny so this be not go to be pretty ? samantha no . I would not imagine it will be . danny well , if you could help grease the wheel at all -- samantha Mr. Collins , my parent be dead . his mom be too . I would like my daughter to know she one remain grandparent , I would . ( more ) ( continued ) 40 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 samantha ( cont 'd ) I have like my husband to know he father . and i’1l admit to be a little star-struck by you . but in a minute , my husband be go to walk through that door . and when he do , I be confident that this will be the last time I ever see you . and despite you celebrity , and despite what I want for my family , I will not try and stop that . you do this to yourself . shame on you . Danny nods , understanding . danny that be good . samantha ( emotional ) I have be practice it in my head since you give I the bagel . Danny smile . danny he marry well . samantha yeah , I be pretty great . you see ? you really miss out . and just then : the front door open . there stand tom ( 40 ) . handsome . he wear boot , work clothes , clearly fresh off a construction job . he could not be dress less like the man currently sit on he couch . hope daddy ! daddy ! Tom 's eye remain fix on Danny as he hug hope ( who be become overwhelm by all the excitement ) . hope ( cont 'd ) ( hyper ) look who it be ! it 's the man from tv ! it 's the man from the tv that we see sing , and mommy say '' whoa '' and he bring bagel -- tom hope , easy . hope he bring bagel and mommy call you and now you be home early and -- ( continued ) 40 41 . continued : ( 3 ) 40 tom ( calmly ) hope ? she look up at he . Tom begin a adorable father - daughter calming ritual ; the whole time never break he '' if look could kill '' stare at Danny . tom ( cont 'd ) you favorite flower be a -- hope Rose ! tom to smell it you breathe through you ... she take a deep breath through she nose . it 's all a bit surreal : watch a man settle he daughter with a nursery rhyme while stare dagger at he long - lose father . tom ( cont 'd ) ( rhyme / glaring ) keep it in , long as you can go , then let it out , in one ... big ... blow . hope let out she breath , a bit settle . tom ( cont 'd ) ( to samantha ) hi honey . samantha hi baby . tom ( to Danny ) could I speak to you outside for a second ? danny of course . Danny stand , offer he hand to samantha . danny ( cont 'd ) if I have , then I be truly very sorry to have miss out on you . samantha ( formal ) thank you for the bagel . ( continued ) 42 . 40 continued : ( 4 ) 40 danny ( smile ) okay . Tom guide he daughter towards Danny . tom hope , say goodbye to Mr. Collins . hope Goodbye to Mr. Collins . tom Mr. Collins , say goodbye to hope . Danny kneel down , take a know last look at he granddaughter . danny ( sad smile ) Goodbye to hope . he stand , follow Tom out the door . 4l ext . tom and samantha's house - continuous 4l Tom close the door behind they . they stare at each other for a long beat . a really long beat . finally : danny you be so tall . tom ( calmly ) I be sorry . what exactly do you want ? danny I just -- tom be you sick ? be that why you be here ? be you die ? danny no . I be not sick . Danny take a deep breath , contemplate . then : danny ( cont 'd ) you have every right to be angry -- ( continued ) 4l continued : 43 . 41 tom I be not angry , I be really not . I be a little confuse , and strangely not interested . so if you have anything to ask I , go ahead , because this will be the last time we see each other . Danny nods . danny what do you do for a liv -- tom I work construction . local residential . not my dream job but it 's steady and Princeton be not exactly in the card . what else ? danny you mom -- — tom die of cancer ten year ago . never marry , never speak about you except to say it be a wild thing she do when she be twenty - three and get drunk backstage after a concert . I use she last name . anything else ? danny you be clearly very angry . tom I be not angry , I do not care enough to be angry . I be think about what I be go to tell my daughter about you , and I be think that I have to be back at work in twenty minute . be we do ? danny I have send you check . tom ripped they up . okay ? Nice to meet you , have a good life . Tom head back inside . one last question stop he . danny be you happy ? tom be I happy ? ( continued ) 4 l 42 43 44 44 , continued : ( 2 ) 41 danny do you have a happy life ? Tom turn around . he finally slow down a little . tom I hate my boss . Met break my heart every year . but I have the best wife in the history of wife . a amazing little girl . I wish I could do more for she . I would do anything for that . but yes . if it make you sleep better , I be happy . oh , and fuck you , you selfish prick . I be angry . Tom enter the house , slam the door behind he . Danny stand there for a moment , then trudge back to he car . cue song : beautiful Boy ( tbd ) write by John Lennon . ext . woodcliff lake hilton - later 42 Danny drive the car up toward the valet . nicky wait : nicky you be right ! Jamie talk to I today . she 's never talk to I before ! danny that 's good , kid . that 's real good . he trudge away , inside the hotel . int . woodcliff lake hilton lobby - continuous 43 Danny walk in , pass Jamie at the counter . jamie hey , Mr. Collins ! danny Jamie , how ya do ? Jamie be about to respond , but Danny do not wait for a reply . Jamie watch he go , surprised . int . HOTEL bar - later 44 Danny rest he head on the hotel bar , cheek to bar . he 's be here a while . his eye be close . ( continued ) 44 45 . continued : 44 Mary step into frame . mary Mr. Collins , how we do tonight ? Danny do not move , do not open he eye . danny peachy , thanks for ask . mary that 's good . Real glad to hear that . neither of they move . Danny just lie there . Mary just stand there . after a beat : mary ( cont 'd ) Mr. Collins ? danny ( head still down ) yes ? mary wonder if you could help I with something ? when a famous musician start get fall - down drunk at a hotel bar , and you be the manager of that hotel , be there a protocol on how to handle the situation ? we have have a shortage of famous fall - down drunk musician here lately and I 'ma bit out of my depth . Danny finally open he eye , look up . danny I have a bad day . mary okay . he point at he glass . danny that 's just water . mary yes , but that 's because the ice melt . Danny nod . he suddenly look very vulnerable . ( continued ) 44 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 danny please do not be mean to I . I really do have a bad day . she nod , sigh . mary yeah , well , I have a bad day , too . she sit down next to Danny , three seat away . Danny look over at she . she 's stare into space . danny can I buy you a drink ? Mary look at Danny , blankly . Danny press on . danny ( cont 'd ) wine spritzer ? Bay Breeze ? something froz -- Mary whistle . mary josh ? tequila , rock , something afiejo . splash of soda . bartender right away , boss . Danny look at Mary , surprised . mary you be not the only rock star in this hotel . danny apparently not . Danny take in Mary . she 's back look off into space . this be two very lose soul . danny ( cont 'd ) why have you have a bad day ? mary oh , because I work with a bunch of well - meaning but remarkably dim twenty - somethings who be just pass time until they go back to school . and one of they screw up the computer system and it take I half the day to reprogram every reservation manually . her drink be deliver , she take a sip . ( continued ) 44 45 47 . continued : ( 3 ) 44 mary ( cont 'd ) you ? Danny take a sip , brace himself . then : danny I track down my grow son who I have never meet before . met he , he wife , my granddaughter . then he tell I , quite emphatically , to fuck off and die . she process this , then : mary every reservation , each one have to be reprogrammed manually . I hope I make that clear . Danny laugh . Mary lean forward , serious . mary ( cont 'd ) can I ask you a question ? danny not if it 's about why I have never meet my son until today . mary shit . that be my question . they sit there for a long beat , then , turn back to the bar , and sip they drink in silence . int . HOTEL bar - later 45 they be still just sit there , sip . finally : danny we have lose we patter . Mary nods , sip . after a long beat ... mary I see you in concert once . about five year ago . danny yeah ? mary my husb -- ( correct ) my ex be a fan . he love it . ( continued ) 45 46 48 . continued : 45 danny and you ? mary I appreciate you ... zeal . danny ( '' ouch '' ) shit . mary '' Zeal 's '' not awful . danny '' Zeal 's '' not great . a beat . then Danny laugh . danny ( cont 'd ) '' Zeal 's not awful , zeal 's not great . '' I be tell you , Mary , this be some kind of patter we have ! we should take this on the road , we could be the new Nichols and May . she shrug , take a sip . a long beat of silence , then : mary May and Nichols . Danny look up . mary ( cont 'd ) I would want top billing . Danny smile . CUT to : int . HOTEL bar - later 46 we pick they up , many minute ( and many drink ) later . Danny now stand near Mary , who sit face he ( back to bar ) . danny --. and then he write , '' what do you think about that , Danny Collins ? '' mary ( repeat , laugh ) John Lennon write , '' what do you think about that , Danny Collins ! ? '' ( continued ) 46 47 49 , continued : 46 danny yes . ( as if answer ) I do not know , John . I think you should have send the letter to my house so I could have avoid live a bullshit life for the past forty year , that 's what I think . Mary explode in laughter . dissolve to : later that night 47 as Mary reveal herself a little in front of a fireplace inside the bar : mary she 's eighteen now . Rick and I split last year . yeah , most parent try and wait till the kid leave for college but we try to do it at the time when it would screw she up most . danny do it work ? mary oh , yeah . she 's a complete mess . hate both of we . but guess what ? danny what ? Mary lean in , whisper conspiratorially : mary she hate he more . danny perfect ! Mary suddenly become emotional and vulnerable : mary okay I do not like joke about this anymore . I be a good mother , I swear . danny ( whoa ) no , I know . ( continued ) 47 48 continued : 50 . 47 mary I be just try to be funny . danny I know ! mary ( completely go ) we do split up at the worst time possible but I do not think she hate I . oh , maybe she do . I do not want any more tequila ! she 's cry now , but also laugh . it 's incredibly appeal . later that night 48 a quieter moment : mary I go on match.com last week . danny how be that ? mary I start fill out a profile . divorce . grown daughter . Hotel manager . I start cry . I start cry from my own profile . ( then ) Rick will find some fun young thing . my daughter will go off to college next year . ( then ) I be go to be alone for the rest of my life . danny not if you marry I . mary yes , well , I 'il keep that in my hip pocket , thank you . danny hey , I be great at be marry . done it three time . ( then ) my second wife be actually one of the star of gilligan 's Island . Mary look up . ( continued ) 48 49 51 . continued : 48 mary Ginger ? he shake he head '' no . '' suddenly , Mary get it . scream ! mary ( cont 'd ) Mary Ann ! he smile . mary ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! you be marry to Mary Ann !? that 's insane ! int . danny's HOTEL room - later 49 Danny sit at the piano , look at he hotel stationary pad . Mary , meanwhile , be look at the letter from lennon . mary you better have something to play I . because if this be just a lame attempt to get I to you room - — danny I have something to play you . mary ( be : letter ) this be truly unreal . she shake she head , put the letter down . Danny settles . he 's nervous . danny okay , so , I have not write anything in a long time and -- mary why ? danny nothing to write about , I guess . and I be not a great pianist to begin with so -- mary enough stalling , Collins . play it . Danny crack he neck , then : ( continued ) 49 51a . continued : he start play . he 's play the same melody he start back in the fancy studio of he mansion , before he would receive Lennon 's letter . but now it have word . ( continued ) 49 49 52 . continued : ( 2 ) 49 Danny start to sing ... the music be simple , the melody and lyric wrenching . danny it 's spring in my mind / but the autumn leave they fall / as I be walk by / I collect they all ... Danny stop , look up . mary keep go , keep go ! danny that 's as far as I get . Mary look confuse . danny ( cont 'd ) honestly , this kind of be just a lame attempt to get you to my room . mary Jesus Christ . Mary shake she head , stand . danny come on ! stay ! I be a old man with ten scotch in he . the odd of anything risqué happen here be very , very slim . mary ( with a smile ) goodnight , Danny . danny ( give up ) goodnight , Mary . she stop at the door . mary the song 's beautiful , Danny . a little short , but it 's go to be beautiful . danny thank you . she exit the room , stop in the hallway . ( continued ) 49 continued : ( 3 ) mary and hey , about what we talk about ? you should not give up . 52a . ( continued ) 49 49 50 51 53 . continued : ( 4 ) danny I agree . ( then , immediately ) Mary , will you have dinner with I tomorrow ? mary not that . you son . Danny smile . danny I know . mary okay . ( then ) but do not give up on dinner either . danny ( immediately ) Mary , will you have dinner with -- but the door close before he can finish . on danny completely smitten ... and maybe even a little inspire . 49 CUT to : int . woodcliff lake hilton - next morning HOTEL guest ( and a lot of dentist ) be cramme around the glass door , look inside ... int . woodcliff lake hilton business CENTER —- continuous where national icon Danny Collins sit at a computer wear only a HOTEL robe and slipper . he have paper scattered around he , everywhere . - he take note . - he send fax . - he make call . - in between he behave as if he 's eloise at the Plaza : line cook bring in a plate from the breakfast buffet . newspaper be deliver . coffee refill be serve . a tailor measure he for a new suit jacket . 50 51 a a ( continued ) 51 52 54 . continued : 51 - we hear and see bit and piece of everything : Danny explain who he be over the phone . Danny give a credit card number . Danny ask how quickly whatever he 's plan can happen . outside the business CENTER spectator watch . Jamie approach nicky from behind ( he do not see she ) . jamie what 's he do ? nicky he 's bitch slappin 's the business center be what he 's -- ( then , see she ) oh , hey . Mary push through the spectator to see what 's go on . she see Danny pace around inside , a man possess . she smile , do not interrupt . ext . tom and samantha 's house - next day 52 a quiet morning in the neighborhood . the same suburban dad now water he lawn next door . danny's giant tour bus pull up to the curb , catch the dad 's attention . it dwarf the entire street , take out branch at it come to a stop . and out step Danny Collins , wear one of he finest get-up . Danny walk towards he son 's front door . as he pass , he nods to the neighbor . danny mornin 's . suburban dad ( stunne ) hi. Danny ring the bell ( he forget it do not work ) , then knock per usual . the door open . it 's samantha : samantha ( be : Danny ) oh fuck I . ( continued ) 52 continued : danny Language , dear . 54a . ( continued ) 52 52 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 52 hope run to the door , see Danny . hope we don ’t want you music ! Danny bend down , confuse . danny you do not want my music ? samantha explain , pointedly : samantha Tom explain to hope the other day how you be a musician and how some musician go door to door to sell they music . danny ohhh . okay . samantha ( still explain ) but we be not interested in buy any music . much the same way some people be not interested in buy girl scout cookie . do not mean we be rude , just that we be not interested in buy any music . danny no , I get it . possibly more complicated a explanation than require for a seven year old , but okay . hope spot the bus . hope mommy look , mommy look , do you see this ? samantha ( to Danny ) just out run some errand ? hope run for it . samantha ( cont 'd ) hope ! danny ( call out ) Jimmy . ( continued ) 52 56 . continued : ( 3 ) 52 a driver ( Jimmy ) get out . he open a door for hope , let she in . danny ( cont 'd ) she 's fine , he 's get she . Tom arrive at the door , see Danny . tom ( be : Danny 's presence ) be you fuck kid I ? danny oh good , we be all here . tom you have a hell of a nerve -- danny have you hear of the New compass School , in Manhattan ? Tom stop . tom what ? danny it 's one of the most progressive private school in the country . it use ... hold on : he pull a piece of paper out of he pocket , read : danny ( cont 'd ) '' a multimodal approach toward treat child with learn issue , particularly adhd . '' ( then ) I pull some string . you have a interview in two hour . hope pop out of the bus . hope it have a shower !!! and she 's back inside . Tom turn back toward Danny . tom do you really think that we have not look into every school -- ( continued ) 52 continued : ( 4 ) danny well you have not look into this one . tom and how exactly do you know that ? 56A . ( continued ) 52 52 a53 57 . continued : ( 5 ) 52 danny ( quietly ) because you can not afford it . Tom step forward , he 's have enough . tom you know what -- samantha ( sharply ) Tom . Tom go quiet , then : tom Stephen , would you mind you fuck business please . behind they , they nosy landscaping neighbor slip out of frame . samantha motion towards Danny to continue . Danny take the opportunity . danny people wait two year to get a interview . you have one in two hour . samantha look at Tom . Tom say nothing . danny ( cont 'd ) just give I one day to do something good for you . then I be go forever . you will still go to heaven ' cause you be so damn tolerant , and I 'il still go to hell because you can not buy redemption . everyone win . Tom look at samantha . she clearly want this . he shake he head . there 's no stop this train . danny ( cont 'd ) if you guy want to bring any friend , there 's room . int . tour bus —- later a53 the three adult awkwardly sit in the enormous bus as hope run around like a maniac . 53 57a . ext . new compass school - two hour later 53 like many top private school in Manhattan , it 's a mansion convert into a school . it look like a place superhero in a X - Men prequel should attend . the tour bus sit outside . 54 58 . int . new compass school - later 54 the family stand in the middle of the school , stare . it 's awe -inspire . hope this be a school ? samantha I be not sure , baby . a man ( 40' ) enter in workout clothes . this be the headmaster , ryan kurtz . he 's read from a clipboard . kurtz sorry to keep you wait . and sorry I be dress like Jack lalanne , I be elastic - only on the weekend . I be Dr. kurtz , the headmaster here -- tom Tom donn -- kurtz ( be : Danny ) Holy cow , you really be Danny Collins ! kurtz beeline for Danny . Tom continue introduce himself , even though kurtz be no longer listen . tom ( to no one ) -- Tom donnelly , my wife , samantha , we daughter , hope , my ball be in my wife 's purse , if you be lucky you can meet they later . samantha smile , smack he . Danny shake kurtz 's hand . kurtz wow , see you in person be way different than talk to you on the phone . danny good to meet you , doc. kurtz turn to Tom . kurtz and you must be hope . ( continued ) 54 55 59 . continued : 54 tom ( not that amused ) Tom . kurtz feign confusion , turn toward samantha . kurtz then ... you must be hope . samantha samantha . kurtz then who 's hope ? hope , of course , find this routine hysterical . hope I be hope ! I be hope ! over here , that 's I , I be hope - - samantha easy , baby . kurtz smile . kurtz let I show you guy around . we be only half speed during we summer camp program but you can still get a sense of the place . they follow he off . Danny hold still , unsure what to do . kurtz ( cont 'd ) c'mon , you . you start all this . Danny hesitates , look toward Tom . Tom , exasperate , throw up he hand in defeat . int . new compass school - moment later 55 kurtz lead they through the unbelievable facility ... technology - fill classroom and a college level gymnasium catch the eye . hope run ahead , excited . tom hope ! kurtz she 's fine . ( continued ) 60 . 55 continued : 55 samantha keep she eye on hope as she talk to kurtz ( who read hope 's paperwork as he walk ) . samantha when first grade start , she really start have trouble . tom we have have she work with a private tutor once a week and I do exercise with she every night . she have a really hard time focus , retain information -- danny ( interrupt ) it 's be a real struggle . Tom look at Danny , shocked by he chutzpah . kurtz lower the clipboard , look at samantha and Tom . kurtz most school try to train child like hope to fit into they system . we prefer to tailor a program to fit the child 's need . ( to Danny ) we call that we IEP . tom and that 's --? danny individualized Educational Program , right ? IEP ? they all look over at Danny , glass on , studiously read note from he stationary pad . kurtz you have do you homework , Mr. Collins . kurtz lead samantha into the next room . we hang on Danny who smile , proud of himself . tom you have fun ? danny Little bit of fun , yes . I be very excited . Danny walk past tom. Tom sigh , follow after ... ( continued ) 61 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 a56 int . new compass school - moment later a56 we pan off a line of child 's shoe until we land on a final pair : that belong to hope . she be mesmerize watch a roomful of ballet student , dance in unison . he parent be watch she . samantha and so this whole place be just a elementary school ? kurtz ( confuse ) elementary and middle . we have carry hope until 8th grade , then we have place she in -- tom I be sorry , I be sorry . we live over a hour outside the city . how would she even -- danny she ’1ll have a driver . every day , to and from school . everything will be take care of , through college . it will be in write . kurtz a more formal interview be require , obviously . but consider Mr. Collins 's generous donation and what I see in hope 's record ... I suspect the interview will go well . ( then ) I do not usually come in ona Saturday , if you catch my drift . he smile at Danny , turn back to Tom and samantha . kurtz ( cont 'd ) you have a lot to discuss . but trust I : you want this . this can change the course of hope 's life . ( then ) you have get a good grandpa here . if thing could possibly get more complicated , they just do . ( continued ) a56 61a . continued : a56 kurtz ( cont 'd ) I 'o 1l give you all a minute . he exit . the family be leave alone . a beat , then Danny clap . ( continued ) a56 56 57 58 59 60 61 continued : 62 . ( 2 ) as6 danny okay , so that conclude the educational portion of the day , now for the fun stuff -- tom whoa , whoa , what be you talk abo -- danny I ask for a day , Tom -- tom but - — danny -- and you agree to give I a day . samantha , he do agree to give I a day , do not he ? samantha I do not know if '' agree '' be the right word -- danny samantha . samantha he agree to give you a day . Danny smile . danny well last I check - day be not over yet . Tom and samantha share a look . omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 63 . ext . tom and samantha's house - later 62 the tour bus pull to a stop in front . int . tour bus —- continuous 63 we pan through the back of the bus , now filled to the brim with bag from toy R we . on the van 's couch , hope be asleep on Tom 's lap . she clutches multiple toy in she arm , as well as the remnant of something that be formerly ice cream . she 's clearly have the day of she life . samantha open the door to the bus , step out . samantha here , I 'il take she . tom you sure ? samantha I be carry one of you kid already , what 's another ? Tom smile . she take hope , turn to Danny . samantha ( cont 'd ) um , so ... her eye well up . samantha ( cont 'd ) I want to say something but I be afraid I be go to be too nice . Danny smile , take she off the hook . danny goodnight , samantha . samantha just ... thank you . I think . yes , definitely . thank you . she awkwardly exit , carry hope ( and some toy ) with she . on danny and tom alone . Father and son , face off . no one speak . it 's a mexican standoff . finally - surprisingly - it be Tom that make the first move . ( continued ) 63 continued : silence . 64 . 63 tom ( serious ) you be a ridiculous man . this hang there . tom ( cont 'd ) I have spend my entire life try to become the kind of man you be not . I be exhaust . you have no idea how exhaust that have be . Danny think , explain : he pause . silence . danny when I meet you mother ... I be strung out , on God know what . when I find out , I try to send she money . she refuse it . over the year , I always want to find you , but ... danny ( cont 'd ) my life be extreme . the drug . woman . Travel . I do not think much of myself . I think you be better off with a normal life . and then , by the time I realize ... I do not know . I do not know how I allow it to go this long . Tom finally lean forward . tom what you do today - you slate be clean with I . but that 's as far as this go . danny I want to be a part of you life . tom no . I can not handle that right now . danny I can not just walk away from this . tom well , you be go to have to because it 's just not a good time -- ( continued ) 63 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 danny not a good time , what do that mean , not a good time -- tom I be sick . it come out quickly , strongly , and unintentionally . the car go silent . tom ( cont 'd ) shit . Danny be lose . danny what the hell be you talk about ? what do you mean you be sick ? Tom shake he head . he do not want to do this . finally , he give in . tom it 's what Mom die ... ( beat , then ) it 's in the blood . it 's pretty bad . Danny look stunne . a long , silent beat as he process . then : danny be you fuck kid I !? Tom look up , surprised . danny ( cont 'd ) I just meet you ! I mean , you have get to be fuck kid I ! this hang there , awkwardly . Danny take a breath , regroup . danny ( cont 'd ) okay , obviously that be not a great reaction . I be sorry . tom no , do not be silly ! I be the one who should be sorry . after all : you be Danny Collins ! what business do I have get in the way of you happy end ? ( continued ) 63 continued : 66 . ( 3 ) 63 danny Tom - — tom tell I : how do this all go in the little movie you have play in you head ? you show up out of nowhere , fix my kid 's life , and we hold hand and cry as the music swell ? be that it ? danny ( reach for he ) I do not mean to -- tom do not you fuck touch I . you want a taste of the real world ? you want '' normal '' ? well here it be , superstar : I have get a two hundred thousand dollar mortgage , a pregnant wife , and oh yeah , a rare form of leukemia that 's probably gonna kill I . welcome home , daddy , see what you have miss ? Danny 's head be spin . danny I do not know what to say . tom I do not need you to say anything , I need you to leave . I have to go inside before Sam ask I what we be talk about -- danny wait , wait , wait , hold on ... she do not know ? Tom say nothing . danny ( cont 'd ) be you insane ? tom I get a great doc in the city . Three week of this target therapy thing . it 's like a chemo but I do not lose my hair or anything . they can tell within a month if I have respond at all . if I do , maybe I have a chance . if not , it happen quick . ( continued ) 63 continued : ( 4 ) Danny shake he head , try to process this . 66a . ( continued ) 63 63 continued : 67 . ( 5 ) 63 danny samantha -- tom be six month into a rough pregnancy . after the baby , then I tell she . he stop , retain he calm . silence . tom ( cont 'd ) I be go to work a job in delaware for three week . that 's all she know . danny you ’1ll need help . have you tell anyone ? a friend ? tom she 's my friend . ( then ) you be actually the only person who know . danny Jesus . tom you be tell I . they sit there with that for a moment . danny okay . well , I 'il be there then . tom be where ? danny there . wherever you need I . tom I do not need you . danny well you need someone , Tom and if you think you do not you have you head up you ass . and , however it happen , it appear I be what you have get at the moment . so I be go to help you with this , and it 's not open for discussion . ( continued ) 63 continued : ( 6 ) but - — tom 67a . ( continued ) 63 63 A64 64 65 68 . continued : ( 7 ) 63 danny it 's not open for discussion , Tom . it 's authoritative . fatherly . Tom stare at Danny blankly , suddenly confuse by all the dynamics at play . ext . STREET - moment later b64 Tom stand outside the bus ( surround by bag of toy ) . for the first time since we have meet he , he look like a lose little boy . Tom watch the bus drive away . it take out two tree branch . back inside the bus 64 now in the clear , Danny drop the performance . he slump against he seat , overwhelm . int . woodcliff lake hilton - later 65 Danny walk into the lobby . Mary see he , smile . mary how would it go ? Danny do not even break stride . danny yeah ... it be just ... yeah . yeah . Mary dovetail in behind he as he walk . mary hey , c’mon ! family can be messy sometimes . danny that be true . that be definitely true in this case . he push a button on the elevator door . mary Danny ! you be meeting you grow son for the first time . you do not think it be go to be easy , do you ? Danny laugh a little . ( continued ) 65 68a . continued : 65 danny I think it be gonna be fuck easier than this . the elevator door open , Danny get in . he 's almost daze . danny ( cont 'd ) every part of I want to just get completely souse with you right now . but I think I be go to just go upstairs instead . that 's good , right ? Mary nods . mary write . she pull a Hilton pen out of she jacket pocket , hand it to he . Danny look at she . smile a little . the elevator door close . 66 67 68 69 . int . danny 's HOTEL room - later ( night ) 66 Danny sit at the piano , look at the letter from lennon . next to he he have he cheap pad and pen . we can see that he 's write down lyric . a lot of lyric . he begin to play the song we have hear he start twice . but this time , he play it all the way through . the song cover a ... montage - over the next month danny ( sing ) it 's spring in my mind / but the Autumn leave , they fall ... we pan to the lyric sheet and read ( as we hear ) : danny ( 0.s ) ( cont ’d ) ( sing ) as I be walk by / I collect they all ... on '' collect they all '' we head to ... ext . construction site - day 67 Tom leave he site , signing off for the day . Danny sit out front , in he car . Tom spot the mercede immediately ( hard not to spot at the construction site ) . Danny wave he toward the car . Tom shake he head , put down he tool , and get in the car without a word . we hang on the toolkit before head to ... int . oncology office - day 68 a different type of toolkit - medical gear . a doctor give Tom a iv . Danny stand by he side . we see that Danny 's Hilton '' lyric '' pad have become a pad fill with medical term : word like '' cladribine '' and '' lymphocytic '' and '' run down '' and '' prone to infection '' now mingle with lyric about '' spring '' and '' fall . '' ( continued ) 68 69 69a . continued : 68 doctor silverman okay , Mr. donnelly , the next few week be not go to be pleasant . you ready for this ? Tom nods . Danny watch , concerned . as the nurse go to work on Tom , we rise up ... ext . the lex HOTEL - afternoon 69 still rising , on a NYC STREET ... revealing a boutique hotel . expensive look . we watch from across the street as we familiar piano mover ( and Van ) once more try to navigate a piano into a ( new ) hotel . 70 71 72 a73 73 70 . int . HOTEL room - later ( day ) 70 on that piano as Danny orchestrate the move of the instrument into a hotel room ( a bigger room , of course , but needless to say - still a challenge ) . Tom lie in a bed in the sleep area of the suite . danny I get the adjoin room but the piano will not fit . this okay ? Tom shake he head and wave it in , give up . Danny walk past camera and ... ext . tom and samantha's house - morning 71 across a familiar lawn . he avoid the break doorbell and just knock . samantha open the door . she 's surprised to see he and , clearly , unsure what to do . Danny hold up he recurrent peace offer : a bag of bagel . samantha hesitates , then ... let he inside . int . danny 's HOTEL room - night 72 we go back to Danny in he room , now play the chorus of he song . pull back to reveal that Mary now sit in the room with he , listen pull back further to reveal : Danny 's cell phone , vibrate on the nightstand next to the Lennon letter . it 's '' frank . '' it go to voice -mail . int . franks office - night a73 Frank hang up the phone , concerned . look at a photo of he and Danny on he desk . from the photo of Danny to ... ext . woodcliff lake hilton - afternoon 73 real -life danny , as he tentatively hand nicky ernst the key to he mercede and watch jamie hop in the front seat . ( continued ) 73 74 75 76 71-72 . continued : 73 nicky give Danny a thumb up , and take off . Way too fast . Danny step back . Mary stand there . she look at he , smile , and mouth the word : mary you be fuck crazy . int . tom 's HOTEL room - early evening 74 Tom rest on a couch , recuperate . Danny sit adjacent . they watch jeopardy together , in silence . Danny look at Tom , notice something . he get up , bring he some water , feel he forehead . Tom do what he can to resist , but Danny be determine and win out . Danny motion to some soup ( uneaten ) on the table . danny I get you chicken noodle soup . tom I do not like chicken noodle soup . silence . from one '' table '' we head to ... int . tom and samantha 's house - afternoon 75 another . Danny sit at the kitchen table with hope , drawing picture with she . one of she picture be a draw of her family . she 's include '' gran pa . '' samantha cook in the background , watch . she smile . we push in on the '' daddy '' in hope 's picture while it lead we to ... omitted 76 ( continued ) 76 77 continued : omitted 73 . ( continued ) 76 77 77 78 79 a80 74 . continued : 77 int . oncology office - morning 78 Tom . treatment complete , he get final instruction from Doctor silverman . as the Doctor talk , Danny write everything down on he stationary pad . doctor silverman okay , Tom , so three week from today , we will look at result together , hope for the best . they shake , say they goodby . int . danny 's HOTEL room - evening 79 where Danny finish the final verse of the song , the lyric sheet now completely cover by lyric and cancer terminology . Danny look across the room at Mary , nervously . Mary clap , step forward . end montage . int . tom 's HOTEL room - evening a80 Tom and Danny sit in front of the tv in silence . the uneaten soup sit in front of Tom . Danny stare at it . finally , he can take it no more . danny you just do not like chicken noodle soup ? just unilaterally do not like it ? tom no. silence . danny how the fuck can you not like chicken noodle soup ? tom I do not like noodle , okay !? they get soggy and it make I think of worm . ( then , admit ) ( more ) ( continued ) a80 b80 74a . continued : a80 tom ( cont 'd ) my uncle take I fishing once and freak I out about worm . danny how do he -- tom he rip one in half with he hand and then eat half the worm to fuck with I . and now when I see noodle I think of my big fat slob of a uncle eat half of a bloody fuck worm , okay ? ( then , meekly ) I like tomato soup . a beat . danny so you just never eat chicken noodle soup ? tom ( exasperate ) would you get the hell out of my room please ? Danny storm out . danny ( enraged ) do not like chicken noodle soup . what kind of person do not like -- the door slam . Tom shake he head . int . tom 's HOTEL room - night b80 Tom lie in bed , read . he 's finally get some peace , quiet , and alone time . his eye lock on ... Danny 's piano . sitting in the corner of the room . Tom stand , go over to it . touches a key . then another . he slowly begin figure out the basic chord of Danny 's recent song . it take he a moment to self - correct but soon ... he 's play it . quietly hum the melody . he smile , slowly become comfortable with the song . and just then ... danny ( 0.s. ) I get you tomato soup . Tom jolt . stops. stands . Danny stand at the door , with takeout food , watch . ( continued ) b80 continued : silence . it 's a str this be di 74b . b80 danny ( cont 'd ) have you always be able to play by ear ? danny ( cont 'd ) start for I around eight year old . my mother would sing , I could play the chord . you ? ange thing to not be able to admit , but clearly fficult for Tom . tom I can just do it , you know ? it 's not like I be mozart or anything but -- danny you be bear with it . get you mother 's look , but you get that from I , I guess . Danny walk over to the piano . Tom sigh , he . danny ( cont 'd ) sit down . tom I do not want to -- danny oh for Christ sake , Tom , sit down . there be no movie leave to rent and you be two key off . sit . Danny put the food down , sit next to danny ( cont 'd ) here . on the bridge you should be at E , not cc . tom ( stand ) I do not know what any of that mean . Danny catch he arm , stop he . danny well then let I teach you , you petulant little fucker . ( continued ) 74c. b80 continued : ( 2 ) b80 and as Danny begin to teach he son to play piano we continue the song through ... c 80 75 . int . danny 's HOTEL room - day c80 Danny sit at the piano , write feverishly . there 's a knock at the door . danny come in ! it 's un - bolt - y-thing have . the door open , it 's Mary . she hold up a piece of paper . mary get you note . danny talk to I . what have you think ? because I be think of change the whole verse . just a complete overhaul , lyrically . Mary read from the paper . mary picture from my life / as I be walk down the hall / as I be walk by / I collect they all . Danny clap . danny so !? what do you think ? mary you be aware I have no basis in musical knowledge or theory ? danny I be . mary but you still want my opinion ? danny I do . mary as someone with no basis in musical knowledge or theory ... I kind of like it better how it be . with the leave . Danny look up . danny yeah ? ( continued ) c80 75a . continued : c80 mary yeah . Danny throw down he pen , change tone . danny yeah , I too , honestly Mary : I be really just try to get you to my room again . ( then ) so can I take you to dinner now ? mary play it in concert , then you can take I to dinner . danny you be such a dinner tease . there 's a knock at the door . Danny go to answer . mary I be not a dinner tease . danny you be a huge dinner tease . Danny answer the door . Frank stand there . he do not look happy . frank I have be call . danny Frank ! frank this be my second time in New Jersey in two month . I be not happy about it , Danny . danny sorry , sorry , I owed you a call , you know how I get when I be write . he tap Frank 's cheek . danny ( cont 'd ) look at this face ! be this a face I love or what ? great to see you , Frank ! sorry again , busy few week . Frank look inside , see Mary . ( continued ) 75b . c80 continued : ( 2 ) c80 frank apparently . ( then ) May I ? Danny motion for Frank to come in . Danny make introduction . danny Mary , my manager and best friend , Frank grubman . Frank , this be Mary . she be my new girlfriend . frank ( surprised ) really ? Mary shake she head no . ( continued ) c80 76 . continued : ( 3 ) c80 danny well , I be hopeful . at some point , obviously , she will have dinner with I . ( to Frank ) huge dinner tease . mary I be not . danny she keep move the goalpost for dinner . Mary laugh . Frank watch , perplex . what 's with all the cutesy ? where the hell have he pal Danny go ? frank Mary , would you mind if I hada word with Danny in private ? mary no , of course . Mary take she leave . danny dinner tonight ? mary you be ridiculous . giggling , Mary close the door . Danny look at Frank , smile . danny right ? frank ( admit ) she 's lovely . danny and age appropriate . frank not really . danny baby step . Frank smile , sit . Danny sit next to he . frank we need to talk . ( continued ) c80 continued : 77 . ( 4 ) c80 danny we do . I have a lot to tell you about , pal -- frank Danny , unfortunately I have get the manager hat back on right now . Danny nod . something 's clearly wrong . he change tone , serious . danny what 's up ? Frank think . how to say this ? frank do you remember a few year ago we be watch that thing on espn about Mike tyson ? and they be say how even though he have make like twenty million a fight , he have blow it all , and now he could barely afford to feed the pigeon on he roof ? Danny process this . then , childlike , ask : danny I be Mike tyson ? frank well , not quite , but ... I have be go over thing with Bill and you be not quite where you think you be . Danny nod , stay calm . danny okay . where be I ? frank you be a little bit ahead , once we sell property . but just a little . Danny let this sink in . danny I do not understand . how ? frank lot of thing . we should not have sell you publishing rights so early . ( more ) ( continued ) c80 continued : 78 . ( 5 ) c80 frank ( cont 'd ) all the property , the housing market have collapse . the private plane , you lifestyle , the madoff thing absolutely kill you , as you know . you be not bankrupt or anything , but you need to understand how serious this be . danny okay , I understand . ( then ) what do I do ? frank one of two thing : you start live like a normal human - buy a prius , fly Continental , that kind of shit ... or you go back on tour . this last tour be my retirement plan for you . we have a big piece : merchandise , concession -- danny no , I know . they sit in silence for a long beat . danny ( cont 'd ) I have be write , Frank . frank Danny - — danny it 's good . I be tell you , Mary think it 's really good . frank the woodcliff Lake Hotel manager ? oh , okay . well now I feel better . danny careful . Frank ease up . danny ( cont 'd ) just book I a gig . frank a '' gig ? '' danny something local . not a arena . like what springsteen would do if he be just pop in somewhere . ( continued ) c 80 80 79 . continued : ( 6 ) c80 frank '' like what springsteen would do ? '' Danny , do you even hear yourself . danny I be tell you : the new stuff will play . then we tour . and the bonus be that I will not have to feel like kill myself every night . Frank sigh , shake he head . stands . frank okay . Frank stop at the door , turn . frank ( cont 'd ) just do not buy any pigeon . Frank exit . Danny think for a beat , then he sit back at he piano and continue work ... a man possess . pre - lap : a spoon clink on glass , signal a toast . danny ( 0.s. ) if I could have you attention please ? ext . tom and samantha's house - morning ( day later ) 80 Tom , samantha , hope , and Danny sit on lawn chair at a makeshift inflatable pool . samantha be even more pregnant now ... she 's huge . Danny have allow hope ( in pool ) to tap a spoon on he coffee mug . he have a announcement . danny so I be play a gig at a bar Friday night . tom ( amused ) a " gig " ? hope what 's a gig ? danny it 's where I sing in front of people , hon . ( continued ) 79a . 80 continued : 80 hope I want to hear you sing . danny and I want you to hear I sing . more than anything . but only if it 's okay with you parent . ( continued ) 80 continued : 80 . ( 2 ) 80 samantha ( concerned ) it 's at a bar ? danny upscale bar . cover charge , cocktail menus , a real '' gig '' type gig , you know ? tom ( amused ) you be play somewhere with a '' cover charge '' ? be time that tough ? hold on : will you have enough room to prance ? danny ha . Sam smile . hope giggle , not get the joke but enjoy that she parent be . danny ( cont 'd ) it 's really more of a small music venue , like a theater . ( off they look ) seriously ! there will be a section - off table for you and everything . Tom and samantha share a look , still hesitant . but Danny danny ( cont 'd ) show start at 7:30 . done by 9:00 . late but not too late . tom can you fan even stay conscious till 9:00 ? someone better warn the bar that they could have a room full of snore old woman . honey ? samantha ( with a smile ) I ’‘1l call they , give they a head up . be serious , ignore the teasing . danny it 's a big one for I . ( plead ) it would help if I could see this cheek . ( continued ) 80 81 . continued : ( 3 ) 80 he squeeze hope 's cheek . she giggle . Tom shrug at samantha . it 's she call . samantha okay . hope and Danny share a high five . hope this cheek will be there . everyone laugh , but laugh make Tom cough , loudly . samantha go to get he water . samantha ( to Danny ) do you hear this ? ( then , to Tom ) would you get yourself to the doctor already , Tom ? Danny look at Tom . Tom quickly look away . tom it 's just a little bug . samantha Little bug , it 's be ever since you get back . hope , be you daddy the most stubborn man on the planet ? hope do not be so stubborn , daddy . tom I be fine , really . samantha feel he head . samantha he insist on walk around like the live dead instead of get antibiotic . stubborn man . hope stubborn man . samantha smile , kiss hope 's head . Tom and Danny share a look but say nothing . over the top of they silence we : cue SOUND : thump . thump . thump . 81 82 82. omitted 81 int . dressing room - meanwhile 82 the ritual : Danny 's hand come into frame , touch ... the gold cross , which drop down into he chest . but instead of open the cross in search of drug , now the hand lower , touch : the letter from lennon . sitting on a nearby table . a source of inspiration . we pull back , revealing : danny for the first time since we have know he , Danny be not dress like a borderline Vegas pimp . he 's wear casual clothes . slack . he look ... frank ( 0.s. ) Jesus , you look like Lee trevino . Danny look up , Frank stand there . Danny smile . danny samantha take I shopping . you ever hear of this place , '' banana Republic ? '' amazing place . Frank chuckle , enter . frank okay : house be pack . the band 's out there and ready . phil can step in on piano if you need he on you new one . he look at Danny . Danny smile , shake he head '' no . '' Frank nod , continue . frank ( cont 'd ) you family 's up front . I save a spot for Mary with they . Danny nod , deep breath . then , notice : ( continued ) 82 83 . continued : 82 danny speak of the devil . Frank turn , follow Danny 's gaze . mary stand at the door . Frank smile , take he leave . frank break a leg , kid . danny just tell I whose . the old joke . Frank wink and exit . we hold on Danny in the mirror as we hear ... frank ( 0.s. ) yeah , just go on in . he will be thrilled to see you . Danny look up . Mary walk into frame ( in the mirror ) . mary just come to wish you luck . ( beat ) you nervous ? danny Mary , I have do this a zillion time and I have never be nervous . Hand to God , not once . ( then ) I be nervous as hell . she nod , understanding . he snap out of it , feign calm . danny ( cont 'd ) look like you be finally go to have to let I buy you dinner . mary let 's see how you do first . Danny smile . danny ( playful ) okay , okay . put a little more pressure on I tonight , I see what you be do . she laugh , walk to the door , stop . ( continued ) 82 continued : she exit . 83a . ( 2 ) 82 mary it 's a weird thing to say , I know , consider I have not know you very long . but I be very proud of you , Danny Collins . Danny take a deep breath , stand . 83 omitted 84 . 83 a84 b84 85 . int . lou 's bar ( lounge ) - meanwhile a84 Mary sit with Tom , samantha , and hope . tom so , how long have you know my father ? mary roughly about the same amount of time as you have ? Tom nods . over on frank who sit with nicky and Jamie . they be hold hand . nicky you look really nice . jamie you look nice , too . frank grimace at the cutesy . frank oh for Christ 's sake . int . backstage - meanwhile b84 from behind , we watch Danny make he way toward the backstage curtain . we be once again tracking he from behind ( just as at he first concert ) . but now , instead of a mysterious figure in a white suit , he 's just a grandpa in a golf shirt and slack . on he feet no more platform shoe . Brown loafer have take they place . at the curtain he pause , stop . he crack he head each way , then : danny yep . ( continued ) b84 84 86 . continued : b84 he exit onto the stage . from behind the curtain , we hear the small crowd go apeshit . int . stage - continuous 84 Danny take the stage , look out . it 's a pack house . right up front sit he family at a table . Mary be with they . so be Frank . he smile at they . hope scream through the crowd , burst with excitement . on danny he look toward the back of the stage : his band be ready , unsure what they be suppose to do . Danny simply nod at they and head towards : he piano simple and unadorn . Center stage . Danny sit . he lean into the microphone . danny thanks for come . Danny start play the open of he new song . we recognize the melody instantly . as he play ... danny's Pov of the crowd a woman scream for Danny to play he most popular song : woman hey , baby doll !!! a older couple clap there hand in unison , anticipate . in fact ... everyone be clap . in unison . this be Danny Collins fan . they know what happen first . everything slow down . another fan scream for Danny 's most popular song . and another . ( continued ) 84 continued : 86a . at her table , hope look around , thrilled . she 's clapping with everyone . with she . Frank , too . back to danny Tom and samantha laugh , clap ( continued ) 84 84 85 87 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 suddenly freeze . he just sit there , play the same melody over and over again , watch the chanting crowd . his ador granddaughter . his son . he know what they want from he . we watch it happen , just like that - in a instant : all progress lose . there 's too many people . he 's too old . he can not just change it up suddenly . he know what they want and he have to give it to they . he 's be do it for too many year to stop now . slowly , he stop play . his eye be glossy . he turn to he band , nods . they quickly pick up they instrument . danny phil ? Danny stand , as phil quickly scurries over behind the piano . Danny grab he microphone and force a smile : danny ( cont 'd ) gotta stand up for this puppy . he announce , sadly : danny ( cont 'd ) I think you know this one -- the band launch into Danny 's most famous song . the crowd go ballistic . as Danny go through the motion , we push in closer and closer on he face . he 's sing . he 's perform . he 's break he own heart . omitted 85 88 . 86 int . backstage - later 86 we be on a black curtain . above it there 's a blinking red light . we hear the crowd go nut . we watch as the blink light go off . danny ( 0.s. ) thanks for come everyone . means a lot . thank you , thank you . Danny enter frame , safely out of sight from he ador mass . as soon as he 's behind the curtain , he sink . he 's a break man . and then , to we surprise ... sophie ( 0.s. ) Danny !? Sophie and judd ( busywork ) run over . sophie ( cont 'd ) we hear about the gig and we come to support we sugar daddy . I use you credit card for the flight , hope that 's okay . judd when do you go on !? Sophie sniffle , rub she nose . Danny stare at she blankly , then : danny what do you have on you ? sophie what do you mean ? danny you know what I mean . Sophie smile . sophie I get it all , baby . 87 int . dressing room - moment later 87 Danny chug from a bottle of scotch , numb himself as quickly as possible . judd smoke in the corner . Sophie pour some coke out onto a tray , hand it to Danny . sophie here you go , Danny . ( continued ) 87 88a . continued : 87 but it 's not a tray ... she 's pour a line on the framed letter from lennon . sad , horrific , irony . Danny shake he head , hesitates , then bend down to do it . just then : hope ( 0.s. ) grandpa ! Danny look up and drop the letter to the ground , as coke go fly . at the door Tom , samantha , and hope stand there . hope ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) grandpa ? samantha quickly pull hope back . Tom look on , shocked . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) 87 tom nice. ( pointedly ) Real nice , grandpa . danny I be sorry , I do not -- tom do not . do not even bother . he turn away , then turn back , furious . he move at Danny quickly . grab he . he could hit he , but he catch himself . he look at Danny , a beat man . tom ( cont 'd ) Jesus . he turn to go . Danny call out : danny yes , keep judge I , Tom , you be great at that . when you finish - you know , be so perfect and honorable - maybe you should talk to you wife about what you do in '' delaware . '' as soon as he say it he regret it . Tom freeze . samantha ( push hope out the door ) stop , confuse . samantha huh ? Tom glare at Danny . samantha look at Tom , it 's too weird not to comment on . samantha ( cont 'd ) what 's he talk about ? Tom turn to she . she look at he , expectant . he know it 's over . tom we will talk at home , okay ? he lead he family out the door , but not before turn back towards Danny . tom ( cont 'd ) if you ever come near my family again ... he trail off . the message be clear . nothing leave to say . and with that ... ( continued ) 87 88 90 . continued : ( 3 ) 87 he exit . on danny completely undone . he bend down , pick up the lennon letter off of the ground . on the letter it 's crack , smatter with cocaine . symbolic . back to danny who turn towards Sophie and judd . danny let 's get the fuck out of here . cue song : cold Turkey ( tbd ) write by John Lennon . int . danny 's HOTEL room - next morning 88 we hear a key go into a door . the door open . unseen entrant's Pov : walk through the small hotel room : the room be trash . bottle and can everywhere . the lennon letter lie on the floor , crack . there 's a overturn room service table in the center of the room . and on the bed , Danny be sprawle out , unconscious . his shirt half unbuttone . a bottle of booze on he chest . the camera turn around revealing Mary , the source of we Pov . take in the train wreck . just then ... sophie stumble out of the bathroom . sophie ( waste ) who be you ? mary I ... um ... I work for the hotel . sophie oh , good . we need more towel , can you do that ? and some beer . ( continued ) 88 89 91 . continued : 88 mary yes . more towel . and some beer . the conversation cause Danny to stir . he open he eye , see ... danny Mary . Mary turn , walk out of the room . int . HOTEL hallway - continuous 89 Mary head for the elevator . half stumbling , half dress , Danny run after she . danny Mary ! Mary , wait ! Mary turn . danny ( cont 'd ) she 's not ... it 's not what it look like . mary what the hell happen last night , Danny ? Danny look down . danny it just be not right . it be not the right time . mary what be you talk about !? you have be work so hard . you whole family be there -- danny I could not . I just ... lose my nerve . she take he in . he 's barely make eye contact . mary yeah , well , you lose you dinner , too . danny Mary -- the elevator door open . ( continued ) 89 q1a . continued : 89 mary you should have play the song , Danny . you should have at least play the one fuck song . Mary get in the elevator , leave Danny alone in the hallway . 90 91 92 92 . int . danny 's HOTEL room - continuous 90 Danny re-enters he room . he pick up the lennon letter from the floor , look at it . danny ( to letter ) fuck you , John . int . HOTEL elevator - morning 91 Danny roll he suitcase into the elevator . he 's leave . as the elevator descend , it play the muzak of Danny 's most famous song . Danny nods , knowingly . one last final body blow before he go . int . woodcliff lake hilton lobby - continuous 92 Danny roll he suitcase through the lobby . Jamie work behind the front desk . Danny see she . danny you take care of yourself , Jamie . jamie you too , Mr. Collins . danny and be good to nicky . he 's a good boy . wonderful face . jamie your be not so bad either , Mr. Collins . danny well look at that : now we be get patter . Danny look behind Jamie , toward the office that hide beyond the front desk . Jamie shake she head '' no . '' Mary do not want to see he . Danny nod , step up to the desk , and yell out : danny ( cont 'd ) for the record : mary ann 's real name be dawn well and she be miss nevada before she got famous and she couldn ’t hold a fucking candle to you . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 93 93 . continued : 92 danny ( cont 'd ) also for the record : you run the best goddamn hilton I 've ever stayed in and I stole like fifty of that little soap bar thing because they make I smell nice but not girly . goodbye ! Danny turn and exit the hotel . ext . woodcliff lake hilton - continuous 93 nicky pull up the mercede , load in the suitcase . danny nicky , it 's be a pleasure . nicky the pleasure have definitely be mine , Danny . Danny reach into he pocket to tip nicky . but he 's get no cash . danny shit. ( then ) you know what ? Danny go to he trunk , remove the suitcase , and whistle for a cab ( in line at the nearby stand ) . he hand nicky the keys to the mercede . nicky you be kid I . Danny smile . danny the second you stop appreciate it , you give it to someone else . deal ? nicky deal . danny good . now get the hell out of here . nicky do not know what to do with himself . he bear hug Danny , get in the car , and zoom off . mary ( 0.s. ) wait ! ( continued ) 93 continued : 94 , 93 Mary run out , catch up to he . they stand there . mary ( cont 'd ) I do not want the last thing I ever say to you to be mean . but I do not want to say anything nice . so ... ( then ) Mr. Collins : on behalf of the woodcliff Lake Hilton , we hope you enjoy you stay and hope you will choose to make Hilton home , wherever you travel take you . they stand there in awkward silence . danny I be grab a cab . mary I see that . danny I give nicky my mercede . mary you be fuck crazy . danny it 's be say , yes . Danny turn to she . he smile . danny ( cont 'd ) I call Frank this morning . I be go back on tour . mary good. good , right ? danny I need the money . I have a family now . they hate my gut , but I be tell that 's just what family do . mary I have teach you well . danny I be gonna play my new song . at least some of they . we ’1ll see what happen . ( continued ) 95 . 93 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 mary I know what will happen . danny they 'il throw tomato ? mary onion . danny better . Danny load he suitcase into the taxi . danny ( cont 'd ) Tour come to the Garden in a few month . maybe I could take you to dinner after the show ? mary ( with a smile ) you be relentless . Danny get in the taxi , lower the window . danny I leave you something in the room . mary you probably leave I a big mess be what you leave I . danny hey , you know we rock star . Danny take she in one last time , smile . danny ( cont 'd ) another life , huh ? mary you never know . Danny smile , wink , and tap the window . he come to the woodcliff Lake Hilton in a red mercede . he leave in a yellow taxi . 94 95 a96 96 . int . danny 's HOTEL room - later 94 Mary enter the room with two cleaning lady . but the room ... be immaculate . Danny have clean it himself . on the bed , sit the lennon letter . next to it , a second note , from Danny : it read : '' what do you think about that , Mary sinclair ? '' mary well I 'il be damned . he make a clean exit . she chuckle to herself , stand , and kick busywork ( sprawle on the floor ) . mary ( cont 'd ) be out of the room by noon . and with that , Mary sinclair exit . cue song : jealous guy ( tbd ) write by John Lennon . omitted 95 int . private jet - day ai6 Danny sit in he seat , wait for liftoff . he talk on he cell . danny yeah , I 'il meet you guy in Pittsburgh . Frank 's set up the other date . okay , talk soon . a stewardess approach . stewardess we be ready for takeoff , Mr. Collins . say goodbye to New Jersey . he look out he window , speak to himself . danny Goodbye to New Jersey . 96 96a . ext . tom and samantha's house - day 96 a pair of foot make the familiar trek past Tom 's front yard . a finger ring the familiar doorbell . ring again . still break . the hand knock . the door open . it 's tom. stand opposite he be ... Frank . tom oh Jesus . what now ? do he send you to check on I ? frank the hotel do not know what to do with the damn piano . I think you might want it . ( continued ) 97 . 96 continued : 96 Frank motion to a moving truck out front manned by four large men . Tom shake he head . tom I do not want he piano . frank well , it take six hour to move it out of the Hilton and I do not know anyone else in New Jersey , so tough shit . ( then ) it 's a thirty thousand dollar instrument , Tom . sell it for all I care . a beat , then Tom nod , exhaust . Frank motion at the mover , they start open the truck . frank ( cont 'd ) you health ? tom ( shrug ) find out in a few day . Frank nod , take a sip from he ubiquitous water bottle . frank when I be in my thirty , I start drink . heavily . do not remember how it start . everyone be always drink before he show . after he show . Long line of drunk in my family , all the usual bullshit excuse . out of nowhere , Frank yell at the mover behind he : frank ( cont 'd ) careful , gentleman , that 's a steinway . it 's worth more than you be . he turn back to Tom , shrug , continue . frank ( cont 'd ) we be on tour in the Bay Area and I fall asleep at the wheel . almost kill myself , a few other . get arrest . you fa -- ( then ) Danny bail I out . five in the morning he show up at the San Jose police station high as a fuck kite . ( more ) ( continued ) 96 97 98. continued : ( 2 ) 96 frank ( cont 'd ) drive I six hour straight to this Hollywood rehab joint ... probably drive we there drunker than I would be the night before , the dumb shit . paid for the whole thing . visit I every Saturday till I be dry . and once a week , for the last thirty year , I get four case of bottled water send to I , wherever I be in the world . always with the same note : '' drink as many as you want on I , Danny . '' Frank tap he water bottle . frank ( cont 'd ) best friend I ever have you father . the man save my life , get I stone - cold sober , and he be three sheet to the wind himself the entire time he be do it . tom I be not see the point here . frank the point , my boy , be that he 's always be better to other than he have be to himself . what you do with that , be up to you . my water will keep come no matter what . Frank tip a imaginary hat , turn back to the mover . frank ( cont 'd ) alright , boy , let 's move that puppy so I can get the fuck out of New Jersey . Tom stand at the door , watch Frank go . int . tom and samantha's house - morning ( day later ) 97 Tom hold hope on he lap as she bang away on the piano ( which be wildly out of place and oversize for the cramped live room ) . he pick hope up , place she on the bench by herself , and kiss she forehead . Sam watch adoringly ( and wildly pregnant ) from the couch ( where she lie ) . Tom move to she . ( continued ) 97 a98 98 99 a100 100 99 . continued : he take she hand , kiss it . he go to pull away but she will not let he go . she have tear in she eye . he nod at she : a solid , steadying look . he kiss she again , kiss she belly , then exit . ext . front lawn - day 97 a98 we be use to watch Danny walk toward the house . this time , we watch he son walk away from it ... toward the unknown . omitted ext . oncology office - later a medical office building in NYC . int . oncology office - continuous Tom make the long trek down the building 's hallway , stop at a door , open it , and ... int . oncology office - continuous enter the wait room , turn a corner only to see ... Danny . sitting there . alone. wait . Tom shake he head , sigh . he check in with a nurse . tom Tom donnelly . here for Dr. silverman . nurse just have a seat , Mr. donnelly . Tom sit two seat away from Danny . they sit in silence for a long beat . finally : danny be she piss ? tom no , she be thrilled . it 's be a great few week , thanks . danny it 's no excuse but it be a horrible night for I . 98 99 a100 100 ( continued ) 99a . 100 continued : 100 tom yeah , well , it be a worse one for I , I assure you . silence . Long beat . danny why be not she ... ( continued ) 100 101 100 . continued : ( 2 ) 100 tom she can barely even move . plus , whatever the news be , I want she to hear it from I . not some doctor . a beat , then ... danny Tom , I -- voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. donnelly ? the nurse beckon . Tom stand . Danny stand with he . Tom sigh . int . examination room - moment later 101 Tom and Danny wait , on a exam table , side by side . Danny look at Tom 's foot . it 's tapping , relentlessly . they sit there for a while like this . finally : tom if the news be bad ... Tom stop , gather himself . danny Tom , c’mon -- tom no , listen to I . if this go bad , samantha , and hope , and the baby -- danny will be take care of . you do not need to worry about that . Tom nod . he 's start to cry but do the best he can to hold it back . tom okay . good . thank you . a beat . Tom speak , almost to himself : tom ( cont 'd ) I be not ready to leave they . I be not ready . Danny put he hand on Tom 's knee , steadying he shaky leg . Danny take a deep breath himself . ( continued ) 101 101 . continued : 101 danny you know ... this doctor , whenever he come in here , he either call you Mr. donnelly or Tom ? ever notice that ? always one or the other . when he call you Mr. donnelly , it 's never good news . next thing you know he 's shoot you with something that make you throw up , or tell you he do not like you level . I be serious , I have take note , he literally do it every time . ( then ) but when he call you Tom , it 's always good news . like that time he like you white cell count , remember that ? he call you Tom . so that 's what we want right now . we want he to open that door , come in here , and call you '' Tom . '' that 's all we want . let 's focus on that , okay ? Tom nod , take a deep breath . tom okay . danny it 's go to be alright , Son . everything will be alright . tom ( choke up ) you promise ? Danny look at he son . danny have I ever let you down before ? Tom crack up through he tear . crying now ... tom you be a ridiculous man , you know that ? danny I have be tell , yes . Tom consider the man sit next to he , then , give in to it ... he put he hand on top of he father 's . ( continued ) 101 102 . continued : ( 2 ) 101 the camera swing behind they , slowly , till it land on they back ( face the door ) . as it swing around , Danny continue talk , soothing . danny ( cont 'd ) yep , he 's just gonna open that door and call you Tom . it will all be alright . everything will be alright . we be behind they now , father and son , touch hand in silence . and just then ... the door open . they head jolt up and we ... fade to black . the end but not before we hear , over black : doctor silverman ( 0.s . ) okay , Tom , so here 's where we be ... a note to the reader : in 1971 , John Lennon read a interview in a small music magazine . the subject of the interview be a twenty - one year old musician name Steve tilston . in the interview , tilston admit wonder if future wealth and fame might one day hinder he ability to write powerful song . and so ... John Lennon write Steve tilston a letter . in the letter , Lennon offer tilston advice and friendship , as well as he home phone number . Steve tilston do not receive the letter until 2005 . he be nearly sixty year old at the time .