tootsie screenplay by Larry gelbart March 8 1982 4 new york mirage enterprise macro shot . lixe a abstract painting only one area in focus , it be a actor ! character box . we slowly pan to see : a monocle , different pair of eyeglass , rubber ap lianceé , various makeup , a collection of dental application , a assorctient of brushes , a hand come into frame and remove @ small bottle . we follow to see it be spirit + the other hand enter frame and uncap the botclé , follow one hand as it apply the spirit gum to a cheek . we see only a portion of the cheek . now the hand apply spirit gun to @ her scar . again we follow the hand as they place the scar upon the actor 's cheek . the ritual continue as we watch a moustache be apply . the hand then search out the dental appliance and pick one . we study the movement as the appliance be insert into the actor 's mouth , throughout the above we hear someone mumble , but we cannot make out the word , suddenly we hear : a voice next ! a black screen : or so it seem . really a darken theatre . we be lcoke out toward the auditorium . voice ( continue ) Michael ... Dorsey , be it ? pull back to hold michael in £g. , look out toward the garken auditorium , he be a actor , 40 year old . he hold a script . michael that 's right . camera circle to reveal Michael 's face . the scar be present , as be the moustache . ee also have perfect tooth . voice top of twenty - three . michael ( with feel ) " do you know what it be like waking up in Paris that morning ? see the empty pillow where ... wait a minute , cover you breast ! Kevin be downstairs ! my God -- what be you ? " — '' , ( continued ) 3. continued : pan to reveal a burly male stage manager , cigar butt in mouth , stage manager " I be a woman . not Felicia 's mother . '' not Kevin 's wife ... voice thank you . that 's fine . we be look for someone a little older . another bare stage ~ michael with another stage manager Michael be dress in cut -off , a T-shirt and sneaker . he play with a yoryo , michael " Mom ! dad ! uncle Pete ! some - thing 's wrong with biscuit ! I think he 's dead ! " voice ( from the darkness ) thank you . thank you . we be look for someone a little young . a third bare stage + michael with another stage manager Michael have dark makeup on , he hair slicked back , wear a Zoot suit , another moustache . he have a " walkman " stereo hang from he neck , and wear earphone . stage manager ( eye on script ) " no , dulio , not . get out of the barrio while you can . " michael " I don ' go wi ' out esthella ... " he suddenly whip out a knife and flick it open under the stage manager 's chin , the stage manager look up from the script in terror , michael e+. a it want ' you to look at I when I walk , mon . look at I ! ( continued ) 3 . continued : voice thank you , that be very good , but we be look for someone less ethnic , music up : ( a LA " on broadway " ) close - scrapbook page - MAIN title begin the early year : a ) a six - year old Michael in a school play . " my first play , '' scrawle beneath the picture , B ) a high scheol newspaper article about Michael Dorsey . C ) %& in another costume , older now ... a high school play . voice over next ! another bare stage - michael ceeply move , in tear , read from " henry iv " . michael " Old man forget yet all shall be forget , but we will remember with advantage what fear we do that day . then shall they name ... " he suddenly break off as we and he hear mumbling rom out in the dark house , michael be my act interfere with you talk ? ... because I can keep this down . I mean , I would not want to disturb you . just tell I if I be interfere . close - the scrapsook - music and title . a ) a parchment award . " the John barrymore Award . " B ) a moustache encase in cellophane . C ) a piece of a program from cyrano . revised 8/27/82 ( blue page ) a . BA . oa . io . omit = 8/13/82 int . loft apartment - michael' acting CLASS - day Jim and Mac sit opposite each other at the head of class , do exercise as Michael direct they . omit = 8/13/82 int . loft apartment - michael' acting CLASS = pay Sandy , at front of class , do . sing exercise . Michael work with she as class watch , int . theatre-in-the -round : a reeearsal . Michael , propped with cane and hold seript , sit on one side of the stage . one by cone , actor run to he and say thei > line . 1st actor ( arrive and kneel ) Quick ! get a priest ! michael no ! no priest . 2nd actor but you be die , Count tolstoy . a " priest " run to Michael and kneel . priest " in the name of the Father , the Son , and the eoly ghost s+ '' I commit you soul to God . " michael my friend -- from the kouse : director that be super , Michael love , but I wonder if you could cross to center stage on the lest speech and then die . michael . why ? director the leave side of the house can not see vou at all , ( continued ) revised 8/27/82 ( blue page ) 5 . lo . cl . ~ we continued : miceael you want I to ... stand up and walk while I be gying ?? director ( stand ) it know it 's awkward but we !'l1 just have to do it . michael why ? 1 director I just tell you . now do it . michael why ? because you say so ? director yes , love . michael not with I as talstoy ! Michael drop script and cane , and exit . scrapbook - music and title a ) 3b ) c) D ) = ) a a a a a Michael Dorsey have be replace by Terry 5 : telegram wishing Michael " good luck in New York : " go review in a " '' off - of= " breadway play . maileram notify he of a obie nomination . wedding photo of Michael and a pretty girl . clipping in " variaty " : " due to creative di petrify Forest at the dy lys. saree Forest another bare stage - michael alone cn stage Michael angrily slap the script against he thigh , michael just a second , now , could 2 start again ? I just dié not start it right . voice ( from the darkness ) no , no , it be very good . really , it be fine . you be just the wrong height . ( continued ) C C revised 8/27/82 ( pink page ) é. 12 . 12a . 13 . 15 . continued : michael well hold it , Z cam be taller . I have get lift at home , it 's really easy to add a few ... voice no , no , you de not understand , we need someone short . michael I do not have to be this tall ! I be wear lift -— ' int . loft apartment - michael' acting CLASS - nay dominick and Ann do improvisation in front of the class . Michael interrupt to criticize they , then he give three lecture . scrapbook — music and title a ) 3 term photo of laurence qlivier in " the entertainer , " 3 ) a article announce that Michael will be come to the Guthrie theatre in minneapolis . cc ) a page from 2 chekhov play . D ) a fade section of Michael 's sign divorce paper . title and music fade over , ext . mecmullen' restaurant - night - establisa int . mcmullen' restaurant - night busy , noisy . would - be acter be waiter and waitress ~~ caph tooth , bow tie and apron . xitchen area ~ mcmullen' restaurant Jeff stand wait fcr the dish he crder , as Michael come in , rattles off he order ‘to the cook . when he 's through order , Jeff turn to he : jeff eow would it go today ? michael terrible . do you write the last scene ? ( continued ) hat C revised 8/16/82 ( pink page ) . 7. be . continued : jefe I work on the necktie speech , miceael fow be it ? jeff i think it 's great ... I be real excited . michael good ! we will work on it when we get home . Michael head to the area near the exit , as Dawn reach for a plate of flounder that the cook 's just put out . jeff heyl ! that 's my flounder ! dawn no . that 's my flounder ! jef2 grab the plate , Dawn back off , and Jeff eat some ef the chip which sit wait . - the cook see , and slam he spatula down near Jeff 's hand . cook hey ! that 's for the customer ! jeff bey ! I eat this thing once a day , so if customer ask if teat you food I can say ves ! Michael head out of the kitchen . jef ? follow , cazry focéd . int . dine area - michael and sef ? Michael ceme out of the kitchen , take menus out , then stop as he lock toward the dining area , out the menus back , and turn to Jeff who have just come out of the kitchen . michael do I a favor , take station 12 ? jeff ioca not ! Jim 's still mad cause I cover you station Friday . why ? what 's wrong ? michael tt 's my ex ... ( continued ) c cc revised 8/19/82 ( pink page ) g. 1é. continued = jefi urimace and duck away . Michael pick up four menus , go to the table . cathy be good-look . graham be the picture of 3~ piece -suit respectability . a 3 - year old be with they . Michael hand out the menus , give two to graham . Cathy look up : catey oh , my ged ! Michael ! what a surprise ! I do not know you be still ... I mean ... what a surprise ! Graham , this be Michael . Dorsey , my husband , Graham . I mean Graham be my husband . ( she laugh hysterically ) well , you know who you be . ( point the child ) - " oh , this be chuckie . he 's tired . you look great , Michael . be not it great about Terry Bishop ? he 's do so well : michael ( woodenly ) he 's make a lot of money , on @ soap . catsy &re you still roommate ? michael no , it have not see he in a few year . catey oh great . be vou marry ? michael no . I share a apartment with a unsuccessful playwright . ee 's a waiter here teo . catey oh great . you look wonderful . you have not change at all ... iomean ... facially . you just leok great ... michael you guy like to order appetizer , of you want to see the wine list ? graham the wine list would be fine . Michael head away from the table . revised 8/19/82 ( pink page ) 9 . '' 17 . ext . the STREET of there lorr - michael , jeff - walking ~ night Michael and Jeff head home from work . michael when I be live with she she be a hippie — she look like the president of the p.t_a. now ! I do not know what I be ever do with she ! jeff tt 's obvious -— you be ruin hert michael she look old ... forget she . you re-wrote the necktie speech , right ? . jeff yes. michael without the necktie ? ° jeff cc with the necktie . michael the necktie be exactly what 's wrong with this play ! jeff the necktie 's what 's wrong with the play ... what 's wrong with you , man ? michael what 's wrong with I ? what 's wrong with I ! it 's depress to be disagree with ! jeff I think you be depressed ! it 's be you birthday all day and you have not mention it once ! michael I be a character actor , what do icare ? Age have no effect on I ... ( Michael open the lobby decor ) fow would one not be depressed ? C they enter the building . revised 8/19/82 ( GREEN page ) _ : 5 : r..& tenement : build ~ shoot up the staras Michael and jef££ hea " + fe 2 tere instead of try to be Michael Dorsey the great actor , or Michael dersey the great waiter , why do not you just try to be Michael Dorsey ? michael ' ok , come on , I just wanna get '' through this night ... what da you mean just try the be Michael lorsey ? . i we omy set jepp I know it 's a bummer , but just say to yourself , " I be Michael Dorsey . " — - oe = " mrowagr Michael Dorsey ... be . S and Michael step in . . michael '' what 's the payoff ? I be Michael . Dorsey ! I be Michael Dorsey ! ° . jeep o. say it like you mean it ! . michael ( reach for lightswtich ) iam Michael Dorsey ! before he touch the switch , the light go on . '' utes . tg see thirty people yell . guest surprise ! ! 3 up the stair away from camera . michael Michael turn and try to leave , but jef€ block he way . he turn back to face the guest : michael there 's nothing more hostile than a surprise party !! go on -- get drunk !! C revised 8/3/82 ( pink page ) will . ig . eee ee see 20 , 2l. continued : ' _ meiceael ( cont would ) there 's nothing more hostile than @ surprise party !! go on -~ get drunk ! int . lopt - night - later open clese on actor pick up bottle of champagne , camera follows up with bottle to see woman lighting cake candle , and another actor pick up glass . camera pan with actor to end wide on : ' women ( to Michael ) speech ! speech ! ist actor ( bernie ) wait ! a toast first ! ( raise he glass ) to Michael , who , like it or not , make you 's remember what act be about ! 2nd actor ( SAM ) be unemployed !! they all laugh and clap , another actor ( murray ) to Mike Dorsey -= who 's the first to teach we there 's no difference be ~ tween act and sex : you do not have so make a lot of noise to be good ! 3 they ali laugh and clap . sandy to Michael ~- who 's be my friend for six year -~ oh , God , that long ? ~~ and my teacher -- and who 's just ~~ great ! a great actor , creat teacher , great friend ... this be really a very dumb speech , be not it ? Sandy move aside as they all sing happy birthday as the cake be bring forward . camera push in to the candle and : int . loft - the party ~ later camera open on birthday sign , pan to Michael who talk with lady ' till she 's call away . he go to seat Pat : michael ( sit on arm cf chair ) hi , how be you ? I be Michael . ( continued ) revised 8/4/82 ( pink page ) lla . 21 . continued : ce camera pan to PAT i'm Patty . michbel you get a terrific face . you a actress ? par no . micahel who would you come with ? PAT iynette . she say she know you . michael hang around afterwards . I 'il give you a free act lesson . PAT I do not want to waste you time . I just get marry . see Sandy sit with a group of actor , harvey ( with a bottle in hand ) Sandy , you glass be empty ! sandy no ! TI have this audition for a soap tomorrow - six week - 650 a episode . lynette T will have some ! I be celebrate . I just have nine call - back for a nail commercial . and I die n'+ get it . sandy oh ... it 's really hard hang around get turn down by hig shot . i+ really make you feel like nothing . and pretty scon anyone who turn you down seem like a big shot . Michael have join they . he see harvey hand a joint to Sandy 's date , michael what be you do drug for ? tt screw up you lung ! you ( continued ) revised 8/4/82 ( pink page ) 11b . 21 . continued : er : oe * michael ( continue ) can not do ' shakespeara ! date there 's no work ! michael wrong ! you know what strasberg say : you create you own opportunity , sandy it be not Lee , it be meisner . lynette that be stella . laurie that be uta . michael whoever it be ! the point be , Sandy and I be try to do a play that my roemmate write , in syracuse . all we need be $ 8,000 . you could do the same ! lynette oh , Michael ... pecple start lock at the baby who 's be bring cver . michael you can do that in the poconos ! Michael continue on as Sandy stand to look at the baby . sandy och ! look at the baby ! Michael ! De not vou think she 's cute ? Michael ? Michael ! Michael !! michael yes ... Michael give up on the group , see Linda at the cake table and go over to she . michael T be look at you before . you have a terrific face . you a actress ? linda sometimes . ( continued ) revised 21 . ( ee 8/4/82 continued : ( pink page ) lic . ~ michael '' do not + I see vou in " dame at Sea ? " linda yes. michael good work , good work ... they start to walk toward the window together . they hug . michael ( continue ) I do not want to crap around , but there 's a aura between we . I do not know you , but I know you . T bet I can tell you something about yoursel£é , linda ' what ? michael I bet you like to walk barefoot on the beach . linda why be you so wire ? michael t's my birthday . I be thirty - eight year old . I have not work in two year . linda ( sarcastically ) awwwww ... michael listen , why do not you be the last one to take you coat off my bed tonight ? okay ? gimme a hug . michael ( continue ) De not go away , now ? linda okay . michael you promise ? she smile at he . {continued ) revised 8/4/82 ( pink page ) 12. 22 . int . loft - kitchen area hen ns Jeff sit at the’ kitchen ' table with ‘his girlfriend , Diane , and five cther actor . all listen tently to Jeff , jeff I do not want a full house at the Winter Garden theater . I want 90 people who just come out of the worst rainstorm in the city 's history . this be people who be alive , on the planet , until they dry off , I wish tf have a theater that be only open when it rain . 22a . int . loft - another area - later OPEN tight on Michael stand next to the beckett poster , in a similar pose to the one on the poster . camera pull back to reveal ann , who be talk to he . throughout , he keep glance at the off-screen Linda . ann listen , I get everything work out . tome gonna take a cab home and feed my cat , and then I will take another cab and I will be back down -- michael you do not understand . my roommate want to work on the play tonight , 5 after everyone go home . he 's not happy with the third act . so give I you number and I will call you next week . ann I give you my phone number . michael I think you change it . ann since a hour ago ? michael good point .. 228 . int . loft - kitceen area - later jeli sit at the kitchen table , but only Diane and two other actor be leave with he . '' - jeff € I do not like it when people come ( continued ) revised 8/4/82 ( pink page ) 12a. 22b . continued : c ct ee ing } up to I and say , " I see you play , and I really appreciate you message . '' and I do not like it when guy come up to I and say , " hey , I see you play , and y'know , I cry , man . " I like it when people come up to I and they say , like a week later , " '' T see you play . I do not gat it . " that be sweet ! 22c . int . loft - piano area - later Michael play the piano . roz sit near he . he keep glance around lock for the miss Linda . roz it 's nice Michael ... michael thanks . roz you write that ? & michael yeah ... a good-look woman pass by . michael who 's that ? roz it 's mallory . she 's marry to John ... where be you go tonight ? what be you 's go ? a michael I be go to work with my roommate on he play . - roz please stay . 22d , int , loft - kitchen area - later jei= be still at the kitchen table , but alone with Diane , she rub he back as he talk . ( ( continued ) a ae +o oe C revised @/4/82 ( dink page ) 128 . 22d . 22e . 22g . continued : jeff . . a Broadway theater would not even sell I a stand - room ticket ... and I try to play they game , Diane . I do a thing about suicide of the american indian , and nobody care , nobody show . and I think the american indian be as american as John and ethel barrymore , and donny and Marie osmond . I think it 's really sad , but , I think newacay , when people dream , they do not even dream in they own country anymore ! and that 's sick . int . loft - window area - later people at the party have fall asleep , sit at the long table and lie on the couch with a walkman on . int , loft - cake table - later Sandy go to cake table , wrap a piece of cake in a napkin and , after look around , stashes it in she pocketbook . she go away from the table . int . loft - outside of kitchen batrroom - later Young man watch as someone inside the bathroom try to open the stick door . finally , saney come out , bath ~ zoem plunger in hand , sandy ' do not anybody hear I ? I have be trap in there for a half hour ! this be some great Party ! she head back to the main party area , revised 8/5/82 ( pink page ) 13 . 23 . C omit 7 '' tint . lopt - MAIN area - later the party have thin . the desperate chatter have quiete down . Michael be lean against a pillar , talk to Jeff , who sit on the edge of the couch . michael thad a nice time . I just do not know more than half the people here . jefp I wait ' till the last minute to keep the surprise , so I only invite 10 people , they invite 10 people each . you meet a lot of new people -- I think they all like you a lot . Sam stop by on he way to the door , shake Jeff 's hand . Sam thanks , Jeff , - ( turn to Michael ) happy birthday , Michael . michael thanks . Sam start toward the door . boe can SAM great party . michael thank you , Sam . Michael see Linda head to the dcor , with a young man . Jeff slide onto the couch , to sit next to Diane . Michael give Linda a question look . michael bey ! Linda wave to he as she leave with the other fellow . Sandy walk up to Michael , lean on he pillar . sandy well ... good night , Michael . it be a wonéerful party . my date leave with scmeone else . thad a lot of fun . do you have any seconal ? miceael come on . I will walk you home . ( continued ) qc. revised 3/22/82 14 . 24 , continued : michael ( blankly , still move ) right . I be sorry . I will call you this week . girl you know my number ? michael you bet . Sandy coma up to he . he 's distract . sandy well ... good night , Michael . it be a wonderful party . my date leave with someone , else , I have a lot of fun . do you have any seconal ? michael come on . I will walk you home , kc 25 . ext . the apartment ~ sandy 's michael they come cut and begin walk . sandy io really have such a go time . michael dammit , I do not borrow cab fare ! sandy that 's okay . it 's cheaper to get mug . the fare be really insane now , she suddenly burst into tear , michael what 's wrong ? sandy nothing . I do not feel bad , really . iojust cry . it 's like atic , michael ( £lat ) tell I what 's wrong or I will S kill you . ( continued ) '' tootsie '' revised 7/19/82 ( blue page ) be . 25 . continued : C sandy nething . in fact , I be very " up . " michael you be worried about the audition , be not you ? sandy ; no. I be not . because I know I will not get it , I be completely wrong for it . michael what 's the part ? sandy ( ery ) a woman ! michael could you be a little more specific ? 26 . int . sandy'' apartment - michael & sandy Michael sit on the couch , foot up on the coffee table , script on he lap . Sandy stand near he . C michael now concentrate . concentrate . cue : " you do not have a man so you want to act like one . " sandy " you be wrong , Dr. brewster . I be very proud of be a woman -- " miceael Sandy , wait ! this guy be treat you like dirt . why ? ' cause he 's a doctor and you be a woman and he can get away with it . you stand up to he ! get you juice go ! sandy show I what you mean . michael " you be wrong , Doctor brewster . I be very proud of be a woman ... " sandy ioca not do it as good as you . C ( continued ) revised 7/19/82 ( pink page ) , 16 . 26 . continued : c michael yes you can . turn the table on I . : do it in you own way . sandy " you be wrong , Dr. brewster . I be very proud of be a woman ... " where be I off ? michael T can not tell what you be play . sandy I be play rage . I be enraged . I be try to turn the table , ts not that what you say ? michael that 's rage ? sandy I have a problem with anger . michael ( leg down , lean forward ) you certainly have ! but there be 100 ( se other actress read for this who do not ! sandy De not get mad at I . michael why do not you stop act like a doormat ! sandy I be not a doormat !! michael now ! do it now ! sandy " you be wrong Dr. brewster . I be very proud of be a woman ... " michael more ! sandy '' but I be also proud of this hospital . and before I let it be destroy by you petty tyvrany ... " michael ( have the anger , but do not show it . ' ( continued ) C revised 7/19/82 26 . continued : Sandy turn ( pink page ) i6a . sandy ( quietly ) " I will recommend to the board that you be turn out into the Street . good day , Dr. brewster , " and walk away . michael you be a second rate , win actress , sandy ( turn back , glare ) " I say good day ! " michael gettin ' there . sandy do you feel how much I hate you ? michael yes , in fact , why do you think I be leave ? Michael get up , start put coat on as he head away from couch , Sandy run toward he , sandy wait a minute ! you can not leave ! how be I gonna get it back to - morrow ? I can not ask a total stranger to enrage I ! michael what time 's you audition ? sandy eleven . . michael ok , I will pick you up at ten and enrage you . revised 7/19/82 ( blue page ) ~ l?. 27 . 28 . ext . national t.v. studio ~ pay people go in and out . busy . int . t.v. studio - outer waiting room ~ day the room be dominate by a colorful mural feature caricature of the lead player on " Southwest General , " loom above they be a woman wield a whip . a recep - tionist , billie , sit behind a desk . there be six women wait to audition . they be 40'ish , heavy , thick - brew . { continued ) ig . to co continued : sandy ( softly , to Michael ) God ... I feel pretty . michael {softly } shut up , you dumb bimbo . sandy ( softly ) thank you . a woman with a clipboard , jacqui , step out of Studio 8 . as she do , rita marshall , the show 's producer stride purposefully through , follow by alfred , the show 's wardrobe man , who carry a sequine dresa on a hanger , rita no sequin , Alfred ! she '' attend she husband 's funeral . if I see one single sequin on she < = alfred we I will take they off , I will take they off -- rit . {to jacqui ) ready . she enter Studio 3 , jacqui alright , lady , please have you resume ready anc follow I . sandy wish I luck , michael fuck off , sandy God bless you . you always know the right thing to say . Sandy and the other exit into Studio B , as a guide tour of a dozen people be lead in by a studio page . they stop at the mural . ( continued ) € revised 3/22/82 19 . 28 . continued : - ( 2 ) page here , you will recognize all you favorite charactar on " Southwest . General , '' from John Van horn , who have play venerable Dr. medford brewster since the very first episode aire almost twenty year ago , to America 's best - love bad girl , Julie Phillips . a boy of 12 move off from the other tourist toward Michael . s0y be you anybedy ? Michael glare , send the boy back to the group who now gaze reverently at the mural . page the woman with the whip be rita Marshall , executive producer of C . " Southwest General . '' Michael lock up startle , as Sandy come out of the studio and move quickly to the elevator . he move after she . michael what happen ? sandy they would not let I read , michael what do you mean they would not let you read ?? sandy they say I be not right physically . they want somebody tougher , so eee I be go home now . michael I will walk you . sandy to San Diego ? michael C what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 28 , 23 , 30 . continued : ( 3 ) sandy I mean I be really go home , I be 34 , I be a second - rate actress , I have second rate look . { I can not ... keep anyone . io do not have a guy . michael ( grab she ) alright , alright , I have not talk to that second - rate asshole in five year , but c'mon ! we be not go to let this get away . ( move toward desk ) T will get you a read . they arrive at the receptionist 's desk . michael ( continue , to receptionist ) be Terry Bishop in the studio ? receptionist Mr. Bishop leave the show . he 's rehearse " the iceman cometh " , for Broadway , michael what ?? ( turn abruptly ) Sandy , do not do anything dumbi I will figure out something . ext . 6t8 avenue ~ day Michael , run angrily up to a impose building . int . national artist agency - reception area Michael march in and past the receptionist . receptionist just a moment , Mr , Dorsey . Mr. grey be in conference right now , but Michael push past and through the double door . 32 . be . int . corridor Michael stride down mile of carpete , into George 's office , . . secretary ( jump up ) Michael , he 's tie up now . I swear . he stride past into : int . GEORGE grey' office George grey be arcund 50 , impeccably dress , talk en the phone . as Michael enter : GEORGE ( into phone ) hold on a second . ( push hold ) Michael , can you wait outside , please ? I be talk to the Coast . michael this be a coast , too , George . New York be a coast ! GEORGE wait a minute , rrelease " hold : '' then , into phone ) sy , listen -- ( beat ) sy ? ( into intercom ) margret , get he back , will you ? I cut myself off . michael Terry Bishop be do " iceman cometh . '' why do not you send I up for that , George ? you be by agent too , GEORGE Stuart pressman want a name . michael Terry Bishop be a name ? ( continued ) C revised : 7/28/82 32 . continued : ( blue page ) 22 . GEORGE no. Michael Dorsey be a name . when you want to send a steak back , Michael Dorsey be a name , Excuse I . why do you make I say thing like that ? that be a rotten thing to say , let I start again . Terry Bishop be on a " soap . " million of people watch he . he 's know , michael and that qualify he to ruin '' iceman cometh ? " - GEORGE look , I can not have this conversation , michael iocan act circle around that guy . T have play that part ! GEORGE tf Stuart pressman want a name , that 's he affair , I know this will disgust you , but a lot of people be in this business to make money . michrel do not make I sound like some flake , George , I want to make money , too . GEORGE oh , really ? the harlem theatre for the blind ? strindberg in the park ? the people 's workshop in syracuse ? michael I do eight play in nine month in syracuse ! and I get great review from New York critic ! not that that 's why I do it ! GEORGE ~~ no , of course not . God forbid you should lose you stand as a underground cult failure . ( continued ) C revised : 7/28/82 32 . continued : ( pink page ) 23 . ( gently ) deo you think I be a failure , George ? GEORGE I will not get suck into this discussion ! I be too cld , toe smart , and too successful ! michael ( go ¢lose to desk ) T send you Jeff 's play to read , it 's get a great part for I in it . do you read it ? GEORGE where do you come off send I you roommate 's play that you want to star in ? I be you agent not you mother , I be not suppose to produce you reemmate 's play so you can star in it . I be suppose to field offer . michael who tell you that ? the agent -fairy ? that be a significant play ! GEORGE nobody want to do that play ! michael why ? GEORGE because it 's a downer ! no one be go to produce a play about a couple whe move back to Love Canal ! michael but that actually happen ! GEORGE who give a shit ! nobody want to pay $ 20 to watch people live next to chemical waste ! they can see that in New Jersey ! michael ok , ok , I do not want to argue about this now , T will raise the money myself ! T will do anything ! send I up for cat commercial , dog commercial , voice - cver , anything ! ( continued ) & revised 7/28/82 ( pink page ) '' 24 . '' 32 , continued : GEORGE but I can not send you . michael why ? GEORGE Michael , no one want to work with you . michael | that 's not true : _ . T bust my ass to get a part right ! GEORGE yes , but you bust everyone else 's ass too . a guy 's get four week tc put on @ play -~ he do not wanr to argue about whether tolstoy can walk if he 's die . michael the guy be a idiot . that be 2 year ago . GEORGE ; cc they can not all be idiot . that 's the last time you work ! you argue with everyone . you have get one of the worst xveputation in town . nobady will touch you . michael wait a minute now ... what be you say ? that nobody in New York will work with I ? GEORGE no , that 's too limit . how about no one in Hollywood will work with you either . I can not even send you up for a commercial . you play a tomate for 30 second and they go a half day over because you would not sit down ! ( because you do not agree with the block ! ) michael it be not logical . GEORGE you be a tomato ! a tomato '' do not have logic ! ( do not have logical block ! ) a tomato can not move ! ( continued ) C ' revised : 7/28/82 ( blue page ) . 25 . 32 . continued : michael that 's what I say ! so if a tomato can not move , how can it sit down ?! twas a great tomato ! I be a stand - up tomato ! GEORGE Michael ... Michael ... you be a brilliant actor , but there 's nothing I can do for you . io think you ought to get some therapy . ( continued on next page ) 26 . 32 . continued : ( 5 ) michael {quietly determine ) ~~ George , I be go to raise $ 8,000 and I be go to do Jeff 's play . GEORGE ( shaking he head ) Michael , you have not be listen . you be not go to raise .25 '' , {slowly ) no one will hire you . michael oh yeah ? 33 , ext . madison ave . - long lens - day teaming with people , come and go . the focus gradually force we to notice one woman move towards we unsteadily on high heel . she ig Michael . 34 , int . naticnal tv studio ~ outer waiting rocm - day Michael , in drag , stand at the reception desk , as jacqui consult she clipboard . four oteer tough lock woman wait , jacqui George grey 's you agent ? michael mmmm . jacqui hew do you spell you last name , dorothy ? michael jacgut okay , come on . 35 . int . studio B ~ day ron , the director , be make note on he script . ( continued ) 35 , continued : in bg technician be move set around . rita look at various costume that Alfred be show she . she smoke incessantly . jacqui ron , this be dorothy michael . we director , ron carlysle , that 's we producer , rita Marshall , dorothy dee not have a resume . she 's only be in town two week . George grey 's she agent . ron that 's very impressive , dorothy . George Gray take very few unknown , dorothy ( southern accent ) he be very kind to I . ron but I be afraid you be not right for this part , dorothy . I be sorry . dorothy oh ... why ? ron ( full of charm ) ya ' see , I be try to make a statement with the rele . a very pertinent statement , hope - fully . and I need a specific physical type . dorothy what type ? I be a actress , Mr. carlysle . a character actress ... ron honey , there just be not time to work on character on a soap . it 's unfortunate but you either have the right quality or you do not . ( take she arm , lead she towards the door ) i'm sure you be a wonderful actress , ( more ) ( continued ) 35 . 36 . continued ; 28 , ( 2 ) ron ( contd ) but you be just a bit too soft , too genteel , not threaten enough , dorothy you want a threat ? how 's this ? take you hand off my arm or T will knee you ball through the reof of you mouth . be that enough of a threat ? ron ( numbly ) that 's a start ... dorothy I will tell you what you really want . you want a caricature woman to prove some idiotic point ... like power make woman masculine +s - or masculine woman be ugly . well , shame on the woman who let you do it , on any woman who let you do it . ( point to rita ) and that mean you , dear . and she sweep out . ty studio rita Jesus , ron what 's idietic about power make woman masculine ? not that that 's my point ... ~ reception area dorothy stand by the elevator , glance over she shoulder , rita hurry up to she . rita have you ever do Television ? dorothy no , ma'am . I have not . ( continued ) 36 . 37 . 38 , continued : rita be that for real in there or be you audition for the part ? dorothy which answer will get I a read ? int . studio ~ the floor - dorothy - rita - day a female stage manager ( j0 ) , wear head set and power pack come up with " side , " rita ( into hang mike ) ron , I want to test Ms. michael . ( the go } we be go the run some tape on she . julie phillip , pretty , blonde , the show 's lead lady pass as dorothy drop the " side . " she kneel quickly to retrieve they and discover Julie kneel beside she , help . dorothy oh , dear , I can m't find page 4 . julie ( quiet smile ) they will never know the difference , Julie have gather the page , they both stand up . Julie hand dorothy the page , smile understandingly . julie ( sott ) do not think of it as a camera , think of it as something friendly , like a cannon . and she move away , dorothy stare after . at the door Julie turn , wink , give a " thumb up " gesture . int . control room - ron , jacqui , other include mel Rich , the td . ( continued ) 30 . 38 . continued : ron ( to rita ) you really think she 's worth testing for this ? rita she tell I that no director have ever communicate a part to she so fast . . ron oh. well ... she do pick up what I say very quickly . ( into mike ) give I a leave profile , camera two . camera one , get she right side . we see the camera adjustment on the multiple monitor . rita ( to mel ) not so close , camera one . mel ( into mike ) back off , one , camera one 's monitor show the move , rita ( into mike ) I would like to make she lock a little more attractive . how far can you pull back ? cameraman' yoice ( filter ) bow do you feel about Cleveland ? camera one pull back a bit . ron {into mike ) good right there . miss michael , we be go to try one . you ready ? all the dorothy 's on the monitor nod . {continued } 38 . 31 . continued : ( 2 ) rita {into mike ) jo. jo and dorothy read the audition scene : jo " I know the kind of woman you be , Emily , get older , never be pretty . you can not have a man so you want to be one . " dorothy stare at she incredulously , then laugh , surprising everyone with she interpretation , jo look up from the script bewilder , then back dawn . dorothy " you be wrong , Dr. brewster , I be very proud of be a woman . but I be also proud of thig hospital . and before I let it be destroy by yvour callous inhumanity , before I let you turn this patient into number , before I let youturn the die into the deag ... ( she gently remove the script from jo ) I will recommend to the board that you be turn out into the street . good day , Dr. brewster . ( turn jo around ) I say , ' good day . ' " rita ( after a beat , into mike ) thank you . hold it a minute . mel tough cookie . ron yes . I give she that direction . rita something more , though . ron Boy , I do not know . I mean it 's ( more ) ( continued ) 38 . 33 . 32 . continued : ( 3 ) ron ( contd ) you decision but something about she bother I , do not it bother you ? rita she 's feminine without be weak . she save it from be a caricature . ( into mike ) Alfred , get she measurement ! dorothy you mean , I have get the part ? rita we will get the contract cver to George today , you will start Thursday . Alfred , I see peasant skirt and dark sweater . and scaris . , lot of scarf . fcall off ) re-licht for item twelve ! on the floor alire approach forothy with he tape measure . alfred what 's you size , dear ? dorothy ( guess ) twelve , fourteen ? alfred well , which be it ? dorothy I do not know . I go up and down , alfred that 's more than I need to know , darling , ext , russian tea room = day patron come and so . dorothy stand outside wait , George grey approach , go briskly to the entrance , { continued ) a 33 . 39 , continued : dorothy Excuse I , sir , I wonder if you could help I ? I be look for the Russian tea room . GEORGE this be the Russian tea room . dorothy oh , my star , so it be . this be really embarrassing . GEORGE ( slightly nervous ) yeah ... wall ... this be it . he gee in , dorothy sweep in after he . 40 . int . russian tea room = day - GEORGE 5 dorothy George sit at a table . a beat , and dorothy sit next to he , GEORGE ( startle ) what the hell be this ? dorotey , of you mind awfully ? I be new in town and I be lonely . .. . GEORGE ( rise ) waiter ?! dorotey oh , let 's not order yet . dorothy gently cup George 's buttock . GEORGE be you crazy ? dorothy ( in Michael 's voice ) tt 's Michael , you schmuck . there be a long pause . George sit down slowly . GEORGE Jesus , I begge you to get some therapy . ( continued ) revised 6/23/82 33a. 40 . int . russian tea room - day ~ GEORGE & dorothy George enter , leave he coat at the . checkroom , and head inte the dining area . dorothy enter , spot George , leave she coat and head after he . versus we see George be seat by Gregory . GEORGE hello , Gregory . gregory Mr. field , good afternoon . good to see you . GEORGE good to see you , too . Gregory finish seating George . gregory the waiter will be here in just a minute . Gregory leave . George begin to look through he newspaper . dorothy sit next to he . dorothy hit GEORGE what the hell be this ? dorothy be you the famous George field , the agent ? f'd like to - - - I be new in town , I be awfully lonely and I just wonder if you would buy I lunch ... GEORGE Gregory ! dorothy creb George 's buttock . George yelp , sit gown again , cough to cover he yelp . dorothy ( switch in & out of Michael 's voice ) shh ! I get a secret for you . it 's micheel . Michael Dorsey , you favorite client . lest time you get I a job it be a tomato ! there be e long pause . GEORGE Jesus , I begge vou to get some therapy . ( continued ) C . revised 3/22/82 34. 40 , continued : dorothy you also tell I nokody would hire I . GEORGE you think this be go to change anything ? dorothy I have get a soap , George . I be the new woman administrator om " Southwest General . " I almost do not get the part , they think twas too feminine . GEORGE you will never get away with it . corotey I got. away with it . GEORGE C you be psychotic . they stop talk as a waiter appear . walter something from the bar ? george a doubla vodka . Quick ! walter and the lady ? dorothy ( man 's voice ) dubonnet , with a twist , the waiter raise he eyebrow , but nod politely , leave . cc ( cont inved ) ( 35 . 4a , continued : ( 2 ) dorothy they be send you the contract today . GEORGE I ? dorothy I use you name the get the read . GEORGE you have no right to do that , Michael ... or whatever you call yourself , dorothy dorothy . dorothy michael . I toy with isadora ... someone in the business , joel spector , stop by the table . joel George , ww GEORGE hello , Joel . ( uncomfortably ) eo+ - uh «= talk to Stuart today . he will be in London for a week , then he definitely want to meet . dorothy offer Joel she hand , resume she female voice . corothy hello . GEORGE ( unhappily ) jcel spector , this be dorothy -=- something ... dorothy michael . I can not tell you how much I admire you work , Mr. spector , corothy remove she hand from Joel 's , and begin stroking George 's lec , George spill he water and get very busy mop it up with he napkin . ( continued ) revised 3/22/82 36 . 40 , continued : ( 3 ) joel well , thank you , miss michael , that 's very flatter . ( to George ) next week . ( to dorothy ) hope to see you again , miss michael , he move off . GEORGE you could not do that as a man ? you have to put on a cress before you could pay someone a compliment . dorothy ( rise ) pay the check when it come , and lend be a thousand until payday . george why ? dorothy I have to have something to wear besides this . music up : 41 , montage - dorothy shopping ~ nay a ) a lingerie section at a department store . a salesgire hold up a brassiere , dorothy take it , think it 's too small . B ) a makeup section at a department store . salesgirg hold up a shade of " blush , " dorothy be confuse , order more , finally have a ridiculously large assortment of package , ( continued ) revised 8/23/82 ( s3lue page ) 37 . 41 . continued : C ) apparel section - dressing rocm . a exhaustad saleswoman stand as derethy study herself in the mirror . there be dress strewn everywhere . saleswoman I will not let you not buy it . it 's the most become dress you have try on . _ dorothy but do not you think it make I lock dumpy ? saleswoman that 's because you be wear ankle strap . believe I , with a few alteration ... 42 . ext . STREET near blcomingdale = dorothy - pay derothy come cut of bloomingdale , with bag , go to hail cab . a cab stop , but as derethy approach , a man cut in front of she , jump in and leave she stand . she pulis he out , throw he onto the ground , get inte the cab and drive off . 43 . ov . loft apartment ~ michael and jeff Michael in a old robe with he foot in a pan of water , tematce and cottace cheese on he plate , packace all around . Jeff pour hot water into tke pan . michael that woman be like animais . i see one really smart handbag on sale but I be just too ex - haust to fight for it . they be vicicus -~ they kill they own ! you know what this lingerie cost ? and the makeup ! I do not know how a woman can keep herself attractive and not starve . can I have a little more cottage cheese ? jeff ( point to wig ) be this the one you wear today ? michael oh , I have get to set this tonight : this be not . go to be easy , y'know , I have get to get up at 4:30 , sor can do a close shave ... ( Jeff pour cottage cheese ) ( continued ) C revised 8/23/82 ( rink page ) continued : michael ( cont would ) easy , easy ! I be on a dieti ! io already call the studio and tell they I have to do my own makeup ' cause I have be allergy . jefp I appreciate you do this , but it be just for the money , be m't it ? it 's not so you can try on this little outfit ? michael I be not even go to answer that . it happen to be one - of the great act challenge any actor can have ! you know what my real problem be ? jeep cramp ? michael Sandy . how can I tell she they cast a man instead of she ? she get suicidal at a bizthday party . jeff be not tell she . michael where be I co to say I get the money for the play ? what be T gonna say , somebody die and leave it to I ?? int . sandy'' apartment - sandy and michael - night Sandy be close the door , ( continued ) 38 . cas . revised 7/20/82 ( blue page ) 39 , 44 continued : 7 e for sandy oclese door ) oh , my God ! when do she die ? michael last week . sandy what of ? michael german measle . sandy gee ... what a coincidence you need $ 8,000 and you aunt die and leave vou exactly that much ! michael be not iti Michael unzip he jacket , take out script , hand it to she . michael ( continue ) CW start learn you line ! sandy ( pace to Michael 's other side ) oh , my God , Michael , I can not believe it ! what a great part ! michael come on . get dress . I be go to take you to dinner . sandy really ? michael why not ? it 's about time we celebrate something ! sandy : to " return to the Love Canal . " ( she hand he the glass lemme just jump in the shower - T will be five minute ! sancy head down the hall and into the bedroom . revised 7/20/82 ( blue page ) 40 . 44a . 44b . int . sandy'' apartment - michael - night camera slowly pan from the bedroom door to the live room , where Michael read variety while walk toward the archway . he stop , look into the mirror , begin to pose . he toss the paper onto the couch , do some more position in the mirror , then stop to think for a moment . camera pan michael as he head out of the live room , down the hallway , and into the bedroom . int . sandy'' bedroom - night Michael enter the room , glance at the close bathroom door , go to the closet . he open the closet door , turn on the light , and begin to look through Sandy 's clothes . as he look at the dress hang on the inside of the closet door , he notice the dress laid out on the bed . michael oooh ! Michael pick up the dress , look in the mirror as he hold the dress in front of himself . he glance again at the bathroom door , put the dress down on the bed , and begin to undress . he throw he sweatshirt onto the bed , undoe he pants , and bend down while lowering they . suddenly , Sandy start out of the bathroom . sandy nopen door ) Michael , we do not have to g out to eat , we could stay here . she see Michael , pants down , react . Michael jume up , try to cover himself , and try to figure out what to say . michael Sandy -- I - I = I want you ! sandy ( surprised ) you want I ? michael ( shuffle toward she , pant around ankle , arm outstretch ) I want you ! C 45 . 46 . 47 . 41 . continued ; michael how ' bout I call you tomorrow . sandy I know there 's pain in ev relationship and I would like to have mine now . otherwise , I will wait by the phone and if you do not call , then I will have to have pain and wait by the phone . you could save I a lot of time . michael then let 's make it definite . dinner tomorrow . int . michael be room ~ early morning a alarm go off show 4:30 a.m. series of quick cut : a ) Michael shave , very clesely . 8 ) Michael shave he leg , C ) Michael shave under he arm . he cut himsel ' , wince , stuff toilet Paper under he arm . D ) he apply a thick makeup base , false eyelash , then long false fingernails . = ) Michael , in jockey short , makeup , eyelash and fingernails in place , strap on a bra , back to front and move out of the bathroom . int . kitchen area ~ loft - jeff 5 michael - day Michael , turn bra back to front enter and be surprised to see Jeff , seat in a robe , coffee prepare . michael you do not have to get up . jeff ( lock he over ) oh yes I do . 48 . 49 . 50 . sl. 42 . ext . michael' apartment - michael - dawn dorothy michael emerge , put she finger in she mouth and whistle for a cab . the cab screech to a halt . int . tv studio build - entry area - early morning dorothy enter , address mac , the Security Guard . dorothy I be derothy michael . '' South - west General . " mac ( consult list ) oh , yeah . they want you in Conference room B right away , dorcthy tense . close - conference room B door dorothy open it and enter : conference room 3 jo , the stage manager , be there with a official - look man . dorothy I be tell to come right here , jo right. ( to man ) this be dorothy michael , who play Mrs. kimberly . {to dorothy ) this be Doctor schiff . dorothy play by who ? jo docter schiff be Doctor schifz , he 's here to give you a physical . dorothy a what ? {continued} 43 . continued : schifp for insurance purpose . ( open he bag ) it 's routine . jo when you be finish , I will take you to you dress room . she exit . schiff apply pen to form . schiff dorethy michael , be that right ? dorothy yes . schiff Age ? dorotey porty . schiff look . dorothy ( continue ) oe , three . but do not you tell . schiff Weight ? height ? dorothy one thirty -seven . five six and a little bit . as he take she blood pressure : schiff General health pretty good ? dorothy excellent . schiff ( read gauge ) blood pressure 's a little high . silence . schiff undoe the blood pressure sleeve , lift stethoscope to dorothy 's heart . ( continued ) € sl. 52 . 53. 44 . continued : ( 2 ) dorothy first day nerve . schiff what 's this about a allercy to makeup ? dorothy oh , I just say that . actually I be a wee bit sensitive . {confidentially ) I sometimes have this little moustache problem . schiff oh ? nlean closer ) not all man find that unattractive , you know . he put he hand lightly on she knee . int . corridor - studio - jo & dorothy - day dorothy follow , as jo point off towards a doorway . jo you be in nine . dorothy go to the door , enter . int . dressing room - day stand in the room , wear a scanty robe , be april paige , delicious , young . april bi , I be April paige . make yourself at home . and she whip off she robe , revealing bra and panty . deretny gasp , turn away , only to see April reflect in the makeup mirror . dorothy what a nice lock tabla . april push the telegram out of the way and make some room for yourself . . ( continued ) & 45 . > 53 . continued : dorothy do you open in something ? april nmove to shewer ) no . they be from some creep I go out with . you can read ‘em if you want . they be funny . dorothy ( read ) " sorry about last night . " " please forgive last night . " " last night will never happan again . '' what do ha do last night ? april ocall from shower ) nothing ! ( she come back in ) with and it take he till three in the morning . God , it be a drag . on dorothy 's shockad lock , there be a knock . a p.a. stick he head in and hand dorothy two blue page . pla . for you , miss michael . he go out . dorothy fasten she eye on the page . dorothy they be for today !! april they always throw stuff at you the last minute . you could lose you mind around here . dorothy oh , God ! april what 's wrong ? dorothy i. T have to kiss Dr. brewster ! ( continued ) 53. 34 . 55 . 46 . continued : ( 2 ) april yeah . he kiss all the woman on the show . must be in he contract . we call he '' the tongue . ! on dorothy 's horrify look . int . studio - hospital room szt - day ron be block a scene between julie and rick lacy , who lie atop a bed , script in hand . rita and crew stand by make note . during , derethy stand in bg next to a distinguished looking gentleman , watch . alvin be make last minute costume adjustment on she . ron ( to Julie ) okay , quickly now , the tube have pull out of Rick 's nose , so there 's be a alert at you station , Julie . Rick , as soon as she start to stuff the tube back in you nose , you grab she . rard . julie to he condition ? ron absolutely . he 's be out of he head since he fall through the ice , and , in he delirium he think you be anthea . ( to Rick ) maybe even say " anthea " when you grab she . rick that 's good . be my violin here in the room somewhere ? ron no , the violin sink . it 's at the bottom of the lake . angle ~ dorothy & gentleman dorothy ( quietly ) the violinist fall through the ice ? ( continued ) 47 . 35 . continued : gentleman he be play it during the thaw . ( suavely } you be dorothy michael , be not you ? derothy nod . gentleman ( continue ) " f'm John van horn . we be up next . he give he mouth a generous binaca spray . ron now , Julie , honey , when he gvab you , you be tear . you struggle , you know you should get the tube back in he nose because he 's in danger of anaphalactic shock , but , suddenly , here you be in the arm of a man whose music be anthea 's whole life , a man who stcod by you after Ted 's breakdown . julie okay . ron so you struggle , but you be struggle with yourself , as well julie ( amused ) and I lose , right ? ron now I want to do the whole thing on the floor . it will explain how the tube fall out . and , Julie , when you get dewn on you knee , it say here it will in - flame Rick 's desize . God know it always inflame mine . {then} okay , big John , dorothy -- everybody , this be dorothy michael , we new Hospital administrator . ( continued ) u ~ $ 3 . continued : ( 2 ) hello 's all around . julie we meet the other day . I be Julie Phillips , the hospital blut . dorothy hi. ( hold new page } Mr. carlysle , I have a teeny question about this business with Dr. brewster -- ron sweetheart , we be so late , we be not even go to be able to rehearse it -~ dorotey but o- ron ( I be just go to show you you mark , honey , and then we be go to have to go right to " tape " -- dorothy but -- ron Big John , you enter , see they struggle , cross over to Rick and Julie and cry loudly , '' nurse Charles -= be you insane ? " joen yes . I see . will that be on teleprompter ? " loudly ? " ron yes. {to dorothy ) now , toot , you enter here , you ¢eross to here , and you corridor scene be here . he point out the door to the " X 's " on the floor . revised 3/22/82 56 . 57 . 58. 49 . close - tape reel spinning - editing room a editor sip a bottle of celery tonic . int . studio B - taping ~- cast , crew Julie be on the floor struggle with Rick , who keep say " anthea " in a delirious voice . Van horn entar , glance at the teleprompter and say : joen ( loudly ) '' nurse Charles -- ara you insane !* the door burst open and dorothy enter . dorothy " I be Emily kimberly , the new administrator ! what 's go om hereai ? " she cross to the struggle couple , whip Julie to she foot in a single move . Van horn ignore that Julie be up . joen help I get she to she foot , misa kimberly . " Julie look at he blankly . then guickly buckle she knee . dorothy help she up again . dorotey " tend to you patient , nurse Charles . ( to the bewilder Van horn ) you and I have to talk , Dr. brewster . " tnt . control booth - all ron hold he head in he hand . ron I do not believe this . rita it 's all right , the girl save it . ( continued } ac 50 . continued : John and dorothy be do they scene . John 's eye go to the teleprompter behind dorothy frequently . JOHN " well , you have not change at all , Emily . " dorothy '' oh , but I have , medford . now that father be dead , the weight of this hospital fall upon ny sheulder . and I will bear that weight , no matter what obstacle you put in my path . " JOHN nlean toward she ) " you know , Emily , there 's no reason for we to be in opposite camp . we can rule ' Southwest General ' together . I admire people with power . ( come closer ) woman with power , especially . " he lean forward to kiss she . dorothy slap he across the face . he stand open-mouthed . dorothy " be this the same approach you would have use on my father , Dr , brewster ? doe you really think I be someone you can grope in the broom closet and then not consider a threat ? I be afraid , Dr. brewster , that you have underestimate I . if you want to win I over , you will have to deal with my mind , not my lip . '' ron ( into he mike ) and cutl mel ( inte he mike ) stop tape . jacq qur can we use it ? rita be you kid ? c 59 . int . studio ~ cast , crew rita and ron enter . John stand there be a buzz of conversation . joen ( bewilder ) I be suppose to kiss dorothy it be a instinct . I hearing ron 's word =- threat '' and I realize it would -= juliz 51 . hold he face . all overlapping . she . keep '' instant how much ~~ it be a good instinct . ( knowingly ) it would have be mine . ron {to Julie ) just a minute -- I will handle the : instinct here ! rt happen to be a good instinct question about a piece but next time , if you have a of business , you discuss it with I . dorothy it be wreng of I not to . julie and thanks for catch I . you save my ass . literally . rita okay , people . ron ( clap Van eorn on back ) Big John , good work ! all leave johrn dorothy I mean item seven . except Van horn and dorothy . ++. I just want to say that I love what you do in we scene . he kiss she full on the mouth . welcome abcard , 60 . 6l. 52 . ext . studio - Day ron and Julie come out arm in arm . Julie stay near the building as ron move to the curb to get a cab . in a moment , dorothy come out . julie you will sleep good tonight . dorothy my star ... it certainly be +o. exhilate . julie tell I that next week . ron call from the curb . ron c'mon , honey . juliz can.we give you a lift ? why do not you join we for a drink ? dorothy thanks , but I feel like walk . dorothy watch , as ron and Julie drive off . then limp toward the curb to hail a cab . int . loft apartment - nigat jef sit at the table , smoking he pipe , hold he play . Michael stand in he short , set he wig . michael I do not know if she 's pretty or net -- maybe in a Hollywood way . but she 's no dummy . she throw in that faint like a pro . jeff I rewrote the necktie scene . you be right . it be too literary . michael I wonder how my leg would look in flat . you know ... I have get a whole character for dorothy . I know everything she would do , I really understand this woman . ( continued ) c x revised 8/23/82 61 . continued = the phone ( pink page ) si. # - jeff well , how would you ever end up communicate with this guy ? michael well , he tell I what he want , oof i do what I want , he ball I out , and I apologize to he ! to think dorothy 's smarter than I ... jeep but you be dorothy . michael I just wish I look prettier . I feel that she 's such a beauti - ful person . maybe if I give she @ satter hair style ... ring . Jeff lean for it . michael ( cont would ) ( go toward Jeff ) go not answer that ! jeff why ? . michael <= could be for dorothy . jeff . you give they this number ? michael thad Tel the show may have to get hold of I if they change the schedule . jeff I will answer it and see . miceael not I do not want they to think dorothy life with a guy . [ t 's wrong for my character ! jeff what if it 's for I ? it could be important ! you answer it as bercthy . michael io can not answer it as dorothy ! what if it 's Sandy ? ( continued ) revised 8/23/82 . ( pink page ) . s4 . 6l. continued : ~ C sez ? see what if it 's Diane ? how do tr explain a woman here ? the phone stop ringing . Michael head back to table . _ michael ale right , I be sorry . we will get S @ service . jeff ( rise , pick up coat ) that take three day . look , I do not complain when you put a fodl through the couch just under my arm , when you be cyrano . or when you stuff - underwear into you shirt for @ hump , and go tun around fanting about this be a bell tower ! but I do not understand why I should sit here pretend I be not home because you be not - " that kind of girli " cc . Jeff head to the door . michael where be you go ? jefp I be go over to Diane 's so in case she or anybody else want I they can find I . michael who do you think I be do this for ? I be do this for you , Jeff , for you play , for Sandy - ~~ sandy !! I be suppose to take she out to dinner tonight ! 62 , int . sandy'' apartment — nigat Sandy stand with the phone to she ear , coat over she be . sandy nint phone ) I ask you to give I the pain yesterday , Michael . intercut - michael and sandy C ( continued ) sake revised 8/13/82 ( blue page ) s5 . C & 63. continued : — michael ( hoarse whisper ) Sandy , I can not talk long . I do not forget . but I have get some kind of virus . I be really sick . ( he cough ) io may have the flu . sandy ' oh , Michael , have you get a fever ? ... how much ? ... oh , my God ! you go - right ' to bed . take two aspirin . bundle up . sweat . drink lot of liquid . and take 1000 unit of vitamin C every hour ... with milk . and , Michael ... ( she leek at the phone ) +--+ Michael ? int . michael be loft - MAIN area ~ midnight Michael sit at the dining room table , derethy 's make - up and work all around he . he have fall asleep with he head on the table and some , but not all , of he nail polished . there be a scratch sound , as of a dog paw at the door . Michael sit up , now fully awake , and wary as the scratch sound continue . he tis , move silently to the door . ee unlock it , pick up a pot to use as a weapon , cten the deor aocrack . Sandy be sit on the step write a note . food container and bag fill with food be all arcund she . michael ( throw the decor open wide ) Sandy ! Sandy , surprised , stand up scream , michael ( he hand to he liz ) shbhi ! Michael remember he nail , put he hand behind he back , . sandy oh , God ! I wake you ! I do not mean to cet you out of bed . I make some chicken soup . and I pick up some fruit and milk for the ( more ) ( continued ) et 63. . revised 8/13/82 ( pink page ) 56 . continued : oc try at sandy ( cont would ) vitamin c. and I be just write a note tell you it 's from I so you would not get paranoid and throw it out ... and l-woke you up ! - - win ok , I could riil mysels£ . hotest , I be so sorryy michael ( put rot down , . - get green glove ) . no , no ... you should not have go to all that trouble ... Michael be now wear the green mitt on he right hand . sandy oh , it be not trouble . oh , you have get a chill . put the other one on . michael dt ify fie ae ae ( get brewn mit ) : -. yeah , you be right . Michael now wear a mit on each hand . sandy I guess I should go now ? should [ bring it in ? no , I should go now . she turn to go . michael no , you can bring it in ... but you can not stay long , because if I be infectious ... sandy +++ I could catch something . right. ( she start in with the bag ) TI will not stay more than a minute . Sandy go into the kitchen , put bag down by the table . sandy ( cont would ) there 's more . Michael go to get the rest of the food , as Sandy put she purse and coat down , spot the pantyhose and go to shem . when Michael ster inside , he see she bent over , she back to he , hold the stocking . om ( continued ) 63. $ 7 . continued : ( 2 ) she carry they to the kitchen . Michael go wearily gut into the hall and pick up the rest . when he step inside , Sandy be hold a pair of panty hose . michael honey , please , put they back on . do not be hurt but I can not now . I be too beat from this virus to move . sandy this be not mine . they be on the floor outside you bedrocn . michael what ! ( snatching the panty hese away ) goddamn jeffil I tell he not to use my bedroom . sandy there 's pad on the hip . michael yes ! so there be ! Jeff must have die when she take they off ! he love hip . sandy where be Jeff ? michael at dianne 's . writer be insatiable . sandy well ... if you get better ... and you feel like call ... michael what do you mean " if " I get better ? this be not terminal . ( propelling she toward door ) I will be better tomorrow , sandy tomorrow ?? ( continued ) cc. revised 3/22/82 58 . continued : ( 3 ) 63. 64 . michael tomean ... soon ! ... a few daysl and I will call you first thing . sandy maybe ... if you can eat ... we will have dinner . michael good idea ! dinner for sure . music you . montage : a ) B ) cc ) D ) E ) 6 ) B ) george' secretary sit as though type , a ear plug im she ear . follow the cord to see it be connect to a smail tv set , not a dictaphone . she watch the " soap , " reacting 2g dorcthy slap Van horn . dorothy and julie exit the studic . Julie be surround by 7 or '' fan . derothy wave good - bye as Julie shrug ; " sorry ' bout that . " jepf and michael walk through the park . Jeff hold he script -- Michael gesticulates wildly . dorothy and julie exit the studio . the 7 or '' fan start toward Julie , but one of they drift over to borothy . Julia indicate to other that " that 's derethy michael . " [ dorothy appreciate . group of housewive at card table , card forget . they all watch " Southwest General . " michael and jeff walk . Michael veer off the a jewelry store window . a display of earring . Jeff gesture , " for Sandy ? " Michael gesture , " no , for I . '' he look off , see Julie and ren , arm in arm , exite a restaurant . push in to Michael ag he watch . michael on phone to Sandy . he write down the dinner date on he phone pad . sandy rush out of a supermarket , load with grocery , flower poke out the top of one bag , revised 3/22/82 65 . 59 . int . studio - emily's ofc ~ dorothy & van horn taping a scene . Julie and April stand out of camera watch . joen ( read teleprompter ) " I think you will find you have picked the wrong man to challenge , misa kimkerly . '' derothy take he face abruptly in she hand and turn he head away from the teleprompter so he look at she . she whip dorothy ( improvise ) look at I , Dr. brewster . tf do not trust a man whe will not meat my eye . I do not trust it in a bank teller , I do not trust it in a insurance salesman , and I cextainly do not trust it in a Chief surgeon ! he head back to the teleprompter but do not lat go . she pull dorothy ( back toa script ) ° it be you who throw down the gauntlet .* JOHN ( read ) " you be a incredibly insensitive woman , miss kimberly . " he head back to she . dorothy " stop think of I as a woman , Dr. brewster , and start think of I as a person . that 's what ' Southwest General ' be make of , ie . and the sconer you yealize that , the less tension you and I will have . and tell nurse Charles I want to see she ~~ immediately . " there be a music sting . revised 3/22/82 G. 66 . int . control room ~ all xel one , push in for close - up , rita , ron ( im unison ) not too close ! mel {into mike ) hold -- and cut . & red light flash on a phone , rita pick it up , 67 , int . studio Julie be in hysterics , try to hide it . joen ( ts dorothy ) that be wonderful , the way you hold my face . you really control I . I feel you power . rita enter . rita . good news , child , we brilliant engineering staff have once again erase a entire reel of the show ... so I be afraid we will have to tape it again . groan frem everyone . rita ( continue ) it 's either that or do it live tomorrow . . joen ( desperately ) I think we should tape . 67a . int . studio - later taping over . jo hand out tomorrow 's page . dorothy take hers , start off the floor . she suddenly freeze ( continued ) revised 3/22/82 61 , - 67a . 68. 69 . continued + and stare off : in a space between set , ron have April press against the wall , he hand half - way up she skirt , he mouth over hers . int . dressing room corridor = dorothy think . as she pass Julie 's dress room : julie' voice some. day , huh ? dorothy move to doorway . Julie sip white wine . dorothy do this happen often ? julie every so often ... we actually have to do it live , once . you should have see Van horn 's faca =~ of course , you could not see Van horn 's face -- he be so panicked , they have to shoot he from the back . ( a beat ) drink ? dorothy ( start away ) no , thank you . julie derothy ... 2 know this be just what you want to hear but -~ we have get 26 page tomorrow . if you could find it in you heart to come over and run it with I ; we could have something to eat . I be a bear defroster . surely , you can not tell I you have have enough scap opera for today . ext . tv studio ~ close on a fan pan # 1 miss kimberly ! you know , you look just the way you look . pull back to see April , Julie and dorethy signing autograph . ( continued ) C k 5/28/82 St , 64 coit . dialogue fan # 2 ( to April ) . do you give Melanie White an‘ overdose of x- ray on purpose ? '' april ( shrugging ) ~ I do not know . I do not write this shit , you know . fan 21 cross to dorothy . pan $ 3 please do not be so hard on Dr. brewster , he 's only mean because '' he 's se insecure . fan 33 cross to April . fan # 1 miss kimberly , you know , you look just the way ' you look ! / you be so attractive ! dorotey thank you ! julie and les come out of studio , head to derothy . julie dorothy , I would like you to meet my dad , Les . dorothy what a pleasure ! I just love you daughter to piece ! pan # 4 gee to Julie , as Les and derothy cont . to talk . fan # 4 you be not really go to give the violinist a lobotomy , be you , miss Nichols ? julie . T do not know . I have not see the page yet . 1s revised 3/22/82 eas ' continued : a pan # 2 ( to April ) do you give Melanie White a rdose of x- ray on - purpose ? ( shruggim I do not ktiow . I write this shit , you know . fan # 3 . please do not be so hard on Dr. , brewster . he 's only mean because he 's so insecure . 70 , int . loft - jeff , michael - night fhe apartment a cyclone of clothes , shoe , underwear . jefp what do youmean you do not have a thing to wear ? y michael Shea 's see I in all this . jefp not in the white . michael I can not wear the white to a casual dinner . it 's too dressy . Jeff check cut the other clothes . michael listen , I sign 26 autograph today -- not that that mean anything . and some of that fan be not so dumb , either , jeff ( hold it up ) what about this little yellow outfit ? it 's pretty . michael I do not have any shoe for it . and it 's tight across the bust . ) it make I look cheap . ( continued ) C will revised 6/30/82 70 . 71 . " teatsit ev , ( pink ) 63 . continued : jeff T think it look sexy . ( suddenly ) int . julie be oh , my God ! what be I say ? michael I know it seem silly to you , but t... well , it 's we first date ... and , hell , I would just like to look pretty for she . apartment ~ entry hall - night Julie , hold baby clothes and a bottle , open the door to admit dorothy , hold a small bouquet of flower , she coat over she arm , julie hi . what a pretty outfit ! dorotey thank vou . julie come in . dorothy I bring you this . julie oh , you do not have to do that . let 's go put they in some water . they start through the apartment . mrs . crawley dorothy my , what a lovely room . julie be it ? a interior decorator do it . before the show , I have no money , since the show I have get no time . ( 60'ish ) enter with she hat and coat on . mrs . crawley ( grimly ) amy be asleep ~- finally . miss Nichols , vou be go to spoil that child to death , sicking she up every time she cry . ( continued ) & revised 3/22/82 43 . 70 . continued : jeff i think it look sexy . ( suddenly ) qh , my God ! what be I say ? michael td know it seem silly the you , but I ... well , it 's we first data ... and , hell , I would just like to look pretty for she . 71 . int . julie' apartment - entry ball ~ night Julie , hold a glass of wine , open the deor to admit derothy , hold a small bouquet of flower , she coat over she arm . julie bi . what a pretty dress . dorotey 1 ] ( hand flower ) thank you . jolie oh , they be beautiful . you do not have to do that . let 's gat they in water . they start through the apartment . dorothy my , what a lovely reom . julie ia it ? a interior decorator do it . before the show , I have no money , since the show I have get no time . mrs . crawley ( 60'ish ) enter with she hat and coat on . mrs . crawley ( grimly ) Andrew be asleep -= finally . I be count this overtime against my next night off , Mrs. Phillips . ( continued ) revised 6/30/82 ( pink ) 64 . 4 71 . continued : - julie thank you , Mrs. crawley . dorothy michael -= Mrs. crawley . dorothy how do you do . mrs . crawley ( unimpress ) Nice meeting you . Mrs. crawley leave . julie ohead to kitchen ) just drop you coat over there , dorothy . Julie enter the kitchen while dorothy leave coat and pocketbook on chair , then follow Julie . sulie that 's Amy 's nanny . she hate I , dorothy will who 's Amy ? julie she 's my caughter . she be 14 month old last week . dorothy I do not know you have a baby . julie De you have any kid ? dorothy no , I do not . julie be you ever marry ? dorothy no , no ... I be never that fortunate . I be engage once to a brilliant young actor whose career unfortunately be cut short by the insensitivity of the theatrical establishment . julie ' it kill he ? ( continued ) ' S x , revised 6/30/82 tl. continued : ( pink ) dorothy in a manner of speak . sutton give up act and I as well , and be now a waiter work in a disreputable restaurant . julie you want some wine ? dorothy no , thank you , we have to work , T want to keep sharp . julie can I ask you something ? do you worry about wear so much make - up all the time ? well , dorothy you see , I have this little moustache problem ... well , julie some man find that attractive . dorothy I do not like the one who find that attractive . I take it you be divorced ? julie no , T have never be marry . dorothy ( pour herself some wine well , perhaps just one drink . dorothy take a sip of wine . 72 . close ~ a woman' hand prepare a dish . pull back to reveal we be in sandy'' kitchen . she be happily prepare for she dinner with Michael . 65 . cl revised 7/1/82 ( pink page ) 66 .. 73. int . julie' kitchen - julie , dorothy - night one wine bottle stand empty . they , be deep into the second one . Julie stand at the counter , cut mush - room . dorothy be at the bulletin board , which contain tear out section of " soap " magazine , with Julie 's picture and headline such as : julte and burt : suddenly all we have left be memories ; or , southwest general' blazing duo : julie and lance ; and another , rick and julie : ts he really singing only for her . dorotey do you really date all this guy ? julie I never meet any of that guy . well , burt I see once in a agent 's office . the close I ever get to Springfield be when I buy one of he record . dorothy ( walk toward table ) y'know , I always want to be as pretty as you when I be young . 1 for bet you have have a slew of beaus . julie a couple . dorothy can I give you a hand ? julie no , you sit down , dorothy , take it easy . dorothy ( sit down ) what 's a couple ? how many 's that ? julie dorothy ! how many have you have ? dorothy ( ad-lib ) well , uh , I have have more than you could shake a stick at ... come on , tell I about ron . julie how much time you get ? ... well «-+ ron be ... hand down the best director of '' daytime Drama " . do they warn vou not to call ita " soap " ? for a while there , if ( continued ) t revised 7/1/82 ( pink page ) 67 . 73 . continued : i julie ( cont would . ) anybody say '' scap opera " in front of a civilian , rita fine they a quarter . I think that 's how she get she mercede . dorothy but what about you and ron ? julie ahh ... that 's " nighttime prama . " he 's ... interesting there , too . dorothy oh , so that mean you have a ... " good " relationship ? julie what 's a good relationship , dottie ? can I call you dottie ? he 's smart , he 's funny , he 's charming . he know how to get what he want . dorothy you mean , with you ? julie he 's not bad with amy either . we have get thing in common . you know any quy who 's interested in a woman who want she dinner at fcur , be unconscious by nine , and go to work at dawn ? dorothy but how do he treat you ? julie ahh ... there 's that ! listen , you do not think I do this without a plan , do you ? there be a lot of man in this world , but I be selective . I look around very carefully and when I find the guy I be sure can give I the worst time , then I make my move . --- 0 do not know why I tell you that ... a wail be hear from the other room . Julie set she glass gown , invite dorothy to see the baby , and leave the room . dorothy take cne drink of wine , set down she Glass , and follow . revised 7/2/82 ( pink page } 68 . 74 . int . amy bedroom camera pull back from close - up of Amy in crib to reveal dulie meving to crib as light come on . dorothy follew Julie . Julie lean over crib , lift Amy up and out of crib . julie Amy ... Amy ... that 's my little girl . dorothy say ' hello ' to you aunt dorothy ! julie you wanna hold she a minute ... . she 's so wet ... lemme get a pair of pajamas . Julie go to the bureau . dorothy I do not think she want I to hold she ... julie actually , you can set she down on the change table . just make sure you hold she . dorothy ( put Amy down ) easy , easy ... it 's okay .. , coh ! julie ( turn , reacting to yelp ) be you alright ? dorothy ( bent over Amy ) oh ! she 's get she little hand in my hair ! julie here , lemme help you ... dorothy ne , no , no , ... it 's fine ! she 's go to let go ... be not you , Amy ? let go ! let go ! dorothy finally get free , stand up . dorothy can I use you bathroom ? dorothy rush out of the room . e '' revised 75 . 76 . 7/6/82 ( blue page ) : 59 . int . sandy'' apartment - night sitting at a table set for two , candle and all . she check she watch unhappily , int . julie' apartment - night the leftover from dinner sit on the livingroom table . sulie and Amy sit on the couch , opposite dorothy who sit at the other end of the couch . dorothy have a cup of coffee , Julie a glass of wine . dorothy okay , now , " be you so sure of that , nurse Charles ? " you line . julie '' when you grow up the way I do , a orphan , raise by a sister sixteen year older , you have very few illusion .' ( sighing ) I doe not know why all my line sound like subtitles from a Czech movie . dorothy maybe they be ! listen , try answer it as though you be surprised . julie what do you mean ? dorothy no matter what I say , you answer with the line ... " why do vou drink so mich ? " sulie ( surprised at the question ) '' when you grow up the way I cid , a orphan , raise by a sister sixteen year older , you have very few illusion . '' it work ! thanks , dorothy ! both gulie and dorothy put down they script . dorothy now , why do you really drink so much ? julie tt 's not good for I , and it 's not fatten ... how many thing can you say that about ? ( continued ) revised 7/6/82 ( pink page ) 70 . 4 76 . continued : dorothy - you be tell I to mind my own business . julie no , I be just tell you not to worry about it ... it 's nice of you , but ... dorothy but I should mind my own business . julie it 's so complicated , be not it ? all of it ? truthfully , do not ° you find be a woman in the eighty complicated ? dorothy extremely . julie all this role - play -- confusion . everyone seem so screw up about | who they be . you know what I ow wish sometimes ? that just once a guy could be honest enough to walk up and say , " listen , I be confuse about all this , too . I could lay a big line on you , we could do a lot of role - play , but the simple truth be , I find you very interesting and I would really like to make love with you . it 's as simple as that . " would not that be a relief ? dorothy Heaven ... sheer heaven . ( continued ) a revised 3/22/82 tle 76 . continued : ( 2 ) Andrew have fall asleep . Julie pick he up gently . kiss he . julie . = never get enough time with he . he insist on be awake in the day and sleep at night . the nerve , huh ? I will tall you somathing though , I be crazy about the little bastard , use the word advisediy . ( the Andrew ) be not mommy crazy ahout you ? {to dorothy ) he 's the only absolutely straight person I know , except maybe my father ... and , in a way , you . ( smile ) you know what ? he like I a little , toe , -- I can recognize & the sign . ( then ) there be absolutely no bullshit with this child . ( laugh } ren wad suppose to be here last night . I have dinner ready . he never show up . claim he completely forget about it . De you suppose that could be true dorothy oh , godi ( spring up ) what time be it ? julie 10:30 . dorothy nput on coat ) ihave to go . forgive I for rush off . thanks for dinner . revised 7/26/82 ( GREEN page ) . mo . < 77 . int . taxi ~ dorothy - night Le '' pull off false nail , rip off eyelash . taxi driver ( deadpan ) , have a bad night , lady ? 78 . omit . 's a 79 . int . michael' apartment - dorothy - night running around , pull off she wig , transform herself into Michael . 80 . int . sandy'' apartment - night a sober Sandy open she front door to reveal Michael meekly hold a ice cream hag . michael ( enter ) I be sorry I be late . I be shampooing my hair and I get soap in my eye and tt could not see anything , and to top it off I want to get you favorite flavor - and I finally do — but I have to go to five store before I & find it . chocolate chocolate chip . sandy Michael , I see she . % Sandy move away , stop by table , she back to Michael . michael who ? sandy ( static ) I stop by you apartment when you be so late . I wait outside and I see that fat woman go into you place ... michael Pat woman ? sandy the one in the raincoat . michael nwalk to table ) oh , that woman . the one who 's help Jeff with the play ! wy ( continuing ) ( continued ) revised 7/26/82 ( GREEN page ) ao . continued : . . ee ees es . . '' . michael ( cont would ) '' ( turn to face Sandy ) ' I do not know what you be talk about . ( beat ) you really think she 's fat ? sandy it be dark in the stairway but she lock fat , and since when do Jeff start collaborate on he play ? michael ' she 's a old friend , a excellent ' typist , 100 word per minute -- Sandy , listen , I be not have a affair with the woman who go into my apartment ! it 's impossible ! michael sit down . . sandy really ? michael really . besides , if I be I - would tell you . sandy % nmove to sit down ) T be always make problem . I force you to come over here , make you feel guilty , now I feel guilty , I be sorry ! michael Sandy , do not do this ! do not apologize because I be three hour late ! you should be furious ! sandy but you have be so great to I . you be so terrific about the audition for the soap =~ the stupid soap ! by the way , do you see the cow they hire ? michael cow ? sandy I guess they go another way . C she 's just awful . ( continued ) revised 7/26/82 ( GREEN page ) , 73k . < sro strep . continued 's . michael + I hear she be pretty good . . sandy baloney ! she 's suppose to be the head of the hospital . remember how you . say she 's suppose to be a tough woman ? she 's not tough . she 's a wimp ! michael maybe it 's the line ... after all , she do not make up she line ... sandy well , maybe she should . they could not be any . worse . be you hungry , Michael ? michael ( think ) hmm ? no =~ yes ! sandy cq ( rise ) . we T will get you some meatloaf , it 's burnt , but ... % Sandy move to the kitchen . camera push in to michael . . michael a wimp ? revised 7/26/82 ( GREEN page ) t4. 80a . omit . <q sure ; '' I . gl . int . studio - dorothy 's " patient " - taping - the female " patient '' be in a arm cast , sobbing . ~ patient I can not move out , miss kimberly . I have nowhere to ga . I do not know what to do . dorothy look at the teleprompter . the teleprompter show dorothy 's line ; " you hushand 's problem be that he feel worthless without a job . you must try and understand that . perhaps you should get some therapy . " 82 . int . control room ~- all watch monitor . dorothy {suddenly ) do not lie there cring and tell I you husband beat you but you can not move out , Mrs. mallory . why should you move out ? it 's you house , cq too . '' you know what I would do , if somebody do that to I ? if they come around again , I would pick up the biggest thing T could find , and bash they brain in . a '' patient ( confuse ) '' but I can not afford therapy , miss kimberly . " ( continued ) q '' trotsie revised 4/23/82 ( blue page ) 75 . 82 . continued : . . dorothy who say anything about therapy ? rita ron , cut it ! ron and cut ! mel stop tape . all talk at once . patient -- she line be suppose to be , '' you husband 's problem be that he feel -- ° dorothy May I say , in my own defense , miss Marshall , that to tell somebody with two child , a break arm , a punch - in face and no money to move out of she own house and into a welfare shelter in order to get therapy be a lot of horseshit ! Excuse I . I would not do it , would you ? patient I can not act with this !! dorothy oh , shut up ! patient ron ! revised 8/6/82 ( blue page ) . 76 . 83 . omit a4 . close on a desx - hundred of envelope hitting desk top most of they address to dorothy michael or Emily kimberly . gaa . int , still photography studio - day montage of dorothy pose for greg Gorman , the fashion photographer : dorothy wear a red sequine gown , pose in front of the american flag . dorothy pose in a black evening gown . dorothy pose in a fur coat wear over the black evening gown , fan work nearby to create a wind effect . derothy pose hold a crystal ball , wear a sheer gold outfit , with a balck scarf drape around she head and shoulder , wearing the same gold outfit and scarf , dorothy pose lie gown . dorothy pose with Andy Warhol , she wear the magenta gown . cc dorothy pose with Andy Warhol , she wear the fur coat . dorethy , wear the ballet outfit , do dance pose move rapidly , as greg follow she , snap photo , dorothy pose in a cowgirl outfit , do western move , as greg move about take photo . intercut with : insert shot - strobe light umbrella as flash go off greg , use haselblad on tripod , direct of %- screen dorothy as he take photo . e443 . int . day people sit watch television . on the tube we see dorothy be interview by gene shalit gene what kind of career do you have before you hit the big - time ? dorothy well , I be with the margot cc Jones theatre in Dallas ... revised 8/6/82 ( blue page ) 756a . C bs. ext . suburban supermarket mall - cast ee m ap , osxothy , Julie , Van horn , a Doctor and @ nurse be - signing autograph . a warm sense of comraderie >etween Julie and dorothy , as Les get a cup of coffee and bring it to dorothy . . 86 , int , control room - all ~ taping on monitor a sobbing Julie speak to dorothy in a office set . julie " ... it 's partially my fault , miss kimberly . . I know I be pretty and I use it . I . should not have go to pr . brewster 's office that late . " dorothy ( a beat , then ) " well ... Dr. brewster have try to seduce several nurse on this ward , always complain to be in the throes of a uncontrollabie impulse . well , I think I be go to give every ( more ) % ( continued ) C revised 5/28/82 86 a7 . g7a . a73b . continued : oommit dorothy ( contd ) . nurse on this floor a electric cattleprod and instruct they to zap he you - know - where . let 's see if that do not help he control that impulse . what do you think ? ron cattleprodi ! int . sandy'' apartment ~ night she be on the telephone to Michael . sandy ~~ so I be think in the scene where we first step back into the house , I would close my eye ... ( she do so ) just for the first moment , almost like iwas in church . what d' you think ?... Michael ...? int . loft - michael - night holding up picture of him Jeff watch , curiously . michael hmm ? oh ...good , Sandy . elf from " soap " magazine . 77 . revised 5/27/82 . 78 . C 88 . ext . s7th STREET - GEORGE and micuneer walking - day . michael all I be say be that ir be dorothy , in other word , dorothy be I . I be dorothy . GEORGE no , no , you be act dorothy . michael it 's the same thing ! there 's @ woman in I that 's — - GEORGE let 's not get carry away with this . please , Michael . michael why can not you get I a special where I could do dorothy sing ~ - GEORGE ( interrupt ) special ? C michael ( continue ) * I could do some monologue ... I - feel like I have something mean - ingful the say to woman , that 's all . GEORGE listen to I , Michael . you have nothing to say to woman . michael that 's not true , man ! I have bean , a unemployed actor for twenty ' year - I know what it 's like . to feel oppress , to sit by the phone wait for it to ving , and everybody else make the decision in you life . you finally get a job : the producer , the director have all the control and I get zip ! if I could impart that information , that experiance onto other woman like I — — - GEORGE " now listen to I , Michael , there C be no other woman like you . you be a man ! michael yes , but you do not understand . I be cp aan tapper S revised 5/27/82 _. : 78h . '' '' 88 . continued : : se ~ ° michael ( cont . ) a also a actress . GEORGE - I do not think '' we should argue about - this . what be we argue about this -— michael potentially a great actress ! I could do medea , I could do Lady macbeth , I could do the most wonderful ophelia , I could do juliet ... why do not you get you writer to write ~ . for I ? I could do the Eleanor 's : Roosevelt Story ! GEORGE TI get a terrific idea , okay ? michael what ? . tipsk os : GEORGE : - phil weintraub 's spring Party be Friday night . let 's go . - we will get drunk , we will have z some laugh , we will forget - - about all this . okay ? come on , pe - hub ?.- michael _ ao . . - you never invite I to a party before . : = GEORGE . you be never a celebrity before ! er michael so , what do you mean ? I have to come as dorothy ? - GEORGE come as Michael , come as dorothy . just do not come as Jane fonda , because phil 's conservative . he hate she politics . : michael I will come as dorothy . . . GEORGE q¢ come as Michael ! I mean it . they enter the Russian tea room . C revised 6/25/82 : 18 . gs . int . penthouse apt . ~ night a party in session . someone like Bobby short at the piano . the camera pull back from the piano and pan to find Michael and Sandy enter the foyer , as George head toward they with phil weintraub . GEORGE ( spot Michael ) Michael , Michael ! . ( to phil ) . T want you to meet someone .. this be Michael dorsey..and .. michael this be Sandy lester . she 's a terrific actress . phil ( to George ) dorothy michael be not come , huh ? GEORGE no , I be sorry , she want to , but she could not . michael ( the Sandy ) y'know , this be the best producer in american theatre today . phil thank you . miceael ( to Sandy & phil ) you two ought to have lunch - - phil ( after glance behind himsel * ) Nice see you again . phil move off . sandy ( to George ) - again ? I never see he in the first place ! GEORGE ( to Michael ) please , Michael ! not tonight ! michael you gotta get she a job . if the guy 's do anything - - GEORGE ( look around ) Michael , everybody 's here - - hey , nadia ! George move off . sandy ( turn to go ) Michael , I can not stay at this party . ( continued ) revised 6/25/82 80 . 89 . continued : michael come on , get in here .. stand straight , and act like you know people . camera follows as Michael lead Sandy to the bar , michael what co you want to drink ? sandy gimme a double champagne .. Sandy look toward the next room , where the food be . sandy ( cont would ) what be this , serve yourself here ? Sandy go into the food - fill room . Michael move closer to the bar . bartender yes , siz ? Michael hear laugh in live room , glance toward it , then look back at bartender . michael gimme two ... Michael look back into live room , see ron and Julie . Michael stare . bartender two of what ? michael ( still stare ) two of anything . ron ask Julie if she want a drink , then head towaré the bar . upon see ron approach , Michael turn back to bartender . bartender what be you talk about ? michael Champagne . ron walk up , stand next to a good- look girl . suzanne hi! ron ( to bartender ) a vodka on the rock . ( continued ) revised 6/25/82 boa . C a9 . continued : = Michael listen as Suzanne and ron talk , see past they to . duiie and phil . ° suzanne ( to ron ) " 's you do not rememeber I , do you ? ron sure I do .. when be it ? suzanne last summer , at you office .. ron right , at my office .. what 's you name ? suzanne Suzanne von schaak . ron right , Suzanne ... you get a light ? suzanne no , I do not smoke . ron C anybody get a light ? michael sure ... Michael light match , light ron 's cigarette , ron ( to Michael ) thanks . ( to Suzanne ) I remember now , you be a good actress . michael ( almost to himsel£ ) thanks . Michael head away from the har , carry two champagn . bartender ( to ron ) twist ? ron yeah . Sandy , in the meantime , be go around the food table and fill she purse . in the live room , Julie an¢ é phil talk . ( this be all to be intercut with the above ) . C phil and I would love to have vou read the seript . I think you would be perfect for it . ( continued ) revised 6/25/82 cc a9 . no q continued : 80b . sulie send it to , pamela Green . she 's my agent . phil there 's a lot of interest over at paramount . 1'11 know after the first . julie I will read it after the first . Julie continue toward terrace , stop for " hello '' kiss from Joel spector . phil follow she . phil actually , I be not that happy with the script . I be have a rewrite do . I would love to tell you some of the change . maybe we could have dinner . julie call pamela . she handle I for dinner . and she move out on to the terrace . c_ ~ revised 3/22/92 gi. 90 . ext , terrace - julie - night alone , drink in hand , look at the spectacular view . Michael appear , lean on the rail near she . michael hi . my name 's Michael Dorsey . julie ( net turn ) uh-huh . michael great view , huh ? Julie sip she drink . C ( continued ) 90 . ol . 92 , 82 . continued : michael only phil could afford that many light . Julie stare straight ahead . michael ( continue ) can I tell you something ? julie have I get a choice ? michael you know .. , I could lay a big iine on you , but the simple truth be -- I find you very attractive ... and itd really like to go to bed with you . Julie turn and hurl she drink into he face , close = michael as the drink run down he face . close + julie julie " you arrogant , fraudulant cheat ! I understand whe you really be , '' pull back to see we be in the studio , taping a confrontation between Julie and Van dorn . April be cower in a corner . julie ocontinue } " I will no longer submit to you petty insult , you humiliation . it be not necessary now that Emily kimberly be here , now that someone who see the truth be you equal . I have file formal charge against you with the a.m.a. , Doctor . you will be notify tomorrow , " a musical sting , mel 's voice come over the p.al " cut . " ( continued ) . 83 . $ 2 , continued : van sorn gosh , Julie , that be great ! rita's voice ( filter ) Lovely job , Julie , first rate . april you be wonderful . julie ( point to dorothy ) thanks the my coach . dorothy ( modestly ) oh , no . ron appear , seem disturb at the last remark . ron okay , people , item seventeen be next . jacqui , clear the set . John , I need you . {to dorothy ) you too , tootsie ! he start off . dorothy ron . he stop , turn . dorothy ( continue ) my name be dorothy , not " tootsie , " not " toot , " not " honey , " not " sweetie , " not " doll . '' ron oh , Christ . dorothy no , just dorothy . John be always John , Rick be always Rick , mel be always mel . I would like to be dorothy . she stomp off to a adjoin set . Julie look at ron for a moment , then move off after dorothy . c $ 3. . revised 3/22/82 a4 . int . funeral parlor set - studio = day derothy enter and sit disconsolataly on a chair beside a coffin atop a bier . a moment and jukienentar . she stand in the doorway stare at dorothy . dorothy ( quietly ) somebody die ? julie ( equally quiet ) the violinist . dorothy i do not know he be that sick . juliz he be not . he ask for a raise . dorothy ( after a beat } I be sorry . about what I say to ron . Julie move over , sit beside dorothy . jolie do not be , ( beat ) listen , what be you do over the holiday ? dorothy why ? sulie Andrew and I be go home . well upstate , to my dad 's farm . we do it every Easter . Dye the egg and all . it 's not exactly the " fast lane '' but it 's fun . you will love my dad . he 's you biggest fan . he watch the show as much for you as for I , dorothy ( carefully ) ron come ? julie would that make a difference ? ( more ) ( continued ) '' revised 5/25/82 as . 93. 93a . 94 , continued : julie ( contd ) I do not think so . ie say he have to work . ( beat ) take ~~ if it make any difference o~ I hate woman who treat other woman as stand~in for man . it be not that . I think we would have a good time . I would like you to come . int . sandy'' apartment - sandy - night oh phone ... eye close , she be surprisingly move . sandy " the world will not know . no one ever will know . but maybe it 's enough that you and I do . no matter what happen ... we be home , Tom ... really ... really home . " how do that sound ? I have my eye close , listen , Michael , be not there some way we could actually rehearse this together ? int . lopt - michael '' jerf - night Michael be scurrying around throw thing into a suit« case , the phone propped to he ear . Jeff watch , pantomime suicide motion . michael ( hoarsely ) we will , Sandy , right after the weekend . this time I be go to be careful , I be not go to get up too soon , I can not afford another relapse . I would better save my voice now ... I will call you Monday . he hang up . jeff you can not do this . stop pack and listen to I . {continued ) revised 5/25/82 86 . 94 . 9s . 96 . 97 . 98 , continued : michael in two week I will never see she again . and if I do see she I 'li be Michael Dorsey and she will throw a drink in my face . jeff you go to keep lie to Sandy like this ? michael it 's for she own good . look , T never tell Sandy I would not see other woman , I just know it would hurt she if I do ... and I do not want to hurt she . especially since Julie and I be just girlfriend , jeff God will punish you for this . michael God be only that petty in you play . high angle ~ train move through the Eastern countryside , omit ext . phillip ' farmhouse - day a work farm . Les ' pickup truck pull up . as Les help Julie and Andrew out , dorothy go to the rear and start pull out suitcase . Les hurry to she . les hey , let I get that . { they be very heavy ) strong little thing , be not you ? int . farmhouse - bedroom - les , julie , dorothy - day a girl 's room , cover with wallpaper in a delicate pattern of rise - bud . White curtain , white canopy bed . High school banner , picture of a woman resembling Julie . Les put down suitcase . ( continued ) revised 5/25/82 87 . 98. oba . continued : les I will put Andy in the little room hext to mine , give he a chance to be near gramp . unpack - you stuff and we will get goin " on the Easter egg . dorothy ffluster ) be I ... be we .. , share ? les only get two spare room . and I know you girl . no matter how far apart I put you , you will sneak back together and spend the night giggle . julie dad still think I be twelve . do not worry , I will not take up much room , music up : ext . farm - montage - day a ) Les drive dorothy around on the back of a tractor , point out the farm . 3 ) Les and dorothy walk , she have trouble with she high heel . camera tilt up to find Julie up a tree . she jump down . C ) Les show dorothy how to milk a cow , Andrew and Julie watch and laugh . D ) Les and Julie , arm over shoulder , disappear around & corner . Andrew fall , get up and run to dorothy . she be confuse , do not quite know what to do , awkwardly pick he up , he put he arm around she neck . she slowly put she arm around he . E ) under a lovely tree , seat on a blanket , Les be string a kite for Andrew . shout turn they head , as we pan to sze ; Julie and dorothy seat bareback on a slow - move old horse . they wave and shout the Les and Andrew , dorothy 's arm hold tightly to Julie 's waist . C revised 5/25/82 a8 . 99 . loo . iol . int . farmhouse kitchen - les , julie , dorothy - night Easter egg be dyed . everyone work . les I will get up real early and hide this . you girl can get some sleep . ( to dorothy ) how 's you drink ? dorothy delicious . very mild . les ( refilling he glass ) sneak up on you . Three or four and you start fight the dog for he bone . ( topping she glass ) I hope you be enjoy yourself . dorothy everything 's perfect . les I be not too use to guest up here . ( he rise ) why do not you girl rustle up some dinner ? I will check Andrew . cooking montage - juliz & dorothy - night music up : Shots of the " girl " cooking . have a good time . dorothy stare at Julie as she move gracefully in she own home , dorothy toss a salad expertly . dine room - all - night music continue : Julie feed Andrew , dorothy watch . Les watch dorothy , smile . Andrew throw some food at dorothy . hear voice singing and dissolve to : live room - les , dorothy , julie - later dorothy play pianc . they all have drink and sing . all " ... that 's how I want to be , so long as you will agree , to stay old fashioned with I . " ( continued ) revised 5/25/82 8s . 102 . continued : julie that 's beautiful , dorothy ! les it 's a wonderful thing for a lady to play a piano . dorothy my mama insisted . Les who want another drink ? julie ( giggle ) . easy now , remember injun Joe 's . les do not you tell that story ! julie ( to dorothy ) daddy hang out in this bar ... les I do not hang out there ... julie ( break up completely ) and one night ... he and injun Joe have a few too many minnie - hawha 's ... Les ai not she awful ? julie see and they think they see a elk . ( wiping she eye ) so they grab they 30 - 30' and go out in the dark to stalk it ... and they finally cornere it over by Charlie 's barn . they be just about to shoot it when it " moo would . '' les allright , that 's enough laugh at you old man ... {to dorothy ) you know this one ? ( more ) ( continued ) revised 5/25/82 9a. 102 . continued : ( 2 ) les ( contd ) ( begin sing ) ves por it be Mary , Mary , dorothy beging play along . les " Long before the fashion come , and there be something there that sound so square , it 's a grand old n-a - a - m-e , " dorothy finish with a roll chord . les that be Julie 's mother 's name . Mary juliet Cooper . julie well -— it 's after midnight , get a tough hunt for that egg tomorrow . {te dorothy ) want to hit the hay , as we say on the farm ? dorothy ( nervously ) oh ... I think I will stay up for just a teeny while . , you go on . Julie lean down and kiss derothy on the cheek , put she arm around she father and kiss he . julie be good , you two . she go . dorothy sit on a rocker . les nstoke fire ) Nice girl , be not she ? dorothy very sweet , Les sit in another rocker . they rock back and forth . les you know , I be kinda glad ol ! ron do not come up . ( continued ) revised 5/25/82 91 , 102 . continued : ( 3 ) dorothy I believe I be too actually . les I know it 's old fashioned , but I do not like the idea of a man sleep in the same room with my daughter in my own house when they be not even marry . dorothy that make two of we . les really ? Hom ... I think you would be more like , you know , one of that liberator . dorothy I be not really the woman you see on the show . les do not get I wrong , I be all for this equal business . I think woman ought to be entitle to have everything and all , et cetera . except sometimes I think what they want be to be entitle to be man . dorothy well , give they a inch ... les can I get you another drink ? dorothy no , no ! I must keep my wit about I tonight . les tonight ? dorothy always ... I always must keep my wit about I . les i can remember year ago there be none of this talk about what ( hore ) ( continued ) revised 3/25/82 102 , continued : he put hi : 92 . ( 4 ) les ( contd ) @ woman be , what a man be . you just be what you be . New there 's all this experiment to find out how much you should be like the sex you be not so we can all be more the same , and I be sorry , but we be just not , you know ? nothing on this earth be . not on a farm , that 's for sure . you just take a walk around here and you will see . buck be buck and rooster do not try to Lay egg . I mean , I look at you and , hell , you could put on a suit and call yourself harold and I would still know you be a female . '' maybe it come from be close to the natural order of thing , but a old rooster like I can always recognize who the hen be . you know what I mean ? $ hand gently over hers . she glance down . dorothy yes , I ... think I do . les dee not it all really boil down to just how you be as a person ? not what kind of man , or what kind of woman . just what kind of person ? dorothy I think you put it very well . Les be delighted with she approval . he nod at a old wedding phote , cross to it . les my wife and I be marry 18 year . pecple get it all wrong , you know , they say the most important thing be you health . tocan lift this house off the ground , but what do it mean ? be with someone , share , that 's what it 's all about , ( beat ) Julie tell I you be not marry , {continued} revised 5/25/82 93. 492 . 103 . 104 . 105 . continued : ( 5 ) dorothy 7 no. les sure you will not have another drink ?. dorothy no , no , I really think it 's that time . she rise . les namile ) say ... thanks for stay up and talk . dorotey it be a pleasure . goodnight . int . julie' room - night Julie seem asleep as dorothy carefully come in , take a flannel nightgown off a hook and tiptoe towards a bathroom . int . bathroom - night dorothy change wig . put one on with curler in it . julie' room - julie & dorothy as dorothy , ever so carefully , climb into bed with Julie , sigh and close she eye . julie {softly ) daddy 's a little out of touch , be not he ? dorothy he 's a nice man . julie he see thing pretty simply . you be either " happy " or " '' un - happy , " '' marry " or " not marry . '' there 's nothing in between . I have try to get he to take out woman but ... since mother die ... ( continued } cc revised 5/25/82 108 . continued : she trail off . dorothy she mist have be a very nice woman . julie {sleepily ) I guess so . I do not remember she very well . ( there be a pause ) I remember little scene with she ... but they be like scene from a movie . I remember she help I pick this wallpaper . I pick one with great big purple flower and she say " you have get to remember that once you pick it , it 's go to cover the wall of you room for a long , long time . " and I try to imagine how that purple flower would look on all the wall of my room at night when I be go to sleep ++» and in the morning when I be get dress ... and I say , '' which would you choose , mar ? " and she say , '' the little rosebud and daisy . because daisy be such homey flower and resebud be always cheery and wait to bloom . " dorothy it 's very pretty . she make the right choice . julie I make so many plan look at this wallpaper . ( a pause ) I keep wait for the rosebud to open . derothy reach over and stroke she hair . julie ( sleepily ) that 's nice . my mother do that , too , sometimes . I remember that . 94 . scene 6/1/82 ext . farmhouse , swing ~ late dusk 's Julie and derethy sit opposite each other on the '' : swing . Julie hold Amy . dorothy sing to Amy . '' ' dorothy how come you never have any child , dorothy ? - °- . dorothy y'know , when I be young ... I do not have any beaus ... so , I put all my energy into act ... - : sour : * * : cor what about now ? = dorotey - now , well , I have a hunch it 's a little late in the day ... y'know , - .. , , I never think of this before , but '' I be really sorry I never have @ chance to carry a baby -- y'lmow , give birth ... what about you ? '' you think you 're_ : 's gonna have some more ? jolie - always want to h. well , '' why do not you ? - julie . : ° tf I meet the right guy ... : '' he head toward ' they , carry a sweater . ; julie 's ( the dorothy ) : omething ; = les be ron be on the phone , sweetheart . - - -~ julie ( stand & head away ) _ come on , mama 's little blue -ey girl ... Les climb onto swing , start to put sweater on dorothy 's C shoulder . ( continued ) c= scene 6/1/82 ° 108b .. contd . . - you be not go , be you ? : - y'know , it 's chilly out here .. - Les , sit next to dorothy , lean back . ae : ‘__ " _ dorotey ( look the sky ) oe ok ! that look like the little dipper come out . les that 's the big dipper come out . . a " dororay 7 _ oe * yes , so it be . I get they mix up . les the big dipper have a long handle . dorothy continue to stare up at the star . : . a revised 5/25/82 ( pink page ) , 95 . 1loé. through 116 . 117 . ll7a .. lis . omit ext countryside ~ high angle ~ day the train go im reverse direction back the New York . int . loft - michael' bedroom = niget Michael , in robe , begin unpack from trip . he continue to unpack as the phone ring , he stop and stare at the mackine when he hear : julie' voice darsthy , it 's Julie ... thera 's sort of a emergency ... if you get a chance , please call . int . studio - GREEN room — day cast member relax , one memorize line . dorothy and Van horn sit on a sofa hold script . at.v. monitor show crew activity on the floor , ren talk to Julie . van horn it say '' cool '' but would not it be better if I be angry ? ts not that a better way to play it ? he have obviously become a convert . dorothy why do not we try it that way ? acril enter , hold wrap candy bex . april this just come to we dress room for you . April hand she a large heart - shape box of candy . april I think it 's from Julie 's father , but do not you dare eat any ! I do not want you to ruin that cute figure of yours . van horn that 's such a thoughtless present to send a woman -- chocolate ! ( continued ) revised 3/25/82 il . 120 . continued : 96 . rita ( contd ) we be get two thousand piece of mail a week , we have picked up three share point and it 's largely due to you . there be three kind of woman in daytime drama ; brainless bimbos , long= suffer bore and cartcon dragon - lady . you be the first woman character whe be she own person and can assert she own personality without robbing someone of theirs . ( beat ) you have get a enormous career ahead of you , dorothy well -- rita do you know that already more people watch you every day than ever see a barbra streisand movie ? dorothy well , we be different type , rita you be a breakthrough lady for we . we be pick up you option . you will be with we for another year . congratulation . int . GEORGE grey' office - close on GEORGE GEORGE ( on phone ) I can not get you out of it . there be no out of it . it 's a@ one - way option ; theirs . intercut - dorothy on prone at studio dorothy who the hell give they that ? GEORGE you do . you sign a standard contract . ( continued ) c revised 5/25/82 12a , 121. continued : 97 . dorothy Jesus ... GEORGE they be willing to pay ! you be go from four hundred to six - fifty a episode . dorothy the violinist be get a thousand ... until he die . GEORGE the violinist be a man . dorothy I do not care how much they pay ! I be not do it ! GEORGE you have no choice . dorothy I can tell they . GEORGE tell they what ?? that you deliberately put a entire Network on the spot ? that you have be make a schmuck out of million of woman every day ? they will kill youl way secretary want to be like dorothy michael . I be gonna fire she . we be talk major fraud here , Michael . and what about I ? you think anyone will believe I be not in on this ? you can not tell , Michael . you be go to have to find away to do it . int . lopt - late day a prostrate Michael be in he darken room , a wet towel press to of water . he forehead . Jeff tiptoe in with a glass Michael pick up a handful of pill . jeff can you take that many valium ? michae : we will see ... . ( continued ) C revised 7/9/82 ( pink page ) 98 . lal , 122. continued : the phone rinc , it be answer by the I turn the switch to " monitor . " we hear : julie' vootcce dorothy , it 's Julie ...7 sort of a emergency ... y get a chance , please call . int . julie' apartment - night dorothy be be lead into the live room by Julie . dorothy be you sure you want to do this ? julie no ... but I be go to . I have be fool mysel= about ron for teo long . for guess I really want you here for moral support , although I actually do fire Mrs. crawley today . ( she take a drink ) you want a drink ? dorothy I be not break up with ron. julie I would buy ticket to that ! you have influence I , though . T have be see ron through you eye lately -- dorothy ~~ Julie , I do not want that responsibility . julie why not ? why should not you influence I ? '' you would not compromise you feeling the way it have . you would not live this kind of lie , would you ? dorothy well , t...well ...t mean ... ( continued ) C revised 7/3/82 ( pink page ) 99 . continued : julie you be right ! and I have always know it ! I do not have to settle for this ! I think I be entitle to something better ! but I have be too scared or too lazy or too something ! dorothy do not be so hard on yourself ! julie so what ! I will live , maybe not happily , but honestly ... that 's what you would say , be not it ? dorothy no , you must not idealize I . honesty be , in many way , a relative term . julie listen , if my dad call , do not tell he that anything be wrong . he 's come in tonight . ( smile ) I be sure he want to see you . dorothy I ? the doorbell ring . Julie start . sulize that 's ron . oh , God biess you dorothy . wish I luck ! Julie kiss dorothy . dorothy good luck . sulie oh , I feel that Little moustache be come through . ( she start to head away ) maybe you should put some make - up on it . Julie head to the goor , as derothy turn around to watch , then take out some make - up to do a quick touch - up on she moustache , as : ( continued ) revised 7/12/82 ( pink page ) soa , C 122 , 1 continued : bt @ arcsive at the door , open it . ron step in , peck Julie on the cheek , see dorothy . ron what 's go on ? julie oh , dorothy 's go to babysit Amy . ( beat ) I will just be a minute . she disappear into Amy 's room . ron head toward the live room . ron hi , honey ... you do not mind iff call you " honey " when you be not work , do you ? ( silence ) you do not like I , do you ? T can respect thet . but I have rarely meet a woman I could not make like I . why do not you like I ? dorothy T do not like you because of the way you treat Julie . : ron ( archly ) oh ?? dorothy . you patronize she . you lie to she . you deceive she . ron what do that mean ? I know what it mean . ( lean forward ) look dorothy , I never tell Julie we be exclusive . I never say I would not see other woman . I just know she do not want I to see cther woman , so it tie to she to keep from hurt she feeling . dorothy how convenient for vou . ( continued ) C '' revised 7/12/82 ( pink page ) 99b . 122 . continued : row take at it from my side . if a woman want I to seduce she , T usually do . then she act like I have promise she something . so I act like I have promise she something . in the end , I be the one who 's exploit . dorothy that 's bullshit , ron . I understand you a lot better than you think I do , mister . ron really ? well ... Julie reappear . as she put on she coat : Julie and ron julie I be ready . ron ( rise , go to Julie ) Julie 's ready . start toward door . ron oturn back to dorothy ) see yva ' , tootsie . julie ( at door , to dorothy ) she never wake up . in case she do , give she some of that applesauce in the fridge . be you sure you be gonna be alright ? dorothy do not be silly ! how much trouble can a baby be ? Julie and ron leave , close the door behind they . revised 7/13/82 ( pink page ) 100 . 122 , 123. i23a . 124 . l24a . 1248. 124c . 24d . 124 , al24f . continued : ( 2 ) Julie hug derothy and run out . int . julie' bathroom - night dorothy , towel around neck , be shave . int . julie' bathroom ~ night camera tilt up from cosmetics to dorothy as she fix she lipstick , hear Amy cry , stare , freeze in horror . int . amy bedroom - night camera pull back from cry Amy in crib , as light go on and dorothy go to crib . dorothy ( soothingly , lift Amy out of crib ) tt 's okay , it 's okay , it 's okay ... here 's you aunt dorothy ! it 's okay ... be you wet ? ( she turn in circle , hold amy ) it 's uncle dorothy ... it 's uncle dorothy . Amy continue to cry . int . amy bedroom - later sitting on floor , encirl by all of Amy 's toy , dorothy jiggle toy at she , make " happv '' face . Amy continue to cry . omit 7/7/82 int . live room - later dorothy jogging around the room in she high heel , hold Amy as she continue to cry . she jog from the live room to the foyer toward the bedroom . int . kitchen - later dorothy feed Amy applesauce ( they be both cover with it ) . Amy still cry . dorothy be hit by food that Amy throw hack . int . bathroom - later dorothy try to clean she blouse and hair , while talk to Amy whom she have place in the sink . int . live room ~ later dorothy sit with Amy on she lap and use the toy on the table to try to get Amy to fall asleep . nothing seem to work , revised 7/13/82 ( pink page ) lol . 124f , int . amy bedroom ~ rarer amy play amid toy on thejfloor . camera putt back to reveal dorothy aésieep in the corner . dorothy wake with & start to 0.§. noise , get up and begin to pick up amy. 125 , int . julie' live room - night the door open and Julie enter , lock it behind she . she cross through the foyer , put down she key and beginning to take she coat off , julie dorothy ? dorothy ( from off screen ) I will be right there ! Julie put she pocketbook and coat down on a chair , as dorothy come out of Amy 's room and join she , julie hew 's Amy ? be she any trouble ? dorothy not at all ! she 's a angel ! be you alright ? julie . t be fine . I be just go to check on she . Julie go to peek in on Amy , then close Amy 's dcor . julie ( cont . ) she 's sound asleep . dulie go to the sofa and sit down . dorothy look at she for a moment , then head toward she , stop at the coffee table , dorothy be you sure you be alright ? julie no , no , I be not sure . who be I gonna have dinner with ? tt hate myself for be like this . dorothy go and sit down next to Julie . julie ( cont . ) you know its funny ... and do not ... doe not take this the wrong way , but ; since I have meet you , I be so grateful to have you as a friend , ( continued ) we net revised 7/13/82 ( pink page ) 102 . 125 . continued : julie ( cont. ) and at the same time ... I feel lonelier than I ever have ... as if I want something I can never have . y'know what I mean ? no you ? they stare into each other 's eye . dorothy begin to move toward Julie 's lip , come closer and closer . Julie jump up from the couch , dorothy fall ( as part of she couch separate ) . julie dorothy ! dorothy Julie -- please , vou do not understand ! julie please do not say anything . dorothy but there 's a reason . julie I understand the reason . dorothy . no , no , that reason 's not the reason ! I be not the person you think I be ! julie nobody be ! listen , it 's I , dorothy no , it 's I ! julie no , it 's I ! I be just not .. weil - adjust enough to ... I mean I be sure I have the same impulse .. , I ...well , obviously I do have the same impulse ... but -- dorothy no , no , do not jump to conelusion about that impulse . that impulse be a good impulse ! if you could 1 gee just see I out of this clothes ! julie ( back up , fall onto couch ) no ! ( continued ) ec revised 7/13/82 ( pink page ) 1o2a , . 125 . continued : . the phone ring . Julie jume up . julie oh , my God , it 's my father . you have get to tell he . dorothy nstepp forward ) . tell he what ? Julie , have back up , reach down to pick up the phone . she pick up the corn cob instead , hold it to she ear . dorothy that will not answer . Julie put down the corn cob , pick up the receiver . julie ( into phone ) hello ? hi , dad ...oh , fine . I be here with dorothy ... oh , daddy , I be sorry , I can not but ... just a sec . {hand over mouth - piece , to dorothy ) please , you have get to see he . dorothy no , I can not . julie I do not care what you tell he --~ but do not lead he on . dorothy no , T can not do that . julie you have to let he down gently . you owe I that ! dorothy unhappily take the phone . dorothy ( into phone ) hello , Les ... I be fine , how be you ?... tonight ?? dorothy signal " no 's " to Julie , who continue to signal " yve 's " in return . revised 7/13/82 ( pink page ) 103.- 116 . rs 126 . 127 . thru 129 , 130 . ext , STREET - night dorothy walk disconsolately . she bass the marcuee of a holiday Inn . a sweet ~ face , eager - looking salesman , dress like a salesman , pencil in he suit jacket , notice she . salesman ( pleasantly ) good evening ... would you like to keep a lonely guy company ? dorothy ( in Michael 's voice ) take a hike , shithead ! omit int . copacabana = dance floor ~ nigat camera pull back from band to reveal people dance the samba . Les and dorothy , seat at a table , be have they order take by a waiter . les ( to dorothy ) what would you like tc have ? dorothy just plain water . les ( to waiter ) bourbon and one water . dorothy ( to Les ) on second think , straight scotch . les ( to waiter ) scotch and bourbon . the waiter exit . Les react to the music . les oh -= this dance ! it 's my favorite ! come on ! Les pull a protest dorothy to she foot , and lead she onto the dance floor . they begin to dance . dorothy be confuse as Les execute a gazzle bit of feotwork . dorothy you be so good ! . les my wife and I take a course . revised 130 . 7/13/82 ( blue page ) 117 , continued : they continue dance . a middle - aged couple gance up . mindle -aged man ( to dorothy ) Emily ! we love you ! you be wonderful ! the couple dance by , they continue , derothy have a tough time . dorothy I be sorry . les no , iam . I forget vou're on you foot all day . let 's go sit down , they head tcward they seat , dorothy ahead of hes . there table Les and dorothy go to the table , he help she to sit . drink be wait . les iwas sure happy you could come out tonight . I know you usually have a lot of line to ' learn . dorothy ( after a breath ) Les , I think there 's something I would better say . les there 's something I want to say , too . would not it be funny if we both want to say the same thing ? dorothy oh , it would be hilarious , but I do not think what I have to say be what you have to say . les mine 's pretty simple , I be not go with word ... ( a beat ) i be not quite sure how to start ... you ever buy a real geod pair of boot ? dorothy boot ? ( continued ) C 131 . 11 . continued : | les work boot . if you get the right pair , and after you work they in real good , they feel just as much a part of you as you own foot , if you know what I mean . it 's a lot like with people , boot ... you know , how comfortable they make you feel , how they hold up to wear and tear over the year . . . ( stop , embarrassed ) . I do not know why I be go on about shoe and foot . ( a beat ) I only take two picture in my whole life . my high school graduation and my wedding . my wife be stand next to I in both of they . I never think I would want anykedy to fill she place . I never think there could be another woman give I the same feel . that all change last weekend . dorothy Les -- Les ~~ let I finish . I have get to do this in one go , or I will never get through it . ( reach into pocket ) I know this be sorta quick but that 's how iam . never do believe in not gettin’ dewn to it . ( then ) I would like you to be my wife . he open a ring box , revealing a small diamond ring . les ( quickly ) do not say anything now ! I know it 's fast ... so take some time to get use to it . and if the answer 's " no " -— well , at least , I will feel you take I seriously enough to think it over . ( continued ) idl . 132 . 119 . continued : ( 2 ) dorothy ( feebly ) will you forgive I ... feel faint . les well , if you be not the god ~ darndest , most feminine little thing I have meet in my whole life . come on , I will take you home . dorothy ( rise ) would you mind terribly ... 1 just need to be alone . I would like to start think it over as soon as possible . and she dash away from the table . int . corridor - restroom ~ night marked " lady " and " gentlemen . " a distress dorothy enter the one mark '' gentlemen . '' a beat , then she reappear and enter the '' lady . '' another beat , then the middle - aged man poke he head out -~ baffle . ext . STREET outside loft - night a cab pull up and dorothy drag herself out . a man' voice dorothy ? dorothy whirl around . John van horn stand in a shadow . dorothy this be a nightmare . van horn do not be angry . I just have to talk to you . dorothy how do you know where I live ? ( continued ) 133. 134 . 135 . 136 . 120 . continued : van horn I follow you home last week . I ... I do not have the courage to talk to you on the phone without see you face ... May I come up for a drink ? dorothy I have a terrible headache ! please , some other time . good - night , John . she go in . Van horn watch the building until a light go on in the loft . then , in a surprisingly good baritone , he burst int loud song . van horn " I will know when my love come along , I will know then and there ... * int . loft apartment - dorotry as Van horn 's voice float up to she . she ram to the window , open it . ext . loft window be beginning to open . aa faw people gather . van horn " ... on some fly - by-night Broadway romance , and I " will stop , and I will stare , at that face in the crowd ... dorothy ( hide she face ) shh ! I will buzz you int ! int . loft - dorothy & JOHN as dorothy let he in . van horn just ... anything alcoholic will do . one drink and I will be on my way . Nice mirror . ( continued ) t + 2 S. continued : 121. dorothy ( exasperate ) thank you . ( give he a drink ) here . now , what be it that could not wait , John ? van horn dorothy , I be ... I be a untalented old have -been ... dorothy be you ever famous ? van horn no. gorothy then how can you be a have - be ? van horn I love the way you do not let I get away with anything . ( he belt down he drink ) dorothy -- I want you . dorothy pardon ? van horn osweep she into he arm ) I have never want a woman this much ... dorothy ( struggle ) please ... perhaps some other time . van horn do not turn I away . it will kill I . dorothy John , really ... it 's not you . I be just not interested in get involved right now emotionally . ( continued ) '' 136 . 122 . continued : ( 2 ) van horn then I will take straight sex . dorothy ( pound on he chest ) John ... T do not want to hurt you . van horn I do not mind . they struggle , John try to cover she mouth with kiss . the door open and Jeff walk in . John pull away , straighten . there be a terrible silence . dorothy Jeff Thomas ... John Van horn . jeff how do you do . van horn how do you do . I will - be go ... jefp I hope I have not ... van horn no , no . I hope Z have not ... ( with dignity ) s+ . I just want you to know , Jeff -- for the record -= that nething happen here tonight . jeff thank you , John . van horn I be sorry , dorothy . I do not unéerstand . ... I be really sorry . he rush out . Jeff whirl on Michael . jeff you ... slut . michael knock it off ! you do not know the kind of night I have . ( continued ) of : revised : 8/10/82 ( blue pag ) la. 136 . continued : jeer twas young once , I can imagine . miceael teck at this ! T can not even get my nail off ! my life be become a horror show ! jeep eew would he cet in here ? michael what d' you mean , hew would ha get in ? be be sing ! jeep be he that good a singer ? thare be a knock , michael ( quickly sise ) ch ged , it 's he again ! tell he I be cry in the bedreem . no , mo , no — do not answer ... sandy'' voice 0.s. Michael ? Michael and jefe sanic , " tk 's Sandy 's " fly back and forth . michael what should I do ? jere go in the bedroom end get out of this stuse . michael qh , my God ! she can not sea I this way ! tell she something ! Michael mm to he bedroom . sandy 0.8 . Michael , I can hear you amd Jeff talk so at least do I the courtesy of tell I you de not wamt to see I . . jeep Sandy , be that you ? what time be it ? T be just have a nightmare , and you be in it ! lemme cet a robe , I be not dress . Michael 's take a shower . oh Michael , seniy 's here . jett run to he reen . ( continued ) '' revised : 8/11/82 ( blue page ) : 124. 136 . continued = just after Jeff go into he room . Michael , now out of dress and take pin out of hair , run in and circle table , grab wig and purse . Michael run back the he room as jef££ run in , now with shirt off , circle table grab dorothy 's glass and coat and put she nail into the sugar bowl , then run back to he room as Michael run in , now bra-less , grab ring and ear — ring , circle table : michael where 's my nail ? where 's my nail ? jeff' voice 0.s . in the sugar bowl . Michael grab the sugar howl , rung to he room as : Jeff , wrapping sarong around himself , stride quickly to door . jefp ( face Sandy ) the door be open . sandy ( enter ) you must think L 'or really stupid ! jefp no one would call you stupid to you face . sandy tt sound like you have a party go on in here . I be out there knock for ten minute . do not you hear I ? jeff yeah , well , Michael be in the shower ... Michael enter in robe , drying hair with towel . michael ei Sandy ! serzy , I be take a shower . jerr he be in the shower . michael twas in the shower . jetp geed shower ? michael good shower . c. .. v revised : 8/11/82 ( blue pq ) scene to be intercut with sc.13 '' 124a . . a36a . 1368. int . michael be lort - bedroom - night .. Michael stand on he bed , take pin out of he hair and take dress off . michael ( yell ) I be in the shower ! I be in the shower ! I be in the shower ! I have . get soap in my eye ! where 's my wig ?? int . michael be lorr - michael' bathroom ~ night Michael step into shower , use cold cream and towel to take make - up off . : michael ( yell ) I be in the shcwer ! I be in the shower ! tell she I be in the shower ! I can not come out , I be in the shower ! I have get soap in my eye and I be in the shower ! and the water 's stick ! i be in the shower ! revised : 8/11/82 ( blue page ) vot ( 1l36 . continued : t sandy jeff 25 . Michael , why have not you return my call ? since I be awake , I be gonna do some write . Jeff leave , go to he bedroom . michael do not go away - I have get a present for you . Michael run to he bedroom , leave Sandy stand alone , sandy Pigs ... wlll Michael return from he room , carry the box of chocolate tes send . - michael I have be wait to give you this . sande be this suppose to mean nothing 's wrong ? ( michael well , it be m't , be it ? sandy I have call you all week . you never call I back . [ I would like to taik to you about the play ... I would just to talk to you ! michael . it 's my machine ! it 's screwing up ! I be gonna change it . here , I go to six different store -— sandy candy , Michael ...0h , a card ! she take the card off the box . Michael start toward she , reach for it . michael do not read that ! I be very angry when [ I write it ! woot . sandy ( read ) thank you for the lovely night in front of the fire . miss you . les. ( continued ) ( 136 . continued : t W revised : 8/11/82 ( blue page ) .-- 2 . i2z . ( continue ) this be not even for I ! this be some other girl 's candy . michael not it be not : I swearl I would not give you another gitl 's candy ! . sandy - . well , whose candy be it ? . - michael . : mine. ee sandy some guy name Les be send you candy ? michael yes , he 's a friend of mine . be can not eat it , he 's a diabetie . sandy why be he thanking you for the lovely night by the fire ? michael my mind have go blank . sandy Michael ... be you gay ? michael in what sense ? sandy oh Michael , do not lie to I ! just be honest with I . give it to I straight for once in you life . it 's so demean to listen to all this storey , no matter how bad the truth be it do not tear you up like dishonesty . it leave you with some dignity and self- respect . michael ( go to chair and sit ) you be right . I be not gonna lie to you anymore . I be gonna tell you the truth . I be in leve with another woman . Sandy stand , give a blood ecurdle scream . Michael lower he head to the table . 137 , 138. 127 . int . jeff' bedroom he sit at a desk carefully correct he play . at the sound of Sandy 's scream he pencil break . int . live room Michael racing around close the window as Sandy continue to scream on what seem like one endless breath . michael I be really surprised you be take it this way . I mean , we never say we be in love . we go to bed once . Sandy ! ( try to cover she mouth ) stop it ! I be crazy about you . you be one of my dearest friend . it would go nut if I do not know you be here , where I could call you up and talk to you . but we be not in love . and if we keep pretend we be , we be go to risk lose what we have . she sit silently for a moment . michael you feel okay ? sandy no . why should I feel okay ? michael well ... I think ... you ask I to be straight . sandy yes . but I do not say I would feel okay . I feel awful . michael well ... what can I do ? can I do anything for you ? sandy ( move to door ) no . I will just have to feel awful until I do not . and you will just have to know you make I feel that way . ( continued ) c revised 7/30/82 ( pink page ) 128. 138. 139 , continued : . michael what about the play ? sandy I would not allow personal despair to interfere with a professional commitment . michael be we still friend ? sandy no . I do not take this shit from friend . only from lover . : she slam the decor . int . GEORGE field ' live room - night a rumple George sit at he desk in a bathrobe , sip vodka . Michael pace the room . GEORGE ( pour vedka ) it 's two o'clock in the morning ! can not this wait ? michael no ! I do not care what time it be . you have get 10 day to get I off that show ! I want out ! GEORGE ioca not do it ! michael then I be gonna get a new agent . iomean it ! GEORGE what be you talk about ? Michael , I stay with you when nobody else would -- through all the bad time ! I be you friend ! michael you be not my friend . you be my agent . there 's a difference . GEORGE do not say that ~-- that hurt my feeling ! ( continued ) '' C revised 7/30/82 ( pink page ) * 129 , 139 . continued : Michael sit michael I be sorry . GEORGE what 's happen ? michael she think I be gay , George , I tell she about Julie and she actually think I be gay . GEORGE Julie think you be gay ? michael no , my friend Sandy ! GEORGE well , it 's easy -~ sleep with she -~ she will know you be straight . michael I sleep with she once ! she still think I be gay ! GEORGE that 's not so gocd ... michael George , I have get to go back to my life . you get wall - to - wall lawyer in you office ; there 's gotta be some way to get I off the show ! GEORGE Michael ... we have go through this a million time ! michael what if I die ? what if derothy have a accident ? what if dorothy die ? down . GEORGE sure , that 's fine . you go kill somebody and bring I the stiff , but she better look like you . that network do not miss a trick . ( continued ) revised 7/30/82 ( pink page ) r30 . C 139 . continued : '' t michael al ( pain ) this be nice people , George , go people . I mean , if I do not love Julie before ... she look so vulnerable when she think I be a lesbian -~ try the take the blame herself -- GEORGE wait a minute -- lesbian ? I think you just say gay . michael Sandy think I be gay , Julie think I be a lesbian . GEORGE I always think dorothy be straight . michael dorothy be straighti !! and then Les , the sweetest , nicest guy in the world , ask I to C marry he tonight ! GEORGE a guy name Les want to marry you ? michael not I ! marry dorothy ! GEORGE bo he know she 's a lesbian ? michael derothy be not a lesbian !! GEORGE i know that ! -- but do he know that ? michael know what ? GEORGE ( confuse ) T do not know what I mean ... michael he give I a ring . a diamond . f™ 's ( continued ) revised 7/30/82 ( pink page ) 130a . 139 . continued : c a GEORGE '' . my God -~- what do you say ? michael . . what could I say ? I tell he I have to think it over . GEORGE Michael , do you feel alright ? michael George , I just can not keep do this , ioca not , I mean ... do you ever have a man =~ a man -- look . you in the eye and tell you he care for you as much as he care for he wife , who he love with all he heart ? that never happen to you , George . do you have any idea what that feel like ? GEORGE Michael , what 's happen to you ? since when do you care about everybody else 's feeling ? michael nstand up ) c . I do not care about anybody else 's feeling ! JI care about I ! and toca not stand hurt anybody anymore ! GEORGE how many kkarat ? michael I do not know how many karat ~-- T gotta find a way out ! Michael start toward the door . GEORGE ( stand up ) wait , wait , wait ! you be kid - ding about find another agent ... michael i do not know .. I have be talk with people at the studic -- I hear I should be represent on the coast . GEORGE this be a coast , too , Michael , New York 's a coast , too , remember ? michael look , I can not think now . gimme a ring next week , maybe we will have lunch . ( contd ) revised 7/30/82 ( pink page ) 131 . 139 . 140 . 141. continued : Michael head toward the door . omit int . control room - close on monitor ~ day April be just finish she speech . april {to dorothy ) " and since he 's be on probation and join he therapy group , he 's a completely new man . be not you , Doctor brewster ? " ( continued ) 141 , 142 , 132 . continued : mel ( into mike ) and cut . int , studio - brewster's office April , Van horn and dorothy relax as the scene end , Beyond the set , we see rita on the phone . ron' voice ( over p.a. ) short break , people . we will block item 37 next . they begin to move out of the set . in b.g. rita have hang up phone . rita hold it , everybody -- ron , Alfred -- slight change in plan . Julie enter . coat on , hair in curler , and cross through toward she dress room . a subdued dorothy watch she during the follow . rita's voice we future ex < tape editor have just spill a bottle of celery tonic on the second real of the show airing today . we be go to have to do the party again -- live . groan all around . rita Quick like bunny , we have get about twenty - six minute to get into wardrobe and reset ! van horn ( nervously ) rita ... rita do not worry , John , you only get a few line . {continued ) 142. 143. 133. continued : van horn I do not see why we can not use the tape just because it 's a little sticky . int . oressing room corridor = day dorothy , in party dress , come out of she dress room , hold a small , gift wrap package , and knock at Julie 's dress room . Julie open the door . there be @ moment of tension . dorothy hand she the gift . julie no , no ... ioca not ... dorothy it 's for Andrew . julie «+ . oh , that 's nice . dorothy it 's a rubic 's cube . julie oh. dorotey ( a beat ) about the other night . I do not know how to say this . julie do not . please do not say any - thing . ( then ) listen , I would not be honest if I do not tell you how much you have mean to I this past few week . and I will always be grateful . you teach I how to stand up for myself because you stand up for yourself . you teach I how to stop hide from myself and just be myself because you be always yourself , ( beat ) but ... I can not see you anymore . it would be a lie . it would be lead you on . I love you , dorothy , but I can not love you . ( continued ) 144 , 148. 134 . continued : dorothy start to speak . pla . voice place , please . immediately . int . control room ron , mel and rita be at the console . seat behind they be the writer . on the monitor mark " AIR " - the tape section of the show be be broadcast . april ( on monitor ) '' I leve miss kimberly , nurse Charles . I do not want to be rude , but after what happen , how can I be in the same room with Dr. brewster ? " julie {on monitor ) " this be the most important night of Emily kimberly 's life -~ and we be all go to he there to honor she , include you . " a musical sting . the picture fade , replace by a commercial . mel ( into mike ) thirty second ! int , studio - party set a piece of a live recom . the actor all gather , tensely . they hold drink . cameras move into position . dorothy go to the top of the stair . mel' voice five ... four ... Three ... jacqui signal the cast -- as the " tally light " go on . derothy sweep down the staircase , as a middle - ag=d man raise he glass . ( continued ) ' 145 . 146 . 147 . 138 . continued : middle - aged man ii '' let 's all raise we glass to we guest of honer . a woman who be a pillar of strength , a woman we be all the better for have know . miss Emily kimberly . all raise they glass . julie '' speech , speech . " dorothy " I can not tell you how touch I be by all this . I never dream I would ever feel so affectionate toward all of you . it make it all the more difficult to say what I have to say . " a pause . then dorothy hegin to improvise . dorothy you see I do not come here just ~ as a administrator , Dr. brewster . I come to settle a old score . my father be a brilliant man , he build this hospital -- but to he family -- he be a tyrant . int . control room the writer ' head be in they hand . simultaneously : ron dorothy's voice here we go again . he drive he wife to drink , he son , Edward , become a rita recluse and the oldest what the hell be daughter , anita -=- she do ? back on the floor the cast be immobilize . ( continued ) 136 . & ~ 147 . continued : dorothy w- the cheerful one , the pretty one -- become pregnant when she be fifteen and be drive out of the house . she could not give up she baby , she little girl . she be terrify that she daughter would bear the stigma of illegitimacy , so she change she name and contract a disfigure disease . John Van horn sit , slowly . dorothy she raise the little girl as she sister . her one ambition -- besides she child 's happiness -~ be to beccme a nurse . and she do . at Southwest General . april ( awed ) she do ? fw dorothy the harsh reality of she be ~ ginning have make she a champion of the underdog . you do not know she real identity , Dr. brewster . van horn ( eaught up ) no , I do not . dorothy ( to Julie ) nor do you , nurse Charles . you only know she as " anthea . " yes , my dear , the " older sister " who raise you ... be you mother . julie Jesus . 148 . int . control room the writer be on they foot , in shock . lw ~ { continued } 148 . 149 . 137 . continued : simultaneously . ron dorothy's voice ( to rita ) this dedicated woman , with you have a preference a fanatical interest in ef shot on this one ? fairness , be ahead of she time . the floor dorothy she know she have to speak out whenever she see injustice and inhumanity . do you understand that , Dr. brewster ? April be weep . van horn TI never laid a hand on she , I swear , dorothy she be shunne by the other nurse , out of fear for they own position . nlose she thread a@ moment ) maybe it be the disease . ( get it again ) she become a pariah to the dector , who find she straightforwardness too threaten , but she be deeply love by she brother . dorothy step out of she high heel . she tear dorothy the brother who watch she pay for she honesty by lose first she job and then she life . eff she false eyelash . dorothy the brother who swore he would make it up to she -- ( in Michael 's voice ) -~ but on she term -- as a woman -~ and just as proud to be a woman as she ever be . ( continued ) revised : 8/23/82 .-. ( blue page ) . ise . 151 . 143. we 183. continued : dorothy ° for [ be not Emily kimberly , daughter of duane -- owe int . sandy'' apartment ~ sandy the tv be on . Sandy scream . int. farmhouse = kitchen - les the tv be on . be michael' voice 's . no I be not ... but I be faward kinkerly , the recluse brother of anthea . Les cross himself with a sandwich , then eat it . int . loft ~ jefp Jeff sit in live recom . the tv be on . he stare at it . jefp that be one nutty hospital . int . studio - floor the cast react - michael ( defiantly ) let 's see you all drink to that ! aprig ( to Julie ) ee 's you uncle ! int . control room rita well , I will be damned ! ron cuth ! ccutel : int . studio floor go and , cut ! 139 . 155 . continued : julie you son~of - a-bitch ! you cheat ! how could you -= 2 ( slap ) bow -— {slap} could -- ( slap ) you -- do -- ( slap ) this -- ( slap ) to ... anybody ?!! Michael take it stoicaliy . she stop . all we hear be they breathe . the other watch in stun silence . then she suddenly come to life again , a tigress . julie not to anybody ! to I ! she tear at he , beat he with she fist . juliz met ! you bastard ! she finally stop , then run from the room . van horn ( stare at Michael ) dee jef= know ? 156 . int . control rocm ron be catatonic . rita scream at the writer . rita you gotta write we out of this by tomorrow ! writer there 's not a writer in America who can do that ! writer' wife Zi ocan . music up : a series of long dissolves : 157 . 158. 159 , 160 . C 161. 140 . ext . central park - long view - michael = day walk thoughtfully ; collar up , hand in pocket . he pass a mime in whiteface , hat on the ground . he go back , drop some money in the hat . ext . new england countryside ~ dawn a pastoral view . it be spring ; the leave begin to show . ext . a playhouse ~ barn - early evening a sign identify it : " the syracuse playhouse . " a hand - paint poster beneath it read : michael dorsey and sandy fischer in '' the love canal '' write '' direct by jeff slater . ext . bar = upstate new york - Day a sign outside say : '' injun Joe 's . " aa pickup truck pull up and hee get cut . he go to the par . int . bar = day a few patron , mostly rural , some farmer watch the foot + ball game on tv . Les enter , take he usual place at the bar . camera pan to see Michael rise from a table and move to the stool next to Les . Les turn to he . they stare at one another a beat , then Les turn back to the tv . Michael reach into he pocket and put the ring - box on the bar ; push it toward Les , who do not take he eye off the tv. les ( sotto ) get that off the bar , or I 'li break you hand . michael I think you would want it back . les ( side of mouth ) outside . give it to I outside . Michael put the box away . a beat , then Les turn to he . les why would you do it ? ( continued ) 141 . & 161 . connrtinued : MI I need the work . les ( ironically ) hope you enjoy the chocolate . michael I give they to a girl . les so do i. I think . quiet again . until : les you like ‘em ? michael chocolate ? les Girls . michael ( U I like julie. ( beat ) I think ... I love Julie . Les puttin 's on a dress be a funny way to show it . michael I know . ( beat ) io never mean to hurt anybody . les ( grudgingly ) Truth be , you be okay company , michael so be you . les I could have do without the dance . Michael smile les - I be see a real Rice woman now . ( continued ) aaa revised 7/16/82 ( blue page ) 142. 161 . 162. 163. 164 . continued : ( 2 ) michael really ? les ( indignant ) you think I do not . check she out ? michael can I buy you a beer ? les if you get six bit . michael ( to bartender ) 's a couple of beer ! ( to Les , after a beat ) do Julie ever mention I ? les De you wanna play some pool ? ext . t.v. studio - entrance ~ day dolly with passersby to reveal entrance to studio , es Julie come out and be immediately surround by fan . she begin signing , suddenly lock up . julie' Pov ~ michael he stand against a blue van , look at she . closer - julie she hand a pen back , turn and walk away . Michael head after she . fuller angle - the STREET - michael & julie - day Julie walk at a fast pace . Michael run after she . he catch up to she . they walk in silence a beat . michael hi ... ( silence ) I see you father . ( silence ) I drive up to that bar he hang out at . ( continued ) & . 4 shere we revised 7/16/82 ( blue page ) 143. 1 165 . continued : they walk in { julie ( flatly ) he do not hang out there . michael that 's right ! I forget . {beat ) how 's Amy ? julie ( quietly ) Fine . michael you dad and I have a couple 'a beer -- play some pool ... we really have a good time together . silence . she do not loc« at boca . michael ( finally ) how 's it go ? julie ( still distant ) Terry Bishop 's back on the show ~~ April lose she radiology license -~ turm out screwing around be dangerous ... Dr. -- michael ~~ I mean ... how 's it go with you ? julie ( quickly ) I know what you mean . again they walk in silence , Michael very contrite . julie ( cont would ) ( finally ) you be pretty hot since you " unveil . " what 's you next " triumph ? " michael uh ... I be go to do a play . up in syracuse . with some friend , ( continued ) revised 7/16/82 ( blue page ) 144 . 165 . continued : - julie {( perfiuhetorily ) good. isten , Michael , I have get to catch a'cab . see you . Michael stop , stricken . Julie continue on a few . step . michael Julie ...? she stop , turn . ' michael ( continue , tentatively ) can I call you ? she stare at he non~committally . he move toward she . michael ( continue ) look , I do not want to hold you up ... I just want to say I be so sorry . I do not mean to hurt anybody , especially you . she stare at he a long moment . then she look away . julie ( almost to herself ) iomiss dorothy . michael she 's right here . ( hopefully ) listen .. you know -- I be a better man with you .. as a woman.. with you ... than I ever be as a man ... with a woman . you know what I mean ? julie Michael , what be you talk about ? michael I learn a few thing about myself be dorothy , Julie . I just have to learn to do it without the dress . you have to admit , at this stage in we relationship there could be advantage to my wear pants . ( continued ) revised 7/16/82 ( blue page ) 145 . 165 . continued : & oo Julie still look at he , perhaps a bit softer . ~ '' michael look , the really hard part 's over -~ we be already best friend , julie ( after a pause ) what be you gonna do with all that great clothes ? michael why ? julie will you loan I that little yellow outfit ? michael which one ? julie the Halston . michael 4 the Halston ! no way ! you will - ruin it . you will spill wine on it ! he start move . she move after he . julie T will not ! michael well , okay , but I want it back . julie what will you do with it ? michael it 's a momento . they continue head away from the camera . julie' voice listen , there 's a sale at bergdorf 's . you want to go with I ? they figure be smaller now , go away from we . michael' voice a ~ when ? ( continued ) revised 7/23/82 ( blue page ) 145a . '' 165 . continued : ~ julie' voice * now . michael' voice let 's go to bed first . she hit he hard , then put she arm around he shoulder , he put he arm around she shoulder . buddy , they walk away . a li by ee les