< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> top gun - by chip proser top gun by chip proser revised April 4 , 1985 registered , wgaw . note : aerial dialogue in cap be uhf radio ; plane to plane , plane to carrier . aerial dialogue in small case be ics ; a inter-cockpit system ; a live mike , hear by pilot and rio only . tg1 revised 04apr85 . 1 . ext . night . - the pacific be anything but wind howl . rain drive horizontal . the sea surge up , nearly to the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Kitty Hawk . the carrier plunge , drive its bow into a wall of grey water . the deck pitch forward and back , roll leave to right , and yaw in a corkscrew motion . the entire 93,000 ton behemoth rise and fall in the typhoon - driven swell . 2 . something drop down out of the night a roar . Silver wing flash by , a cockpit , fiery jet exhaust . a forty ton monster drop at 120 knot into a area the size of a tennis court in a controlled crash . 2a . a shower of SPARKS , a screech of rubber and metal as the gear hit the deck . the hook catch the 3 wire and the f-14 tomcat be slam to a halt . it 's the scariest thing you have ever see , the most dangerous maneuver in aviation and just another day at the office for a Naval aviator . title over hard drive rock and roll - the car - ride I high 3 . flight deck - the landing signal officer - ( lso ) leans almost horizontal into the wind . he hold the pickle , control the landing light and speak into a mike . his calm , professional command belie the extreme condition . lso power , power ... don't climb ... okay , hold what you got . 4 . another tomcat fly over the ramp it slam in . the pilot hit full power , catch the wire , slam to a stop , cut he engine . 5 . omitted 6 . AIR ops - below deck lot of scope and electronic gear . the carrier control approach officer ( cca ) watch a blip on radar , reach for he mike key . 7 . ext . the twilight's last gleaming - ( aerial ) we float like god , above the storm , above the cloud cover , look down . from overhead , a probe slide into frame , then a graceful nose . the cockpit side by , Pilot , then radar intercept Officer ( rio ) barely illuminate by the orange glow of they instrument . the fuselage gracefully swell to two enormous air intake , then variable angle wing , sweep back for high speed flight . twin tailboom cant outward , horizontal stabilizer make constant adjustment . enormous twin jet exhaust port glow red in the moonlight . 8 . int . cockpit - ( aerial ) we become aware of wind whistle , jet engine sound , radio static . the pilot , cougar , be calm , steady . the radar intercept Officer in the backseat , goose , be a wildman , always a edge of humor in he voice . a uhf transmission break in .. strike ( v.o. filter ) ghost rider , this be strike ... we have unknown contact inbound , mustang . you vector zero nine zero for bogey . almost immediately the rio pick up a target and respond . goose contact 20 left at 25 , 900 knot closure . 8a . angle - second F - 14 - 115 - cougar' wingman come in on the cockpit with stencile name and call sign : lo. evan mitchell be the pilot , maverick . in flight suit and oxygen mask , we can only see he eye . they be confident . in he mid-twenty , he be lean , hard , athletic ... the archetype fighter pilot . his rear-seater be ltjg . walter merlin ; wizard . maverick i'll i.d. he , you hook ' em . maverick peel off to right , to high cover position ; 5 o'clock . 9 . int . ghost rider 117 - cougar' Pov head up display ( hud ) glow dimly on the windscreen . directly in front of the stick , two crt screen display data . the bottom screen show a radar sweep . wedge between the instrument be a snapshot of a pretty young woman with a 2 month - old baby . goose close fast . mustang , this be ghost rider one one seven . contact one bogey , 090 at 15 mile , 900 knot of closure . cougar look for the trailer . goose I do not see anything . maverick , you have a trailer ? 10 . maverick be F - 14 Flying in combat spread , 1 mile abeam , higher . goose negative , cougar . look like he be single . 11 . int . 117 - cougar' cockpit cougar hang back and watch for he . here come ... mig one . 12 . ext . sky close at 900 knot , the mig be a speck , then a flash and a roar , a knife - edge pass at 300 foot . it rocket past he leave wing tip and disappear . cougar kick rudder , whip the stick , scream into a tight turn roll and dive after he . he slam the throttle forward to zone 5 afterburner . 13 . ext . - maverick be F - 14 maverick see a second mig drop from above onto cougar 's tail . maverick bogey on you six . i'm on he . maverick swing after he , light it . 13a . all four jets scream down in a power dive . they punch through cloud cover into the soup . 14 . ext . cougar be F - 14 he be close on the first mig when a shocking blipblipblipblip tone break into they headsets . goose I have get a six strobe . I think he 's lock on we . cougar it 's a mig 21 . they do not have radar missile ! goose let 's hope you be right ! cougar what be he do ? goose he 's pissing I off ! cougar swing mad gyration , cut back and forth across the front mig 's tailpipe , try to break the lock - on . the tone grow more insistant . cougar can not shake he . maverick ( v.o . ) what' mig one do ? cougar maintain course . straight for mustang . goose stay with he . the tone grow steady , blipblipblipblip . goose ( alarmed ) that 's missile lock ! cougar he better be kid ! goose lordy ! eyeball to asshole . hope nobody burp ! 14a . int . maverick be F - 14 maverick i'll lock on they , cougar . ( to himself ) gotcha cover , do not nobody move . cougar i'm up here too , maverick . maverick roger , cougar . ( to himself and he rio ) okay boy , pull out with you hand up and nobody will get hurt . 14b . int . cougar be F - 14 up front , cougar check he gunsight ... he get i.r. lock ... cougar we be lock on mig one . why do not he disengage ? goose this guy be get on my nerve . 14c . finally , mig one turn away . goose ghost rider to mustang . bandit turning away . but cougar press forward , and mig two stay on he tail . maverick cougar , break left . try a high G roll underneath . break out the bottom . anger give way to discipline . cougar 's tomcat break leave , dive into dense cloud . mig two still follow . maverick he's still on you , cougar . 15 . ext . cougar - in the cloud still hear the tone , blipblipblip ... cougar I know . I know . he roll over into wild evasive maneuver , finally break lock . 16 . int . mig break out of cloud , look around , startle . there be nothing , no F - 14 . he scan the sky frantically , while roll the aircraft . ... suddenly , he feel a presence . he look straight up and behind he . a few foot away , a tomcat slide into position canopy to canopy , a incredible feat of fly . maverick and wizard stare at he . maverick slide even closer , canopy nearly touch . the mig pilot acknowledge they with a weak wave . maverick stare for a moment , then flip he the bird . the mig push negative G , hard down and away . he head for the deck . wizard he 's run for it . maverick ah , the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat . wizard speak of foot , fuel 's down to 4.0 . we be gonna get they wet unless we find a sonoco station . maverick cougar , this be maverick . i'm getting hungry , let' head for the barn . ... cougar , where be you ? 17 . ext . kitty hawk flight deck - the lso stands the on plunging deck , peer into the roaring night . cca ( filter ) ghost rider one -one -five , this be mustang . wx three hundre . one mile visibility with heavy rain . final inbound bear three - four - zero . deck be moving . 18 . int . cockpit 117 - cougar cougar this be crazy . how the hell we suppose to land on something we can not even see ! goose hey , if it be easy , everybody would want to come up here and do it ..... instead of just we . cougar ( correct he ) you . mustang ( v.o. filter ) mustang to ghost rider 115 ... 110 spin , 42 lock . at 5 mile read you needle . 19 . int . cockpit 115 - maverick maverick needle read down and left . cca ( v.o. filter ) concur , fly you needle . maverick needle CENTER . cca ( v.o. filter ) roger . call the ball . maverick call the ball ? I do not see the ship ! 20 . int . cockpit 117 - cougar' Pov blast slam the airframe . rain tattoo the canopy . a gust roll the tomcat , he straighten it , a gust flip it again . 20a . maverick Pov the carrier light appear and disappear through the storm . 21 . int . cockpit 117 - cougar goose ( to himself ) a walk in the park , mustang . you with I , cat man ?... cougar ... you with I ? Goose be throw about as the wing dip , straighten , dip . cougar help I with this one , I be really screw up . goose bring it leave . bring it leave , you be high . cougar this be crazy ! goose what be ? cougar wait ! Hell !.. something 's wrong ! goose what ? what be it ? cougar be upside down ! goose you be crazy . we be level . cougar can not you feel it ? I be hang in my strap ! goose you be not . we be level . look at the instrument , we be okay ! cougar they must be break . I be hang in my strap ! we be invert ! goose we be not ! trust I ! we be okay . 22 . flight deck - lso controlling 115 - maverick lso a little power ... fly the ball . looking good ... hold what you got . 23 . maverick be F - 14 - on final approach . 24 . int . cockpit - maverick he hear cougar 's chatter over the air . cougar ( v.o. filter ) we're upside down ! we can't land ! goose ( v.o. filter ) well , we can't stay up here either . 25 . flight deck maverick 's plane settles in over the ramp , suddenly , blast from it's afterburner ... it roar over the deck without touch and off into the night . the lso be shocked into comment . lso where the hell you go ? 26 . maverick cockpit - ( aerial ) maverick I ... forget something . wizard what the hell you do ? maverick helping he in . wizard what make you think we can get back in ? we do not have the fuel for this . maverick just get I to he . wizard he 's nine o'clock high . we be two thousand pound low ! 27 . dark turbulent cloud maverick 's plane pull up behind cougar 's . cougar 's plane suddenly flip over , fly invert . cougar I be pull up . goose no ! now we be invert ! maverick pull up off the wing of the invert aircraft . his voice be calmness itself . maverick hey , any of you guy see a aircraft carrier around here ? cougar look over , surprised . cougar what be you do here ? maverick everybody's got to be somewhere . .. now we're right with you . you be inverted . roll it , cougar . nothing happen . maverick cougar , this be maverick . half roll it . now ! cougar 's plane complete the roll , be now upright . goose we be on vapor , cougar , you get to put it down . cougar it 's crazy , man . Instruments be crazy . we be gonna have to eject . goose tell he , will you tell he ? our instrument be okay . maverick you're straight and level , cougar . cougar i'm hanging in my strap . I turn it over and i'm still hanging in my strap . what the hell be go on up here ? maverick you 're not in the strap . it be vertigo , that's all it be . stay on my wing . i'll drop you off . maverick pull up wing tip to wing tip , inch apart . cougar maverick . maverick yeah , cougar ? cougar you better not be ragging I ... if you're flying upside down ... maverick no joke , cougar . on the level . even I wouldn't do that to you . cougar i'm upside down . I know it . i'm gonna eject . goose look at the weather ! they will never find we ! we be near out of fuel . put it down . maverick cougar , you 're on the ball . cougar okay ... okay . but if I land this thing upside down . and I live . i'll have you butt ! goose you will have mine , cougar . it will be where you head use to be . 28 . ext . flight deck all eye be on what they can see of the approach of the two plane . maverick drop he off at the pattern and circle . the lso watch the approach . the tomcat drop a wing , straighten , drop the wing , straighten ... the approach of a pilot experience vertigo as cougar try to satisfy he inner ear . lso level ... you wing ... easy ... you're settling .... fly the ball . a wind shear just off the ramp drive the plane suddenly down . lso power ... power !.. power !... wave off ! wave off wave off ! afterburner blast , but the tomcat horrifyingly settles tail - low toward the deck . the deck crew watch in terror as the plane wallow in toward they . the lso' turn , take a few step and throw themselves off the flight deck . they sail into the night toward the surging seas a hundred foot below , then be catch in safety net hang off the side . 28a . the plane settles , settles , stand on it 's engine , try to arrest it 's downward momentum . the hook raise spark as it skid across the deck ... the plane stop fall and hang for a moment , about to blast back up , when the hook catch the last wire .. the wire snag it , pluck 45,000 pound of fuel , metal and man out of the air and slamm it all to the deck . whammmm ! right wheel fly up the deck and over the side ... the gear collapse . the plane screech sideways . the crew watch helplessly as it skid slam into it and come to rest in cloud of fuel vapor and steam . the lso run up , shouting into the mike . lso cougar , goose ... come in cougar ! shut you engine down , you 've arrive . AIR boss ghost rider ! acknowledge ! ghost rider ! acknowledge ! crash crew leap into action . the fire crew be there . the man in the Silver suit jump up on the wing and crawl to the cockpit . the figure inside be not move . he hit the canopy release . the canopy pop open . Silver suit grab at the rear seat harness release . he scream through he suit 's aluminize cloth ... silver suit Goose , can you hear I ? Goose ! nothing for a moment . he 's dead ! then the rio' helmet move ... his head turn . he tear the mask away from he face , look up at Silver suit . his head clear . goose oh , hello ... valet parking ? Silver suit be stunne for a moment . he straighten up , he head incline quizzically . then it hit he . silver suit Son of a bitch ! goose you will put it up front , with the porsch ? he grab he under the armpit , drag he out of the plane . goose hey ...easy ... take it easy ... I be a veteran ! Goose grab a pass crewman by the arm . goose can you check under the hood . I think I hear a funny noise . other crewmember help cougar out . he seem stunne , but Goose react to he fear with frantic one - liner . he grab a crew member 's radio , as Silver suit help he away and look to the figure of the Admiral and the Air boss far up on the bridge ... he wave to they , do he best impression ... desi arnaz . goose Lucy ... ricky ... I and Home ! 28b . bridge flight deck a moment of disbelief ... then hysterical , tension relieving laughter . 28c . flight deck Goose spot cougar be help out . he pull away , reach back into the cockpit and grab cougar 's snapshot of wife and kid . they lead Goose away as firemen blast the aircraft with foam . goose be it extra for the hot wax ? 28d . bridge - flight deck - AIR boss AIR boss clear the flight deck . 29 . flight deck a tillie , a four wheel mobile crane , slam up to the plane and sling its lift harness . Goose turn to Silver suit . goose well ... there go you tip . 30 . int . maverick plane they have monitor the chatter . wizard it 's Goose . he 's alright . bring it leave ... you be settling . be the deck clear ? lso ( v.o. filter ) ( softly ) roger , ball , little power ... don 't climb ... okay , hold what you got ! wizard do a quick sign of the cross , reach down , grab he ball ...as ... 30a . flight deck the tomcat slam onto the deck , clear the wreckage by inch . 31 . int . carrier hatchway - flight surgeon , other watch as they bring a shake cougar past . Goose , eye wild , wave at maverick and wizard , roll up . they flame out - vvooommmmm ! they sit there , immobile , wait for a tow , look numb . Goose do he " stewardess " . goose on behalf of you Captain and you crew , I want to thank you for fly vf101 . and next time you plan include the middle of the goddamn ocean in the dead of frigging night , I hope you will think of Naval Aviation . the surgeon look into Goose 's eye . surgeon stress reaction ... xo check he head . goose ( wobble off ) never mind my head , check my short ! 32 . sick BAY - later cougar lie alone in the dimness , stare at the overhead . 33 . 03 level - below deck - officer's country the usual clang , whistle , engine of navy life sound forlorn echoing through the dim , desert passage . from the distance , a single figure pass in and out of the glow of the overhead light . cougar come closer , hobbling unsteadily . he reach a door , pull himself erect and knock on the sign : Commander Tom otawoczek CO vf 101 stinger 34 . stinger' cabin the skipper work at he desk , respond without look up . stinger come in . he look up . cougar stand in the doorway , a strange , daze look on he face . stinger cougar , what be it ? you should be in sick bay . what be you do ? he walk over to the skipper 's desk . his eye be glaze , but he jaw be firm . cougar think of my wife and kid . a determine movement . Hand to chest . 34a . omitted something metal hit it , skid across the polished surface and clang up against the coffee mug : gold wing . 35 . passageway cougar come out of stinger 's room , bump into Goose , and maverick . he turn the other way . goose cougar ! he stop , turn to they . there be nothing to say . Goose hand he he snapshot . cougar look at he wife and kid for a moment , then look up at they . he turn away . maverick cougar ? stinger ( o.s. ) maverick , Goose ... come in here . 36 . stinger' office - doorway maverick appear , follow by Goose . they stand at attention . maverick Sir ? the skipper say nothing . maverick see the wing on the desk . he enter , walk over , stare down at they . he pick they up . goose do not worry . I will talk to he . stinger do not . maverick he 's a good pilot . stinger I talk a man back once . Three month later , we lose he . it 's he decision . only he know . goose he 's the best you have . he 's go top gun ! stinger be . maverick what ? stinger be go . ( turn to maverick . ) now you be . maverick I ? maverick stare at the wing , lose in conflict emotion . stinger well , he 's go ( indicate Goose ) and he need someone to fly the plane . goose skipper , you can not do this ! stinger I do not do it , he do it himself . something about a wife and kid . the fact be , he 's lose it . he know it . I know it . you be up there , you know it , too . goose give he a break , skipper . it be raining snake up there . he will be alright , soon as all the gorilla go home ... the skipper stare at Goose , non - pluss for a moment . stinger I know some rios be a little wiggy ... but you abuse the priviledge ! I do not believe I be go to have to put the two of you in the same cockpit ... but there it be ! it may be good for the navy . it might be good for you , but most of all , it 's good for I . it will get you out of my sight . goose but , skipper , cougar 's be pick for top gun ... he 's the best of the best ! stinger well , you will just have to make do with he ( indicate maverick ) . Goose and maverick exchange look . goose mav 's a great flyer but .... stinger he 's a hell of a flyer . in fact , he 's so damn good he might have be pick for top gun himself . except for one thing . ( scream ) he just can not seem to follow order ! stinger move slightly , to stand now , directly in front of maverick and speak eye to eye at four inch . stinger you just do a incredibly brave thing ! what you should have do be land you plane . you do not own that plane , the taxpayer do . I should ream you out for it . but it just do not work with you . you be a hell of a flyer . you be maybe ... too good . you never really step in it yet . so this be you chance . I be gonna send you up against the best . they be better than you . maybe they will knock that shine off you eagle and you will see , finally , where discipline and teamwork fit it . maverick have not really hear anything but topgun . he snap out of it . maverick Sir ? stinger that be all . tell I about the mig some other time ... maverick yes sir ! he snap off a salute and do a about face . stinger maverick .. he turn back . maverick yes sir .. stinger the wing .. he look down at the wing in he hand , slow walk over place they gently on the skipper 's desk . stinger gentlemen ! maverick / goose Sir ? his facade crack just slightly . stinger good luck . 37 . int . passageway maverick and Goose push through a gauntlet of aircrew . they have become notorious . guy grab at they ... question ... the mig ?.. what happen up there ? how close do they get ? what do the mig do ? one word be hear over and over ... " topgun " . Goose be leave behind in the crowd . maverick push through . he walk fast ... faster . up ladder , around turn , down ladder , through passageway . faster . he break into a trot , then a canter , squeezing past enlist man , part locker , then he break into a run ... 38 . ext - carrier - night and STORM a hatch slam open on the side of the carrier . he 's out on a catwalk , instantly soak , run on rain slicked stair cantilever high over the break seas . he plunge forward to the bow of the ship , stand on the very peak . he be yell something . he stand there as the bow plunge terrifyingly into the trough . the water rise like a green mountain , up , up to break just a few foot below he , shower he with spray . the noise be incredible . come around on he face . it be madden . he raise he fist and punch the night . the foam slope of the wave rush up , change color as it dissolves to : Desert Sand whipping by ... 39 . mojave desert - 1 week later a big bike , a real big bike , a turbo ... rocket across the desert . fast. Real fast . aviator shade low above the handlebar -- maverick . Goose hang on in back . it crank faster , pull closer ... engine scream . it crank up a notch , it 's go to explode . it can not go faster , but it do . it scream higher . it roar under , by and away , leave dust ... 39a . the bike - still silence . just the hiss and pop of metal cooling . maverick sit on it , stare out past we . Goose look over maverick 's shoulder . we see why . foot come into the frame . then the uniform : California highway patrol . 40 . country road - near san diego 40a . angle on maverick . chp enter the frame , the usual hypercivil arrogance tinged with awed disbelief . the usual question be space for effect as if he might be talk to some other form of life . maverick be off the bike , stand at attention . Goose follow more slowly . chp Son . do you know why I stop you ? maverick have some good idea how to deal with authority . maverick yes sir . I do sir the chp adjust he own aviator shade . chp well ... what be it ? maverick ( more than sincere ) Sir . you be go to give I a warning , Sir ! chp - a touch of a smile , quickly surpress . chp license and registration . maverick hand they over with he navy id . chp scan they , hesitates a moment over the last , look up with a touch more respect . chp Lieutenant , do you know how fast you be go ? maverick yes sir . I do , sir. chp well ? maverick Sir . I be go Mach point one five . chp nod sagely . chp one sixth the speed of sound ! maverick yes sir . chp ( a guess ) Lieutenant ... what do you ... usually fly ? maverick F - 14 's sir . chp ( new respect ) tomcat ? maverick yes sir ! a long pause . respect in the cop 's eye . he tap the navy id on the handlebar ... stare at this sincere young man . chp Lieutenant ... be there ... a Russian attack ? maverick no sir ! but you have to be ready . the cop nod and stare at he . 41 . ext . miramar naval AIR station - later 41a . omit the bike be blurping ... barely go fast enough to stay upright . maverick cool in shade and campaign cap dork past the hanger with the sign : fightertown , USA . he pull ahead . in back of he , escort with flasher ... the chp . they pull up at the gate . maverick and Goose salute the guard , hand over they id . the chp get out of he car , lean against the door . chp Lieutenant . maverick turn to he . maverick yes , sergeant ? chp remember one thing . maverick Sir ? chp outside of this gate ... I ...am top gun. maverick yes sir ! he salute . the chp return a snappy one . he get back in he car and turn away . maverick receive he id and clearance . as he pass through , a couple of pilot in flight suit ( ice and hollywood ) stare at he . the taller , dark , cool one speak in a dry voice , mean to be overhear . ice uh oh , police escort . this one must be a real killer . the second pilot grin big at they . maverick turn slightly stare over he shade at they as he pass . Goose grin back the challenge . 42 . aerial combat - vietnam era - f4' , mig 17's - stock the Doors on the soundtrack . jet swoop , missile fire , a plane explode . gun camera view of mig , sam , flak , bombing run ... viper ( v.o. ) during the Korean War , the navy kill ratio be twelve - to -one . we shot down twelve of they jet for every one of ours . in Vietnam , this ratio fall to three - to-one . we pilot depend on missle . they lose they dogfight skill . F - 14 's fight with F - 5's . Music become current . viper ( v.o. ) top gun be create to teach acm . Air combat maneuver ... dogfight . richthofen , guynemer , rickenbacker , galland , rudel , bong would envy we . we do just what they do , but we do it beyond the speed of sound . 43 . int . day - top gun orientation room . viper - a tough-looking , confident leader in a blue flight suit , stand before a video- tape monitor . behind he , on the monitor , the dogfight continue . viper by the end of Vietnam we upped we kill ratio to thirteen to one . he turn on the light . we see he audience in f.g. viper you be here ' cause you be the top one per cent of all naval aviator . the CLASS sixteen young man - eight flight crew - sit at attention . they be trim , fit and confident - high school heroes , college jock . viper ( v.o. ) you be the elite , the best of the best . we be gonna make you better , because you be job be damned important . another angle - the men the camera move among they . hold on one of the man ; the one who greet maverick at the gate , Ice . viper ( v.o. ) with the tension in the world today , the potential for confron - tation be great than ever , and carrier pilot will be the first one there . Air combat excellence be vital . Ice be not look at the speaker , but , rather , in we direction . hollywood , a blond , good - look pilot , whisper something to he , and gesture . Ice be get the lowdown on someone . the camera move and we see who that someone be , as maverick enter the frame . viper ... someone once ask I if training man for air combat make the world less safe -- fly load gun ... a accidental confrontation and so forth ... maverick feel the stare of the other man and glance in he direction . they eye meet . Ice smile coldly . angle - viper viper ( co not ) my answer be : the dangerous thing be be unprepare . you want trouble , that 's what you get when thing do not work out , when you can not do what you say you can . when you do not know what you can do . and when you opponent be not sure either . we be not policy . we do not make policy . elected official ... civilian , do that . we be the instrument of policy . the tip of the spear . so we have best be sharp . maverick have turn to look at Ice . Ice glance back in he direction . maverick look at the back of the room where guy in blue flight suit stand . they be the instructor . they look relaxed , poise , mean . Goose be look up front ... where viper have stop . Goose nudge maverick . goose ( whisper ) what be you do ? maverick nothing ... that 's mcgown ... that 's Singer , be not it ? goose turn around , pay attention . what be you do ? maverick ( muse to himself ) ... just wonder ... ( turn back ) ... who be the best . he 's shocked to find viper stare right at he , with a killer grin on he face . he 's feel catch like a naughty schoolboy . viper really ... ( smile ) ya know . we would like to know who 's best too . that 's why we have get that plaque on the wall ... with the top top gun crew from each class . you think maybe you name 's gonna be on it ? maverick know he 's in trouble , consider the social alternative , then tell he the truth . maverick yes sir . a couple of ooo 's and aahh 's from the guy . the instructor stare the challenge at he . he slide lower in he seat . viper consider the company you be in , that 's a pretty arrogant attitude . maverick ( somewhat chastise ) yes sir . viper I like that in a fighter pilot . ( couple of laugh from the guy ) it 's okay to be confident . you have to think you be King Kong to want to try to land on carrier . just keep in mind the other component of success ... teamwork . viper gather he note , the lecture be over . maverick yes sir . viper turn back for one more think . viper gentlemen , this be about combat . remember , there be no point for second place . dismiss . viper walk out . maverick find Goose look at he , quizzically . other mill around the plaque . a big , friendly bear of a rio speak . wolfman a plaque ? hollywood it 's not the plaque . the winner can get assign here as instructor . he get to fight every day . they move closer to examine the name on the plaque . 44 . ext . " o " club - night . fast car in the driveway , fast music blare into the night . it 's Wednesday ; Animal night . maverick , Goose Hollywood and wolfman walk to the entrance . 45 . int . woxof bar loud music , low ceiling , plaque of the squadron line the wall . a dancer gyrate on stage , largely ignore by pilot talk with they hand . every pretty girl in San Diego seem to be here . it 's a noisy , rowdy place - - a " steam releaser " for people under pressure . nevertheless , there be a control to it all , there be none of the usual bar type , just pilot and Naval officer . the ghost rider enter . the place be on fire : a mob of dancer , flash light , blaring hard rock music . beer flow . pilot talk fly and hustle girl . nearby - a a7 pilot stand by the bar . he know Goose and speak loudly for he benefit .. a7 pilot you know the fighter pilot motto ? it 's better to be dead than to look bad . they grin broadly . Goose reply as they brush past . goose I do not know , Frank , anybody get off on bombing the shit out of dirt have get to be queer . Goose exchange friendly punch with the attack pilot . maverick 's introduction and friendly barb be drown by the music . maverick be a bit reserve . he do not move among the crowd as naturally as Goose do . Hollywood and wolfman drift away , search for quarry . Goose order beer . he nod toward a tall young man across the room . goose keller , Black lion squadron . I know he at pensacola . he 's damn good . maverick be there anybody in the navy you do not know ? goose gotta keep track of the competition . Goose suddenly reach out and grab a guy move past . goose slider -- they let you into top gun ? if you be among the best in the navy , I tremble for the security of this country . slider why Goose , whose butt do you kiss to get here ? goose the list be long , but distinguished . slider so 's my Johnson . goose this be maverick . smile good - naturedly , shake hand with mav. slider so I have hear . goose who 's you pilot ? slider Tom kazansky . goose ( very impressed ) no shit . the iceman .... slider mister to you . goose you think you can stay up with we . slider I think , yeah , we will show you a thing or two . goose this be Evan Mitchell , he steer the thing . slider so I hear . steer it pretty close . sorry to hear about cougar . he be a good man . maverick still be .. slider yeah . that 's what I mean . suddenly , behind they , a flame shoot up . someone duck he head and swallow it . the pilot set a empty glass on the bar . slider what be that ? goose flaming hooker . sort of a institution around here . or maybe this be the institution , I forget which . it 's the house drink . it will warm the cockle of you heart ... and other thing depend on where you spill it . he motion to the barmaid and she move over , set they up . goose hold a demitasse glass . the barmaid pour drambuie . they look at Goose apprehensively . Goose look at nearby flyer in camo fatigue . goose you can not show fear in front of Marines ... they be like doberman 's they will go for you throat , it 's instinctive . he take out match and light it . maverick hold he arm . maverick you ever do this before ? goose what , be drunk ? sure ! plenty ! he downs it all in one gulp , slap the glass on the bar , still aflame . he stand there , blink . slider how be it ? goose could use a dash more jet fuel . the other be duly impressed . maverick 's gaze fall on Ice watch from the end of the bar - slider take one , maverick take one too , downs it in a gulp . sundown , take up the challenge , motion for one . the barmaid pour it . goose careful , do not make a ash of yourself ... he try to drink the flame concoction . he try to go for a sip , but it 's too close to he face , he try to tilt the flame away , but that do not work . finally he go for the gulp . he burn he lip and miss . he set he hair on fire . it go up in a whooosh !! sundown yeow ! goose mayday ! down in flame ! he throw a beer in sundown 's face , quenching the fire . sundown blink through the beer . sundown thanks , I need that . hollywood you guy be not only crazy , you be dangerous ! Ice come up from the end of the bar . he motion the barmaid for another ; it come . Goose light it . he gulp it down , cool as hell . ice ( disdainfully ) frat boy . he walk away . slider go after he . maverick who be that guy ? hollywood that 's kazanski . goose no shit ! that why they call he Ice ? hollywood nope . it 's the way he fly - Ice cold . no mistake . wear you down . after enough time , you just get bored and frustrated , you do something stupid , and he 's get you . maverick move in Ice 's direction . he pass wolfman dance with a girl with bright purple fingernails . angle - dancefloor . girl why do you all have such funny name ? wolfman you gotta have a call sign that 's just you own ... never change ... you have to recognize it immediately . then , if someone shout " Wolf , break leave ! " .. you react right away . girl why do they call you Wolf ? woldfman ( smile ) oh , I do not know . Goose come up with he arm around a girl . goose hey mav , this be Sally . she do not believe a word I say . tell she I be marry , will you ? maverick yeah , he 's marry -- but then again , he ,s not dead . Sally laugh and try to pull Goose back toward the dance floor . something in maverick 's eye make he hang back with he partner . angle - the dance floor - dancers girl could I get a call sign ? wolfman well , I do not know . that depend . girl on what ? wolfman well , it do not just happen , you gotta do something famous . girl like what ? wolfman oh ... I will think of something . maverick smile at this , but seem on edge ... he watch a few pretty girl enter and eye the pilot in they flight suit , then turn and walk up to Ice , who sit , drink with slider . maverick walk over to he . Ice notice slider 's attention go to maverick . he turn and grin at he . iceman figure it out yet ? maverick figure out what ? iceman who be the best . maverick nope . iceman need a hint ? maverick I think I can work it out on my own . iceman you like to work alone . I have hear that about you . maverick I have hear of you , too . you be in 124 with bargamian . iceman and you be with cougar . he be my roommate in flight school . maverick he 's a good man . iceman the best . slider you must have soloed under a lucky star . first the mig , then you slide into cougar 's place . goose it 's not cougar 's place . it 's ours . ice what do you think it be ? be it that mig contact that do it ? goose do what ? ice get you here . goose we be here because we be the best flyer in the wing . not because of some mig encounter . slider what luck ! guy fly they whole career without see a mig up close ... you be famous . ice you mean notorious . something in the way he say it . it 's not quite a joke , more a insult . maverick 's about to take the whole conversation too far when something ... someone catch he eye . she catch quite a few eye in this room . she be very pretty and she 's walk in on the arm of a Commander . maverick turn back , but the moment have pass . Ice dismiss he with a nod and weak smile . Goose pull he away . maverick what do this guy think , I make cougar quit ? goose pay no attention to it . they be just try to rattle you . it 's all psychological . sit down.. and drink . he deposit maverick at a chair by a table where other pilot cluster watch and listen to bug shoot down he wristwatch . maverick brood ... bug we be just really diving down and by then we be right over downtown haiphong . it be some great shit . Jack say , " what be you do ? " " what , what be I do , Jack ? " he say , " what be you do ? " I say , " I be roll in , Jack . " " bug , we be at thirty - two hundred foot . oh shit , we be like zooom ... so we scrape down at hundred foot right over -- downtown hanoi ! oh shit , goddamn it ! and blow down the river . and so once we be there we let down to about fifty foot just go down the river and Jack say ... " bug ... do not ever do that again ! " " okay , right , Jack , I will never do that again ! " maverick pay little or no attention . he brood and drink . suddenly , Hollywood nudge he , he turn . maverick what , what be it ? hollywood target pass . check you six . maverick never mind mine . check hers . they turn . Long leg , great ass , beautiful . hollywood her six be a ten ! uh oh , a turn to engage . he Pov - across a crowded room maverick see a stranger , and somehow he know , he know even then . wolfman turn , see she walk too . wolfman bogey ...9 o'clock level . sundown nine thirty . bogey ? you presume that hostile ? hollywood well , we should contact and check it out . she have turn toward they . she pass by . they start to make a move for she . but just then she find she date at the bar ; a distinguished man with Captain 's stripe . they smile freeze and they slide back in they chair . maverick can not stop look at she ... after a while , the intensity of he gaze draw she attention . she feel he . she be nodd and smile to she date , but she eye scan the room like radar . a warning tone go off in he brain dolu dolu dolu as they lock on he . he feel that thrill of excitement and fear you get when you know you be target in someone 's scope . her eye hold on he for a long moment ... long enough , and then sweep by the rest of the room . she turn she attention back to the Captain and laugh at something he say . over in a corner , Goose chat up a couple of San Diego girl . goose the family unit -- that 's the most important thing . it 's the only thing you can count on . I be marry -- do I tell you that ? first girl four time . we do not believe you . goose I have be marry since I be eighteen . why do not you believe I ? second girl because you do not look marry . first girl you be not even wear a ring . goose ( big smile ) I take it off when I be chase woman . it 's the only honorable thing to do . angle - maverick he 's half listen to bug rattle on . his eye be draw back to the woman . he try not to stare . she seem to know a lot of people in the club . he look away . Hollywood be chat up a girl with a sincerity that can not be teach . his line be just as polished as he appearance . hollywood you do not think about death up there , but you think a lot about the danger . one mistake and you be a smoking hole in the ground . girl I never know it be so dangerous . hollywood oh yeah , it make everything down here more meaningful . you feel a certain intensity of life , and you want to grab onto every moment . maverick look up at the bar again . a shock . she ( Charlie ) be stare right at he , intensely , as she date whisper something in she ear . she notice he , stare back , quickly look away , embarrassed . she say something to the man . he nod and turn away as someone else grab he attention . the woman , now would not look this way for anything . she pick up she purse from the bar and walk through the crowd and out of the room . impulsively , maverick 's up , he follow . 46 . int . hallway - outside the bar he break out , look around , do not see she . someone disappear around a corner . he move after . corner - a door slam shut . impulsively , before he realize what he be do , he 's through it . 47 . women' room . a feminine gasp ! he should have look at the sign on the door . the realization of where he be hit he too late . she be stand by the mirror , with she make - up out , look back at he . he 's not quite sure what to do . a hasty retreat would be appropriate , if embarrassing . ah , what the hell , he be a fighter pilot ! he just walk right over to she ... no idea what he will say . she 's get she lipstick out , twist it . she look over at he with a amused smile . charlie Long cruise , be it ? she lean over the sink , put on lipstick , see he eye cover she . charlie anything I can do to help , Lieutenant ? maverick lot of thing . she laugh . he be sort of attractive , but there be other girl in the room , she do not want to be too encourage ... she try not to grin at he embarrassment . charlie I will bet ! maverick uhhh ... anything I can do for you ? she laugh again , do not know what it be ... could be chemical , but she 's instinctively attract . charlie yeah . hold this . it might be safer . she hand he a makeup mirror . start redoing she lipstick . he just stare at she ... she look up at he , than back to she warpaint . finally , when it come , it be cool and amused . charlie now I know why all the girl come here . they know how horny you guy get . but this ... be ridiculous . maverick it 's not that . mock anger . she 's toy with he . charlie it be not ? maverick well , it be . it be that , too . charlie that 's a big comfort to I . maverick I could be , too . charlie how so ? maverick save you from a big mistake with that other guy . charlie and on to a bigger one with you ? maverick yeah , most likely . charlie be there ever a girl who do not like fighter pilot ? maverick I hear of one once . she laugh again , shake she head ... another cowboy ! she gently take the compact out of he hand , snap it close . charlie I be really flatter , Lieutenant , but I do not go out with pilot . maverick then what be you do here ? Three pretty blond enter and look at maverick quizzically but not without interest . charlie I think the question be ... what be you ? she try to keep a straight face as she walk out of the room . the other girl look at he expectantly . a beat . he just stand there , then realize he 's hold she lipstick . maverick hi. I be here to talk about a new concept in cosmetics ... 47a . woxof bar . she return , spot the Captain , motion to she . maverick enter , go to the other end of the bar . he order a drink . it come . he drink it , pay for it , move off toward the door . someone back into he path , he move quickly and bump into someone else ; she . charlie sorry . she see it 's he . maverick my fault . should have watch where I be go . her hand go to he collar . she adjust he insignia . she smile . charlie where 's you wing man ? who 's watch you six ? maverick uh , nobody , I guess . one final adjustment . charlie too bad . she break the spell abruptly , turn away . charlie see you around . maverick find he voice . maverick can I walk you out ? she turn back to he , a smile . charlie I be with someone . 48 . ext . " o " club - later that night p.o.v . - from a car in the parking lot , we see Charlie and the Captain leave the club . they walk directly toward we and stop . she turn , say something polite ... a peck on the cheek . he turn away . a dome light briefly illuminate the interior of the car as a door open . it rock slightly as someone get in . Charlie turn back and walk over , take she key out . she open the door to the car and get in . 48a . ext . car - night she start the car and pull away . suddenly , a figure sit up in the back . maverick I think he would never leave . charlie yeow ! startle , she nearly drive off the road . she turn to he , startle . charlie you ! what be you do here ? maverick everybody 's get to be somewhere . charlie what if Captain Dawson have come with I ? maverick it would have be really embarrassing ! charlie how do you know this be my car ? maverick simple deduction . it 's fast . it 's pretty . sleek and stylish ... it 's you color ... match you lipstick . charlie that 's all ! maverick and I ask someone . charlie you think you be pretty smart . maverick I think I be in love . 49 . ext . guard gate she pull up at the guard gate , a marine corporal be on duty . he see the pretty girl pull up and stop , lean over helpfully . marine can I help you , ma'am ? she smile even more sweetly . charlie I do not know , corporal . can you do anything about this lunatic ? the car door swing open . maverick get out . the car roar away . he stand in the glare of the spotlight ... rock on he heel , look across at the guard , who snap to attention and stare hole in he chest . 50 . int . top gun - next morning . two guy in flight suit run down stair past stencil of mig kill on wall , then down corridor . flex not so fast ... my head . they skid to stop outside a door . 51 . int . hangar Ground crew work on plane in b.g. jester in middle of lecture . door burst open . sundown and flex skid to a halt when they see whole class look at they . jester who be you ? sundown I be sundown . jester yeah , right . you be late . viper break in , indicate flex . viper and who be you ? flex flex viper flex ...? you do not look like flex to I . you call that muscle ? do not look like muscle . look like ... pork . they laugh . even sundown have to laugh , scratch he chest . viper what be you laugh at ? you be fungus . stop scratch . sundown / fungus fungus ! pork do not make a issue of it , it will stick . fungus ( unhappily ) it will stick anyway . viper turn away ... viper now to continue . in this class we will be deal with F - 5's and a4 's , as we mig simulator . technically the F - 5 do not have the thrust to weight ratio of the mig-21 -- it also do not bleed energy below 300 knot like the mig - 21 do . the a4 do not turn as well as the mig -17 but have significantly better visibility . maverick look back to he note . sfx footstep ... door open . viper look up to back of room door . viper hi , Charlie . good , we tagref 's here . Charlie 's the most qualified to get into p sub and curve , and vn diagram . maverick turn to see the tagref walk forward . maverick stare at she as she pass without acknowledge he . he be surprised , embarrassed . viper Charlotte blackwood -- code name Charlie -- not you ordinary tagref . Charlie have she Ph.D. in astrophysics -- she 's a civilian contractor so you do not salute she ... or anything else . be that clear ? she walk to the front and start she presentation . she talk about something very technical , arcane . mig tactic , technology . as the briefing rattles on , maverick react to she . Goose glance over at he . he , too , recognize the girl . he look at he partner . maverick feel he stare . charlie hello , I think I have some new data for you ... now a mig 21 have a problem with the invert flight tank . it will not do a negative G push over . even below one G , they risk a flame out . operationally , they will do a zero to one G only . a snicker from the audience . she hesitates momentarily , go on . charlie the latest intelligence show that the most they will do in operation be one .... be there something wrong , Lieutenant . maverick I do not think you be altogether right ... about the mig , that be . she stop -- some of the pilot look at he . viper glare . charlie I beg you pardon . maverick no , I beg yours . but I do not think you be right on that . charlie why not ? maverick I see one . charlie you see a mig 21 ? maverick I see a mig do a 4 G negative dive . charlie ( she do not believe he ) where do you see that ? maverick it 's classified . nervous buzz in the room . viper go rigid . Charlie can not believe it . charlie it 's what ? maverick it 's classified . like Hollywood say , I could tell you , but then I would have to kill you . pork stifles a laugh , the other chuckle . viper be embarrassed . viper maverick !!! she stop viper with a glance . charlie it 's all right . she can handle it . she be very cool , not overbearing . she say it calmly . she do not want to embarrass he any more than he be , but she have to get the fact straight . charlie Lieutenant , I have a top secret clearance . the Pentagon see to it that I know more than you . maverick not in this case . charlie ( flatly . ) you see a mig push negative 4G ? maverick yes , mar 'am . charlie where be you ? maverick on he six . Little stifle laugh . charlie he be in a 4G negative dive and you be on he six ? maverick yes , mar 'am , at first . then I be directly above he . she stare at he for a moment , then she have he . she go for the kill . charlie if you be directly above he , how do you see he ? maverick I be invert . a real buzz in the room . Ice laugh audibly . charlie you be in a 4G invert dive with a mig 21 ? ( she can not believe it . ) at what range ? maverick two . charlie two mile . maverick two meter . chuckle , barely suppress . Goose pipe up to deflect attention . goose one and a half , actually . I get a polaroid . charlie ( flatly . ) Lieutenant ... maverick ma'am ? charlie what be you do there ? maverick give he the bird . open laughter . she think it 's at she . she grow red . charlie the what ? maverick you know . the finger . he show she , but she can handle this . charlie so you be the reason that salt talk fail . the room break into laughter . at he . now he grow red . Goose put he hand on maverick 's arm , shake he head as if to say : " let it go , pal , she get you " . she look at viper . he do not know whether to laugh or cry . he know there 's something here he do not control . viper Lieutenant ! goose it 's just like he say , sir . viper ( he snap ) I do not care ! 51a . corridor - outside lecture hall she walk away . he run up and stop she . maverick why do not you tell I you be a tagref ? she study he coolly for a moment , like a specimen . charlie it never come up . maverick you let I make a fool of myself . charlie you seem determine to do that anyway .. why do not you tell I you be a famous mig insulter ? maverick would it have make a difference ? charlie no . maverick what would ? charlie you know , I be assign to this school . I see sixteen new hotshot every eight week . you attention be flatter , but not really productive . why do not you keep you mind on fly . she reach over and align he collar insignia . charlie why can not you keep this straight ? she smile at he and walk away . maverick turn , see the other size he up . most of they grin . maverick move down the corridor past the CO 's Office . viper lean against the doorsill . he light a pipe , laconically eye maverick . his tone give away nothing , like a elint probe elicite a response . viper maverick ... where would you get that call sign ? maverick ahhh ... run in the family , sir . viper you be father be marvin Mitchell .. maverick yes sir . viper a good man . good flyer . viper turn away . maverick yes sir . thank you sir . maverick watch he for a beat , he 's be test , but he 's not sure how or why . he turn to catch up with Goose and the other . ext . sky - later at twenty - eight thousand foot , the two plane circle each other , go in opposite direction . as they jockey for position , they snap past each other like end of bullwhip . the earth spin , the horizon appear and disappear . with each hard turn , maverick and Goose can be hear " grunt " to keep blood in they brain , to keep from pass out . the fight be hard , physical , and exhaust . the extreme G force -- 6.5 -- flatten they against they seat , cause they head to weigh over one hundred pound . maverick strain to turn he head and track the other jet as it streak past at Mach one . maverick I have lose he -- where be he ? goose on you six -- come hard . four hundred . lose airspeed ! he 's on you six and close fast ! hard leave ! hard left ! maverick jerk the stick leave , and the F - 14 take a astonish turn . jester roar past into a wide arc . goose great move . great maverick he should have have I . goose take it down . let 's bug out of here . call for a draw . maverick no way . I will nail he this time . go vertical . the plane explode into afterburner - rocketing toward space . jester be leave in direct line with the sun , and he canopy be spray with a blind glare . go ballistic be dangerous . the plane fly like a bullet , obey the law of physics , not the pilot 's touch on control surface . the ballistic call warn other aircraft that he be , for the moment , out of control . goose he 's blind -- you get he ! jester no joy ! no joy ! where be you ? i've lost sight . goose he 's out of energy ! you get control ? unload ! the F - 14 peel over the egg , in a backward dive . it rocket down the outside , gain energy . over the roar of jet , the scream of the wind , Goose shout data , but it be muffle , a distant voice in a typhoon . through the canopy , we see jester , and he hang in the air like a sparrow in the path of a falcon . pilot be Pov - hud in windscreen - a diamond in a box . maverick line up the diamond with jester , and we hear the high pitch tone beeping . jester we're below the hard deck . fight be off . goose he 's right . we be at ten thousand . maverick no way . I get you , sucker . you be go down . jester maneuver , but maverick keep he in the gunsight . the beeping be louder , faster . maverick in the envelope . fox two missile shot . you 're gone , jester , dead ! goose ( stunne ) goddamn ! we beat he ! there be a edge of anger in jester 's voice . jester roger fox two . get you butt above the hard deck . return to base immediately . they be bring up short for a moment , then the thrill of victory get the best of they . Goose let out a war whoop . the F - 14 sweep up , roll into a immelman .. maverick we do it ! goose look , ma , top of the world ! 52a . ext . miramar - landing pattern . maverick 's tomcat break hard and high , roll over on its side , wing perpendicular to the ground . Goose see the world go sideways . goose ahhh ... a little high on the leave , do not you think ? maverick right . he aileron roll another quarter turn . invert , they pass right down the runway . Goose look out and insouciantly watch the world go by at 300 knot , upside down . goose right . much better . ... ahhh ... what do you call this ? maverick it 's a victory roll . goose I would not call it victory . it 's more like ... self immolation . 52b . int . control tower controller work . officer watch the landing activity . one old salt , turn from the coffee machine , a cup of steaming Java micron from he lip . a roar . vaboom ! the tomcat roar over . he yelp as hot coffee fly all over he shirt . 52c . ext . maverick be F - 14 they complete the roll , bank leave , zoom right by the tower , level with the observation window . 52d . f-14' Pov . controller look out at the F - 14 , mouth drop open . 52e . angle goose he wave jauntily . goose hi ... hi there . how ya do in there ? mav ... ahhh ... you know , at one point I do want a navy career . maverick come on , relax ... goose you see all that guy with gold on they shoulder !!?... oh , no , I think that be Johnson , Air boss of the Kitty Hawk ! maverick come on , we beat a instructor . how many time in you life do you get to do a victory roll ? goose just once , if they take you plane away . they roll out , break over the runway . *** 52f . ext . flightline . maverick and Goose walk by parking tomcat ... Ice be unstrap , slider be climb down . Ice look at maverick , say one word . iceman Cowboys ! maverick keep walk ... Goose hang back . slider Nice . always a good idea to show up you instructor . he nod toward jester , glaring at they from he a4 . Goose indicate the backseat of the tomcat . goose hey , see any control back there ? ( think about team loyalty , react to jester 's glare ... ) and anyway ... we beat the Son of a bitch ! he turn and run to catch up with maverick . 53 . int . locker room - day pilot half undress . maverick and Goose enter the room , carry they helmet . the student look up at they , and Goose suddenly flash a thumb 's up sign with a grin . the student react with clench fist , ad lib , high fives , victory punch . wolfman you win ?!!! maverick do not everybody ? " oooo " -- they all go " ooo " and laugh . wolfman no , we ... get we butt kick . hollywood thirty second . that 's all it take to blow we out of the sky . wolfman we go like this , he go like that . I say to Hollywood : where would he go ? Hollywood say : where would who go ? hollywood and he 's laugh . right over the radio , he 's laugh at we . attention turn to the doorway as Ice and slider enter . Ice give a brief dramatic pause , then flash thumb up and smile . the student celebrate Ice 's win . Ice handle the attention with the easy composure of one who be use to it . maverick ignore he and begin to peel out of he g-suit . Ice move toward he locker . *** goose you win . congratulation . hollywood maverick and Goose win too . Ice talk into he locker . ice that 's not what I hear . goose we win ! Ice turn back , stare they down , then turn back into he locker , dismiss they . ice below the hard deck do not count . you guy be the second team , be not you ? maverick get up , move to he , start to say something , when jester , break into the room . jester maverick , Goose . viper 's office . now ! 53a . int . topgun corridor outside co' office . scream and yelling . a lot of scream and yell , muffle by the door . 53b . int . anteroom . enlist yeomen and Chiefs go about they clerical duty in acute embarrassment mix with curiousity . behind the co' door , someone be scream he head off . boom ! the door burst open . a big , brawling Officer - Johnson , the Air boss - blast out , nearly smash into a female petty officer . she almost spill she coffee . Johnson look right and leave in fury too strong for word . he look like he want to smash something . they move out of he way , but he just blast through the door and disappear down the hall . the enlist man turn to viper 's office . 53d there Pov jester stand inside stoneface . maverick and Goose be rigid . viper ... with excess calm deliberation , softly walk over , grasp the doornob . he glance in this direction . the glance be totally without expression , and even scarier for that . *** 53d . angle enlisted ( men ) in a flash , each man find something totally engross in he work , or something terribly important to do elsewhere . slowly , steadily , viper swing he door close . 54 . int . viper' office he move over to face maverick . there be a silence like after a train wreck ; nothing but the popping of sprung metal and the low gasp of escape steam . viper speak quietly , like a funeral director consol the live . make you want to scream . viper well .... that about cover the flyby . jester almost break into a grin . viper now ... in addition ... you break two major rule of engagement . and ... that 's ... not good . maverick give no response . viper continue . viper Lieutenant candela lose sight of you , and call " no joy " . you fail to respond . he stop and look at maverick ... a beat . maverick finally nod viper why ? maverick be exhaust . it 's be a long , rough day . his voice be a horse whisper . maverick I have he in view . I be peel over the egg , into a dive . he see I when I move in for the kill . there be not any danger ... viper ( to Goose ) be that how you remember it ? goose yes , sir . by the time we could respond , we be diving right into he view . viper be not satisfied with the answer , but he move on . viper the hard deck for this hop be ten thousand foot . jester , at what point do you call off the fight ? jester just below ten thousand . viper but you continue to fight . another pause , another grudge nod . viper why ? maverick we be not below for more than ten second . there be no danger . I have the shot . I take it . viper the rule of engagement be not flexible . they exist for you safety . you will obey they . be that clear ? maverick think about continue the discussion , but the think be momentary . he quickly cut he loss , give viper what he think he want ... he be just on the cusp of too sincere . maverick yes sir , perfectly clear . I guess we be ... I be ... just a little over enthusiastic . viper measure he for a moment , then let it go . viper I guess you be . dismiss . maverick and Goose leave the room . viper look at jester , pick up maverick 's fitness report . do not read it , look back at jester . jester I do not know what to tell you , skip . viper tell I one thing . jester wait . viper ... if you have to go into combat , would you want he with you ? jester turn , walk slowly around the room . the wall be line with picture ; plane and pilot ... history . there be mig killer , attack squadron , ground personnel ... there 's one picture of a phantom in flight with the backseater moon the camera . other picture show carrier , famous flyer , previous CO 's . finally jester reply . jester yep . viper slap shut the fitness report . jester he 's seat of the pants ... completely unpredictable -- nothing by the book . all over the sky . but I do not know , skip , he 's really get something . viper yeah , we get one of this guy every damn class . ( laugh ) " maverick ! " he throw the report on the desk . jester yup , a wild pony . 55 . omitted 56 . int . cockpit - night wind roar , jet whine . Hollywood and wolfman be be throw about as Hollywood fight the stick . wolfman no. no. look out , you lose it . they depart flight . tumble . the horizon swing wildly as they go into flat spin . wolfman we be dead ! a face appear at 12,000 foot , right in front of they canopy . Goose 's eye bug at they . goose man , you guy goon it . you laser butt be scattered across kansas . hollywood ( disgust with himself ) come on . I die enough for one night . 56A . ext . cockpit they climb out of the simulator - a cockpit sprung on moveable ram , surround by a dome on which video image be project . as they climb down , maverick and Goose climb up into the cockpit to take they place . goose have you guy ever consider career counseling ? 57 . omitted 56b . simulator control room - fill with computer , tape transport and video screen representation of computer generate combat . now maverick fly it as Charlie and other tech watch . 56c . cockpit maverick fly the heck out of it . it 's real . it lurch and bump , the noise and sight look real . he get on the tail of a mig . it break , he break , then what he do be just too fast to follow . it scream around in a turn . suddenly , there be a whummp ... alarm ... the light come on . goose what happen . tech ( v.o. filter ) what do you do in there ? goose what do you do ? you break it ! 58 . computer analysis room maverick and Goose enter . the tech cluster around the keyboard try to reprogram , to figure out what go wrong . charlie you fly it off the template . nobody ever do that before . goose that 's what she say last night . she stare at Goose until he grin and move off to give the other he valuable opinion on how to reprogram the computer . charlie what be it about you ? he just shrug at she and smile . maverick what would you say , too fast ... too quick ... charlie and far too aggressive . maverick it be combat . every second count . charlie the hot move in the world be not gonna help you if you wind up alone . you wingman 's get to be able to follow you . trust you . know that he can depend on you . it 's more than just fancy fly . maverick well , what you need ... what you have to keep look for ... what you want to get be a wingman who can stay up with you . who can match you move for move . then you have get something . I be sorry . charlie for what ? maverick that stuff about the mig . I be out of line . charlie apology acknowledge . maverick be that all ? charlie what else do you want ? maverick um. you . charlie there you go with that move again . maverick too aggressive ? charlie I do not mix with the boy . I work here . let 's keep it professional . maverick I be special . charlie ( laugh ) yes . I will give you that ! maverick give I a break , I be ask you out . charlie I can not . maverick I think there be something ... that night in the club ... charlie Lieutenant ... maverick Evan ... or maverick . charlie maverick ... you know the rule of engagement . maverick ( can not believe it . ) the what ? charlie some one come up hot on you six , what do you do ? maverick what be you talk about ? charlie you turn into he , check he out , identify friend or foe . maverick I be not you foe . charlie and if he 's harmless , you disengage . maverick harmless ! charlie uh hum . maverick what if he 's not ? charlie you have to shoot he down .... if he 's smart , he will turn away before that happen . maverick harmless . nobody ever call I harmless before ... charlie and probably never again . it 's nothing personal . it 's just ... I know a lot of pilot . maybe I be immune ... maverick do not worry , I be a new strain . and I do not give up . everything I have ever want I have have to work like hell for . well , how about it ? charlie how about what ? maverick how about anything , anything you want to do . charlie hard to argue with that , be not it ... maverick a date ... coffee ... a drink ... a walk in the park . charlie what about the plane ? maverick what plane . charlie most of they invite I to sit in the cockpit ... play with the lever and thing . maverick well , get use to it . charlie use to what ? maverick I be different . charlie I be start to sense that now . maverick you be slow to engage . but you ' will come around . she push he out the door maverick let 's make it at eight . charlie make what ? maverick anything . charlie okay , anything . just ...go. I have gotta work . she close the door , turn back to she screen . 59 through 61 omitted *** 59a . beach LA jolla - day a day off . pilot , other personnel be enjoy a day at the beach . there be bikinis , and beer , sunfish and water ski . the annual over- the- line ( a variation of softball ) tournament be in progress . the team from the teddy Kennedy driving School be whipping another know as scum de Terre . the pilot be do pretty well at blow off steam . 59b . undersea undulating sea grass . muffled hiss of the surf . a pretty fish come into view . a spear shoot through it , and nail it to the ocean floor . 59c . shoreline two figure pop to the surface and wade in to the beach . maverick hold the wriggle fish . Charlie be repulse . she pull off she mask and snorkle , follow he in to shore .. 59d . the beach they flop down . he drop the fish in front of she , see she reaction at watch its death throes . charlie why would you do that ? maverick ( surprised ) I have the shot . she look at he for a moment , then turn away , fiddle with she mask . maverick it die . we live . charlie you be a animal . maverick that 's true . what be you ? charlie I do not enjoy watch thing suffer . he smashes the fish on a rock . it be still . charlie no ! maverick it 's not suffer anymore . charlie ( she look at he strangely , half joke ) you be horrible maverick you be not , cause you eat freeze meatball ? ( he put it down ) thing die . every time you breathe , you kill million of tiny organism . every time you eat , something have to die . charlie you do not have to kill it . maverick somebody do . it 's more honest this way . you do you own dirty work . charlie you ever think about kill another human be ? maverick about as much as they think about kill I . charlie do it bother you ? maverick they know the rule ... ( this be too strong for she , she turn away , he come around to she . ) that 's the deal . that 's why you be up there . it 's he or I . that 's the price of admission . ( she draw away ) it bother you , why ? you be part of it . ( she stiffen , he 's lose she . he soften ) everybody die . most people do not get to die for something . you do not want to confront it , do you . you want to keep it all clean , cerebral ... velocity vector , wing - load diagram ... you ever be up ? charlie Flying ? maverick you use you mind to keep thing at a distance . you ever just let go ? she do not answer . maverick you know what really scare I ? live too long . lose my hair and my tooth ... and my gut and my wind . and my brain ... sitting in a room with my hand in my lap , watch daytime tv . charlie you do not believe any of this . you do not think you will ever die . maverick that 's it , of course . when I be up there and do it , I be cheating it every second . I be subverting all law ... gravity ... whatever . I be skate the edge of it . charlie Winston churchill . maverick what ? charlie what he say ... " there 's nothing so exhilate as be shot at without result . " maverick all you have get be one life . I guess it 's worth about the same to every body . you ever see a old woman after she husband have die ? and the meaningless year of decline stretch ahead ... when you be in the air and do something really dangerous , you can look ahead ... maybe ten second . that 's you whole future . that 's as far as it go . but imagine what that second be worth . charlie what if you kill yourself ? think of everything you will miss . maverick there be lot of stuff I do not know about ... Fine wine ... great art ... the opera . I guess if I live long enough , I will get to it . if I do not , I will never miss it . charlie be you really that brave ? maverick ( shake he head no . ) I watch my mother die . Cancer . she have a long time to think about it . they say you reach a agreement with death . come to accept the fact that pretty soon you will not be here . I do not see that . she ... be very brave ... brave than I be . you go up there , there be not time to think . if you make a mistake , you be just a smudge on the ground . simplifies funeral arrangement . charlie it 's just as I think . maverick what ? charlie you be totally insane . maverick ( he smile ) thanks very much . ( he lift the fish ) Care for some suchi ?. 59e . the other end of the beach - later a killer volleyball game in progress . maverick and Charlie wander toward it , talk softly to themselves . Goose run up and grab he away . goose come on , we be next . maverick what ? goose come on , I get over six buck on the line . maverick look up and see the other two - man team , the victor , wait on the other side of the net for they . of course it have to be Ice and slider . Charlie sit and watch as the game get immediately out of hand . in moment , maverick and Ice rotate to forward position directly opposite each other across the net . other reveler turn to watch as it degenerate ( ? ) to more than a game . maverick glance at Charlie . he seem uncomfortable , but irrevocably draw into the confrontation . she say nothing , but she attitude be apparent . back to the game : slider and Goose set they up , as they try to spike the ball in each other 's face . the final point ... up over the middle . they both go up , maverick smashes , Ice block , but the ball sail away , off he forearm . for the first time ever , maverick beat he . he look over at Charlie , she be stare out to sea . she look back at he and he 's suddenly have enough competition . they call for another game , but maverick turn away ... goose come on , come on ! it 's double or nothing .. we be talk twelve buck american , here . maverick I have have enough ... for now . he grab Charlie and he gear .. maverick come on . charlie where ? maverick you want to go ballistic ? charlie I do not know . I do not like be out of control . he look back at Ice , bounce the ball and stare at he . maverick stick with I , you will get use to it . 59f . ext . desert the bike do 130 , 140 , 150 mph . Charlie be unfaze . he turn to check she out , she smile back at he . CUT to 59g . ext . rustic adobe cantina - sunset the bike be park in front . montage on locked off camera - to show the passage of time ... the lattice terrace , streak of light . maverick be feed a dog . Charlie sit on a rail watch he . maverick I always want to fly ... ever since I first see a jet . I want to fly jet , then I want F - 14' , then I want to fly off carrier , then I want top gun . charlie and now ? maverick and now I want you . charlie you always get what you want ? maverick I do not know yet . dissolve he put money in jukebox . she watch he ... eye to eye contact . the music come on . charlie I want it understand . maverick anything . charlie no fool on base , no sign , no comment , no talk . by anyone . maverick why ? charlie I be a professional . you guy be in my line of work . a long beat . he look at she -- make the pact : like a sailor . maverick acknowlege . she look at he eye for any sign of a put - on , insincerity . finally he smile at she but she can read it . it 's time . she move in and cover he grin with a gentle kiss . dissolve to they sit within strike distance at a table . the dog sleep beneath . they eye be now lock . the electricity almost arc between they . tcu scrub pine table . they fingertip touch . tight shot . waist to head . holding , close together , sway in time with the music . they lip gently brush . 60 . 61 . omitted 62 . ext . day - desert - tact range a F - 14 swoops over the desert , roar over a antenna complex . the jet .- in it 's missile rack , it carry a tact transponder . the tact Range be a area of the desert completely envelop by computerize radar . the computer calculate a number of aircraft 's position and velocity by mean of transponder in the ship and ground station that talk to each other thousand of time a second . use this system , it be possible to track aerial combat instantaneously and give pilot direction and also to play back the combat for analysis . 63 . int . tact range trailer - day the double view screen be five foot high ; high technology , state of the art . on the screen be computer animated figure show jet from various angle . Flight data be display . the operator punch button to show various point - of-view of the battle : a pilot 's p.o.v. ; God 's p.o.v. from overhead , a long range p.o.v. , show topography of the landscape and height of mountain . student and instructor sit on chair in the peanut gallery , face viper at the front of the room . Charlie be in the back . viper the bandit have good position right here . all right , freeze here . the moment of choice -- maverick be defensive . he have a chance to bug out right here .... better to retire and save you plane than force a bad position . stay in the diamond another three second , the bandit will blow you out of the sky ... make a hard right , select zone 5 ... ( turn to maverick to drive point home ) you can extend and escape . you make a bad choice . Roll forward . the computerize rendering resume on the screen . viper ( co not ) you perform a split S. that 's the last thing you should do . the bandit be right on you tail -- freeze there ... the bandit have you in he gunsight . what be you think here , maverick ? maverick I be not think . I just do it . viper Big gamble with a thirty million dollar plane ! maverick ( smile ) no gut , no glory . it 's a joke . viper do not like that answer at all , but some of the student laugh and mockingly whistle at the cockiness of it . they give maverick the high sign . slider lean forward to he . slider you gut . his glory . maverick slump down in he chair under viper 's glare . the computer rendering roll forward again . he glance back at Charlie . she smile sympathetically at he . viper unfortunately , the gamble work , or you might have learn something . the bandit never get a clean shot ... maverick make a aggressive vertical move here , come over the top and defeat the bandit with a missile shot . the encounter be a victory , but we have show it as a example of what not to do . Ice be next . another computerize rendering come up on the screen . Hollywood lean close to maverick and speak quietly . hollywood gutsiest move I ever see . maverick give he a small nod of appreciation . viper and the dumbest ... okay , look at this . it 's textbook . Ice take control of the battle immediately . he never give the bandit a chance to take the offensive . a early turn here -- excellent . he go for the jugular , and it 's over just that quick . let 's run that again , it 's exactly how it should be do . 64 . through 75b . omitted 76 . ext . miramar runway - day in full flight gear , carry they helmet and try to stuff food down they gullet , the student rush / stumble toward the flight line . Hollywood take a bit of a sandwich and make a face . goose what the hell be this ? maverick do not chew it , you will not have it that long . easier to clean the cockpit if it come up in big chunks . jester yell from the distance . jester on the run . let 's go . move it ! goose a fighter pilot 's lunch ... a hot dog and a puke . they scurry ahead , overtake the other . hollywood I be a victim of circumstance . goose they should have warn you about that one . hollywood she 's kinky for flight suit -- say that she would never see so many zipper -- play with they all night . the noise alone keep I up . goose what would you do ? hollywood pull leave , roll out , underneath . wolfman it 's kind of ironic . all you guy have woman trouble and I do not . hollywood that 's because you do not have any woman . wolfman until last night . do you see the move I be make on that girl at the party ? hollywood the girl with the purple fingernails ? wolfman that 's she -- tall hungry woman with fire in she eye . it be great . maverick it be bad . wolfman bad ? maverick the girl with the purple fingernails be Coogan 's sister . they all laugh . wolfman look stunne . hollywood Coogan spend half the night look for she . he say he be gonna kill the son-of - a-bitch who ruin he sister . wolfman I do not ruin she . maverick you do not help . wolfman no , really . she come ruin !... ya think he know it be I ? goose seem not to . but it 's hard to know . you never can tell what 's in the mind of a psychopath . wolfman look very unsettle . hollywood hear about Ice ? wolfman what now ? hollywood he win again . Goose walk beside maverick now . goose something bother you ? maverick nothing . let 's just go fight . wolfman look very apprehensive as they approach the F - 14' . mechanic surround both plane , make last minute check of all system . among they be coogan , six and a half foot tall , look mean . maverick toss he a wave . maverick Morning , Coogan . wolfman how 's it goin ' , coog ? hollywood ever find you sister , Coogan ? coogan you guy know something ' about that ? wolfman swallow hard and hurry quickly into the plane . Coogan glare at they all with a look that could kill . 77 . omitted 78 . ext . f- 14' - day Hollywood lead , maverick follow . they point they nose down and dive . two bogy fly side by side at five thousand , outline against the blue Pacific . smaller , slower , they seem helpless for a moment . we hear the instructor in the F - 5's . viper ( v.o. filter ) two at seven o'clock , jester . scramble . jester roger . coming left . hollywood Holy shit , it 's viper . maverick keep you shirt on , he 's say holy shit it 's we . the bogy split . bogey one hard leave . bogey two hard right . Hollywood sweep leave , pursue bogey one . maverick hang back to cover he . bogey one make a strong vertical move . Hollywood stay on he . maverick stay with he , wood ... you six clear ! bogey one loop and come down , and Hollywood almost lose he for a moment before regain the angle . maverick stay with he ! tighten you turn ! goose bogey at three o'clock high ! nose on ! maverick look quickly at three o'clock high , see bogey two return to the fight . he jerk the stick right , and the two plane make a quick pass . viper snapshot .. missed he .. maverick engaging the other guy . wood , you 're on you own . goose just cover Wood , maverick . mutual support , man ! maverick I be gonna take he , Goose . goose do not be greedy . stay with Wood . maverick I want he ! maverick go suddenly vertical , zoom straight up . goose hey , come on -- hey ! maverick loop the F - 14 down to get the quick angle on viper in bogey two . viper take off , run from the fight again . maverick look over he shoulder and see that Hollywood still have a good position on bogey one . he take a hard right and streak off after viper . goose what what be you do ? we be cover ! maverick Wood 's okay . I want viper . Goose look back at Hollywood and bogey one . goose but we be cover ! viper streak across the sky with maverick close behind . he push the throttle forward to zone 5 - full afterburner . viper show all he trick ... hard leave , hard right , roll into vertical , flipping into a dive . maverick stay with he . viper ( to himself ) goddamn , rookie , you be all right ! 79 . int . f- 14 maverick turn to get viper in the diamond . he hear a sidewinder growl in he headset . maverick what 's the range , Goose . I have get a good tone . viper jink but maverick stay with he . viper be in the diamond , and the tone goe crazy . but suddenly .... goose two bogy ! Three o'clock high , nine o'clock high ! break ! they come out of nowhere , flash down toward maverick -- a crossfire ambush . maverick 's eye be startle . jester atoll on the northern F - 14 . he be out of the fight .. maverick be stunne . he have be trick , humiliate . there 's a little salt for the wound as viper and jester celebrate . viper walked right into it . jester not only that , but zorro got you wingman . nice go . goose the defense department regret to inform you that you son be dead because they be stupid ! slap he helmet like a dolt ... viper knock off the chatter , top gun . let' rtb . viper have the lead . 80 . int . locker room - day silence . several pilot in various form of undress . maverick and Goose sit with they head down , a hangdog expression on they face . 81 . int . dirty dan be - a bar - later maverick mope at the bar , a figure come up behind he . viper ya know , that be the best fly I have see since nam ... ( he grin ) ... right up to that part where you get kill . viper sit down . he 's in a jovial , taunting mood . maverick watch he guardedly . viper twenty year ' experience , I could not shake you . you may be a great flyer . I mean that . maverick I lose . viper of course you do . I say a great flyer , not a smart one . you fly reckless . great instinct . no discipline . that ambush today , you follow you emotion instead of you wingman . of course you get kill ... and well deserve to . it be a really stupid mistake . in battle , it get people kill . maverick nod and stare at he beer . maverick I can take care of myself . viper talent be no holy shield . von richtofen be kill by a farm boy . instinct be not enough . do it we way . we have work this thing out . the good pilot can become better and the great one can learn how to stay alive . ( he study he for a moment ) why do you have to do everything the hard way ? maverick it 's my own way . it work for I . I do not care about the rest of that stuff . viper then why be you here ? maverick for the same reason you be . viper oh , you mean the thrill ! maverick the fly . the fight . I would go up there ten time a day to fight . I would win at least nine of they . that 's all I want to do . it 's what I do best . I be real good . just give I the jet . viper study he , viper it 's not a gift , just a loan ... he finish he beer , then rise . viper nine out of ten be okay , as long as it 's only fun and game . but this be not about that . this be serious business . it be dangerous up there ! at 500 knot , thing can change a lot in a second . discipline be what protect we . he signal the bartender and drop some money on the bar . he stretch , look around . viper it be a good day . you learn something . you lose and you be still alive to think about it . and , you lose you wingman . that 's a cardinal sin ... do not ever do it again . you owe Hollywood a apology and you owe I a beer . viper touch maverick 's shoulder as he move away . it be just the gesture maverick need , for he seem to relax from he tension . he sip he beer alone . 82 . int . san diego airport - night maverick and Goose move through the terminal , anxious / expectant look on they face . goose Relationships be a bitch , here . it 's hard enough to concentrate ... under the pressure . have a woman here be ask for it . maverick I guess that 's what I be do , then . goose where do you find the time ? where do you find the energy . it 's tough enough to keep you mind on school . a woman here be a real pain in the ... a pretty woman emerge from the crowd and spot they first . she rush they , happily , carry she sleepy four - year - old , ricky . Goose undergoe a immediate change , beam a big smile that he have practice on she for year . she set down the kid . goose ...butt ... hi , honey , God , be I glad to see you ! I miss you . Goose wrap he arm around Carol , smack , a kiss . she smile at maverick , turn back to Goose . carol I have to come , willard , I get so lonesome I just could not stand it . goose sure , honey , I understand . it 's great to see you . hey where 's you backseater , where 's the world 's smallest rio .. he look all around and then down at the kid , hide shyly behind he mother 's skirt . Goose grab up the kid and zoom he around , a game they have play before , every six month or so . the kid laugh happily . maverick just sort of smile to himself and shake he head . 83 . omitted 84 . a pool ( or beach ) maverick come to the surface . she enter frame by the side of the pool . she hand he a split fresh pineapple . he eat it in the most salacious manner possible . he 's so content , he 's babbling . maverick food ...and you ...my F - 14 ! charlie in that order ? maverick well no ... inverse order . charlie I be still second best . maverick you ever fly a F - 14 ? ( she laugh . ) charlie I do not fly in anything that do not show movie . he get out , grab a towel , move over to some chair . his flight suit be drape over one . he move it to sit down . maverick ahhh , you would love it . night carrier landing ! the most dangerous thing you can think of ! ... next to you ... and the most exciting . you be live at one hundred and ten per cent . greatest high in the world ... charlie danger ? maverick ( of course ) . yeah ! charlie do not it ever bother you ? maverick why , what 's gonna happen ? his flight suit slip onto the ground . Charlie retrieve it . as she lift the suit , something fall out of the pocket . look like a gold coin . she pick it up . maverick be drying he hair . she hold the object out to he , question . he see it , quickly take it , stuff it back into he pocket . maverick lucky charm . charlie what do you take I for ? it 's a navy Cross . maverick just good luck . charlie where would you get it . maverick pawn shop . what 's to eat ? he root through a picnic basket . 84a . montage - preflight activity viper ( v.o. ) ... mig sweep over the water . you will proceed down the one - seven - zero degree radial look for mig . you will engage all that you find , destroy they , and return to base . maverick , have the lead . any question ? all right , let 's go . move like you have get a purpose .... 85 . ext . cloud cover - 20,000 ft . - day four F - 14 's fly in formation over the Pacific , search for ( mig ) . they spot they , engage . the combatant fly scissor pattern , slashing past each other , angle for position . we hear the voice of combat from the plane , a barrage of information exchange between pilot and rio 's . maverick and Ice swoop close together on each other 's wing -- move on each other , testing , they glance at each other and nod . the challenge ... the fight be on . suddenly a F -5 rise up out of the cloud in front of they -- Ice have the advantage and roll in on he . ice engaging bandit 12 o'clock . maverick shit !! the F - 5 see he pursuer . go into a hard leave . ice mig be in a left . mig be in a lefthand . i'm engaging . Ice struggle against the G 's to bring he nose to bear . they go around into a lufbery - - a tight circle , Ice have the advantage . he be closer to the F - 5's tail than the F - 5 be to he . but he can not close , can not line up the shot . he grunt and strain as the G force push he down . maverick come off right --come off high -- I 'm in --i'll engage . ice stay where you be . he's mine . i'm engaged . i'm in . maverick maneuver close to they leave circle . ice get out of there , you're unsafe . get out of there . maverick FIRE , or clear out , ice . ice get lost ! maverick you got too much nose to tail -- i'm coming in . ice it's my shot . maverick come off --come off right . i'm on my way in . you go free , i'm engaging . ice stay out of it . stay out of it , maverick . maverick you can't shoot he , I can . i'm in . maverick - above . maverick ice , roll off , I can shoot he . ice no , no , no , he's mine . maverick be pull a log of G 's , but can not target he weapon , he continue to turn in a hard circle , go round and round without gain . he can not bring he nose to bear . maverick if you can't shoot he , I can . ice no , I got he . I can take he . Ice stay . maverick coming in . maverick dive down between the two plane pull 6.5 G 's , expose he underside to Ice . all Ice see be belly . obviously , in this attitude maverick can not see he . ice ( under breath . ) sonofabitch . he slam the stick hard right in toward maverick . Ice quickly roll up right , in front of he . ice look out ! maverick see he flash into he view . he have to slam the stick forward to avoid collision . he swing by real close . too close . goose oh , no ! they pass through Ice 's turbulence . the blast distort the airflow to maverick 's leave engine . boomboomboom . the engine flame out . full thrust on the right , engine swing the tail around in a yaw . maverick slam the stick right to correct but too late . goose plane 's coupling up ! plane 's coupling up ! the plane couple one yaw to the next -- the tail swing around -- which become a ever increase flat spin , like a out - of - control frisbee . goose this be not good !... ( rising panic ) we be low ! maverick be pin to the instrument panel by centrifugal force , desperately try to reach back for the ejection lever -- but be fall short by about a foot . maverick I be pin to the panel . goose time to go . maverick I can not eject . the plane be spin ever faster , out of control . he drop the gear . still spin . Goose be closer to center of spin-- G force be less . he reach behind he for the eject handle , start the eject sequence . goose 3000 foot . I will do it . maverick go ahead . I can not reach . 2000 foot ! 85a . boom - a hurricane of wind and noise the canopy blast away -- but be hold spin above the cockpit by the vortex of the sink jet . Goose glance up at it . goose 1000 . maverick let 's go . eject . Goose yank the ejection handle . thing happen in a split second . Goose be fire up and out by the rocket under he seat . almost instantly he impact the spin canopy . a sicken crunch . the canopy be knock away . maverick be slam back in he seat as the ejection seat strap wind up . he be blasted out of the plane just before it spin in . 85b . tight on maverick as he tumble in slow motion he 's in shock .. the loud thumping of he heart , labor breathe , a scream that stay in he mind . instinctively , he grope for strap . he release the pilot seat , it tumble away . his chute stream , balloon open , snap he body like a bullwhip . he drift momentarily , then plunge into the sea . 85c . underwater his face , distort in the water ; wild eye , disorient , choke for air . he reach out , find nothing to grab . suddenly , he be yank hard to the side . 85d . surface the parachute be catch by the wind , and drag , pull maverick along beneath the surface . he be twist in the water , turn over and over , try desperately to slip out of the tangle strap . he finally hit the surface of the water and suck air into he lung . with the end of he strength , he hit the release snap and break free from the parachute . it whip away like a kite in a typhoon . the sea be choppy and rough . he struggle as he equipment drag he under . he twist , find the inflatable raft attach to he harness . maverick pull the cord , and the raft hiss open . he pull he body into the six - by- two foot raft and collapse , completely exhaust . the survival have be almost without think : a instinctual physical struggle . 85e . twilight maverick begin to focus on the situation . he stain the water with dye , then see another parachute float nearby . paddle to the parachute , he reach over the side and begin to pull on the heavy cord that be submerge in the water . a great struggle . the weight be extremely heavy . finally , he pull a body to the surface . Goose . Goose be dead . maverick release the parachute and pull Goose into the raft on top of he . he hold Goose in he arm . his mind shut down again . from high above the ocean , we see the debris on the water . a oil slick , piece of honeycomb titanium , and the small , helpless figure in the raft . dissolve to : 86 . ext . ocean - night searchlight skim over the black ocean . a brilliant light flash as maverick pop a pencil flare . helicopter blade flick powerfully . the light of the chopper descend toward the wreckage area , scan the debris , search for life . the spotlight find maverick and Goose in the raft . the draft from the chopper churn the water . a frogman drop from the chopper and hit with a heavy splashes . he surface and swim to the raft as a rescue harness be lower . maverick watch curiously as he start to examine Goose . he hug Goose closer and look threaten . frogman let he go , sir . take it easy . he try to pry Goose free , but maverick have a death grip on the body . frogman Sir ! let he go . it 's all right . let he go . maverick glare at the man as he bob in the water . another long moment , then maverick release Goose . the frogman quickly strap maverick into the harness . he Pov . - he watch the lifeless body in the water as he be pull up and away . he shiver from the cold . 87 . int . hospital room - night extreme close on maverick 's face . he be emotionless . his eye be flat and absolutely without expression . there be complete silence in the room . then we hear the quiet , calm , probing voice of viper . viper how do you feel ? maverick all right . viper Goose be dead . maverick I know . I be there . not one sign of emotion from maverick . not one tone of expression . we see viper now , and he face be strain from a very long day . viper if you fly jet long enough , something like this happen to you . no one escape it . it touch we all . maverick look at viper , and he eye be very disturb . maverick he be ... my responsibility -- my rio . viper my first squadron in Vietnam , we lose eight out of eighteen plane . ten guy . the first one kill you , but there will be other -- you can count on it . no reaction from maverick . he can not quite face up to that reality right now . viper you have get to put he in the box . maverick be watch viper , but he do not have anything to say . 88 . ext . charlie' sportscar - night the radio play John Lennon ; " stand by I " . maverick open he eye , do not know where he be for a moment . charlie ... they say you be alright . maverick I be fine . charlie this be it , then . maverick what ? charlie the dark side . the price you pay for all the fun you be have . you know about it , of course . do not you ? maverick he be a friend of mine . a good guy ... great guy . it be my fault . charlie that 's not what I hear . maverick I be fly ... my responsibility . charlie that 's what you get flight pay for . maverick maybe I should not take it . charlie ( in surprise ) why ? you act like you do not know one day this would happen . maverick not to I . charlie you know it . you all do . it 's part of it . maybe the most important part . 88a . on the beach - night and fog Charlie 's car pull up . they get out and walk down toward the water . maverick seem daze . she be softly taunting . maverick where be we ? charlie where be we ? you know where we be . it 's call the beach . it 's where life first crawle up out of the sea . I come here sometimes ... when I feel like crawl back in . maverick you do not have to do this . charlie do what , show you a good time ? maverick I be not good company . I should be alone . charlie I do not think so , but if that 's what you want ... they stand there , not make a move . maverick no . charlie what do you want ? maverick I want it back . charlie what ? maverick yesterday . she turn , nod out , past the moon . charlie you look way out there . out past the date line . West become East , all thing change . you cross the line ... today become yesterday ... or tomorrow , I forget which . maverick that 's what I want . charlie of course the line 's just imaginary . you can cross it twenty time ... nothing really change . she turn and walk along the surfline . charlie on the beach ... it 's what they say when navy man retire ... he 's " on the Beach " . I always like that . I have a picture ... in my head ... all this old guy wander around here , look out into the past . he walk to the surf , kick the sand with he bare foot . maverick if we know then , what we know now , we might never have come up out of there . he turn to she . she just look at he . charlie you do not believe that . maverick hardly ever . charlie only when you be depressed . then it pass . maverick it do . charlie everything pass . immutable law of the Universe . he pick up a piece of flotsam , a twig , wear smooth . charlie this too ... shall pass . you put as much life as you can between it and you . you start pile up experience between then and now . he turn and walk . maverick what do you do when you come here ? charlie I sit . I think . I play game . maverick what kind of game ? charlie I like to play " reality " . she stop and turn . maverick how do you play reality . charlie it 's strip reality , actually , like what the pilot always want to play . maverick ( this get a small laugh ) Strip reality ! how do you play that ? charlie it 's like strip poker , only , without the bluff . ( he laugh again ) one person say something and if the other one accept that it 's true , the one who say it , get to take one item of clothing off . maverick you be crazy . ( she stop , he go on , softer ) that 's a pretty silly game . charlie not as silly as some . you know the silliest one ? ... that we be god . that we control event on the beach ... that we can turn back time ... she move in close . charlie want to play the game ? maverick how do it go ? charlie you say the truth . ( a beat ... ) go ahead . do not be afraid . you want to win the game , do n'tcha ? maverick what truth ? charlie the big one . the one that 's most on you mind . a long pause ... it come hard . maverick Goose be dead . charlie ( she nod ) true . maverick now ? charlie take something off . maverick off I or off you ? charlie that 's up to you . he take the ribbon from she hair . it fall down over she face and shoulder . now it 's she turn . charlie it 's dangerous ... what you do . he nod . she slowly loosen he tie and pull it from around he neck . maverick it be my fault . she say nothing , stand look into he eye . he slowly , as if in a trance , take she blouse off . charlie you can not bring he back . she take off he shirt . maverick it be my fault . he start to reach for she . she pull back . charlie nope . already use that . she turn and think for a moment , look at the moon . charlie you life go on . Rather than struggle he T shirt over he head , she grab it with both hand . she lean in close and bite it . she grab both side of the tear and slowly rip it off he body . maverick what do it mean ? charlie ( shake she head no ) that be not fair . it be a question . penalty round ! she drop she skirt . charlie you do not mean it . you do not think . you would do anything to take it back . maverick that 's three . charlie and that 's one ! she unbuckle he belt , slowly slide it off . she unzip he pants , they fall . maverick one more . charlie you watch . she unbuckle it . maverick you owe I one . he rest he head on she shoulder , unhook she bra . she shrug it off . they stand on the beach in short and bikini bottom , look into each other 's eye . charlie look like a tie . maverick who 's gonna win ? charlie we will say it together . on the count of three ... one ...two ... lean in , softer and harder ... they both jump the gun . bothtogether I love.ove y.you . they embrace madly and sink to the sand . from the distance it look like a strange slithering creature crawl back to the sea . 89 . int . goose's room - night the light be out in Goose 's room at the bachelor officer ' quarter . the door open , and maverick enter . he set a cardboard box on the bed . silently , maverick gather together Goose 's few personal possession . he fill the box with clothes , book , a clock , a radio , a walkman , and article from the bathroom . he examine each closely , like a artifact ... as if he might find some message or meaning in they . he fumble they into the box . he can not see too well , he eye be full of tear . maverick close the box and carry it to the door . he take one last glance around , then leave and close the door behind he . 89a . int . boq reception area * Carol and the kid , stand , stare at a silent tv . Carol look daze , lose . maverick walk in , find she . a awkward silence while they both try to think of something to say . maverick hand the box to Carol . 90 . omitted 89b . close up - maverick . he sit stare right through we ... the thousand - yard stare . a strange white unreal light wash over he . the only color , the navy and gold of the stripe on he shoulderboard . a low rumbling mumble filter through the hiss of surf or fan or something ... snatch of low whisper conversation .... disregard of ... basic air -safety principle ... too aggressive ... incident .... 29 July ... within performance parameter ... disciplinary action ... tactical doctrine .... even reckless at time ... conjecture ... unsupported ... benefit of the doubt ... maverick 's eye slowly focus . the light attenuate . the surround image become denser . thing become real . 89c . int . conference room - day - maverick Pov a board of inquiry , a commander and other navy officer seat behind table at the front of the room . maverick face they , wear dress white . viper be also present . the Commander look at each of the officer . they each nod , in turn , indicate readiness . the Commander turn to maverick , and state for the record : cdr . the board of inquiry find that Lt. Evan Mitchell be not at fault in the accident of twenty - nine July . no response from maverick , one way or the other . viper study he face with concern . cdr . Lt. Mitchell 's record will be clear of this incident . still no response from maverick . cdr . Lt. Mitchell be restore to flight status without further delay . this proceedings be close . maverick do not respond . 91 . int . maverick room - night maverick lie on he bunk and stare at the ceiling . the phone next to he bed be ringing . it ring EIGHT or nine time , then stop . he make no move to reach for it . 92 . through 95 . omitted 94a . int . cockpit - F - 14 on flight line maverick sit in the cockpit stare at the control while the ground crew prep the aircraft for flight . Coogan help he strap in . he speak solicitously to maverick . it be unheard over the jet noise and radio babble . maverick look at the cockpit as if it 's a strange territory , suddenly foreign to he . he grab the stick like it 's some peculiar talisman . he turn and look aft . he seem surprised that it move the control surface in the tail . 96 . int . f- 14 - day fungus bogey at ten o'clock low . you 've got the angle -- piece of cake . maverick check ten o'clock low . he be disturb . he try to make the move , but he be a man with no secret : he be afraid . fungus engage , maverick - anytime . the bogey abruptly turn into he . maverick hesitates . then suddenly , he jerk the stick hard right and take the F - 14 away from the bogey at great speed . fungus be startle . fungus what ? where 're you --hey , where in the hell be you go ? maverick didn 't ... ahhh ... look good . fungus what do you mean ? it doesn't get to look much better than that ? maverick no . no good . 96a . int . flight line - day jester walk up to viper who wait near a F - 5 . jester he just will not engage . he can not do it , skipper . he can not get back on the horse . viper it 's only be a week . keep send he up . jester I have see this before . viper so have i. jester some guy never get it back . he walk off . 97 . through 102 . omitted 103 . int . locker room - immediately after maverick grab he stuff out of the locker , throw they in a bag . he glance up as fungus enter , continue to pack . fungus what be you do ? maverick save they some paperwork . fungus since when do you care about paperwork ? maverick walk away . fungus hesitates , then follow he . fungus if I could fly like you I would have everything I want . if I could fly at all . I can not fly . I can not fly like that . nobody can . whatever it be , you have get it ! maverick not anymore . fungus so , you be scared -- so what ? you ever get a good look at I in the back seat , I be goddamn terrify . grabbing the suitcase , maverick brushes past jester and walk up the corridor . jester and fungus watch he go . fungus go to the phone . 104 . ext . san diego airport - night Charlie park she car , jump out , and run toward the main entrance to the terminal . 105 . int . terminal Charlie hurry through the crowd , bump past people , search frantically for maverick in the huge terminal . she move past bench after bench , and she eye flick in all direction . a quick glance at the souvenir shop , the coffee shop , and then she head for the bar . maverick be there , sit alone in a booth with he suitcase beside he , stare into a drink . Charlie compose herself , then walk to the booth and sit down across the table from he . maverick do not look pleased . charlie never like fighter pilot anyway . he look up try to be angry , but he can not help it , she make he laugh . maverick you come to the right place . the waitress come up . maverick what be you have ? turn to the waitress . charlie I will have what he 's have ... hemlock , be it ? the waitress depart . he try not to smile , but can not help it . charlie you be not gonna say goodbye ? maverick I be , later . charlie Long distance ? I would not do that to you . I would at least talk to you . maverick I do not want to see you . I mean , I do ... but I do not .. charlie I know exactly what you mean . maverick how could you ? charlie I have get a gift just like you do . my gift be I just know what people mean , even if they can not say it . it help when you be try to communicate with fighter pilot . like what you just say be " I be embarrassed , I feel I have do something wrong , that I have fail , and I do not think I can live up to the expectation of a wonderful interesting , intelligent woman like yourself . " that about it ? maverick ( laugh ) ... something like that . charlie and I be gonna sneak off , and be by myself for awhile , like until I can think of a new career ... hotel management or something ... maverick Big talk for someone who 's never be shot off she computer . charlie hey , I never say I be a fighter pilot ... I never claim to think it be fun to be shot off the end of a ship in a storm . I can find contentment in a good book . I do not have to roar by someone at Mach two with my hair on fire . sometimes ... I just get happy be with the right man . maverick I hope you find he . charlie I think I have ... I could be wrong . I have be before . just remember one thing . if you be not top gun , if you be not fight jet , you be not gonna be able to act like a fighter pilot ... you be gonna have to act like the rest of we . you be gonna have to master humility . for you guy , that 's the toughest maneuver of all . she get up ... lay a bill out for the drink ... charlie so long , sailor . see you on the beach sometime . she swing away . her wake suck in the stare of every man in the place . then they look over to maverick , quick flick of envy in they eye . he stare they back and can not quite meet they eye . 106 . ext . beach at viper' house - later viper be tug down the beach by a three year old kid . they come across one creature who 's have a bad night ... viper spot he , he spot viper , and viper move toward he . Tim , viper 's kid , want to head for the sea and pull he father in that direction . he stop , put he hand on he hip like he 's see the pilot do . tim dad ... of all the aminal in the ocean , which one 's the baddest ? viper I do not know , Tim . you will have to ask they . viper turn to the creature , maverick , and shrug . viper run in the family ... maverick stand up . maverick skipper , sorry to bother you . viper no bother . maverick I call you house . viper my wife 's house . maverick she say you take you kid to the each . every second Sunday . Zoo or beach or the ballgame . y'have the option ... ( maverick think for a beat . segues to the question ... ) what about I ? viper turn , they stroll together . viper we can send you back to you squadron with nothing note on you record except " cnc " -- course not complete , no explanation require . theoretically , it do not hurt you career , but people always wonder about thing like that . maverick or .... viper or you can quit . maverick I do not know ... viper I do not know either . that 's why I tell jester to prepare you papers . maverick look irritate . viper stop at a icecream vendor and order three with a gesture . maverick you have already make up you mind . viper it 's no disgrace , kid . that spin be hell . it would wreck anyone 's confidence . you could be a good pilot again someday ... maverick ( start to get he back up ) you think I should quit ?! viper I do not say that . that 's up to you . but I have responsibility for the other guy up there , not just you . they need to know you be all right ... that they can depend on you . the vendor hand they icecream , they take it . maverick here , let I get this . we will be even . he reach into he pocket for change , come out with a handful . slam it on the counter , star pick the proper change out . viper spot something and reach for it ... maverick see and try to block it , but viper come up with the navy Cross . maverick lucky charm . but viper recognize it for what it be . viper sometimes it 's luck , but in this case , he earn it ... I serve with you old man . maverick I know . viper vf 51 , the oriskany . you remind I of he . you be just like he be , only better ... and worse . maverick I be nothing like he . viper you may not think so , but you be . maverick he be by the book , all the way . viper they wave he off . he think he know better . he hit the ramp . maverick I never hear that . viper not something they tell dependent . maverick it 's not true . viper look at he , for a long beat , throw he icecream away . viper why would I lie ? he turn , walk away . maverick stand there for a moment , think , then catch up to he , stop he ... struggle with the think ... as viper break in ... viper you start on a wrong head ... the more you stick to it , the further you get from you target . a good pilot always question himself , always question he judgment , stay alert for drift and make the correction ... you may find a little discipline help with the fear . you do not have to be alone up there . a pause ... quiet intensity . maverick how can I go on ? I feel so ... responsible . viper kid , the plain fact be ... you be . I be not gonna stand here and blow sunshine up you ass . technically , they absolve you . you and I know what really happen . you push it . you be responsible and you ' will always carry that . you know what , I will carry it too . I should have take you out of that cockpit . I guess I be a hopeless romantic ... I always try to find something worthwhile in someone 's death . it 's no trade - off . it 's not one for one . what you learn be not worth he death . it could not be . but maybe there be some value in it . I know it 's the first thing I have ever see that 's really get to you . now the question be , what will you do with it . if it get you out of flight status ... so you do not kill yourself or anybody else ... that 's good . that 's one good thing . you be a accident wait to happen . maverick you think I should not fly . viper I do not say that . that 's up to you . I think that if you do , if you choose to come back , you will be a better pilot ... a better man . maverick would you take I back ? would they ? viper I will have to think about it . I do not know about they . I do know one thing , we have get a lot invest in you . we would hate to lose it . even more than that other guy , Naval Aviation need a very few , very good man . 107 through 114 . omitted 115 . int . top gun office loud rock and roll . the graduation ceremony be in full swing ... they consist of informal ribbing , laugh , and a lot of talk with the hand . every now and then , the name Goose come up and a shadow pass across a face . for the most part , they press on , have a good time . fungus shrug at someone 's question and look around . fungus I do not know where he be ... pork what be he plan ? fungus I do not know . Ice stand proudly hold the top gun plaque as other congratulate he ... Hollywood look up as the door open , maverick be there . he look uncomfortable , unsure . he see Ice with the plaque . fungus move over to he , bring he in . fungus I be glad . wolfman good to see you , man . one by one , they come over , shake he hand . viper stand there , look pleased but gruff . maverick walk over , shake he hand . the party start to pick up . a real celebration , now . jester enter , a sheaf of message in he hand . he take viper aside for a word . viper nod at he . the group 's attention gradually swing onto they . they quiet down instinctively . viper finally turn to they . viper gentlemen , you know how I hate to break up this party before it have a chance to get really out of hand ... ( more serious ) ... but there 's a major flap on . hollywood we be be call back ? viper you be on you way . do not bother go to boq . you bag be pack . he hand they order . someone turn the music back up ... as they shake hand all around , the music grow , become purer as the background voice drop out . 115a . tight on maverick be eye widen out - to include he helmet . stereo headphone from he walkman carry the same music from the party as he sit in the cockpit and stare at the grey water rush under . he sit in he tomcat on ready 5 alert . in the back , fungus play a hand computer game - jet attack . 116 . ext . USS kitty hawk - somewhere at sea maverick 's tomcat sit wait for a launch order on the forward catapult . 116a . angle - maverick he go over the briefing in he mind ... stinger 's voice break through the music . : stinger ( v.o. ) ... navy oceanographic ship ... international water ... fire upon ... unknown force ... 117 . int . ready room - USS kittyhawk - moment before in full flight gear , sixteen team of fighter pilot and rio 's pay close attention to the squadron CO , stinger . stinger ...by unknown force ... by migs. we do not know who they be . all I know be that it 's we ship , and we order be to escort it out of the area . stinger circle a area on the map . 117a . tomcat on the deck - maverick he study he copy of the same map , heading and vector pencill in . stinger ( v.o. ) this be " bullseye " . a rescue operation be to begin within the hour . you mission be to give air support to that rescue . there be mig in the area , and tension be high . if you witness a hostile act you will return fire . we will be cover 360 degree of the compass by section . be prepare for anything . 117b . int . ready room stinger be speak to individual pilot . slider Ice and Hollywood , sector two . he turn to maverick who stand nearby . slider and maverick . you will back they up , on ready five . 117c . close on he face a moment 's disappointment pass so fleetingly , you hardly see it . maverick yessir . as the aircrew file out , tense but excited . 118 . ice and hollywood fly together at ten thousand feet they eye search the horizon , while slider and wolfman watch they instrument . ice mustang , this be voodoo one , we be on station . the two jet streak across the sky . 118a . int . cockpit suddenly , there be blip on the radar scope . hollywood contact . two bogey 20 right . at 12 mile , close . 118b . int . cockpit - there Pov two mig fly low to the deck . hollywood tally ho . two mig at two o'clock low . 118c . the mig suddenly pull vertical , streak straight up . 118d . ice and hollywood watch carefully . hollywood what be you intention , boy ? ice they 're just hasseling . let' work they out of the area . wolfman i've got two more bogey coming in at four o'clock high . hollywood got ' em . 118e . the four mig join together in a box formation , begin to circle the area . hollywood two more -- two more contact . 2 - 7 - 0 at 10 mile . we need some help here , mustang . ice mustang , we have four mig in the area of bullseye . request you launch the alert 5 for support . 119 . deck - kitty hawk maverick sit in he tomcat on the catapult on ready alert , listen to the message traffic . he get a launch order , turn to the lso . the lso salute , maverick salute and flip he the bird . the lso drop to the deck . maverick be slam back as the F - 14 be fire off the deck and rocket into the sky . cca ( v.o. filter ) roger , voodoo . 120 . ext . sky - hollywood and ice the two mig cross in a scissor pattern in they path ... a provocation ... they join together again and fly level at ten thousand foot . one of the mig do a sudden canopy roll . hollywood very fancy ! boom ! a flash ! suddenly , out of nowhere , Hollywood 's hit . wham ! just that fast , he 's hit and go down . his f- 14 disappear into the cloud . ice wood ! wood , acknowledge ! Ice put he nose down and follow he . ice voodoo one , mustang . voodoo three be hit . go down . will attempt sar . he come out of cloud at 1500 , nothing but empty water below . ice do you have they ? do they get out or not ? slider ( confusion ) no contact . I do not know . 121 . ext . maverick be F - 14 maverick voodoo , ghost rider one . i'm on the way . wait for me. 122 . the sky - mig and tomcat circle slider they got wolf , they got wood . they got they .. ice mustang , ghost rider . permission to FIRE . strike ( v.o. ) ghost rider , this be mustang . permission to FIRE . permission to FIRE . ice roger . engaging . I have the lead . 122a . int . maverick be F - 14 fungus let 's go ! dive on that bastard ! maverick hesitates . fungus come on , man , engage . this be it . get you nose in there . maverick hesitates again . he see the hornet 's nest below ; plane all over the sky . fungus bandit at seven o'clock low -- solo . take he . pull on the goddamn stick , man ! maverick okay , okay . fungus do not tell I okay . do it ! maverick draw a breath , then force himself to pull the stick over . the F - 14 roll in hard toward the battle . suddenly , the cluster break apart . the mig break in every direction as maverick blast through they formation . something come up through the cloud . a mig blast by . another roll in and lock onto they . the mig swarm toward the tomcat , come from every direction . cannon FIRE erupt from one of the mig . maverick maverick emgaged . hard left , ice , padlock the eastern section . the F - 14 's execute a leave oblique turn in unison . they come down in a section attack with they cannon blaze . from maverick 's cockpit , everything look choppy : mig slide past at incredible speed . cannon blast , as the plane scramble for position . out-numbered four to two , maverick and Ice fight defensively . maverick have the angle on a mig , when fungus spot a missile launch . fungus break left ! break left ! chaff ! flare ! maverick breaking left ! maverick release a flare as he take the F - 14 into a hard leave . the missile track the heat of the flare and sail out of the area , miss the tomcat and fall toward the sea . ice two mig on my tail , maverick . i'm defensive . maverick jerk he stick right and streak toward Ice . he cut off one of the mig with cannon FIRE , drive it down toward the deck . Ice go into vertical and come around to gain a angle on the other mig . his rio be in position to check mav 's rear . slider maverick ! six o'clock ! maverick turn to look and jerk a hard leave . the mig be on he , cannon blazing . Ice yo yos inside and cut the mig off . ice fox one . he fire a sidewinder . the mig turn hard , the missile sail away . slider bandit , three o'olock high ! Ice 's F - 14 be suddenly catch in a hail of cannon FIRE as a mig sweep down from three o'clock . he break , dive . the jet streak across the sky , low to the deck , skim the surface . fungus ice' defensive , help he out . maverick 's F - 14 rollaways in and intercept the bogey on Ice 's tail . maverick reverse right . Ice turn right , the mig bug and jerk into vertical . maverick swoops after he . fungus stay with he . you six be clear . maverick close , jerk leave , right , twist and turn , stay on he tail . 122b . maverick cockpit fungus one on our six ! bug out ! bug out ! bullet fly by maverick 's F - 14 from the mig on he six . he pull a hard leave , then take the plane straight up . we hear instruction shout by fungus , but it be all obscure in the sound and FURY of the battle . maverick peel over the top and come down like a comet . a series of pass at the mig . as they come by , one of the mig pull up , maverick okay , go up . ice , go high . ice look out ! they look up . a mig 21 be come down , belly to they , close to a mid-air collision . maverick jesus ! he push down . the mig roar by . the whole airplane go " booommmm " it 's that close . fungus ohhhhh shit ! the shock , the air pressure slam they as it go by , miss by 4 - 5 foot . maverick pull back in , see a mig 21 below . it take off , bugging out . Ice go after he . the mig maneuver , jerk hard leave , hard right , twist up , down . Ice be right in he shadow . they come in hard and low over the sea . he have the mig in the diamond . ice good tone , fox one the mig start turn . ice ah nut ! the missile go by the tail . ice Son of a bitch ! then he tail come off , the airplane go over , a chute come out . the mig explode into a thousand small piece . they roar by the mig pilot hang in he strap . slider jesus ! hey splash one , splash one bandit ! splash that sucker ! maverick I got one here . on the nose . coming down . Rolling down on he , good sidewinder tone . the mig's sense he , they break , one guy down low . ice on the nose ? maverick got ' em . got good tone . he squeeze the trigger . 123 . ext . the missile start to go the vapor trail come off , the mig 21 turn like he 's be bounce off a rubber wall , come around on the missile , beat it . the missile fly by he . maverick ah , shit ! goddamn it ! mig come back turn into he . fungus there's another one up there ! maverick I got one coming up . fungus and he's gunning . he look back . 30 millimeter tracers go by ; they just kind of float . he break , hit airbrake , the trail mig dive through . suddenly another mig appear , rocketing straight for he . they close at 900 knot -- vabooom !-- they pass nose to nose , canopy to canopy . both plane pitch straight up , try for the altitude advantage . maverick Zone 5 burner . the F - 14 outclimb the mig sit on its tail , full thruster , it rocket straight up , away from the planet . maverick have the advantage . suddenly , he F - 14 run out of energy . fungus be the first to call it . fungus we be ballistic ! ohhhhhh shit ! the plane back down on itself , back into its own smoke as it flip over , fall away ... he catch it , just regains control , when ... a roar . he look up . second mig come down . right on he . it fill the canopy ! instinctive - a push to miss he , maverick break fast down into he , a last ditch maneuver , and the airplane depart ... the roll rate and the pitch rate combine and it tumble over the top ; the airplane just go end - over -end . they be be slam and rattle all over the cockpit ... bone - jarring , neck -snapp whip . shriek and scream from the airframe . terrifly ? fungus ohhh mother ! maverick ( strangely calm ) goddamnit , mav , you really be a slow learner . do not worry , Fung , I have get it . fungus be get he tooth rattle . he 's helpless , he have no control , there 's nothing he can do but hold on . fungus do not worry !!!? you have got it !!? be you crazy ? maverick Roger , I have get it . the plane 's gyration be rattling fungus 's helmet off the canopy . fungus you have get it ? good ! Cause for a minute there , you have I worried . it yaw and roll , start into a spin . fungus now have you get it ? have you still get it ? maverick yawing right . fungus I know ! maverick rudder 's leave , stick 's forward . fungus swell ! pass ten thousand ! maverick I have get it -- hold on ! fungus pass 8 . pass 6 . lock you harness ! maverick I can recover . hold on ! they be in a progressive spiral , nose low . the altimeter unwind , speed pick up . the G force be force they away from the axis of spin , jam maverick against the instrument panel at the front of the cockpit . maverick you with I ? fungus , also , be jamme to he panel . fungus right behind you . he be closer to the center of spin and less strongly hold . it do not do much good , however , he can not control the plane . the only thing he can reach be the yellow and black loop ; the ejection handle . he reach for it . fungus speed 's up to 150 . fungus 's eye be wide . the earth grow larger as it rise towards they . G force flatten they . they have long since lose the mig . nobody but a idiot would try to follow they in this maneuver . fungus 5000 foot . speed two hundred . maverick okay . the earth grow larger . fungus 4500 . critical point . fungus grab the ejection handle with both hand . maverick no ! not again ! fungus what be you talk about , we gotta go ! maverick I be not lose it again ! the jet be stand on its nose , gain speed , plunging towards the ocean . fungus gotta go , man . maverick 280 , 290 , 300 knot . fungus 3,000 foot . we gotta go , man . 3,000 foot , we gotta go ! maverick you go . I be stay with it . fungus I be gonna go ! three ... two ... one ... then , just as suddenly , as he 's about to pull ... maverick catch it . the plane respond . they be out of the spin . he get control . fungus sit there dumbly , hand on handle . still not believe ... fungus one .... one .... one ... sea level maverick stop the tumble , pull the nose up quickly and the F - l4 sweep into level flight no more than a hundred foot above the deck . he come up and look right at Ice . Ice be down low . he come around , a mig - 21 all over he like a cheap suit . a flick , a whip , and maverick in perfect position , roll right in on the mig . fungus look like he just see Jesus . fungus what in the Christ ... be that ? he look at the mig target set - up in front of he in awe . fungus do you plan that ? be all that something you plan ? maverick 's acquire the target and be all business . maverick all right , ice . come hard starboard , then extend to the east . fungus be still lividly frazzle . fungus because ... if that be ... next time you tell I first . ice rog . maverick break down , Ice zoom up , break in and take the mig the other way . maverick yo yo 's in , come right up behind the mig , as the mig start acceleration . maverick roll in on Ice and the mig . maverick I got a winder left , but no good tone on it . ice I can't lose he , can you get off a shot ? maverick I got no tone . it might get you . ice what choice do I have ? shoot it . maverick when I shoot , you break left ..3.. 2 the mig fire . maverick he fire , break now ! Ice break leave , drop flare . the mig 's missile follow the flare . maverick fire . the missile do not twitch . it fly right up the tail pipe of the mig , the canopy fly off , the pilot come out of it , and then the mig blow up , we go right through the fire ball . vvvarrruoommm ! maverick he 's out ! we get he ! the mig roll into the ground ... kaboom ! they swoop by the pilot , hang in he strap ... he watch they , dumbly . fungus wave . fungus what a dope ! maybe they ' will give he another plane ... and we can shoot he down again . maverick and Ice join up , light it , stand on they burner and blast straight for the sun . maverick be F - 14 without warning , a triple roll , as the elation hit he . 125 . int . maverick cockpit fungus what be it ? what 's wrong ? fungus nervously look around at he circuit breaker . fungus be there something I should know ? maverick just relax . fungus be it the plane ? maverick the plane be fine . fungus be it you ? maverick yeah , I guess it be . we do it ! we do it ... damn ! we sure do it ! maverick hello mustang , this be maverick . i've got a message for stinger . strike ( v.o. ) roger , maverick . go ahead . maverick tell stinger maverick have good news and some bad news . the good news be that ice got a mig . the bad news be that maverick got two ! he look over at Ice . maverick I gotta have one . 126 . int . ice' cockpit slider we be low on fuel , Ice . Ice consider for a moment , then respond . ice I know . I know .... aw hell , let 's do it ! 127 . int . maverick cockpit fungus you be not suppose to ... maverick but I have to ! fungus then ... shit ! go ahead . I be right behind you . maverick mustang , this be maverick , request a flyby . 128 . pri - fly bridge - ( primary Flight Control ) USS kitty hawk the Air boss speak to maverick over the uhf . the Admiral , the xo and other officer watch and listen . AIR boss negative , ghost rider , the pattern full . maverick ( v.o. filter ) mustang , this be ghost rider . request a flyby for two . officer who be that guy ? admiral Mitchell ... xo ( surpress a grin ) ... like to break at 600 , ' stead of 300 knot . the Air boss hate he . one time , he come over the deck at two hundred , shake the shit out of the bridge . lifted Johnson right off he foot . 129 . int . maverick be F - 14 he glance over at Ice , who give he thumb up . maverick boss , you better clear it out , we're five minute out and we're do it ! 130 . int . pri -fly bridge the Admiral look out over the water and smile . maverick ( v.o. filter ) ten mile astern , boss . how about it ? the Air boss be livid . he clenches the mike . AIR boss mustang to ghost rider !... just then the Admiral pipe up . admiral Johnson ! AIR boss yes , Sir , Admiral ? admiral give he he flyby . the Admiral look at the other , try to surpress he own grin . he slide into he ( borrow ) command chair , look into the wind . on the back of the chair , a clue ; he name and rank : radm . buford clancy , " boomer " the AIR boss burn , but have no choice . AIR boss ( really piss off ) roger , ghost rider , you're clear . 131 . ext . kitty hawk day sailor line the deck and search the sky . they crane they neck from they battle station , sweat into the sun , watch for the approach of F - 14' . someone see it -- he point and shout . the F - 14 appear , and every man stand and cheer . 132 . Pov - we come scream in , 5 feet over the water , throw up rooster tail behind . we split off and zoom along each side of the carrier , at 100 foot and roll it . 133 . int . pri -fly bridge --vvvaaaaabboooom ! it lift the Air boss right off he foot . the wall warp , dust sift from the overhead . the whole tower just go boom ! AIR boss goddamn that guy ! " 134 . ext . flight deck they break at 500 knot . Ice be first down over the ramp , wave in . the F - 14 come in a little rocky . it bounce hard but grab the wire , then jerk to a sudden halt . the sailor cheer and applaud , throw fist of victory into the air , strain to get a look at Ice as the crew direct he plane off to the side . open the canopy , Ice and slider unstrap . stinger and the other be there . guy be climb up , climb all over the airplane . they be already painting a mig on the side , and they be look at Ice in awe . 135 . Pov - maverick - through the windshield - as he land he catch the wire , the view slam down toward the deck as the plane arrest , then come up ... he release the cockpit and can hear the roar of the crowd ... 136 . ext . flight deck he swing the nose around past Ice 's . Ice 's plane be cover in color jersey as the ground crew pull he out . maverick 's plane swing towards the pri -fly bridge . pilot in flightsuit pour from the deck hatch applauding ... 137 . he cut he engine as the ground crew swarm as maverick and fungus climb down , they see they wingment on the deck . Ice be look in maverick 's direction . his face be inscrutable . maverick get mobbed , but push over to Ice . they stare at each other for a moment , eye to eye even as they be buffete by the crowd . finally , Ice break ... a grin . ice I guess I owe you one . maverick you do not owe I anything . we be on the same team . ice you save we life . you do it ! maverick we do it . ice you be a hell of a flyer . ( he can not resist ) you can be my wingman any time . maverick ( laugh ) no . you can be mine ! now Ice laugh . nobody 's ever gonna win on this one . but Ice smile at he ... it 's now a run joke between they . ice whatever you say , Commander . he and slider snap to and proudly salute . maverick hesitates , then return it . as Ice and slider snap it off , it turn into the pilot 's salute , they give they the bird . maverick and fungus laugh and return the compliment . as they be mobbed by sailor , maverick be elate to see two familiar figure : Hollywood and wolfman turn from they battle damage tomcat on the forward elevator as it sink out of sight below deck . 138 . ext . flight deck fungus what happen to you ? wolfman he get we radio , and a engine . we be lucky to make it back . hollywood not luck . skill . another angle stinger rush up , grab Ice and maverick in a bear hug . stinger mig killer ! you name it , boy . Sky 's the limit . you name it . a medal . anything you want . anything . ice mig killer ! what else be there ? maverick grin , turn away from they . he he look out , at the die sun glint over the sea . he think how beautiful it be out here ! fungus grab he from behind . fungus you hear that ? anything we want . anything ... well ??? maverick well what ? fungus what do you want ? maverick what do I want ? fungus what do you want ? maverick ( he think . ) any more mig ? stinger shake he head no . stinger they do not seem to want to come up anymore . there 's nothing on the scope . in fact , everybody 's deny the incident ever happen . so ... what be it ? what do you want ? maverick turn away , consider the option . 139 . ext . flight deck - another angle another tomcat roll up to park nearby . he look at the plane . over the deck loudspeaker , come the final call to the F - 14 : lso ( v.o. filter ) ( a touch of sarcasm ) okay , gentlemen . you can CUT you engine ... you have arrive .... wwhhheeeezzzzeeerrrrruuuuummmmmmmmm ... as the engine fade , so doe the picture . fade in - week later 140 . ext . day - flight line miramar - topgun viper , jester and other walk out of hangar to watch a wing return . 141a . ext . miramar runway - day there Pov . suddenly a F - 14 break , roar in over the field invert , a hundred foot off the ground . 142 . flight line miramar - day jester who 's the hell be that ? viper Three guess . jester well , he 's in trouble and he do not even get here yet . jester look over at a admiral , who step out of a staff car , squint up at the swoop plane , turn , bark a order to he driver , jump in the car and slam the door , the car take off . 143 . ext . miramar runway - day - further down the runway mp jeep - light flash , pull out and head for the flight line . viper come on . they head for the hangar 144 . over the end of the runway the jet break at 500 knot and set down neatly on the tarmac . the rest of he flight follow in perfect formation . 145 . ext . miramar runway - day - maverick jet - pulling up he unbuckle he strap , take he helmet off . he look over at the approach caravan . fungus I think they know we be here . maverick let I do the talk . fungus oh , no . you do the fly , I will do the talk ! he stand up in the cockpit , give a snappy salute . fungus why Admiral .... how really good it be to see you ! maverick turn away . as he back down the step , a jeep screech up , door slam open , footstep . a voice who 's in charge here ? maverick I be . he 's answer automatically , but now it hit he . he know the voice . he turn . he Pov - charlie , hand on hip charlie not for long , you keep that up . he hop down , stand there speechless , grin happily at she . charlie well ? maverick well what ? charlie you get you F - 14 , you get top gun , you get you mig .... you be we new top gun instructor ... now what ? maverick oh ... I will think of something ... what be you do here ? charlie I live here , remember ? maverick right on the flight line ? he 's get she on that one . she laugh . charlie everybody 's get to be somewhere . maverick maybe you somewhere 's with I ... he put he arm around she . self - conscious , she pull away , a little embarrassed to show this on the flight line . he laugh . maverick that 's okay . I always look forward to a challenge . now she laugh back and put she arm around he . she kiss he and now she do not give a damn who see it . top gun chip proser Hollywood April 19 , 1985