" total recall " screen Story and screenplay by Ronald shusett and Dan o'bannon fifth revision by Ronald shusett and Steven pressfield ______________________________________________________________________________ " total recall " fade in : 1 ext . desert - day all we can see , fill the entire frame be a flame - orange sky ... almost like the sky from the burn of Atlanta in " go with the wind " . superimpose : presenter credit . pan down lower and lower until we see the terrain below ... the desert . there be no vegetation whatever , just sand and odd - shape rock formation . the air be fill with red dust , which alternately obscure and then reveal the image . camera move forward optically - enlarge the film grain in the process . slow disolve open credit begin . another shot of a barren landscape , once more with bizarre rock . Dust . sound of wind . camera move forward again . dissolve . another landscape , but this time , in the distance be some enormous plastic dome . sunlight strike they and reflect - ing cause brilliant rainbow . camera optically track toward the dome , see in tantalizingly indistinct fashion through the red dust . dissolve ... another angle , and , in the distance , on the horizon of the arid landscape be a huge sphinx - like structure . ( it be reminiscent of the egyptian sphinx , but both body and face , though gargoyle - like , be different in design . ) there be some large pyramid not far from the sphinx . camera move optically forward . dissolve . camera be much closer to the sphinx and be directly in front . it move ( combination of zoom and optical printer move ) towards the eye , which appear to be red gem . as camera approach one of the eye , it appear to be stain red glass , as in a temple . suddenly there be a terrific explosion and the glass shatter into million of fragment which hurtle toward the camera ... 2 int . catacomb below " sphinx " - day a man wear a lightweight thermal suit be running through this labyrinth of tunnel . the ground trembles under he , as if in a earthquake . we can not clearly make out he face , especially since he wear some kind of breathing apparatus over a portion of it . the surface of the tunnel 's " wall " be curious ; the wall be , again , bright reddish orange , and a composite of two different substance : rough - texture , clay-like material and red quartz , which glisten like crystal . the man throw a backward glance over he shoulder , fear - fully , as he run . his hand be splatter with blood . because of this , the red glow , the air of fear to the man , and the ground heaving and buckling , there be almost a satanic suggestion to the scene . suddenly , up ahead of the man , there appear a brilliant white light . he sees it , and run even faster towards it . we be almost up to the light , and we see hand reaching out of the light toward US ... that seem to beckon he to safety . abruptly , the entire screen goe red , but in reverse negative ; with yellow layover . ( so that all the image we see -- entire frame -- be small yellow area diffuse on a red background . ) it be much like look at a tableau make out of molten lava . superimpose MAIN title : total recall hold . dissolve to : 3 int . bedroom in SMALL apartment - morning douglas quail and he wife kristen , be asleep in bed . gradually the room light brighten . the clock chime and begin speak in a soft , feminine voice . clock ( sweetly ) tick , tock , seven o'clock . time to rise and open you eye . they do not budge . shortly , the clock chime again . clock ( continue ) tick , tock , seven - oh-one . time to get up , the day have begin . quail 's wife stir . maddeningly , the clock chime a third time . clock ( continue ) tick , tock -- quail reach out and shut the clock off . then he sit up in bed . he swing he leg out from under the cover and sit on the edge of the bed . he put on he glass and sit , lose in think . he be a good-look but conventional man in he early thirty . he seem rather in awe of he wife , who be attractive and rather off-hand towards he . kirsten pull on she robe , light a cigarette , sit fishing for she slipper . quail I dream about Mars again ... it be bizarre , yet be be so real ... kirsten ( casual ) it 's you time of the month again . quail look at she quizzically . kirsten ( continue ; world - weary air ) at least once a month . Douglas quail 's obsession . for twelve year you have be talk about Mars . quail people do go to Mars , you know . kirsten that 's right , Douglas . but not you . not we . quail look crestfallen . kirsten ( continue ; disdainful ) as it be , we can barely scrape by on you lousy ten thousand a week . she leave the room . he meditate on what she say , depressed . 4 int . kitchenette - morning quail and kirsten sit at a small table , eat breakfast . on the wall be project the front page of a newspaper . drink he coffee , quail study the wall with the air of a man who have he " node stick in a newspaper , " ignore he wife . the newspaper headline read : " rioting on mar over water tax . " his wife be read a different article : " four woman rape man in Park . " kirsten ( mumble ) what do they expect ... the way man dress this day ... then they scream rape . quail be absorb in he own paper and do not hear she . quail you know -- let 's really do it . kirsten rape man in the park ? quail no. go to Mars . kirsten ( wither ) go to hell . quail we can pool we savings and I have get some sick leave come , besides my regular vacation ... kirsten ( interrupt ; correct herself ) ... more of a half - wit . for a start a war could break out there any day ... she gesture toward the tv screen where martian police be keep protester behind a barrier . some have sign read " a free mar " , " down with cohaagen " , " earth - out " etc . quail that 's just media talk . they're ... ( indicate the protester ) ... just a minority . they be powerless . kirsten well , there 's a lot of thing we need around here before we waste we money on a trip to Mars . we be break . I be just a slave around this dump . now if you be capable of find a better job .... the kitchen clock chime and talk . clock it 's now eight . you will be late ! quail I will be late ! he jump up quickly from the table , pick up he coat and briefcase , kiss kirsten 's perfunctorily offer cheek and leave . 4a ext . CITY - early morning camera track with quail as he walk along the busy modern street towards a subway station . modern car ( out of focus ) pass noiselessly between the camera and quail . there be a plaintive tune be play on violin . quail pause and give a wad of note to the age violinist , then walk on briskly . 5 int . subway station - early morning quail enter the station . everybody must pass through a weapon check before proceeding to the platform . two armed guard stand at either side , as commuter pass through a electronic beam . on a screen , the entire body of each person be see in x-ray . all of they be clearly carry a gun in they inside coat pocket . guard no weapon again , Mr. quail ? quail I keep forget , herb . they frighten I . guard yeah ? well , it 's the law , Mr. quail . have be since 1990 they tell I . tomorrow - ya carry ya gun or ya get report . guard gesture to he associate . they have obviously be through this with quail before . quail okay . herb , okay . quail walk on to the track area . the train arrive . Signs above each approach car say " car full " , " room for 10 person " , etc . quail go to a carriage mark " new car " . 6 int . urban transit train - day the door open and the crowd surge on . quail grab a seat . at interval throughout the car be video monitor on which a news broadcast be show . newscaster ( v.o. ) -- more violence today from Mars 's strike - tear ore colony -- everyone ignore the broadcast -- except quail , who perk instantly at the word " Mars . " the newscaster be a young black man . newscaster ( continue ) ... but Earth Intelligence Operations director vilo cohaagen , clearly worried about the damage to Mars 's all important tourist industry be today dismissive of the dissident group .... tv scene switch to a press conference . cohaagen , sur - round by aide , step in front of a podium pack with news network microphone and camera . cohaagen be a strike , intense man with a obvious air of power . cohaagen we be deal with a bunch of extremist and unrepresentative lunatic . Mars be a happy and prosperous protectorate of Earth ... and will remain so . the train stop at another station and more people pile on . quail try to watch the broadcast through the body pass in front of he and intermittently block the image . reporter ( v.o. ) there have be some criticism , sir .... cohaagen I have no further comment . the news conference end and a bright look young man come on the screen . quail continue to watch , though not as interested , initially , as he be by the Mars story . few of the other passenger bother look at the screen . announcer good morning , commuter . this portion of you trip be bring to you by rekall , Inc . do you have a dream that never come true ? do you aspire - but only perspire ? have the great adventure pass you by ? then come to ... rekall , where what might have be will have be . for the memory of a lifetime ... rekall . quail watch the commercial through to the end , but do not seem to take it very seriously . he glance away as a card come on the screen with rekall 's number . 6b int . quail be office - day quail be seat at a computer console in a vast beehive of a room . numerous people be type information onto the screen . quail pause in he type , thoughtful . he then type in a little more information , then pause again . on the screen , a sentence type itself ... why have you stop ? request more information . quail read it and continue . 9 int . mcclane's office - rekall - day scene open on a cu of mcclane , a genial , bubbling , enthus - iastic man . mcclane we be all dreamer , Douglas . but here at rekall , dream be we business . he press a button on he desk and the chair on which they be seat appear to be in outer space . countless star glitter all around . startlingly , a comet whizze by . quail be amaze . mcclane grin and press the button again . the scene change to a beautiful underwater coral reef . multi-color fish swim around the chair and desk . quail but ... be the process really that effective ? a false memory !? mcclane ( shaking he head ; smile ) we prefer the term " extra - factual implant " . you memory will be complete in every way . you will have go to Mars . we guarantee that . quail be it in any way dangerous ? I mean , the medical technique ? mcclane not when you deal with qualified operator - like we . he press the button again and the normal office return . quail look around , impressed . quail it 's just - incredible . mcclane and look at we follow - up program ! he put item on the desk as he talk . mcclane ( continue ) Space -flight ticket stub ... passport ... vaccination certificate ... matchbook from martian nouvelle cuisine restaurant , souvenir , post card ... even name of people you meet - now back there - who you can call and discuss you trip with ... by the way , we plant this thing where you will come across they at random in the future . quail but ... I will know I hire you . that will destroy the whole illusion . mcclane ( smile ; self - satisfied ) but you will not remember I , or have be here . quail I will not ? mcclane you money back if you do ! we have never pay out yet . quail slump back in he chair , overwhelm . mcclane ( continue ) and we have a special this month , for only two -hundre thousand dollar more . at the press of a button , a list appear on the wall ... a14 millionaire playboy a15 sport hero a16 industrial tycoon a17 intelligence agent mcclane ( continue ) you can have a new identity for the duration of the trip . pick one . quail 's eye linger on " Intelligence agent . " quail " Intelligence agent " ... would not that be dangerous ? I might attack .... mcclane ( airily ) no. no . you be a retire agent . Mars be you last mission and you be never to break you cover . but you will have get the girl , kill the bad , and save the Universe . not bad , eh ? quail I do not know ... about the whole thing ... it 's all such a fake . I will not really have go . I will not really .... mcclane ( kind but firm ) let 's face it , Douglas , you , and million of people like you have no chance of ever get to Mars and you would never qualify as a secret agent for eio . this - rekall - be the only way to achieve you dream . he get up and walk around to quail 's chair . mcclane ( continue ) think about it , Douglas . think , too , what a terrible boor a real holiday be . lose ticket , endless argument , lousy hotel , miss connection , rotten weather ... rekall will supply you with perfect , happy memory . quail be thoughtful , willing to be totally convinced . 9a int . quail be apartment - night quail be sit , distract , in a uncomfortable modern chair . kirsten be watch a near-pornographic film on tv . she casually light a cigarette . quail you know that 's illegal . kirsten yeah ? who 's go to report I ? you ?... wimp .... she watch a torrid love scene on the video . kirsten ( continue ) screw around 's illegal , too . but just give I half a chance ... quail look at she with distaste . his expression change to one of resolve . 10 int . memory studio - day quail be stretch out on a plush recline couch , alongside some strange - look lab equipment , wear a hospital - type smock . in the b.g. hover a technician , adjust some instrumentation ( discreet bank of computer , etc . ) -- that apparently relate to the lab equipment next to quail . the room in a dim , soothing booth , light by indirect lighting . quail look a little concerned as he study all the instrumentation next to he -- as one always do at the dentist 's , look at the drill . the door open abruptly , in walk a cute- look little old lady , wear a jogging suit . ( a RUTH gordon - type . ) old lady hi , I be Doctor Sophie lull . sorry I be late . ( walk toward coat closet ) I will be right with you . she don a white medical smock that cover she jogging suit , then sling on heavy , lead - line protective vest . quail ( look at instrument console ) this really go to work ? lull it the Pope martian ? lull 's assistant , the technician in b.g. , who have be steadily work on the instrumentation , now look over at lull . ernie ( technician ) ( at machine ) okay -- that 's it . now , lull extend a long rubber tube , a hypodermic needle attach to it . quail eye it warily . she swab the back of he hand in preparation , notice he apprehension . lull now , just relax , kid . this be not gonna hurt . just a control drip of narkadine . when you be under , I will just ask ya a few question , nothin ' real personal , just full detail of yer private life so 's we can tailor the wish - fulfillment program to you need . she inject the needle into he hand as she speak , tape it down . lull ( continue ) see ? painless . I do not feel a thing . hey , you be a nice kid ... you like a little something ' extra ? quail , embarrassed , start to go under , nod . lull ( continue ; pleased ) good ! kid -- have I get a girl for you ! she 's gonna like you . you be good -lookin ' . ( beat ) gettin ' sleepy ? ( he nod ) good . now , what 's the first thing you think of when you be thinkin ' about Mars ? quail ( wistfully ) well ... I would like to see the martian sphinx ... lull okay -- you will , dougle ! I want ya to start count backwards from a hundred for I . quail ( sleepily ) one hundred ... ninety-nine ... ninety -eight ... ninety -seven ... ninety-six ... ninety -five .... his voice drop off ; he eye close . lull study he , adjust some instrument , then turn to Ernie , glance briefly at a type sheet in front of she . lull okay , Ernie , the trip to Mars ; number sixty - two ... and throw in that blonde ... we will give he a real good time . ernie sixty-two ... and ... the blonde ... he take two disc and insert the first one into a machine . ernie Boy , be this one wild . he will not want to come back . Ernie insert the second disk . lull dougie ? this Sophie lull . can ya hear I ? quail ... Sophie .... lull good ! ... I be gonna ask ya a few more question now . ya think you will be able to answer them ? quail ... yes .... lull attaboy ! to begin with , I wanna ask ya ; -- you sex life . how many orgasm a week ? 11 int . mcclane's office - day mcclane have several file drawer open and be remove diverse object and place they on he desk . this item apparently be object rekall , Inc. intend to " plant " for some client of theirs to find ( perhaps even quail ) -- as part of he fantasy . while he be put this thing on he desk , the phone buzy . he answer it . mcclane yes ? lull ( v.o. ) ( filter ; tense ) howie ? listen , you would better get in here . mcclane ( not too concerned ) not another schizoid embolism . lull ( v.o. ) ( filter ) you would better get in here . 12 int . memory studio - day mcclane come quickly in , brush the swinging door open . lull and Ernie look up as he enter . quail lie on the couch , breathe slowly and regularly , he eye close . mcclane look queryingly at lull , who motion he to silence . lull ( bend over quail ) quail ? dougie , can you hear I ? quail yes . lull tell mcclane what you tell we . mcclane glance sharply at lull , then turn to quail . quail 's eye open and scan the room . they settle on mcclane . this eye have change : they have become cold and steely . in fact , quail 's entire personality seem to have change -- he face have acquire a flint - edge hardness . he be chillingly menace . quail ( a deadly voice ) all of you in this room be dead . mcclane ( not quite take it seriously ) what 's he talk about ? quail you have break my cover . mcclane what be this ?... mcclane 's eye flash angrily at lull . lull the narkadine crack a memory cap . Mars -- ( she 's scared ) he 's really be there . there be a chilly silence in the room as mcclane digest this . mcclane forced suppression ? ernie with spontaneous breakthrough . mcclane Holy shit . they stare at quail as if he 's a tick bomb . quail ( coldly ) you have compromise the sphinx Project . you will have to be silence . now they be all panicked . mcclane wait a minute . quail -- quail my name be not quail . mcclane listen ... whoever you be ... sir .... ( almost plead ) ... this be all a accident . we will destroy all the record . no one will know . I swear it . believe I . quail I believe you , but that will not stop e.t.o. from kill you . the rekall people stare at each other in quiet horror . quail ( continue ) killing you ... kill you ... kill you .... his voice trail off , he eye close . lull ( intensely ) he want a false memory implant -- of a trip he really take . ( pause ) someone at Earth Intelligence Operations erase he memory . all he know be go to Mars mean something special to he . ernie what do we do ? graft a false memory pattern over the real memory of the same thing ? lull ( shaking she head ) uh-uh ... that could promote a partial breakthrough of the real trip . mcclane ( overlap ) revive he without any false memory implantation and get he out of here . lull why do not we just wipe out the memory of he visit here ? mcclane ( nodd ; relieved ) yes. good . I will destroy he file and cancel he fee . I have a feel that the longer he do not know who he be , where he 's be , where he 's go and who we be , the better off we will all be . I be take a holiday . a real one . he leave . the other stare after he , look very grim . 12a int . reception area of rekall - day a daze and disorient Douglas quail come out of a inner door and walk through the lobby towards the exit door . a attractive receptionist , she bare breast visible through a clear plastic blouse , watch he ; she then look toward mcclane who have half - open the door to view quail 's progress . 12b int . elevator - day quail travel down . uncomprehendingly , he look out at the city . 12c int . build foyer - day quail stumble through the fairly crowded foyer , oblivious to anything around he . a red-headed man may or may not be watch he . he make a phone call from a pocket phone . 12d int . robot taxi cab - afternoon scene open on quail , in the back of the cab ; he look around , slowly come to he sense . quail where be I ? driver travel south along third Avenue , pass fourty -third street . although the driver 's voice be a little mechanical ( flat in tone ) he be film from quail 's Pov , and it be not obvious he be anything other than a ordinary cab driver . quail where be I go ? driver thirty - three thirteen " G " Street , sector " L " , twin tower , apartment six - thirty - five . quail how do I get here ? camera now cut to a shot in front of the driver . he be a fairly human-like robot . driver I don not understand the question , sir or madam . quail how do I get into this cab ? driver you step into it in the normal manner , sir or madam . 15 int . corridor of quail' apartment - day the reception area and hallway lead to the elevator be smart and clean , though not lavish . a uniform and armed doorman be stand by the entrance door . film from the elevator end of the area , we see the cab pull up and quail alight and enter the building . he nod to the doorman and approach the elevator . as he reach they a man step out from behind the camera . a 2nd man enter from a door opposite the elevator . quail look at they and become quite panicky . 1st agent be not you the man from Mars ? he take a modern , lethal gun from he pocket . quail turn , but the other man be behind he . 2 nd agent do not give we a reason to kill you . quail look toward the doorman , who be pay little attention to the event . as the two man edge quail towards the door , he call out ... quail Mr. Zimmer ... Mr. Zimmer ... help I ... they be ... but the doorman turn calmly away . 16 int . basement car park - day the two man lead quail past a number of car to they own vehicle . quail where be you take I ? 1st agent you tell everyone at rekall about you trip to Mars . where you go , who you work for , what you do -- quail but I do not ... be you tell I ... I do go to Mars ? I do not remember ? 1st agent you have remember too much . the sphinx Project , for a start .... quail ( confuse ; remember only fragment ) sphinx ?... no , no , I do not , I ... what about the people at rekall ? I do not recall rekall but you say if they know what I do ? why do not you ask they ? they will tell you I do not ... 1st agent they have be take care of . quail what do you mean ? neither man bother answer . they arrive at they car and open the door for quail . he hesitates . quail ( continue ) what be you go to do with I ? 1st agent get in the car . he slap quail hard across the face . quail be terrify . he be tearful with fear . quail my God ! no ! you be go to kill I ! he cringe . his hand across he face . 1st agent no one 's go to kill you if [ you do what you be tell . ] we be visit e.i.o. for some new test . now get in , or do we start play rough ? quail no ! it 's not my fault ! you can not do it ! they start to force he into the car physically . suddenly , quail stop cring . the fear disappear from he face , and be replace by a odd , thoughtful expression . quail ( continue ) wait a minute , I remember -- 1st agent what , quail ? what do you remember ? quail on Mars ... they try to kill I ... and .... quail transform into a highly skilled killing machine . in a instant , he karate - chop both agent across the windpipe , and they crumple to the ground . quail step back . he stare at the two body , incredulous ; then stare at he own deadly hand . it be as though they belong to someone else . then , leave the two agent sprawle across the alley , he race back into the basement door of he building . 18 int . quail be apartment - evening kirsten be watch another pornographic video when quail burst in . he be still disorient . quail do you know I have be to Mars ? kirsten get up and turn off the movie . kirsten what ! this stupid obsess ... quail ( interrupt ) I think I have be . I vaguely recall ... kirsten Doug , you have get to forget ... quail ( interrupt ) forget ? remember be the problem I must have be to one of that artificial memory place ... kirsten oh my God ... quail but something go wrong ... something about a real memory ... and then that man ... try to kill I . kirsten what man ? Doug , you be crazy . she start to mix a drink from a well - stock cabinet . kirsten ( continue ) you be here now . they do not kill you . quail no . that 's what 's so amazing . I kill they . I think ... kirsten stop pour she drink and look at he sharply . kirsten where ? where be they ? quail point down with he finger . kirsten ( continue ) Doug ! it 's something they put into you mind at the memory place . fantasies . that 's they business . she sip she drink . kirsten ( continue ) you be a computer operator . you be a bore . you be a wimp . you be not a killer . quail I be involved somehow with e.i.o . it 's true . it 's no fantasy . he walk around the apartment draw curtain and put out the light . kirsten Doug , I want you to see a doctor . now alec and shirley turnbull have a good man . he help alec through he breakdown . quail for fuck 's sake , this be no breakdown ! kirsten be take aback at he use of language . he stride into the bathroom and slam the door . she turn on one lamp , go to a telephone and dial . 19 int . bathroom - twilight quail take a washcloth , turn the hot water up full and soak the cloth under the steaming water . use it as a compress , he press it against he face and he neck , to drain off some of the tension . he turn off the water . towell he head dry , he open the bathroom door . the instant he do this , a blind white burst of light come arcing into the bathroom , and the back wall crinkle and char into a swatch of blackness . quail dive out the door , just as another bolt incinerate the spot where he be stand . 20 int . live room - twilight the room be in total darkness . the only thing visible be the pale rectangle of the balcony window , with the curtain draw over it . quail and he assailant cannot be see -- but they can be heard . there be the sound of a scuffle -- the meaty thud of a fist connecting with flesh -- and a painful grunt as someone 's breath whoosh out . the light come on . quail be stand with one hand on the lamp , and the other twist kirsten 's arm up behind she back . a pistol lie on the floor . quail be totally stunne . he release she arm , shove she away from he , at the same time scoop up the pistol . quail my God ! do you say I need a psychiatrist ? kirsten ( coolly ) I have not see you move that fast since I have know you . quail ( outrage ) how could you do it ? after eight year ! kirsten I be not you wife , quail . quail not my wife ! you be out of you mind . kirsten ( indifferent ; nursing she arm ) it 's a false memory implant . I never see you before six week ago . quail be totally disorient . quail why be you lie like this ? kirsten no , quail . it 's true . you work for e.i.o . so do i. as she speak , she walk to a picture on the wall and from behind it pull out a small wallet . she flip it open to show he she e.i.o. badge . he look down uncomprehendingly at the holographic lettering " Earth Intelligence organisation " . quail ( indicate they surroundings ) but why all of this ? kirsten ( shrugging ) we have to watchdog you ... make sure the erasure take . a wife seem like a good idea . quail but I remember it ! all of it !... we ! kirsten all implant . quail we friend ... my work ... eight year . kirsten the job 's real -- you have have be six week -- since you get back from Mars . he sit down , hold he hand to he head . kirsten ( continue ) it 's all a fabrication , quail . everything you know . quail this be crazy ! if all my memory be false , who be I ? what be i? Jesus ... it 's like I do not exist . kirsten you exist , all right . ( very cold ) that 's the problem . a pause as quail mentally grope frantically , for what to do next . quail why do you try to kill I ? why do e.i.o. want I dead ? kirsten they do not particularly . that be my idea . this assignment be boring I to death . the personality they give you be not too thrill . quail well , what do I do on Mars that they have to keep I from tell ? kirsten I have no idea . I just work here . quail all right ... I be leave . do not try and follow I -- kirsten I do not have to follow you . you can not get away from e.i.o . nobody do . quail look at she as if see she for the first time . quail no wonder you get the role as my bitchy wife -- type casting . he leave . kirsten smile secretively . she go to a drawer , open it and remove a tiny instrument that look like a tv channel - changer . there be a very small light on the instrument , which begin flash on and off , as the instrument begin to make beeping sound . 21 ext . STREET outside quail' apartment - night quail walk briskly out onto the street , control he pace , try not to look suspicious . after a beat , he head for the nearest subway entrance . 22 int . subway station - night now underground , quail try to blend in with the other subway people . he head toward the weapon check . 23 ext . STREET subway entrance - night a official vehicle slam to a halt next to the subway entrance and a whole load of intense men pour out of it . 24 int . subway - night quail now shuffles along in a lineup of people wait to get through the weapon check . he try to control he nervousness . he pass . the guard smile at he , pleased to see he have remember he gun . 25 int . subway - night all the man with gun draw come pour down the subway stair . the subway cop and weapon check be stunne to see four large man brandish gun push they way through the weapon check gate without seem to notice they . one gunman flash a holographic badge encased in plastic at they . the gunman reach the bottom of the stair and race closer to the subway train , which be just depart . the man halt abruptly . first gunman fuck it ! the second gunman adjust a small plug - a radio receiver - in he ear . second gunman ( earplug wearer ) we will not be able to track he again until he come up above ground ! 26 int . subway car - night quail sit in the subway car as it barrel through the night , not know exactly where he will go . he be confuse , distraught . a commercial come onto the video . tv as voice over tire ? exhausted ? need a vacation ? do not settle for memory , experience the real thing . Daily departure on the space shuttle to Mars . visit the wonder of .... 27 ext . subway stop - night quail emerge from underground and look around . the street be almost desert . 28 int . moving offical vehicle - night the gunmen sit in the ov . the one with the ear plug [ suddenly talk . ] earplug wearer come in again . loud and clear . he look down at a illuminate street map build into the car 's dashboard . 28a ext . subway stop - night a cab come into view . quail quickly hail it and jump in . cab move off . 28b int . cab - night quail be still ponder what to do next . he glance out one window , though not at anything in particular . suddenly , the silence be shattered as bullet rip through the window on the other side . quail duck to the floor . 28c ext . cab - night a wide shot show that the cab be be fire on by a man lean from the window of a official patrol vehicle . he be aim at the tire and driver , rather than directly at quail . 28d int . cab - night bullet be still pour in . robot driver ( unemotionally ) you be be fire on , sir or madam , please leave the cab at once . from the floor , quail push the door handle and roll out onto the street . the pursue car occupant fail to notice he exit . 28e ext . street - night Cars continue , as quail pick himself up from the gutter and move off down a narrow side street . 28f int . cab - night robot driver [ please .... ] bullet rip into the robot driver 's neck , sever the head from the body . the head hit the window then bounce back onto the front seat . it continue talk . robot driver ( continue ) ... leave the cab as bullet be hit the vehicle in considerable quantity . 28g ext . street - night the taxi mount the footpath and smashes through the display window of a store . clothes model be scattered and break . when the noise abate , the severe head of the robot driver be lie among the dummy . robot driver this company , sir or madam , will institute legal action for damage ... 29 ext . STREET - " end of the line " HOTEL - night quail emerge from the side street and see " end of the line " Hotel . it be clean , bland , middle class . he quickly cross the road and enter . 29a int . " end of the line " HOTEL lobby - night the foyer be brightly light and empty . quail approach the desk clerk , who be read a book . " Dr. no " , mark , in flow script , " from the classic series " . desk clerk ( without look up ) help you , sir ? quail ( hand over money ) a room for the night . desk clerk ( reluctantly put down the book ) id . quail ( hand over money ) here 's ten thousand . forget the id . desk clerk look up at he , with interest . his hand hover over the money . quail ( continue ) I have a liaison with a lady ... and I be marry ... desk clerk I understand , sir . nothing like a bit on the side , eh ? bit of fugitive flesh . the great aphrodisiac be a new body , would not you say , sir ? quail look at he with distaste but be only anxious to be give the key to he room . he say nothing . 30 int . " end of the line " HOTEL room - night quail unlock the door and enter . no sooner do he relock the door then the phone ring . he freeze , stare at it for three ring , then pick it up . quail ( into receiver ) I tell you , I do not want to be disturb . telephone voice ( filter ) if you want to live , do not hand up . quail be stunne . he say nothing , but do not hang up . telephone voice ( continue ; filter ) they have get you bugge ... they be gonna find you . faster than you can say " back rodger " . ( quickly ) and do not bother shaking down you clothes -- the monitor be embed in you skull . quail ( reeling ) who be you ? what the hell be this ? 30a int . bar basement - night the man telephon quail be call from a bar . occasion - ally people pass he on they way to the toilet . he be youngish and conservatively dress . he speak rapidly and urgently . telephone voice take a wet towel and wrap it around you head . that will deaden the signal . it will take longer for they to pinpoint you . 30b int quail be room - night quail why should I trust you ? telephone voice ( filter ) there 's a real old say - " beggar can not be chooser " . go and soak you head ! quail put the phone down and rush to the bathroom . 30 b1 int . patrol car - night the earphone wearer and driver be move in on the signal generate by quail 's bug . suddenly , the small illuminate cross on the dashboard map cut out . earphone wearer shit ! driver cut the language , will ya ? earphone wearer it 's go ! some ...malfunction ... unscientifically , he prod the screen . driver ( world - weary air ) toldya the martian assemble [ stuff do not work . ] 30 b2 int . quail be room - night quail rush back into the room with a wet towel , turban-like , wrap around he head . he rapidly pick up the phone . quail keep talk . telephone voice ( filter ) head over to skid row -- to the lucky stub pawnshop -- corner of Park Avenue and fifty-eighth . tell the man you be Mr. hotchkiss ; you come for you grecian candlestick . quail ( infuriate ) what do I want with grecian candlestick ! 30c int . bar basement - night the man on the phone look around anxiously . telephone voice just do it ! this be no time for small talk . quail ( v.o. ) ( filter ; not quite convinced ) how do you know where to find I ? telephone voice I have be tailing you since you get back from Mars . 30d int . quail be room - night quail you be e.i.o . you be on the other team . telephone voice ( filter ) I be e.i.o . but I be you best friend . Scott Stevens - we arrange this ... quail ( try to recall ) I can not remember - only bit ... telephone voice ( filter ; overlap ) I be you fail - safe -- if and when the shoot start . good luck . look I up if you remember I . 30e int . bar basement - night Scott Stevens hang up the phone . he look around cautiously , then walk a few step to the mens room . 30f int . mens room - night Scott Stevens walk to the row of trough and begin to urinate . the room be empty . he hear a noise and look around . two eio man be stand there aim lethal - look high - velocity weapon at he . one of they be the red-headed man we have already see . 1st man ( red -headed ) well , look at that . he 's really get he hand full . 2 nd man not so full , so I have hear . still urinate , the frustrated Scott Stevens can only look back over he shoulder . laugh , both man open fire , riddling he with bullet . he collapse in a undignify heap , he head in the water at the base of the trough . 31 int . " end of the line " corridor - night quail , with towel around he head , glance up and down the corridor -- spot a sign that say " FIRE exit " . he race towards it . 32 ext . " end of the line " front entrance - night the ov slam up in front of the hotel and a carload of men tear out of it and barge into the hotel . 32a int . " end of the line " HOTEL lobby - night the startle clerk jump to he foot as the group of armed man enter rapidly . earphone wearer Quick . the guy who check in fifteen minute ago . clerk ( nervous ) room ... thirty -six . most of the armed man instantly head off up the stair , they weapon at the ready . clerk watch , astonished . clerk ( continue ) he be only meeting a lady ... be not you guy overdo it a bit ? 32b ext . STREET - night quail be walk along briskly , still with the towel around he head . a few passer - by look at he curiously . he put he hand together and greet they indian-style . 33 ext . park avenue - night - close on STREET sign which read : " park avenue / 58th STREET " . pull back to reveal " the lucky stub pawnshop " . wino lurk on the corner . Park Avenue have deteriorate into a slum . quail enter frame , and approach the pawnshop , step over a bum in a doorway . 34 int . pawnshop - night quail be just enter ; a old - fashioned bell overhead , trip by the door open , announce he entrance . at once , a immense fat man emerge from the back room . pawnbroker you wanta camera ? I get some good , top-quality one . you want silk rug ? handmade last century in Iran ... all perfect . you want video ? Old movie ... classic ... all that Vietnam war one ... real quaint stuff ... you want ... quail ( interrupt ; awkwardly ) I be hotchkiss ... I come for the ... grecian candlestick ... the fat man study he warily for a long moment ; then he disappear through the curtain . in a brief moment , he emerge again , carry a small , " makeup -size " case , as well as two large candelabra . the pawnbroker put the case on the counter . quail look at the case with curiosity . quail ( continue ) I wonder if you could tell I ... they both look around as someone enter . pawnbroker I trust this will look well in you ... mosque . 35 int . flop house - night - close on hand open up the small case . pull back to reveal they be quail 's hand . the hotel room he 's now in be obviously a different one than the last one we see he in . the room be large but run-down , the wall be peel , the architecture be much older , etc . quail examine the content of the case : there be credit card and also money , several stack of bill , neatly tie -- some of it the conventional green , but most of it red . close on red money on the face of it be print : " mar federal colony " . quail ( mutter ) martian money .... quail thumb through the money , and whistle softly to himself as he see how much there be . also in the case be : two passport ; a small cassette recorder ; a roll - up leather pouch and a spray can of some sort ; and a strange thing that look like a silver mask . he examine the face mask , study black letter written across it ( which we be not close enough to read ) and then put it aside . another item now catch he eye : a wristwatch . he see a conspicuous red button on the side of the watch , and presses it . instantly , to he SHOCK , quail sees a man manifest himself himself out of thin AIR and stand there in the room a few feet away from quail : he 's a exact holographic duplicate of quail -- down to the clothes quail be wear now . the image stand and watch quail . quail ( continue ) what the hell ...? quail smile , press the red button again . there be a humming SOUND -- and the man fade into thin AIR -- like a television set be turn off . quail look bemuse . now he unroll the leather pouch and look inside . there he find what look like surgical instrument ; a sponge , a long piece of wire double over , with some attachment and a tiny metal head on one end , and some tube of salve . he turn on the cassette recorder . the voice he hear on the cassette tape be he own ! cassette voice ( v.o. ) ( quail 's voice ) " hauser , this be hauser -- or whatever you think you name be now . if you be listen to this , I be talk to myself . you memory 's be erase and you have get a wet towel around you head . ( he do ) " the first thing you have get to do be get rid of that bug in you head . " 36 int . HOTEL bathroom - night the sound of the tape continue as quail follow instruction - push the wire up into a bloody portion of he neck , just below the ear . cassette voice ( v.o. ) the monitoring device be locate in you leave maxillary sinus cavity . make a small incision in you neck just below the leave ear , and insert the wire up into the sinus . the head be self -guide . just shove . quail make a face . cassette voice ( v.o. ) ( continue ) you will not feel a thing . the spray cartridge contain a local anesthetic and a blood coagulant . careful , it 's my neck , too . holding the wet towel against he neck , quail slowly withdraw the wire . on the end of it be a tiny , metal bead , the transmitter . 37 int . moving official vehicle - night the man with the ear plug suddenly react . earplug wearer it 's come on again . driver where ? the 1st man quickly check the map-grid in the dashboard . a small bright 'x ' be flash . earplug wearer he 's in that old flophouse . Plaza Hotel . Central Park South . 37a int . HOTEL bedroom - night quail be anxious to get rid of the transmitter . he look around and notice a rat trap near a rat hole in the skirt board . he carefully - avoid spring the trap - remove the piece of cheese and push the transmitter inside . he then throw the cheese into the rat hole . 38 int . moving official vehicle - night the car be move swiftly through the street . earplug wearer Boy , he 's really move around . a cu of the screen show the small 'x ' move in circle . 38a ext . HOTEL side entrance - night the car pull up . another follow it . armed man leap out from both . the earplug wearer indicate they should go down a alley at the side of a service door . they advance cautiously , gun at the ready . they see no one . the earplug wearer indicate another , even narrower , alley lead off to one side . two of the man sneak cautiously up to it , they gun at the ready . a large rat scurries out from behind overfull garbage bin . furious , they fire . the bullet rip the bin to shred , scatter refuse everywhere . the rat be kill . they all stare in disbelief . earplug wearer ya dirty rat ! 40 int . e.i.o. headquarters - memory lab - night open close on a monitor screen slate " hauser / quail " follow by a serial number and some date . the slate vanish , replace by a scene of quail -- undergo some kind of military training . pan to other monitor , all depict quail in other action scene -- on some kind of mission , drive a car , etc . technician man the monitor , scrolling through they in fast - forward and fast reverse as if search file . the technician turn as cohaagen and he aide enter . cohaagen ( demand ) anything ? supervisor we be run every one of he memory tape for the past fifteen year . nothing yet , sir . cohaagen there must be something -- some place he would go , some friend he would run to . the red-haire e.i.o. man join they . red-headed man ( to cohaagen ; quietly ) they lose he . cohaagen again ?! the red-headed man nod . cohaagen ( continue ) be you sure the original suppression take ? supervisor absolutely , sir . he think he 's quail , a computer ... cohaagen ( interrupt ) then how do you explain what he 's do ? supervisor just he instinct . he be well train by e.i.o .... maybe the memory cap 's fracture . portion of he prior identity could be leak through . cohaagen ( very anxious ) he will remember Mars ? the sphinx Project ? supervisor fragment . nothing more . nothing he could piece together . I do advise terminate he , rather than implant a identify alternative . cohaagen what do you think I be ? a barbarian ? we be not live in the twentieth century ! he look at the video screen again . a image have flashed onto it of a attractive eurasian girl . cohaagen ( continue ) hold it there . he study the picture , which change to show the same girl from different angle . 42 int . space port - day passenger be board a commercial spacecraft . in addition to the stewardess check they ticket , there be two plainclothes men check every passenger . they carry some kind of small , portable electronic device that they shine in the face of each passenger go through . ( it give off a blue beam and hum . ) the passenger be a diverse group - businessman , official , government people , etc . there be also a large tour group consist of a predominately middle - age and determinedly jolly crowd , many of they carry duty - free bag . they be be marshale by a harass tour organizer , who be carry aloft a hand -paint sign ... " martian tour group " . the last of the passenger board the spacecraft . the chief plainclothes man nod to a official and the door begin to close . plainclothes man # 1 if he have to travel to Mars with that bunch , I would be sorry for he . plainclothes man # 2 we could not have miss he ? plainclothes man # 1 no way . let 's get a coffee before the next shuttle . 43 int . spaceliner - in flight one of the passengers -- a middle - age woman - unbuckle she seat belt and head for the restroom , carry she handbag , and some clothes on a hanger . 44 int . lavatory - in flight the woman lock the door and turn to the mirror . she open she bag , take out a spray container , sprays her face with it , and take out -- the silver face mask we see in quail 's emergency kit . she hold the mask to she face . there be a sizzling noise , and smoke rise from behind the mask . she lower the mask . her face be now that of quail . he tear up a passport and drop it down a chute . he reach inside he dress , start to remove he " falsie . " close on mask we can read the black lettering write across it now : " laser facial " . 45 int . spaceliner - in flight quail exit from the lavatory and glance toward the ebullient tour crowd . he turn and look in the other direction and see a video theater advertising " rocky 36 " with sylvester stallone III , jnr . he be not too excited , but head towards it . he pause a little when a announcement come over the intercom . a little bell sound , follow by intercom static . quail look up . captain voice ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , if you will glance out the starboard viewport , you will behold a indeed awesome sight -- quail go to a viewport and peer , transfix . he be see ... at last ... the object of he obsession . 46 ext . spaceliner - in orbit around mar the spaceliner -- which we have deliberately not see before this moment for dramatic effect -- bank and turn , suddenly bring into view -- mar . a immense orange globe -- so close it look like it 's go to fall on we . it dwarf the spaceliner . captain voice ( v.o. ) that long gorge you see , clearly be the legendary canal of Mars .... the liner drop toward the surface of Mars . below : a network of intersecting line crisscross the planet . captain voice ( v.o. ) ( continue ) of course , they be not manmade canal , but vast natural chasm ... many deeper and larger than the Grand Canyon . though utterly without moisture now , scientist have determine that they be form by massive flooding million of year ago . 47 int . spaceliner quail stare , he brow furrowing as if with some deep hide memory he can not quite recall . captain voice ( v.o. ) ( continue ) surface temperature at the martian equator be minus one - hundred and twenty degree centigrade -- in winter . fortunately , this time of year it 's slightly more seasonable : sixty degree , Fahrenheit , outside the dome . ( beat ) please remember , folk , that outside the dome you will need to carry you own personal oxygen supply at all time . the atmosphere of Mars be almost a vacuum . thank you for fly with interstellar and we hope you stay will be a pleasant one . 48 ext . mar - outer space camera follow the spaceliner until the entire frame be fill with the red-orange sand of mar . 49 ext . martian desert - day a endless expanse of boulder - studd red sand , under a red-orange sky . the desert be cut by a road , which snake across the rocky terrain . some surface traffic move along the road ( all pressurize vehicle since the atmosphere of Mars be almost a pure vacuum ) - include the marsport bus . pan with the bus - to reveal a CITY under a dome . in the midst of the stark , trackless landscape -- it 's midday , scorching -- rise a huge weatherbeaten geodesic structure , its glass surface scar by sandstorm damage . its feel be like a old western , when clint eastwood ride into tombstone -- the raw , forbid vista , with a tough town carve out of the wilderness . 50 int . marsport - day quail be look out at the desolate landscape . the tour organiser , a amiable middle - age man sit beside he . it be possible he be not a marry man . quail it 's no Garden of eden . tour organiser no . quite a bit to see , though . the canyon , the old sphinx ... quail what do you know about that ? tour oraniser not much , really . million of year old . bit like the one that use to be in Egypt , you know ... quail yeah . get destroy in the arab war ... what about this independence movement ? tour organiser ( dismissive ) not worth worry about . mostly descendant of the original colonist from Earth . now they want self - rule so they can sell we all the mineral ... I do not think we have meet . you with we group ? take I a while to know everyone . quail sure . Douglas quail . tour organiser Richard toltz . ( they shake hand ) well , Doug , I hope we will see a lot more of each other . 55 ext . CITY ( under the doom ) - day the bus pull up outside a modern tourist hotel . the building surround it have a much more improvise , temporary look . most be pre-fabricated structure . the street be crowded and there be a " frontier - town " atmosphere . stall sell fruit and vegetable , also water and air container . a lot of greenery be evident - this be to absorb co2 and emit oxygen , thus help with the air supply under the dome . some small , rag boy look at quail as he look around before go inside the hotel . suddenly , one of they throw a small sack at he . it hit he chest and leave a yellow stain . the hotel doorman chase the boy away .... boy smogpsucker ! from the other side of the street , a gang of urchins with a harmonica start sing some kind of defiant patriotic song . doorman you know how it be , sir . some of this red-ass be a bit prejudice . quail prejudice ? against what ? doorman earthmen . the street song have swell , adult miner and citizen join the belligerent chorus . quail what be they sing ? doorman the martian National anthem . quail tip the doorman , enter the hotel . 57 int . mar hilton lobby - day quail pass several kiosk -- a magazine stand , currency exchange , clothing store , shoeshine stand . a shoeshine boy look up at quail . quail walk past , enter the main lobby . the atrium entryway be absolutely fabulous ; a complete contrast to the dirty , casbah - like street . affluent -looking people in spotless linen fill the lobby . quail stop to examine a large rotating display sit on a table in the middle of the lobby . it be a stand - up model of a sphinx . across the top be write " the first wonder of mar " . a record voice repeat a can speech -- canned voice " ... the martian sphinx ... only evidence of non-human civilization ever discover ... age estimate at over eighteen million year ... close - shoeshine boy he stare at quail . back to scene quail approach the registration desk . clerk Nice to have you back with we , Mr. hauser . quail be startle to be recognize -- particularly by this name . he try to stay casual . quail Nice to be back . ( pick up pen ) I be flatter you remember I . clerk part of my job , sir . quail ( start to sign ; hesitates ) do you remember my first name , too ? clerk Charles . Charles hauser , right ? quail I be impressed . ( now he sign ) listen . I need transportation to the ... uh ... the sphinx . can you arrange it for I ? clerk I be sorry , sir . but Earth government have seal off the excavation site completely . no one but survey team and archaeologist be allow closer than twenty mile . the clerk tap a few key on a computer . clerk oh ... ( spot something on the computer ) do you want the item you leave with we ? quail what item ? oh ... yes , please . the clerk turn to the safe , retrieve a envelope . he hand it -- and a electronic room key -- to quail . 58 p.o.v . - through binoculars - the sphinx Far in the distance , a dusty red structure squat amid barren dune . we see vehicle , scaffold , a fortify perimeter . 59 int . quail be HOTEL room - day quail stand at the window , look through binocular . he lower they irritably , toss they on the bed . quail tug the envelope from he pocket , tear it open . Inside be a single slip of paper , on which be write in longhand : " melina noel last chance Air Station kilometer 61 gird Square t9 " 60 ext . mar hilton - sunset it be now sunset on Mars and it 's literally of inearthly beauty . the sun be bold and blood red ; the foggy , drip - ping glass of the dome tints the light into strange color . quail emerge from the hotel , properly attire now in a white tropical suit , and start for the taxi stand . behind he , also emerge from the hotel , be the shoeshine Boy . he keep out of sight -- but be definitely tailing quail . as quail near the first solar - power taxi in line , he be approach by a amiable - look calypso guy wear a West indian shirt and bright straw hat . calypso guy ( bennie ) need a cab , boss mon ? quail hesitates , unsure of the protocol . bennie ( continue ) mine 's right around the corner . quail ( indicate first cab in line ) that one 's closer . bennie but I out - hustle he , right ? quail ( smile ) right . two cabbie exchange curse as quail , wary , follow the calypso guy around a corner , climb into the small solar car . 62 ext . CITY dome - AIR lock - sunset a AIR lock whoosh open underneath a checker cab sign . bennie and quail emerge in the solar- power car -- set off into the desert . 63 ext . desert - sunset the taxi traverse the same type desert that quail cross a few hour ago . only now be look completely different . the late light tints everything in pastel shade , quail be awed by the grandeur of the lawrence -of - arabia- like set . 68 ext . desert truck stop - night quail and bennie 's taxi approach a brightly - light oasis in the middle of the desert . there 's a cafe , repair facility and a huge parking lot -- all under a garish neon sign : " last chance AIR station and asloon - eat here and get gas " . quail and bennie 's taxi pull in and park . in the lot be a collection of strange and colorful vehicle : huge ore truck that pull eight trailer , mountain prospect jeep , grape -of - wrath jalopy . quail and bennie disembark , wear - ing breathe mask , and enter the main building . 69 int . last chance AIR station - night the joint be a combination saloon / cathouse / casino . there be slot machine , hookers , miner and homesteaders ; it be like a nevada brothel -- pack with wild and woolly indi - vidualist , the equivalent of Old West trapper , prospector and cowboy -- but with a space - age look . quail and bennie elbow they way to the bar . fragment of conversation be overhear . miner # 1 ... if that intergalactic little napoleon think I be sellin ' and clearin ' outta here , he can think again ! miner # 2 ( with a laugh ) ... watcha gonna do when he cut off the air , luke ? miner # 3 ... you will be breathin ' red dust and shittin ' brick . bennie and quail pass another group . miner # 4 ...my wife be not goin ' on one of that space shuttle ... she hate flyin ' ... miner # 5 ...aw , come on ... flyin 's safer and crossin ' the road ... miner # 6 ... yeah , there be not be a real disaster since that collision off phobos , nigh on twenty year ago ... miner # 4 ( alarmed ) ... well , that kill twelve thousand ... quail what be this , bennie ... tombstone ? bennie sorta . bunch of miner out here get they own claim , from way back . cohaagen 's buyin ' they all up , say he 's gonna cut off the air a ' water if they will not sell ... quail attract the attention of the bartender . quail I be look for melina Noel . bartender you have find she . his nod indicate a area behind quail . he turn to see a attractive waitress place drink on table . she do not notice quail . he walk toward she through the crowd . bennie watch , then tactfully slip away . melina turn to return to the bar and run straight into quail . she stop , obviously astonished to see he . melina you bastard ! almost in tear , she push she way through the crowd to a billiard room , which be separate from the main bar by swinging door . there be no occupant and it be almost in darkness . quail , bewilder , follow she . Inside the billiard room he turn on the light which illuminate the area of the table . ( note : as quail and melina speak , the activity in the outside bar can be see above the swinging door . ) melina be still fight back tear . quail stop in front of she , unsure about what to do . he have no recollection of how well he might have know this woman . suddenly , she slap he hard across the face . melina ( quietly ) you bastard ... he rub he painful cheek . melina ( continue ) that 's new -- the innocent look . ( bitter sarcasm ) you do not have that one before . ( beat ) well ? quail be speechless . quail well , uh ... I ... melina all right , I will say it for you . he look relieved ( but try to cover ) . melina ( continue ) do not worry . I get the note . you discharge you obligation . quail what note ? melina oh , the usual one . " must return immediately to Earth ... the wife need I ... " quail I do not have a wife . well , I do - but not a real wife . ( get desperate ) Hell ... look ... someone else send that note . someone who -- melina what be you here for ?! quail for you ! I do not even know why -- melina burst into tear . quail rather tentatively put he arm around she . she welcome this at first , but then push he away . quail ( continue ) whoever I be , I must have be a helluva guy . melina " whoever you be " ??? quail listen . I have for to tell you something . I beg you to believe I ... help I -- all melina 's suspicion come rush back . quail ( continue ) something happen to my mind . memory suppression , false implant , I do not know what -- melina back off . quail grow more desperate . quail ( continue ) what I be say be ... I do not remember you . I do not remember we . I do not remember I -- melina 's expression grow dead hard . melina [ and I think ... ] quail who be we ? melina ( ignore the question ) memory erasure be what they use on agent . go away . quail wait ... I be a agent -- I be not now -- just tell I who I be ! how do we know each other ? why be they try to kill I ?! he take a step toward she , nearly frantic . melina I be not trust you again . quail you love I once , you must have -- melina that you be a liar . who you be now I do not even know . quail please , melina -- melina ( tear start ) get out ! quail I need you help -- melina ( cry quietly ) get out ! get the hell away from I ! quail give up ; go through the door and leave . melina slump she shoulder against the table and cry . 77 int . last chance AIR station garage - night quail enter from the cafe . bennie be kneel beside he taxi , repair a tire . he look up , see quail approach . on he right hand , bennie have a mechanical device capable of spin 360 degree . he use it to twirl a lug nut tight on he tire . as quail approach , bennie remove the tool attachment from he hand , toss it into a kit beside the taxi . bennie you do not look so good , boss . all over the Universe , woman be a awful curse . he open the door for quail , beam . 80 int . solar - powered car - night - moving - desert background quail still brood , bennie try to cheer he up . bennie it 's a tough planet , boss . quail yeah , right . bennie some guy really screw she - screw she up real good . some earthman . just hop on a space shuttle . bennie bright tone be not improve quail 's mood . quail listen , bennie . you be pretty well inform ? bennie if that mean I know it all , you be right , boss . quail what do you know about the sphinx ? bennie I do not know nothin' . not about the sphinx . that 's out of the ball park . quail I have to get there . can not you help I ? bennie no can do , mon . you want woman , cigarettes , red-market money , booze , even air or water ... bennie 's you man . but the sphinx ... that 's e.i.o . -- 80a int . CITY under the dome - night the solar car be move through the crowd , when suddenly siren approach on a cross street . bennie brake and stop . he and quail watch as police motorcycle clear a path for a huge , gas - powered limo . miner on the sidewalk shout curse , obscenity -- bennie well ... look at that one , eh ? quail what ? bennie Big cheese in town . Big smelly cheese . quail cohaagen ? but be not he often here ? bennie no way . that cat just cheat the martian worker without ever leavin ' he place in beverly Hills . somethin ' must be cookin ' . quail keep he face in shadow and watch cohaagen with curiosity as he pass . cohaagen be light up briefly by a street lamp . his face make a impression on quail , who perhaps faintly remember he in the past . 82 int . quail be HOTEL room - night quail enter , turn on the light , lock the door . he check all the room . then he cross to the dresser , study himself in the mirror . he look haggard . quail open a drawer , take out he " emergency case , " set it on top and open it . he remove a shoulder holster and pistol , set they aside . he take out a tape recorder . he set the recorder down gingerly , as if somewhere in there be contain the answer to all he question . he 's just about to activate it , when he hear a knock at the door . quail freeze . another knock . voice ( o.s. ) ( through door ) Mr. hauser ... quail who be it ? voice ( o.s. ) Mr. hauser , I want to talk to you ... about Douglas quail . quail ditch the recorder and the " emergency case " into the drawer -- everything except the pistol . quail approach the door very cautiously ( from the side -- out of the line of fire ) . quail ( tensely ) who be you ? voice ( o.s. ) my name be George edgemar . I work for rekall , Incorporated . quail ( stunne ; incredulous ) rekall ?? voice ( o.s. ) yes . it 's difficult to explain ... could you open the door , please ? I be not armed . quail open it carefully , he gun at the ready , but out of view of the person at the door . a dignify - look gentleman stand there , calm and pleasant , wear a Earth - style business suit . edgemar hello , Mr. quail . May I come in ? I will not be offended if you prefer to keep the gun you be hold train on I . he can not see the gun , but somehow know . quail all right ... come in . quail do keep he gun train on the man . the man enter , hold in he outstretch hand -- a business card . edgemar my card , Mr. quail . quail frisk he , then take the card , glance at it . quail okay -- so you be Doctor George edgemar of ' rekall , Inc . ' so ? edgemar as I say ... this be go to be very difficult -- for both of we . quail I be listen . edgemar Mr. quail ... I be afraid you be not really stand here at this moment . quail Sat that again . edgemar I say , you be not really here . neither be i. we be both in the memory Studio -- in the office of rekall , Inc . on Earth . Long pause . quail be you try to tell I that this be all part of some ... artificially injected fantasy ? that I never really leave Earth ? edgemar no , not quite . we do not give you this . you be create it yourself -- ( pause , choose he word ) remember the option we offer you ? Intelligence agent ? something inside you like that idea , fastened on it . what you be experience now be a free-form delusion that you yourself be fabricate . quail what be this shit you be give I ? edgemar this be not -- shit , Mr. quail . it 's the truth . ( beat ) I know it 's very hard for you to accept , but you be have a schizophrenic reaction ... we can not snap you out of the narkadine . you be in a world of you own fantasy . quail then how the hell can you be in my dream -- if you know it 's just a dream ? edgemar I have be artificially implant -- like the first part of you fantasy . I be actually monitoring you dream at a psychoprobe console . this be a last resort . when somebody get stick in they own fantasy , we send in someone after they . a specialist , like myself . quail I do not believe a word you be say . edgemar I be afraid you would think that . I be sorry to have to do this , but you really be stick . ( call out ) Doctor Noel , would you come in now please ? the door start to open . quail pivot and point he gun at the open door . melina walk in , carry a clipboard . she look at quail with professional detachment . melina yes , Mr. quail , I be afraid it 's all true . quail be staggered . melina ( continue ) I try to break through to you earlier , but you just mold I into you fantasy . sometimes it take Dr. edgemar to get through to a client as tough as you . quail ( waver ) so what 's suppose to happen now ? edgemar just do exactly as we tell you . quail ( stare at he coldly ) somehow that do not appeal to I . melina please , Mr. quail ... try to cooperate . you be have a schizophrenic embolism . edgemar if we can not get you out now ... you may never come out of it . you wife call every day -- close - quail even more suspicious . two shot - quail and edgemar quail if this be a fantasy , there will be no real consequence when I pull this trigger . edgemar but there will by consequence inside you mind . consequence that will not hurt I ... but could be fatal to you . ( beat ) if you shoot I , you will wipe I out of you fantasy -- I can not come back again . because to you , I will be dead . I can not help you get back to reality . you will be stick in permanent psychosis . close - quail tremble , hold the gun point blank in edgemar 's face . close - edgemar show no fear of tension whatever . edgemar you be go to lower the gun , Mr. quail . you be go to hand it to I -- close - quail strain desperately to find the true " reality . " extreme closeup - trigger of gun quail 's finger on it . two shot - quail and edgemar edgemar you be go to do exactly what I tell you -- quail pull the trigger ! reverse angle - back of edgemar' head we see the result of the gunshot from this angle only , and so briefly as to produce a almost subliminal effect : the back of edgemar 's head blow off -- he collapse to the floor . melina leap at edgemar 's fall form and clamp her hand over edgemar 's right hand ! melina watch out , Charles ! there 's more of they in the hall ! quail spin toward the door just as it burst OPEN . a man enter , fire , but quail have fall to the floor and return the fire . he stagger back out into the corridor and slam against the wall , dead . voice ( o.s. ) ( from hall ) you have have it , hauser ! throw out you weapon if you want a past ! melina be still crouch by edgemar 's body , hold he hand for some reason . her clipboard dangle by she side . melina ( whisper ) there 's a explosive in the clipboard ! he have a dead - man switch in he hand ! squeeze edgemar 's hand shut with one of hers , she hold up she other wrist -- to show that the clipboard be bound to her wrist by a chain ! voice ( o.s. ) what do you say , hauser ? we have not get all night ! hauser ? quail ( hauser ) shoot off the chain . quail what happen it I come out ? quail take the clipboard from melina and ease himself to the side of the doorway . voice ( o.s. ) we will put in a word with the big boy . maybe you will just get exile to venus . quail all right . here come the weapon . quail reach around the corner and sail the clipboard into the hallway . melina let go of edgemar 's hand -- there be a tremendous explosion in the hallway , 83 int . hallway - night quail come out in crouch , ready to shoot . on the floor lie a dead man and the body of the shoeshine Boy , sprawle grotesquely . the hallway be fill with smoke . the floor cover with debris . plaster fall from the ceiling . all over the hotel , alarm begin blaring . 84 int . quail be room - night quail stride back in , icy-furious . he seize melina by the wrist and drag she after he into the corridor . 84a int . corridor - night two more e.i.o. man appear but quail shoot they while drag melina down the hall in the opposite direction . he push open the door lead to the staircase . 84b int . staircase - night quail and melina run down the stair . on the next landing be a service elevator , from which a waiter be emerge carefully carry a tray with hor d'oeuvre and champagne . quail back in , quick ! waiter would not you prefer you order in you room , sir ? quail in ! quail bundle the waiter unceremoniously back inside the elevator . 84c int . lift - night quail press the basement button . as he talk to melina he open the champagne and pour two glass . the waiter be too frighten to protest . quail okay . answer ! now ! melina they kidnap I . Said they would kill you if I do not cooperate . I tell they I do not care , but then when I realize they mean it ... quail I do not know why they be after I , but what 's you connection with all this ? melina we be together before . quail believe I , I be really sorry I can not recall the detail of that encounter . the elevator have reach the basement . they rush out . 85 ext . alley behind hilton - night quail and melina run from a basement door into a alley . a solar car whip out in front of they . quail and melina leap aboard . melina go , bennie , for God 's sake ! 86 int . bennie' solar car - night bennie weave as fast as he can in and out of the traffic , quail and melina ducking out of view in the passenger seat . bennie ( glance in mirror ) bad news , boss lady . melina what ? bennie Black cruiser just pull out behind we . 86a ext . CITY STREET - night a large gas-power official - look car be push its way through the crowd and traffic behind they . 86b int . bennie' car - night quail be aim he gun at the follow car . bennie forget the shooter , boss . I lose them for you . quail lose they ? in this ? bennie hang on ! bennie reach down , grasp a knob . he yank it , like someone start a outboard motor -- and a ear-splitt loud engine roar to life . bennie open the throttle and the solar car hurtle down the STREET . quail and melina be throw back in the seat . 87 ext . street - night gunfire blaze all around the car . quail fire back at the pursue car . quail ( shout over gunfire ) you be gonna get a ticket for that engine , bennie -- bennie yutani 650 -- you like it , boss ? nothing like the old gas when you want a bit of speed . bullet from the cruiser rip through the car . melina you better have two ace , bennie . ( glance behind ) there 's a second cruiser -- and it 's gain -- 87a ext . CITY street - night bennie 's car hurtle through the crowd with the official car gain on it . bennie take a corner sharply near a huge water sell stand . the official car brake to make the same turn , but clip the side of the water stand . the water container tip and empty water through the open roof ( i.e. through which one of the Agents have be fire ) so that the car completely fill . the driver continue the chase , but the occupant be now submerge . they frantic - ally open the window while continue to follow bennie 's car . 88 ext . alley - night the solar car rush down what appear to be a dead - end street , with the official vehicle ( water pour out of the window ) in pursuit . at the end of the street , however , bennie do not stop but continue go into a large open . it be a abandon mine . the bigger car follow he , but will not fit . the roof be smashed to piece as the vehicle be wedge into the narrow open . the second official car pull up behind . a chauffeur jump out and open the rear door . cohaagen step out . he sur - vey the scene . the four man in the wreck car clamber they way backwards out of the wreckage . they be cover in blood and they clothes be in shred . cohaagen I take it , then , you have fail to get he again . cohaagen turn to a associate , emile , a youngish , well - dress executive type . cohaagen ( continue ) proceed with operation sphinx . emile but , sir ... cohaagen with he ... ( gesture toward the mine ) ...on the lose , I be not take any more chance . operation sphinx will flush he out . 93 int . old mine - night the solar car proceed along the tunnel . it enter a area full of smoke . dozen of man be sit around smoking cigarettes , pipe and cigar . quail look at they in amazement . quail what 's all this ? bennie nothin ' , boss . just old smoky . only place they can come for a puff . it 's all ban topside . they have now climb out of the car . quail look searchingly at melina and bennie . quail so you two be into something a bit more serious than the taxi and truck -stop business . bennie that 's right , boss . he unzip he jacket to reveal a T-shirt with " martian liberation front " ( and a appropriate symbol ) emblazon on it . quail my God !... t-shirt . they die out on Earth year ago . bennie ( hurt ) well , maybe we be not fashion leader , boss . melina no . but we still believe in a free Mars . they walk as they talk - into a room off the main tunnel . it be adorn with " free mar " and " martian liberation front " poster . a group of people be printing t-shirt and leaflet . they exchange greeting with melina and bennie . quail so where do I fit into all this ? melina you - when you be Charles hauser with e.i.o - infiltrate we group . I guess cohaagen do not trust you any more when you and I ... her gesture suggest they liaison . quail yeah . and I can not even remember it . we will have to arrange a return bout . melina ... so he have you memory wipe and fix you up with a new identity . quail but - the sphinx . why be that stick in my mind ? why 's it so important ? melina I do not know . bennie just a ole heap o' stone , boss . quail it 's more than that , bennie , I know it 's more . somehow it 's connect . he slump into a chair with frustration . melina ( reflect ) maybe there 's a way you can get you memory back . quail how ? what ? where ? when ? melina a bit of martian wisdom . we be not all stupid colonist . 99 ext . CITY - night bennie , quail and melina be walk in a crowded area of town . Water seller and food stall be everywhere . a armore loudspeaker vehicle appear , broadcasting to the crowd . it be also swinging a powerful searchlight along the footpath and street . voice from loudspeaker ... all resident be to report to they nearest space - travel agent within twelve hour , all resident will be depart on shuttle within twenty - four hour . Air and water supplies will be cut off at that time . I repeat ... melina he 's do it ! quail what ? why ? melina clear everyone out ! it 's be rumor for month ... the searchlight approach bennie , quail and melina . bennie duck into a doorway , while quail grab melina and kiss she passionately . the light see only the back of he head . she respond warmly to he kiss . quail wow . I can see why I be willing to betray e.i.o. melina I though you believe in we cause ? quail yes . of course . that , too . they move into the crowd . the message on the loudspeaker be repeat . 101 int . kuato' sanctuary - night the interior of the room be a amazing contrast to its ghetto exterior . the decor be a baroque combination of Middle Eastern opulence and 21st century flash . it look like something out of " the Arabian Night " . a man enter from another room . although the man 's feature be East indian , he be very much a Peter lorre type ; he wear a small fez cap and a white linen robe with a cowl drape around the back of he neck . strange man ( nodd to quail ) you servant , fahreem kuato . I greet you by the twenty - seven name that still remain , praying that you cast jewel into the darkness and give they to glow with the color of life . as kuato speak , quail , unimpress , talk , sotto voce , to melina . quail what use be this weirdo ? melina ssssh ... there be skill on mar that Earth have forget . kuato no need to introduce yourself , Mr. quail . ( smile at quail 's surprise ) tolerate my presumption , but it do not tax my power to know that you be the most seek - after man on two world . from the street the sound of loudspeaker give information about quail and Co. can be hear . searchlight beam occasionally sweep past the window . kuato ( continue ) this way , my dear man . we have much to accomplish -- ( ominously ) -- and very little time . 102 int . kuato' inner sanctum - night a bysantine salon fill with enormous Oriental pillow . ( note : in the scene inside kuato 's sanctum , the loudspeaker van in the outside street can be hear from time to to time . they be repeat the evacuation message from scene 99 , but alternate it with a call for the apprehension of quail and melina ... voice from loudspeaker ... for information lead to this arrest , first - class travel to Earth will be provide plus a weekend at the leningrad disneyworld , all expense pay . I repeat , a Oriental girl and earthman , possibly to be find in the company of a black taxi driver . this be dangerous subversive and swear enemy of the glorious people Republic of Mars ... ) kuato the turbulence you hear outside be but a reflection of the turmoil within you . you have bring it to Mars in you search for yourself . kuato take a seat on the pillow , invite the other to join he . quail hesitates . quail and you be go to help I by read my mind ? kuato indubitably . there be only small matter of a fee . three response come together . quail a fee ! kauto naturally . melina this be for we cause ! kuato ( soothingly ) income before ideal . shall we say five-hundred - thousand dollar ? quail ( appal ) five-hundred - thousand martian dollar , that 's ... ( think , calculate the exchange rate ) kuato not martian dollar , Mr. quail - Earth dollar . melina that 's interplanetary robbery ! quail with today 's exchange rate ... that 's over two million martian dollar ! kuato ( suave ) what price do you put , Mr. quail , on the future of the solar system ? bennie aw , come off it , man . just for a bit of mumbo-jumbo with a crystal ball . kuato ( he manner slip ) listen , buster , we be talk heavy stuff here . you try and work out what 's with this guy ! he jerk he thumb toward quail . quail okay ! okay ! I will pay it , but the interstellar Trade practice Commission might be interested in this . everyone calm down . kuato smile . he extinguish all the light save one small blue one , which illuminate the room eerily , like a seance . kuato retrieving the past be like walk backwards along a perilous road . the half - recall , the half - forget , the repress , the fantasy , the triumph , joy , failure , betrayal ... he close he eye and concentrate . kuato ( continue ) yes ... I can feel it ... a wall . erasure technique be so brutal . ( frown ; scan harder ) Blocks . side channel . future and past all jumble . I shall have to enter deep trance to break through . ( rise ) I will be scan you through the Oracle head . kauto turn around and sit down with back toward quail . he reach up and lower he cowl , revealing : a tiny little head growing out of the back of he neck ! the head 's eye be close in sleep . it be utterly hairless and look like one of that doll make from dry apple ; a shrivel , ancient - look yellow little ball . the little face twitched , yawns and open its eye , blink . it look at melina , then at quail . it open its toothless little mouth and speak . ORACLE head do not fear I . I need you openness ... zoom in on quail be eye . ORACLE head ( continue ) open you thought to my presence ... continue zoom until entire frame be fill by quail be eye . ORACLE head ( continue ) open ... dissolve to : blackness broken by pulse of white light the alternation between dark ( action ) and white ( light ) be rhythmical so as to create a hypnotic , dream - like feel . 103 white light fade to reveal a dramatic close up of the sphinx . we see its face , shoulder and behind it the red martian sky -- 103a pull back to reveal the sphinx be a projection on a screen in a windowless briefing room . quail be seat across from cohaagen and other senior e.i.o. officer . on the wall be numerous satellite photo , recon map and excavation drawing -- all relate to the sphinx . 107 ext . martian sphinx - sunset scaffold and excavation work cover a wall of the sphinx ; the sphinx 's huge carve face visible in the background . quail and several other e.i.o. agent stand poise , wear breathe mask and protective gear , as a powerful excavation device prize back a huge stone , revealing a entrance to some kind of hidden chamber . the other agent be fearful , do not want to proceed . quail ignore they , enter the chamber -- 107a close - quail be face as he enter . we read awe , shock and fascination on he feature . he approach something we can not see . his hand reach out . suddenly , a bolt of incredible powerful energy flash out , strike quail like a bolt of lightning . white light . 105 int . last chance SALOON - night quail and melina be dance . the facete mirror ball on the ceiling become the -- white light . 106 int . bedroom - day melina watch from the bed as quail dress . she rise , with only the sheet around she , try desperately to make quail stay . plainly he want to , but he can not . they kiss lingeringly ; then quail , as if " call to duty , " exit . white light . 108 int . detention cell - windowless quail alone , hand bound , in a hold chamber . suddenly , the door open and three beefy e.i.o. agent enter . they grab quail to haul he out . quail battle they with amazing skill and resourcefulness . with he bound hand he slug one man , hurl he into a wall ; he rabbit - punch a second man with a two -hande blow and knock he unconscious . the third man sneak around behind quail and drop he with a blackjack to the back of the head . white light . 109 int . hospital room - windowless quail on he back , all four limb pin by some futuristic version of " the rack , " he head hold imobile by a fearsome device similar to the one we glimpse on Earth , in the van the two agent try to shove he into . several doctor stand over he . into frame move ... cohaagen ! cohaagen order the doctor to attach electrode to probe already insert into quail 's brain . as they turn up the power , quail 's face contort in a grimace of agony -- ORACLE head voice you have see you past . now read the future ... white light . 110 int . surreal tunnel - day or night the same scene we see during the film 's open sequence . a man wear a light - weight thermal suit race through a labyrinth of tunnel . the ground trembles beneath he , as if in a earthquake . explosion rumble deep in the ground below he . suddenly we realize -- the man be quail insert - close - quail he throw a backward glance over he shoulder , fearfully , as he run . suddenly a brilliant white light flood in from ahead of he ; he put up he hand to protect he eye -- and see he hand be splatter with blood ! quail run even faster -- ahead the brilliant light seem to promise safety . he battle toward it . sound of explosion increase , building urgency . up ahead , emerge from the light , hand reach out to help quail . he seem almost to safety . but just as he reach the hand -- two gunshot ring out ! SHOCK CUT to : 111 int . kuato' inner sanctum - night quail awaken with a jolt . White as a sheet ... sweat like he 's just run ten mile . then : a transformation seem to come over he . he look -- and sees : kuato slump across the cushion -- melina beside kuato -- bennie stand hold a smoking gun train on kuato . melina ( rush to quail ) Charles ! be you all right ? quail stare at she , as if a entire bank of lose memory be suddenly click back into place -- melina ( continue ) he keep drag you deeper and deeper into the trance ! we could not wake either of you ! bennie you stop breathe ! quail give bennie that same eerie look , then turn to kuato , who be sprawle motionless across the pillow , a curl of smoke rise from two entry wound in he spine . quail why do you kill he ? it be the next bit I really ... bennie no choice , boss . it be he or you . quail lunge across the pillow to kuato 's unbreathe form . quail shake the ancient mystic , try to find a last flicker of life . kuato 's body be dead white . quail release he grip ; he about to give up when -- a muffled chocked SOUND come from behind kuato 's neck . it 's the Oracle head ! quail instantly roll kuato 's body over . the head be still alive ! quail bend closer , kneel . ORACLE head ( whisper ) -- the vengence you seek ... and the salvation of Mars ... be wait for you in the crown of the sphinx . ( sag , gasp ) the Oracle head let out a long sigh and go limp , a small trickle of blood ooze from the corner of its mouth . bennie phobos and demo ! what be that all about ? quail ignore he , still kneel -- deep in think -- over the Oracle head . melina be you okay ?... Charles ? doug? whoever ? quail reach out and close the Oracle head 's tiny eyelid . melina and bennie exchange a glance . then : quail stands . for a moment he back be to melina and bennie . then he turn . he have become a different man . his eye gleam . he be forceful , purposeful , contain . once again the ace e.i.o. agent . melina sense immediately that this be the man she know before quail ( even he voice have change ) I be fine ... only I be not Doug -- I be Charles hauser ... and I know everything hauser know . he turn to bennie quail ( continue ) bennie , where 's you depot ? bennie ( work it out ) well ... you go outta here ... take a leave , then down past the first ... no second ... water bureau you ... quail ( briskly ) can you get we there ? bennie no problem . melina but why ? quail we be go to the sphinx . he stride off . the other follow , still full of question . bennie impossible , man . Guards everywhere . melina the Oracle ... what do you learn ? quail only everything . I have get total recall . they be now head down the stair toward the street . 114 ext . STREET - early morning quail , melina and bennie make they way through the crowd to bennie 's depot . the street be even busier then before - people be now beginning to evacuate the city . everyone be carry they possession - bundle , suitcase , pet , etc. , etc . the loudspeaker van be still touring and broad - casting the same message . bennie indicate a building on they leave . 115 int . car pool - early morning bennie and melina follow quail as he walk up and down the row of vehicle in the vast building . there be bull - dozer and ore hauler as well as solar taxi . bennie we will never get near the sphinx ! they will blow we apart ! quail ignore he as he continue to mumble to himself . he rapidly but carefully inspect each vehicle as they pass . camera track rapidly with they . melina what be we do , Charles ? for God 's sake , tell we . quail the sphinx ... it 's not some useless artifact , it 's a machine build by some alien race eighteen million year ago . the same race that build the on one Earth ... for the same purpose . he stop in front of a large , odd - shape vehicle with a large scoop or propeller on the front . quail ( continue ) this be what we need . he begin to climb in ; the other follow . bennie ( refer to the sphinx ) it 's a hunk of old stone , man . melina ( ditto ) purpose ? what purpose ? bennie start the engine . quail come on , bennie , move it . ( then , to melina ) have you hear the word , " terriform " ? melina shake she head . the vehicle move off . 115a ext . AIR lock - morning guard be carefully check every vehicle leave the city , though this have to be do fairly rapidly because of the inhabitant leave for the Space port . the vehicle with bennie , quail and melina arrive . 115b int . vehicle - AIR lock - morning bennie be nervous . melina and quail be in the back , but can not be see . Guards be check all vehicle exite , look for quail and melina . bennie ( call to Guards ) just deliverin ' some old junk to the mine out at apidalia planitia . get they people you be lookin ' for in the back as well . the Guards laugh and signal he on . once through the second door of the air lock ( i.e. to the area outside the city ) , quail and melina emerge and sit up on the rear seat . quail the machine in the sphinx be tapped straight down to the molten core of this planet . there be tunnel and duct everywhere , all power by fusion generator ... bennie you sure the little man do not fry you brain , quail ? melina ( overlap ) for what ? to do what ? quail to combine element in the martian core and release they as oxygen , hydrogen and nitrogen . bennie that 's air ! 116b ext . desert - morning in a wide shot , the vehicle be traversing the desert . the dome city be some distance in the background . voice be hear in false perspective . emphasis be on the dry and hostile natural landscape of Mars . quail that 's right . Air and water . terriform will create a permanent livable environment for Mars . no more pressurize city , no more container in the desert . there will be river , vegetation - life - the same as Earth . melina ( baffle ) so why be cohaagen shipping everyone out ? quail do not you see ?! from be a pile of red dirt with mineral , Mars be go to change into a chunk of priceless real estate . melina and cohaagen 's go to own it all ! quail right ! he can start sell it off to well - heele investor from Earth . Beach condo , ski resort , you name it . melina no wonder he want you to ... penetrate ... out group . quail ( nod ) once word of this get out , the whole planet will support you . 117 ext . desert - day the vehicle be now approach the sphinx . both it and the pyramid can be see some distance away . Voice be hear in cu perspective . melina so what can we do ? quail ruin he little scheme by terriforming ahead of schedule - while the inhabitant be still here . melina be amaze . melina but who will work the machine ? do you know how ? quail I be the only one who do . why do you think cohaagen 's leave I alone all this time ? 118 ext . desert - day the vehicle be even closer to the sphinx . quail I be the first one inside when they crack the riddle of the sphinx . it must have be program . some kind of ... force ... shot into I . melina but cohaagen wipe you memory !!! quail ( smoothly ) just a way of put I on ice . he would of reverse it once the planet be evacuate . bennie man ! this be real complicated . go over it again , real slow . 119 int . vehicle - day quail ( ignore bennie 's aside ) what he have not count on be you effect on I . melina ( smile ) and all without the marvel of modern science ! quail look out the back window , he attention attract by two patrol vehicle . they be some distance away , but approach steadily . 119a ext . desert - day a wide shot show a total of four patrol vehicle approach - ing the vehicle with quail , melina and bennie . suddenly , it stop move . 120 int . vehicle - day the vehicle have just stop . quail bennie , do not stop now , take it ... he turn to see bennie be cover he and melina with a pistol . melina you bastard . bennie like I say . it 's a tough planet . I be a baddie , not a goodie . quail I should have know , you be just too helpful . bennie eio rule one , man . trust nobody . now you can do you terriforming stuff right when that space shuttle be go . melina but what about the martian people ? out cause ? I think you believe in it . bennie you cause ? that bunch of dead beat radical ! when I hand in this little number ... ( flick he gun in quail 's face ) ... I will get real estate rights on the whole of chryse planitia ... at that instant , melina lunge , punch a red emergency button . the vent beside bennie 's hand blows OPEN , [ cause ] a powerful suction cause by Mars 's vacuum atmosphere . bennie 's gun hand be planted against the vent [ open .] simultaneously , the air in the vehicle start rush out ! all three party begin choke . as bennie 's mechanical hand claw for the lever that seal the vent , quail have a moment to jump he . he pound bennie 's gun hand , the pistol be sucked , clatter , out the vent ! quail deliver a roundhouse punch to bennie , knock he clear across the bus . melina seal the vent , repressurize the cabin . bennie get up off the floor , shaking off quail 's punch -- 121 ext . desert - day the e.i.o. vehicle be a half mile off -- and close in . 122 int . sand mole - day quail glance at the vehicle , turn to bennie -- ready to jump he . but stop short at what he see bennie do . bennie be clipping on he mechanical arm . it sprout several row of vicious - look steel blade -- bennie this make bennie a cut above anyone else . bennie press another button and the blade start spinning . bennie 's mechanical arm be in effect now a buzz saw ! the fight begin . bennie attack quail with he buzz-saw arm ; quail dodge . bennie 's arm shred various article in the cabin -- and keep melina at bay with well - time swipe . finally bennie get in a roundhouse punch to quail 's jaw with he real hand . quail sprawl , daze . now bennie go for the kill . but melina leap onto he . bennie grab she by the hair and move he spinning hand in for the quick kill . melina clutches the terrifying appendage with both hand , desperately keep it at bay . but she strength be no match for bennie ; the whirring blade be just about to bite into melina 's neck when -- quail come back , land a ferocious rabbit punch to bennie 's spine . quail lunge at he , grab the blade weapon ; he and bennie crash into the cabin wall and -- the blade rip clear through the mole' wall ! alarm sound as a gaping hole be blown in the side of the cabin ! all the AIR be sucked out by mars' external vacuum ! now no one can breathe . they all claw for they mask , [ still ] in place . bennie be first ; he recover , lunge with he spinning arm for quail . quail barely dodge , grab the arm , muscle it back toward bennie -- the spinning blade sever bennie' own oxygen line ! gasp - ing , he falter . quail aim a titanic blow , punch bennie out through the hole in the mole 's wall ! quail and melina , mask on , stare out as bennie claw desperately at he severe air line . the martian vacuum pull the oxygen from bennie 's lung , he choke , stagger -- 122aa ext . desert - day bennie be beside the vehicle . he implode like a balloon with all its air go . 122ab int / ext . vehicle - day melina hide she face in horror . at that instant -- 122a ext . desert - day bullet dig into the sand all around the vehicle . the patrol car be only a few hundred yard away ! loud - speaker call for quail 's surrender . 122b int . vehicle - day quail lunge for the vehicle control . press a button mark " dive " . the vehicle tilt . 122c ext . desert - day the vehicle burrow powerfully into the sand . as the patrol car close in and rake the desert with gunfire , the vehicle vanish from sight . in the distance , the sphinx loom ominously . a driver in one of the patrol vehicle ( film from outside the windscreen ) be speak into a microphone . he can not be hear but can only be radio a report . 123 int . sand mole - moving - underground the little mining vehicle move powerfully , propel by its borer nose . quail man the control while melina struggle to shore up the gape hole in the side , into which sand be pouring as the mole move forward . quail look at a compass in the control panel . he make a correction . quail ( shout over engine noise ) hope I have get this direction right . Sand pour over he from bullet hole result from the encounter with patrol car . cu speedometer : 22 mph . every other gauge be overheate , flash warning light -- 124 int . sphinx control room - day cohaagen and a number of he associate , plus scientist and heavily arm troops be present . cohaagen the air supply be off under the dome ? emile yes , sir . in a couple of hour it will be all go . cohaagen any trouble with the rabble ? emile not much , sir . a lot of complain . but they be all head towards the shuttle area . on some of the video screen a number of space shuttle can be see , ready for departure to Earth . 123 int . tunnel beneath sphinx the mole bore through a sand wall , emerge into a cramped horizontal tunnel . quail and melina leap out . the poor mole be smoking like a overheate drill bit . its nose be wear to a nub . melina we get in with this thing , but we will never get back out . quail a shame . such a pleasant trip . there 's a light area at the end of the tunnel . quail and melina hurry toward it , move silently , close to the wall . 126b int . MAIN downshaft they draw up a abyss -- where they tunnel intersect the MAIN downshaft . melina gasp at the colossal scale of the drilling , hundred of yard across , deeper than the eye can see , and crisscross by catwalk , buttress and super- sophisticated technology . quail and melina be forty foot below the upper end of the main downshaft . they can look up the shaft and see the first interior level of the sphinx itself . quail ( point down shaft ) this be the main tap -- straight down to the core of Mars . when we trigger the mechanism , fusion reactor will detonate down there -- four hundred mile deep . melina remind I not to slip . quail the new element will come booming up through this shaft -- and six thousand other all around the planet . he 's right at home -- and full of confidence . quail climb onto the ladder , which link various top level . he start to climb . melina follow he . they be tiny figure . the space around they plummet down to infinity . 127 int . corridor at top of shaft - lowest manned level ( level one ) a patrol of nine heavily - armed guard appear from a corridor in level one -- directly above where quail and melina be climb . 128 on the wall of the shaft quail and melina 's head inch into view at floor level . they take one peek at this formidable warrior and duck back swiftly out of sight . 129 int . top of shaft - lowest manned level ( level one ) guard leader ( to two of he man ) stay in contact . I want to hear from this checkpoint every four minute . Seven of the Guards move off , two remain in position . we hear the footstep of the seven guard recede . the two remain guard realize they isolation ; they glance tensely to one another . guard # 1 do you hear something ? guard # 2 no. where ? guard # 1 over there . the first Guard point to the edge of the main shaft -- right where quail and melina be hide . the Guards cock they weapon , start cautiously forward . just as they be about to peer over the brink , gun at the ready : quail be voice ( o.s. ) ( from behind the guard ) I be not there , boy . I be here . the guard spin around , weapon poise . stand in the shadow , near the corridor , be quail ! ( still with no gun ) both guard walk quickly toward quail , cover he with they weapon . guard # 1 ( to Guard # 2 ) watch he . he be eio train . they be all full of trick . guard # 2 yeah ? like ... who be that guy ? -- Fred bond ?? ( to quail ) keep them up , Fred , keep them up . quail have he arm raise high . just as the Guards reach he , he fizze electronically , emit a hum sound , then disappear . guard # 1 a hologram ! before either Guard can react , the real quail appear -- one foot behind they . with two lightning blows , he dispatch the Guards . ( apparently quail have climb out of the shaft while the Guards be distract . ) quail snatch both Guards ' weapon , grenade and ammo belt . melina climb out of the shaft . quail toss she one of the Guard 's gun . 130 int . corridor - level one alarm go off everywhere . quail -- carry a gun and all the grenade and ammo belt -- and melina ( just carry a gun ) bolt down a corridor past a sign : " level one " . melina ( run ) where would you get that little trick ? quail ( run ) mail - order company . it 's a great one for fool the wife . 131 int . control room ( level thirteen ) cohaagen and he aide hear the alarm , see quail and melina on monitor as they race down the corridor on level one . cohaagen how the hell do they get in ? security aide up the fusion core . cohaagen up the fusion core ?? he exhibit begrudge admiration for quail . security aide ( study monitor more carefully ) they're on level one . a wall sign behind cohaagen read : " level thirteen " . cohaagen seal all upper level . a button be press and huge door slide across in front of the formidable door already close the Control room off from the outside corridor . 133 int . level one corridor quail and melina be still racing through the corridor . he pass she a fresh ammo belt . quail ( indicate weapon ) know how to use one of this ? melina expertly eject she spend clip ( that Guards fire at quail ) , slam in a fresh clip and cock the gun . quail have a half - second to react , impressed , then -- four guard pound into view at the end of the corridor . melina open fire , nail two . quail heave a grenade ; as it explode , he and melina bolt down a side corridor -- 134 int . various corridor , catwalk , stair alarm continue as quail and melina dash down the side passageway . more guard cut they off ; melina 's machine gun send they scatter -- quail pause at a corner . he look around quickly and see that a elevator be arrive . he motion melina back . the door of the elevator begin to open . very quickly , quail bob he head and arm around the corner . he call out , loudly ... quail catch ! he hurl something toward the armed man in the elevator . instinctively one of they reach for the throw object . it be a explosive device of some sort . quail and melina press themselves against the wall just around a corner from the elevator . there be a tremendous explosion . quail , follow by melina , round a corner . the elevator be in ruin ; body be scattered everywhere . melina great stuff , but how do we get up ? she point toward the upper level . 135 int . control room ( level thirteen ) melina and quail can be see on the security monitor from a high angle . quail look up , spot the monitor , and shoot be to piece . the image on the screen go black . cohaagen forget they . we will pick up quail once the shuttle have leave for Earth . 137 int . corridor quail spot a large windowed AIR lock at the end of the corridor . he and melina race to it . quail start to open the inner door of the air lock . quail if you be afraid of the height , you better get over it real quick . he be pull melina through the inner air lock door just as -- guard stampede around the corner of the corridor toward they . quail be out of sight , but they see melina poise near the window . she wave and smile to they , hide she gun behind she body . they slow down and approach less cautiously , beguile by she manner and attractiveness . as they get close , she suddenly lift she gun and open fire , mow they down . 140 ext . sphinx be face - day quail and melina climb through the outer air lock door . they be at the sphinx 's shoulder , with a dizzying drop beneath they . melina look down . she 's sorry she do : the fall be at least 200 foot . ( both be wear they breathe apparatus . ) quail and melina start to climb . up the sphinx 's shoulder , along its egyptian - like headdress -- 141 int . control room - day cohaagen 's chief aide , emile , address he quietly . emile if quail 's the only one who can operate all this ... ( gesture toward sphinx 's control ) ... then he can call all the shot . cohaagen we will tell he the computer 's work out the operational detail so we do not really need he . we be just do he a favor . emile and if that do not work ? cohaagen we offer he reward . emile what if that do not work ? cohaagen we will torture he . you do not think I get this far by be a nice guy ? 142 ext . sphinx be face - day quail and melina traverse across the cheekbone , haul themselves up at the base of the red translucent eye -- 142a int . control room - day the video monitor show the space shuttle . a operator , with earphone , turn to cohaagen . operator first of the shuttle ready for departure , sir . two minute countdown . 142b ext . sphinx - day quail jam three grenade against the glass of the eye , pull melina back behind the stone cheek -- 143 int . sphinx control room a muffled explosion ( due to the thin martian atmosphere ) detonate overhead . the sphinx be right eye blows in a storm of shard and shrapnell . instantly , the room turn into a hurricane as the martian vacuum suck out all air ! everyone panic , grab they cohaagen seal the breach ! repressurize ! a aide dive for a emergency switch . but now -- quail and melina , wear breather mask , burst in onto a overhead catwalk . they OPEN FIRE on the Guards , who be choke , struggle with they mask . a emergency pressure seal power into place , sealing the breach in the eye . repressurization come up , the internal atmosphere stabilize -- none of the man inside the control room still move . the victor tug off they mask , spring down to the main level . melina hurry to the main control panel . melina look towards the video monitor show half a dozen huge space shuttle line up for departure . melina that shuttle be start up any minute . if you know how to work this thing , you better do it now . quail tentatively approach the imposingly complex machinery . quail yes ... he hesitates . melina do not you know how ? transfix , mesmerize , quail move closer to the control panel . quail yes ... there 's a vital connection miss ... he approach even closer . he begin to raise he arm towards a blank area a little above he head . quail ( continue ) ...me ... cohaagen wait ! melina do not wait ! cohaagen if you activate the mechanism you will die ... there be glimpsis of it in you memory . quail wrong , cohaagen , there 's a long tunnel , a brilliant white light , hand reach for I ... cohaagen ( assure ) that 's you death . that 's what it look like . that 's what be always look like . quail look around he , half - convinced . melina ( look toward space shuttle on video screen ) Charles - for Mars 's sake .... quail hesitates . he look from melina to cohaagen . cohaagen it 's not too late . join we again . U have a lot to offer . a whole world . quail continue to look at he , thoughtfully . quail you do not deserve a new world , you and people like you make too big a mess of the old one . time someone else have a chance . he turn back to the machine and slowly raise he arm again . his finger reach towards the blank section on the panel . slowly , through the panel , a luminous hand reach toward quail 's finger . gently , the finger of the two hand touch . the entire control room begin to rumble and shudder . as quail reach for melina , cohaagen suddenly dive on he . they grapple amid the shudder sphinx and can be see only intermittently as debris crash around they . the fight end as cohaagen be hurl backwards and disappear when a section of floor collapse underneath he . 144 int . surreal tunnel a reprise of the sequence that open the movie . quail run through a labyrinth of tunnel . the ground heave beneath he ... huge stone block crash donw on all side ! we hear a explosion and another and another , each one sounding closer than the last -- quail clamp he breathe mask on as he run . be this he own death ? where be melina ? the tunnel wall be just like the one in quail 's original nightmare -- bright reddish - orange , clay and quartz . quail throw a backward glance fearfully over he shoulder . the explosion be closer . suddenly -- up ahead appear a brilliant white light . quail see it , but it only terrify he more . be it death he 's run to ? he hurry on with all he strength , but -- just as he near the white light , he fall . on he knee , too weak to move . he struggle -- hand be reaching out to he , from out of the brilliant light . quail stretch for they , just as -- a final explosion blow he forward -- straight into the white light ! the hand seize he , pull he upward to -- 145 ext . martian desert - day the hand belong to breather - mask miner , dismount rapidly from a overload transport vehicle which be take they to the Space Port . quail look from they to melina , who be walk towards the group . quail be p.o.v . - miner ' masked face the miner ' desert garb , shield goggle and breather add to the surreal nightmare quality of quail 's torture perspective -- back to quail in terror , lose , disorient totally . quail be I die ? masked miner I will not lie to you , pal . you be . miner ( from melina 's bar ) I would say in about forty year ... ( he and other help quail to he foot ) ... come on , we have gotta get to the Space Port . that intergalactic napoleon 's switch off the air . 2 nd miner shippin ' we all out . Mars be finish . a miner' wife watch they . she be cry . quail look up at the sky . melina follow he glance . so do the other . slowly , but perceptibly , the color be change from yellow to blue . melina it 's happen . miner what be it ? all the miner be puzzle , apprehensive . quail reach toward the one who speak to he before and pull off he breathe apparatus . at first the man be shocked , then realize he can breathe without it . quail take off he own , then melina 's all the miner watch in amazement . they all remove they breathe mask . quail that 's just the start . next there will be rain and growth and ... life . melina embrace he . quail ( continue ) rekall could never have come up with anything like this . melina look oddly at he , smile , mysterious . as the sky become more and more blue , more of the miner descend from the bus . softly at first , then with more and more confidence , they begin sing the martian National anthem . the music swell . quail put he arm around melina . they both join in the chorus . it reach a impassion crescendo as the frame freeze and the end credit roll up the screen . the end