totem screenplay by Evan dickson Story by Evan dickson & marcel sarmiento divide / conquer gunpowder & Sky blumhouse production HBO / cinemax darkness we hear trickle water . bird chirp . then ... a sicken thud . flesh and bone strike something hard . a splash . a woman scream . in pain , daze and incoherent . Water violently overwhelming she breath ... ext . watering hole - morning a small waterfall feed a secluded swim hole among the redwood . peaceful . serene . we move over the rock near the water 's edge until ... we come across a thatch of matte , bloody hair . a lifeless body rest in shallow water near the shore . blood trickle over a woman 's hand -- a pale strip of skin where she wedding band once rest . cur to black : title card -- totem ext . scott valley , CA - day we snap out of the darkness into a new day . a beautiful mountain town in the hill above Santa Cruz . ext . scott valley high school - track - day ecu - a brand new run shoe . youthful female hand enter frame and SNAP the lace tight . cU - a starter gun fire . cur to : ext . scott valley high school - track - continuous six athletic high school girl in the middle of a sprint . kellie caldwell ( 17 ) -- confident , smart and center beyond she year -- quickly pull ahead of four of the girl . almost at the front ... she trail the winner by a hair . swish . the winner break through the ribbon . kellie in close succession . applause from the stand . kellie briefly wince at she loss -- then smile and wave to the crowd . cur to : moment later time for a picture . kellie hold a second place medal aloft and wrap a arm around jame caldwell ( early 40 's ) -- she handsome , proud father . pose at they foot be little sister ABBY ( 8 ) -- almost too shy to smile . a moment with the happy family ... SNAP ! todd ( 17 ) -- athletic and kind -- be keep to the sideline . forever stick in the friend zone . kellie approach he and he attempt to hug she . she inadvertently recoil but save the moment with a smile . kellie ( nervous laugh ) come on , I be all sweaty . she glance at she family to make sure they do not see . int . / ext . jame 's car - night kellie and Abby eat celebratory ice cream as James navigate the wind road . James pull to a stop at a desert red light . jame you kill it out there . kellie I guess . it would be nice to win at some point ... jame you get a trophy , do not you ? kellie so do two other girl . jame well , I be allow to be proud of you . ABBY be you proud of I too ? jame of course I be . ABBY for what ? jame for buck the trend . ABBY what do that mean ? jame it mean that I be proud of how unique you be . you be go to grow up to be something special . kellie ( lightly teasing ) we special snowflake . ext . caldwell house - night they pull into the driveway of a nice , semi-secluded house in the hill . int . master bedroom - night James and the girl be in bed -- Abby in the middle -- the comforter pull up around they . he grab the Apple remote . jame what ' 1ll it be ? kellie it 's you turn . jame you be the big winner . you decide . kellie you never choose . you should get some say around here at some point . jame ( be : Abby ) frozen ? kellie if that 's how you want to spend you turn . you will both be asleep so quick it will not matter . jame that , my young lady , be bs . cur to : int . master bedroom - night James and Abby be fast asleep . the tv illuminate the room . int . kitchen - night kellie rinse dish -- part of she routine -- and place they in the drying rack . her eye linger on the soapy water ... bubbles swirl across the surface ... we push in on she face ... lose in think ... we see the sink get perilously full then overflow . Water start to pool at she foot . she snap out of it , shut the sink off and grab a rag . int . master bedroom - night she cover James with the blanket , pick Abby up and carry she out of the room . int . live room - continuous beep ! beep ! beep ! the motion sensor go off as kellie carry Abby through the room . kellie ( quietly ) yeah , yeah . int . abby' bedroom - night kellie tuck Abby in . it 's shivering cold . she try to shut the window over the bed -- but it 's stick . she push harder ... it come loose . almost slamm shut before kellie catch it again ... kellie glance down at Abby . thankfully still asleep . int . kellie 's bedroom - night kellie carefully hang she newest prize on the large trophy shelf that hang over she bed . win trophy , medal and ribbon from throughout the year be arrange chronologically from leave to right . all of they be second or third place . except for the very first one -- World 's best daughter . she get in bed and pull up the cover . satisfied . as soon as she shut she eye -- whisper from another room . int . abby' bedroom - night kellie enter to find Abby stand in a corner of the room -- whisper at the wall . kellie what be you do ? ABBY talk ... kellie be not you a little old for imaginary friend ? she walk over to Abby , place she hand on she shoulder , and steer she back to bed . ABBY but I be not tired anymore . Abby lay in bed , let kellie pull the cover over she . kellie what do you mean ? you be not scared , be you ? ABBY no. kellie so why can not you go back to sleep ? ABBY because . kellie well , count some sheep or something , alright ? it will make my job easier . kellie playfully pinch she cheek and get up to leave . as she reach the door she glance back at Abby ... somewhat unsettle by all of this . int . kitchen - morning egg in a pan . Bacon sizzling . toast pop out of a toaster . kellie cook breakfast for three . be do it for year . Abby shuffles in wear cowgirl boot over she tight . kellie nope , inappropriate . ABBY why ? kellie just one of that society thing , sis . go change . James -- wear a bathrobe -- pass by Abby as he head to the fridge . jame ( to kellie ) need any help ? kellie you do not have time to help . get dress . James look down at he bathrobe and nod -- ' you be right ' . he give she a quick kiss on the forehead . jame what would I do without you ? James turn and head back to he room -- leave kellie to beam with pride over she successful morning routine . int . kitchen - later that morning kellie and Abby eat breakfast . playful . not a care in the world . James , now dress , sit between they . nervous about something -- he take a deep breath . kellie what be it ? jame nothing ... I just ... I think it 's time we talk about -- kellie oh no . ABBY what be it ? kellie not what . who. her. ( to James ) when ? jame next week . ABBY I like she . kellie look , I just want you to be happy . jame I too . kellie but can I just say one thing ? and it 's about what 's right for you , so you can not get mad . jame I reserve the right to get mad , but go ahead . kellie I would rather see you with someone ... else . jame and now I be a little mad . kellie why ? jame because you do not get a vote now . you get a vote at the beginning , between we third and fourth date . not a year and a half later . kellie I be sorry I just ... jame I have play more than fair . I have not have she over for sleepover kellie tmi . jame -- that you know of . kellie Way tmi . jame and now I want she in my life . we life , actually . you could use some help around here . you can just be seventeen . Real seventeen , not superhero seventeen . kellie lean back in she chair , annoyed . this be a battle she cannot win . kellie I like superhero seventeen . cur to : ext . Beer thirty - night the patio of a laid back gastropub . James sit across from robin ( 29 ) -- warm , sunny and ever so slightly " off . " jame be you kid ? the girl love you . robin he smile really ? I just get this feel ... jame look , it 's a shake - up . but I know it will be a good one . robin I do not want they to associate I with disruption . jame sometimes disruption be good . I need disruption . robin I know . but I remember that age . seventeen ? she will have a opinion . jame be you have second thought ? because the move deposit 's -- robin no ! no . I wanna make it work either way . I be just think out loud . I think I could be a good friend to they , you know ? ( beat ) and a good partner to you . jame wow . and take she hand . jame ( cont would ) what a toxic presence you will be . int . uhaul - day tight on Robin . she stand in front of a mirror -- steeling herself for something . 10 . a cramped space contain lot of new - age ceramic sculpture and the equipment to make they . it look like we be in she apartment ... she brace herself in front of the mirror and take a calm , reassure breath . robin you can do this . she take a few step towards the exit ... ext . caldwell house - continuous ... and step outside . revealing the uhaul in the driveway . int . live room - day kellie and Abby sit on the floor -- take in the progress . the family cat sit between they . the sculpture stick out like a sore thumb in they new environment . Robin kneel down to kellie and Abby 's eyeline . robin I just want to thank you girl for let I into you home and you heart . you know I love you dad and I be look forward to be you -- ABBY Mom ? kellie sister ? robin I could be a bit of both . a momster . kellie now that have a ring to it . robin you be right . we will just vibe it out . Abby notice James remove a single picture from the wall . he place it in a box and head to he room . she follow . 11 . int . master bedroom - day James remove a couple of photo from he dresser and add they to the box . behind he -- a electrician install a custom chandelier above the bed . ceramic and glass . sculpt by Robin . ABBY what be you do ? jame it 's a new start , right ? ABBY she do not know you be marry ? jame of course she do . it 's about make she feel at home . and it 's a new start for I too . Abby pries one of the picture away from he . they family as it be five year ago -- James , kellie ( then 12 ) , Abby ( then 3 ) and lexy ( early 30 's ) . lexy be luminous . Big eye that could find a lie anywhere . ABBY I do not remember she . jame well , there will not be a test . you be three . James kneel down next to she and look at the picture . jame ( cont would ) she love you very much . ( think ) we can put this in you room if you want . would you like that ? Abby smile and nod . Robin enter -- surprised by the chandelier . robin wow . it 's up already ? jame yep. 12 . robin be you sure it ... fit ? jame ( lie ) yep . int . live room - day kellie roam among the box and knick - knack infect she house . there 's definitely some annoyance simmer up . int . caldwell house - foyer - day Robin be unpack dozen of book and place they on the shelf . New age stuff . some ya fiction . some poetry and eastern religion selection sprinkle in . kellie reach for one call ' the replacement mother : how not to be a wick stepmom . ' kellie good stuff . you make it all the way through this one ? Robin -- simultaneously gentle and firm -- remove the book from kellie 's hand . she know when she 's be make fun of . robin can not blame I for try . kellie ( backpedal ) well you know Abby 's kind of weird . if you need any help , you can just ask I . there 's no book for she . Robin smile . robin thanks . that would be great . ext . backyard - night James -- drape in a bloody apron -- open up the grill and inspect a delicious look tri-tip . a bottle of lighter fluid at he side . 13. int . dine room - later Robin plate the food as Abby sit in she chair giggle and talk to ... no one . ABBY ( girlish and formal ) you will have to wait . it 's dinner time . kellie throw a look at Robin -- ' see what I mean ? ' robin when do this start ? kellie just the other day . ( to Abby ) abs . what 's the deal ? robin I guess imaginary friend can be healthy . kellie not as healthy as real one . robin meh , let she explore . kellie I be sorry do you just say " meh ? " like , phonetically ? robin be that not how you do it ? kellie no , momster . Internet only . you sure you be only twenty - nine ? robin just different interest I guess . Robin 's smile fade a bit -- kellie decide to ease up a little . kellie good for you . I would love to unplug . ( beat ) plus it 's probably just the generation gap . 14 . int . kitchen - night blood ooze out as James carve the tri-tip . int . dine room - night the '' new '' caldwell family settles in for dinner . kellie and Abby prepare to dig into they steak . Robin swoops in and sprinkle a bunch of seed on they meat right before they fork make contact . kellie sesame seed ? robin hemp seed . kellie so what , be I go to be stone all night ? robin of course not . kellie I run track . they test , you know . robin it will not show up . ( reconsider ) and if it do it 's not like weed ever make anyone faster . jame it 's okay , kellie . robin its get omega 3's . you dad love it . jame load I up . Robin sprinkle seed on he steak as he glare at kellie -- ' give she a break . 's kellie actually it just add a little extra crunch . I like it . robin you brain like it too . 15 . James set he fork down and raise a glass of wine . jame I would just like to take this opportunity to welcome Robin into we home ... ( look into Robin 's eye ) «+. and into we family . everyone clink they glass . kellie and Robin exchange nervous look as they move they glass in for a toast ... smash . Robin 's glass shatter in she hand . everyone at the table startles . jame ( cont would ) Jesus ! robin ouch . blood drip from Robin 's hand . kellie be you okay ? Robin get up , head to the sink and wash off the wound . robin yeah , can you just grab I a paper towel ? kellie grab a roll of paper towel and head over to Robin . blood trickle down Robin 's finger into the water in the sink . oddly similar to the image in the open scene . kellie yikes . Robin rinse the wound . it 's tiny . kellie press the paper towel into Robin 's palm . int . kellie' bathroom - night kellie floss and brushes she tooth . all of she movement control and efficient . almost comically precise . a noise from inside she room . she turn she head ... 16 . int . kellie' bedroom - night kellie step from she bathroom into the bedroom . whoosh . the window open . she jump back and let out a gasp . Todd poke he head through . kellie Jesus Christ , you scared I . ( catch she breath ) you can not be here right now . todd why not ? kellie my dad 's here . Todd finish climb through the window . todd he 's never here on tuesday . kellie well , now she 's here and that 's change . on Todd -- ' bummer . ' todd that suck . kellie do not you see the car ? Todd move towards she ... aim for seductive , only achieve awkward . she allow a laugh . he lean in for a kiss but she pull away . kellie ( cont would ) we have talk about this . todd come on , we have be dance around it forever . you know we be more than friend . kellie how 's that ? 17. todd I can tell by the way you look at I . he lean in again . todd ( cont would ) they will not hear anything . they be probably go at it right now . kellie and you think we should do it in sync with they ? ew . she gently push he away . kellie ( cont would ) I do not want to think of he that way . todd you mean with another woman ? kellie what ?! todd instead of you mom . kellie no . no one want to think about they dad do anything . int . master bedroom - night James and Robin be in fact not go at it . his advance have be thwart by some worry on Robin 's part . a breeze blow in through the open window . robin the seed be stupid . I should have ask before put they on . jame it 's not a big deal . she like they . robin yeah , but it 's my first night here and I be mess with she food . not good . 18 . she shake she head , lose in the past . robin ( cont would ) I be never cool in school . whenever I try they just hate I more . int . ABBY 's bedroom - night Abby 's half asleep . the window by she bed be once again open -- allow a gentle breeze into the room . she shiver a bit . pull the blanket tighter . her foot be still expose . brrr . Abby 's sheet lift up . at first we think it 's the billow wind ... until it 's pulled down to cover she foot . a quiet beat . the open window slam shut and the sheet pull tight around Abby -- literally imprison she on the bed . int . kellie 's bedroom - continuous Todd and kellie hear Abby scream ! she head for the door . Todd follow . int . master bedroom - continuous James and Robin exchange look and jump out of bed . int . ABBY 's bedroom - continuous kellie and Todd run into Abby 's room . Abby 's curl up ina ball on the bed . kellie what happen ? James enter the room -- worried . int . hallway - continuous Robin second guess if she should go into Abby 's room or not -- ' I do not want to overstep my bound . ' she see something moving out of the corner of she eye . 19 . she turn she head . ' what 's that ? ' she look over to kellie 's room ... the door be open ... a single trophy fall from kellie 's shelf to the ground . she take a step towards it ... but Abby 's cry grow louder . she take a deep breath and head into Abby 's bedroom . int . abby' bedroom - continuous Robin enter and take she place by James ' side . Todd lurk in the background -- almost hope James will not notice he . ABBY someone slam the window ! jame sweetie , no one slam it . James lift the window . it 's loose . slide down too easily . jame ( cont would ) it fall . kellie take a step towards Abby but Robin beat she to it -- she watch as the new addition comfort she sister . jame ( cont would ) I will fix it later . it 's too cold to be open anyway . Robin pull the sheet back onto Abby 's bed . James turn and lock eye with Todd . jame ( cont would ) and what 's he do here ? kellie get I ground ? ext . caldwell house - night kellie usher Todd out front . they shiver in the night air . todd I do not know what I be think . I just want to help . 20 . kellie you heart be in the right place . just not you head . todd you really go to be ground ? kellie please . he 's wrap around my finger . todd pretty soon he will be wrap around you stepmom 's . he pat she on the shoulder and head to he car . kellie ( call out ) she 's not my stepmom ! todd not yet . int . ABBY 's bedroom - night kellie enter ... Abby be nowhere to be see . whisper from the closet . kellie open the door to find Abby inside . Abby look up at she . ABBY I be not scared anymore . kellie good . yeah , it be just a loud noise . she take hold of Abby 's hand and gently pull she up and out of the closet . kellie ( cont would ) you have really gotta cut that out . she guide Abby back into bed . ABBY I be not tired . kellie I have hear that before . ( more ) 21 . kellie ( cont would ) ( sigh ) I can lay here for a bit if you want . kellie crawl into bed with Abby . she notice the family photo on she bedside table . kellie ( cont would ) dad give you that ? a beat while Abby consider she next think . ABBY why do not daddy talk about how she die ? kellie well , it 's not fun to talk about . and mommy be not ... it be not a good time for daddy and mommy . ( switch gear ) all you need to know be that she be amazing and she love you . ( beat ) Lay on you front and I 'il show you how she use to put I to sleep . Abby lay on she stomach . kellie place two finger at the small of she back and gently walk they up she spine . kellie ( cont would ) ( sing ) the itsy-bitsy spider go up the water spout ... she quickly trail she finger away from Abby 's neck . kellie ( cont would ) ( sing ) down come the rain and wash the spider out . out come the sun and dry up all the rain . she walk she finger back up . kellie ( cont would ) and the itsy -bitsy spider climb up the spout again . ABBY again . 22. kellie if you be anything like I be this will take a while . ( sing ) the itsy-bitsy spider go up the water spout ... we pan over from the bed to Abby 's door ... slightly open . a eye watch they from outside . int . hallway - continuous Robin -- in she nightgown -- watch from the darkness of the hallway . maybe jealous ... maybe just want to know how to take care of Abby ... after a beat she turn and head back to she bedroom . int . master bathroom - night Robin soak in the tub -- a candle light on the edge of the -- basin -- try to unwind . a knock on the door . she startles . jame ( 0.c. ) everything okay in there ? robin yep ! just try to unwind . ( to herself ) and hope this get easier . tap . a water drop fall from the shower head above and land on she forehead . tap . Robin glance up at the shower head -- annoyed . another water drop form then ... tap . the candle flicker as though wind blow over it . Robin look around ... all the window be close . tap . tap . Robin look over to the sink -- which be now drip . ' weird . ' 23. she get out of the tub , put on she bathrobe and head to the sink . she twist the faucet off . tap . a drop of water strike she forehead . she look up ... .».. and see a thin line of water stretch across the ceiling from the shower -- stop right over she head . tap . she grab a towel and blot the water from the ceiling . she look to the candle ... which flicker again before go out completely . int . kitchen - morning Egg white and spinach in a pan . Turkey bacon in the microwave . spelt toast pop out of the toaster . a healthier , more hippy -ish version of the breakfast we see earlier . kellie practically skip in only to stop in she track as she discover Robin have take over she duty . robin Breakfast ? kellie you know , you do not have to do this . I normally get it . part of my routine . robin oh no , you have get school . you probably have to cram for test or whatever . it will be my routine . kellie I really think Abby 's use to -- Abby -- happily munch away -- look up from she plate . ABBY this be good ! kellie sigh , grab a plate and take she seat . ding ! a laptop on the table chime . Robin run over to it and clasp she hand excitedly . 24 . onscreen -- Robin 's etsy page . her sculpture actually sell like crazy . robin sold another one ! ABBY of that thing ? kellie stifles a laugh . kellie ( whisper to Abby ) be nice . Robin grab a plate of food and join they at the table . robin ( to Abby ) you get back to sleep okay after you little adventure ? ABBY yeah . the window do not fall like dad say , though . robin oh no ? ABBY I be cold so she shut it . robin who shut it ? kellie I do not think -- ABBY I think it be Mom . the air be suck out of the room . kellie Abby , it be not Mom okay ? Mom 's not here anymore . robin oh , I be sure she 's here in some way . Robin reach out with both arm , grab kellie and Abby by the hand , and close she eye . 25 . robin ( cont would ) ( like she 's acknowledge a presence ) lexy , it 's a honor to be in you home with you two beautiful girl . kellie pull she hand away . kellie be you try to talk to a ghost ? because ghost be scary . even if they be mom. ( to Abby ) which it 's not . robin of course not . I be think more along the line of a therapeutic -- kellie not talk to wall be therapeutic . robin ( to Abby ) what make you think it 's she ? why now ? ABBY she 's always be here . I just be not look for she . sharp in he suit . kellie see ? now it 's in she head . James enter the kitchen -- already dress and look jame ( to Robin ) on kellie obscure will you look at this ? I be run on time for once . -- James give Robin a quick kiss on the forehead , kellie 's face from the frame as he do so . int . kellie 's bedroom - morning kellie 's skipping rope . always training . James knock on the side of she open door . jame hey kiddo . 26 . kellie hey pop . jame listen , I need you to do I a solid . kellie what 's that ? jame how would you feel about integrate Robin a little more ? kellie she 's be here 24 hour and I be two for two on meal . jame I just want she to feel welcome , you know ? he gesture to one of Robin 's sculpture in the hallway -- still wrap in plastic from the move . jame ( cont would ) and you could stand to do a little decorate . her face drop . kellie do she ask you to do this ? jame no . and it will play a lot better if it 's you idea . ext . caldwell house - day a garage sale . kellie , Abby and James man a table in the front yard . box and knick - knack litter the table . a old vcr , a sculpture of Robin 's , a pair of old rollerblades . no customer so far ... ABBY why be we sell we stuff ? 27 . jame well , it 's not just we stuff . it 's she stuff too . we be both get rid of what we do not need so everything fit together . kellie ( roll she eye ) yeah , she stuff mesh . a car pull up . kellie ( cont would ) I do not know grandpa be come . jame I do not want to get rid of anything he would want . the car door open and bernard ( 65 ) -- a swagger , portly curmudgeon -- step outside . bernard hey there ... fam . jame kellie hi , Bernard . hi , Bernard . ABBY hi , grandpa ! Bernard bend down and give Abby a hug . bernard how 's my favorite grandkid ? ( wink up at kellie ) just kid , it 's a tie . Robin emerge carry a big box -- she head over to the table and set it down . robin hi! I be Robin ! James stand up -- flustered . bernard hey there , I be Bernard . jame I can not believe you guy have not meet . Robin , Bernard 's my father in law . 28 . Robin do the math in she head -- 'oh . ' bernard it 's okay , darlin' . life go on . Nice to meet you . Bernard go off to play with Abby while Robin start unpack the box . she pull out a few dvd 's and some book . then -- she slowly pull out a old necklace -- somehow both ornate and tasteful . Robin look at it curiously . kellie 's eye widen with anger . kellie what be you do ? we can not sell that ! robin oh , I be sorry . it do not seem like you style . kellie take the necklace from she . kellie this be my Mom 's . robin oh , kellie . you know I would never -- bernard everyone simmer down . Bernard wheeze a bit ... pull out a inhaler and take a puff as he head over to take a look . bernard ( cont would ) I do not remember that one . robin turquoise be a heal stone . ( beat ) it also keep people from overreact . bernard why do not you put it on ? kellie oh no , I do not think -- 29 . bernard come on . if you want it you should wear it . kellie carefully drape the necklace over she head ... it rest perfectly around she neck . robin it look beautiful on you , kellie . Robin hand the box she take the necklace from over to kellie . robin ( cont would ) you should really be the one to go through this . Bernard pat Robin on the back and steer she towards the table full of knick - knack . bernard now let 's take a look at the rest of this garbage . int . kellie' bedroom - day kellie shut the door behind she . she quickly pull off the necklace .... place it in she dresser drawer ... and close it . int . scott valley high school - classroom - day a lethargic science teacher lecture . kellie sit in front of all the other student . science teacher and what do the law of conservation of energy state ? a overeager student shoot she hand up . the Science teacher nod in she direction . overeager student that energy can neither be create or destroy . kellie just stare ahead . lose in think . science teacher very good . what can energy do under this law ? 30 . overeager Student shoot she hand up again . kellie ( blurt out ) Change form . science teacher that 's correct . ( beat ) although we still raise we hand around here . bzzz . she reach into she bag and grab she cell phone . on phone -- 3 missed call and voicemails from ' Abby School . 's kellie raise she hand . kellie I be sorry , can I be excuse ? ext . scott valley elementary school - day kellie pull into the elementary school parking lot . she jump out of she car and rush inside . administrator ( 0.s. filter ) hi kellie , we be have a bit of a problem with Abby . we be actually wonder if you could come get she ? int . elementary school - front office - day kellie approach a school administrator at she desk . kellie hi , you guy call . I be here to get Abby . administrator she 's not here . kellie what do you mean ? administrator her mom pick she up . 31 . kellie okay , she mom be dead . you know that , right ? administrator ( whoops ) I be so sorry . not she mom . that pretty young lady . you father add she to the list . she be upsetting the other kid ... kellie wh , annoyed ) ly ? administrator she tell they she ... could talk to the dead . the kid get in she face . make fun of she . int . kellie' car - continuous kellie get into she car -- whip out she phone and dial ' dad . 's it go to voicemail . jame ( 0.s. filter ) you have reach James . I be over forty , so feel free to leave a message . kellie ( into phone ) you give Robin Mom privilege ? be not that a little fast ? ( beat ) at least someone 's still do you job for you . she angrily hang up . ext . caldwell house - continuous kellie pull into the driveway . int . caldwell house - hallway - day Robin and Abby walk down the hall towards she room . 32 . robin you know the kid at my school pick on I too . ABBY they do ? robin Big time . I be a little bit different like you be . ABBY how ? Robin take a long inhale , smile and kneel down to she . robin we weird one , we have get to stick together . ( beat ) come on , I have get a surprise for you . int . ABBY 's bedroom - continuous Abby bound into she room with Robin follow . on she bed be a wooden BOX . she slowly open it ... inside -- picture of lexy and Abby together . a lock of hair . robin I find this stuff during the garage sale . I figure if kellie get the necklace ... I want to save something for you . ABBY ( hold the box ) you make this for I ? robin I think it 's important for you to feel a connection with she . and to know that I be here for you , not to take she place . int . hallway - continuous kellie quietly sneak up on Abby 's room ... peek through the open door . 33 . int . abby' bedroom - continuous Abby look to the closet tentatively ... almost as though she 's seek permission from someone we can not see . she nod to whatever she 's look at and then proceed to give Robin a hug . robin awww . I be fitting in already ? kellie enter -- she eye lock on the box . kellie be that my mom 's stuff ? robin I think -- kellie can you ask before do thing like this please ? she 's already fixate . robin you dad and I discuss it . kellie sigh ... she will let this one go . she sit on the bed next to Abby . kellie she can have it . it 's just weird to see this stuff again . I miss she . robin of course you do . kellie pull the photo out of the box and gaze at it . kellie she be great . ( ill - time glance at Robin ) one of a kind . int . master bedroom - later that night James and Robin be post-coital in bed . jame what you do for Abby today be really sweet . 34 . robin I just do not want she to think I be try to replace this perfect mom . ( almost in tear ) I already feel like I be try to replace a perfect wife . jame who say you be not perfect ? robin part of you have to wish she be still here . jame of course . I love she very much . but she 's not here . you be . and you be not second fiddle . she be my first choice then , but you be my first choice now . ( beat ) besides , it 's not like thing be perfect at the end . robin how ? James take a deep breath . robin ( cont would ) if you do not want to talk about it -- jame no , it 's okay . she be just distant , you know ? like something be suck the joy out of she . ( beat ) I mean , she be not wear she ring when she die . robin I be sorry , James . jame it 's not all she fault , you know ? I could have do a better job . I be check out , not involved enough with the kid ... ( beat ) so now I just wonder . about everything . he roll on he side to face she . 35 . jame ( cont would ) promise I something , okay ? robin of course . jame keep I in the loop . do not let I wonder . int . kellie 's bedroom - night kellie stare at the moon outside she window . something catch she attention ... a horrifying vision in the corner . moonlight bear down on it like a evil , black tree grow out of the floor . she flick on the light ... it 's just that sculpture of robin' . kellie great . int . ABBY 's bedroom - night Abby lay on she stomach , sing softly to herself . ABBY ( sing ) the itsy-bitsy spider go up the water spout ... in the background -- she bedroom door slowly close . ABBY ( cont would ) ( sing ) down come the rain and wash the spider out ... out come the sun and dry up all the rain ... a breeze from nowhere waffle the sheet . ABBY ( cont would ) ( sing ) ... and the itsy-bitsy spider climb up the spout again . inching closer to sleep , she start the song again . 36 . ABBY ( cont would ) ( sing ) the itsy-bitsy spider climb up the water spout ... invisible finger walk up she back as she sing along , press into she pajamas . ABBY ( cont would ) kellie I do not know -- she turn over . no one 's there . she bolt upright in bed and look around . ABBY ( cont would ) kellie ? no one 's there . a completely empty room . Abby glance at the box of lexy 's on she nightstand . ABBY ( cont would ) mommy ? her eye lock on something offscreen . int . hallway - night we slowly pull away from Abby 's door and into the hallway . as we depart ... we hear she talking . int . kellie 's bedroom - night angle -- Robin 's sculpture . still downright horrifying in the moonlight . kellie grab a blanket and toss it over the sculpture . then -- a knocking sound . she scan the room , try to place it ... ... she dresser drawer shake . or do she imagine it ? she head to she dresser and open the drawer . the necklace . she pull it out and hold it . finger the interlock rivet ... concerned ... beep ! beep ! beep ! the entry / exit alert from the motion detector system . 37 . int . live room - night kellie investigate -- absentmindedly grip the necklace . beep ! beep ! beep ! something stir at the dark end of the room . she approach slowly ... lean down to look ... the cat jump out . she jump back -- drop the necklace . at that exact moment a stack of magazine topples off a nearby table . they fall in the same direction as the necklace . kellie glance back and forth from the necklace on to the pile of magazine on the floor . she pick up the necklace -- the curtain across the room sway up and down -- echoing the motion of the necklace as she lift it ... she back away ... frighten ... then ... the cat scurries across the room . wham ! she bump into James -- scare the shit out of both of they . jame I be hope that be you sneaking in or something . kellie I be ground , remember ? jame ( give I a break ) you be never really ground . James and kellie check the front door . lock . he hit a button . the alarm stop . jame ( cont would ) motion detector . Abby 's in she room , right ? kellie nod . beep ! beep ! beep ! it go off again . ' what the fuck ? 's 38 . then ... the cat scurry into the room . James sigh and flick the alarm off . kellie ( wary ) he never set this off . jame yeah , but you have be feed he too much . ( beat ) you be not start to believe this ghost stuff , be you ? kellie I ... ( cover ) ... of course not . jame exactly . team cat . James yawn and pat kellie on the shoulder . jame ( cont would ) go back to bed , kiddo . you should too . kellie in a second . she scoops the cat up and head into the kitchen . int . kitchen - continuous kellie -- the cat still cradle in one arm -- walk slowly . she hold out the necklace and sway it front of she . nothing . beep ! beep ! beep ! the hallway detector behind she . a chill come over she -- she look at the cat cradle against she . kellie why could not it be you ? she let the cat fall to the floor and follow as it scurries out of the room . 39 . int . hallway - night the cat run up to kellie 's door -- purring and rub against it . a friendly reception for whatever 's inside ... kellie slowly approach she room and reach for the door . she pull she hand away -- it 's drip . the handle be wet . she open she door slowly ... int . kellie 's bedroom - continuous kellie scan she room ... empty . still . she glance to the sculpture ... the blanket she throw over it billow . ' be something under there ? ' her eye move to the trophy shelf . one small trophy on the end be turn askance . ' weird . ' she slowly stalk toward the display , eye peel for anything unusual , and fix it . her closet door be open . ' fuck . 's she head over to close it . plop . she spin around to see a trophy on the carpet . she turn back to the closet -- the door slam shut . plop . kellie spin around again . another trophy on the floor . kellie do not know what to make of it . they start fall ... one by one ... plop . plop . plop . kellie move to the shelf ... then peer down at she hand -- the necklace tightens around she palm . painfully ... like a noose . bam ! the shelf topples over -- send the trophy and they sharp metal edge down almost all over she . she stumble back and fall . the necklace slip free , bounce off the floor , slip under the black recess of she dresser . she catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror -- something be behind she . undefine , dark ... almost wraith -like . 40 . terrify , she peer into the mirror ... ABBY ( 0.c. ) I tell you . it 's Mom . kellie scream and spin around . Abby stand in the doorway . kellie no . Mom would not do this . Mom would not make we feel like this ! ABBY she do itsy - bitsy . kellie ( whisper , scared ) it be watch we ... ABBY sometimes she whisper thing ... kellie what do she say ? have she say anything about we ? Abby think ... ABBY she ask about the necklace . kellie Abby , I know I make a big deal about that necklace , but I be just mad at Robin . I be be a jerk . Mom hate that thing . I do not know who give it to she and I never see she wear it . ( beat ) I need you not to talk to this thing . ABBY why ? I like she . kellie grab Abby by the shoulder . kellie Abby , I be you sister . I love you . I would never lie to you . you have get to trust I . do you trust I ? ABBY ...yes . 41 . kellie whatever this be ... stay away from it . James and Robin arrive to investigate the racket . jame ( take in the mess ) what the hell happen ? kellie bend down and grab the world best daughter trophy off the floor . kellie Robin , can you take Abby back to she room please ? robin ( be : the mess ) but let I help you - kellie please , Robin . Abby , remember what I say . Robin steer Abby into the hall . James pull kellie aside . jame kellie , be you try to ... sabotage this ? kellie sabotage what ? jame you know ... I and Robin . kellie ( be : the destroy room ) you think I do this ? this thing be real . ( think ) maybe whatever be '' bother '' Mom be now bother Abby too . jame what do you mean ? kellie we both know Mom be act weird at the end . 42. jame that 's not what happen . she be depressed . James gently take the world' best daughter trophy from she and place it back on the shelf . kellie you do not believe I do you ? James survey the topple shelf and the trophy strewn throughout the room -- not know what to think . int . kellie' bathroom - night kellie examine herself in the mirror ... there be red welt on she hand where the necklace tightened around it . int . kellie' bedroom - night kellie bend down on she hand and knee to peer into the darkness under the dresser . she reach in ... feel around ... grapple in the darkness ... and finally pull out the necklace . she study it ... mesmerize . she pull the blanket off the sculpture , wrap herself up in it and climb into bed . she gaze up at the necklace for a moment before hide it under she pillow . int . dine room - morning the family eat -- but everything feel stilted . a nervous energy in the air . the only person not tense be Abby ... happily munch away at she breakfast . ABBY maybe it 's good that Mom 's back . kellie glare at James -- ' see ? ' kellie Abby , we talk about this . jame ( to Abby ) for right now let 's just focus on what we can see . 43. ABBY but I do see she . kellie you be see what it want you to see . robin kellie , you be feel a lot of upheaval right now and this be the anxiety manifest itself . jame maybe there be something here , Robin . I honestly do not know . robin I just think everyone 's on edge and read into the wrong thing . kellie what about my room ? robin maybe the shelf could not handle the weight . ( smile ) a testament to you hard work . kellie do that Dr. spock book tell you to ignore all danger to you family ? jame enough . whatever 's go on , we be still a family . let 's act like it , okay ? kellie grab she backpack . kellie ( annoyed ) totally . James look at he watch . jame shoot , we have gotta go too . James scoops Abby out of she seat and head out of the kitchen . Robin be leave alone . 44 , she sigh -- ' what a mess ' -- and take another bite of food and wash it down with some water . ... gulp . something 's catch in she throat -- threaten she gag reflex . she pull the glass away and notice a single strand of hair hang from she mouth . unable to swallow -- she open she mouth and pull the strand out ... finally excavate a clump of matted hair . terrify and disgust -- she close she eye and quickly stand up . ... when she open she eye she 's hold just the single strand again . she look around ... creepe out ... ' be I go crazy ? ' ext . scott valley high school - parking lot - day kellie sit behind the wheel of she car . Todd sit next to she . she 's just tell he everything . todd you really think this thing want to hurt you ? she nod . todd ( cont would ) oh , come on . ( off kellie 's look ) I do not mean it like that . if it 's something you be really feel ... kellie I do not need sensitive Todd . I need practical Todd . Todd raise he hand . todd here . kellie so you do not believe I either ? 45 . todd I think you want practical Todd . kellie actually , I want patient Todd . todd maybe you need a change of scenery . at least next year we will be a thousand mile away . kellie actually ... I be think of stay here . todd what do you mean ? we be go to Boulder . kellie not if I go to college in the city . todd why would you stay ? kellie my family need I , okay ? todd they will be fine . they have get Robin now . kellie shoot he a look . todd ( cont would ) get it . patient Todd . ext . scott valley high school - track - day track practice . kellie be at the start line . up against two student from last time and two new runners from the same school . tight on kellie -- she focus be eerily razor sharp . more determine than ever . cu - the starter gun fire . kellie start ahead and stay there -- ' yes ! she 's finally gonna win ! 's 46 . she give a quick glance to the stand -- and see a figure stand at the top of the bench . arm outstretched . cover by a ripped body bag . dripping wet . kellie stumble and crash down into the track . everyone cross the finish line without she . she look back up at the stand -- they be empty . int . scott valley high school - classroom - day kellie 's in class . tire . distract . blood seep through the bandage on she leg . science teacher and so what do Newton 's first law tell we ? no one raise they hand . the teacher look to kellie ... she 's off in another world . science teacher ( cont would ) Ms. caldwell ? kellie ( snap out of it ) yeah ? science teacher Newton 's first law . kellie I ... I be sorry . he pat she on the shoulder as he walk down the aisle . science teacher a object that be at rest will stay at rest until a external force act upon it . and -- kellie absentmindedly mouth along with the next part ... science teacher ( cont would ) a object in motion will not stop until a external force act upon it . she glance at she textbook -- a diagram display this principle . a object at rest . a object in motion . a external force . a object stop . 47 . ext . backyard - day Robin be on she knee planting seed in the dirt near the deck , a glass of wine at she side . bernard ( 0.c. ) get a second ? Robin startles . Bernard enter the yard from the side . robin hey , Bernard . what 's up ? bernard I want to clear the air about something since it seem like we be go to be see more of each other . robin uh ... sure . bernard you have probably guess that I have steer clear of meeting you this past few year . Robin wipe she hand on she jeans . robin yeah , I think that might be the case . bernard well , I come to apologize . it 's just ... at the time I do not know what to think of it . ( beat ) consider you know she . robin ( flustered ) James and I get together three year after the funeral , Bernard . it 's a circle of friend . thing happen . Bernard nod -- look off in the distance . bernard I come to explain , not accuse . I be fine with it now . like I say , life go on . I be just be a dad. 48 . robin well , I be as surprised as anyone he ask I out . she 's not a easy act to follow . bernard have you tell the girl ? robin James and I do not think it 's a good idea right now . it 's such a uphill battle already . bernard kellie ? Robin bend back down and start digging with she trowel -- like she 's angry . robin yep . Bernard pull out he inhaler ... take a puff . bernard she 's a handful , alright . like to be in charge , do not she ? you gotta fight or roll over with she . Robin pause on she response as she drop a handful of seed into the soil . then ... robin do not worry , I be not go anywhere . bernard ( chuckle ) good luck with that . and call I if you need anything . Lord know James never do . robin anytime . Bernard make he way back around the side of the yard . Robin pull out the hose to water the seed -- notice a leak where the tube screw into the water spout . she grab the spout handle to adjust it -- spshhh ! it sprays she with water . 49 . she step back -- ' great . ' ext . caldwell house - day kellie 's car pull into the driveway as Bernard 's pull out . her eye trail after he -- ' what 's he do here ? int . caldwell house - live room - day kellie arrive home and catch a glimpse of Robin through the back window . her eye linger on Robin -- drenched with water ... matted hair ... int . kellie 's bedroom - day kellie close the door behind she , open the drawer and pull out the necklace . she study it , nervous -- ' what the fuck be I think ? 's ext . caldwell house - night kellie 's room be the only one with the light on . then ... they go out . int . hallway - night kellie scout around . peer in everyone 's bedroom -- they be all asleep . she open a closet and pull down a shoebox . cu on shoebox -- Christmas ornament and tchotchke . int . hallway - moment later kellie place a tiny silver bell on she doorknob . she move down the hall towards the master bedroom and place a silver bell on that doorknob as well . int . live room - night kellie stand on a chair and pull one of the motion detector sensor down . battery power . no wire . 50 . she repeat this process in the remain three corner of the room collect four sensor total . int . kitchen - night kellie place a chair in the center of the room then plant the sensor around it in a circle . a clear enclose area of protection and visibility . she activate the sensor -- beep ! beep ! beep ! -- and sit in the chair . a text arrive on she phone from Todd -- ' good luck tonight . I believe you . 's then -- ' sure you do not want company ? maybe the ghost can watch we '' leave the friend zone . '' ' she sigh , tuck the phone in she pocket without answer , then pull out the necklace and cradle it in she hand . watch . wait . kellie come on , come on . fade to : int . kitchen - later plunk . the necklace hit the floor . kellie wake from a accidental nap . her eye dart around ... all the cabinet be wide open . ' weird . ' she close they ... unnerve ... and think for a beat . ext . patio - night kellie quietly exit to the patio and close the door . she shiver from the cool night air . she pull out she phone . a text from Todd . ' still up ? 's she dial and he pick up immediately . todd ( 0.s. filter ) so. do it show up again ? kellie nothing that 'il convince they they be in danger . 51 . todd ( 0.s. filter ) what make it appear last time ? this spark a think . kellie quickly end the call . kellie let I call you back . int . kitchen - night kellie pull some cat treat out of one of the open cabinet ... kellie here , kitty kitty . the cat scurry in -- beep ! beep ! beep ! -- and jump into she lap . the cat warily accept the treat then turn to leave . kellie grab hold of it . it squirm in she lap , try to get free . the struggle grow . kellie hold . beep ! beep ! beep ! something just enter the kitchen ! the cat leap out of she lap with a hiss . kellie jump to her feet . the cat purr at something in the corner of the room . kellie ( cont would ) ( whisper ) leave we alone ! beep ! beep ! beep ! it just move to the other side . kellie spin in its direction . still nothing there . beep ! beep ! beep ! kellie spin again behind she . the thing be move back and forth . she 's scared . defiant , kellie lift the necklace . hesitant , a little scared of it . kellie ( cont would ) ( whisper ) here go nothing . kellie light a cigarette lighter and move the flame to a section of the necklace . 52 . suddenly there be a ungodly shriek -- a wraith - like black specter appear in front of she . kellie gape at the sight . she wince in pain -- she hand be burn too -- as if the necklace be resisting with its own unnatural heat . she turn to face the live room -- dropping the lighter and necklace . int . live room - continuous wham . something invisible hit the floor . in pain . we see finger mark -- five on each hand -- appear in the carpet . they streak down into long line ... like this thing be try to crawl away in agony . kellie grab the necklace and -- with two hand -- pull with all she might . the chain snap in two . the specter suddenly be send hurling forward -- freed by the break of the chain ... but still in agony . kellie duck as it pass overhead and hug the ground . the invisible force slam into the bookshelf cause it to wobble and fall forward -- in a split second shot we see the cat stand inescapably in its path . the cat -- hair puffed -- stare at kellie just before the shelf crash down upon it . ext . backyard - morning kellie dig a tiny grave -- right where Robin plant she seed earlier . tiny sproute seedling speck the dirt . a paw poke out of the trash bag next to she . James stand behind kellie -- oblivious that she 's digging up Robin 's stuff . jame how do we explain this to Abby ? kellie he run away ? we send he to a farm where he can play ? 53. jame I do not like it . what be you do up so late ? I do not even understand how this happen . kellie I tell you how it happen ! jame ( sigh ) you mother love that cat . kellie stop digging , stand , face he . kellie dad . whatever Abby 's talk to be real . it 's here . it do this . and it be not Mom . it 's pretend to be she . ( beat ) it want something from Abby . I do not know ... to peel she away from we . James gently pries the trowel out of she hand , stick it in the ground , wrap a arm around she and start walk . jame we need to talk . kellie look up at he -- ' uh oh . ' jame ( cont would ) look , I be open to the idea that there 's something here . whether it 's you mom or -- kellie do part of you wish it be she ? jame I would have a few question I guess . kellie people lose ring all the time . Todd 's dad lose he three time . it do not mean she be -- jame how would you know about that ? kellie I hear you talk about the police report . she stop 54 . jame the point be , it 's not you job to fix this . we will figure it out together . in a way that do not send Robin run for the hill . she 's only be here a few day , you know ? kellie funny . same timeline as this whole thing . jame you do not know she like I do , okay ? ( beat ) you have always be protective of you sister and I . after you mom die , you take on more than any twelve year old should . kellie it 's fine . jame no , it 's not . it be not fine . and now I be grab the wheel . walk . kellie what do you mean ? jame you be wire to protect we . that 's my fault . I should have be stronger . but now it 's okay to just be you . alright ? kellie so I be be demote . jame ( laugh ) no . you be free . we do not need to be protect . kellie well what be you go to do ? about this ? James smile halfheartedly and shake he head as they turn around and head back . 55 . jame I do not know . we will figure something out . kellie look down as they walk along -- ' no you will not . ' int . garage - night Robin dig through box mark ' lexy 's in the garage . with purpose . almost frantic . finally -- she find what she 's look for . a wedding ring . James enter in he bathrobe ... jame what be you up to , sweetie ? she swiftly turn and plunge a kitchen knife into he chest . cur to : int . scott valley high school - classroom - day kellie wake from she dream scream . everyone stare . science teacher everything alright , Ms. caldwell ? she gather she thing and bolt for the door . kellie ( sheepish ) I be really sorry . ext . scott valley high school - parking lot - day Todd come run after kellie as she march to she car . todd hey ! you alright ? kellie I have gotta go . todd I hear you freak out in class . kellie it 's nothing . she slow she stop she turn she shut 56 . todd in sociology they be talk about totem . some culture think physical object can tie spirit to the real world . down . kellie yeah ? and ? todd the necklace . you say it have some kind of effect on it , right ? like it be hurt ? and turn around . todd ( cont would ) I mean it sound exactly like what they be talk about . kellie do they say anything about destroy the spirit ? todd no. this be not hogwart , kellie . and head back to she car . todd ( cont would ) do not you think you might be go down a bit of a rabbit hole with the ghost and the voodoo stuff -- kellie it 's not voodoo . todd you know what I mean . kellie my family need to know what this thing really be . they do not know what it 's capable of . the door , hit the ignition and take off . int . kellie' bathroom - day kellie soak in the tub . a open bag of epsom salt rest on the rim . 57 . she pour some into the bath with she . cur to : int . kellie' bathroom - later kellie step out of the tub and wrap herself in a towel . she bend down and pull the plug from the tub 's drain -- but nothing happen . no bubbles ... the water just sit there . kellie get on she knee and reach into the water ... two of she finger enter the drain . we push in on kellie 's face ... cross-cutte with a push in on she finger in the drain ... something awful be about to happen ... ... but nothing do . kellie pull she hand out of the water . the tub remain full . the water sloshing from side to side . int . kellie' bedroom - dusk kellie sit at she desk -- use plier to mash the metal of the necklace chain back together . we push in on the screen of she laptop -- she 's be google totem . onscreen -- a image of someone hold a object with some kind of force radiating from it -- cause a spirit to writhe in pain . done with the repair she head to she bed and lay down -- gaze up at the necklace in she hand . ponder she next move . her eye grow heavy , she tuck the necklace under she pillow and settles in for a nap . ext . caldwell house - night dusk give way to night . int . master bathroom - night we hear the shower run . steam fill the air . 58 . we hear the squeak of the knob as the shower be turn off . James emerge and wrap himself in a towel . without notice ... he walk right past the bathroom mirror as a unnatural condensation appear . int . master bedroom - continuous James crawl into bed with Robin , who be already asleep . as he eye flutter shut ... we hear a soft , raspy sound in the air . something unnatural . the sound grow louder as we tilt up to a AIR vent above . int . kellie' bedroom - continuous angle -- the AIR vent in kellie 's room . emitting the same creepy sound . it 's get louder ... kellie stir awake . she reach under she pillow for the necklace ... but can not find it . panicked -- she sit up in bed and lift up the pillow . the necklace be go . int . master bedroom - night James and Robin be fast asleep . angle -- the AIR vent . the raspy sound grow stronger . at the other end of the room -- behind Robin 's sculpture -- the curtain start blowing . the vent go full throttle . one of the sculpture start to rattle and sway with the force of the air . int . hallway - night kellie rush over to Abby 's room . int . abby' bedroom - night kellie shake Abby awake . ABBY what ? what be it ? 59 . kellie my necklace . have you see it ? angle -- the AIR vent in Abby 's room . the sound grow louder still ... Abby take in kellie 's intense glare -- start to cry . ABBY she want it . int . master bedroom - night angle -- the AIR vent . the raspy sound now fill the room . Robin stir awake and be immediately terrify . the chandelier sway dangerously overhead . she shake James . robin wake up ! wake up ! he bolt up in bed . ' what the fuck be go on ? ' jame Jesus Christ . close -- the bookshelf across the room . the book start to rattle . int . abby' bedroom - continuous the sound be now deafening . wind blow through they hair ... kellie ( almost yell ) where be it ? we hear Robin scream . int . master bedroom - continuous paper swirl through the air . sculpture shatter . Robin 's eye dart to the chandelier above she and James . sway dangerously back and forth . the wallpaper bubbles and move -- suddenly something undefined emerge -- take the shape of the wallpaper design . it be then reabsorbed in a flash . 60 . int . ABBY 's bedroom - continuous kellie shake Abby by the shoulder . kellie where 's the necklace ? int . master bedroom - continuous the chandelier pries loose from its mooring . robin look out ! SNAP ! the chandelier fall . James and Robin jump out of the way as it crash down to the bed . ceramic and glass shatter into a thousand jagged fragment . int . ABBY 's bedroom - continuous Abby scurries over to a shelf full of doll and pull the necklace off the neck of a older doll hide in the middle . she hand it to kellie . kellie pull on either side of the necklace . snapping it into two piece . we hear a shriek . int . master bedroom - continuous the wind stop . jame what hell be go on ? terrify -- Robin run to the bathroom . int . ABBY 's bedroom - continuous Abby look past kellie ... a rattling inside she closet -- something in there be try to get out . Abby -- sniffle and wiping tear from she cheek -- get out of bed . 61 . ABBY mommy ? Abby 's eye widen in fear . kellie turn and step towards she . kellie what be it ? Abby scream as she 's pulled across the floor by she ankle into the closet . kellie ( cont would ) no ! kellie grab Abby 's wrist but fall back and slam into she bedside table . she get up and grab Abby 's wrist again -- but whatever be pull on Abby be too strong . James burst into the room -- see the terrifying spectacle -- grab Abby 's other wrist and pull she out of the closet . he scoops she up and carry she out of the room . kellie look down at the break necklace . slack around she arm . it 's go . for now . int . master bathroom - night Robin turn on the sink and splashes water on she face . she glance back in the mirror ... ... she look dead . pale with purple bruising , wet matted hair . swollen . like she 's be face down in the water for two day . the door shake . Robin scream . kellie ( 0.s8 . ) it 's I ! she look in the mirror again -- back to normal . ' what the hell ? ' robin I will be right out . 62. kellie ( 0.s. ) you okay ? robin no . kellie ( 0.s. ) be you hurt ? robin I just need a second . int . hallway - later kellie , James and Abby sit together in a spot with a good vantage point . James pull out he cell . jame we need to get you guy out of here . kellie grab he hand . kellie you need to ask why this be happen now . what 's new here ? behind they -- Robin appear . in shock . cheek stain with tear . kellie ( cont would ) I be gonna pack a bag . ( to Abby ) you be come with I . I be not let you out of my sight . int . kellie' bedroom - night kellie open the door and guide Abby -- scared and in shock -- inside . they do not see the silhouetted figure sit on the bed until ... kellie flick on the light . she jump back and gasp for breath ... it 's just Todd . kellie Jesus , Todd . not a good time . ( more ) 63 . kellie ( cont would ) ( be : terrify Abby ) you need to learn how to read the room a little bit , man . todd I find something out ... he pull out he iphone . kellie oh come on I know how to use Google , Todd . todd no no no . I take picture at the library . look , a totem be something that mean a lot to a person while they be alive ... on todd' phone -- we swipe through photo he take of a old book -- illustration of different totem . all shape and size . some of they jewelry , some of they not . todd ( cont would ) .».. and now they be bound to it in death . on todd' phone -- illustration of bone be crushed alongside jewelry . a funeral pyre with onlooker place totem upon the flame etc ... todd ( cont would ) it have to be touch a piece of the person but ... I think maybe we can get rid of this thing . kellie cover Abby 's ear . kellie not in front of Abby . it 's be a rough night . int . live room - night James open the door and Bernard step inside -- look everyone over . kellie , Robin and Todd be huddle in the live room . Silent . everyone be scared ... except for todd. 64 . jame thanks for come . I just need you to take the girl while I clean up and I will meet you at you place . bernard while you clean up ? todd I be Todd , fyi . bernard that 's nice . ( to James ) what the hell be go on here ? int . master bedroom - night Bernard survey the damage from the middle of the room while everyone else watch near the doorway . bernard hold on a hot minute now . you guy think a ghost be do this ? jame something like that . Bernard shrug -- ' okaaaaayyyy . ' robin maybe this be my fault . I mean I encourage she to talk to it ... kellie for once I agree with you . jame kellie , enough ! kellie no . not enough ! you see that thing try to take Abby , right ? it 's threaten my family . I be not go to just sit back ! bernard ( to kellie ) so what 's it do ? be there any pattern to it ? 65 . kellie ( stare at Robin ) it follow she here . maybe it want to warn we . robin ( grit she tooth ) Abby think it 's lexy . Bernard turn around to face James . determined . no bs. kellie not anymore , now she 's scared of it . bernard and you see it too ? jame I see something , I think . I do not know what it be . bernard and you do not leave immediately ? you have I come get the girl while you do ... what ? ( look James right in the eye ) if you think it be not she you would have just drive they over yourself . ( beat ) if my little girl be here , I want to know . Bernard sit on the bed . quickly and urgently -- as if stave off a fall . Robin rush to he . robin be you okay ? bernard you guy can leave if you want . but if there 's any chance in hell it 's my daughter I be stay . kellie look around . Todd , Robin , James , Bernard ... that 's it . kellie wait . where 's Abby ? 66 . everyone look around ... jame shit . James peer into the hallway -- she 's nowhere to be see . he head out of the room . jame ( cont would ) Abby ! kellie turn to Robin . kellie see what you have do ? James step back into the doorway . robin I know you think it 's my fault -- kellie it 's not just I . do you really think he 'il want anything to do with you after this ? jame kellie , stop ! kellie step towards Robin . kellie I mean you know my Mom but you really like my dad . ( off Robin 's look ) you think I do not know that ? you do not think after this we be all start to wonder what you do to take my Mom 's place ? Bernard glance between Robin and kellie . kellie ( cont would ) I do not know why I have my bag ready . the only one who should be pack ... be you . jame Jesus Christ , stop ! let 's just find she ! kellie ( eye still on Robin ) Fine by I . 67 . kellie head into the hallway . James and Todd follow . Bernard stand up to join the search . Robin -- pull herself together -- sit he back down on the bed . robin you should sit down . you do not look so good . Bernard -- take a puff from he inhaler -- nod and eye Robin suspiciously . bernard go check on the girl . i’1ll be fine . int . hallway - night kellie head into the hallway . everyone follow ... except for Bernard who linger behind in the master bedroom . kellie Abby ! ( to everyone ) check under all the bed . kellie pull Todd aside . kellie ( cont would ) ( whisper ) we need to get rid of this thing . todd we still need a piece of the person . kellie like a part of they body ? todd yeah , that and the totem have to be destroy together or it 's no good . kellie we do not have that . be there a shortcut ? jame ( 0.s. ) ( call out ) Abby ! 68 . kellie check she room . I will be right back . Todd dutifully head into Abby 's room . int . abby' bedroom - continuous Todd open the closet ... nothing . he check under the bed ... nothing . int . live room - night James search the room . look behind the curtain . nothing . jame ( to Robin ) find she ? Robin look around ... pull cushion from the couch . anything she can do . robin not yet . she head into the kitchen and out of sight . kellie enter and bump into James . he 's start to panic . jame where the hell be she ? ( to kellie ) I should have listen to you . robin ( 0.s. ) it 's gonna be okay , James . jame ( yell ) Robin goddammit just help I find she ! int . kitchen - continuous Robin 's search the pantry when she hear this . she stand up -- tear welling in she eye . she retreat through the back of the kitchen into the hallway . 69 . int . live room - continuous kellie lean in close to James . kellie dad , if this thing take she , we be not go to find she . not like this . on James -- he can not accept it . jame she be terrify , maybe she 's hide outside . kellie maybe . let 's hope so . James nod and head out the front door as kellie press on . int . master bedroom - night Bernard bend down and check under the bed ... nothing . he stand up -- suddenly get dizzy . short of breath , he sit on the bed and pull out he inhaler . kellie enter -- 'he do not look so good . ' kellie you do okay ? Bernard nod . bernard just a lot to take in . you seem awful sure this be not she . ( beat ) maybe you would be jealous if it be . kellie trust I . I be never jealous of she . kellie look down at she wrist -- the necklace tightens around it . whatever this be ... it 's come back . she peer out the door and down the empty hallway -- ' where the hell be Robin ? ' 70 . int . kellie' bedroom - continuous Robin sit on kellie 's bed and bury she head in she hand -- fight back tear . on the verge of let it all out . she straighten herself out a bit ... look around ... she 's alone . then ... she suddenly see she shadow on the wall -- grow in size -- illuminate by the light from a presence behind she . she turn around -- a vapor begin to take shape under the trophy shelf . then ... a single trophy fall from the shelf . plunk . it land on the carpet . World 's best daughter . the lid pop half off . the vapor disappear . Robin look up to the shelf , then to the trophy on the floor -- ' what the fuck ? ' Robin bend down and pick it up . she reach inside ... int . hallway - continuous kellie slowly make she way to she room ... the door open at the end of the hall . her eye dart around ... keep a lookout ... int . kellie' bedroom - continuous kellie enter to find Robin sit on the floor . in the palm of she hand -- lexy 's wedding ring . insert -- a engrave inside the ring . ' lexy and James ~ August 9th 1998 's kellie close the door and slowly approach she . Robin get up and back away . robin why would you have this ? why would you keep this from you dad unless -- 71 . kellie just , relax . okay ? robin she 's be try to tell we this whole time . kellie look , you do not know what it be like . she and dad be not happy . he need someone stronger . robin what ? like you ? kellie exactly like I . Robin back into the bathroom ... kellie follow . int . kellie' bathroom - continuous angle -- the bathtub . still full of water from earlier . kellie see that Robin be look past she ... back into the bedroom ... robin stay away from I . kellie do not worry about dad . he 's in the right hand . a glow fill the room ... kellie turn around ... a bright presence in the air ... a shriek fill the room as the bright presence turn black . wind fill the room . back up ... Robin trip and fall backwards into the tub . splash . she hit she head on the faucet on the way down . unconscious ... Robin 's head bob limply . blood color the water . kellie step forward -- place a single finger on Robin 's forehead -- and push she underwater . we watch the bubble stream out of Robin 's nose ... until they stop . 72 . kellie remove she finger ... Robin float . absolutely still . kellie look around . lexy be go . the wind have stop . she get up and exit the bathroom . Robin 's profile surface in the bathwater . not breathe . int . kellie 's bedroom - continuous kellie pick up the ' World 's best daughter 's trophy and place it back on the shelf . int . abby' bedroom - night Todd 's grow impatient -- ' I can not just sit here . ' Todd reach for the door -- but kellie open it first . she enter the room ... fake a panic . kellie do not go out there . it kill Robin . todd oh my god. kellie nod -- feign sadness . todd ( cont would ) we have to get out of here . Todd reach for the window . kellie rush over to he and place she hand on top of he -- stop he . kellie wait ! Robin be try to leave too ... when it get she . let 's just figure this out . she pace the room ... think . then ... she look to the box of lexy 's stuff on the bedside table . kellie ( cont would ) what be that you be say ? part of the body ? she sit on the bed , open the box and pull out the lock of lexy' hair . kellie ( cont would ) a piece of the person ? 73 . she look down at the box . kellie ( cont would ) all I have to do be drop the necklace in and ... todd ... destroy it . at the same time . she put the hair back in the box -- close it -- and look up to Todd . kellie I need she in front of I . I need to see this work . todd do not you mean ' it ? 's how do you know it 's a woman ? kellie sigh and look up at he . kellie because it 's my mother . todd so that 's she necklace . kellie stare at the necklace -- quietly relive the memory . kellie I give it to she the day before she die . she be so happy when she get it ... she think it mean we would stop fight ... she place the box firmly in Todd 's hand kellie ( cont would ) hold on to this . do not let it out of you sight . todd where be you go ? kellie we need something that 'il make she show herself . kellie head into the hall and shut the door behind she . Todd sit back on the bed , the box in one hand and he phone in the other . 74 . on todd' phone -- a illustration of a necklace and a pile of tooth burn together ina fire . int . master bedroom - night Bernard -- still on the bed and short of breath -- hear something . a faint rattling . bap . bap . bap . he look to the floor . a panel shift slightly . he stand up ... bend down and find a latch . he pull the panel up -- it 's a crawl space . he see Abby in the darkness below . ABBY shhh ! bernard what be you do in there ? Bernard take a pull from he inhaler . ABBY kellie tell I to hide . bernard what ? come on out . kellie enter the room . kellie pull the panel shut , Abby . it 's not safe yet . Abby 's hand emerge from the hole and pull the panel shut . bernard what the hell do you think you be do ? wheezing heavily ... he lift the inhaler towards he mouth kellie gently reach out and pry it from he hand . kellie let I help you with that . bernard ( gasp ) I always know there be something wrong with you . 75 . kellie ( fake panic ) Abby stay down there ! the ghost be hurt Bernard ! Bernard reach out to grab he inhaler . she take a step back and press the button , let all the vapor out ... hisssss . Bernard gasp for air ... but it 's not come . Bernard flop onto he belly and start crawling into the hallway . int . hallway - night kellie leisurely trail after Bernard as he crawl away . bernard last thing she say to I ... she think you like you father a little too much . his breath turn short and hiccup-y . he finally give up and roll back over . bernard ( cont would ) you always be a daddy 's girl . kellie I be really sorry . this whole thing get screw up . but you have to understand ... I be just try to keep everyone together . Bernard look up at she ... he eye wounded and betrayed as he stop breathing . she bend over and respectfully close he eye with she finger . int . master bedroom - night kellie head back into the bedroom and pull the crawl space panel open . ABBY do I do a good job ? 76 . kellie ( smile ) you do great . she pull Abby out of the space and into the room . kellie ( cont would ) I just need to make sure you be safe from the ghost . ABBY I do not make a noise even when dad call . kellie do not beat yourself up . she get parental and serious . kellie ( cont would ) remember , all dad need to know be that you be scared of this thing . int . hallway - continuous kellie pick Abby up and step over Bernard as they head into the hall . kellie do not look down , okay ? you do not need to see this . Abby close she eye . int . ABBY 's room - night kellie enter as Todd pace nervously -- dutifully hold the box . kellie look , I find Abby but my dad will be back any second . I need you to keep he distract while I get rid of this thing . she take the box from he . todd how ? 77 . kellie I do not know . just keep he outside . todd no . kellie what do you mean '' no ? '' todd we need to tell he it 's she . if this thing kill Robin he need to know who it be . kellie why be you do this ? todd because it 's the right thing to do . you do not have anything to hide . Todd reach for the door . kellie block he . todd ( cont would ) you think I 'il always just do what you say , do not you ? on kellie -- sad but determine . kellie that 's what you be here for . kellie pull Todd in for a kiss . kellie ( cont would ) ( whisper ) so people do not ask question about I . Todd accept the kiss .. he 's be wait for so long for this moment ... but a second after they lip connect he eye widen . bulging . he pull away in pain . we pull around to reveal the three - pronged garden trowel embed in he back . kellie ( cont would ) I really like you Todd . but we could never be together . I belong to someone else . she pull the trowel out of Todd 's back ... and advance towards he . 78 . int . kellie' bathroom - continuous Robin float in the bath -- she face break the water . not move . tap . a drop of water fall from the shower head and land on she forehead . tap . another one . we hear a small underwater pop ... the tub finally start to drain . int . live room - night the front door open and James step inside . kellie exit Abby 's room and rush into he arm . kellie thank God you be back ! James look down and see Abby . kellie pull away from he as he kneel down and put he arm on Abby 's shoulder . jame where the hell be you ? kellie we need to get out of here right now . James look past kellie into the hallway and see Bernard on the floor . jame oh my God , Bernard ! int . hallway - continuous James tentatively approach Bernard 's body -- still several meter away . kellie jump in front of James -- block he progress . right in front of Abby 's open door . kellie this thing get everyone . if we stay any longer we -- 79 . jame where ... where 's Robin ? kellie dad , let 's go . jame ( shouting ) Robin ! he open he mouth to call out again but stop once he turn ... and see Todd 's body in Abby 's room . int . abby' bedroom - night James enter and kneel beside Todd . he look up at kellie . jame you be tell I this thing ... do this ? ABBY that 's why kellie tell I to hide in the crawl space . kellie Abby ! confused , James look from Abby to kellie . jame wait ... you tell she to hide ? kellie I do not want it to know where she be . jame why not just get she out of the house like I ask ? James see Abby in the doorway gaze at Todd 's corpse . jame ( cont would ) ( to Abby ) do not come in here . James rise to he foot -- stare kellie square in the eye . jame ( cont would ) where be she ? 80 . on kellie -- she can not come up with a answer . she see James 's face fall as he take a step away from she . kellie why be you look at I like that ? James -- speechless -- push past she on he way to the door . kellie grab he arm but James pull away . desperate -- kellie grab a snow globe from Abby 's dresser smashes James in the head with it . glass and water fly through the air . James hit the ground -- out cold . fade to : int . live room - later James wake up in a haze . everything 's blurry . he struggle to stand up . reveal -- James be tie to a chair . the box be on the floor . kellie douse it with lighter fluid . kellie ( mutter to herself ) come on , Mom . you have be show up every five fuck minute . where be you when we really need you ? Abby sit in the corner -- scared but dutifully hold a charcoal lighter . jame ( groggy ) why would you ... ( see the lighter fluid ) what be you do ? kellie oh , you be awake . ( be : the box ) I be make we safe again . ( off he look ) do not worry , I will be careful . 81 . jame it 's she , be not it ? kellie sigh and nod reluctantly -- ' yes . 's jame ( cont would ) she know we have be in danger when Robin move in . from you . kellie that 's ridiculous . I would not hurt you . I protect you . I have be protect you for year . I get rid of the drama . I get rid of the yell . think about how much happier we all be once she ... leave . jame you kill she . kellie I push she . gravity do the rest . she catch James look at the necklace wrap around she forearm . the bruise . the blood . kellie ( cont would ) I be sorry , I do not want you to know it be she . James break down in tear . kellie ( cont would ) do not be sad ! this be totally fixable ! we will go back to the way it be . just we . you , I and Abby . no Mom , no Robin ... ( genuine ) be not the past five year great ? jame ( call out ) Robin ! Robin ! int . kellie' bathroom - continuous the last of the water have drain from the tub . Robin lay soaking on the bare porcelain . 82 . int . live room - continuous kellie grab the lighter from Abby . kellie ( to James ) what be it you do not understand ! we do not need she . jame ( call out again ) Robin ! kellie she can not hear you . kellie 's ready to torch the box . her eye scan the room for any sign of lexy as she click the lighter . jame why do not we stop and figure this out together ? kellie where have I hear that before ? jame please . let I fix this . kellie no . you be not good at that . without I , Mom would have destroy this family year ago . kellie grab Abby 's hand and pull she close . kellie ( cont would ) ( to Abby ) I need you to cry out for she . Cry out for Mom . ABBY but what if she 's listen to you now ? she know what you be do . kellie close she eye and sigh -- ' goddammit . 's kellie you be right . kellie pull the necklace off she arm and wrap it around abby' neck . 83 . kellie ( cont would ) let 's see if she care about you as much as I do . kellie see James 's eye widen as he look past she . something 's behind she . kellie release Abby and turn to see ... Robin . soaking wet . bloodshot eye . piss off . robin it 's over , kellie . kellie dive for the box . Robin quickly approach and snatch it out of she hand . kellie jump to she foot . kellie no ! do not ! Robin let the box fall to the floor and stomp on it . the BOX shatter . robin I be so sick of you . talk about how you protect they . kellie crawl on she knee -- grab the lock of hair and try to get as many piece of the box as she can . robin ( cont would ) you do not give a shit about protect they . you want to possess they . kellie get back on she foot and take a step towards Abby . kellie ( fume ) that be not true . robin Abby , come here . Abby take a step away from kellie towards Robin . kellie ( hurt ) Abby ... seriously ? Abby pause and look at kellie . 84 . jame Abby , listen to Robin . kellie -- utterly lose -- look to James . jame ( cont would ) we be go to get you some help , kellie . confused -- she take a step towards he . jame ( cont would ) you be not well . kellie take another step . kellie ( realize ) we be not go to be together anymore ? ( smile ) you do not mean that . jame ( a burst of emotion ) you destroy everything ! kellie leap onto James -- still tie to the chair -- and wrap she arm tight around he . Manic . flail . the first time we have see she totally out of control . kellie no , I have do everything ! I make this family ! you can not take it away from I ! the room start to shake ever so slightly . kellie hang on to he for dear life . she pull he tighter . he can not breathe . her arm slip and -- almost subconsciously -- wrap around he neck . robin kellie , stop ! the necklace once again dig into kellie 's wrist . the room shake violently now . Robin grab hold of kellie 's arm . kellie refuse to let go . James struggle but she 's smother he . the chair leans back on its rear leg . 85 . wind fill the room . debris fly through the air . the chair topples over -- send kellie fly to the floor . the shelf next to they collapse . framed picture of the family fall onto kellie . glass shatter all over she . a loud cracking boom . lexy appear in specter form and hover menacingly above the family . James 's eye widen in terror . that awful supernatural shriek pierce the air . another booming SOUND ... lexy float in front of they . vaporous , ethereal and unmistakably she . she 's surround by a haze of ENERGY . James 's eye fill with tear , relief and closure . Robin comfort Abby as the little girl look up in wonder . kellie avert she eye in anger and shame -- she can not even look at she . lexy turn to vapor and move through jame -- a radiant stream -- disappear as she do so . kellie turn to see Robin clutching Abby . protect she . kellie grab a shard of glass from one of the shattered frame and run after Robin -- force she into the hallway . int . kellie' bedroom - continuous Robin slam the door and back up against the wall . int . hallway - continuous kellie kick at the door . int . live room - continuous Abby unty James from the chair . int . kellie 's bedroom - continuous kellie kick the door open and slowly enter the room -- she eye search in the dark . 86 . robin kellie ... you hand . kellie look down at the blood drip from she hand . kellie race towards she -- the shard of glass raise high . Robin back up and slam into the trophy shelf . trophies topple to the ground . jame ( 0.c . ) just stop ! kellie spin around -- surprised to see James in the doorway . kellie dad ? she look he in the eye ... almost plead . kellie ( cont would ) you replace I . kellie once again lunge at Robin and trip over the ' World 's best daughter 's trophy and fall face first towards the razor sharp sculpture in the corner . Robin reach out to stop she . robin no no no ! close on Robin 's face . a sicken shhhk as kellie 's scream fill the air . James rush over to help kellie -- but we know by the look on he face it 's too late . he crumple to he knee , sobbing . tight on kellie 's face . Wide -ey shock and terror . the camera spin around to the mirror opposite she . we realize she 's stare at she own reflection -- she watch as the color drain from she own face . cur to : ext . caldwell house - morning police car and ambulance clutter the driveway . 87 . emt attend to Robin , James and Abby . all wrap in blanket . int . kellie' bedroom - morning kellie be cover by a white sheet . blood seeping through the center . impale on the sculpture she hate so much . the sheet cover she almost entirely but stop at she eye . they be lifeless and wide with fear . cur to : ext . san francisco apartment build - night a affluent ocean front building . title - one Year later int . new apartment - MAIN bedroom - night James and Robin sleep in they new bed . a photo they wedding day on the nightstand . whisper offscreen -- Robin stir . int . new apartment - hallway - night Robin make she way down the hall . tire . in she nightgown . she stop outside a close door . the whisper be louder . int . new apartment - ABBY 's room - night Robin open the door -- startling Abby . robin you know the rule . Real friend only . ABBY I be not talk to anyone . lexy 's necklace dangle at she clavicle . 88 . robin come on . ABBY I be serious . you be too paranoid . robin no such thing . int . new apartment - hallway - night Robin close the door and head back down the hall . int . new apartment - MAIN bedroom - night James wake up and spoon Robin as she get back into bed . jame everything alright ? Robin smile . robin we have gotta keep a eye on that one . int . new apartment - ABBY 's room - night Abby lay on she stomach , drift off to sleep . ABBY can you do it one more time ? beat . she smile . ABBY ( cont would ) thanks ! ( sing ) the itsy-bitsy spider go up the water spout ... invisible finger walk up she back as she sing along , press into she pajamas . we pan over to lexy 's wedding ring on the bedside table . cur to black : the end .