imagine story dept . tower heist aka untitled trump heist project by Adam Cooper & Bill collage revision by Russell gewirtz rawson thurber Ted griffin current revision by Leslie dixon revise January 28 , 2010 int . / ext . manhattan - daybreak ( and queen , and brooklyn , newark , staten island , the bronx , harlem , and the disappear corner of Manhattan that under overpass , or too close to soup kitchen to have become gentrify ) . ( title sequence ) we will see a series of shot of the city waking up . except that it 's two city : one , the sparkle -y winner - take - all Manhattan of the movie , '' the apprentice , '' and Eva gabor . two , the get-real Manhattan where the regular people , whose daily sweat make sparkle -y Manhattan go , begin they hard - work day . over the beeping / shrilling / radio blaring of various alarm we see quick cut of tenement pipe shudder as rusty water spatter onto three squirming kid in a bathtub , be hastily bath by they bi-racial mother .. to multiple jet of a waterwork shower pummelling the backside of a supermodel ... we see arm go into uniform sleeve , to arm go into a dolce & gabanna chemise ... Dr. scholl 's pad go into sensible shoe ... manicure toe go into thousand dollar platform with six inch heel . we see name tag pin on front pocket .... bow tie clipped onto collar ... to a rolex be fastened around a man 's wrist ... back to ... a old guy ( lester ) sit at the kitchen table of he lower East side one bedroom , which have see no renovation since they put in hot water in the ' 30s . he be painstakingly sewing a button on the sleeve of he doorman 's uniform . ext . manhattan and boroughs - day various shot of the underclass move towards they job ... and they overlord perhaps go to work , perhaps not . tennis shoed feet step down stair to subway station . magli shoed foot get out of limo . awning pull down on vendor cart ... italian silk shade pull down so a rich girl can go back to bed . a messenger on a bicycle be graze by a BMW . the well dress driver zip down he window , craning he neck -- not to see if the messenger 's okay , but instead to inspect he car for scratch . towards the gleam tower of Midtown , the employ underclass be walk , walk ... .-. from the other direction walk a couple of clubbing rich kide , still in they party clothes , have be out all night ... + . hardhat edge around they , just try to get the hell to they job .. .+.. pampered dog paw be also walk . tilt up to reveal : one person walk be a uniform black man , 30' , mr . WASHINGTON . he be walk six pedigreed dog in front of a sleek , state of the art modern luxury build . ( and guy , if we want to do a homage to this kind of late 60' / early 70 's heist ENERGY , we could do a windowpane screen effect , with many shot of wildly economically divergent new yorker ... from satellite dish on cardboard box to helipad on building ... you get the idea ... ) one of the dog slip its leash ! a silky afghan make a break for freedom , dash down the sidewalk as , come around the corner , we see - - 5 th avenue/59th STREET N R W cole howard , on one side or the other of 40 . he take in the tableau at a glance -- the scream dog - walker try to catch up , the bound afghan . in a swift move , Cole plunk down 2 dollar on a vendor 's cart and grab a small shish kebab , wave it at the dog 's eye level . the hound stop instantly , practically levitate to get the meat , as mr . WASHINGTON , the dog walker , catch up . mr . WASHINGTON Mr. Howard -- ahhh , thanks -- cole carry a stash of treat , Mr. Washington -- you be compete with every entice smell in Manhattan . Cole go into the building . Mr. Washington watch after he , nodd . mr . WASHINGTON yeah , be not we all . ext . foyer of build - day lester , the old doorman , now in full uniform , smile at Cole , the residence manager , as he stride in , clearly in charge of the place . cole Morning , lester . lester look to be a fine day , Mr. Howard . from a high angle , looking down on Cole , and for the first time we catch a glimpse of this building : sleek , modern , the jewel of the block . above a staff entrance , a security camera peer down . on a plasma security monitor , displaying numerous angle : Cole shoot a salute to the camera and -- buz2z2z2 ZZZ ! -- int . the tower -- back hallway -- day -- he 's admit inside . Cole push on down the corridor , pass maid , porter , attendant -- offer each a friendly , firm smile . cole Morning . Morning , miss Lewis , you son better ? good. Mr. Stuart , there be some vodka bottle on the roof deck ... school 's obviously out ... Mrs. Lopez , the elevator 's reek --! the stout hispanic janitress nod vigorously , roll she eye . she hold up a antisceptic spray bottle : she 's on it . mrs . LOPEZ you do not get to tell I ! the cheap cologne on that guy , oh my God ! cole miss Lopez . resident 's guest who wear miniskirt be woman , until we be otherwise instruct . she nod . know he 's right . he poke he head inside -- int . a security room - day where a guard man the monitor . Cole point at a dark car on the screen . cole ( cont 'd ) what 's with the tinted window across the street ? guard do not know . be there all night . cole keep a eye . it 's not you typical towncar . charlie gibb , concierge , Cole 's age , fall into stride with he . they have be ten year on the job together . charlie Morning . cole Mr. Gibbs . charlie what have you do this weekend ? cole worried about this place . charlie y’know it be we 10 year anniversary . think you could start call I Charlie ? cole ( only half joke ) and that 's the beginning of the end . next it will be '' bro '' and '' dude , '' and the discipline around here 'o 1l go straight to hell . even talk about it open a crack into the abyss . they enter -- int . tower -- lobby -- day the most elegant , most comfortable private lobby in NYC . a three -story high ceiling with a glass wall fill the space with light . a cherry - oak - panele concierge 's counter top with egyptian marble . designer divan and read chair galore and a zen fountain . Charlie point towards the front door , at lester , the doorman we see earlier . well into he 70 , he know no great pleasure than do he job well . charlie what about he ? a gaggle of kide swarm through the lobby , off to school . Cole know all they name . they favorite , however , be lester : he 's a giant teddy bear to they . lester who do they homework for today ? whatya mean no homework today ?! why not ?! oh , cause it 's the first day of school !! ... lester open the door for the kid . they rush out . cole what about he ? charlie you call lester , lester . cole I prefer lester to you . Cole pat Charlie on the shoulder and go -- he obviously like Charlie enough to bust he ball . ( and we will soon see that he be actually more informal with Charlie than anyone in the place . ) the lobby be come to life , now . all staff wear a earpiece and a mic clipped to they sleeve , except Cole who keep a slender walkie in he breast pocket . cole ( cont 'd ) everyone awake ? okay , service with a smile . the staff , at they station , nod back . elevator door OPEN and a overly bejeweled woman exit . Cole be there to welcome she ; today 's performance have begin . she do not break stride , just start bark '' favor . '' bejeweled woman Cole , my day today be a ballbuster . at ten a man 's come from Pierre laveurre to measure for my valance ... then the tv lift bandit be come , again -- it 's still have this epileptic seizure -- thus begin a montage of cole morning . he be a master at handle each resident : he compliment , he cajole , with child he clown , to older resident he kowtow . as he accept each resident '' request , '' Charlie keep a discreet to - do list at he desk . various resident +.- pick up my dry-clean / ... move the armoire / stir the confit / appraise the Monet .../... feed the finch / ... the moth larvae will have to be pick , nit by nit , off that sweater / ... Cole 's just as good with staff . later , eying some new , petite size lingerie on a rack , he delegate to a porter : cole .-- ah , ah , no -- not to the apartment , to Mr. Davis 's office ... ( low ) -. Mrs. Davis be a size 12 . Cole talk a mile a minute into he mouthpiece , direct and redirecting building traffic . cole ( cont ’d ) .-- it 's 7:45 and I be still see laundry cart . you should all be on you way ... Mr. hutensky , Mrs. Simon be still miss she mercede key . -- well , that dog do eat just about anything , I be afraid you be go to have to do some ... pan for gold . miss hahn , be aware , the window in 66b have be remove , try not to plunge to you death ... under Cole 's run patter we see more montage : various shot of the minute detail that make run a full service luxury building so complex : bed make / plant water / a venus flytrap plant feed meat / brown hand pick up jewelry off a dresser and dusting the dresser before meticulously replace the jewelry , unmolested ... maids in overcoat even vacuum a 66b , a apartment that 's a construction site , freezing wind blow in through the gape hole where the window be still miss . at the package station a pert Hispanic girl , PEREZ , discreetly read a book . suddenly , in she earpiece : cole 's voice miss Perez - -? ( as she jump ) for six month I have pretend not to notice you have be study for the bar . please do not make it so obvious that the resident notice too . she blushes , nod , and better bury she book , grateful for he lenience . int . guard station - day the two guard continue to stare , on screen , at the mystery park car . cole 's voice ... Steve , miguel , have it move ? guard # 1 no sir ! ( click off , turn to friend ) what 's he go so crazy for ? have this building ever be hit ? guard # 2 shit , no . guard # 1 it 's probably just some guy get a blow job . guard # 2 for a day and a half ? guard # 1 maybe he 's 80 . they laugh . montage continue : Cole besiege by resident . ( the first be a stringy , edgy , rich woman , miss hollingsworth . we will be see she again . ) hollingsworth / various resident make sure mother take she lexapro and she atavin -- one without the other she behave like a chimpanzee / ... ( more ) hollingsworth / various resident .-+. strange click noise on line one -- it could be my ex husband wiretapp I back .../ .-- balloon , streamer and a pinata which can not have candy with peanut or she little best friend will die on the spot .... the camera jump back from Cole , handle 11 thing at once , back to a long shot of the lobby , back to the exterior of the building , look in , back from across the STREET ... someone , with very professional equipment , be watch the building through a telephoto lens . title - up : T o W E R h E be T int . the lobby - day Cole finally have a moment to breathe . but ever vigilant , he look around . cole -- so where 's we new elevator man ...? be not he start today ? charlie look like he 's jump the gun . he gesture at the elevator bank , where arthur braniff , 60 , get off the elevator , mr . dev 's reaux , dapper in he new uniform , happily chat while man the elevator . despite he $ 200 haircut and hand - tailore dress shirt and Caribbean tan , braniff be a master at get people to forget fitzgerald 's maxim about the rich ( " they be different than you and I '' ) . arthur braniff well , jamal , nice to meecha . dev 's reaux pleasure , sir ! Cole turn to Charlie , nonpluss . cole '' jamal ? '' charlie told a resident he first name ...?! uh uh uh . Cole want to yank dev’reaux aside , but braniff seem to be enjoy the encounter , so Cole keep a smile on he face for a moment more . arthur braniff jamaal , have Cole teach you the golden rule of work here yet ? cole ( shoot dagger at deveraux ) we have not actually run Mr. devr ’eaux through the protocol ... arthur braniff jamaal , if I ask you , would you go pick I up a cheeseburger ? dev ' reaux of course . arthur braniff thing be , I want a certain kind of brie on my burger they only sell at Michel 's cheese shop downtown . think you can get that first ? dev ' reaux certainly , Mr. braniff . arthur braniff as for the hamburger , only organically - feed , free-range beef , please . can you make sure of that ? dev ' reaux I think so . arthur braniff finally the bun . this be the most important part . I need the bun bless by the pope himself . see to it , willya ? dev ' reaux ( catch on ) get the vatican on speed-dial . arthur braniff he 's a natural . ( to dev ) always say yes . that 's the golden rule . say yes , then figure out how the hell you be gonna manage it . ( more ) 10 . arthur braniff ( cont 'd ) I may live at the top of this building but I be in the service industry same as you and Cole , and I know soon as I say ' no 's toa customer , I be flat - out on my ass . braniff give dever ’aux a $ 100 bill . arthur braniff ( cont ’d ) another thing , jamaal : I do everything myself . keeps I honest . i’1ll get my own cheeseburger , and you get one too , on I ! as braniff wander off , dever ’aux 's suddenly see -- lobby seating area -- coffee table -- day a copy of newsweek be casually splay across the coffee table , a picture of arthur braniff on the cover ! dev’raux doubletake , stare at the photo , as Cole step into frame beside he . dever ' aux wow . he 's pretty real for ... ( pick up magazine ) .-. '' the Wall Street wizard ? ! '' cole Mr. dever ’aux , as you can see , some of we resident be pretty high profile individual . what make you think you should jump in without any orientation ? mr . deveraux well , push button , shoot the breeze , I mean -- I know the job . Charlie and Cole exchange a look . cole remind I : where do we steal you away from ? dev ' reaux spend the last two year at the Richelieu on 78th . cole that 's a good building . why would you want to leave it ? 11 . dev ' reaux you wanna play baseball , you gonna wanna play someday for the yankee . this building 's the yankee . cole ( not unkindly ) then do not treat it like the sand lot . '' push button '' and '' shoot the breeze '' be seriously demean you job . you be crucial to this people : you be part of protect they . dev ' reaux from what , sir ? Cole gesture across the lobby , where Arthur braniff have be stop by a anxious - look middle aged guy in a suit . this be fitzhugh . cole he 's go ten step , and he 's already under attack from Mr. fitzhugh over there , a much less successful money manager who 's desperate for tip . Mr. Gibbs , head he off , please ... Charlie quickly speed off to stop this encounter . Mr. fitzhugh be already in mid-pitch . mr . fitzhugh -- I do try you office , but everything 's on voice mail -- if you could just -- one millisecond -- see , I be have a hell of a time lock down even a safe 2 % return in this market , and any suggestion ... just the wisp of a hint ... would really help I out of a ... well , verge on catastrophic -- he see Charlie come , who be shoot dagger at he . quickly , to braniff : mr . fitzhugh ( cont 'd ) thank you ! we ’1ll reconvene soon ! he scurries off . Charlie sigh to braniff . charlie Mr. Howard apologize . he get past we . 12 . arthur braniff I can not really blame fitzhugh . he 's lose he apartment . ( sigh ) tough time make civilized people do uncivilize thing . braniff shrug affably and go . meanwhile , across the lobby , Cole continue to brief Mr. dev’reaux . cole after the doorman admit a visitor , you be they second line of defense . and you antenna should be out at all time for anyone go up in you car who give you even the smallest uneasy feel ... his eye drift towards ... ext . through the lobby front glass - cole 's Pov - day the tinted window car still sit , mysteriously , across the street . two overcoated men walk past . cole like that two . he walk outside , lester open the door , dever ’aux at he heel . ext . the build - day Cole watch the man continue down the street , then turn to dev’reaux , explain . cole that 's the second time they have walk by the building from the same direction . May be nothing , but it 's a little off . dev ' reaux man . not even you job , but you notice everything ! cole it 's all my job . there 's a cellular structure to a full service building -- in order to keep this hive run we all exceed we job description . ( more ) 13 . cole ( cont 'd ) this resident will not notice ordinary service -- only the extraordinary service will get you that bonus . Cole give the building 's perimeter a once-over . he spy a scrap of trash at the curb and squat to pick it up . dev’reaux just stare . that 's dedication . ext . the tower -- from high above -- dusk a tarp cover the absent window on 66 flap in the wind as the sun go down . below , Mr. Washington exit the staff entrance , in he civvy , knock off for the night . he pass miss hollingsworth , the stringy , nasty woman we meet earlier . mr . WASHINGTON even , miss . hollingsworth . ( the woman startles ) -- it 's just I , Mr. Washington . miss hollingsworth oh ! oh . mr . WASHINGTON out of uniform . get it . he keep he expression cheerful , but drop it the minute she go on she way . racist bitch ! int . the tower -- back hallway -- moment later on a check : '' alimony -- September . '' Cole 's mailing he monthly due as Charlie , in civvy now , rap on the door . exiting , Cole and Charlie pass the locker room . Cole lean in to kill the light , to find lester still here , gaze into space . charlie lester ? you okay ? lester .+.- jjust gettin’ my shoe on ... I will be outta here in a jiff ... Cole eye lester , know the old man have something on he mind . 14 . cole what . lester naw , it 's a long day for you , Mr. Howard ... Cole smile . cole and now it 's over , and I have time . what. lester it 's just , ah ... I uh , I ask Mr. Simon a few week ago to get I some fund from my 401 thing -- ( quickly ) -- not playin’ the horse or anything , Mr. Howard -- my little grandkid out in California , they daddy get laid off , and they be feel the pinch , you know -- cole for you to even bring it up , it 's more than a pinch . lester well , they be behind kinda every which way ... cole lose they house ? lester ( sigh ) yeah , if I do not help ... cole of course , why would not you help ? lester well , that 's just it ... Mr. Simon , he have not give I the money . cole when do you ask he ? lester six week ago . cole and you still do not have the money . lester he say that the bank 's gonna get to it . cole well you be -- ( not want to guess lester 's age ) -- of a certain age , you can take that money out . this make no sense at all . lester bank get busy , like anybody . cole not with we pension plan . int . the tower -- mr. simon 's office -- day 15 . doorplate : '' property manager . '' Mr. Simon sit and peruse he Wall Street Journal a moment before he address Cole . mr . simon the economy 's in the crapper , Cole . cole with all due respect , sir , I do not really see how that entitle a bank to stall give lester some of he money . mr . simon everyone 's cut staff . cole then the remain bank employee can work free overtime , as we do . there be a subtle dig there , but Cole keep he pleasant and professional . mr . simon do not get smart . the resident board think we may have some staff redundddancy . cole whoa , whoa : cut our staff ? my people be out there busting they -- expression 16 . mr . simon ( raise a hand : enough ) I just want to prepare you for possible contingency . Mr. Simon simply pick up he newspaper and start read . the interview be over . mr . simon ( cont ’d ) hang up the Christmas tapestry tomorrow , please . cole it 's already do . ext . 5 th avenue -- night Cole , Charlie and lester exit the building together , head to they various home . Cole notice : the tinted window car be still sit there . and -- across the street -- there 's another one ! cole there 's two of they , now ? why have not they be tow ? charlie ( shrug ) call the city . cole we do . they be do nothing -- no , really , it make no sense -- Cole finally let Charlie pull he along , down the sidewalk , walk along with lester , pleased to have company . at a bus stop , they wait with lester for he crosstown , Cole try not to flick a glance back at the mystery car . lester -- the littlest one tell I the other day on the phone : '' grandpa , what 's invisible and smell like worm ? '' '' Bird fart , '' he say . the way he laugh at he own joke I just about die . cole you ever think about move out there ? 17 . lester Nah . I can help ‘em out more from here , and no use pretend I do not love the job ... cole lester . the day you go , we change the name of the building , cause it 'il never be the same . nothing could mean more to lester . his bus arrive . lester night , Mr. Howard . Mr. Gibbs . cole lester , outside the building ...? it 's just Cole . Charlie drop he jaw . he 's never see Cole give that permission to anyone . they watch lester step aboard , then proceed to the subway . int . chet and marty 's live room - night all that be mundane and lower middle class in queen . the house be festoon with cheap birthday balloon and streamer . marty , Cole 's mother , 60 's , sympathetic and kind , if a bit timid , admit Cole , who be hold a present . cole hey , mom. ( peer inside ) where 's dad ? marty in he office . cole it 's he birthday . marty ( sigh ) it 's tax time . int . howard hallway - night Cole stand in the doorway , look in at he father , walt , a accountant , look dutiful and harry , up to he eyeball in he client 's tax return . 18 . cole dad . you come out ? walt yeah , I will ... and he mean it . he want to . it 's just .. so much work . cole bring you something . he enter the office , place the present on he dad 's desk . Walt unwrap it . walt oh , hey , great , a organizer ! cole I know you old one 's a little fray . Cole smile , glad he present please . marty appear behind he . marty Walt , you gotta give it half a hour . Walt sigh . he want to go to he own birthday party ; he really do . he get up , feel tear . int . howard live room - night people be toast and mingling around a nervous look Walt . he can not stop think about that pile of paper on he desk . slide ( 0.s. ) hey , here 's my present , Mr. H. slide be a sharp - look black man , about Cole 's age , a little too flashily dress for a modest birthday party . however , he seem very comfortable with this people . he hand Walt a iphone , out of a satchel in which Cole can see - - there be about 20 of they , all in they original box . Walt be very fond of slide , but be immediately suspicious . walt do you have a receipt for this ? 19 . slide ah , now , we be not gonna start that --! walt no , really , darnell --! slide shit , nobody call I that now -- marty well , we just can not help remember the old day ...! there be picture on the wall of kindergarden bud , 5 year old slide and 5 year old cole , with they arm around each other . cole he 's be slide for a while , Mom . Cole and slide appraise each other and smile , two old friend whose life have go in entirely different direction . cole ( cont 'd ) hey . slide hey . cole you do not still live around here ...? slide Nah . get a soft spot for you old dad . cole yeah , well . he be around . slide there 's that . slide 's clearly be not . cole what have you be do --? slide just laugh . cole ( cont ’d ) okay . never mind . 20 . Cole look around , notice the house be all tear up . most notably , the kitchen . like , they be cooking on a hot plate . cole ( cont 'd ) gawd , Mom -- they be still not finish ? marty a coupla permit do not come through . cole but you apply two year ago . walt man say we gotta wait . slide ( 0.s. ) you do not gotta wait . I just do mine , and ... last time the city come around , I just ... make a contribution . cole to ..? slide they well be . cole that 's generally call '' tax . '' the word '' tax '' just convulse slide . Walt , marty and Cole be take aback . slide oh , sorry , sorry , no disrepect . cole hey , seriously , slide . just curious , really -- I mean , why would not you want to pay for school and road and police protection -- slide you feel protect by the police ? cole I -- slide educate by the school ? ( to Cole ) ( more ) 21 . slide ( cont 'd ) I notice you in hock up to you ass to pay for that fancy - ass college -- tax dollar be not there to help you then . you still pay that off ? we see on Cole 's face : he be . cole ah , but I would never , ever have the job that I have -- slide no , you right , you right . you get a good job . slide mean it . he respects Cole . slide ( cont 'd ) yeah . I know . there 's day I envy that job of yours . his phone start to ring . and ring . Cole look down . the control line flash the tower . slide ( cont 'd ) this be not one of ‘em . ' C ’mon , let 's get a beer ... Cole be tear . he want to go with slide , need to answer . slide ( cont 'd ) you get to get that ? cole no ... it stop ringing . immediately start again . marty look at he . marty honey ..? we be about to cut the cake . do not . Cole look around the room at he family , who 's watch he . he sigh . cole I will not leave . okay ? I promise . ( answer , into phone ) yeah . 22 . int . a cab - moving - night Cole sit in the back seat , cab racing along , practically levitate with anxiety . he be on the phone . cole nonono -- exactly what . do you see . -- why be not they there ? when do you call they . what kind of response time be that ? -- well , how they can take that position , that nothing 's actually happen , when there 's bulge under the coat of man who have be stake out my building and they be take up position around the perimeter -- what happen to crime prevention ?! -- okay , I be here , get out front , now now now ! ext . the tower -- front entrance -- day the cab screech up and Cole jump out , meet by three security guard . cole okay , where be they ? the guard look around . guard # 1 I do not see ‘em now . but when the wind blow they coat against they , you could see it -- they be definitely pack . Cole notice : the tinted window car be now across the STREET -- right in front of he building . cole God damn it -- enough ! he march up to the car , start bang on the window . cole ( cont 'd ) who be you in there ?! what do you want ?! no response . Cole rush into the lobby . 23 . int . lobby front desk - night Cole race up to the night desk man , agitate . cole okay , no one come in , all right ? not until I find out who this joker be and what they want . night desk man what about , go out ? cole no one go out . night desk man Cause the mink brink be here . do I not let they go out ? cole what ? they come yesterday . night desk man they be here now too . cole they be in the garage ? now ? night desk man yeah , they forget to take Mr. braniff 's wife 's mink to storage . he 's bring it down to they . cole himself ?! night desk man he do everything himself . Cole wheel on the guard . cole down down down --! go down and see what the hell 's go on ?! int . survellience room - night Cole race in : cole garage ! mink brink ! find it ! 24 . the guy click around on the camera until a image of the brink truck can be see . two guy be open the back . they be casually dress . cole ( cont 'd ) Zoom in on they . I do not know they . Zoom in on the shoe ! the technician obey . they shoe be expensive italian leather . cole ( cont 'd ) italian leather with tassle ?! I don ’t think so . -- mayday !! oh shit -- he now see , on camera , arthur braniff himself approach the truck , helpfully carry he wife 's mink , sheathed in opaque thick plastic . Cole shriek into he mouthpiece : cole ( cont 'd ) where be you two --?! I think it 's a kidnap ! he race for the elevator . int . garage - day the guard rush out of the elevator . braniff be nowhere to be see . the truck 's door be close , and the truck be beginning to pull away . guard # 1 truck 's move ! cole 's voice where be he ? guard # 1 we do not see he ! cole 's voice oh God -- they get he ! int . elevator -- on cole ... .»- pace like a cage animal . 25 . cole do not open that door ! Mr. Morgan , how strong be a brink truck ! int . garage - night the guard , to he horror , watch as the truck batter the close gate like a batter ram , almost decimate it . the truck back up for another try ... guard # 1 strong . the elevator open . Cole rush out , as the truck surge forward , smashing the grate ! cole shoot out the tire ! the guard start blast . the truck smashes through . no way to tell if it 's hit . the three man rush to the exit . ext . alley alongside the tower - night the brink truck , all its right tire shot out , be fatally lean on one side . it limp forward , scraping the side of the building , make spark . Cole and the guard race towards it with everything they have get . they be gain . the truck 's slow . before it stop the driver and helper jump out and run for it . Cole and the guard have more important matter . they race to the now-stopped truck . Cole gesture to Guard # 1 to shoot out the lock . he obey . the man wrestle the door open ... and there , look very shocked , be arthur braniff . cole Mr. braniff - -! Sir -- ! he leap up to help braniff , who be four shade of grey . he turn and quietly vomit into a corner . guard # 1 do he hit a mink ? 26 . cole ( look around ) there 's no mink . suddenly two tinted windowed car squeal into the alley , block off both avenue of escape ! Cole and the Guards freeze . who be this people ?! men get out of the car with gun drawn . two of they be the same man Cole see earlier -- pass he building . twice . Cole and he guard be now seriously outnumber . they freeze , terrify . the man draw gun . the lead agent , female , attractive in a down - to- business way , 30' , flip a badge . female agent ( denham ) FBI . Cole do not get it . agent denham we have a warrant for this man 's arrest . braniff look astonished . Cole be immediately protective . cole this man be not one of the perpetrator -- he 's the victim of a attempt kidnap -- agent denham this be not a kidnap . it be a attempt to flee . cole flee from what ?! you be make a serious mistake , and against one of my resident -- agent denham he ’1ll be reside at riker -- braniff throw up he hand , conciliatory . arthur braniff all right , all right . we will get this straighten out . ( to Cole ) would you mind tell my wife to call marty klein ? ( more ) 27 . arthur braniff ( cont 'd ) tell she not to cry , it 's the FBI , not the gestapo . oh , and -- he hand Cole the plastic-wrapp coat . arthur braniff ( cont ’d ) take she she mink . she ’1ll worry . Cole reach out to take the wrap coat . the female agent immediately snatch it out of he hand . cole be this a shakedown ? how can you people possibly use a mink coat as eviden -- the agent zip the plastic OPEN . there be no mink inside the plastic . instead , hang neatly , be several plastic pouch of various size , contain toiletry , thick envelope , and ream of document . Cole 's jaw drop . Arthur sigh impatiently . the agent zip open a compartment , pull out a passport , flip it open . it have Arthur 's face on it , but not he name . the other agent pull cash and document out of the other envelope . arthur braniff this prove nothing . agent denham yeah . I guess everybody put fake passport , account number and wad of euros in mothball storage . I know I do . ( to braniff , '' charming '' ) walk with we . the agent cuff he and lead he down the alley , where Cole can see scad of reporter and a few police wait , flashbulb already pop . cole the underground exit might be more discreet . agent denham oh no . Mr. braniff 's get the full perp-walk . Cole volunteer he jacket to be laid over braniff 's cuff . 28 . ext . the tower -- front entrance -- continuous a crowd have gather outside along with a news crew to document braniff 's walk of shame . agent denham escort he to a squad car , load he into the rear seat . she return Cole 's jacket and Cole look from she to braniff , not sure what to believe . the police caravan pull away and Cole steer Mrs. braniff away from camera . susan braniff , a facelift and pampere 60 , burst from the front of the building , a mink coat over she nightgown . susan braniff Arthur ! what be all this ?! he 's do nothing wrong ! agent denham get a load of she . agent denham look like she mink 's safe . int . cole 's live room - night - close on -— - a fistful of advil be shake into Cole 's hand . the appropriate end to a awful day . his apartment lack a woman 's touch and housekeeper 's visit . on a mantel , evidence of a former life : a wedding photo . Cole sit , eat kung pao chicken out of a counter , gloomily watch tv . his phone ring . int . simon 's live room - night there be many , many tchocky and two little yapping dog -- Simon be evidently prissy . he be on the phone . mr . simon what the -- int . cole 's live room Cole hold the phone away from he ear . mr . simon 's voice -- hell happen ?! cole we do not know anything beyond the arrest . ( more ) 29 . cole ( cont 'd ) five news crew still park outside , I imagine we will find out when they do . Cole suddenly sit bolt upright , he attention capture by the tv . cole ( cont 'd ) sh! turn on channel four now ! the tv - close ( and we cross CUT between the two men : ) braniff be the top story . cnbc anchor ( on tv ) ... last year Wall Street titan Arthur braniff be the subject of a 60 Minutes profile but this afternoon he 's the subject of a FBI indictment . we have not learn the charge against he ... mr . simon do he murder someone ? rape someone ? he better not have do it in the building . cnbc anchor ..- but there be heavy speculation that he will be charge with several count of security fraud ... mr . simon what kind of fraud ? cole Securities fraud . swindle . mr . simon ah , no no no noooo --! cole I know . he seem like a good guy . mr . simon fuck that ! he run we board ! cole yeah , well , somebody else will step in . mr . simon he manage the building 's asset ! 30 . Cole stare at the receiver . he never think about that . cole manage , as in ... invest ? he hear only cursing from the receiver . cole ( cont ’d ) Mr. Simon , be we talk about the fund for pot palm in the lobby , or ...? there 's no answer from Mr. Simon . cole ( cont 'd ) or --?! Mr. Simon snort with disdain . ext . the manhattan skyline as the Sun come up over the gleam midtown building ... int . the tower -- lobby -- day Cole come in , pensive , the weight of the world on he shoulder . he look around the lobby , at all the people who work for he . porter decorate the holiday tree ; it 's day before Christmas and the lobby bustles with activity -- delivery men haul in fir tree , resident return with shopping , other leave on holiday with pile upon pile of luggage . dev 's reaux ( overload with ski bag ) -- where you folk head for the break ? St. Moritz ?! ( with a bit of edge ) get outta here , that 's where I ski ! the holiday music grate in Cole 's ear . int . the package room - day Cole have the entire staff assemble . this be the hardest moment of he life . 31 . cole the press have not make this announcement yet , but the arrest agent be good enough to take my call and fill I in . I do not want any of you to hear this from some ... impersonal source . ( a deep breath ) it seem that ... Mr. braniff 's great success be actually a giant ponzi scheme . anyone who have anything invest with Mr. braniff ... ( beat ) ...- have probably be defraud . murmur of shock from the staff . Cole soldier on , hat have to tell they all this . cole ( cont ’d ) as you pension be invest with Mr. braniff ... we pan across the devastate face of the maids , valet ... and lester . poor lester , who be do he best to remain stoic in this desperate circumstance . maid # 1 so that mean ... this be the hardest word Cole will ever have to say : cole it 's all go . more murmur . they can not believe it . Cole continue , with all the compassionate dignity he can summon . cole ( cont 'd ) some of you may need some time to process this ... and I will make myself available to answer any further question ... if I can . and anyone who absolutely need to go home for the day , I will do my best to operate with a skeleton crew . I appreciate anyone stay who possibly can ... but I can not in good conscience expect that from you , in light of ... what you must be feel . if you could just tell I ... who need to go ...? 32 . he scan they stunne face . they all want to raise they hand and leave . some of they be blink back tear . ms . PEREZ be you pension go too , Mr. Howard ? cole well . yes . I be sure it be . of course it be , I - - a couple of they start to raise they hand , then , exchange glance with the other ( who be not ) put they hand back down . lester dab at he eye , but pull himself together , muster a heartbreaking smile . lester would not want to leave you short - hand , Mr. Howard . slowly they all dissemble , go back to they post . Cole watch they go , know he 's just be witness to a major act of bravery , of loyalty . he have never be so touch in he life . ext . the tower -- front entrance -- day Mr. svickhar approach Charlie . svichkar Mr. Howard gonna be out soon ? charlie why ? svichkar the grinch be here . he indicate outside where -- ext . the tower -- MAIN entrance -- continuous -- another caravan approach , with a trail of news truck . one crew be on the street already taping : 33 . reporter on STREET '' , ..j just a hour ago State Superior Court release Arthur braniff on ten million dollar bail on condition that he remain under house arrest here at he penthouse apartment on 5th Avenue ... '' agent denham be first out of a sedan , follow by braniff , hand unbound this time . he 's assault with question from the press . Fighting through they , he stop to declare : arthur braniff yes , mistake be make . people lose money . I be sick about that . but they be mistake , make with the best intention . and I be truly sorry they be make . int . the tower -- lobby -- continuous Charlie , Ms. Perez , and dev watch braniff from inside . charlie ( bitterly quote braniff ) '' tough time make civilized people do uncivilize thing . '' braniff come in out of the media storm , along with he wife and lawyer and a phalanx of FBI agent . Cole turn to he employee : cole I know what you be think : how dare they make we he jailer . you 'il think about spitting in he coffee and overwax he floor . but this be the tower , and we will remain consummate professional . this be also America , and he 's innocent until prove guilty . the hostile clamor of the crowd outside be replace by a icy silence inside as braniff find himself face - to- face with the Tower staff . arthur braniff hello , everyone . sorry about the circus out there ... no one respond . Cole , keep he tone neutral , try to set a good example . 34 . cole Mr. braniff . welcome home . arthur braniff thanks , Cole . good to be back . braniff sound like the same genial guy he ever be . but now they know better . agent denham usher braniff to the elevator . arthur braniff ( cont ’d ) hi , jamaal . dev ' reaux Mr. braniff . how be the slammer ? Cole notice -- lester be at he post , but he look weak , grey , stunne . as he greet resident , he voice be wobbly . Cole cross , put he hand on lester 's arm . gently : cole nobody appreciate you stay more than I do , but ... I think you need to take a personal day now . lester want to protest , but he finally nod . he 's beat . lester thank you , Mr. Howard . cole ( kindly ) you never be go to call I Cole , be you ? lester smile weakly , shake he head and go . Cole watch after he , worried . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- day FBI technician wire the place , turn a $ 45 million apartment into a prison cell . a prison cell with five bedroom and floor- to-ceil view of Central Park . a technician fit braniff with a ankle bracelet as agent denham tour the apartment with he lawyer , marty klein . Middle of 35 . marty klein my client would like access to the swim pool downstairs . agent denham absolutely not . marty klein then the gym on forty - three . agent denham a dim , delusional dream . marty klein at least let he have access to the sundeck on fifty . even death row inmate get fifteen minute of fresh air a day . agent denham Mr. klein , the rule of you client 's occupancy here be simple : he leave the apartment for any reason , he get remand to federal custody and forfeit he ten million dollar bail . if you client want fresh air so badly , I suggest he stick he head out a window . or in a oven . -- what be that ? the room sit a GREEN austin - healey two -seater . marty klein obviously you do not watch 60 Minutes . that be a 1958 austin- healey . Mr. braniff be a car enthusiast . agent denham what 's it do up here ? arthur braniff ( enter , try out he ankle bracelet like he 's try on new shoe ) we be go to keep it at the cape , but it get better mileage here in the city . 36 . ext . a coffee kiosk - day lester , still look weak and grey , painstakingly count out the change for a cup of coffee . when the vendor hand it to he , lester 's hand be shaking so badly that he can barely lift it . int . arthur braniff apartment - ( continuation of previous scene - ) night marty klein be admire the Austin healy . he and braniff chat affably as if nothing have happen . marty klein aahhhh , this be the one you snake mallya out of ! how have you get it up here ? arthur braniff very carefully . and I make he throw in he best bottle of latour . marty klein cross to the braniff 's wine refrigerator , take out a bottle of chateau latour , ' 61 , look at the distinctive tower on the label , whistle . braniff grab it back . braniff no you do not . that 's for my 100th . agent denham well , we ’1ll have to confiscate it . along with all this painting . braniff look to marty klein . marty klein everything in this apartment be the legal property of Mrs. braniff . consequently none of it be subject to you seizure warrant , agent denham . agent denham ( no rollover ) yeah . she 's a blink , innocent fawn . int . lester 's apartment - night lester slowly come into the room , shell shocked . he sit on he bed , take off he hat . he look at the picture of he two grandkids . for whom he can now provide -- nothing . 37 . int . braniff apartment - continuous - night she consider braniff , oddly sanguine give the circumstance . how can he be under house arrest and seem so unconcern ? Cole enter with the sentry agent . agent denham Mr. Howard , thank you for join we . Cole be stare at the Austin Martin . he can not believe it . arthur braniff beauty , huh ? this be the first model off the line , make a present to Winston churchill shortly before he death . agent denham can not believe this guy be go on about he car like nothing 's happen . she snap at he : agent denham Mr. Howard be not here for a car show . ( to Cole ) I want to bring you up to speed on some restriction to Mr. braniff 's stay here . ( Cole nod ) Mr. braniff may receive no visitor without authorization from my office and a federal officer present . that include family member , Mr. klein here , even you staff . any mail income or outgo must be vetted by my office . also , you should prepare you staff for a onslaught of food delivery : the braniff will be eat in for the foreseeable future . question ? Cole do not have any . he stare at the opulence of the Austin Martin , then back at braniff , who remain cool as a cucumber . arthur braniff I have one . what if there 's a fire ? agent denham then I 'il know there 's a god . 38 . int . the tower -- elevator -- day Cole and denham ride down together . in silence . at first . cole thanks for take my call last night . agent denham you be welcome . no more one in the morning , okay . cole you be up . agent denhan even so . a silence . cole I be anxious about -- agent denham -- you people , I know . and I be glad I could help . I want my pound of flesh , though . Cole blink at she . then get it . cole oh ! a favor back ! sure , sure . agent denham what do you think I mean ? cole I - - never mind . she smile at he wryly . agent denham please . when would you find the time ? the elevator door open and they enter ... int . the tower -- lobby -- continuous Cole escort agent denham across the lobby . 39 . cole I have ... ( realize how little ) -.. some time ... agent denham look , I get the 17 hour day thing . I be in you tribe . she give he a understanding smile as she say this that might hint at something personal ...? he appraise she . cole warmth ? understand ? ( cut the shit ) uh-uh . what do you want ? she unapologetically launch in . agent denham look , we still do not completely have everything clear about braniff . cole ahhh . you think I might know something . she do . ding ! the door open on the lobby . agent denham outside . ext . the tower -- front entrance -- continuous Cole see agent denham to she sedan . she stop , peer up ( way up ) at the penthouse . agent denham we have account for every dime braniff take , all he holding , everything he own . the math do not jive . somewhere he 's stashed twenty mile . cole ( facetious ) where ? in he apartment ? she just shoot he a look . yeah . maybe. 40 . cole ( cont 'd ) um ... you people be pretty thorough . you do not think you would have find it ? agent denham man swindle sixty billion . you tell I . and it 's all he 's get now . if I be he , I would keep it close . so if you think of anything we might have miss ... she hand he a card : '' jillian denham , FBI . '' Cole read it . cole I have you number , remember ? she remember , slightly flustered . agent denham yeah ... how do you get that ? cole in my business , the stuff you be ask to find at four in the morning ...? ( shrug ) it 's a simple phone number . agent denham a classified phone number . he duck the barb , smile . cole be you sorry ? a beat . she smile back at he -- a nice smile -- and go . Cole watch . int . lester apartment - night we hold on lester 's antiquated answering machine , which click on . cole 's voice hey , lester . this be , '' Mr. Howard , '' I ... I be think about you tonight and I be in you neighborhood and think maybe we could grab a quick dinner or something ... you there ? 41 . int . cab - night - moving Cole be , in fact , still in midtown , head downtown , in brutal traffic , but concerned enough about lester to tell that white lie . he be on he cell phone . cole lester , please pick up if you be there . I be get a little ... he look into the phone . this be not right . not at all . cole ( cont ’d ) ( to the driver ) yeah , directly through time square ?! there 's a good rush hour solution ! c’mon --! int . lester 's apartment -- evening empty and quiet . no sign of lester . knock -knock -knock . cole 's voice lester ? you home ? it 's Mr. Howard . it 's Cole , open up . int . hallway -- outside lester 's front door -- continuous Cole wait for a response . nothing . he run he finger atop the doorframe , then check under the mat . no key . not expect much , he try the door . to he surprise , it 's unlocked . int . lester 's apartment -- continuous Cole enter . scour a live room . no sign of lester . continue into a bedroom . and there he be , lie atop he bed , sound sleep . Cole let out a sigh of relief . cole jeez , lest , you give I a scare . ( he do not rouse ) lester ...c’ mon , wake up ... Cole go to he bedside . the man 's out . on he beside table : two empty vial of pill . Cole grab at a phone -- ext . hoboken -- night a ambulance speed to a er , Cole 's town car follow . 42 . int . emergency ward -- moment later the nurse lead Cole through . nurse -- we be really suppose to keep he under observation at least forty - eight hour but as you can see we need the bedspace . legally we can not release he on he own accord so either you 's 1ll have to sign for he or we can call whatever family he 's get -- cole -- no : nobody tell he kid -- er resident then he 's all yours . she point he to lester , on a hospital gurney , alive and conscious . Chin dabble with grey matter , remnant of the charcoal solution use to pump he stomach . Cole approach . cole hey , lester . how ya feel ? lester , ashamed , turn he head away . Cole make a decision . cole ( cont 'd ) whatyasay you come stay at my place for the holiday ? lester do not wanna put you to any more bother . cole lester . this be kind of maybe a good moment to put yourself first ...? come on ... please ... why have you do it ? lester I lose all my money . everything I save , everything I set aside . cole you 401 k be not everything , be it ? 43. lester Nah , nah ... but it be do so good I give my savings to Mr. braniff too . cole ( that bring he up short ) you savings ? all you other money ? ( lester nod ) when ? lester ' Bout a month ago . cole and he take it ? all you savings ? lester nod , feel ashamed . Cole reel , appal . cole ( cont 'd ) lester , you mind if I step out a while ? I gotta check on a few thing back at the Tower . lester do not worry , Mr. Howard . I be not gonna try anything dumb again . do not want to let you down . Cole can not believe the man 's loyalty . he swallow he bile and go . int . the tower -- lobby -- night by the elevator , dev slip a envelope into the hand of two excessively burly ukranian gentlemen . they look strangely out of place at the tower . dev ' reaux okay , so be we good ? the two man look at each other and almost laugh with disdain . dev ’reaux ( cont ’d ) I mean , in a minimal way , good -- I know we be not good good , but we be not at a punish place , either .... the man turn and walk away without a word . 44 , dev ’reaux ( cont ’d ) I will get more next week . ( as they be out of earshot ) from fuck - all know where . Charlie spy Cole march in , furious , beeline toward the elevator . charlie ( ' what the hell 's ) you forget something ? Cole just blast on by , intent . int . the tower -- elevator -- continuous Cole join fitzhugh aboard dev 's car . dev ' reaux Mr. Howard , what be you -- cole shut up , dev. take ‘er up . they start up . straight at fitzhugh , intent : cole ( cont 'd ) you be finance . what do you know about all this braniff bullshit ? fitzhugh blink , shocked by Cole 's vehemence . fitzhugh well ... when I still , ah , have a office to go to we talk about he ... I mean , the return be too good ... cole when do he know ? that it be all go sideways ? when do braniff know he ponzi scheme be cook ? fitzhugh have to be around Halloween . that 's when he start cash out he buddy . we all wonder -- cole so any money a investor give he after that , say a month ago -- 45 . fitzhugh -- he be just use it to bail water out of the titnic . that 's all Cole need to hear . he turn to dev resolutely . cole penthouse . the door open on fitzhugh 's floor . dev look to he . dev ' reaux fourteen . fitzhugh oh , no , I want to see this . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- night Susan braniff swig vodka and pencil a crossword , scratch she shitsu 's ear . Arthur braniff pump he leg ( ankle bracelet - clad ) atop a stationary bicycle , watch tv . susan braniff hon-eeee ? what do you want tonight ? Le bernadin takeout ? life in prison when you be a billionaire . then : the door to the elevator anteroom : pound - pound - pound ! Susan jolt up . braniff stop pedale and , sweat - soak , answer the door . there stand ( in order of proximity ) Cole , fitzhugh , and dev. braniff detect a air of hostility . arthur braniff C ’mon in , fella . they enter in order , fitzhugh introduce himself . fitzhugh hi , remember I --? chase fitzhugh , 14e . use to be a big fan . arthur braniff so ... what bring you guy up here ? Cole know I be not suppose to have visitor without supervision . everyone turn to Cole . who remain silent . seethe . arthur braniff ( cont ’d ) can I fix you a drink ? some of you look like you could use one . 46 . dev ' reaux yeah , I 'il take a -- cole we will not be here that long . braniff sense a torrent come on . he turn to he wife . arthur braniff Susan , why do not you leave we for a spell ? I have a feel Cole will speak he mind more freely without a lady present -- cole I do not give a fly fuck what I say in front of you wife . she lie down with a dog , she 's get fleas , too . wow . that blow everyone 's hair back a little . arthur braniff ( he good humor exhaust ) say what you be gonna say . cole you take lester 's money . arthur braniff yes I do . he come to I , ask I to invest it , I have no idea -- cole it be everything he have . fitzhugh pick up on the emotion in Cole 's voice . fitzhugh what happen to lester ? Cole study braniff 's face , monitoring it as he answer : cole he take a overdose of sleep pill this morning . dev and fitzhugh both react , gut - punch . it 's harder to tell how braniff feel : be he concern genuine ? braniff ah , jesus. 47 . cole I get one question for you . do you care ? arthur braniff what do you mean , do I care -- cole -- do you feel any responsibility , any remorse for what happen to lester -- arthur braniff -- as I be say , I have no idea we be go to lose everything , of course I feel badly -- cole -- then why haven ’t you asked I whether he’s alive or dead ? Cole 's catch he . and for a moment he detect braniff acknowledge it . that do it . Cole look around , see what he need , go to it . < a fireplace poker . he snatch it up , as a weapon . susan braniff oh my god ! I be call security ! cole I be security ! he 's off to the next room , and dev and fitzhugh bolt to catch up with he . when they do , Cole be face down -- -- the 1958 austin-healey . he step up to the plate , draw back the fireplace poker and whack ! a headlight go fly . braniff arrive , cringe at the destruction . arthur braniff ah , Jesus . cole now he care ... whack ! there go the other headlight . fitzhugh Cole , that 's a austin-healey ! they do not make that anymore . 48 . cole not like doormen . they make new one of that all the time . whack ! cole and the people who park you car ( whack ! ) and shine you shoe ?! I be sure they will have no trouble replacing ( whack ! ) they life saving ! dev 's reaux ( fuck it ) shit , lemme have a swing ! arthur braniff Susan !! call the FBI !! cole do not bother . I be do here . that 's not quite true . he take one last whack at the windshield , spiderwebbing it , then toss the fire poker aside like he 's hit a walk - off homer . in the live room , Susan braniff be on the phone . susan braniff -- yes , he 's here right now . he 's destroy the place -- Cole enter , find the phone line , rip it from the wall . cole I ' 1l send a man up in the morning to fix that . he exit . follow by fitzhugh and dev’reaux . fitzhugh folk . pleasure meeting you . dev ' reaux ( as he close the door ) merry Christmas , everybody . off Susan braniff , stunne , and Arthur braniff , piss -- dev 's reaux ( 0.s.cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) ( through the door ) now this be one hell of a building ! 49 . int . pj clark -- a hour later holiday reveler sing karaoke and get hammer at the bar . in the back , Cole , dev’reaux , fitzhugh and Charlie huddle in a booth ; the mood here be funereal . dev 's reaux how do you steal sixty billion dollar ?! I mean , nobody sit up after the first ten billion go and say , whoa ! l let 's change the lock ?! fitzhugh the bigger the lie , the more brazen you be tell it , the more people 's 1ll buy it . that 's what they teach we at wharton . ( to Cole ) you talk to lester ? he do alright ? Cole nod , lose in he thought . Charlie note he demeanor . charlie Cole ? you okay ? there be other job , you know . Cole 's not listen . Charlie , fitz and dev exchange glance , worried . then : cole how much you guy know about interior design ? charlie that 's not a career for this time ! that guy be work for food ! cole something funny about the braniff place . remember they hire that hot -shot designer ..? and he rip everything up ...? int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- year ago a major redo . hard hat tear up floor and knock down wall as a male interior designer walk the job with Cole , gesticulate at he work . 50 . cole ( v.0o . ) he go around yammer about how much he hate wall , and how everything have to be open , open , open ...? so ... they pass a wall in the middle of the live room . int . uptown SALOON - continuous cole -- why have they leave that one wall dead in the middle of the place ? Charlie stare at Cole . charlie you be fire from you job in the worst economy since the dust bowl and that 's what 's on you mind ? a wall ? Cole do not answer . his mind be go a mile a minute . he turn to fitzhugh . cole you live room have the same lay - out as braniff 's , right ? ( fitz nod ) you kid in bed yet ? fitzhugh ( this be awkward ) they be asleep . they be not in bed . int . the tower -- fitzhugh 's apartment -- night the four man tip - toe into fitzhugh 's apartment . it 's dark but everyone can see : what use to be a cozily - appoint home be now nearly empty , almost totally bereft of furniture . fitzhugh the mortgage obviously come first ... we have to downscale ... ( despite he brave face , he 's tear up over this ) I think my wife 's hide back there ... she will be embarrassed I have get people over . do not want you to see the sleep bag ... I be just gonna kiss they goodnight ... 51 . he go . Cole move to the wall match the one in braniff 's place . he start tapping along it . charlie Cole , what be you do ? cole check if this wall be load - bear . charlie I know , I mean : what be you do check if it 's load -bear ? clunk . a hollow sound . Cole tap all around it . smile . dev ' reaux what have you find ? cole Space . braniff knock down every unnecessary wall but this one . why do you think he do that ? Charlie move close enough to Cole to whisper : charlie would you tell I what 's go through you head ? cole no . int . the tower -- cole 's office -- night Cole go through old record in the middle of the night . find the file he 's look for , withdraw it . ext . grand army plaza -- christmas day the square be awash with New yorker and tourist alike , bundle up in holiday garb . Cole stand wait by pulitzer Fountain . then , across the square -- -- jillian denham arrive . in civilian clothes and all the more attractive for it , so we will now refer to she as jillian . jillian merry Christmas . cole thank you for meeting I . I hope I do not take you away from anything . 52 . jillian nothing I have want a second date with . you ? cole just a houseguest . jillian we hear . lester feel better ? ( Cole nod ) we also hear about you run - in with braniff . you know , you violate three federal law by go up there . ( beat ) because of that , a lot of people down at the bureau want to buy you a drink . cole do that include you ? she smile . int . elaine 's - night jillian and Cole be midway through a couple of martinis , which be taste very , very good about now . the paper with the layout of braniff 's penthouse be roll out in front of they . jillian you really think the 20 million be here ? cole there 's no other place it could be . they knock down every non-load - bear wall in the place except one . ( withdraw more evidence , a Tower sign - in sheet ) here -- see ? a delivery and installation to braniff 's penthouse from a '' h&j Security . '' they sell and install safe . ( tap the layout wall ) I think there 's a safe in this wall . like you say : if you have that much money , you have keep it close . she scour the layout , intrigue . then , look away . 53. jillian shit. cole no , look , I think it 's there -- jillian no -- I bet you be right . cole then why '' shit ? '' jillian ( hand the layout back ) you never show I this . cole what ? jillian I do not hear any of this . Cole study she now : be she joke ? no . jillian ( cont 'd ) Word come down yesterday . the bureau be officially hand - off as far as Arthur braniff be concerned . cole ( aghast ) what do you mean '' hand off " ? you be not go to prosecute ? jillian no , it 's too public to do nothing , but ... they 's 1ll make a deal , he ’1ll give up a few cohort and they 's 1l all do a little time . not hard time mind you , a year maybe ina club feed . cole after everything he 's do ? who in the hell would want to protect that -- jillian we think braniff have file on people , some very rich , very powerful people . we have strict order : do - not -touch . ( more ) 54 . jillian ( cont 'd ) so whether it 's in a safe in that wall or in a helium balloon over tribecca , he 's gonna walk away from all this with a twenty million dollar parachute . cole you be kid I . jillian I be funny once . ( be the drink ) want another one ? cole I , ah , I never have second . jillian moderation in all thing . probably wise . Cole play with he swizzle stick for a moment , then suddenly slap he palm down on the bar . a beat . cole and look where it 's get I ! grade -grub , student loan , trainee program , year and year , every i dot , every t cross , every form fill out , punctual , loyal , crossing on green , wait on red , inching my way up bit by bit , grovel by grovel , to some kind of white collar '' security '' that 's never secure ... because I be not one of they !! jillian yeah . the rich be very , very clubby . they look out for each other . and no one else . cole they do not know we , they do not see we , they do not think about we -- his head come up . suddenly , under he breath : cole ( cont ’d ) they have never see we come . 55 . jillian oh , no , no , no , whatever you just say , I do not hear . cole oh , but you know what I - - she cover she ear like a child : jillian La la la ! I can not hear you ! I can not hear you ! La la la la ! she shoot he a sly look , though . he laugh . cole and I think I be not go to like you for not hearing thing . she smile at he . Cole pay the check . cole ( cont 'd ) well ... it 's be eye-open . they get up off they stool , friend now . he 's still think , a mile a minute . cole ( cont 'd ) too bad I be ban from the building for life . jillian I be sure Mr. Simon feel that way . until he start think about find someone who know every inch of that building from the tiniest crack in the mortar to the steel in the beam , the name of every resident , who keep he mouth shut about where the body be bury , do not complain , move like lighten and make everyone around he look good -- one day before christmas . Cole blink . he have not think about it in exactly that light . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- monday morning Arthur braniff pour coffee from a sterling silver pot and offer it to Cole , who decline . 56 . braniff offer it instead to Mr. Simon , who receive it gladly . they sit around braniff 's dining room , a picture of civility . arthur braniff nothing for you , Cole ? Water ? Cole demur . mr . simon Mr. braniff , let I say how gracious you have be in all this . what happen over the holiday , what Mr. Howard do come up here , be wholly inexcusable . it 's a testament to you generosity , sir , that he be allow on the premise . arthur braniff it 's a try time for everyone . I do not blame anybody for lose they cool give what they have be hearing in the press . and Mr. Howard 's too valuable a asset to the building to lose over a silly flare - up . I be sure he regret what he do . braniff smile at Cole , which nearly set he off . but today Cole 's keep he cool . mr . simon Mr. Howard volunteer to come here this morning to apologize , in the hope we might put this unseemly incident behind we . Mr. Howard ? everyone face cole. braniff . Mrs. braniff , stand guardedly in a doorway . even jillian , here to monitor the visit . Cole choose he word carefully . cole Mr. braniff , I deeply regret what transpire between we last week . if I could go back , I have behave much differently . please know that my estimation of you character have not waver a bit throughout this ordeal , and that today I hold you in the same respect I always have . to Mr. Simon 's ear this sound like the proper kowtow . but braniff know : Cole be say go-fuck -yourself . 57 . arthur braniff and let I say that I know you job 's tough . I mean , resentment be bound to bubble up when you feel sometimes like a ... a glorify servant . he say this affably , but it be giant fuck you back to Cole . mr . simon as for Mr. braniff 's automobile ? Cole 's eye briefly flit to '' the Wall , '' then back to braniff . he 's make he decision . cole Sir , I will pay you back for all the damage that 's be do . and braniff know what Cole mean : I be come for you . and it kind of make he smile . hey - ho , let 's go . music kick in , transporting US to -- int . dress factory floor -- garment district -- day line and line of chinese immigrant sewing this year 's fashion for three dollar - an-hour . sweatshop , U.S.A . int . dress factory -- back office -- continous the factory manager , a diminutive chinese man , play lookout at the door . a pair of hand massage a office safe 's dial . to the right : click-click -click . to the leave : clack - clack - clack . then : click -clack-click . the hand belong to slide lindus . Cole 's childhood friend . slide open say I . the safe comply . the manager push slide aside to get inside the safe but first slide pluck up a band of cash from within . the manager protest in cantonese but ... slide ( cont 'd ) ah-ah - ah - ah . do not even think about pay I in merchandise . you be not get nothing my size . 58 . int . dress factory -- elevator -- later slide ride down surround by chinese seamstress , a good foot - and - a- half taller than the bunch . he smile at they . slide any you lady a masseuse ? ( he cell ring ; he react to the id and pick up ) Old King Cole , you merry old soul , why be you admit you know I ? ext . union square coffee shop -- day slide enter the restaurant , approach Cole in a booth near a window . cole promise you will not laugh . ext . 5 th avenue -- day from a distance away : Cole and slide bestride the sidewalk , Cole do the talk , slide the listen . then , about halfway down the block , slide stop in he track and stare at Cole . we can not hear what he say but we can imagine . Cole smile and insist : no , he 's not fuck with he . a block away and we 're high above the STREET now as Cole and slide round a corner . Cole point up and slide look . reverse : looking past cole and slide , up at the tower , specifically the penthouse . slide look upon it the way some man look upon everest , with ambition and abject terror . and thus begin a recruitment montage -- ext . mccarren park --— brooklyn -- day -- beginning with dev 's reaux , who be walk along , suddenly aware of a presence walk behind he . flick a glance backwards , he see a guy with a baseball bat . heart pound , he pick up speed , afraid to break out into a dead run , but veer off the path to the leave . the guy keep walk . then approach he 10 year old kid , tousle he hair and hand he the bat , pull out a softball . just a dad and son , play ball . dev exhales . then stiffen , sense more presence . turn to find cole and slide stand behind he . 59 . cole do not you get tired of jump out of you skin like that ? dev 's reaux what you do here ? cole how much do you owe that guy ? and do not say '' what guy , '' I know when you have be sleep , I know when you be awake . '' dev ' reaux ( sigh ) okay . I make a few ... optimistic prediction . slide -- Dumb -ass bet -- dev’reaux really do not get it . stare at Cole . dev 's reaux how come you not fire I ? int . a one dollar store -- day on the wheel of a baby stroller roll along ... push by fitzhugh , spend a afternoon compare pathetically ultra - low price on hideous can meat . Cole fall in alongside he . cole fitz . what if there be a way in this lifetime to permanently avoid spam ? fitzhugh ( defensive ) you know , there be some people who actually like spam . cole you be not one of they . ext . cole 's build -- night Cole load a misty - eye lester into a taxi . lester Mr. Howard , I do not know how to ... 60 . cole sh-sh . no need , lester . lester ( as they shake ) thank you ... Cole . lester get in ; the cab go . Cole look up . sprinkle around the block , wait , be Charlie , slide , dev’reaux and fitzhugh . Cole give the signal : coast 's clear , c’mon in . int . cole 's apartment -- night we five guy sit around a fold - out card table . Cole have just laid out , with slide 's help , '' the plan . '' the other sit stunne into silence by the audacity of it . after a spell , Charlie lean forward and speak . very , very slowly . charlie yeah . good , good think . let 's just rob the penthouse apartment of the building we work in -- with the tenant still inside -- with FBI agent stationed outside the front door , with security camera -- to steal twenty million that might be in there -- in the middle of our shift ?! there 's no mistake Charlie 's tone for enthusiasm . cole it 's a little frisky , I admit . charlie why do not I just pull out a bomb on a airplane ? same odd of get away ! cole what do you think , fitz ? fitzhugh can you come back to I ? cole you say it : if you be gonna steal , steal big . fitzhugh listen , I be beyond comfortable with white collar crime ... ( more ) 61 . fitzhugh ( cont 'd ) no matter how much you steal , if you do it with decimal point instead of a crowbar ...? worst case , you be out in two . dev ' reaux how far out you get we ass hang on this thing ? slide you job be compartmentalize . in fact , technically you would not be do anything illegal . cole ( he do not want to skirt the truth ) well -- aid and abetting . charlie ( exasperate , to Cole ) you have lose you mind . cole look . braniff 's gonna walk away clean on this thing with 20 million dollar unless we do something . the five of we . you see ? we be the cavalry . charlie oh , yeah , cavalry ! a concierge , a building manager , a elevator operator ... and this one -- this guy I do not know from Adam -- you childhood buddy who you trust because he 's be steal since you be in you playpen - -? it 's a moment of truth between Charlie and Cole . they hold each other 's stare . cole Charlie ... you know why I be do this , do not you ? charlie yeah , yeah , ' cause of lester . the man be 74 year old , you be gonna throw you life away for a -- cole Cause if we do not do this , we be all gonna be lester ! 62 . dev ' reaux ( suddenly ) I be in ! cole ... work hard for fifty year , play by the rule , then wind up with nothing ! a beat . we sense Charlie almost waver . but ... charlie I get a family . cole then take care of they . ' Cause no one else will . another beat . Cole pull out all the stop . cole ( cont 'd ) come on , Charlie . it 's the first time he 's ever call Charlie by he first name , and we see it hit , in Charlie 's eye . but then . charlie low , low blow my friend . he start to leave the room , turn at the door . charlie ( cont 'd ) any other time ? that would have mean a lot . he go . a beat . slide you want I to kill he ? cole would you stop ?! he 's not go to tell anybody . but Cole be nervous . fitzhugh speak up . fitzhugh when I be face with a decision I generally make list of pro and con ...? ( wave the paper he 's be write on ) and it seem that ... ( more ) 63 . fitzhugh ( cont 'd ) I would rather do hard time as someone 's bitch than see my family live in a car . slide turn to Cole and smile -- they have they crew ! ext . cole 's build -- roof -- day a cold day in February . there will be no training montage cause there 's nothing to train for . there 's only this : we four guy -- Cole , slide , dev and fitzhugh -- bundle up in overcoat , freezing they ass off on Cole 's freeze roof . cole ok , day of the heist , we have get to be prepare for different potentiality . ( as fitzhugh open he mouth ) no , that 's not a word . do not care . ( dev raise he hand ) yeah , dev ? dev ' reaux why be we outside ? my ball be sno-cone . fitzhugh yeah , can not we go in ? I can not think . cole exactly why we be up here . we do not know how cold that day 's go to be , could be raining , could be hail frog . we have gotta be able to think on we foot . okay so let 's say it turn out to be diamond in braniff 's safe . no problem , we put ‘em in we pocket . but what if it 's a stack of cash the size of ... Cole point to a old rotting refrigerator box on the roof . dev ' reaux we could throw it down the garbage chute , pick it up downstairs . cole okay , but how do we control the trash room ? 64 . fitzhugh ( to slide ) you be the professional , you tell we . slide look from man to man to man , amused : this be who he 's work with . then , he cross to the refrigerator box -- slide here 's what we do . -- pluck it up , tear it in two and cram it in a empty trash can . he set he Zippo to it . dev and fitz gather around to warm they hand . slide ( cont 'd ) we lucky enough to get in and outta that penthouse with he shit , gettin 's it out of the building 's the fun part ! the man stare at he . what ?! fun ? slide turn to cole. slide ( cont 'd ) ( to Cole ) when you think we do this ? Cole join the fire , he confidence shake just a tad . cole a day where people be very , very distract . bagpipe and drum transport we week ahead , to -- ext . 5 th avenue -- day -- the saint patrick 's day parade . running straight up 5th Avenue . the sidewalk teem with onlooker . it 's March 16th . the day of the heist . reveler -- beefy , irish look blowhard , be tussling in the street . Three of they pick up a fourth and stuff he in a garbage can , all of they howling with laughter . loom high above the parade -- lest we forget how very , very tall it be -- be the Tower . int . the tower -- lobby -- day lester be back on the job . he monitor the craze crowd through the front window as fitzhugh come up beside he . 65 . lester who be St. Patrick , anyway ? fitzhugh the patron Saint of cirrhosis . ( a hand on he shoulder ) good to have you back , lester . int . the tower -- cole 's office -- day - tight on Cole 's finger drum on he desk . he 's nervous . miss hollingsworth stand before he , bitching , she 100 year old mother , old mrs . hollingsworth in a wheelchair beside she , catatonic . ( we see miss H. before , bitching to Cole in the early montage . ) miss hollingsworth .-- but mother have to get she pill at exactly noon . and if you have give rosie the day off ! who 's go to -- cole rosie 's have a emergency . I have arrange a substitute . miss hollingsworth ( grudgingly accept ) hmpf . int . the tower -- fitzhugh 's apartment -- day kid scream and frolic , herde into coat by Mrs. fitzhugh . in the bedroom , fitzhugh try to steel he courage . mrs . fitzhugh ( 0.s. ) honey ! we be go ! fitzhugh step out . hug each kid deeply -- will he be behind bar next time he see they ? -- kiss he wife . fitzhugh I love you . mrs . fitzhugh ( off he intensity ) yeesh . we be go away one night , what 's up with you ? she search he face . 66 . fitzhugh nothing ! mrs . fitzhugh I have think it be another woman but you can not even take she to macdonald 's . they laugh grimly . he hug she tight . there little boy do grandma have ice cream ? fitzhugh ( mortify ) yes. because grandma have a freezer . fitzhugh watch they to the elevator and Mrs. fitzhugh blow he a kiss before she disappear . fitz catch it , scared . int . the tower -- lobby -- day Charlie organize the front desk . as far as he know , it 's just another day . until he eye Cole and dev exit the back hall together and he antennae go up . maybe it 's the conspiratorial way Cole send dev off on a errand . as Cole pass by , they trade nod : in the week since Charlie bow out , a chilly distance have grow between they . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- day Susan braniff dress in she massive walk - in closet with floor - to- ceiling shoe shelf as she husband sit atop they bed talk on he cell . arthur braniff -- no , marty , I will not , I do not care , that 's too long . go back , no , listen to I , go back and offer five month and tell ‘em I 'il give up myerson , witt and gold -- ( aside , to Susan ) -- could you ask cunningham or whoever 's on sentry today to get lunch ? I be starve -- susan braniff ( weary of she stay - at - home husband 's demand ) -- yes , I will ask cunningham or whomever 's on sentry -- 67 . arthur braniff -- and ask he to go ahead and order , will ya ? I be gonna be on with marty a while longer -- ( back on the phone ) -- whatya mean they do not care about gold , he be up to he tit in this -- we go with susan through the apartment as she pluck up she purse . she hesitates at a envelope with two theater ticket peek out , take they too . she exit into the elevator anteroom where young agent cunningham keep sentry . susan braniff ah , so it 's you today , agent -- agent cunningham ( hate this gig , hate she ) cunningham . I have only tell you a dozen time , mar ’am . susan braniff you people all blur in my mind . my husband want he lunch now . she press the elevator call - button and -- int . the tower -- elevator -- continuous -- ' ph 's light up on a panel . Washington report in he mic : WASHINGTON headed up to the penthouse . int . the tower -- back hallway -- continuous Cole hear this on he walkie / take out he cell / dial . int . miss hollingsworth 's apartment - continuous the stringy , miss hollingsworth gesture contemptuously at old mrs . hollingsworth in a wheelchair -- brooke astor incarnate . in front of the age lady be a tray with jell - of and on the tray , several pill . miss hollingsworth now , she get very agitate -- I need you to help I hold she while you give she the pill . 68 . the camera turn around . and we see that the attendant help she ... be dev ’reaux . dev ' reaux yes , yes ... they explain it all to I , mar ’am . at you service . as they approach the old lady , she moan and shrink in terror . dev can not help but notice : dev ’reaux ( cont ’d ) she really do not like ‘em , do she ? miss hollingsworth it 's total dementia . she do not know what 's best for she . dev ' reaux yes , mar ’am . as miss hollingsworth hold she mother , dev’reaux raise the pill to the woman 's lip ... ... then palm they . be that a flicker of appreciation in the old woman 's eye ? we be not sure . int . the tower -- fitzhugh 's apartment -- continuous the place be nearly empty now . a sofa , a cabinet , little else leave . fitz sit , eye close , when riinng . fitzhugh yes , Mr. Howard ? cole 's voice Mr. fitzhugh , you be up . int . the tower -- elevator -- day Washington and Mrs. braniff ride in silence . ding ! fitzhugh step aboard . smile be exchange . fitzhugh hello . sorry , we meet around Christmas . I be chase fitzhugh . susan braniff ( a unpleasant memory ) I remember . 69 . the door close . fitzhugh ( make conversation ) off to lunch ? susan braniff my friend tell I it 's unwise to be see eat out this day . they mean it 's unwise for they to be see eat out with I this day . fitzhugh feign empathy . fitzhugh how awful ! you do nothing wrong . ( spot the theater tix ) ah , you have ticket for a matinee . what show ? susan braniff this ? someone drop they off yesterday , someone I obviously do not know , because I despise Shakespeare . fitzhugh ( through clench tooth ) just a mass of cliches , be not he ? nodding in agreement , she rip the ticket in half , toss they . fitzhugh sigh . Strike one . ding ! they exit . int . the tower -- staff kitchen -- continuous Cole withdraw a cake from a hide place . set it alongside a cake knife , plastic fork , paper plate , etc .. lick frosting off he hand -- ms . dolowitz Mr. Howard , you want to see I ? cole yes , Ms. dolowitz . would you assemble the may staff in the package room please ? ms . dolowitz ( nervous ) now ? 70 . cole no job cut . do not worry . ( she move to use she mic ) Radio silence if you would . Ms. dolowitz think it odd but obey . as she go , dev arrive in the doorway . he nod : mission accomplish . int . the tower -- lobby Charlie track Mrs. B and fitz out the elevator door and across the lobby as Cole appear . cole Mr. Gibbs , Mr. svichkar , may I see you both in the package room ? charlie ( on guard , resistant ) who 'il watch the desk ? cole Mr. dev’reaux can . charlie ( fuck ) certainly . dev come around to man the front desk . svichkar head into the package room and Charlie follow he , reluctantly . ext . the tower -- front entrance -- day Susan braniff exit the Tower , follow by fitzhugh . fitzhugh thanks , lester . ( to Mrs. B ) beautiful day . you know what I love to do on day like today ? take the ferry to staten Island . out on the water , feel the breeze , drink a little chablis ... susan braniff ( a brushback ) then I think you should go do that . good afternoon , Mr. fetzer . she go . foil , fitz give she a moment , then tail she . 71 . int . the tower -- package room -- day Charlie join Washington , dolowitz , the maid and other staff here . Cole signal they to enter quietly . charlie Cole , what be you -- cole sh-sh - sh . ( then , in a stern voice ) Ms. Perez , a word with you . Perez 's have she nose in the mail until now ; she look up , surprised to find so many people in she workspace . cole ( cont ’d ) Ms. Perez , you job here be to monitor the delivery of income and outgo mail . and yet the most important letter this building may receive all year slip you attention . ( withdraw a envelope ) from the '' american bar Association ? '' she swallow hard as he hand over the letter . everyone in the room look hopeful for she . she open it , start to read ... and she eye well up . PEREZ I pass ! ( everybody cheer ) how do you know ?! I might have flunk ! cole I know exactly how much time you have to study . congrat , counselor . Cole reveal the cake from the kitchen . as Perez cut the first slice , Cole glance at Charlie , who feel foolish for be so paranoid . however -- int . the tower -- lobby -- continuous -- at the front desk , dev have seize the moment to dismantle the front desk switchboard and detach braniff 's phone line . cole ( 0.s. ) Mr. dev’reaux , piece of cake ? 72 . dev ' reaux you betcha . as dev’reaux reach for he slice he hand brushes against Cole 's , and cole palm something out of dev 's hand . one guess what . ext . 5 th avenue -- day Mrs. braniff navigate a path through the St. Patty 's Day reveler . not far behind fitzhugh keep a inconspicuous tail . she divert onto a side street and he mirror she . int . the tower -- lobby -- day a delivery guy from the neighborhood deli enter . he salute Charlie , back at he post -- delivery guy lunch for rapunzel . -- and Charlie wave he on through . just then Cole emerge with two slice of cake in hand . cole just a sec . do I a favor and take this up to Mr. and Mrs. braniff ? we be all pretty tear up that they be unjustly imprison this way and can not be part of we celebration , and they do love german chocolate cake ... ( the Delivery guy glare at he : you kid ? ) I know , '' do it yourself , '' but see , the FBI draw gun when there 's extra people up there ... here , let I take this and you take this ... and before the Delivery guy can protest , Cole 's take he delivery pouch from he and load he with two plate of cake , fork , napkin , etc . Charlie know something be up . cole ( cont 'd ) get ‘em ? great . thanks . delivery guy ( under he breath ) next time wait on the prick yourself . 73. Charlie 's antennae be up again . he turn to see : the entire Tower staff be eat cake . uh-oh . he set down he slice . ext . the tower -- front entrance -- day a squadron of mounted cop pass by , on parade . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous braniff watch the parade from he window , on the phone . arthur braniff no -- wait -- no -- thursday ? I want to be out of here monday -- I have get a villa reserve in como -- ok , ok , yeah . if you can get that , close it . let 's make the deal and be do with it . ( he hang up ; there 's a knock at the door ) yeah ? agent cunningham ( stick he head in ) lunch be here . ext . the tower -- front entrance -- day on a pair of florsheim wingtip clicking along the sidewalk . they belong to a man in a brook Brothers suit , bespectacle , carry a briefcase . he approach the Tower . lester May I help you , sir ? slide ( a mid-atlantic accent ) yes , I be here to see a apartment . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- day the Delivery guy place sandwich on braniff 's dining table . and the two slice of cake . arthur braniff ( be : the cake ) what 's this shit ? delivery guy they gamme it downstairs , some guy . braniff eye the cake , uneasy . 74 . arthur braniff ( suspicious ) not the manager ? delivery guy maybe . arthur braniff be he supercilious ? delivery guy -- expi-alidocious ! the delivery guy give he a fuck - you grin . braniff scowl , pay the guy . and pointedly give he a one cent tip . when the delivery guy and cunningham be go , braniff take he food straight to the kitchen -- -- and dump the cake in the trash . he 's not take any chance if it be send up by Cole . then : he unwrap he corn beef sandwich and take a bite . int . the tower -- cole's office -- day Cole bite into a identical corn beef sandwich . Charlie appear in he doorway . cole dijon ?! how ivory tower , dijon on corn beef ...! charlie if that be braniff 's , you sure they all obey you order about not spitting in it ? cole they always obey my ... he think . hm . he drop the sandwich in the trash . charlie stop this . now . so far the worst you have do be , what , drug the man ? cole that be a horrible accusation . he be not sayin’ a thing . charlie he can still just wake up , never know what happen . if you keep go with this ... 75 . cole what , Charlie ? you will call the cop on I ? after all the year we have work side by side ? charlie do not make I choose . we see , on he desk , picture of Charlie with a wife and kide . also child 's drawing -- father Day card . Cole see what Charlie have to lose . he nod . over both they walky : svichkar 's voice Mr. Howard , I have a Mr. bissell here to see you . Cole start out . Charlie shoot he a look -- do not ! Cole measure he , go anyway . int . chopstix nail salon -- midtown -- day Korean manicurist start in on Mrs. braniff 's hand and foot ; she lie back , towel over she eye , indulge to the max . fitzhugh monitor from across the street , check he watch . int . the tower -- lobby -- day slide , in costume , speak to svichkar at the front desk . slide -- I speak to Mr. fitzhugh himself and he assure I it be fine . svichkar we still have to follow protocol . ( Cole arrive ) Mr. Howard , this be Mr. bissell . he be hope to view the fitzhugh property but they be not at home . cole not a problem . I '’11 show you up . emerging behind Cole , Charlie take one look at slide in he pinstripe suit and can not contain himself . charlie oh , c'mon , you gotta be , you can not expect anyone will believe this ... 76 . svichkar Mr. Howard , we do not have clearance from the fitzhugh . cole that 's okay , Mr. svichkar . come , Mr. bissell , elevator be this way . Charlie spot Mr. Simon enter the lobby and recognize he chance to safely sabotage Cole 's heist . charlie ( too loudly ) be you forget that we need write consent from a owner before admit any visitor into they unit ? ( Cole keep move ) be not that right , Mr. Simon ?! mr . simon ( finally pay notice ) be there a problem , Mr. Howard ? Cole stop , shoot Charlie a look : well play . then : cole I have the situation under control , Mr. Simon . mr . simon what situation ? charlie this gentleman be here to see the fitzhugh apartment . unfortunately we have no write consent from they . mr . simon then there 's no issue . he can not go up . advantage : Charlie . Cole 's stymy . he 's rescue by -- slide perhaps I can shed some light , mister ...? mr . simon Simon , Tower property manager . 77 . slide Morris bissell , Liberty mutual . my bank handle the fitzhugh mortgage . mr . simon do not you mean '' handle ? '' he snicker at he own ( unfunny ) joke . slide draw Mr. Simon aside , for discretion 's sake . meanwhile , Mr. lindus approach / distract Charlie . lindus ... why be all this people outside ?... slide recently we be force to foreclose on the fitzhugh , sadly . we allow they a thirty - day grace period to move but technically the bank be now tenant of record so ... mr . simon sorry , you name again be ...? slide Morris bissell . he withdraw a business card , hand it to Simon . it read : '' Morris bissell , Liberty mutual . '' Simon turn to Cole : mr . simon take he on up . sorry for the confusion , Mr. bissell . now it 's Charlie who 's stymy . as Cole and slide continue to the elevator , under they breath : cole where have you get the business card ? slide some dude 's wallet I ... find . you buddy gonna be cool ? Cole shoot Charlie a look as he board the elevator and slide set a finger to he lip just as its door close . Charlie , incense , grab the phone at the front desk . he start to dial , then hesitates . svichkar who you call ? 78 . charlie I do not know . ( he slam the phone down ; Cole be right ; he can not turn they in ) shit ! music pump up as the heist kick into higher gear and -- ext . the tower -- roof -- day -- cole and slide emerge from a doorway and step out into a three - sixty view of the CITY surrounding they . dev’reaux be already here , supplies in hand . he toss each man a white jumpsuit and glove , then proceed to remove the tarp from a window - washing platform store at the roof edge . moment later , Cole and slide , wear they jumpsuit over they suit , help dev hoist the platform over the side of the building and into position . slide peer over the side : it 's a heart -stopp , vertiginous view . Cole appear beside he . slide you ever do this before ? cole I get dizzy step off the curb . ( cell buzze ; he pick up ) Mr. fitzhugh , how be we ? ext . chopstix nail salon -- midtown -- continuous fitzhugh continue to watch Susan braniff 's nail get do . fitzhugh they have finish moisturize she foot and be about to start buffing . cole do you have a plan ? fitzhugh I be ... ponder . from a newsstand he pluck up a magazine promote a article '' Inside the braniff swindle . '' ext . the tower -- roof -- continuous Cole hang up , dial a new number . meanwhile , slide test the platform cable 's strength . to dev : 79 . slide how much weight can this baby bear ? dev have only he elevator operator experience to guide he . dev ' reaux I push the button ! do I look like a structural engineer ! int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- day braniff 's cell ring on he dining table . braniff be nowhere to be see . be he asleep ? ext . the tower -- roof -- continuous Cole hang up . cole no answer . whatya think ? slide we get two hour . top . as good a final think as any . over the side they go . a wide view of the Tower , Central Park beyond it , the parade on the street below and on top we two faux window - washer climb out onto a two - foot wide , ten - foot long apparatus . dev hand slide he banker 's briefcase as he give Cole a quick tutorial . dev ' reaux this be you ‘up 's button , this be you ' down . 's this lock it in place . run into any trouble , this might be manual override I get up here . might not . slide you get my back . Nice to know . Cole lower they from view . int . chopstix nail salon -- midtown -- continuous fitzhugh enter , approach the young female proprietor at the front , careful not to be see by Mrs. braniff within . fitzhugh hi ... speak English ? ( she indicate a little ; he open he magazine ) know who this be ? ( more ) 80 . fitzhugh ( cont 'd ) ( he point out braniff ; ( she nod / scowl ) good . this be he wife . he point from a picture of Mrs. braniff to the real deal , currently be wait on by a trio of manicurist . the proprietor do not like this one bit . proprietor ( she English be better than she let on ) that bitch be in my shop ? fitz take out a pair of $ 100' . fitzhugh need you to do I a favor . ext . the tower -- roof / side -- continuous aboard the platform with cole and slide , more than anything else it 's claustrophobic up here : there 's no place to go , barely any place to step . both Cole and slide can not help look at the drop as they descend . slide be not we not suppose to look down ? cole I remember that now . -- my God !! ( be : a streak window pane ) I have be pay this window washer , and this be the service they -- this people be criminal !! slide you the criminal !! cole ( nonpluss ) no! I be ... slide you just '' frisky . '' from within the penthouse : the window - washer apparatus lower into view . still no sign of braniff inside . Cole stop they descent when they be flush with the apartment . outside : slide open up he briefcase . Inside be the very latest in fiberglass - cut technology : a suction - clamp with a extendable arm attach to a blade . 81 . slide affix it to the window and prepare to cut . he look to Cole , who dial braniff 's cell again . inside : braniff 's cell ring . unanswer . outside : Cole nod to slide : do it . slide begin to cut . inside : while it 's not exactly noisy , the bladework 's loud enough to draw attention from anyone inside the apartment . on the roof , dev watch from above . over he walkie : WASHINGTON 's voice Mr. dev’reaux , what 's you twenty ? dev 's reaux I be , um , in the building -- why ? WASHINGTON 's voice Mr. svichkar 's take he break , need you to come cover for he . dev ' reaux why , certainly . on my way . he mouth : fu-uck ! he do not move . a floor below : slide finish slice a four- foot circle out of the window . then , with a practice push , he thrust the entire piece of fiberglass into the penthouse without drop it , then lay it softly on the floor . slide now this I have do . a pro at this , slide lift one leg out of the apparatus , straddle its rail , then dip he foot inside the four- foot hole . when he foot 's flat on the floor , he pull himself over and inside the apartment , ducking he head as he go . now it 's Cole 's turn . not a pro . he try to mimic slide 's method but once he 's get a foot inside the penthouse -- -- a sharp wind pick up and bank off the edifice , push the apparatus out . just as Cole begin to flounder , slide reach out and grab he and pull he in . they have breach the penthouse . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous the two man stand absolutely still , panting , listen . time to verify if braniff 's actually asleep . 82 . first thing first , though . Cole tip -toe to the front door lead to the elevator anteroom and -- ever so slowly -- bolt it . on the other side of the door : agent cunningham , wrap up in a magazine , do not hear a thing . back in the penthouse : Cole signal slide : you check that way , I will go this way . slide , who 's never step foot inside such a decadent live space ( much less b&e have one ) take it all in . he pretend to be blase : slide North face window . you call that natural light ? for 50 million , you should get two exposure at least ! int . chopstix nail salon -- midtown -- day done with she pedicure , Mrs. braniff rise from she chair . she rudely wave off the help of that who have labor over she the past hour , then : susan braniff where be my shoe ? the manicurist look around too . no one know . the proprietor look on , hide a smile . susan braniff ( cont ’d ) Excuse I . my shoe ?! you do know that be louboutin 's !!!! where . are. my. shoe ?! ext . midtown -- continuous strol along , fitz toss Mrs. B 's shoe onto a roof . he take out he cell and dial . fitzhugh hello , New York Post ? do you have a paparazzi desk ? -- I mean , do fish swim , but -- int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- day Cole corral the shitsus into Mrs. braniff 's shoe -fill walk - in and shut the door . slide , meanwhile , conduct a search for braniff . he duck he head into a den , see nothing , start to go when snoring draw he back . 83 . braniff have fall off a couch and lie asleep on the floor , sandwich wrapper at he side . slide this the mofo ? Cole appear to confirm it be . moment later , pulling back from the wall as Cole and slide move furniture and lamp away from it . slide start tapping along its surface , strike something unforgive and follow its perimeter . then , withdraw a chisel , he prepare to drive it into the surface but -- -- Cole stop he first . concerned the noise might alert the sentry outside . he look about , find a universal remote on a coffee table and punch in a selection . the voice of Barry manilow suddenly fill the penthouse . '' , ..oh Mandy , well you come and you give without take ... '' slide scowl at he . Cole gesture : not my playlist . slide resume he work , bury the chisel into the drywall . in the anteroom : agent cunningham shake he head at braniff 's choice in music , flip the page on he magazine . '' , .. but I send you away , oh Mandy ... '' int . chopstix nail salon -- midtown -- day Mrs. braniff be apoplectic , ranting . susan braniff how . can you possibly . have lose . one of the only nine payr of Day lewise produce in Florence , Italy in the last century ?! besides the fact that they should be in the met , how be I suppose to walk home ? no one look sympathetic ... proprietor so sorry , please you take coupon for free visit ? Susan braniff , apoplectic , storm out the door , only to be meet by -- 84 . ext . chopstix nail salon -- continuous -- a wall of paparazzi , flash / click away at Public enemy # 1 's wife in bare foot . Mrs. braniff be mortify . she try to cover she face , trudging forward , tip -toe through midtown trash , barrage at every angle by blind flashbulb . it 's almost possible to feel sorry for she . then , hero to the rescue , fitzhugh step forth . fitzhugh Mrs. braniff , you alright ? susan braniff oh , it 's you ... fisticuff ... fitzhugh whatever . here , let I help . ( to the paparazzi ) please , gentleman , have some dignity . he guide she to the street , still swarm by photographer , then into the back seat of a cab . susan braniff thank you so much , mister , uh ... I keep lose it . ( to the cabbie ) the Tower , please -- fitzhugh no , no , no . they be there , too . swarm . susan braniff no ! fitzhugh do you have a relative nearby ? someone you can stay with until I can douse this prurient flame ? susan braniff a sister in greenwich . fitzhugh go there . i’1l have the building call you when it 's safe . the taxi whisk Mrs. braniff away , paparazzi click . fitzhugh watch it go , then turn to they . 85 . fitzhugh ( cont 'd ) 501 cherry Street , greenwich . go to town . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- day slide purchase a grip on the drywall he 's dig into . then , moment of truth , he yank it . Cole look , sigh with relief . a large titanium safe sit within . we guy share a smile and slide begin to inspect it . cole ( whisper ) can we get it out ? slide cement in . Hand I the case . Cole grab the case and slide remove the tool of he trade . ext . 5 th avenue -- day fitzhugh return to the Tower . he look up to the platform high above . Boy be he glad that 's not he part of the heist . int . the tower -- lobby -- moment later fitz head straight for the elevator . Mr. Simon approach . mr . simon Mr. fitzhugh ... fitzhugh Mr. Simon ? mr . simon Mr. bissell from Liberty mutual go up to you apartment a few minute ago . fitzhugh ( no idea who that be ) oh. mr . simon I be sorry to hear of you financial difficulty . if there 's anything we can do to assist you -- fitzhugh -- oh , no , no thanks -- 86 . mr . simon -- for instance , arrange a move company for the weekend ? that stop he . Mr. Simon 's give he a eviction notice . fitz have like to slap the needlehead 's face . fitzhugh thanks . the solution be definitely underway . he go . meanwhile , Charlie get a idea , pick up the phone , press ' ph . 's listen . nothing . charlie what 's wrong with the phone ? int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous '' , .. feel sad when you be sad , feel glad when you be glad ... '' as slide toil , Cole cast a glance to where braniff snooze . cole time table ? slide six hour . five minute . somewhere between the two . wanna wake he up and ask he the combination ? ( be : the music and braniff ) ‘f you keep this shit on , I fall more asleep than he . Cole find the remote , kill the manilow . he check he watch , edgy , unsure what to do with himself . he peer out the hole in the window to see the parade below when he cell phone ring . slide ( cont 'd ) do not answer ! cole I be suppose to be work ! I have answer ! ( click phone on ) hello ? and we cross CUT between : 87 . int . jillian 's apartment - night it look a lot like Cole 's . the home of a single person who 's never home , sparsely furnish . she 's even eat kung pao chicken out of a container , just like Cole do earlier . jillian hi , ah ... this be ... cole jillian ? jillian uh , yeah . good guess . cole what 's up ? it be very disconcert for he to be talk to a FBI agent while watch he buddy crack a safe . jillian this be a personal - slash - professional call . cole oh . oh . I -- that 's nice . I hope . jillian well , yes . I hope too . a awkward pause . and she 's not usually awkward . jillian ( cont 'd ) I , ah , just want to mention that there be , in we last meeting , a path you be consider go down ... and I just want to warn you that if you be to go down that path ... none of which do I suspect for a moment ... slide damn ! he 's fumble a combination . he try again . jillian what -- cole lobby commotion . go on , go on ... 88 . jillian um. right . path. okay . if you be to , um , in any way pursue some illegal recourse against Mr. braniff ... not only would I be obligate to take you in ... cole presume you be to find out . jillian which I probably would , because I have the radar of ... a witch . cole that 's a harsh way to put it . jillian it 's a phrase coin by my ex husband . cole then he be cheating on you . jillian ( smile ) still . cole get back to , if you have to take I in ... jillian right . if you be to go to prison for some ... protract period ... we would , ah ... Cole be die to know where this be go . cole we would what ? jillian ( sigh , give it up ) ..-- never , ah , have a second date . Cole beam . do he just hear what he think he hear ? that this intelligent and attractive woman be interested in he ?! slide fuck I ! this motherfucker 's Fort knox !!! 89 . Cole cringe and scuttle to the far end of the room , wave at slide to shut up . cole I would really not like anything ... to get in the way of that . jillian ( pleased ) really ? slide get the safe OPEN . Cole do not notice . cole ( firmly ) oh yeah . but , ah , that be not much of a date , be it ? jillian ( blush ) well , you pay ... cole I should have have that second drink . jillian you think ? slide be wave at Cole . Cole do not notice . cole I just ... I do not know , it 's be so long since I have really relaxed with someone ... slide throws a pillow at Cole 's head . Cole finally see the safe start to OPEN ...! cole ( cont ’d ) gotta go . work. work . it 's work -- jillian oh. sure . I hope -- click ! he 's go . she 's leave stare at the receiver , not sure what happen . back in the braniff apartment , Cole and slide be stare at the safe . they face fall . because the safe be dead empty . 90 . slide now this be a disappointment . Cole stare in disbelief . he step forward to feel inside the safe , for a trap door , anything . all he find be a CD - rom lie on its floor . slide ( cont 'd ) well , we get we some Barry . int . the tower -- penthouse anteroom -- continuous where the sentry finish one magazine , move onto the next . ding ! someone 's arrive via elevator . it 's Charlie . he 's elate / relieved to see the sentry awake . charlie hey , how ya doin 's ? agent cunningham okay , thanks . ( pointedly ) how can I help you ? Charlie look to the door to the penthouse , shut . wonder what 's go on in there ? charlie oh , I just come up to see if everything 's alright up here . agent cunningham because the Federal Bureau of investigation be inept ? charlie well , the whole Kennedy thing be kind of a debac -- a stony stare from cunningham . charlie ( cont 'd ) nonono , you guy be great ...just ... want to know if you need anything -- agent cunningham -- that several thousand takeout menus can not provide ? there be , indeed , 10 dead rainforest 's worth of takeout menus stack to the ceiling . Charlie 's not get anywhere . he keep look at the door : what to do ? gl . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous Cole and slide continue to weigh they option . cole maybe...maybe ... ( be : the disc ) .+-m maybe this be something , I do not know , something that -- slide -- have twenty million dollar hide in it ? shrunk down by some ol 's '' miniaturization '' machine ! cole we have to at least look at this . slide ( annoyed ) it 's probly some dvd of some four - way with some other old , ugly - ass couple ? cole ( tapping he forehead ) I do not need that image right now - slide Rich folk like to keep shit like that in they safe . you know , '' savor the moment , '' for later . cole ewwww , just -- would you stop ! with slide , and only slide , Cole revert to age 13 . int . the tower -- penthouse anteroom -- continuous Charlie 's still work on cunningham . charlie awful quiet in there . maybe we should check . agent cunningham the tower do advertise soundproof door . Charlie sigh . 92 . charlie right . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous Cole , meanwhile , be succumb to the reality that this be a huge folly . he 's piss at himself . cole I be sorry ! I be sorry ! I be sorry I drag you guy into this --! meanwhile , slide roam the apartment , look for thing to steal . he eye the wine refrigerator . slide well , we gotta cut some loss . they 's some pretty fine red in there -- cole no ! no no , I be not a common thief ! slide oh , hey , then , what be you ? a special thief ? cole I -- slide a '' frisky '' thief ? cole just ... let it go . slide be you or be not you a thief ?! cole I be a Robin Hood thief ! I want that 20 million to give back to my staff ! slide a thief be a motherfuckin thief ! so get you tidy whitey ass in gear , and take a good look around this place for something we can cash in for we valuable time --! 93. slide stop cold . Cole follow he gaze . looking through the 1958 austin -healey' windshield as we guy move into view , slide take it in like he 's discover lose treasure . which he might just be . slide ( cont 'd ) why 's he keep this up here ? cole why do you think ? a classic '' tiny penis '' move . slide ( surveying ) Nah . this be not a male enhancement vehicle . this be a showtune - sing little pussy car , if you ask m - - he stop , strike by something . cole what . what . slide pull up you flashlight app . moment later , at floor level : the austin- healey 's body lift up and slide wiggle underneath it . on he back , light beam - blaze cell phone between he tooth . he look up and down the chassis , then draw up a pen knife and scratch at its metal . he blink as black flake fall into he eye . meanwhile , Cole grip the rear bumper , strain to keep the two-seater lift for slide . cole what . what . the only response be laughter , then : slide Robin . you man gonna be merry . ext . the tower -- roof -- moment later fitz have join dev and they sit here , nothing to do but wait , when they hear the platform motor rev up . they rise to see Cole and slide ascend into view , empty-hand . cole Change of plan . 94 . moment later : all four man stand in silence . it 's a lot like they training scene on Cole 's roof , except they be not freezing and dumbfounded -- they be just dumbfounded . finally , in disbelief : dev ' reaux what kinda dude melt gold down ... into a chassis of a car ? cole someone who 's number 's up . they all think . dev 's reaux can we just break it up , take the part that be gold ? slide no time . Whole chassis 's make of gold . braniff will wake up soon . fitzhugh or shoeless Jane 'il be back . a beat . dev 's reaux so that 's just it ? we all just tiptoe outta here and pretend none of this happen ? cole ( a idea ) no . they all look at he . int . the tower - construction site on 66 -- moment later a door burst open and dev and fitz sprint into the hancock 's apartment - under-renovation , desert . as they hustle past tool , plank , and other debris -- fitzhugh ..- this be crazy , this be crazy , this be crazy ... dev ' reaux ..-- I know , I know , I know ... arrive at the giant tarp cover the window , they rip they down revealing a gaping hole to the outside . 95 . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous a matching gaping hole exist now here , four flight up . a full panel of window have now be cut away ; the hole be large enough to , well , drive a car through . the window - wash platform have be pull inside and rest in the live room , cable still attach . tire roll noiselessly across the hardwood floor . slide push the austin-healey as Cole steer , lean in through the driver 's window . they stop a few foot short of the windowless panel . unhook the cable from the window - wash platform , they each lie down and attach they to the car 's undercarriage . in the back , braniff snore away , dead to the world . Cole and slide rise to test the cable : secure . cole ( into he walkie ) Mr. dev’reaux ? int . the tower -- construction site on 66 -- continuous dev and fitz frantically build a ramp of cinderblock and plank and other material . dev’reaux answer the call : dev ' reaux yes , Mr. Howard . cole 's voice I need you back in position . dev tear off , leave fitz on he own , call after he : fitzhugh wait , wait , wait : I have to do this part alone ?! int . the tower -- lobby -- continuous svichkar have overhear this , bewilder . he turn to Charlie , who sense the urgency in Cole 's voice . svichkar '' back in position ? '' he be snpose to relieve I ten minute ago . 96 . ext . / int . the tower -- penthouse / roof / construction site Cole and slide look out the windowless panel , at the sidewalk full of people far below . cole here 's where it get tricky . slide oh , ' cause it be so easy before ! dev 's reaux 's voice ( breathless ) Mr. Howard , I be in position . Cole grab hold of a beam and lean out the window to look up . above he , dev lean over the edge . Cole signal he : take it up . up above : dev hit the ‘up 's button on the manual override , mutter to himself in fear . dev ' reaux my job 's '' compartmentalize . '' right . well , I be exceed my job description ! and I have earned my motherfuck bonus ! in the penthouse : the cable grow taut and the austin-healey start to roll toward the open window . as the back bumper clear the window , the cable lift the rear tire off the floor and Cole and slide gently push the car 's front out the window and -- -- it 's aloft , dangle upside down a thousand foot in the air , twist in the breeze . above it : dev stop retract the cable and , with a signal from Cole , begin to lower the car . below it : fitzhugh , alone in the construction site , watch the automobile descend toward he . fitzhugh ah shit , it 's come to I . ext . 5 th avenue -- continuous more ruddy face , parade drum , bagpipe . High above , the austin-healey look like a white beetle creep along the glass seventy floor up . a few reveler notice , too drunk or too immure by New York 's every day audacity to be alarmed . 97 . ext . / int . the tower -- lobby / front entrance -- continuous Charlie 's attend to a resident when a passerby shout at the lobby and point upward . passerby hope you gotta permit for that ! Charlie 's spine stiffen : this can not be good . he excuse himself , round the desk and hurry outside . lester Mr. Gibbs , what would he mean ? they both push out onto the sidewalk till they come into view of the austin-healey high above , inching closer to the hancock 's floor . Charlie rush inside -- charlie .-- ah - no , ah-no-no-no ... -- leave lester to peer up on he own , jaw -drop . ext. / int . the tower -- penthouse / roof / construction site Cole and slide monitor the car 's descent . fitzhugh signal they : stop , and Cole signal dev above : stop . above : dev stop the cable . below : fitzhugh 's too cautious to just reach out and grab the Austin 's grill . first , he find some rope and tie it around a cement mixer , then cling to it with one hand reach out with the other -- -- and lean half out the windowless panel he try once , twice , three time to grasp it . Cole watch , concerned . fitzhugh give a little slack to he safety rope and lean out again . at last he manage to grasp the grille -- fitzhugh get it !! -- just as another sharp gust of wind bank off the Tower and push the Austin away from its face , drag with it -- -- fitzhugh , who lose he grip on the rope and end up with only a grip on the car , result in -- 98 . -- he dangle a thousand foot in the air cling to the front of a vintage automobile make partly of gold as the Saint Patrick 's Day parade continue below he . crazier thing have happen in New York . Cole and slide watch helplessly . there 's no way out of the apartment . dev watch , too , in horror . into he mic : dev 's reaux should I bring he up ?! Cole signal below : no ! for fear it will jostle he . fitzhugh keep one hand clasped to the grill and try to reach for the rope dangle out of the windowless panel with the other . he 's inch from it . still he can not reach it . he lose hope for a moment , then recommit himself , strain to grasp the rope -- -- when a hand lunge out and grab he by the arm and yank he into safety . it 's Charlie . who glare at he , mad but relieved . charlie I must be out of my mind . fitz , on the floor , can not believe he 's alive . Cole and slide peer down , mystify . slide where would he go ? then Charlie appear in the frame below , glower up at Cole . Cole can not help but gratefully smile back . then , Charlie do something surprising -- -- he wave for the car to be lower even more . Cole obey the order , gesture to dev above to continue lowering . when Charlie signal to stop , Cole repeat it . Inside , fitzhugh gasp for air . fitzhugh thanks . I do not think you have -- charlie Sir , you live in the Tower . it 's a full service building . and we be pull this baby in . 99 . moment later , from above : Charlie and fitz both reach out and grab the austin-healey , a two - man job if there ever be one . Cole signal dev to lower it and -- -- the ex-banker and concierge guide the car onto the makeshift ramp until it 's safely roll inside . the cable go slack and Charlie signal for they to stop . with fitzhugh 's help , he disconnect the cable . in the penthouse : slide signal dev to raise the cable as Cole move the window - washer platform in position . on the roof : dev hit ' up’ but nothing happen . he try again . Zilch . he shout down : dev ' reaux it will not come up ! in the penthouse : slide look to Cole : you hear that ? Cole peer up at dev : dev the motor 's cook ! Cole and slide realize : they be not take the platform outta here . a moment of reckoning . Arthur braniff start moan and stir . waking up . slide how do you see it ? cole we leave by the door , we go to prison . slide or --? moment later , they step out onto the edge of the penthouse 's windowless panel , cable wrap around they waist , and -- -- begin rappelling down the side of the building , glove hand over glove hand . Cole look down , see Charlie and fitzhugh wait below , and the sidewalk sixty - six storey beneath they . jee-zus . on sixty - six : dev arrive beside Charlie and fitzhugh . they all watch Cole and slide descend . 100 . ext . 5 th avenue -- continuous more and more people be start to pay attention to the stunt high , high above they . among they : some cop . they start move toward the Tower . ext . / int . the tower -- front entrance -- continuous lester continue peer up . it 's begin to dawn on he just who might be risk life and limb up there . and possibly even why . he spy the cop round the corner , head he way , and he wander back inside -- -- lock the front door behind he . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous braniff 's eye open . he squint around the room : how the hell do I get on the floor ? he moan , then struggle to sit up . and feel something odd : a breeze . braniff Susan ? he stagger to he foot . move into the next room . and discover a absence . at first , he doubletake . can not believe it . but as he slowly realize , yes , it 's true -- his austin- healey be miss !! he begin to hyperventilate . then , sob like a girl . outside : Cole and slide continue they shimmy down . slide arrive first and fitzhugh grab he and pull he in . in the penthouse : braniff rush into he live room . see the window - wash platform . then the miss panel of glass in he window . the cable come from the roof . go to they . from below : he peer down from he window . and see -- -- one man scale down one of the cable and another man pull he into safety . braniff ( cont 'd ) hey ! Cole and Charlie both look up . and lock eye with braniff . it 's hey - ho , let 's go all over again . 101 . int . the tower -- construction site on 66 -- continuous Cole detach he cable . cole braniff see we ! slide shit ! charlie he see we both . dev ' reaux what do we do ? eye be on Cole . who look to Charlie . who nod : he 's in . cole what would houdini do ?! he have make this damn thing disappear ! int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous braniff make a beeline for a phone . he pick it up , call downstairs . nothing . fuck . he move directly for he front door and thrust he foot across the threshold . a red light flash on he ankle bracelet . beep -beep-beep ! braniff they s-stole my car ! int . FBI office -- midtown -- day agent denham 's in a budget meeting which have nearly put she to sleep when a junior agent barge in . junior agent Arthur braniff just set off he -- jillian 's out of she seat before he finish . ext . the tower -- front entrance -- day a cabal of policemen be pound on the door and yell . Inside , lester appear , play up he old age ; he put a hand to ear -- whatyawant ? -- then start fumble in he pocket , stalling for time : where do I put that key now ...? 102 . int . the tower -- elevator / construction site -- day Elevator door open and dev get in . he hit a button , then ' Close Doors 's urgently . he count to two - thousand in he head , then pull the emergency break . back on 66 , Cole , slide , Charlie and fitzhugh push the Austin over the rubble of the construction site to the elevator . slide grab a crowbar and pries its door open . in the shaft , the roof of dev 's elevator have stop two foot beneath they floor level . cole sideway . the four man tip the automobile on its side . int . the tower -- front entrance -- day lester finally get the door open . the cop rush in . lester slow down , slow down : gosh , what 's all this fuss about ? int . the tower -- elevator / construction site on 66 -- day the man have the Austin on its side -- cole one-two - three , go . -- then push it into the elevator shaft so that its grille dip down atop the elevator car below . like the flag-raiser on iwo jima , they arc the austin- healey up and into the shaft entirely . everyone 's a little stunne it fit . fitzhugh what now ? cole ( to slide and fitz ) you and you , with I on top . ( to Charlie ) take the freight to the basement . look for a place to hide this . charlie and then ? cole I have get the ride down to figure that out . 103 . slide and fitz step onto the elevator roof . meanwhile , Cole give a last instruction to Charlie , unheard . Charlie take off and Cole join they inside the shaft . they all take hold of the car , to keep it steady . Cole smile at dev’reaux . cole ( cont ’d ) how be you like the job so far ? ( then , downward ) Mr. dev’reaux , basement please . in the elevator car : dev hit the button and they descend . int . the tower -- lobby -- day nypd cop have enter to inquire about ' just - what - the -fuck 's be go on upstairs . svichkar be try to understand what they be complain about when -- -- jillian march in , lead a phalanx of other FBI Agents . she go straight to the elevator and Mr. Washington . jillian where 's the elevator to the penthouse ? ( Washington indicate its floor on a panel ) get it here . int . the tower -- elevator / elevator shaft -- day dev see ' lobby 's illuminate on he panel . he shout up : dev ' reaux guy ! someone 's call for the elevator from the lobby ! Cole , slide and fitz watch shaft wall zip up around they . slide can not he override it ? cole not from the lobby ! something catch fitzhugh 's eye . the portion of the chassis slide scrape clean . it shine beautifully . fitzhugh Holy God , it be make of gold . int . the tower -- lobby / elevator / elevator shaft -- continuous jillian wait impatiently . the elevator arrive at last and its door open to reveal dev , try to look nonchalant . 104 . dev ' reaux miss denham . hello . ( she step aboard with a quartet of agent ) floor , please . jillian cut the shit . he hit ' ph . 's above they , Cole , slide and fitzhugh trade worried look as the elevator start to ascend again . int . the tower -- basement -- day Charlie exit the freight elevator and nearly bulldoze custodian on he way to the resident elevator . charlie sorry . pardon . he spy the floor number increase on dev 's elevator . charlie ( cont 'd ) shit . int . the tower -- elevator / elevator shaft -- day dev try to make small talk . dev ' reaux so , you go up to see Mr. braniff ? she ignore he . that 's okay . dev 's accomplish what he intend . because -- -- above , Cole have hear who 's inside / where they be go . beside he , slide stare straight up and whisper : slide think there 'il be enough room ? it 's a good question . he , Cole and fitz can always duck . that 's not true of the austin-healey between they . they all prepare to crouch as the elevator slow . it 's go to be tight . they brace for impact , and -- -- the rear bumper of the healey crunch up against the ceiling just as the elevator stop -- 105 . -- cause , inside the elevator , its roof to flex downward . it go unnotice by anyone but dev , who inch into a corner of the elevator in case the healey come crash through . dev ' reaux ( as door open ) penthouse ! int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- continuous jillian exit the elevator and come quickly into contact with Arthur braniff and agent cunningham . jillian Mr. braniff . be you aware -- arthur braniff my phone 's dead -- I want you here ! look ! Howard and Gibbs break in here and steal my car ! I see they ! looklooklook !!! jillian wrinkle a eyebrow : do she hear that right ? braniff thrust a finger toward the void in he apartment formerly fill by a automobile . she take it in . jillian no question : you car be go . arthur braniff you see ?! you see ?! jillian you car must be very important to you ... arthur braniff oh , for God 's sake , there be only 56 leave in the world --! jillian ..- because you just forfeit ten million dollar . this land with a thud . arthur braniff no ! I do not ! I be not escape ! I want someone up here --! it be slowly dawn on he that he have make a mistake . she give he a stony stare . he brazen it out . 106 . arthur braniff ( cont ’d ) now look , I have have about enough of this shit ! more stony stare . uh oh . int . the tower -- elevator / elevator shaft -- continuous as its door close , dev let out a sigh of relief . dev ' reaux back to the basement ? above , Cole think in silence . fitz and slide trade a look . cole no. braniff ' 1ll tell she it be we , she will have agent scour the whole place . fitzhugh then where do we take this thing ? int . the tower -- 14 th floor -- later a quiet hallway . then : elevator door be pried open and a two -seater sportscar be lower onto it carpete . slide , fitzhugh and Cole push the car clear from the elevator shaft . cole you guy get it ? they nod . he tear away to the emergency stairwell . at he front door , fitzhugh fumble for he key , find the right one at last and insert it -- under slide 's wither stare . just as he get it open -- old mrs . hollingsworth , his neighbor , the one we previously see in a wheelchair emerge from she apartment door . they be catch red-hand . fitzhugh uhhh .... she look at they . she seem entirely different . her eye be clear , she 's spry , and she 's walk -- we realize this be the first time we have see she undrugge . dev ' reaux hello , ma ’am ! 107 . there 's nothing good to say , so he babbles ridiculously : dev ’reaux ( cont ’d ) it 's nice to see you up and about . old mrs . hollingsworth I be extremely unhappy with this ! dev ' reaux we ... do not have much of a excuse , mar ’am . the old lady barely glance at the guy , the car , the guilt and fear on they face . old mrs . hollingsworth well , how in the world be you to know that my daughter be deliberately keep I insensible ! ( shaking she head ) what money do to people ...! the man stand there , hold a steal car . dev ' reaux we could not agree more , mar ’am . she finally seem to focus on they -- a bit . old mrs . hollingsworth ( beat , with total hauteur ) but I must say , this be very shoddy . you gentleman should be use the service elevator . she get into the next elevator , mutter to herself . be mega-rich and still a bit addle , she be too self - preoccupy to give a damn what this common man be do . old mrs . hollingsworth ( cont ’d ) .-- plummete standard of service ... go to make a complaint ... the door close behind she . they all look at each other : what the hell just happen . but no time to ponder . fitz and slide push the Austin the rest of the way into int . the tower -- fitzhugh 's apartment -- continuous -- shutting the door behind they and collapse against it . they look at each other and smile . Holy shit , they do it . 108 . int . the tower -- braniff penthouse -- day Agents fan out as braniff backpedal a mile a minute to jillian . arthur braniff oh , now , look , I have already cut the deal , there 's nothing to talk about ! you take I in , you 's 1ll get call out on the carpet ! agent farley enter from another room , approach jillian . agent farley you have gotta see this ... jillian follow he . so do braniff . they come into view of the large hole in the wall slide make and the empty safe within it . braniff have not spot this before and he blanch . meanwhile , jillian realize : this be the safe Cole be tell she about . she try not to smile . jillian Mr. braniff , there seem to be a hide safe in you apartment . during we inventory of you possession you neglect to mention this . arthur braniff I , uh , I ... jillian you have now violate two condition of you bail . I be sorry to say that Le bernadin will not be deliver to you next address . I hereby remand you to federal custody . agent farley step up and cuff braniff , who realize protest will get he nowhere . farley and cunningham lead he out . jillian consider the empty safe again , then go to the absent window and look out at the line of cable twist downward . she can not quite believe Cole do this . jillian ( cont 'd ) ( to a junior agent ) do a sweep of the entire building . especially that floor with all the construction . 109 . int . the tower -- package room -- day Charlie enter , see cop in the lobby , not sure if he 's be hunt , off - the-hook or what . he pass by Ms. Perez . PEREZ where the hell you be ? you miss all the excitement ? Charlie pull Perez aside . charlie miss Perez , can I trust you with something ? int . the tower -- lobby -- continuous svichkar 's on duty at the desk , Washington 's stand in as lobby attendant , and lester 's shooing away lookieloo out front . Charlie tap svichkar 's shoulder . charlie go on you break . I get it . Charlie try to resume he work and not look guilty as hell as cop and FBI agent scurry back and forth . he feel a presence creep up behind he . charlie ( cont 'd ) we be both screw , you know that . it 's Cole , out of he window - washer 's jumpsuit and back in he manager 's thread at last . cole I know . it 's be a pleasure , though . -- well , not most of it . from the elevator , braniff be lead out . as he pass through the lobby , he stare dagger at Cole . but he say nothing . next : braniff pass lester on the way out . l lester 's hand find they way into he pocket . lester you can open the door yourself , Mr. braniff . exit Arthur braniff . cole at least he 's go away for good . 110 . charlie not from we . we will get the cell next door . Cole wince . cole you do that thing I ask ? Charlie nod . now , from the elevator , come jillian . Cole put on a hopeful smile for she but it fade as she approach . because she look deadly serious . ext . the tower -- front entrance -- moment later in slow -mo : a drum -and -bagpipe version of '' minstrel boy '' plays as charlie and cole be LED out , coat over there clasped hand to disguise the handcuff on there wrist . there 's more dignity than shame in this perp walk , like soldier be LED to a enemy firing squad . from inside the lobby , dev watch as jillian open a rear sedan door and guide charlie and cole inside . in a window on the 14 th floor , fitz and slide watch as the FBI sedan pull away . fade out . a voice this be FBI Regional director mazin interrogate suspect Cole Howard and Charles Gibbs in the robbery of the penthouse apartment of Arthur braniff . March seventeenth , three - thirty - four a.m .. fade in on : int . interrogation room -- FBI build -- night director mazin and jillian sit across from Cole and Charlie . director mazin Mr. Howard , Mr. Gibbs , as you be aware , Arthur braniff identify both of you as perpetrator in the theft of he antique , sorry what be it -- 111 . jillian -- 1958 austin- healy -- director mazin -- thank you , the theft of he antique 1958 austin- healey yesterday from he seventieth floor penthouse apartment in the Tower building . ( he shake he head , not quite believe it ) guy , I guess the principal question I want to ask you be : why the hell do you do this ? Cole and Charlie share a look : you wanna tell he ? cole as I do not do it , I can not answer . I guess , though , I can speculate . I can tell you why I would do it if give the opportunity , which of course I have not have . he let this wash over the room for a moment , then continue . cole ( cont 'd ) I personally would not want to witness the face of my staff when they open they envelope and find zero where they life savings use to be . I know that I would do my damndest to change the look on they face when that envelope be open , to one of relief and joy . I can honestly say that I would do just about anything on this earth to bring that about ... if I have the ingenuity ... they be hang on he word . cole ( cont 'd ) .-- which , unfortunately , be a glorify servant , I really do not . he smile benignly -- the ultimate passive / aggressive coup . admit nothing , admit everything . director mazin that be tantamount to a admission , sir , and do not think -- 112 . junior agent they lawyer be here . director mazin ( to Cole and Charlie ) you guy call somebody ? ( Cole and Charlie shake they head ) send he in . Ms. Perez enter , still in she Tower uniform , a legal valise in hand . she carry herself like a experience lawyer . ms . PEREZ good morning . my name be Elizabeth Perez , I will be represent this gentleman . director mazin ( eyeing she uniform ) Ms. Perez , be you license to practice law in New York State ? ms . PEREZ as of noon yesterday , yessir , I be . director mazin have a seat then . you know the charge be bring against you client ? ms . PEREZ I do . and I be go to ask that they be immediately drop . director mazin on what grounds ? she open she valise and withdraw the cd- rom from braniff 's safe ( which Charlie give she earlier ) . director mazin ( cont ’d ) what be that ? jillian have a pretty good idea ; she will not meet Cole 's eye . but she 's smile . ext . FBI build -- night Cole and Charlie bid Ms. Perez adieu . 113. cole not twenty - four hour a lawyer and you be already blackmail the fed . PEREZ ( grin ) shark be bear swim . charlie what just happen in there ? cole that be braniff 's file on the disc . ( as Perez nod ) you look at ‘em ? ( she nod ) make a copy ? ( she shrug : maybe ) good girl . you may take the rest of the day off . ms. PEREZ thank you , gentleman . she mean for they action yesterday . she shake both they hand and go . Cole and Charlie consider each other , gulf between they long go . they start walk . jillian , in a window above , watch they go . ext . midtown manhattan -- daybreak as we first see it . City waking up . worker hustling to get to they a.m. shift . among they now be Cole and Charlie , crossing town together in yesterday 's clothes , two old friend walk in silence . they round a corner and head toward -- ext . the tower -- daybreak still and beautiful and idle at this hour . Cole and Charlie have shift to start , too . int . the tower -- lobby -- continuous Cole and Charlie enter . lester say nothing -- he drop all professionalism and hug they . as they cross the lobby they be aware of a slow build of applause from the porter , janitor , Mr svichkar -- everyone . 114 . they pass the elevator . dev ' reaux good morning , Mr. Howard . good morning , Mr. Gibbs . Cole grab he by the neck and hug he . Charlie tussle he hair . Cole turn back to he staff , move beyond word . he look around at the applaud lobby , try to think of something to say ... he never get the chance . mr. simon loom before they , furious . mr . simon you two . now . he lead they backstage . off they reaction : uh-oh ... int . the tower -- fitzhugh 's apartment -- day professional mover carry he furniture and box out the front door . the austin- healey be noticeably absent ; instead there be a pile of box mark '' live room , '' '' Kitchen , '' '' kid ' room . '' fitzhugh guy , there be my irreplaceable pre-columbian crock pot in that box so take extra care , okay ? two mover scream in pain lift a ultra-heavy couch . mover Jesus ! this thing 's a hernia and a half ! what 's it make of , lead ? fitzhugh know the answer but will not share it . stepping out of he bathroom be slide , wiping grease from he hand , have be up all - night dismantle the Austin . he watch it be carry out in box and furniture . slide look like you get it from here . see you at trump tower ? fitzhugh we will split thing up there . off a mover 's odd look , in explanation -- fitzhugh ( cont 'd ) we be lover . 115 . int . the tower -- cole 's office -- day Mr. Simon close its door behind Cole and Charlie . mr . simon ( he take they in ) I do not know who you know or what you use to get out of this but I want you to know : I know what you do yesterday . you two be through here . and do not think the resident board do not know what you do ! cole really ? they all know ? mr . simon you of all people know how clubby this people be ! cole I do . and , because they be so ... ( cross he finger ) '' , .. clubby , '' I be sure most of they , if not all of they , be heavily invest with Mr. braniff . and might be just a bit piss at he ...? Mr. Simon 's face fall . ext . the tower -- staff entrance -- a day later Mr. Simon be show the exit , he possession pack into a box . various staff wave '' so long '' as Mr. Simon stagger away : what the fuck just happen ? Mr. Simon stare at they flabbergasted . int . jillian '’s office - night it 's she usual evening . the couch , some work scattered around , the tv on . there be a knock . she frown . she 's not expect anyone . a card be sly under the door . she pick it up , read it . then open the door . it 's cole. 116 . she turn and walk back into the room , continue to look at the card . jillian '' , .. property manager .. ? '' Mr. Simon 's job . cole and Charlie get mine . jillian it 's '' Charlie '' all the time now ? ( as Cole nod ) well , that 's something . she take a good look at he . for the first time since we have meet he , he 's wear the casual , but sneakily stylish , clothes of a truly liberated man . jillian ( cont 'd ) I have think a lot about you . she sit at she table . so do he . they face each other . cole how so ? jillian I just have not be able to get over what you do . I be serious -- it really affect I -- cole I be not a criminal , jillian . ( sigh ) it take everything I have to bend my brain around the idea that , even if steal 's wrong , some time , some place , there 's gonna be that one sonofabitch who just have it come . ( sigh ) okay . I know . I do not blame you . I be a thief . -- yeah . I know . I just wish -- in a fluid move , she reach under the counter and brandish -- the wine bottle : ' 61 chateau latour ! -- which she plop , with a flourish , onto the table . it 's braniff 's bottle . no question . Cole 's jaw drop -- she have steal it ! 117 . jillian drink ? they eye meet . she smile . he smile , relieved , impressed ... and titillate . she grin at he ... get out the glass ... anda corkscrew and as he lean back in he chair , a happy , happy man ... and we fade out «+.. ( but of course , be a heist movie , we have tag ! ) over end credit : a montage of the tower staff open they pay envelope . as each of they read the figure inside , they eye go wide . some scream , some faint , some cry , and some do a spazzy happy dance . dev’reaux immediately have to hand he check to the burly ukranian guy who wag they finger at he -- do not fuck with we again . they go . screen goe black