'' toy story '' original Story by John lasseter Pete docter Andrew stanton Joe ranft screenplay by joss whedon Andrew stanton Joel Cohen and alec sokolow final draft November 1995 '' toy story '' fade in : int . andy 's bedroom a row of move box lie on the floor of the room . they be draw up in crayon to look like a miniature western town . the bedroom be line with cloud wallpaper give the impression of sky . one of the box have a child 's illustrate '' wanted '' poster of a Mr. potato head tape to it . a mr. potato head doll be set in front of the poster . the voice over of andy , a 6 - year- old boy , can be hear act out all the voice of the scene . andy ( as potato head ) alright everyone , this be a stick - up ! do not anybody move ! now empty that safe ! a group of toy have be crowded together in front of the '' bank '' box . Andy 's hand lower a ceramic piggy bank in front of Mr. potato head and shake out a pile of coin to the floor . Mr. potato head kiss the coin . andy ( as potato head ) ooh ! money . money . money. ( kissing noise ) a porcelain figurine of the shepherdess , bo peep , be bring into the scene . andy ( as bo peep ) step it ! stop it , you mean old potato ! andy ( as potato head ) quiet bo peep , or you sheep get run over ! the companion porcelain sheep be place in the center of a hot wheel track loop . andy ( as sheep ) heeeeelp ! baaaaa ! heeeelp we ! andy ( as bo peep ) oh , no ! not my sheep ! somebody do something ! woody , a pull -string rag doll cowboy , enter into the scene opposite the inanimate spud . Andy 's hand pull on the ring in the center of Woody 's back . woody ( voice BOX ) reach for the sky . andy ( as potato head ) oh , no ! sheriff Woody !! andy ( as woody ) I be here to stop you , one - eyed Bart . Andy 's hand pull out one of Mr. potato head 's eye . andy ( as potato head ) dooooch ! how would you know it be I ! andy ( as woody ) be you gonna come quietly ? 's andy ( as potato head ) you can not touch I sheriff ! I bring my attack dog with a build - in force field ! Andy place a toy dog , with a slinky for a mid-section , in front of Mr. potato head and stretch he out . andy ( as woody ) well I bring my dinosaur , who eat force field dog !! Andy reveal a plastic tyrannosaurus rex , who stomp on the slinky Dog . andy ( as dinosaur ) aaaar ! roar-roar-roar ! andy ( as slinky dog ) yipe ! yipe - yipe -yipe ! andy ( as woody ) you be goin 's to jail , Bart . Andy pick up Mr. potato head and place he in a baby erib in the room . a cardboard sign be tape to the bar with the word '' jail '' write in crayon . andy ( as woody ) say good - bye to the wife and tatertot . Andy 's l-year~old sister , molly , crawl over and pick up Mr. potato head . she suck on he for a beat then proceed to pound the toy repeatedly against the rail of she crib , force some of he part loose . Andy , wear a cowboy hat himself , pick up Woody off the floor . andy ( pull Woody 's string ) you save the day again , Woody . woody ( voice BOX ) you be my favorite deputy . begin title song '' you've got a friend in I '' play while Andy do various activity with Woody : -- Andy turn the western town box around to reveal cow draw on the other side . he grab a jump rope and pretend Woody be lassoing the cattle . andy c'mon , let 's wrangle up the cattle . ~- Andy then ride Woody around on a rc ( remote control ) car , and herd the remain '' cow '' box under Molly 's crib . int . stairwell -- Andy place Woody on the top of the stairwell banister allow the doll to slide downstairs . Andy race ahead and catch he at the bottom . int . downstair live room -- Andy & Woody fall into the la-z - Boy chair and spin around and around . next , Andy use the la-z - boy foot rest as a catapult . Andy fling Woody across the room to the sofa . andy ( raise he arm ) score ! song end Woody lie limp on the sofa while Andy be hear talk to he mother . andy ( 0.s. ) wow ! cool ! mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) whadda ya think ? andy ( 0.s. ) oh , this look great , Mom ! angle : the adjoining dine room mrs . davis , Andy 's thirty eight - year- old mom , have just finish decorate the area with streamer and balloon . a banner be drape across the archway . it read : '' happy birthday Andy '' . Woody 's freeze face stare in the direction of the birthday decoration . andy can we leave this up ' till we move ? mrs . davis well , sure , we can leave it up . andy yeah ! mrs . davis now go get Molly . you friend be go to be here any minute . andy okay . Andy pick up Woody from the couch and run upstairs . andy it 's partytime , Woody ! int . andy 's bedroom - continuous Andy and Woody enter the room . Molly be still bang potato head against she crib railing . Andy tip Woody 's hat at she . andy howdy , Little Lady ! he deposit Woody on the bed and pull he string one last time . woody ( voice BOX ) somebody 's poison the waterhole . andy ( pick up Molly ) c'mon , Molly . oh , you be get heavy ! ( to Woody ) see ya later , Woody . Andy exit . end title Woody 's eye come to life . the cowboy doll sit up , he expression change from a smile to worry . woody ( to himself ) pull my string ! the birthday party 's today ?! Woody think . woody ( to the room ) okay , everybody . Coast be clear . the bedroom come alive . toy emerge from the toy box , the closet , the shelf , etc ... in a flurry of activity . potato head , he body part strewn across the floor , sit himself upright and begin to re-assemble himself . potato head Ages three and up . it 's on my box . Ages three and up ! I be not suppose to be babysit princess drool . hamm , the piggy bank , flip one last penny into he coin slot . potato head walk up to he . all he facial piece be in the wrong slot . potato head hey , hamm ! look ! I be Picasso ! hamm I do not get it . hamm walk away . potato head you unculture swine ! ( to someone q.s. ) } what be you look at , ya hockey puck ?! potato head walk past , revealing a hockey puck figurine . Woody sit on the edge of the bed observe all the activity . he turn to a plastic green army man , sargent , stand on the night stand . wooody uh , hey sarge , have you see slinky ? sargent ( salute ) six ! no Sir ! woody okay , thank you . at ease . Woody hop off the bed . woody hey , slinky ? slinky ( 0.s. ) right here , Woody ! a toy slinky dog , slinky , appear from under the bed push out a checker board set . he begin to place the checker on the board . slinky I be red this time . woody no , slink -- slinky oh ... well alright , you can be red if you want . woody not now , slink . I have get some bad news . slinky bad news ?! woody sh-h-h-h-h !! Woody cover up slinky 's mouth , aware that the other toy in the room be watch . he lean in close to slinky . woody ( whisper ) just gather everyone up for a staff meeting and be happy !! slinky get it . slinky shuffles off . woody be happy ! slinky perk up he gait and laugh hard . Woody proceed in the other direction . he pass a toy robot and snake partially hide under the bedspread . woody ( to the room ) staff meeting , everybody . ( aside ) snake , robot --~ podium duty . robot and snake come out from under the bed and reluctantly follow Woody . Woody walk past a etch -a-sketch , etch , go the other direction . woody hey etch '! draw ! both etch and Woody whip around like gunfighter . - 7 - before Woody can fully extend he arm out , the etch -a - sketch etch a gun on its screen . woody ( pretend to be shot ) oh !! you get I again , etch 's ! you nve be work on that draw . fastest knob in the west . slinky pass a group of toy on the floor . slinky get a staff meeting , you guy , come on , let 's go ! robot and snake begin construct a podium make out of lego and a tinker toy tub while Woody search the floor . woody now where be that -- ? aw , hey , who move my doodle pad way over here ? Woody spot the doodle pad on the floor by the desk and walk over to it . as he reach down to pick it up ... rex , the plastic dinosaur , jump out to scare Woody . rex rooaaaarr ! ! ! woody ( unaffected ) oh , how ya doin 's , rex ? rex suddenly turn timid . rex be you scared ? tell I honestly . woody I be close to be scared that time . Woody head back to the podium . rex follow . rex I be go for fearsome here , but I just do not feel it . JI think I be just come off as annoying . a crook suddenly grab Woody 's neck and jerk he towards bo peep , the porcelain figurine . woody ( choke ) aach ! -- oh , hi , bo. bo peep I want to thank you , Woody , for save my flock . woody ( blush ) oh , hey - it be nothing . bo peep whadda ya say I get someone else to watch the sheep tonight ? woody ( very flustered ) heh , heh ... oh yeah , uh , I ... bo saunter back towards she lamp stand , pass a stack of ABC . block . bo peep remember , I be just a couple of block away . Woody be leave lovestruck . all the rest of the toy in the room be filing past slinky . slinky come on , come on ! smaller toy up front . Woody remain lovestruck in the middle of the room . slinky hey , Woody ! C ’mon ! Woody snap out of he trance and rush over to the podium . the toy crowd together as Woody step up to the podium . mike , a toy tape recorder , waddle up next to Woody and indicate he microphone . mike ahem ! woody ( grab microphone ) oh , thanks , mike. {to the crowd ) okay -- sfx : feedback woody {to Mike ) oh , whoa , step back -- Mike waddle back a step to stop the feedback . woody hello ? check ? better ? great . everybody hear I ? up on the shelf can you hear I ? great ! okay , first item today ...oh , yeah . have everyone pick a move buddy ? the toy all moan . hamm move buddy ?! you can not be serious ! rex well I do not know we be suppose to have one already . mr . potato head ( wave he arm out its socket ) do we have to hold hand ? the toy laugh and snicker . woody oh , yeah , you guy think this be a big joke . we have only get one week leave before the move . I do not want any toy leave behind . a move buddy -- if you do not have one , get one ! ( check the pad ) alright , next ...uh...oh , yes . Tuesday night 's '' plastic corrosion awareness " meeting be , I think , a big success and we want to thank Mr. spell for put that on for we . thank you , Mr. spell . - 10 - the word '' you be welcome '' scroll across Mr. spell display screen as he speak . mr . spell you be welcome . woody ok , uh ...oh yes . one minor note here ... ( under he breath ) Andy 's birthday party 's be move to today . ( full voice ) next we have -- the toy all panic . rex what ?! whadda ya mean , the party 's today ?! his birthday 's not ' till next week ! ! hamm what 's go on down there ? 's be Mom lose she marble ?! woody well , obviously she want to have the party before the move . I '' not worried . you should not be worried . mr . potato head of course Woody be not worried ! he 's be Andy 's favorite since kindergarten ! slinky hey , hey ! come on , potato head ! if Woody say it 's all right , then , well , darnit , it 's good enough for I . Woody have never steer we wrong before . while slinky speak , potato head take off he mouth and mime kissing he own butt . woody c’mon , guy ! every Christmas and birthday we go through this . rex but what if Andy get another dinosaur ? a mean one ? I just do not think I can take that kind of rejection . woody hey , listen , no one 's get replace . this be Andy we be talk about . Woody step down from the podium and walk towards the crowd . woody ( continue ) it do not matter how much we nre play with . what matter be that we be here for Andy when he need we . that 's what we be make for . right ? everyone be now look down , sheepish . hamm pardon I . I hate to breakup the staff meeting , but , they 're here ! birthday guest at three o'clock ! woody stay calm , everyone !! foo late . the toy panic and stampede over Woody towards the bedroom window , leave he alone on the floor . woody uh , meeting adjourned . the toy all crowd around the bedroom window , try to get a peek outside . hamm oh , boy . will ya take a look at all that present ?! mr . potato head I can not see a thing ! unable to see over the crowd , potato head pull he eye out of he head and hold they up over the other toy . angle : toy 's Pov of andy 's front yard - 12 - child file towards the front door carry present . hamm yessir , we be next month 's garage sale fodder for sure . rex ( panicked ) any dinosaur - shape one ? hamm ah , for cry out loud , they be all in box , you idiot ! the present keep come . rex they be get bigger . slinky wait ! there 's a nice little one over there ! at first , . the kid 's present appear to , be a little box , but then the kid turn -- the present be four foot long . the toy scream . mr . spell spell the word '' trashcan . '' rex we be doom ! down on the floor , Woody smack he hand to he forehead in surrender . woody alright ! alright ! the toy turn inside and look down at Woody . woody ( continue ) if I send out the troops , will you all calm down ? rex yes ! yes ! we promise ! woody okay , save you battery ! ~ 13 - hamm eh , very good , Woody . that 's use the old noodle . Woody jump up onto Andy 's bed and turn to the sargent on the nightstand . woody sargent . establish a recon post downstairs . code red . you know what to do . sargent yes sir ! the green army man hop down to the floor where a '' bucket 0 ' soldier '' 's its . sargent alright man , you hear he . code Red ! repeat : we be at code Red ! recon plan Charlie . execute ! let 's move move move ! ! the GREEN army men file out of the bucket and march in formation across the bedroom floor . int . upstair hallway Andy 's door creak open and a lone army man venture forth to make sure the coast be clear . satisfied , he motion for the other to proceed . squad of soldier march into the hall carry a baby monitor and a jump rope . the army man each leapfrog behind the stairway banister and hold they position while the sargent survey the scene below through he binocular . angle : sargent 's binocular view of downstair directly below , Mrs. Davis pass through the hallway round up Andy and all he birthday guest . mrs . davis okay , c’mon kid ! everyone in the live room . it 's almost time for the present . once Mrs. Davis and the child be out of sight , the sargent motion to he man with a silent hand signal . - 14 - two paratrooper jump out through the railing , parachute down to the floor below . int , downstair hallway - continuous the paratrooper sweep the area with they plastic rifle , then give the '' all clear '' sign . the jump rope be lower , and more soldier rappel down . int . andy 's bedroom the toy race towards the nightstand where Woody have place the receive half of the baby monitor . woody and this -- ( turn on the baby monitor ) -- be how we find out what be in that present . int . downstair hallway the green army man march in formation across the floor when suddenly ... sfx : footstep can be hear approach from behind the connect kitchen door . immediately the sargent signal for he man to freeze in they various classic action pose . mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) okay , who 's hungry ? here come the chip . I have get cool ranch and barbeque -- the door open and Mrs. Davis 's foot come down hard on top of a soldier . mrs . davis owww ! what in the world -- ? oh , I think I tell he to pick this up . with a sweep of she foot , she brushes the army man out of she path and continue on to the live room . int . andy'' bedroom - 15 - rex should not they be there by now ? what 's take they so long ?! woody hey , this guy be professional . they be they best . c'mon , they be not lie down on the job . int . downstair hallway as soon as Mom be go , the sargent motion for he man to proceed toward a nearby houseplant that look into the live room . - the sargent then notice a injure soldier struggle to drag himself forward -- a casualty of Mrs. Davis 's foot . the sargent help the injure soldier to he foot . wounded soldier ( moan ) go on without I . just go ! sargent a good soldier never leave 'a man behind . the sargent motion to the remain man above . they lower themselves via jump rope , riding the baby monitor . once downstairs , they hustle the baby monitor towards the houseplant . suddenly ... a ball bounce into the hallway , follow by the sound of footstep and kid clamor . the sargent , support he wounded man , reach the plant , right on the heel of the squad with the baby monitor . they conceal themselves in the house plant just before the child run by . int . downstair - house plant — continuous while the baby monitor be set in place , a medic evaluate the wounded soldier and give the '' thumb 's up '' signal . the sargent scan the party with he binocular . angle : binocular view of birthday present - 16 - the pile of brightly wrap gift sit atop the live room coffee table . sargent ( 0.s. ) there they be . int , andy'' room the toy perk up as static suddenly emit from the baby monitor . sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) come in , mother Bird , this be Alpha bravo . woody this be it ! this be it ! quiet , quiet , quiet ! sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) come in , mother Bird . alright . .. Andy 's open the first present now . mr . potato head ( chant ) Mrs. potato head ... Mrs. potato head ... Mrs. potato head ... ( off rex 's look ) hey , I can dream , can not I ? sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) the bow 's come off ... he 's rip the wrapping paper ... it 's a ... it 's ... it 's a lunchbox ! we have get a lunchbox , here ! woody a lunchbox ?! mr . potato head a lunchbox ...?! slinky for lunch . heh heh heh ... S sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) ok , second present ... it appear to be ... okay , it 's bed sheet . mr. potato head who invite that kid ?! int . live room angle : binocular view of present match dissolve to : angle : binocular view of a singular present mrs . davis oh , only one leave . int . andy 's bedroom sargent ( o.s. ; over monitor ) okay , we be on the last present now ... woody last present ! sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) it 's a big one ... it 's a ... it 's a boardgame ! repeat ! battleship -- battleship , the boardgame ! the toy cheer with relief . hamm yeah , alright !! hamm give potato head a congratulatory pat on the back , send he facial feature fly . mr . potato head hey , watch it ! hamm sorry there , old spudhead . int . downstair - house plant sargent ( to army man ) Mission accomplish . well do , man . pack it up , we be go home . int . andy 's bedroom - 18 - woody so do I tell ya ? huh ? nothing to worry about . slinky I know you be right all along , Woody . never doubted you for a second . int . downstair - house plant the platoon be prepare to exit the plant when ... mrs. davis ( 0.s. } wait a minute . oooh , what do we have here ?! the sargent lift he binocular back to he eye . angle : binocular view of live room Mrs. Davis can be see open the closet and pull out another large present . sargent ( indicate the baby monitor ) wait -- turn that thing back on ! int . andy 's bedroom - continuous sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) come in , mother Bird , come in , mother Bird . all the toy tense up . sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) ( continue ) Mom have pull a surprise present from the closet . Andy 's open it ... int . downstair - house plant - continuous sargent he 's really excited about this one . it 's a huge package . oh -- get out -- one of the kid be in the way , I can not see ... int . andy'' room - continuous - 19 - sargent ( 0.s. ; from monitor ) it 's ... it 's a -- the sound of child cheering emit from the monitor , cut off the sargent . rex it 's a what ?! what be it ?!!! rex grab a leg of the nightstand and shake it , make the monitor drop to the floor . the impact cause the battery to roll out . rex oh , no ! mr . potato head oh , ya big lizard ! now we will never know what it be ! hamm ( sarcastic ) Way to go , rex . everyone rush to the fall monitor . potato head try to correctly insert the battery . woody no , no ! turn ‘em around , turn ' ’em around ! hamm eh , he 's puttin’ ‘em in backwards . ( shove potato head aside ) you be puttin’ ‘em in backwards ! woody plus be positive , minus be negative ! oh , let I ! Woody jump down off the bed and shove both hamm and potato head aside . int . live room andy let 's go to my room , guy ! the kid rush past the houseplant . - 20 - sargent ( into the monitor ) red alert ! red alert ! andy be coming upstair ! int . andy'' room - continuous Woody put the last battery back in . woody there . sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) juvenile intrusion ! repeat ! resume you position now ! woody Andy 's come , everybody ! back to you place . hurry ! the toy panic and scatter about the room . mr. potato head where 's my ear ? who 's see my ear ? do you see my ear ? . rex : outta my way ! here I come , here I come -- frantic , rex slam into a trashcan and fall over . everyone scurries to they place as the kid 's footstep grow louder . Woody fall limp in he spot on the bed just as ... Andy 's bedroom door fly open and a flood of child 's foot rush in . friend # 1 hey , look ! his laser light up . andy take that , Zurg ! Woody be flung off Andy 's pillow and slide , unnotice , down the gap between the bed and the back wall . friend # 2 Quick ! make a space ! this be where the spaceship land . - 21 - andy -- and you press he back and he do a karate - chop action ! mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) come on down , guy . it 's time for game ! we nve get prize ! andy oh , yeah ! the kid all run out as fast as they enter , slamming the door behind they . ° beat the toy slowly come to life and make they way toward the bed . mr . potato head what be it ? bo peep can you see it ? slinky what the heck be up there ? rex Woody ? who 's up there with you ? Woody crawl out from under the bed . the toy be shocked to discover he there . slinky Woody , what be you do under the bed ? woody ( compose himself ) uh-h -h-h ... nothing ! uh , nothing . I be sure Andy be just a little excited , that 's all . too much cake and ice cream , I suppose . it 's just a mistake . mr . potato head well , that mistake be sit in you spot , Woody . - 22 - rex ( gasp ! ) have you be replace ? woody hey ! what do I tell you earlier ? no one be get replace . the toy give each other a look of doubt . woody now let 's all be polite , and give whatever it be up there a nice , big '' Andy 's room '' welcome . Woody climb slowly up the side of the bed , peek over the edge . his eye widen at the sight of ... buzz lightyear we see buzz as Woody do - a expensive look space age action figure , cover with button and sticker from head to toe . the impose '' g.i. joe-size '' doll stand heroically in the center of the bed , he back to Woody . Woody gulp . buzz come alive and look around . angle : buz Pov through he helmet while he scan the bedroom a '' darth vader '' like breathing be hear . buzz eye it all suspiciously and push a button on chest . sfx : electronic beep buzz buzz lightyear to Star Command . come in , Star Command . nothing . he push the button again . buzz Star Command - come in . do you read I ? {to himself ) why do not they answer ?!! just then , buzz catch sight of he rip package . the box be design to look like a spaceship . - 23 - buzz ( continue ) ( gasp ) my ship !! he run up to the box and investigate the damage . buzz blast ! this ' 1l take week to repair ! buzz flip open a plastic compartment on he arm -- he wrist communicator . buzz buzz lightyear Mission log. stardate 4072 : my ship have run off course en route to sector 12 . I have crash land on a strange planet . the impact must have awoken I from hyper-sileep . buzz spring up and down on the squishy surface of the bed . buzz {into communicator ) ° terrain seem a bit unstable ... he tap the sticker of control on he wrist communicator . buzz ( into communicator ) no read - out yet if the air be breathable ... and there seem to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere ~- angle : buzhn Pov through he helmet Woody 's face suddenly pop into view . woody hello-o-o ... buzz ho - yaaahh ! ! ! buzz jump back , take a fight stance . he press a button on he arm that turn on a red '' laser beam " light on he wrist . buzz aim the red beam on Woody 's forehead and hold it there . - 24 - wooody aaaaaaah ! whoa , hey , whoa , do I frighten you ? do not mean to . sorry . howdy ! my name be Woody and this be Andy 's room . that 's all I want to say , and also , there have be a bit of a mix -up . this be my spot , see , the bed here -- while Woody be speak , buzz notice the sheriff 's badge on Woody 's vest . buzz ( de-activate he laser beam ) local law enforcement ! it 's about time you get here . I be buzz lightyear , Space Ranger , Universe Protection unit . my ship have crash land here by mistake . buzz begin walk around the bed , surveying the situation . Woody try to keep up . woody . yes , it be a mistake , because , you see , the bed , here , be my spot . buzz I need to repair my turbo booster . do you people still use fossil fuel , or have you discover erystalic fusion ? woody well , let 's see , we have get double a 's ~-- buzz watch yourself ! ! buzz shove Woody down on the bed and re-activate he wrist laser . buzz ( continue ) halt ! who go there ?! the other toy be peek over the edge of the bed . rex do not shoot ! it 's okay ! Friends ! - 25 - buzz ( to Woody ) do you know this life form ? woody yes . they be Andy 's toy . buzz alright , everyone . you be clear to come up . buzz walk over to the toy . buzz I be buzz lightyear . I come in peace . rex step forward and eagerly shake buzz 's hand . rex oh , I be so glad you be not a dinosaur ! buzz why , thank you ... ( pull away ) now thank you all for you kind welcome . rex say ! what 's that button do ? buzz I 'il show you . buzz press a button on he chest . buzz ( sample voice ) buzz lightyear to the rescue ! the toy all gasp in awe . slinky hey , Woody 's get something like that . his be a pullstring , only it potato head only it sound like a car run over it . ~ 26 - hamm oh yeah , but not like this one . this be a quality sound system . probably all copper wiring , huh ? so , uh , where be you from ? Singapore ? Hong Kong ? buzz well ... no , actually I be station up in the gamma quadrant of sector 4 . as a member of the elite Universe Protection unit of the Space Ranger Corps , I protect the galaxy from the threat of invasion from the evil Emperor Zurg , swear enemy of the galactic Alliance . as buzz speak , Woody glance down at the box in which buzz arrive . angle : back of buzz 's BOX there be a cartoon draw of buzz give the exact , word - for-word spiel that buzz be now give . potato head oh , really ? I be from playskool . rex and I be from mattel . well , I be not really from mattel , I be actually from a smaller company that be purchase in a leverage buy-out . well , I do not really understand the financial , but ... Woody walk over to bo peep . woody you have think they have never see a new toy before . bo peep well sure , look at he . he 's get more gadget on he then a swiss army knife . slinky press the button on buzz 's arm , activate he laser light . buzz quickly pull he arm away . - 27 - buzz ah , ah , ah , please be careful ! you do not want to be in the way when my laser go off . mr . potato head hey , a laser ! how come you do not have a laser , Woody ? woody it 's not a laser ! it 's a little lightbulb that blink ! hamm what 's with he ? mr . potato head laser-envy . wooody all right , that 's enough . look , we be all very impressed with Andy 's new toy -- buzz toy ? woody t-o-y . toy . buzz Excuse I , I think the word you be search for be Space Ranger . woody the word I be search for I can not say because there 's pre-school toy present . potato head gettin 's kind of tense , be not you ? rex oh , uh , Mr. lightyear ? now I be curious . what do a Space Ranger actually do ? woody he 's not a Space Ranger ! he do not fight evil or shoot laser or fly -- buzz Excuse I . -~ 28 - buzz calmly hit a button and wing pop out . again the toy gasp in awe . hamm oh , impressive wingspan . very good ! woody oh , what ?!... what ?! this be plastic . he can not fly ! buzz they be a terillium - carbonic alloy and I can fly . woody no , you can not . buzz yes , I can . woody you can not ! buzz can ! woody can not ! can not ! can not ! buzz I tell you , I could fly around this room with my eye close ! woody okay then , Mr. lightbeer ! prove it . buzz all right , then , I will . ( to toy ) stand back everyone ! the crowd of toy make room for buzz as he head towards the edge of the bed and climb up the bedpost . he pose like a high diver , shut he eye ... buzz to infinity and beyond !! and leap off the bed . - 29 - buzz plummet straight down , hit a big rubber ball and bounce right back up . he then land on a hotwheel car , which race he down the track , through the loop , and off a ramp . buzz soar upward into a plane mobile hang from the ceiling . buzz become wedge between the plane 's wheel . the impact turn on the plane' motor make it ( and buzz ) spin around and around . all the other toy watch from the bed , mesmerize . finally the centrifugal force cause buzz to separate from the plane , sailing he across the room toward the bed . buzz make a perfect landing right in front of Woody and then open he eye . buzz can . the crowd of toy rush buzz , cheering and clapping with adoration . rex whoa ! oh , wow ! you fly magnificently ! bo peep I find my move buddy ! buzz why , thank you . thank you all . thank you . woody that be not fly ! that be fall with style ! potato head man , the doll must really go for you ! ( aside ) can you teach I that ? Woody stand alone at the other end of the bed , fume . slinky , catch up in the euphoria , approach Woody . slinky heh , heh , heh ! golly bob howdy -- - 30 - woody oh , shut up ! in a couple of day , everything will be just the way it be . they will see ... they will see . I be still Andy 's favorite toy . montage song : strange thing play over montage . int . andy 's room - later a ) Andy play with Woody : jump up and down on the bed , run around the room . B ) Andy set Woody down on the floor . next he '' land '' buzz lightyear on the floor opposite Woody . Andy shoot buzz 's laser at Woody and then smack Woody across the room as if he have be blow away by the laser . cc ) Andy run into he closet wear he cowboy hat and cowboy pajamas . match CUT to : Andy run out of the closet clad in buzz lightyear pajamas and a homemade spaceman 's helmet . andy buzz lightyear to the rescue . D ) Woody observe all the cowboy - theme item in the bedroom transform to space motif : the poster , the drawing on the wall , the pillow , the bedspread . E ) buzz watch rex execute a wimpy roar . the space ranger suggest a few tip for the dinosaur . rex try again , this time give a '' jurassic park '' roar . the roar blast potato head 's feature right off he face . F ) Woody pass etch -a-sketch , who 's sport a portrait of buzz . Woody look across the room to see buzz comb troll doll 's hair , chat away like a hair dresser . Woody angrily shake etch , remove buzz 's image . G ) Rocky , snake , troll doll and rex be lift tinkertoys as weight . buzz work out on top of a upside down robot , use he foot as a treadmill . - 31 - potato head attempt to lift he tinkertoy barbell but end up tumble backwards , leave he arm connect to the barbell . h} Woody look under the bed for slinky , find only the checkerboard . Woody peek around the corner of the bed to see slinky and robot , under buzz 's direction , set buzz 's '' ship '' up on top of ABC block for repair . in frustration , Woody kick the checkerboard , send the piece fly . one of the checker ricochet off the dresser and boomerangs into Woody 's mouth . I ) on Andy 's bed , buzz pet slinky whose back end be stretch over to the other side where Woody sit . slinky 's wag tail whacks Woody in the face repeatedly . Woody shove slinky 's rear end off the bed , leave he front end no choice but to eventually follow . J ) at bedtime , Andy load he toy into the toybox until just Woody and buzz be leave . he deliberate as to which toy to keep and which to toss into the toybox . int . andy 's room - later that night Andy be sound asleep , with buzz tuck under the cover next to he . Woody peek out at they from the toybox and then sadly sink back into the box , close the lid to ... black end montage / song end the black screen split horizontally to become ... int , andy 's bedroom - morning - woody 's Pov of the bedroom from the toy BOX all be clear -- no sign of Andy . Woody throw open the lid of the toy box . woody finally ! he take a couple deep breaths of fresh air , then discover that he hat be miss . -32 - woody ( look back into the toy box ) hey ! who 's get my hat ? the rubber shark pop up wear Woody 's cowboy hat . shark look , I be Woody . howdy , howdy , howdy ! woody ( sarcastic ) ah-hah ! ah-hah -hah ! ograb the hat ) give I that ! Woody leap out of the toy box . buzz ( 0.s. ) say there , lizard and stretchy Dog . let I show you something . it look as though I have be accept into you culture . Woody look up to see buzz chat with rex and slinky . buzz ( continue ) you Chief , Andy , inscribe he name on I . buzz jut he foot out so that slinky and rex can see the sole of he boot . the name '' andy '' be write on it in permanent marker . slinky & rex wow ! rex with permanent ink , too ! buzz well , I must get back to repair my ship . buzz walk away . Woody look at he foot -- '' Andy '' be write on it also but in a much more childish scrawl , and be largely fade . - 33 - bo peep ( 0.s. ) do not let it get to you , Woody . hear bo , Woody put he foot back down and quickly straighten up . woody ( nonchalant ) uh , let what ? I do not -- uh , what do you mean ? who ? bo peep I know Andy 's excited about buzz , but you know , he will always have a special place for you . mr . potato head ( walk past ) yeah . like the attic . heh , heh ... woody alright ! that 's it ! Woody angrily march across the room .. across the room , buzz 's cardboard ship be still up on the ABC block . buzz lie down on a skateboard and slide under the ship like a mechanic . snake and robot . stand by wait for instruction . buzz 's hand reach out from under the ship . buzz unidirectional bond strip . robot turn towards snake who stand in readiness by a tape dispenser . robot Mr. lightyear want more tape ! snake rip off a piece of tape with he mouth . Woody approach the skateboard , grab hold of buzz 's foot and roll he out from under the ship . woody listen , lightsnack , you stay away from Andy . he ' 's mine , and no one be take he away from I . - 34 - buzz what be you talk about ? ( to robot ) where 's that bond strip ?! buzz roll himself back under . Woody roll he out again . woody and another thing . stop with this spaceman thing . it 's get on my nerve . buzz be you say you want to lodge a complaint with Star Command ? woody oh okay , so you want to do it the hard way , huh ? buzz stand up , face to face with Woody . buzz do not even think about it , cowboy ! woody oh , yeah , tough guy ?! Woody push buzz in the chest , accidentally activate a button that make the spaceman 's helmet open . buzz grab he neck , gasping for AIR . he drop to he knee and begin to writhe on the ground , hold he breath . Woody be unsure how to react . suddenly , buzz sniff the air . buzz the air be not toxic . buzz rise and point a accuse finger at Woody . buzz how dare you open a spaceman 's helmet on a unchart planet ! my eyeball could have be suck from they socket ! buzz close he helmet . woody you actually think you be the '' buzz lightyear ? '' oh , all this time I think it be a act ! ( to the room ) hey , guy ! look ! it 's the real buzz lightyear ! buzz you be mock I , be not you ? woody oh , no , no , no ... ( point behind buzz ) buzz , look ! a alien ! buzz where ? buzz fall for the trick and turn around . Woody keel over with laughter . sfx : dog barking Woody stop short . all the toy look to the bedroom window . sid ( 0.s. ) yessss ! ah , ha , ha , ha ... woody uh-oh . slinky hide under the bed . slinky it 's sid ! rex I think he be at summer camp ! hamm they must have kick he out early this year . the toy rush over to the window . rex oh , no ! not sid ! - 36 - sid ( 0.s. ) ... incoming ! from out the window , sid phillip , a hyperactive ten - year - old , and he dog , SCUD , can be roughly make out jump around in they backyard . a tiny figure stand isolate in the center of the yard . sid pummel the figure with rock while scud strain at he leash , bark wildly . mr . potato head who be it this time ? woody ioca not tell . hey , where 's lenny ? lenny ( 0.s. ) right here , Woody . Woody turn to see , lenny , a pair of wind - up binocular , approach he from the other end of the desk . Woody pick lenny up and look through he to survey the scene . rex oh , no . I can not bear to watch one of this again ! angle : binocular view of sid ‘s backyard a full size toy soldier be pose in a run stance in the center of the backyard . a huge m - 80 be strapped to the doll 's back with mask tape . woody oh , no ... it 's a combat Carl . sid ( 0.s . ) ( play under the next 5 line ) just stay where you be , corporal ! do not move , Carl . you will blow up . I know you be tired ! I know you leg be cramping , but you can not move . do you hear I ? buzz break through the crowd . buzz what 's go on ? ~37 - woody nothing that concern you spacemen . just we toy . buzz I would better take a look anyway . buzz grab lenny from Woody and look through he . buzz why be that soldier strapped to a explosive device ? woody ( redirecting buzz 's view ) that 's why . sid. angle : binocular view of the dog , SCUD buzz sure be a hairy fellah . woody no ! no , that 's scud , you idiot ! again , Woody readjust buzz 's view . angle : binocular view of sid he be sport a skull t-shirt and laughing hideously . woody that be sid ! buzz you mean that happy child ? mr . potato head that be not no happy child . rex he torture toy -- just for fun . buzz well , then we have get to do something ! buzz step up onto the window ledge . the toy gasp in SHOCK . - 38 - bo peep what be you do ?!! get down from there ! buzz I be go to go teach that boy a lesson . woody yeah , sure . you go ahead . melt he with you scary laser . Woody press buzz 's laser button . it emit a wimpy electronic beep . buzz quickly pull he arm away . buzz be careful with that , it 's extremely dangerous . while Woody and buzz banter , lenny witness sid lighting the fuse of the m80 . lenny he 's lighting it ! he 's lighting it ! sid ( 0.s. ) no - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 !!! ca~-a-a-a-a-arl ! lenny hit the dirt ! the toy jump away from the window . sfx : explosion dirt clod and toy shrapnel rain down along the side of Andy 's house . sid ( 0.s. ) yes ! he 's go ! he 's history ! Andy 's toy peek over the window sill . angle : sid nos yard a large black scorch mark be all that remain where combat Carl once stand . sid jump up and down victoriously while scud resume he barking . buzz I could have stop he . - 39 - woody buzz , I would love to see you try . ( gesture to sid 's yard ) ' course I would love to see you as a crater . sid cackle and dance around the crater . bo peep the sooner we move the better . dissolve to : ext . andyn front yard - sunset a '' for sale '' real estate sign stand in the front yard . another sign read '' sold '' hang from the bottom . int . upstair hall / andy 's room Mom open the door to Andy 's room and step in . the room be full of pack box , most of they half full . Andy be play with Woody and buzz . andy to infinity and beyond ! mrs . davis oh , all this pack make I hungry . what would you say to dinner at , uh , oh , pizza Planet ? andy pizza Planet ?! 0h , cool ! Andy throw the two toy on he desk with buzz landing right on top of Woody . mrs . davis go wash you hand and I nil get Molly ready . the minute the door be close Woody come alive and shove buzz off of he . andy { 0.s. ) can I bring some toy ? mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) you can bring one toy ... - 40 ~ andy ( 0.s. ) } just one ? Woody perk up with concern . woody ( to himself ) one toy ? he glance over he shoulder at buzz , who be walk away towards the opposite end of the desk . Woody pick up a Magic 8 Ball leave beside he on the - desk . with he back to buzz , Woody quietly shake the 8 ball . woody ( whisper ) will . Andy pick I ? he tip the 8 ball over . the triangular oracle float up to the surface . its prediction read : don ’t count on it . woody do not count on it ?!! doh-h-h-h ! Woody throw down the 8 ball in disgust . it roll across the desk and fall behind it with a loud thud . Woody suddenly become interested in the back of the desk and peer down it . angle : back of the desk the 8 ball be wedge way down near the bottom . the space be a black chasm , dark and deep , just big enough to fit ... a toy . Woody look across the desk at buzz he be humming to himself as he forage through Andy 's pen / pencil tray look for '' tool '' to repair he ship with . right behind buzz sit the rc car it rest on the desktop , point in the direction where the 8 ball fall , with the remote lay by its side . - 41 - Woody smile for a beat and then run ina panic over to buzz . woody buzz !! oh , buzz , buzz lightyear !! buzz lightyear , thank goodness ! we have get trouble ! buzz trouble ?! ( look around ) where ?! woody ( point to the back of the desk ) down there . just down there . a helpless toy ... it 's .... it 's trap , buzz ! buzz then we nve no time to lose !! buzz run over and look down the back of the desk . buzz I do not see anything ! Woody pick up the remote for the rc car and switch it on . rc 's eye ( headlight ) open sleepily . woody oh , he 's there . just , just keep look . Woody hit the '' forward '' button on the remote and steer the rc car straight for buzz . buzz what kind of a toy -- ? buzz turn to see rc head straight for he . he dive out of the way as the rc car smashes into the base of ... a bulletin board the impact force pushpin to fly out of the board . buzz duck as pin land all around he , stick into the desk like arrow . potato head sit on the floor in the midst of a card game with hamm . - 42 ~ he look up at the desk and gasp as the bulletin board slam down onto ... a globe knock it out of its stand . the globe start roll right at buzz . Woody stand freeze in disbelief at the chaos he 's create . buzz run along the desk , the globe roll right behind he , Indiana Jones style . buzz get stick '' log roll '' on a pile of pencil , but at the last second jump out of the way onto the window ledge . the globe lumber past buzz and strike a luxo-style desklamp . the arm of the lamp swing all the way around , barely miss Woody ... -- and knock buzz out the window . toy buzz !I !!! woody buzz !!! Woody look out the window . no sign of buzz . all the other toy rush over to the sill . slinky I do not see he in the driveway ! I think he bounce into sid 's yard . Woody back away from the commotion , unnotice . rex ( gasp ) buzz ! rc car ( electric motor sound ) whirrr !! whirrrr - whirrrr !!! rex look over at rc . the remote control car be bounce up and down excitedly . rex hey everyone ! rc 's try to say something ! the toy turn from the window to rc . - 43 - rex ( lean down close to rc ) what be it , boy ? rc car ( electric motor sound ) whirrr !!! whirrr ! whirrrrrr !! mr . potato head he 's sayin’ that this be no accident . toy huh ? bo peep what do you mean ? mr . potato head I mean Humpty dumpty be push . ( point at Woody ) . by Woody . toy what ? ! ? the toy turn to Woody who suddenly realize how this look . woody wait a minute . you -- you do not think I mean to knock buzz out the window , do you potato head ? mr . potato head that 's Mr. potato head to you , you back -stabbin’ murderer ! wooody now , it be a accident ! guy , '' mon now , you ... you gotta believe I . . slinky we believe you , Woody . right , rex ? rex ( back away ) oh , I do not like confrontation . the sargent pop out of the army bucket next to Woody . sargent where be you honor , dirtbag ?! you be a absolute disgrace ! you do not deserve to -- Woody seal the lid back on the bucket . potato head start close in on Woody . mr . potato head could not handle buzz cuttin’ in on you playtime , could ya Woody ? do not want to face the fact that buzz just might be Andy 's new favorite toy , so you get rid of he . well , what if Andy start playin’ with I more , Woody , huh ? you gonna knock I outta the window , too ? potato head have drive Woody back to the very edge of the desk -- trap . hamm I do not think we should give he the chance . suddenly , the lid pop off the bucket of army man . sargent there he be , man ! frag he ! the army man yell charge and pounce on Woody , while all the rest of the toy close in . mr . potato head let 's string he up by he pull - string ! hamm I get dib on he hat ! bo peep would you boy stop it ?! hamm tackle he ! - 45 - woody no , no , no , no ! wait ! wait I can explain everything -- mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) Andy , c’mon ! andy ( 0.s. ) okay , Mom , be right down . I have get to get buzz . sargent retreat ! the toy all drop Woody and rush back to they place . Andy enter the room and head straight for the desk where Woody be lie . Andy overlook Woody and begin search around the room . andy Mom ! do you know where buzz be ? mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) no , I have not see he . Woody painfully watch as Andy search in vain for buzz . mr . potato head ( 0.s. ) psssst ! Woody lock across the room . potato head and etch -a-sketch peek out of a pack box . etch -a-sketch scribbles a hangman 's noose while potato head point a accuse finger in Woody 's direction . Woody gulp . mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) Andy ! I be head out the door . andy but Mom , I can not find he ! mrs . davis ( 0.s . ) well , honey , just grab some other toy ! now c'mon ! - 46 + andy okay ... he grab Woody and walk out of the room . ext . andy ‘s house - continuous Andy exit the house drag Woody as he head toward the family van in the driveway . andy I could not find my buzz . I know I leave he right there . mrs . davis honey , I be sure he 's around . you will find he . a BUSH next to the van begin to rustle . hand part the foliage , revealing buzz . he eye Woody go into the van and do a slow burn . the van engine start up . buzz race out of the bush , and with a mighty leap , grab the rear fender of the van as it pull out of the driveway . angle : side of andy 's house a chain of monkey fall into view , dangle a considerable distance above the ground . ext . andy 's bedroom window - continuous the rest of Andy 's toy have regroupe at the window , supervise the lowering of the '' monkey chain '' . slinky it 's too short ! we need more monkey ! rex ( hold up a empty barrel ) there be not any more ! that 's the whole barrel . rex throw the barrel down and run back to the ledge . ~ 47 - rex ( yell out window ) buzz ! the monkey be not work ! we be formulate another plan ! stay calm ! {beat ) oh , where could he be ? ext . gas station - later the Davis 's family van pull up to one of the pump . int . van - continuous Andy sit in the rear seat with Woody lie next to he . andy can I help pump the gas ? mrs . davis sure ! I '’1l even let you drive . both Mrs. Davis and Andy exit the van while baby Molly sleep up front in she car seat . andy ( 0.s. ) yeah ?! mrs. davis ( 0.s. ) yeah -- when you be sixteen . andy ( 0.s. ) ( sarcastic ) yuk , yuk , yuk -- funny , Mom . with Mom and Andy out of range , Woody come to life . he stare out the sun roof , still reeling from everything . woody oh , great . how be I gonna convince that guy it be a accident ? suddenly , buzz appear over the edge of the sun roof . woody buzz ! buzz jump down on the back seat to face Woody . he be furious . - 48 - woody buzz ! you be alive ! this be great ! oh , I be save ! I be save ! Andy ' 1ll find you here , he 'il take we back to the room , and then you can tell everyone that this be all just a big mistake . huh ? no response from buzz . just a angry stare . woody ( weakly ) right ? buddy ? buzz I just want you to know that even though you try to terminate I , revenge be not a idea we promote on my planet . woody oh . oh , that 's good . buz2 ( get in Woody 's face ) but we be not on my planet , be we ? woody no. buzz lunge for Woody . the two toy fly off the seat and out the open side door of the van . ext . gas station - continuous Woody and buzz hit the ground and roll under the van , lock in mortal combat . woody ok ! come on ! you want a piece of I ?! buzz land a punch that send Woody 's head spin around , Woody lunge with all he might . he smack buzz in the face , make it squeak with every blow . buzz close he helmet on Woody 's hand . - 49 - woody owwwww ! ! ! Woody pound on buzz 's chest with he free hand , activate buzhn sample voice button . sfx : car door slam the toy stop fight . before they can react ... mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) next stop ... andy ( 0.s. ) pizza Planet ! yeah !!! the van drive off . woody ( gasp ) Andy ?! Woody start to run in the direction of the van but it drive out of sight , leave buzz and Woody strand . woody . do not he realize that I be not there ? ( beat ) I be lost ! oh , I be a lose toy ! meanwhile , buzz check the surroundings . he flip open he wrist communicator . buzz buzz lightyear Mission log . the local sheriff and I seem to be at a huge refueling station of some sort -- Woody whip around , he expression change from panic to seethe anger . he charge at buzz . woody you ! sfx : loud truck horn just then the toy be bath in the headlight beam of a behemoth tanker truck pull into the station . buzz dive off to the side while Woody collapse right where he stand on the pavement . the truck roar over he . a gigantic tire stop just millimeter from Woody 's nose . petrify , Woody inch away from the tire , move back under the truck until he bump into buzz . buzz ( into wrist communicator ) accord to my nava-computer , the -- woody ( whisper ) shut up ! just shut up , you idiot !! buzz sheriff , this be no time to panic . woody this be the perfect time to - panic ! I '' lose , Andy be go , they be go to move from they house in two day and it 's all you fault !! buzz my fault ?! if you have not push I out of the window in the first place -- woody oh , yeah ? well , if you have not show up in you stupid little cardboard spaceship and take away everything that be important to I -- buzz do not talk to I about importance . because of you the security of this entire universe be in jeopardy . woody ( incredulous ) what ?!! what be you talk about ?! buzz walk to the edge of the truck tire and point up to the star . - 51 - buzz right now , poise at the edge of the galaxy , Emperor Zurg have be secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate a entire planet . I alone have information that reveal this weapon 's only weakness . buzz ( cont ‘d ) ( point at Woody ) and you , my friend , be responsible for delay my rendez-vous with Star Command . Woody explode . woody you be a toy !!! you be not the real buzz lightyear , you be a action figure !! you be a child 's plaything !!! beat . buzz you be a sad strange little man and you have my pity . farewell . buzz walk off . woody oh , yeah ? well , good riddance , ya looney ! Woody walk away in the opposite direction . woody ( to himself ) rendez-vous with Star Command . sfx : screeching tire followed by gas station bell pizza deliverer ( 0.s. ) hey , Gas dude ! attendant ( 0.s. ) you talkin’ to I ? - 52 - pizza deliverer ( 0.s. } yeah , man , can you help I ? do you know where cut Blvd. be ? attendant ( 0.s. ) just a moment ... Woody look in the direction of the bell . his face light up at the sight of ... a pizza planet delivery truck . woody ( to himself ) pizza Planet ... Andy ! Woody take a step forward and then stop . woody oh , no ! I can not show my face in that room without buzz . Woody run back under the tanker truck . buzz be at the far end of the truck , walk away from Woody . woody buzz ! buzz , come back ! buzz ocontinue to walk away ) go away . Woody look back at the delivery truck in desperation and then eye ... angle : delivery truck roof sign atop the truck be a rocket with the pizza Planet logo . woody no , buzz , you have gotta come back . I find a spaceship ! buzz stop walk away and look back at Woody . woody it 's a spaceship , buzz ! ext . gas station - a few minute later the delivery truck 's engine have stall and be off . - 53 - pizza deliverer { 0.s. ) C ’mon , man , hurry up . um , like the pizza 's be get cold here . Woody and buzz eye the park delivery truck from within the safety of a nearby oilcan display . buzz now you be sure this spacefreighter will return to its port of origin once it jettison its food supply ? woody uh-huh . and when we get there , we all be able to find a way to transport you ... home . buzz well , then let 's climb aboard . buzz make a beeline for the passenger side door of the pizza truck . Woody chase after he . woody no , no , no , wait , buzz , buzz , let 's get in the back . no one will see we there . buzz negative . there be no restrain harness in the cargo area . we all be much safer in the cockpit . in a flash , buzz have scale the front tire , grab the rear view mirror , and swing himself up and into the cab . woody ( loud whisper ) yeah , but , buzz ! buzz ! pizza deliverer ( 0.s. ) ok , so that 's two left , and then a right , huh ? attendant ( 0.s. ) yeah . pizza deliverer ( 0.s. ) okay , thanks for the direction . - 54 - woody {loud whisper ) buzz ! sfx : engine starting Woody run around to the back of the truck , scramble up the bumper and throw open the back hatch to climb inside . Woody let out a yell , as the back hatch slam back down on he rear , send he fly into the bed of the truck . int . pizza planet delivery truck - continuous Woody peek through the divide window into the cab . buzz be hide from the pizza driver 's view by a stack of pizza in they insulate cover . buzz prudently fasten he safety belt . woody it will be safer in the cockpit than the cargo bay . what a idiot ! the driver shift into gear and hit the gas , propelling Woody to the back of the truck . the pizza deliverer drive like a maniac , take sharp turn and hill at high speed . Woody be helplessly throw around the truck . with every blow , Woody yelp in pain . the truck climb a steep hill . Woody look up just in time to see ... a large tool BOX barrel towards he . bam !!! cut to : a STAR -filled black night sky we move down to reveal ... ext . pizza planet - night the delivery truck barrel into the parking lot and park . - 55 - int . delivery truck - cab - continuous after the driver leave the truck , buzz peek out from the passenger window . angle : the front entrance two impose animatronic robot guard the doorway . as customer approach the front , the guard part they cross '' pizza spear '' , allow the patron to enter . robot guard you be clear to enter . welcome to pizza Planet . various announcement blare out from speaker : male voice over speaker next shuttle lift-off schedule for t-minus 30 minute and count ... female voice over speaker the white zone be for eat pizza only . the white zone be for ... excite , buzz pries open the window between the cab and truck bed . buzz sheriff ! Woody be go . just the toolbox and strewn trash . buzz ( continue ) sheriff ? the toolbox fall on its side revealing Woody . he peel off the back of the truck and fall into a pile of trash . buzz there you be . now the entrance be heavily guard . we need a way to get inside . Woody rise from the trash with a '' mega - gulp '' cup on he head . buzz great idea , Woody ! I like you think ! - 56 - ext . pizza planet - front entrance in the f.g. sit a trashcan with fast food container litter around it . more customer approach the '' guard '' entrance . robot guard you be clear to enter . welcome to pizza Planet . the front door automatically swing open as the people pass through . suddenly two piece of trash -- a burger container and '' mega - gulp '' cup stand up . buzz ( in burger container ) now ! the two disguise toy make a dash through the close door . buzz ( in container } quickly , sheriff ! the airlock be close . int . pizza planet / front entrance - continuous Woody and buzz just make it inside but then freeze immediately as a group of kide run past , force the toy to pose as discard trash . once the coast be clear , Woody and buzz resume walk . buzz bump into Woody . woody ( use straw as periscope ) ow ! watch where you be go ! buzz ( mouth with burger box ) sorry . they sneak in between two long row of video game and throw off they disguise . they then take a good look at ... the arcade the space - theme arena be fill with horde of child play video game . a sea of hi - tech sound and light overwhelm the place . - 57 - buzz be beam with hope . buzz what a space port . good work , Woody . Woody be busy look at all the child in the arcade , but none of the kid look familiar to he . just then he hear ... andy ( 0.s. ) Mom , can I play Black hole ? please , please , please ?! Woody turn around and through the video game he spot ... andy stand with Mom and Molly in she stroller . woody ( to himself ) Andy ! mrs . davis what 's Black hole ? andy oh , it 's so cool ... the family begin to walk away . buzz now we need to find a ship that 's head for sector 12 -- buzz be about to head off in the opposite direction when Woody grab he and quickly pull he down the video corridor , woody wait a minute ! no buzz ! this way ! there 's a special ship . I just see it ! buzz you mean it have hyperdrive ? woody hyper-active hyperdrive , and astro ... uh , turf . - 58 - the toy manage to get ahead of Andy . Woody peek around the corner of one of the video game and wait for Mom and Andy to approach . woody ( tracking Andy and family ) c'mon , c’mon , that 's it ... buzz where be it ? I do not see the -- buzz stop short at the sight of ... a crane game it be model to look like a spaceship ready to launch . buzz ( continue ) spaceship . woody alright buzz , get ready ... buzz head for the crane game , but Woody do not notice , he eye lock on the approach stroller . woody okay , buzz , when I say '' go , '' we be gonna jump in the basket -- Woody turn and realize buzz be go . he look across the way just in time to see buzz leap into the crane game through the '' prize '' slot . woody {loud whisper ) buzz !! Woody turn back in the direction of the stroller . it have already go past . woody dooh ! no ! this can not be happen to I !! Woody run towards the crane game , but be force to hold back for a moment as some scream child pass by . - 59 - int . crane game buzz climb over the partition that divide the deposit slot from the prize toy and leap into a pile of ... squeeze toy alien there be hundred of they , all identical and way too cute . alien # 1 ( excited ) a stranger ! alien # 2 from the outside ! alien q0-0-0-0-0 - 0 ... buzz greeting ! I be buzz lightyear ! I come in peace ! alien tell we ! what be it like outside ? the squeeze toy rush buzz like jabbering excited child . ext . crane game with the kid go , Woody cross the aisle to the crane game and dive through the prize slot . int . crane game - continuous Woody clamber up the side of the deposit slot . buzz ( 0.s. ) this be a intergalactic emergency ! I need to commandeer you vessel to sector 12 ! Woody peek over the partition to witness buzz surround by the cute alien toy . buzz ( continue ; to the alien ) who 's 's in charge here ? all the alien point upward . - 60 - alien the cla~a-a-a-a-a-a-a-w ! ! Woody and buzz look up . angle : crane game claw it dangle directly above the toy . alien # 1 the claw be we master . alien # 2 the claw choose who will go and who will stay . woody ( to himself ) this be ludicrous . sid ( 0.s. ) ( laughter ) Woody gasp at the recognition of sid 's voice . he turn to see sid head straight for the crane game . woody oh , no ! sid !!! Woody leap off the partition and tackle buzz , push the two of they deep into the pile of alien . woody get down !! sid approach the crane game and fish quarter out of he pants pocket . buzz {loud whisper ) what 's get into you , sheriff ? I be -- woody ( loud whisper ) you be the one that decide to climb into this -- alien # 4 ( loud whisper ) sh-h-h-h-h-h . the claw . it move . - 61 - angle : crane it move into position and hover directly above the area where Woody and buzz be hide . the crane drop and grab hold of the alien toy that be right on top of buzz . alien # 3 ( whisper excitedly ) I have be choose !! position with he back to sid , the alien be lift up by the claw . alien # 3 ( continue ) farewell , my friend ! I go on to a better place . sid gotcha ! with the alien go , buzz 's upper torso become expose , force the space ranger to freeze . sid suddenly spot buzz . sid a buzz lightyear ! no way ! Woody , still hide , frantically look around for some way to escape . behind he , through the alien , he eye ... a SMALL repair door Woody swim through the alien squeeze toy toward the door . he grab hold of the lock latch and , aftera few attempt , be able to pry the door open . the shadow of the crane line up over buzz , lower , and grab he head . sid yes ! the claw begin to lift buzz up . woody ( gasp ) buzz , no ! Woody grab hold of buzz 's foot . - 62 - Woody and the claw begin to have a tug-of - war with buzz . Woody pull down hard , force buzz to sink into the pile of alien , out of sid 's view . 's id nslam he fist against the glass ) wha -- ? hey !! still tug against the crane , Woody be almost out the door with buzz . just then , the alien at the bottom of the pile pull buzz and Woody back inside . alien # 4 he have be choose . woody hey ! what be you do ? alien # 5 he must go . woody stop it , you -- ! stop it , you zealot ! alien he must go ! do not fight the claw ! do not anger the claw ! he have be choose . Woody and buzz be push up to the surface and into the air , dangle lifelessly in front of sid . sid alright ! double prize ! Woody and buzz be drop into the prize slot and snatch up by sid . sid ( look at he two new toy ) let 's go home and ... play . ha-ha-ha . angle : closeup of skull on sid 's t-shirt match dissolve to : ext . sid 's house - later that night - 63 - from out of the darkness appear sid on he skateboard . he be humming to rock music from he walkman while carry he backpack in he hand . sid leap off the skateboard and walk up the front path towards the front door . through the open zipper , buzz peek out of the backpack to see sid 's house . he recognize Andy 's house next door . int . backpack - continuous buzz , Woody and a squeeze toy alien be scrunch up in the backpack . buzz sheriff ! I can see you dwelling from here ! you be almost home . alien nirvana be come ! the mystic portal await ! woody ( to alien} will you be quiet ?!! ( to both ) you guy do not get it , do you ? once we go into sid 's house , we will not be come out . angle : toy 's Pov from out backpack the front door open to reveal scud . the dog lunge straight for the backpack , barking . sid whoa , scud ! hey , boy . sit! good boy ! the dog begrudgingly obey . sid hey , I get somethin’ for ya , boy . sid 's hand reach into the backpack . woody ( loud whisper ) freeze !!! the toy go still . sid 's hand grab the alien out of the backpack . the alien be then place sideways along scud 's snout . sid ready , set , now . in one guick motion , scud flip the alien up , catch it in he mouth , and rabidly shake it back and forth . buzz and Woody react in horror . sid Hannah ! hey , Hannah !!! Woody and buzz glance up to see hannah , sid 's frail little sister , carry she janie doll . hannah what ? . sid do I get my package in the mail ? hannah I dunno . sid whaddaya mean , you do not know ? hannah ( insistent ) I do not know ! sid ( mock concern ) oh no , Hannah ! hannah what ? sid look ! janie ! he grab the doll . hannah hey ! ! sid she 's sick ! ~ 65 - hannah ( panic rise ) no she 's not -- sid I will have to perform one of my ... operation ! hannah no - 0 -0 ... do not touch she ! no ! sid bolt upstairs with Hannah in pursuit . woody not sid ' 's room ... not there ... int . upstair hall - continuous sid race to he bedroom door . Hannah be right behind . hannah sid ! give she back ! sid just laugh . he charge into the room and slam the door in he sister 's face . int . sid 's room - continuous hannah ( 0.s. ) ( pound on he door ) sid! sidi ... sid carelessly toss the backpack on the bed and walk over to a makeshift workbench . sid ( as doctor ) oh , no . we have a sick patient here , nurse . prepare the o.r. , stat ! sid click on a bare bulb dangle above he '' operate table . '' Woody and buzz look on from the safety of the backpack as sid place the janie doll 's head in a vise . hannah ( 0.s. ) sid , give she back ! give she back now ! I be tell ! sid ( as doctor ) patient be ... ostrain while tightening vise ) . pre-e -epped . sid grab a painter 's mask from he toolchest and don it like a surgeon 's mask . sid ( as doctor ) no one 's ever attempt a double bypass brain transplant before . sid grab a toy pterodactyl from a nearby crate full of junk . sid ( as doctor ) now for the tricky part -- plier ! buzz ( whisper to Woody ) I do not believe that man 's ever be to medical school . sid struggle for a moment with he '' patient '' then stop . sid ( as nurse ) dector , you have do it ! {running to the door ) Hannah ? he open the door . Hannah be stand there , look worried . sid ( continue ) janie 's all better now . he hand she janie -- she head have be replace with a pterodactyl 's . Hannah scream at the sight of the monstrosity and bolt down the hallway . hannah mom !! mom !! sid she 's lie ! whatever she say it 's not true ! 67 - sid throw the doll to the ground and run after Hannah , slamm the door behind he . Woody and buzz peer out of the backpack at they new surroundings . heavy metal poster , discard toy remain and power tool adorn the messy room . they be in Hell ... toy Hell . woody we be gonna die . ( bolt out of the pack ) I be outta here ! Woody leap from the bed to the doorknob and struggle to open it . no good . Woody drop to the floor . woody lock ! there 's gotta be another way out of here . sfx : rolling SOUND Woody be startle by the noise . a small yo - yo roll out from behind a box and fall on its side . spook , Woody grab a pencil from the floor and brandish it like a weapon . just then a shadow pass by Woody . he turn quickly but see nothing . wwooody uh ... buzz ? be that you ? Woody hurriedly trade he pencil for a larger flashlight . he hear a noise from under sid 's 's bed . Woody turn on the flashlight and shine the beam in the direction of the noise , illuminate ... a baby doll head 's profile woody hey ! hi , there , little fellah ! come out here . do you know a way out of here ? - 68 - the baby doll move out from under the bed , revealing a one - eye doll head atop a spider - like body make of erector set piece . woody ( gasp !!) the creature extend its leg and rise up taller than Woody . scare speechless , Woody keep he flashlight beam lock on babyface . various other mutant toy begin to emerge from the shadow : a toy fishing pole with fashion doll leg , a skateboard with a combat soldier 's torso screw to the front end , a jack - in - the - box with a rubber hand for a head , ( and other ) - Woody leap onto the bed and hide behind buzz . woody b-b-b-buzz ! buzz and Woody look on as the mutant have a tug of war as they grab all the janie and pterodactyl part , drag they off into the shadow . buzz they be cannibal ! Woody retreat back into the backpack . int . backpack - continuous Woody cower in the corner as buzz enter . he punch a button on he chest . buzz May day ! May day ! come in , Star Command ! send reinforcement !... ( pause ) Star Command , do you copy ? no response . buzz adjust he laser light . it emit a short blip . buzz ( aim he arm out the pack ) I have set my laser from stun to kill . wwoody oh , great , great . yeah , and if anyone attack we we can blink ‘em to death . ext . andy'' house - night rex point a flashlight out of Andy 's bedroom window while bo peep , slinky , hamm and potato head look on . some bush rustle below . rex hey , you guy ! I think I have find he . buzz ! be that you ?! rex point the flashlight beam at the shaking bush . the annoyed meow of a cat be hear . rex whisker ! will you get out of here ?! you be interfere with the search and rescue . sfx : approaching car rex turn off the flashlight . rex ( whisper ) look ! they be home ! the toy duck behind the sill . the Davis 's family van pull into the driveway . Andy and Mrs. Davis get out . andy Mom , have you see Woody ? mrs . davis where be the last place you leave he ? andy ( search the van ) right here in the van . mrs . davis oh , I be sure he 's there . you be just not look hard enough . - 70 - andy he 's not here , Mom . Woody 's go . the toy all look at one another . bo peep ( gasp ) Woody 's go ?! hamm well waddah - ya-know , the weasel run away . hamm , potato head and rex walk away from the window . potato head huh ?! huh ?! I tell you he be guilty . rex who would have think he be capable of such atrocity ?! bo peep and slinky be leave alone at the window , visibly crestfallen . bo peep oh , slink , I hope he 's okay . dissolve to : ext . sid 's bedroom window - day sid ( 0.s. ; as interrogator ) oh , a survivor . where be the rebel base ? talk ! sfx : hand slap int . sid 's room - continuous a inanimate Woody fly across the room , landing hard on the floor . sid cross to the window . sid ( as interrogator ) I can see you will be strong . sid open the window shade . Bright sunlight shine down onto Woody . -71 - sid ( continue ) well , we have way of make you talk . sid pull out a magnify glass from he back pocket and focus the beam on Woody 's forehead . sid ( as interrogator ) where be you rebel friend now ? heh , heh . a bright white hot dot form on Woody 's forehead and begin to smolder . sid 's mom ( 0.s. ) sid !! you pop -tart be ready ! sid pull the magnify glass away . sid alright !! sid run out of the room . as soon as he 's go , Woody jump up scream , he forehead burn . he run to a bowl of half - eat cereal ( with milk ) on the floor , and dunk he head in . buzz run over to Woody , pause to remove two suction cup dart from he person before pull Woody out of the bowl . two colorful froot -loops stick to each of Woody 's eye like glass . buzz be you alright ? ( whack he on the back } I be proud of you , sheriff . a lesser man would have talk under such torture . Woody look at he reflection in the back of the cereal spoon and rub the burn mark on he forehead . woody I sure hope this be not permanent . - 72 - buzz ocheck he wrist communicator ) still no word from Star Command . we nre not that far from the spaceport -- Woody 's eye light up . angle : spoon sid 's bedroom door can be see in the reflection . it 's open . woody the door ! it 's open ! we be free !! Woody run for the door . buzz follow . buzz Woody , we do not know what 's out there ! woody I all tell you what 's -- aaaah ! the mutant toy suddenly appear and block they path to the doorway . Woody hide behind buzz . woody they be gonna eat we , buzz !! do something ! Quick ! buzz Shield you eye ! buzz fire he laser at they . the little red beam just flicker against babyface 's head . the mutant toy look confusedly at each other . buzz it 's not work . I recharge it before I leave . it should be good for hour -- woody oh , you idiot ! you be a toy ! use you karate chop action ! - 73 - grabbing buzz like a hostage , Woody fend off the mutant toy by push a large button on buzz 's back , make buzz 's arm involuntarily '' chop '' up and down . woody {to mutant ) get away ! hoo-cha ! hoo-cha ! buzz hey !! hey ! how be you do that ? stop that ! woody back ! back , you savage ! back ! Woody circle around the mutant toy to the open doorway , continually chopping buzz 's arm . buzz Woody , stop it !! woody : sorry guy , but dinner 's cancel ! Woody drop buzz and run out the door . int . upstair hallway - continuous Woody race down the corridor ... woody {to himself ) there 's no place like home . there 's no place like home . there 's no place like home ... turn onto the top of the stairwell , down a few step , and be confront by ... scud asleep on the landing . Woody freeze inch away from the sleep beast . he slowly back up the stair . suddenly buzz appear and pull Woody back against the hallway wall . he cover Woody 's mouth with he hand . woody ( muffle gasp ) - 74 - buzz ( whisper ) another stunt like that , cowboy --~ you be go to get we kill . woody ( pull buzz 's hand away ) do not tell I what to do ! buzz shhh ! buzz check to make sure scud be still asleep and then dart across the stairwell open to the other end of the hallway . once safely across , he motion for Woody to follow . Woody cowardly crawl on all four across the epen area and meet up with buzz . as he stand ... woodyn pullstring ring get catch on one of the curl of the wringht iron railing . the toy begin to creep down the hallway , unaware that Woody 's pullstring be be pull farther and farther until -- it snap off the iron railing and fly back towards Woody . woody ( voice BOX ) yeeeeeee -haaaaaaa ! ! both buzz and Woody leap in surprise at the sound of Woody 's voice box . angle : SCUD be eye . it open . Woody vainly attempt to stifle the recoil pullstring . woody ( voice BOX ) ( continue ) gidy - up partner !... growling , scud start up the stair . 75 - woody ( voice BOX ) ( continue ) ... we get to get this wagon train a movin ' ! Woody and buzz take off run . buzz Split up ! two door be ajar at the other end of the hallway . buzz dive behind one while Woody jump into ... a closet . Woody slam the door shut just as scud reach the top of the landing . crash can hear from behind the closet door , get scud 's attention . buzz peek out from he doorway at scud sniffing and growling at the closet . sense movement behind he , scud whip around and start to enter buzz 's doorway . sfx : snoring the noise stop the dog in he track . both scud and buzz look up to see ... int . sid 's dad 's den - continuous mr . phillip be asleep on a la-z - Boy recliner in front of the t.v. scud back out and head down the stair . buzz turn to exit the room when he hear ... space commander ( 0.s. ; on tv ) Calling buzz lightyear !! come in buzz lightyear !! this be Star Command . buzz lightyear ! do you read I ?! buzz Star Command ! buzz open up he wrist communicator and be just about to speak into it when he be interrupt . -~ 76 - kid # 1 ( 0.8 . ) buzz lightyear respond ! read you loud and clear ! buzz turn around to see ... a television set buzz 's space ranger logo be on the screen over a field of star . the image quickly change to two young boy play in they backyard with a buzz lightyear doll . space commander buzz lightyear , Planet Earth need you help ! kid # 1 ( into toy wrist communicator ) on the way !! male chorus ( v.0 . } buzz lightyear !!! buzz react with confusion at what he be watch . he walk slowly towards the television set . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) the world 's great superhero ! now the world 's great toy ! angle : tv commercial the buzz lightyear doll be now out of the box and be display . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) buzz have it all ! lock wrist communicator ! kid # 1 Calling buzz lightyear . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) karate chop action ! kid # 2 wow ! with every feature demonstrate on the tv , buzz compare the same feature on himself . - 77 - tv announcer ( v.0 . ) pulsate laserlight ! kid # 2 total annihilation ! tv announcer ( v.0 . ) multi-phrase voice simulator ! tv buzz ( sample voice } it 's a secret mission in unchart Space ! buzz press the same button on he uniform . buzz ( sample voice ) it 's a secret mission in unchart space , tv announcer ( v.0 . ) and best of all ... ( big '' monster truck '' voice } high - pressure -space -wing ! ! tv buzz to infinity and Beyond ! on the tv screen , the buzz lightyear action figure appear to be launch through the air . the word : not a flying toy flash across the bottom of the screen . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) ( non -excite lawyer voice ) not a fly toy . buzz slowly shake he head in wide - eye disbelief . tv announcer ( v.0o . ) get you buzz lightyear action figure and save a galaxy near you ! male chorus ( v.0o . ) buzz lightyear !!! the image on the screen change to a shot of hundred of buzze in they box lining either side of a store aisle . local announcer ( v.0o . ) available at all Al 's toy barn outlet in the tri-county area . buzz be stricken . he look down at he wrist communicator and open it . angle : wrist communicator mold on the underside of the cover be three word : '' made in taiwan '. song : '' I will go sailing no more '' begins int . upstair hallway - continuous buzz walk dejectedly out of the de and down the hallway . as he pass the top of the stairwell he pause to look up through the railing at ... a SMALL window it be open , revealing the blue sky beyond . a bird fly past . the taunting voice of Woody echoe in he head . woody ( v.0 . ) you be a toy ! you can not fly ! buzz bow he head , defeat . beat slowly buzz raise he head , determination in he eye . he slam the offend wrist communicator shut , as if to deny its message of '' make in Taiwan '' . buzz climb up the railing to the banister . he pop open he wing , and aim himself towards the window above . buzz to infinity and Beyond ! buzz leap off the banister ... and fall . in slow motion buzz watch he square of blue sky pull farther away from he as he plummet to the floor below . 79 - int . sid ’'s house / entryway - continuous buzz crash on the entryway floor . buzz open he eye to see ... he severe left arm the break arm lie a few inch away from he now empty arm socket . buzz drop he head back in defeat . song end hannah ( 0.s. ) m-o-o-om ? Mom , have you see my Sally doll ? Hannah walk into the entryway , and not see buzz , step on he . mom ( 0.s. ) what , dear ? what be that ? Hannah pick up buzz ( and he arm ) and smile . hannah nevermind . dissolve to : int . upstair hallway - later angle : closet the knob jiggle for a moment . suddenly , the door fly open revealing Woody , entangle in Christmas light , stand atop a pile of box to be at doorknob height . Woody and the rest of the junk topple over . a bowl ball topple out , smash Woody square on the head . woody oo-o0 -of ! ( to the hallway ) buzz ?! the coast be clear . buzz ? where be you ? buzz ( 0.s. ; sample voice ) it 's a secret mission in unchart space ! let 's go !! Woody creep down the hallway , drag the Christmas light with he . hannah ( 0.s. ) really ? that be so -o-o interesting . Woody peek into the open doorway of ... int . hannah 's bedroom / upstair hallway - continuous Hannah be pretend to have a tea party . her guest be doll , headless doll , that be except for ... buzz he be seat at the miniature table , dress up in a frilly apron and fashionable party hat . hannah ( continue ) would you like some tea , Mrs. nesbit ? woody {under he breath ) buzz ! Hannah have place a tiny teapot in buzz 's severe arm and pour imaginary tea with it . hannah it 's so nice you could join we on such late notice . Woody step back into the hallway . woody oh , no ! hannah what a lovely hat , Mrs. nesbit . it go quite well with you head . Woody think for a moment , then take a few step further down the hall . he clear he throat . - bl - woody ( high voice ) Hannah ! oh , Hannah ! Hannah stop pour tea and look up . hannah ( yell out she room ) Mom ? ( to the dolis ) please excuse I , lady . I ' 11 be right back . as soon as Hannah exit the room buzz keel over face - down onto the table . Hannah pass Woody , hide in the Christmas light , and walk downstairs . hannah what be it , Mom ? Mom , where be you ? Woody bolt into Hannah 's room . woody buzz ! hey , buzz ! be you okay ? buzz lift he head up and wail in drunken despair . buzz go ! it 's all go -o- one ! all of it 's go . bye-bye ! whoo-hoo ! see yal Woody pick up buzz 's severe arm . woody what happen to you ? buzz one minute you be defend the whole galaxy ... ( point at other doll ) . and suddenly you find yourself suckin 's down darjeel with Marie antoinette and she little sister . the headless doll turn and wave . - er - Woody remove the teapot from the severe arm and set it on the table . woody I think you have have enough tea for today . ( help buzz up ) let 's get you out of here , buzz . buzz ( grab Woody ) do not you get it ?! you see the hat ? I be Mrs. nesbit !! ( hysterical laughter ) woody snap out of it , buzz ! Woody press buzz 's helmet open , slap he across the face with he own detach arm , and then politely close the helmet . buzz sober up and calmly take he severe arm from Woody . buzz walk out of the room while Woody follow . buzz ( sober ) I be sorry . you nre right . int . upstair hallway - continuous buzz ( continue ) ... I be just a little depressed , that 's all . I can get through this . buzz reach the center of the hallway and drop to he knee . buzz oh , I be a sham !! woody ( loud whisper ) sh-h -h-h- hk !! quiet , buzz . buzz look at I ! TI can not even fly out of a window ! - 83 - Woody stop short . he look down the hallway in the direction of sid 's room . angle : sid 's bedroom window Woody can see straight out sid 's window across the way to Andy 's bedroom window . buzz ocontinue ) but -- the hat look good . tell I the hat look good ! the apron be a bit much , it 's not my color ... woody out the window ... buzz , you be a genius ! Woody grab the coil of Christmas light and drag buzz towards sid 's room . woody ( continue ) come on , this way ! buzz year of Academy training ... waste !! ext . andy 's house / andy 's bedroom window Mr. potato head and hamm be play battleship . hamm 's wear potato head@ 's hat . mr potato head b- 3. hamm miss. G - 6. mr potato head ohhh ! you sink it ! hamm heh-heh . mr potato head be you peek ? hamm oh , quit you whining and pay up . potato head reach for he ear . 84 - hamm no , no , not the ear . gimme the nose . c’mon ! . mr. potato head opull out he nose ; nasally ) how ' bout three out of five ? he be about to hand he nose over to hamm when ... woody ( 0.s. ) hey guy ! guy ! hey ! both toy look across the way . ext . sid 's window / andy 's window - continuous Woody have just finish lift sid 's window and wave to the toy . mr . potato head Son of a building block , it 's Woody ! hamm he 's in the psycho 's bedroom ! woody hi! hamm ( into Andy 's bedroom ) everyone , it 's Woody ! int . andy 's room - continuous slinky , bo peep and rex look to the window . bo peep Woody ?! rex you be kid ? slinky Woody ? ! int . sid ’'s bedroom 85 - woody we nre gonna get outta here , buzz -- buzz ? buzz be not there . Woody look down at the floor . buzz be sit on the floor , play '' bomb away '' with he break arm . ext . andy 's window / side window the rest of Andy 's toy gather around the window to see Woody . rex hey , look ! bo peep Woody ! woody Boy , be I glad to see you guy ! slinky I know you have come back , Woody ! bo peep what be do over there ? woody it 's a long story , bo. I x11 explain later . here , catch this ! Woody toss one end of the Christmas light over . slinky catch they . slinky I get it , Woody ! rex ( overly excited ) he get it , Woody ! woody good go , slink ! now , just , just tie it on to something ! potato head wait ! wait ! I get a better idea ! how about we don ’t ?! potato head grab the string of light away from slinky . - bf - slinky hey ?!! bo peep potato head !? mr . potato head do you all take stupid pill this morning ?! have you forget what he do to buzz ? and now you want to let he back over here ? woody no , no , no ! you get it all wrong , potato head . buzz be fine ! buzz be right here . he 's with I ! potato head you be a liar ! woody no I be not ! ( to buzz ) buzz , come over here and you just tell the nice toy that you be not dead . angle : buzz he do not respond , preoccupy with peel off the sticker on he wrist communicator . he crumple it up and toss it aside . woody ( to Andy 's toy ) just a sec . int . sid 's room - continuous frantic , Woody walk over to the edge of the desk . woody buzz ! will you get up here and give I a hand ?! buzz 's severe arm come fly into view and land by Woody 's foot . woody {insincerely ) ha ha . that 's very funny , buzz. ( explode ) this be serious !! - 87 - rex ( 0.s. ) hey , Woody !? where have ya’ go ? potato head ( 0.s. ) he 's lyin’ . buzz be not there . ext . sid 's window / andy 's window Woody reappear at the edge of sid 's window . he pretend to notice something out of the other toy 's view . woody ( force casualness ) oh , hi buzz ! why do not you say '' hello '' to the guy over there ? buzhn severe arm suddenly appear with Woody hold the end just out of sight . Woody throw he voice , pretend to be buzz . woody ( as buzz ) hi ya , fella . to infinity and beyond ! rex hey look ! it 's buzz ! woody ( shaking the arm 's hand ) yeah , hey buzz . let 's show the guy we new secret best - friend hand shake . gimme five , man ! hamm something 's screwy here . woody so , you see ? we be friend now , guy . be not we , buzz ? ( as buzz ) you bet . gimme a hug . Woody make buzz 's arm grab he neck and pull he forward . woody ( continue ; as himself ) ha , ha , oh , I love you , too . slinky see ? it be buzz . now give back the light , potato head . potato head wait just a minute . what be you try to pull ?! woody nothing . Woody innocently shrug and throw both he hand up ... expose the severe arm . the toy all scream in horror . rex clasp he hand to he mouth and turn away to barf . realizing he mistake , Woody try to hide the arm , but it 's too late . hamm oh , that be disgusting . potato head murderer ! woody no ! no , no , no , no ! potato head you murdering dog ! woody no , it 's not what you think , I swear ! potato head save it for the jury . I hope sid pull you voice - box out , ya creep ! potato head drop the light . woody no! no ! do not leave ! do not leave ! you have gotta help we , please ! you do not know what it 's like over here ! 89 - potato head ( to the other toy ) come on . let 's get out of here . hamm go back to you life , citizen . show 's over . all the toy leave the window except slinky . woody come back ! slink '! slink’ , please ! please ! listen to I ! unable to look Woody in the eye , slinky close the blind . woody ( continue ) no! no ! come back ! sli - I - I - inkyyy ! ! sfx : thunder as storm cloud roll over sid 's house , Woody slump over the window sill in defeat . int . sid 's room - continuous broken toy sound emit from behind Woody . he turn from the window to see ... the mutant toy converge all around buzz . woody buzz !! still hold onto buzz 's arm , Woody jump down from the desk and run to buzz 's rescue . woody go away , you disgusting freak ! babyface turn from the fray and charge at Woody with he erector- set pincher . Woody cower , shield himself with buzz 's arm . - 9c - babyface clamp onto the arm and have a tug -o- war with Woody . woody alright back ! back , you cannibal ! Woody lose he grip on the arm and sail across the room , crash into the wall . by now there be no sight of buzz within the swarm mass of mutant toy . Woody attack the mob with a vengeance . woody he be still alive , and you be not gonna get he , you monster ! he furiously throw the mutant toy aside , digging he way to ... buzz he be sit up , he break arm now newly - attach . Woody 's anger turn to confusion . woody hey ?! hey , they fix you ! Woody shake buzz 's arm to confirm what he 's see be real then look to the mutant . woody ( continue ) but -- but they be cannibal . we see they eat that other toy . the mutant toy part to reveal the recent victim of sid 's last '' operation '' : the janie doll and pterodactyl . they head have be tape back on the correct body . the mutant all innocently stare at Woody . woody uh ... sorry . I ... I think that you be gonna ... ( laugh nervously ) you know , eat my friend . immediately , the mutant toy retreat back into the dark corner of the room . woody hey ! no , no , wait ! hey ! what 's wrong ? sid be mom ( 0.s. ) sid ! sid ( 0.s. ) not now , Mom , I '' busy ! woody sid!it ! footstep approach the bedroom . Woody try to pick up the still depressed buzz , but he just go limp . woody buzz ! C ’mon , get up ! buzz you be ... ( grunt ) ... get up ... Woody begin drag buzz towards the bed , but they progress be too slow . he shake buzz hard . woody Fine . let sid trash you . but do not blame I . Woody leave buzz sit alone in the middle of the floor and hide underneath a nearby milkcrate just as ... sid enter carry a big box . sid it come ! it finally come ! sid run over to he workbench and rip open the box . sid ( reverently ) the big one . he pull out a rocket with '' the big one '' write on it . sid ( read the rocket label ) '' extremely dangerous . keep out of reach of child . '' cool ... ( look around ) what be I gonna blow ? man ... hey , where 's that wimpy cowboy doll ? ~- 92 - sid spot the milkcrate and pick it up . no Woody . angle : underside of milkcrate out of sid 's view , Woody press against the inside , hang on for dear life . sfx : buz laser sid look down and notice he 's step on buzz , activate he laser . sid yes ! I have always want to put a spaceman into orbit . ha-ha . he place buzz and the milkcrate on the workbench . and throw a toolbox on top of the crate . the impact of the toolbox dislodge Woody from he hide place . Woody quickly duck under a magazine on the floor of the crate '' jail '' . Woody watch helplessly as sid fish out a roll of electrical tape from the toolbox and , with a irreverent chuckle , tape buzz to the rocket sfx : thunderclap a flash of lighten interrupt the moment . sid oh , no ... sid cross to the window to see a huge rainstorm commence . sullenly , he smack he head against the window . sid aw , man ... ! Woody heave a sigh of relief . suddenly sid 's face brighten . he turn he focus from the rain to the buzzrocket . sid ( as newscaster ) sid Phillips report . Launch of the shuttle have be delay due to adverse weather condition at the launch site . tomorrow 's forecast ... 93 - sid smack buzz down on the desk , wind he alarm clock , and place it next to buzz . sid sunny . ha-ha-ha . sweet dream . int . andy 's room - that night . Andy be be tuck into bed by he mother . she hand he he cowboy hat . mrs . davis I look everywhere , honey , but all I could find be you hat . andy ( groggy ) but what if we leave they behind ? mrs . davis oh , do not worry honey , I be sure we will find Woody and buzz before we leave tomorrow . Andy 's eye shut . Mom turn out the light and quietly exit the room . a move box on the floor , with the word '' Andy 's toy ! '' scrawle on it , begin to shake from side to side . rex ( 0.s. ( muffle ) aaaah ! I need air ! rex pop out of the top of the box , coughing a pack styrofoam peanut out of he mouth . potato head appear beside he . . rex ( relieved ) aa-a-a-a- ah ! ( cough ) potato head will you quit move around ?! rex I be sorry . it 's just that I get so nervous before I travel . potato head how do I get stick with you as a move buddy ? . - 94 - potato head drop back down into the box . rex ( follow potato head ) everyone else be pick . bo peep peek around the corner of one of the box and look up at Andy fast asleep clutching he cowboy hat . bo peep oh , Woody , if only you could see how much Andy miss you . ext . sid be house - later that night thunder rumble as rain . pour down outside the spooky dwelling . int . sid be room sid be in bed fast asleep . Woody struggle to move he milkcrate jail , but with the weight of the toolbox on top it will not budge . Woody look across the desktop at buzz sit dejectedly with the rocket strapped to he back . woody ps-s-s-s-t ! psst ! hey , buzz ! no reaction from buzz . Woody pick up a stray washer from the desktop and fling it at buzz , strike he helmet . buzz lift he head and turn lifelessly to look at Woody . woody hey ! get over here and see if you can get this tool box off I . buzz just look away from Woody and bow he head . 95 - woody oh , come on , buzz . I ... buzz , I can not do this without you . I need you help . buzz I can not help . I can not help anyone . woody why , sure you can , buzz . you can get I out of here and then I will get that rocket off you , and we 'il make a break for Andy 's house . buzz Andy 's house . sid 's house . what 's the difference . woody oh , buzz , you have have a big fall . you must not be think clearly . buzz no , Woody , for the first time I be think clearly . nlook at himself ) you be right all along . I be not a Space Ranger . I be just a toy . a stupid little insignificant toy . woody whoa , hey -- wait a minute . be a toy be a lot better than be a Space Ranger . buzz yeah , right . woody no , it be . look , over in that house be a kid who think you be the great , and it 's not because you be a Space Ranger , pal , it 's because you be a toy ! you be he toy . buzz but why would Andy want I ? - 96 - woody why would Andy want you ?! look at you ! you nre a buzz lightyear . any other toy would give up he move part just to be you . you have get wing , you glow in the dark , you talk , you helmet do that -- that whoosh thing -- you be a cool toy . Woody pause and look at himself . woody ( continue ; depressed ) as a matter of fact you be too cool . I mean -- I mean what chance do a toy like I have against a buzz lightyear action figure ? all I can do be ... Woody pull he own pull-string . woody ( voice BOX ) there 's a snake in my boot ! Woody bow he head . woody why would Andy ever want to play with I , when he 's get you ? ( pause ) I be the one that should be strapped to that rocket . Woody slump dejectedly against the crate , he back to buzz . buzz lift up he foot . angle : the sole of buzz n's foot the signature '' andy '' read through the dirt and scuff mark . buzz gaze back at Woody . a look of determination spread across he face woody listen buzz , forget about I . you should get out of here while you can . 97 - silence . Woody turn around . buzz be go . suddenly , the entire milkcrate begin to shake . Woody look up to see ... buzz he be on top of the milkcrate , try to push the tool box off . woody buzz !! what be you do ? I think you be -- buzz come on , sheriff . there 's a kid ever in that house who need we . now let 's get you out of this thing . woody yes Sir ! both buzz and Woody push the milkcrate and together , they finally get it to move but it 's slow progress . woody ( strain ) come on , buzz ! we can do it ! sfx : truck the two toy stop to look out the window by the workbench . angle : out sid 's bedroom window with the rain stop and the sun beginning to rise ... a moving truck can be see pull up in front of Andy 's house . buzz Woody ! it 's the move van . woody we have get to get out of here ... now . buzz brace himself between the tool chest and the wall . - 9g - use he leg , buzz push with all he might . the toolbox begin to move . Woody notice that with every shove buzz give to the tool chest , the milkcrate begin to edge out over the lip of the desk . woody C ‘mon , buzz . finally the gap be wide enough for Woody to jump through . Woody drop down to the floor below . wooody {loud whisper ) alright . buzz ! hey ! I be out ! buzz do not hear Woody and continue to shove the toolbox ( and milkcrate ) farther out . buzz -.. almost ( grunt ) ... there ( grunt ) ... Woody look up just in time to see the entire toolbox and milkcrate topple towards he . woody {nervous laugh ) the toolbox crash right on top of Woody . buzz fall onto the desktop and glance over to sid , who stir ... sid {in he sleep ) I wanna ride the pony ... sid do not wake . buzz heave a sigh of relief , then peer over the edge of the workbench . buzz Woody ! Woody ?! be you alright ?! Woody lift himself out from under the rubble . woody ( punch -drunk ) no , I be fine ... I be okay ... sfx : alarm clock it go off by sid 's bed . Woody drop back under the toolbox and buzz go limp . sid groggily sit up for a beat , then he eye light up . sid oh , yeah ! time for lift-off ! sid jump out of bed , grab buzz and bolt out of the room . sid ( 0.s. ) to infinity and beyond ! ! Woody leap to he foot , run across the room , and catch the door just before it close . as he swing the door back open Woody be confront by ... scuud the dog barrel down the hallway straight for Woody . woody aaah ! back ! back ! down ! down ! Woody slam the door shut just in time . scud bark and scratch at the door . woody ( out of breath ; to himself ) okay , what do I do ? come on Woody , think ! Woody look across the room . the mutant toy have appear all around the room . woody guy ! the mutant toy all scatter and hide . - 100 - woody no , no , no ! wait ! wait ! listen ! please ! there 's a good toy down there and he 's -- he 's go to be blow to bit in a few minute all because of I . I have gotta save he ! ( pause ) -- but I need you help . no response . Woody then notice babyface timidly peek out of the shadow from under the bed . woody please . he 's my friend . he 's the only one I have get . babyface crawl out and bang in code on the side of sid 's metal bedpost . the mutant toy emerge from the shadow , and gather around Woody . he kneel down into a huddle with they . woody ( to babyface ) thank you . ( to the other ) okay . I think I know what to do . we be go to have to break a few rule , but if it work , it 'il help everybody . int . andy 's bedroom the mover cart out the last load . a forlorn Andy clutches onto buzz 's '' spaceship '' box in one hand and he cowboy hat in the other . Andy scan the empty room and heave a sad sigh . ext . backyard shed sid come out of the shed carry a bunch of material under he arm . sid ( as astronaut ) Houston to Mission Control . come in , Control . he drop the junk down beside a inanimate buzz . - 101 - sid ( continue ) Launch pad be be construct ! heh -heh . side upstair hallway scud be plant right outside sid 's bedroom door , poise to attack anything that exit . int . sid ’'s room - continuous Woody have create a little diagram of the house and yard out of domino and scrabble tile . he point to it with a pencil as he address the mutant . woody all right , listen up . I need Pump Boy here -- ducky here . leg ? legs , the toy fishing rod with fashion doll leg , step forward from the crowd . woody ( continue ; to leg ) you be with ducky . ( to the other ) roller Bob and I do not move till we get the signal . clear ? the mutant all give a affirmative nod . woody okay , let 's move ! the toy all break . leg and ducky , a duck head pez dispenser with baby doll torso and plunger base , rush over to a heating grate and pull the face plate off the wall . they disappear into the heating duct . int . HEATING duct - continuous ducky and leg come to a intersection . ducky quack and they head down the right tunnel . int . sid ’'s room - 10 ? - hand -in - the - BOX , the rubber hand in the jack-in- the -box , stack on top of several mutant toy to reach the doorknob of the bedroom door . Woody hop onto rollerbob , a skateboard with a soldier 's upper torso tie to its front . woody wind the frog ! walking car , a hot wheel car with baby arm , begin wind up the frog , a tin wind - up frog with monster truck wheel instead of leg . int . sid 's house / porch attic a bottom of wall insulation be push aside to reveal ducky and leg . they make they way towards a junction box sit in the center of the floor . ducky and leg lift the loose junction box . ext . sid 's house / front porch - continuous the broken porch light suddenly lift upward and disappear into the roof . ducky extend he pez neck out of the hole to check that the coast be clear . int . sid 's room all the toy have manned they position and wait silently , they eye fix on Woody . woody wait for the signal . int . porch attic ducky take the end of the line off leg 's fishing reel , hook it onto himself , and be then lower down through the open hole . ext . front porch - continuous hanging halfway down the front door , ducky begin to swing . eventually he swing far enough to reach he destination : the doorbell . ducky press it . - 103 - sfx - doorbell int . sid be room Woody throw he arm down . woody get ! hand-in-the - box throw open the door and the frog be let loose . the frog zip through scud 's leg and down the hallway . scud chase after it and follow it down the stair . sfx - doorbell hannah ( 0.s. ) I will get it ! Woody help the rest of the mutant toy onto the skateboard . woody alright , let 's go . use he front arm , rollerbob propel the skateboard and crew out into the hallway . int . sid ‘s house / entry way sfx - doorbell Hannah walk to the front door ... hannah I be come ! I be come ! and open it . ext. / int . front doorway - continuous nobody 's there . Hannah do not notice ducky stick to the porch floor by he plunger . the frog zoom down the stair with scud barking right behind . the frog leap off the last step , speed through Hannah 's leg and out the open front door . - 104 - Hannah look back inside at scud . in that moment , ducky catch the frog and be quickly reele upwards back into the roof . scud burst through Hannah 's leg , knock she over , and run out onto the empty porch . hannah ( annoyed ) SCUD !!! scud suddenly realize he 's be dupe , but before he can get back inside , Hannah slam the front door shut . hannah stupid dog . scud smashes into the close door and begin barking furiously . as Hannah storm off into another room she do not notice Woody and the mutant zipping off the stair and round the corner , head straight into the kitchen . int . kitchen ~ continuous by now roller Bob have really pick up speed . he shoot underneath the kitchen table , through the maze of chair leg , straight towards ... fhe pet door woody lean back ! the mutant all push back cause the rollerbob to do a wheelie . they smash through the doggie door ... ext . sid 's backyard - continuous and catapult into the bush . the toy peek out from the bush to see buzz strapped to the launchpad . sid be still in the toolsh . - 105 - sid ( o.s. ; as astronaut ) uh , Mission Control ... be the launchpad construction complete ? -- ( simulate static ) uh , Roger , rocket be now secure to guide wire . we be currently obtain the ... ignition stick . countdown will commence momentarily . stand by -- ( simulate static ) ducky , leg , and the frog shoot out into the yard from a drain pipe . they exchange a thumb - up with Woody . woody ( to toy in the bush ) let 's go ! the mutant disperse to they designate place in the yard . sid ( 0.s. ) hey , Mom ?! where be the match ? oh , oh , wait , here they be . nevermind ... Woody run towards buzz , who spot Woody approach . buzz ( loud whisper ) Woody ?! great ! help I out of this thing ! Woody stop a few foot away from buzz . woody shhhhhhh ! buzz what ?! woody ( loud whisper ) it 's ok . everything 's under control . Woody deliberately fall down limp on the grass . buzz Woody ?! what be you do ?! - 10@- sid emerge from the tool shed . buzz freeze . sid ( as astronaut ) Houston , all system be go . requesting permission to launch -- ( spot Woody ) hey ! how would you get out here ? sid pick up Woody , examine he for a beat and then smile . sid oh , well , you and I can have a cookout later . ha-ha-ha ... . he stick a match prominently in Woody 's holster and toss he onto the grill of a open barbecue . sid ( as astronaut ) Houston , do we have permission to launch ? -- ( simulate static ) uh , Roger , permission grant . you be confirm at T minus 10 second ... during sid 's countdown , all the mutant scurry into they final position . sid light a match . sid ( continue ) ... and count . ten! nine ! eight ! Seven ! six ! five ! four ! Three ! two !... one !... sid grin menacingly as the match move towards the fuse . woody ( voice BOX ) reach for the sky !! sid huh ? sid pull back from lighting the fuse . he turn to look at Woody still lie lifelessly atop the barbecue except for the sound emit from he voice box . - 107 - woody ( voice BOX ) this town be not big enough for the two of we ! sid what ?! sid walk over to Woody and pick he up . woody ( voice BOX ) somebody 's poison the water hole ... sid it 's bust . he raise Woody up , about to throw he away -- woody ( voice BOX ) who be you callin’ bust , buster ?! sid stop short and look at Woody again . woody ( voice BOX ) ( continue ) that 's right . I be talk to you , sid Phillips . we do not like be blow up , sid , or smashed , or rip apart ... while Woody 's voice box talk , sid check the pullstring . it be not move . sid gulp . sid w-w-w-we ? woody ( voice BOX ) that 's right . ( beat ) you toy . the remain of break toy in the yard , lead by the bedroom mutant , begin rise from the ground in '' night of the live dead '' fashion . the toy march forward , form a circle around sid . sid be too frighten to scream or move . - 108 - woody ( voice BOX ) from now on , you must take good care of you toy . because if you do not , we will find out , sid . we toy can see ... Woody 's inanimate head rotate 360 degree . woody ( voice BOX ) ( continue ) everything . for a split second Woody 's face come to life . woody ( regular voice ) so play nice . sid drop Woody and bolt inside the house . sid aaaaaaagggggghhhhhh !!!!! Woody and all the toy cheer victoriously . int . side entryway Hannah have just come downstairs carry a new doll when sid rush up to she . sid the toy ! the toy be alive ! sid eye Hannah 's doll and pat it gently on the head . sid ( continue ) n- n- Nice dolly ... Hannah , sense sid 's fear , suddenly thrust the doll in sid 's face . he scream and run upstairs . Hannah chase after he , taunting . hannae what 's wrong , sid ?! do not you want to play with Sally ?! ext : sid 's backyard the toy be all congratulate one another . - 109 - woody Nice work , fella . good job . comin 's out of the ground -- what a touch ! that be a stroke of genius . buzz Woody ! Woody turn around and look at buzz , who 's still affix to sid 's launchpad . buzz extend he hand to Woody . buzz thanks . they shake . sfx : van horn honking mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) everybody say , '' ' bye , house . '' andy ( 0.s. ) ( depressed ) bye , house . buzz and Woody look in the direction of Andy 's house . angle : andy 's driveway - the family van through the fence , Andy and he family can be see get into the van . buzz Woody ! the van ! Woody quickly hoist buzz off the pole he be tie to . woody ( to mutant toy ) we gotta run ! thanks , guy . with the rocket still tape to buzz , the two toy sprint towards the fence . sfx : van engine starting woody Quick ! Woody easily slip through the slat in the fence , but buzz 's rocket cause he to become stick . - 11e - ext . andy 's driveway - continuous Woody have climb up on to the rear bumper of the van before realize that buzz be miss . he look back to discover buzz stick in the fence . buzz just go ! I x11 catch up ! Woody jump down and run back for buzz . the van begin pull out of the driveway . Woody tug on a loosen slat and break buzz free of the fence . the two toy run out into the street just in time to see the van drive off down the street . sfx : truck engine Woody and buzz turn around . the moving van drive right over they . Woody and buzz scream , ducking just in time . after the truck pass , buzz run after it with Woody a few step behind . . buzz come on ! angle : sid 's front porch scud be lie on the porch when he suddenly perk up at the sight of the two tiny toy run down the street after the move truck . scud bear he tooth and growls . ext . neighborhood STREET buzz run up close to the truck with Woody still back a few pace . a strap dangle off the back of the truck . buzz make . a leap for it and grab hold . he climb up the strap and onto the bumper . - 111 - Woody then lunge for the strap but it stay just out of reach . buzz you can do it , Woody . Woody give a mighty leap and catch hold of the strap . woody whew , I make it ! Woody begin climb up when suddenly buzz go pale . Woody look behind he to see ... scud the dog leap forward and bite down on one of Woody 's leg . woody ( kick scud with other foot} aaaaaahh !! get away , you stupid dog ! down ! down ! scud tug on Woody , pull he down to the end of the strap . buzz hold on , Woody ! woody I can not do it ! take care of Andy for I ! buzz no-0-0-0-0-0-0-!1! buzz leap off of the truck and onto scud snout . he grab scud 's eyelid and snap they hard . scud yelp , let go of Woody . the dog buck wildly with buzz hang onto he face . woody buzz ! the move truck continue down the street leave buzz and scud behind . still hang onto the strap , Woody scramble up onto the bumper . he unlock the back door of the truck and try to lift up the heavy door . - 112 - suddenly , the family van and move truck come to a stop at a traffic light .. Woody slam into the door , cause it to fly upward take Woody with it . hanging from the door , Woody scan the inside of the truck until he spot what he 's look for . a pile of moving box . with the word '' andy 's toy '' write on they in crayon . ext . neighborhood STREET scud fling buzz off he face . buzz go tumble under a park car . scud run over to the car , but be too big to get under it . int . back of moving truck Woody rip into one of Andy 's box . angle : inside of BOX all the toy wince and moan as they cover they eye from the sudden brightness . toy what ?! rex be we there already ? slinky Woody ?! how have you -- Woody 's response be to slide the box aside and begin rummage through the next box . slinky , potato head , rex and the other toy grumble in confusion as they poke they head up out of the first box . woody ah-hah ! there you be !! Woody pull the rc car and its remote out of the second box . potato head hey ! what 's he do ? - 113 - Woody run to the back of the truck and throw the rc car out onto the street . the other toy scream in horror . rex he 's at it again ! intercut - ext . STREET / int . rear of moving truck Woody turn on the remote and steer the rc car past scud and under the park car where buzz be hide . rc 's motor whirr happily at the sight of buzz . the traffic light turn green allow the van and truck to cross the intersection . mr . potato head ( point at Woody ) get he !!! all the toy pour out of they box and charge on Woody . woody ah-h !! ah -h ! no , no ! Woody continue to steer the remote while try to avoid the angry mob of toy . buzz jump on to the rc car and they zoom back towards the move truck . scud be right on they heel and be about to chomp down on buzz -- Rocky pick up Woody and spin he over he head . woody no , no , no ! wait ! ( as Rocky spin he ) whoa -whoa-whoa ... ! ~- the rc car suddenly swerve from scud 's jaw and start do doughnut ( match Woody 's ) in the middle of the street . - 114 - buzz ( spin ) whoa -whoa-whoa ... ! Rocky throw Woody to the floor . -- rc resume he course straight down the street with scud give close chase . hamm leap off a pile of box and onto Woody . hamm pig pile !! -- the rc car hop up in the air , toss buzz up and off . buzz manage to land back on rc , but face backwards . angle : traffic light it change red again and the wall of cross traffic resume . buzz and the rc car drive straight into it . scud blindly follow they into the traffic and skid to a halt just miss a car . the car swerve and crash into another car . soon there be a multi-car pile up that encircle scud , entrap the dog . buzz and the rc car emerge from the intersection safely cn the other side . int . back of the truck the mob of toy lift up Woody ( still hold the remote ) and head for the open back . woody no wait ! you do not understand ! buzz be out there ! we have gotta help he ! ! mr . potato head toss ' im overboard ! woody no , no , no , wait ! the toy toss he out into the road . as the truck drive off the toy cheer . mr. potato head so long Woody ! ext . STREET - continuous sfx : car horn Woody turn around and duck just in time as a car pass over he . shaken , Woody try to get up again when ... buzz & rc come barrel towards he . buzz who-o-o-oa ! Woody ! the rc car sweep up Woody and keep drive . Woody find himself sit in front of buzz ( still hold the remote . ) woody well , thanks for the ride . buzz ( point ahead ) look out !! the toy be about to slam into the rear tire of the car that have pass over Woody earlier . Woody scream and give the steering wheel on the remote a hard leave , miss the tire by inch . the rc car move up under the car . woody now let 's catch up to that truck ! angle : rc remote Woody flick a switch from '' on '' to '' turbo * '. the rc car speed up towards the move truck . int . back of the moving truck the toy be busy congratulating one another when lenny , the wind - up binocular , glance out the back and spot buzz & Woody . - 116 - lenny guy ! guy ! Woody 's riding rc ! and buzz be with he ! toy what ?!!! the toy rush to the edge of the open truck . bo pick up lenny and look through he . angle : binocular view of buzz & woody bo peep it be buzz ! Woody be tell the truth ! slinky what have we do ?! rex great . now I have guilt . ext . STREET / back of the moving truck the rc car begin to gain on the truck . woody we be almost there . bo peep Rocky ! the ramp ! Rocky , the wrestler doll , rush over to a lever on the side of the back . the sign above it read '' ramp : up / down '' . Rocky push down hard on the lever . the ramp begin to lower . Woody & buzz look up to see the ramp about to come down right on top of they . buzz look out !! the rc car pull back just before the heavy ramp slam into the road . spark fly everywhere from the metal scraping the pavement . slinky ( to other toy ) Quick ! hold on to my tail ! potato head and rex grab on to slinky 's tail allow - 117 - slinky 's front end to jump off the truck and onto the ramp . slinky lean forward with he paw outstretch to Woody . Woody hand the remote to buzz and lean forward to grab slinky 's hand . angle : woody & slinky 's hand they grab hold of one another . mr . potato head that a boy , slink !! all of a sudden , the rc car begin to slow down pull slinky 's front end off the ramp . slinky Woody ! ! his slinky middle begin to stretch and stretch ... slinky Woody ! speed up ! woody ( to buzz ) speed up ! buzz the battery ! they be run out ! rc 's headlight eye sag . the car slow even more . as slinky continue stretch . the rc car begin to weave side - to-side like a water skier . '' slinky whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! int . family van with Mom and Andy preoccupy , baby Molly look in she sideview mirror . angle : passenger side mirror the rc car ( with Woody and buzz ) weave into view and then back out . Molly squeal with delight . ext . STREET / back of moving truck 118 - with slinky 's mid-section stretch to the limit , he begin to lose he grip on Woody . slinky I can not hold on much longer ! woody slink 's ! hang on ! slinky 's hand slip , send he front shoot back into the move truck and knock over all the toy . the rc car sputter to a stop . Woody and buzz watch in vain as the family van and move truck disappear . buzz toss the remote to the ground in frustration . woody ( sarcastic ) great ! beat buzz Woody ! the rocket ! woody the match ! Woody pull out the match from he holster that sid have put there earlier . woody ( continue ) yes ! thank you , sid ! Woody run around behind buzz , strike the match against rc 's back tire , and be about to light the fuse when ... a car whizze right over they , blow out the match . Woody clenches the burnt match in he hand and fall prostrate to the ground . woody no-o-o ! no-no-no-no ! no-o-o! unable to watch a cowboy cry , buzz bow he head , cause he helmet to block the sun from Woody . as buzz 's shadow . pass over he , Woody stop whimper and look at he hand . a white hot dot like the one generate from sid 's magnify glass , appear on the back of Woody 's hand . Woody leap up , grab buzz 's helmet and align it so the white dot hit the tip of he fuse . buzz Woody ?! what be you do ? woody hold still , buzz ! the fuse light . woody ha-ha !! buzz you do it ! next stop . Andy . Woody jump back onto the car then suddenly stop smile . woody wait a minute ... I just light a rocket . rocket explo -- sfx : rocket explosion the rc car rocket forward . speed along the divide line in the road , it easily pass car after car until the move truck can be see on the horizon . ext . back of moving truck the toy be gather around slinky , he spring splay out on the floor . slinky I shoulda hold on longer . lenny look out the back again . ~ 120 - lenny look ! look ! it 's Woody and buzz ! comin 's up fast ! the toy run to the open and cheer . angle : buzz and woody the rocket be so strong that it begin to lift buzz and Woody off the rc car . Woody manage to continue hold onto rc -- but not for long . the toy cheering turn to scream as they rush to get out of the way of the oncoming '' rc rocket 's . rex take cover ! ! Woody be force to let go of the rc car . they separate , send the two toy upward and rc into the back of the truck . rc smashes into potato head , send all of he part fly . ext . sky - buzz and woody the rocket hurtle upward higher and higher . woody ahhh !! this be the part where we blow up ! buzz not today ! buzz confidently press the button on he chest . wing jut out of buzz , sever the tape that hold he to rocket . the toy separate from the rocket just before it blows up . the toy plummet . woody ( cover he eye ) ah-h-h-h-h !! - 121 - just then buzz bank under some power line and soar upward again . Woody take a peek . they be fly . woody hey , buzz !! you be fly !! buzz this be not fly . this be fall -- with style ! woody ha ha !! to infinity and Beyond ! ! they soar gracefully towards the move truck , but then pass over it . woody uh , buzz ?! we miss the truck ! buzz we nre not aim for the truck ! angle : family van buzz & Woody fly right over the van 's sun roof and then drop into the car . int . family van - continuous before anyone can notice , Woody & buzz land in a open box in the back seat right next to Andy . Andy turn to discover the limp buzz and Woody lie in the box . andy hey ! wow ! mrs. davis what ? what be it ? andy ( pick up the toy ) Woody ! buzz ! mrs. davis oh , great , you find they . where be they ? - 122 - andy here ! in the car ! mrs . davis see ? now , what do I tell you ? right where you leave they . Andy hug both toy . close up - woody and buzz they give each other a know wink . dissolve to : ext . andy 's new house - christmas morning - live room BAY window through the gently fall snow , the Davis family can be see around the Christmas tree unwrap present . andy which one can I open first ? mrs . davis let 's let Molly open one . int . andy'' new house / live room - christmas tree one of the Christmas bulb move aside to reveal ... the sargent the plastic green soldier spy on the Davis family with he binocular . he turn and motion back into the tree , int . christmas tree a baby monitor sit wedge between some branch support by several green army man . one of the soldier turn it on . int . - andy 's new bedroom the receive end of the monitor be atop Andy 's night stand . it crackle with static . sargent ( 0.s. ; over the monitor ) frankincense this be myrrh . come in , frankincense . ~ 123 - buzz sit on the edge of Andy 's bed while hamm rest on the nightstand alongside the monitor . they listen intently . hamm ( to the room ) hey , head up everybody ! it 's showtime . Woody and the rest of the toy be mingling together like a typical office Christmas party . rex oh ! it 's time ! the toy all stop and run towards the monitor . Woody be about to follow when a crook pull he backwards to reveal ... bo peep woody whoooooah ! oh ! bo! ( rub he neck ) there 's gotta be a less painful way to get my attention . bo peep merry Christmas , sheriff . she smile and point she crook upwards to she sheep perch on a shelf dangle mistletoe . woody say , be not that mistletoe ? bo peep mm-hmmmmm . bo drop she crook , dip Woody and kiss he . the rest of the toy have congregate below the monitor restless with '' excitement '' not fear . rex ( to slinky ) maybe Andy x11 get another dinosaur , like a leaf -eater . that way , I could play the , uh , dominant ' predator . ha ha ha ! 124 - slinky laugh with rex . buzz quiet everyone , quiet !. sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) Molly 's first present i- i- be ... Mrs. potato head . repeat . a Mrs. potato head . hamm Way to go , Idaho ! all the toy congratulate potato head . potato head gee , I better shave . potato head whip off he moustache piece . Woody climb up onto the bed and join buzz . lipstick now cover Woody 's face . sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) come in , frankincense . Andy be now open he first present -- ( static ) buzz bang on the side of the monitor . nothing . woody buzz. buzz lightyear . you be not worried , be you ? sargent ( 0.s. ; over monitor ) I can not quite make out -- ( static ) buzz ( defensively ) me? no , no , no , no ... ( beat ) be you ? woody ( laugh ) now buzz , what could Andy possibly get that be worse than you ?! we truck out through the window to the ext . as we hear ... andy ( 0.s. ) oh , what be it ? what be it ? - 125 - sfx : barking andy ( 0.s. ) wow ! a puppy ! we zoom back through the window to a close up of buzz and Woody . they look at one another with a half -smile , half - grimace and laugh weakly . fade out . the_end - 126 -