tom hank tim allen toy story U screenplay by Doug chamberlin & Chris webb first draft December 20 , 1996 begin title over : a futuristic city on a distant planet . a kidnapped space princess be tie up helplessly on a giant venus fly trap . we Pov hurry toward the princess , jump barrier and swinging on rope through the sci-fi set , until ... emperor zurg ( very tinny ) prepare to die , buzz lightyear ! emperor zurg leap into frame , brandish he ion blaster gun . widen to reveal int . andy 's room - morning it 's a video game on a tv screen . the image loom above we like a imax movie , but down at the very bottom we see the small silhouette of buzz lightyear sit in front of the tv , play the game . buzz hold a huge joystick . buzz start shoot back . two more silhouettes shape like rex and hamm hurry in front of the tv . hamm uh-oh , that pesky Zurg character . use you time warp cannon ! rex really ? JI would use my terillium shield . buzz ( proudly ) i’1l de -moleculize he with my antimatter phaser . hamm try to grab the joystick . hamm no! buzz lightyear would not do that . buzz I a buzz lightyear ! Zurg start firing the blaster at we . rex shake buzz . rex he 's attack . buzz , do something ! buzz ( call o.s . ) Woody , tell this guy I know what I be do . pan over to reveal Woody stand on the shelf next to the tv. on he doodle pad , Woody have draw a makeshift calendar , with a few day leave to go until the day mark , " camp over - andy back ! " Woody cross off another day , prop the pad against a book so the room can see it . woody guy , next time I be strand on a alien planet , there 's no one I ’da rather have lead the rescue party than buzz lightyear ... as Woody speak , he see something through Andy 's window . for a split second Mrs. Davis walk by carry a few item , include what might have be a " garage sale " sign -- she 's go before Woody can tell . Woody mouth the word " garage sale ? " there 's a hammering noise outside . Woody look worried . he scope out the room ; across the room be the window , and a dresser in front of it . in b.g. we hear a casio winning fanfare . rex ( 0.s. ) High score ! you do it , buzz ! hamm ( 0.s. ) Way to go , Super buzzio ! wwoody ( to other toy o.s . ) see you later , guy . gotta check something out . Woody hop down to the floor and start head for the window . slinky approach . in b.g. other toy play rambunctiously . slinky howdy , Woody ! Andy come home today ? - . woody Three more day , slinky : hey slink , checker at four o'clock ? slinky look up nervously . . slinky where ? where ? woody ( laugh ) good one , slink . Woody walk away ; slinky continue to look around nervously . Woody salute as he approach sarge , who lead the alien as they try to march in place . the alien squeak out of unison . sarge Hut , hut , hut ! let 's move it ! woody lookin 's good , sarge . the few , the proud ... the alien ! ( he laugh at he own joke ) hey sarge , where 's the regular army ? sarge Sir , the man be on leave , Sir ! sarge motion to see ' N say . the GREEN army men ( in hawaiian shirt ) be gather around , use see ' N say as a roulette wheel and cheering . woody great , sarge . keep that morale up . Woody walk by rex , who 's hold mike 's mike , read from a book to a group of little tyke . as rex read , he get more carry away , shouting more passionately with every word . rex '' see Dick ! see Dick run ! " oh no ! '' run , Dick , run ! " I can not go any further ! the suspense be kill I ! ( see Woody ) Woody ! Care to join we for a book discussion group ? woody later , rex . I have get some business to check on ... rex and Woody be distract by a loud kissing noise . woo dy ( smile ) uh oh , turn you head , Little tyke . they be at it again ! Woody look toward a doll house . mr. and mrs . potato head stand in the side " yard , " smooching like two lovebird . potato head ( syrupy -sweet voice ) aww , who 's my widdle tater tot ? mrs . potato head ooh , you be my itty bitty wave spud . Woody get a silly grin , then continue on . '' hold on doll house Mr. and Mrs. potato head finish kissing . his lip be stick to hers . he pull they off and reattach they . hamn approach . hamm hey , spudhead , feel like catch the rock ’em sock ’em robot fight ? potato head not today , hamm . get to finish the deck . Mr. potate head put a couple of lego on the deck . hamm oh I get it . missis do not want you go out . potato head hey , I wear the skin in the family ! hamm really ? howabout tomorrow then ? potato head sorry . Building the wife a redwood hot tub . he point to a can of lincoln log . hamm shrug , exit . as he leave ... hamm ( under breath ) man , that be one whipped potatoe , angle on the top of andy 's dresser Woody climb onto the top . he start to peer out the window , but bo peep pull he back with she crook . woody bo ? why have you do that ? ) bo peep so I could do this . she lean Woody back out of frame to kiss he . as Woody 's leg rise up into frame , we see a thread in he pants catch on a loose screw on the dresser . the thread rip , but Woody 's too distract to notice . bo peep that 's for do such a good job keep the toy happy while Andy 's be away . woo dy ( daze ) howuzzah ... ishkabibble ... bo peep if you need not , sheriff , you know what to do . just give I a ring . she suggestively remove a ring from the ring toss pole , and roll it to Woody 's foot . Woody stare stupidly at the ring , then snap out he daze and turn around to look cut the window . he see Mrs. Davis hammer a sign into the ground . the sign read " garage sale . " woody ( sigh ) great ... this be the last thing the toy need . rex ( 0.s. ) hey Woody ! Woody turn around , see rex be come . Woody panic and yank Andy 's window shade down , cover : the window . Woody stand there , strain to hold the shade down , try to look nonchalant . rex could you hand I " the pokey Little puppy ? " the Little tyke be demand something more sophisticated . laying on the dresser be the book , " the pokey Little puppy . " Woody stretch to reach the book with he hand , while hold the shade down by place he foot on the shade 's pullring . he hand rex the book , smile nervously . rex Woody ? be you hide something behind that shade ? woody me? what ? never ! why , who ever hear of anything so ... thwipp -p-p ! the shade pull up , yanking Woody up with a flap flap flap . the other toy in the room stop play and watch as Woody land in a heap on the bed . he jump up , compose himself . woody not a problem ! I be fine ! keep on play ! rex examine the window . rex why Woody , there 's nothing back here to hide at all . I do not see anything except for a sign that say ... garage sale ! hamm garage sale ?! slinky garage sale ! panic break out . the Little tyke hop in the toy chest and slam the lid . the sheep hide under bo peep 's skirt . Mrs. potato head run into she doll house and shut all the window . Woody hop down to the floor . woody everyone , calm down . it 's just a garage sale ... potato head garage sale ? that 's worse than be give to the puppy ! : woody come on , there 's no need to worry . rex stranger poke and prodding at my soft underbelly = -- how humiliate ! woody rex ! no one be go to get poke ! hamm sure , sell the kid 's toy when he 's away at camp ! he will be in therapy for life ! woody . everyone , quiet ! ( the toy settle down ) relax . none of we be go to the garage sale . Mom would not sell any of we with Andy away at camp ! besides , garage sale be only for old toy . potato head woedy 's right . we should not be worried . he should ! he 's the oldest toy around here . Woody 's practically a antique ! woody oh , I be pot a antique ! as Woody gesture to make he point , the rip stitch pop . Woody look down , see some stuff be come out of he pants . Woody try to pants . rex do not worry , Woody . just because you be fall apart , that do not change how much we love you . woody hey , I be not fall apart ! I have just be ... heavily love . act cool as he kick the stuff back in he hamm hmm , fiberurethane . now that 's quality plush fill . course it 's be ban since the seventies ... . woody alright ! now if you will excuse I , I be go out for a little rest , relaxation ... ( stuff come out again ) ++- and restuffing . : Woody climb onto Andy 's bed . he hop up and sit on the windowsill , he foot dangle out the open window over the garage roof . Woody stew as he shove the stuff back in . woopy ( mutter as he restuff ) antique ! we will see who 's fall apart . just cause a fellah loose a little bit of he inside ... I be just more " mature , " that 's all ... Woody stare out the window over the suburban landscape , everything be quiet , except the pleasant chirp of bird . Woody take a deep breath , relax . he hop down onto the top of the garage roof . ext . garage roof - continuous Woody stand on a shingle , stretch he leg . woody ahhh . finally a little peace and quiet . nothing to bother I up here on the ... as Woody shift he weight , the shingle he 's stand on crack and start to slip . wwoody +.- whoa ... whaaah !... the shingle slip leose and Woody slide down the roof slope as if he be on a toboggan . he try to stop the shingle with he boot , but to no avail . int . andy 's room - continuous Andy 's toy see Woody slide down the roof . they stop they play and run up to the window sill , concerned . ext . driveway = continuous Woody plummet off the garage roof and whump ! , land in a cardboard box on a table . the box be full of junk . Woody stumble to he foot , a lampshade perch on he head . int . andy 's room + continuous the toy laugh . ext . driveway = continuous woedy look up , see the toy laugh at he in Andy 's window . he throw the shade down , cross he arm , stand there fume . just then a ominous shadow approach from behind . Woody go limp , fall back into the box . a man 's stubby hand reach down and grab Woody . the man hold Woody to he face and examine hin . int . andy 's room ~ continuous the toy stop laugh . they gasp . ext . driveway - continuous the man squeal with delight . the man a Woody ! a genuine 1958 Woody with original hat ! he calm himself , then pick up other item and carry they to Mrs. Davis . the man ( fake nonchalant ) I want this clock radio , this Abba eight - track and er ... this junky , worthless , old , cowboy thingy . ( weasely grin ) mrs . davis Woody ? what 's he do down here ? he 's not for sale . . she take Woody out of the man 's hand . the man come on , it 's a garage sale , lady . I find that thing fair and square . it 's not for I . I want it for my poor bedrid son , er ... ( glance at " philco " radio ) phil . my son phil . mrs . davis sorry , that 's my boy 's favorite toy . I could not sell he . the man frown , eye Woody menacingly . ' he look around , see Andy 's old skateboard be under the table . at the end of the table be a floor lamp . he furtively push the skateboard with he foot . it roll into the lamp , knock it over with clatter . mrs . davis oh , what now ? 10 distract , Mrs. Davis put Woody on a chair by the cash box and walk over to pick up the lamp . the man grab Woody and scurries to he car . int . andy 's room = continuous the toy be in shock . potato head hey ! chubby 's steal we sheriff ! rex come back with Woody , you , you ... toynapper ! buzz grab lenny , look through . buzz 's Pov through binoculars the man jump into he car . as he speed off , buzz focus on the license plate : " lztybrn . " buzz ( v.0 . ) " l-2-t-y-ber -n ? " buzz shake he head , can not figure it out . the toy stand at the window sill , watch as the car drive out of sight . bo peep Woody ! CUT to : int . andy 's room = night all the toy ( except buzz ) be gather around one of Andy 's grawing of Woody . it 's a Woody wake . the Green Army Men line up in shoot formation . sarge Fire ! they pull they triggers for a twenty - one plastic gun salute . GREEN army men ( not in unison ) | - bang ! all of the toy hang they head as robot bang out " tap " on a playskool xylophone . the shriner tyke drive by in they little car ; one shriner leave the pack , form a " miss man " formation . 11 bo peep step up to the Woody draw . bo peep I think it have be nice if we each say a little something about what Woody mean to we . slinky step up . slinky I be not good at speech . but Woody ... I / 11 never play checker without thinkin’ how you always let I triple jump ya . ( look at draw ) _I / will miss ya , pal . Mr. potato head step up to the draw . potato head the man be a saint ! there be never a moment when I do not show the utmost respect for he ! ( tear up ) Excuse I . must have put on the wife 's eye on this morning by mistake ! Mr. potato head pull off he eye and replace they with Mrs. potato head 's . handkerchief . still in it . Mrs. potato head tear up , blow she nose with a when she pull the handkerchief away , she nose be rex step up to the draw . rex be carry rex for that who need it , I ’1ll be lead crisis counseling after the ceremony ... ( blubber ) Woody ! we never even get to say goodbye ! away with emotion . he run off hysterical . hamm guess today 's crisis session be cancel . 12 bo peep buzz , any thought to share about Woody ?... buzz ? she notice buzz be not there . whip pan to : buzz pace back and forth in front of etch , deep in think . written on etch 's screen be the giant letter : lztybrn . buzz stare at the screen , scratch he chin . buzz try the " 1 - z " combination . reveal buzz be talk to Mr. spell . mr. spell lazy toy Brain ... lousy tie , bernie ... Lou 's thigh burn ... lance to you Brain ... buzz blast ! this be go in circle . buzz slump in frustration . mr. spell ( 0.s. ) Al ' 's tea burn ... Al ' 's toy barn ... buzz straighten up . his eye go wide . he spin around at mister spell . buzz Al 's toy barn ! mr . spell that be correct . back to wake buzz march by the wake , look ultra-determine , bo peep buzz , you be miss the service . where be you go ? buzz I be go to bring Woody home . . slinky from where ?! buzz point to Mr. spell . his screen still read " Al 's toy barn . " buzz Al an toy barn . the man who steal Woody be Al ! all toy what ?! hamm Al ' 's toy barn ? the fat guy from ) the tv commercial ? potato head ( make crazy gesture ) someone 's be sit too close to the video game ! buzz , Woody save my life once -- and he 's too young to be toss into the toybox just yet . buzz start toward Andy 's window . slinky I neither ! take I with ya , buzz ! rex I too ! I want to rescue Woody ! buzz alright . we will begin we mission in five minute . with any luck we will be home tomorrow morning . hamm look to Mr. potato head . hamm up for a road trip , spudhead ? potato head I ? and leave my little french fry ? mrs . potato head you should go , sweet potato . if | you want to make I happy ... bring for Woody back home . '' ~~ hamm yeah , " sweet potato . " 14 potato head alright then . ( attaches he moustache ) a spud 's gotta do what a spud an gotta do . ext . window / garage roof - continuous the toy slip out of Andy 's window and hop down to the roof . buzz lead the toy to the top of a ivy trellis . buzz grab on . bo peep ( 0.s. ) buzz , wait ! bo peep run onto the roof , lean down and give buzz a kiss . buzz be stone face . bo peep that 's for Woody when you see he . buzz I 'il pass it on ... but I doubt he 'il enjoy it come from I . buzz look out at the suburban landscape . houselight twinkle . buzz to Al 's toy barn ... and beyond ! buzz lead the toy down the ivy trellis as we ... dissolve to : a impose high - rise apartment building in a large city . the '' lztybrn " car park in front of the high-rise . Al step out , carry Woody . he enter a outdoor elevator . int . al 's apartment - front room ~ moment later it 's a penthouse decorate with frame cover of business magazine feature Al 's picture , a collection of pez dispenser , and a wall of frame photo ... all of various toy . Al enter , carry Woody . he whistle and try to act nonchalant , which only make he appear suspicious . as soon as he close the door behind hin ... al yes ! yes ! yessss ! a genuine first edition Woody ! Al do a little victory dance around the apartment . ) ew rno 15 Al stop dance and stare at Woody lovingly . al at last ! the mother lode ! {ala conga ) Woody , Woody , woo -dee ! Al dance into another room . int . al nos apartment - work room - continuous Woody be carry across the room , rimmed with floor - to - ceiling shelf full of box . the box have label such as " Captain platypus , " " dinky doodle 's playhouse , " and " rococco the ciown . " Woody be carry toward a workbench . protrude from the bench be a big clamp . al put Woody on the workbench and clamp he head into a fix position . woody 's Pov operate room style light blare down from overhead . Al stare down into Woody 's eye . Al hold up a q-tip , then dip it ina jar bear a skull and crossbone and label : " danger : corrosive ! " Al grin and slowly lower the drip q-tip right into Woody 's eye . the q-tip squeak as grime be painstakingly rubbed off of Woody 's eye . next Al hold up a whirring buffing wheel . then he apply the buffing wheel to Woody 's face . finally Al put down the buffer and hold up a gleam metal dentist 's hook . he dip the hook a test tube of liquid plastic bubbling over a bunsen burner . a drop of molten plastic dangle from the instrument . Al apply it menacingly to Woody 's forehead . angle on woody we see that Al be repair the burn indentation in Woody 's forehead . Woody leok brand new , shiny as a wax apple . Al stand up , admire Woody . he go to the shelf and pull off mark " Woody 's roundup . " Al carry Woody and the box into ... 16 int . al ‘s apartment = display room - continuous Al enter , place three toy from the box --a horse , and old prospector doll , and a cactus -- along with Woody , on cushy display pillow . he exit . widen to reveal this be a spartan , pristine room full of polished glass display . Woody frantically look around for a exit . srta . cactus ( whisper to prospector ) it 's Woody ! someone introduce I . how 's my sheen ? be I shiny enough ? prospector ( country club accent ) you look positively near mint ! srta . cactus {similar accent ) hey , I be mint ! you be the one who 's near mint ! prospector pish posh ! so I have be touch by human hand ! at least I still have my original box ! Woody happen to look in they direction . prospector Woody , old bean ! srta . cactus welcome to the club , sport . bullseye ( the horse ) ( down home accent ) put ’er there , pal ! bullseye hold out a hoof for Woody to shake . Woody stare at they in shock . woody I be outta here . Woody turn and bolt . prospector ( to bullseye ) : now you have do it ! you have scared he away with you non-mint hoof ! 17 Woody run for the door , slip around on the super- polished floor . Woody try the door ; it 's shut tight . woody come on , guy , help I get outta here ? : prospector get out ? whatever for ? Woody run to the window , start try to open it . it will not budge . then Woody look out the window and be terrify by what he see : a huge expanse of city twenty storey below . Andy 's house be nowhere in sight . woody {practically cry ) Andy ! Andy ! prospector who 's this Andy chap ? srta . cactus perhaps he be Woody 's former collector . woody he 's the kid who play with I . prospector Plays with ? ghastly ! woody what 's " ghastly " about it ? I ‘ma toy just like you . prospector a toy ? watch you language ! srta . cactus we be not " toy . " we prefer to be think of as " colleclecle . " . wooby uh huh . and I prefer to think of you as '' loony . " bullseye fellan , I do not think he know . he 's a collector 's item . year '' my 18 srta . cactus ( realize ) oh of course ! he 's be play with -- corrupt by a kid ! they hop down from the display , walk over to Woody . prospector now see here , Woody . this escape fiddle faddle have get to stop now . srta . cactus let 's get one thing clear . y you be not go to be play with any more . prospector you be a collector 's item now . you have graduate to a whole new plane of toy existence . woody right . and you have graduate from " loony " to " total nutcase . " Woody start to walk away . the prospector grab Woody by the shoulder , turn Woody around . prospector Old boy , do you know how long we have be wait for you ?! you be the centerpiece of the " Woody 's roundup '' collection ! look . woody 's Pov - scanning the display a lunchbox with Woody 's face on it . a old lp with Woody 's face on the sleeve . a board game box with Woody and bullseye on it , etc . . tower over the display be a massive antique poster advertising a fifty tv kid show . the poster depict Woody riding on bullseye , with the prospector and senorita cactus stand nearby . the poster read " dumont Network present ... Woody 's roundup . " : . srta . cactus congratulation , boy . you be a star ! prospector you be not a toy anymore . you be one of we now . 19 woody ( overwhelm gurgle ) harrrghumph ... Woody faint , fall on he face . srta . cactus he scuff he sheen ! prospector get the buffer ! CUT to : montage to follow - en route to al ‘s toy barn buzz lead the toy on a trek to Al 's toy barn . through a series of mishap and bad decision , one by one the toy lose faith in buzz , until at last buzz lose faith in himself . buzz wonder why he ever think a mere toy could journey across town . CUT to : int . al 's apartment - display room - day Woody be lie on the floor , he arm stretch under the door . . he 's tie he belt and bandanna into a lasso . he slip he arm under the door , and grunt as he try to lasso the doorknob overhead . with each fail attempt , Woody get more and more downhearted . bullseye come over , start nonchalantly toss he horseshoe . bullseye ( covert code ) so ... I see we have ... similar interest . Woody miss with the lasso again . woody similar ?! I be not some " collectible " who hate be a toy . I be nothing like you ! bullseye ( look around ; the coast be clear ) you be everything like I . I like be a toy . I be play with . too , back in the fifty . Woody use he 20 woody what ? you ?... ( warm up ) sorry , put er there , pal ! free hand to shake with bullseye . bullseye yep , just like you , I be . the birdman of Al 's apartment . fifty four escape attempt at the window , hundred and twenty seven at the air vent , and ... ( proudly ) two hundred and eighty four attempt to lasso the doorknob like you be do . I have be here a long time , Woody , and if there 's one thing I have learn , it 's that ... Woody toss the lasso up to the doorknob . clicx . Woody brighten and pull hard on the door . it do not open , and wham ! Woody yank himself headfirst into the door . bullseye ++. that door 's deadbolt . woody ( deadpan ) thanks . bullseye Woody , do not be a darn fool . 1 spend year wishing I could break out , and all I get be a break heart . ( perk up ) besides , life here be not that bad . Al treat we well . prospector and senorita cactus ... they have get they good point ... woody what good point ?! bullseye ( think hard ) er ... they be very shiny ... the cactus be not that prickly ... the prospector have good diction ... ( defensive ) well , it could be worse ! I coula still be stick in that moldy box . for o~ 21 Woody sit down , despondent . he 's stare up at something . bullseye yep , the more I try to escape , the more I learn that you do not escape from Al 's . woody bullseye ... what do you know about that skylight up there ? bullseye I know ... that you have get some learnin’ to do . good luck , friend . bullseye smile at Woody , walk away . CUT to : ext . roadside - day Andy 's toy despondently trudge along . buzz drag behind . rex I can not take any more of this ! I / m allergic to failure ! ' potato head ( quote hamm sarcastically ) " up for a road trip , spudhead ? it ' will be a lot of laugh ... " the toy come upon a wide stretch of highway . Cars whoosh by on four lane . it look dangerous . slinky now what do we do , buzz ? potato head do not ask he . he get we into this whole mess . he 's blow everything . slinky quit pickin’ on buzz . he 's do the best he can ... I think . buzz - no , potato head 's right . T have no business try this . I do not even know where we be . maybe we should turn around ... ~ 22 rex look up . between the flow of car he see a shopping center across the street . in the middle be Al 's toy barn . rex Al 's toy barn ! Woody ! rex do not look both way , he just excitedly start run across the road . buzz rex , no ! the car barely miss rex as he get to the other side . buzz now do not any of you try ... slinky Road 's clear ! hamm , let 's go for it ! buzz watch potato head , hamm and slinky dash madly across the road . now buzz be strand on the side of the highway . he grit he tooth in frustration . from the other side of the road he hear ... slinky come on over ! potato head what be you wait for ? buzz start across the road . halfway there he look up and see a buick head straight for hin . buzz freeze , not know what to do . as the car whooshes by , its curb feeler knock buzz to the pavement . buzz stagger up , look at he leg . buzz whuh ?! . buzz be mortify to see the curb feeler 's scratch a scuff mark deep into he leg . he get up to move but a line of car whiz by in both direction . rex buzz ! ) ny 23 rex run back into the road , narrowly avoid the traffic . he grab buzz and drag he to the other side . slinky ya make it ! hamm Close call , there . you could have be a Space Ranger pancake . buzz ( to self ) Space Ranger ? I be just a toy ! what be I do out here ? rex ( be : toy barn ) buzz be right . what be we do out here ? Woody 's in there ! the toy wallah in celebration , and rush toward the superstore . buzz watch the toy run toward Al 's , but do not feel like celebrate . after a beat , he trudge toward Al 's toy barn , a defeat toy . cut to : int . al 's apartment - display room - later Woody have stack a bunch of " Woody 's roundup " paraphernalia - ~ lunchbox , board game , bookbag , thermi , book , etc --into a very rickety stack lead to the skylight . Woody be climb , carry a book , " Woody 's Book of phonic . " bullseye watch as Woody climb higher and higher . the prospector and senorita cactus be play chess , they back to Woody . they do not see the escape attempt . Woody reach the top . the skylight be right above he head . Woody place the book on top . now the stack reach right up to the skylight . : woody ( sotto , as he climb ) hah ! " no one 's ever escape Al an . " that be before Al mess with I ! Woody hop on top of the book , push against the skylight . it will not budge . 24 woody ( panicky ) no , no ... this can not be happen . Woody pound on the skylight . the stack start to quake . bullseye run for cover as the bottom fall out . the stack topple over with a crash , send Woody fly . the prospector and senorita cactus be startle . they look up from they game , see Woody staggering out of the pile in a daze . prospector not another escape attempt . how tedious . srta . cactus all say one thing for he , he 's get gut . ( pause ) I hate gut . prospector senorita , we nve get to find a way to break hin . srta . cactus break he ? he will be worth a lot less if we do that . prospector I mean he spirit . as long as he pine for ... ( nauseous ) '' be play with , " he 'il escape and it 's back to the box for sure . but I , oh prickly one , have a devilish idea ... Woody sit despondently on he pile of merchandise . woody who be I fool ? this be hopeless . ( to skylight ) so long , Andy . Woody put he head in he hand . the prospector and senorita cactus walk up behind he . prospector woodrow , old chum , be you still pine for that unsophisticate bauble ? 25 woody you mean my friend ? prospector Woody , old bean , that tasteless trinket obviously do not appreciate the value of a true antique like yourself ... woody do not call I that ! srta . cactus what ? antique ? why , you say that like it 's a bad thing ! the mona Lisa and ming vase be antique . people treasure then ! woody Andy treasure I . srta . cactus how quaint . that 's what bullseye think . prospector bullseye , why do not you tell Woody about when you be " play with ? " bullseye look away , embarrassed . prospector I know why . he 's too ashamed ! he have a little boy , just like you Danny fellow ... woody Andy . prospector «.- and you know what he do ? he throw we poor , poor bullseye away ! one day in 1959 , he dad bring home a hula hoop . the kid get hook ... and bullseye ... ( melodramatic ) be never play with again ! bullseye hang he head , slink away . : srta . cactus do not you say Danny , or whatever he name be ... have a... video game ? prospector oh my friend , it 's already over ! video game be the hula hoop of the ninety ! soon he will discover comic book , rock and roll , and finally ... senorita cactus bat she eyelash in a flirtatious way . mimic a kiss . srta . cactus you be already history , man ! woody ( despair ) I do not want to hear any more . the prospector smile , put he arm around Woody . prospector yes , cactus , enough of you depress drivel dravel . Woody need some good news ! the prospector open up a large book title " collectible Book . " he peer inside the book . prospector here you go Woody , you be up fourteen percent this month ! woody what be you talk about ? srta . cactus nothing that concern a mere '' toy '' like yourself . we be look you up in the price guide . : woody what price guide ? prospector . the collectible toy price guide . but you would not want to see how much you be worth . it have be too great a shock . 26 she toy Blue 27 ~ . woody ( interest slightly pique ) let I see . prospector well , if you be sure you can handle it , I guess so ... he hold the book up to Woody 's face . Woody peek inside . woody I be worth that much ?! prospector oh no , my good man , that 's without you hat . with you hat , you be worth this much . ( point ) woody pull my string ! Woody can not speak . his head reel , he hat fall off . the prospector and senorita cactus jump for the hat . ~~ prospector ( snap finger ) cactus , fluff the man 's pillow ! senorita cactus rush over with Woody 's pillow , fluff it . Woody lean back on it , stare at he price in the price guide , Woody show a slightly bemuse smile . the prospector and cactus grin devilishly at each other . Woody go back to the merchandise on the floor , blankly stare at it , look at the skylight and sigh , pick up the merchandise , and put it back on the display . CUT to : ext . al 's toy barn - night rex , potato head , hamm , slinky , and finally buzz arrive outside the electric eye door ‘to Al 's toy barn . they run from the spot that activate the door to the door itself , but it close on then . they finally leave slinky 's back end at the activation spot . the door open , the toy slip in , and they yank slinky quickly through the close door . year 28 int . al 's toy barn = continuous a giant toy supermarket . the light be dimming . they hear footstep . rex where do we hide ? where do we nide ? slinky what do you mean , " where do we hide ? " it 's a toy store ! they fall limp as a security guard pass and exit the building . guard ( call ) I be lock up . good night , Al . the guard turn the main light off and exit . the tey scope the place ; there 's no one around . Al 's huge toy barn be a world unto itself . the shelf be skyscraper size , the light above be like star , it 's dark and creepy . everyone look up , awestruck at the shelf of lifeless toy in box . slinky this place be give I the willy . rex you think Woody 's up there ? I hope we do not have to open all that box . slinky Al sure have a big bedroom ! hamm what be you talk about ? this be not he bedroom ! that 's he bedroon ! hamm point to a ajar office door that read " President 's Office . " there 's a light come from the office . rex I bet he 's in there with Woody play cowboy and indian . rex , potato head , hamm and slinky rush toward the office door . buzz stay behind , stare awestruck up at a aisle . yn " 29 at aln office door rex , potato head , hamm and slinky hide behind the door and peek through the crack . Inside , Al be on the phone . by the door sit Al an open duffel bag . al ( into phone ) of course , it 's the authentic first edition Woody . I / 11 see you at my condo at five thirty . bring you checkbook , slinky ( sotto ) he do not live here ! Woody 's mile away ! rex grab a plastic dart gun and some suction cup dart off the nearby shelf . rex ( sotto ) let 's kidnap Al ! give he a taste of he own medicine ! hamm ( sotto ) we can not use that . get rid of it . rex ( sotto ) but it 's so pretty ! potato head ( sotte ) shh , I have get it all figure out . we get into that bag , and I bet tubby bring we right home to Woody ! any problem with hy plan , buzz ? buzz ? buzz be not with then . potato head now where would that spaceman get to ? angle on buzz buzz be awestruck by a aisle full of buzz lightyear . they closely resemble buzz , except this be new , flashier model label , '' ultra buzz lightyear 2000 . " 30 buzz look up at hundred of identical ultra buzz lightyear 2000s . he see one on display out of he box . this new buzz be shinier , fancier , and have even more button than we buzz . curious , we buzz climb up onto the display and size up the new buzz . he 's about to press one of the new buzz 's button when ... i ultra buzz halt ! ultra buzz grab we buz2 's index finger . buzz ( recoil ) ho - yaaahh ! ultra buzz you be in direct violation of code zero section seven dash B , state all space ranger be to be in hypersleep until awaken by authorize personnel . ultra buzz point to the aisle of buzze in they box . buzz ( realize ) oh , no ... ultra buzz you be break rank , Ranger . you could jeopardize the entire mission ... we buzz roll he eye . he mouth along as ultra buzz proudly speak ... ultra buzz right now , poise at the edge of the galaxy , Emperor Zurg have be secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate a entire planet . I alone have information that reveal this weapon 's only weakness . buzz stare at this ultra buzz , see he own reflection in ultra buzz 's helmet . ultra buzz have the same delude look in he eye that we buzz have when he first " land " on Andy 's bed . for a moment , buzz consider whether he should say anything ... 31 buzz friend , let I share a little secret with you . Space Ranger , you be not a Space Ranger . you be a toy . ultra buzz akkhh ! you ‘’ve be brainwash by agent of Zurg ! buzz ( pop open he wing ) we wing , they be plastic . and we " laser " ... buzz hit he laser . ultra buzz recoil , do a triple handspring . ultra buzz have you mind be meld ?! you could have kill I , Space Ranger ... or should I say " traitor . " ultra buzz put he hand to he laser and point it menacingly at buzz . . ultra buzz ( into wrist communicator ) buzz lightyear to Star Command , I have get a awol Space Ranger ... why do not they answer ? buzz roll he eye , start to walk away . ultra buzz be shocked that buzz walk away from a laser . ultra buzz you be come with I for court marshal ! ultra buzz lunge at buzz from the back . they roll around on the floor . they roll into the base of another display , jostling it . a Emperor Zurg box fall off the display , break open on the floor . a Emperor Zurg doll pull itself out . emperor zurg ( cartoony villain voice ) curse ! crashed land on a hostile planet ! 32 Zurg turn and see the ultra buzz . his eye light up ( literally ) . emperor zurg I have get you now , lightyear . prepare to die ! . ( cheesy evil laugh ) Zurg pull a " ion ball blaster " {actually a accessory fill with tiny nerf ball ) from he bex , attaches it to he back . ultra buzz ( to buzz ) take cover ! he 's get a Zurgotronic ion blaster ! ultra buzz push buzz behind Zurg 's box . Zurg begin shoot the nerf ball at ultra buzz . as we buzz watch , the ultra buzz leap into a acrobatic frenzy , avoid the ball with backflip , slide and high jump . buzz be impressed . ultra buzz see we buzz step out to help . ultra buzz stay cover ! you do not believe you be a space ranger . how can you fight with that attitude ?! : ultra buzz fire he grapple hook onto a low shelf and swing over 2urg . ultra buzz you be powerless to stop I , Zurg ! a Space Ranger fear nothing ! buzz smile . he 's inspire by the delude Space Ranger 's confidence ! buzz of course ! ( beat ) step aside , let a real hero handle this ! - we buzz confidently walk directly into Zurg 's stream of nerf ball . he laugh as Zurg 's ion ball : bounce harmlessly off he chest . ultra buzz what kind of superhuman be you ?! yo '' ~ 33 buzz I be not a human at all ! i' mar toy ! a cool toy ! buzz walk cooly behind Zurg 's back and pull out he battery . Zurg 's " ion blaster " stop fire . emperor zurg tieeee ! my ion blaster 's render useless ! Zurg back away cowardly . finally , he throw the jon blaster gun at buzz , then run off . buzz smile at the amaze ultra buzz . ultra buzz you have smitten Zurg with nothing but the sheer will to dominate ! you be the buzz lightyear ! you have a great knowledge than I can ever comprehend . ultra buzz and buzz do the secret Space Ranger palm press , it 's a moment of macho male bond . ultra buzz I be go to the Desert of neptar to meditate . perhaps someday I will gain the confidence you display , Space Ranger . ultra buzz remove he accessory belt , hand it to we buzz . ultra buzz . I do not know what you do with you accessory belt , but ... take mine . you be more deserve of this . go in peace . buzz ( to self ) time to get Woody !... in the name of the Universe Protection unit ! he bound down the aisle , finally he old self . behind he , we see Al walk by , carry he duffle bag . on duffle bag rex , potato head , hamm and slinky be cramme inside . they see buzz have not notice they . rex fire one of he suction cup dart at a large ball on the shelf . 34 on buzz the ball fall , get buzz 's attention . buzz see Al , and then rex peek out from Al 's bag . buzz bound toward the bag , re-energize . as Al walk through the electronic door , buzz take a fly leap , catapult off the ball , and sail through the door as they be close . he land perfectly in the bag with a little thump . Al look around . al gotta get that door fix . angle inside bag rex ( sotto ) wow buzz , what happen to you ? buzz ( start , then reconsider ) you do not want to know . let 's go get Woody ! CUT to : int . al 's apartment ~ display room - montage to music a ) prospector and cactus admire themselves in the display case 's reflective surface . Woody roll he eye at they in disgust . B ) senorita cactus stack Woody 's pillow to form a easy chair for he . Woody consider for a moment , then sit down . C ) the prospector and cactus play golf with Woody , use Al 's swizzle stick as putter and a olive as a ball . bullseye caddy , he feedbag full of " club . " after Woody putt , the prospector and cactus applaud politely . D ) Woody walk by the same reflective surface . he notice he reflection and admire himself . he notice a tiny scuff on he chin and start buffing himself . E ) the prospector and cactus be buffing themselves in the reflective surface . pan over to Woody , who be buffing himself more intensely than the other , he face gleam and super - shiny . Woody pick up a q-tip , start clean he eye with it . F ) bullseye push a game of checker over to Woody , want to play . Woody dismiss he with a wave and turn around to play chess with the prospector . bullseye frown , feeling hurt . dissolve to : 35 int . al 's car ~ later we hear wimped out new age music play on the radio . Al pathetically try to whistle along . tighten on : the passenger seat . Al 's bag be there . int . al 's bag - continuous rex , potato head , hamm , slinky and buzz be cramped inside Al 's bag . it 's a real tight squeeze . rex look panicked . he 's hyperventilate , right in buzz 's face . buzz 's helmet be steam up from rex 's breath . buzz rex ! you be fogging up my helmet ! rex I can not help it . the wall of the bag be close in ! angle on duffle bag the zipper open . potato head 's eye pop up , hold by he hand like a periscope . potato head nos Pov through fisheye lens the car interior . pan from the CD player , to the stick shift , to Al 's wide - angle rear end as he squeeze out of the car door . buzz what can you make out ? potato head it 's either the side of a hill ... or Al 's pants . . Al exit the car . potato head alright , boy , this be it . any second now he will grab we and take we right to Woody . no riee to thank I now for my brilliant plan . angle on Al as he get out of the car : he do not grab the bag . potato head ( 0.5 . ) . man , gid ‘ol potato head fool this sucker ! Al close the door . the bag be still on the seat . 36 potato head ( 0.5 . ) here we go . Al walk away from the car to he high - rise building . on toy inside bag potato head be still hold up he " periscope . " potato head yep , any minute now . hamm he 's go , be not he . potato head ( defensive ) he ’1ll be back ! angle on car seat the bag heave , then zip open . the toy pop out onto the seat . toy 's Pov a huge high - rise loom above they , at least twenty storey . Al enter the building 's outdoor glass elevator . the door close . rex he 's go to he apartment . slinky certainly be a small place . hamm you idiot , that 's the elevator ! the elevator race up toward the top floor . buzz of course - - a toynapper would have to live on the top floor -- for protection . buzz pull on the door handle , but it 's lock . he start run around the car , push button and pull handle . hamm what be you do ? yx buzz flip the 37 buzzz this vehicle have a complicated perimeter security system . ' ( hit power lock ) ahn ! switch into unlocked position . buzz clever , Al . but not clever enough for buzz lightyear . ext . STREET outside al 's build - continuous buzz open the buzz grab two door , jump to the curb . the other toy follow . buzz blast . there 's too many people use Al 's vertical transporter . hmm ... rex , do you still have that suction cup dart gun ? rex sure , but do you think you can blast Al from here ? it do not have a sight . suction cup dart . he scope the building face . buzz stay here while I get Woody and do not move ' till I return . buzz make a dash across the curb to the base of the high-rise . cut to : int . al 's apartment - display room - later Woody and the prospector be loung on they pillow . senorita cactus give Woody a backrub as Woody tell a story . Woody have adopt a " old boy " accent . . wwoody so then he say , " how dare you open a spaceman 's helmet ? my eyeball could have be suck from they socket ! " Woody and the prospector lean in toward each other and give a clench tooth laugh . 38 prospector what a ninny ! be all the toy back at you old room as positively buffoonish ?! woody oh dear I , yes . frankly , it get so that I have to walk out on the roof just to escape they shenanigan . that 's how I get here . the prospector and senorita cactus applaud politely . bullseye walk over . bullseye they sound like regular toy to I . Woody condescendingly put he arm around bullseye . woody they be just not like we . bullseye but a few day ago you say ... woody do not be such a pill . honestly , | b.e. , I believe it be you who say , " accept it , you be a collectible . " well I have , and I be loving every minute of it ! they hear Al 's footstep approach the door . woody ( snap finger ) people ! place , place ! the toy jump in place . Al push a portable wet bar into the room , follow by three chic , artsy - fartsy New York sophisticate , emerson , quentin , and theatrica . they all wear black turtleneck . al so when I hear you be open a Museum of fifty object ... emerson we prefer " m.o.f.0 . " al ++ I say , " finally , a institution worthy of my time and talent ! " 39 Al put he finger on wall switch . al lady and gentleman , prepare to have you silk sock knock off . Al flip the switch . we hear the disco version of also spracht zarathustra booming over the speaker system . Al flick another switch . the " Woody 's roundup " display light up dramatically . more light flick on , illuminate " Woody 's roundup " poster on the wall . when the smarmy New yorker see Woody , they nearly swoon . emerson exquisite ! theatrica transplendant ! quentin mommy ... al ( self - absorb ) a authentic Woody , with original real -string , non injection mold hat with hand -stitch band ! if you use a loupe , you can see how they miss a stitch on the ... the New yorker blow past Al . when they see Woody , they fall to they knee . quentin pinch I ! have I die and go to fifty heaven ?! emerson not I . at this moment , I feel more alive than I have ever be ! al wait , there 's more . feast you ear on this ! . Al pull Woody 's string . woody 's voice box there 's a snake in my boot ! the New yorker chuckle wryly . ~ 40 emerson ah yes , a pithy reference to the cultural climate of Woody 's 1950s America . theatrica the " boot " be postwar America threaten from within by the " snake " that be kruschev 's red menace . ( to Al ) Al , do you agree ? al I ... do not wear boot . they look at Al oddly . cutaway to : ext . side of al 's apartment build sfx : sploof ... sploof buzz be climb the building use suction cup . buzz pull out each cup and slap it a inch higher on the building . the wind howl as buzz look down , see he foot dangle above tiny car on the street . buzz it 's true ! they really do look like toy from up here . suddenly , the brick face crack and come loose . buzz plummet down the side of the building . buzz aaaaa ... the ground be rush up at buzz . in desperation , buzz slam both suction cup onto a pass window . buzz slide down the window , cling as the suction cup screech on the pane of glass . the friction slow buzz down , and he come to a stop . buzz now I know how a real space ranger feel . - ( to sky ) to infinity , and ... pigeon ( 0.s. ) ( coo ) | camera tilt up away from buzz . we hear a 0.s. splat as something hit buzz 's helmet . buzz climb up into frame with a glop of white stuff on he helmet . 41 buzz steady , Ranger . no matter how bad it get , remember poor Woody 's get it ten time worse . back to : int . al 's apartment = display room quentin fawn over Woody , stroking he head with white glove . Al be still schmooze the New yorker . quentin we must have this for the nuseun ! but ... how do one even begin to put a price on this masterpiece ? al one ... look in the price guide . a greasy smile spread over Al 's face . quentin examine Woody . quentin whatever you price , we be willing to pay top dollar ... ( see boot , gasp ) graffiti ! graffiti ! ( squeal ) someone 's deface Woody ! emerson the name of the demoén be ... Andy . theatrica when will parent teach they child a toy be not something to be play with ? the New yorker start to walk out . Al panic . al I 'il knock off fifteen percent ! quentin spin around , wear a satisfied grin . . quentin you drive a hard bargain ... quentin hold out he wimpy hand . al.give he a gusto handshake , visibly hurt quentin . 42 theatrica first let 's call the airline to get a ticket for the display . we 'il make " Woody 's roundup " the museum centerpiece . it / will be bigger than King tut ! al hope s0 . I never even hear of that toy . Al and the New yorker exit to the front room . the prospector , senorita cactus start dance . Woody look at the word " Andy " write on he boot , and try to rub it off . prospector / srta . cactus ( chant ) we be go to New York ... tilt up to skylight overhead buzz 's head peer down from the skylight . ext . al 's apartment build - roof - continuous buzz run he hand around the perimeter of the skylight . buzz hmm ... some form of synthetic glass . buzz look around the roof , see a old tin can with open lid . buzz ah . buzz grab the can , carefully cut a small hole in the plexiglass . buzz remove it , then pull out he grapple hook and fasten it onto the lip of the skylight . buzz start to lower himself down into Al 's apartment . int . al 's apartment - display room - continuous Woody and senorita cactus be still dance . Woody dance to the hi-fi and stop the music . wooby well old sport , we be off to gothan and guess who 's the reason ? moi! ( smarmy laugh ) _ anywho ... I just want you guy to know that I love ya . and I mean that . the prospector 43 and senorita cactus applaud . bullseye ( frustrated , under breath ) sheeze , how collectible can you get ?! as Woody blabber on , none of the collectible toy see what 's come down from above . it 's buzz , lowering himself from the skylight use Woody chuckle there , smile they embrace , wipe it off . bullseye 's jaw double check . he retractable string and grapple hook . woody if Andy 's toy could see I now , they would not even recognize I . why if buzz be here , you know what he have say ? ( mimic buzz ) '' congratulation , Woody . it 's be a honor serve you . " ... and turn to he side . buzz be stand right at hin . woody ( to buzz ) be not that right , buz2 ?... ( a beat ) buzz !!! buzz Woody ! Woody get some bird doo on he cheek . he do not drop . he stare in amazement , blink he eye to bullseye ( in shock ) he come ? he actually come . wooody how do you ... when do ' you ... buzz Al bring I here ! woopy : really ? you nre a collectible too ? 44 srta . cactus ( be : buzz ) ahem . what , pray tell , be that ?! wwooody oh right , where be my manners ?! I have not even introduce you to " the family . " buzz family ? woodyy sure , this be all part of my roundup ! that 's bullseye , and this be senorita cactus and the prospector . buzz hold out he hand . the prospector look at buzz 's filthy hand . he do not shake it . prospector ( condescending ) charme . srta . cactus ( luke - warm ) you must be buzz lightweight . one of woodrow 's friend from the ' burb . prospector how cute . a battery -operate plastic robot . buzz I believe you mean a self - power poseable Space Ranger action figure . watch . buzz hit he voice activation button . buz voicebox buzz lightyear to the rescue ! srta . cactus why , how ... mildly amusing ! so tell I , boy , how much be you worth ? buzz Worth ? I do not follow you ... ys 45 the prospector and senorita cactus laugh heartily . Woody look embarrassed . prospector ( under breath , to cactus ) check the price guide. {to buzz ) stand back , boy . you be get bird roughage on woodrow . Woody look uncomfortable . he quickly buff the dirty spot on nis cheek . buzz Woody , I have come to ... as buzz gesture out the window , he accidentally fling a little dirt on senorita cactus . woody yy ( sotto ) buzz , you be make a spectacle . senorita cactus look up from the price guide . srta . cactus he be not even in the price guide ! who be this imposter ?! buzz I tell you , I be Woody 's best friend . woody ( nervous , backpedal ) well actually ... we just sort of '' work together . " buzz of course you be my best friend . we have be through so much ! remember pizza Planet ?! : prospector * pizza Planet ? sound like a four star establishment . ( he and cactus laugh ) buzz : if I do not know better , I have say you be ridicule I . 46 : prospector that 's okay , mister lightfinger , I be sure you do not know better ! ( laugh ) buzz you be the strangest toy I have ever see . ( proudly to Woody ) Woody , I come to liberate you from the clutches of ... woody ( condescending ) buzz , buzz , buzz ... you really should have call first . bullseye be shocked . his head go back and forth as he watch the follow conversation . buzz what be you talk about ? woody look around , who would want to leave all this ? buzz all this junk ? come on , let 's go home . wwooody iam home ! I have grow up . I 'ma collector 's item now . I have graduate to a whole new plane of existence ! buzz be speechless . bullseye I can not believe this ! buzz risk everything and you be turn you back on he ? Woody , what 's happen to you ? . woody what 's happen to I ?. it be a wise old horse who say , '' concentrate on what you have and forget the past . " well , guess what ? I be take you advice ! 47 bullseye you have change . I like the old Woody better . buzz enough ! Woody , I be take you back to Andy 's . woody oh sure ! and while you be at it , why not use the hope diamond for a game of marble ?! why not write you shopping list on the mona Lisa ?! why not install track lighting on the ceiling of the sistine Chapel ?! I mean , think of the thousand of people who will miss out on see " Woody 's roundup " together again ! think of the loss to world culture ! for once in you life , buzz , think of something other than yourself ! buzz you ... be ... a ... toy ! you be not a piece of art ! you be a child 's plaything ! woody I be a " plush voice - activate collectible . " buzz you be a complete lunatic ! I be rescue you from this strange alternate universe , and there be not a thing you can do about it ! Woody push the " retract " button on buzz 's grapple device ana buzz go shoot back up toward the skylight . woody have a nice trip , spaceman . just then we hear a squeal of glee from the front room . Al run in , hold a check . he kiss it and pour himself a cocktail . above buzz hear a SNAP from inside he grapple hook device . it 's break ; buzz panic as he fall straight for Al 's head . buzz frantically bang on the break grapple device . he give up and try to stop he fall by grab the rope . buzz rope - burn he hand but manage to stop the fall - - a inch above Al 's head . -y - 48 below Al hold he cocktail up , gaze at Woody and raise a toast . al a toast ! to the one who make it all possible ... I ! Al toss back he drink , then pick up bullseye , the prospector and senorita cactus . al neye each toy ) now which one of you shall I pack first ? my new maserati ? my condo in the hampton ? or my trip to bora bora ? Al grab a cocktail napkin and wipe he sweaty bald pate . buzz inhales as Al 's pudgy finger barely miss hin . then Al grab a pack box and pack bullseye inside . emerson 's voice come from the live room . emerson ( 0.s. ) Al , babe . you can finish that later . what say we celebrate over a bite ? Al head to the door . buzz breathes a sigh of relief . emerson ( 0.s. ) I be think of that adorable little sashimi place around the corner . al oh . of course . I be normally not big on italian food , but whatevah ! Al exit the display room . the collectible toy spring to life . Woody do not notice that buzz be still in the room . woody what a goof ! guess ol 's Woody finally get the best of ol 's plastic slack . 49 Woody be interrupt by the high - pitch whir of a spool unravel . Woody look up . woody 's Pov looking directly overhead buzz be racing down at he , the retractor string unravel at high speed . buzz aaahhhhhh ! woody aaahhhhhh ! wham ! buzz crash right down on Woody and tackle he . Woody and buzz roll around on the display pillow , each try to pin the other one down . buzz sorry cowboy . someone 's get to save you from this weird toy cult . Woody run away . track with woody as he suddenly jerk . his leg be spin , but he 's actually move slowly backwards . Woody look behind himself in horror . widen to reveal buzz be hold the ring on the end of Woody 's pullstring . the pullstring be max out . as it slowly retract , Woody be pull backwards toward buzz . woody 's voice BOX ( slowed down ) there 's -- there 's a sn-sn-snake in my ... ( record scratch ) ... favorite deputy ! buzz hold onto the string with one hand , and spin Woody with the other , tie Woody up by he own pullstring . woody help ! Al !! buzz remove Woody 's bandanna and gag Woody with it . he drag Woody to he wait retractable string . he climb to the skylight , haul the sguirm Woody with he . once he 's safely out of reach , the prospector speak up . prospector cad ! do not make I get my dander up , or I will ... 50 buzz or you will what ? prospector or I x11 have the cactus rough you up ! ext . al ‘s apartment build roof - continuous buzz drag Woody across the roof . Woody be kick and scream through he bandanna gag . he drag Woody to the edge where he leave he suction cup . buzz Woody , what have get into you ? he hoist Woody onto he shoulder and lean over the edge of the roof . Woody see this ; he eye go wide . he flail about and shout ... . woodyy ( panic through gag ) wuuhh mmmph uzz follywof ... buzz you expect I to believe that ? what could you possibly see in that dement toy ? buzz step out onto the suction cup , hold Woody on he back . Woody see the tiny car on the street below , panic more . woo dy ( hysterical ) frakcen uulp thwoopa fumff ! buzz . I do not buy it ! that colleclecle do not care about you ! as soon as you blue book value drop , they 's 11l @rop you . buzz put he other foot on the other suction cup . the cup come loose and fall off the side of the building . buzz scramble back onto the roof . he and Woody stand face to face on the roof . buzz blast ! Al would not have a suction cup collection in there , would he ? Woody be silent . buzz undoe weody 's gag . 51 . woody help !!! buzz I all take that as a " no . " that 's alright , we will find another way to get home to Andy . woody Andy ? so he can toss I out , like bullseye 's kid ? colleclecle never get throw away ! buzz that 's enough ! you see this ? buzz grab Woody 's boot and show he the name '' Andy . '' buzz this be a badge of honor ! that name on you boot mean a kid love you . that 's not something you can erase . Woody leok at he boot with guilt . " Andy " be faint but still there . just then the prospector and senorita cactus emerge from the skylight , huffing and puffing up buzz 's string . prospector see here , you battery - operate bourgeois bauble , that 's my property ! Woody incredulously mouth the word " property ? " srta . cactus untie he , you ruffian . Al 's come home soon . buzz ( to Woody ) be that what you want ? ( Woody say nothing ) very well , I be terminate this conversation . go , be valuable . buzz unty Woody . Woody hesitates . he do not know what to do . prospector ta to , flash Gordon . 52 Woody start to slink toward the skylight . as Woody scratch he head in confusion , he hat fall off . the wind pick it up , swirl it around in the air . srta . cactus ( shriek ) you mint condition hand - lace hat ! catch it ! Woody leap for the hat , but it fly over the side of the building and land precariously on the tip of a horizontal flagpole . the hat be dangle twenty storey above the street . woody oh great ! ( smile at buzz insincerely ) buzz , we both know I can not risk scuffing myself . be a chum and fetch my hat . buzz . a Space Ranger do not " fetch . " if be a museum piece be so important , ask one of you friend to help you . Woody turn to the prospector . prospector surely you jest . I have ruin ny finish . Woody , how could you be so sel fi sh ? 1 Woody consider , then climb out on the rickety flagpole . he inch he way toward the hat , hang high above the street . just as Woody be about to grab it , the hat blow off . Woody lunge for it but miss , and lose he balance . prospector noooo ! ( beat ) the hat ! Woody grab the end of the flagpole with one hand and be leave hang over the street . he do not have the hat . wwooody help ... prospector Risk scuffing my sheen for a nere . * hatless Woody 's ?! well , I never ! 53 srta . cactus might as well just let go ! you be worthless now . worthless ! prospector never like you anyway . you have a attitude problem ! Woody look at they in shock . his hand slip off the pole . woody buzz ! buzzzzz !!! Woody fall . buzz spring into action , jump out onto the flagpole and flipping like he do in Al 's toy barn . he leap out to the end of the pole , grab Woody and bring he safely to the roof . prospector hmph . should not have bother . woody oh , really ? as Woody step up to the roof , we see the hat be catch on one of he spur . Woody triumphantly put the hat back on . Woody smile . prospector ( suddenly friendly ) woodrow , old bean , thank heaven you be okay ! woody out of my way , you dusty old relic . you be the most worthless valuable I have ever meet . . prospector come back here ! you nre a collectible ! woody yeah , right . what be I , buzz ? buzz you be a toy ! prospector how nauseate . L ' . o~ 54 woodyy come on , buzz , let 's go back to Andy 's . woody so long sucker ! ( look at skylight ) so long bullseye ! ( stop , consider ) bullseye ! buzz what about bullseye ? woodyy we can not leave yet , buzz . there 's something I have to do first . cur to : ext . al 's apartment build - continuous potato head , hamm , rex and slinky be still hide in the hedge . rex I wonder how buzz be do . just then buzz ' 's suction cup come plummete down . it land on potato 's head . hamm my official guess : not good . ding . the elevator open , we see Al and the New yorker walk out of the elevator . : al of course I can deliver the display tonight , theatrica . I be a " can do " guy ! hamm it 's the toynapper ! and he henchmen ! . rex how do you know they be henchmen ? ramm obvious . Black turtleneck . Al and the New yorker exit . 55 potato head that 's it . we will have to take that elevator . it 's the only way we can save buzz . . the toy see no one be around . they make a mad dash into the elevator . they stand inside , wait for something to happen . rex I think it 's break . slinky maybe the battery run out . hamm you gotta push a button ! the toy stack on top of each other . rex end up on top , but can not quite reach . rex I need a hand . Mr. potato head remove he leave arm and hand it up the stack to rex . now rex have a arm extension . use potato head 's arm , rex push all the button , and the elevator start rise . andyn toy yay ! the toy topple over . CUT to : int . al 's apartment - display room - later buzz be lowering Woody on he grapple hook string into Al 's dark display roon . . . Woody run past Al 's cocktail cart to bullseye 's pack box and open the foam pack . bullseye 's surprised to see hin . bullseye w-woody ! what the heck you doin 's ? woody escape number four hundred and twenty one ! come on , bull . Woody take bullseye over to buzz 's wait rope and attaches bullseye securely to the hook . Woody motion for buzz to pull they both up , quick . — _ — — aoe 56 we hear Al ' 's key unlocking the front room door . buzz start to haul they up . Woody breathes a sigh of relief . suddenly the display room 's heating grate shake , bend , then fall off . potato head ( echoing through air vent ) what 's go on up there ? I can not see in the dark ... suddenly hamm , rex , slinky , then potato head , spill out of the air duct onto the floor . woody ( delighted ) guy ! guy ! ( beat ) how do you ... potato head found a open heating vent in the hallway . clever , huh ? slinky we be here to rescue you ! woody . you come all the way here for I ?! we hear the front room door slam . Al / 's footstep approach . woopy ( frantic ) great ! now let 's go ! move it people ! do not have all day ... Woody motion they over to the grapple hook . slinky what 's the matter ? ai not you happy to see we ? . woody ( frenzied ) can not explain ! gotta go ! climb on this line ! of we hear a key unlocking the display room 's deadbolt . rex Woody ! for Pete 's sake , show some gratitude ! n\ 57 woody ( lose it ) get on the linet the toy grab the line . above they , buzz strain with all he might to haul hamm , rex , potato head , slinky , Woody and bullseye up to the skylight . buzz can barely move it . just then the prospector and cactus jump down from the skylight , landing on they pillow . the prospector and cactus grab onto Woody 's boot , try to pull the group down . prospector no ! that 's we horsey ! we brainwah ... er , befriend he fair and square ! Woody look up and see all this weight be too much for poor buzz to bear . the rope be slip down . the knob to the display room door begin to turn . think fast , Woody reach to Al 's cocktail cart and grab a plastic drink sword with a maraschino cherry on it . he swing at the prospector . the prospector grab a drink sword with a olive stick on it , and the two duel . buzz I can not hold it much longer ! buzz be lose he grip . the toy be slide back down . Woody furrow he brow , let go of the rope , and fall on he pillow . wwoody ( fall ) Goodbye bullilis ! bullseye look down , touch by Woody 's show of sacrifice . bullseye I be not leave without you , Woody . bullseye let go , fall . the display room door open , Al 's hand reach in , fumble for the light switch . bullseye return to he box as the prospector and cactus jump and resume position . buzz 's load be suddenly lighter . in one fall swoop , buzz pull andy 's toy up through the skylight and onto the roof , where they land in a heap . Al enter , amble to the display , dyspeptic stomach rumbling . 58 al Raw fish indeed ! we will see how that maitre no react when he hear from my lawyer ! ( see colleclecle , brighten ) ah! time to go to New York , my little golden nugget . Al begin pack the colleclecle in they box . ext . al 's apartment build ~ roof - continuous buzz and the other watch Al through the skylight . buzz blast ! he 's take they to that museum people . we have to get back down to he car ... somehow . buzz look across the roof , get a idea . buzz follow I . they follow buzz to the building 's ledge . they look down , see the sheer drop and the glass elevator several storey below . directly below they be a swim pool . buzz there 's no other choice . well have to jump for it -- all other toy what ?! hamm do someone cut off the oxygen in that helmet ? rex buzz , you know I be afraid of height ! and this be ten time higher than andy 's bed ! potato head no way , lightyear ! I jump off of that and I x11 be one mashed potato ! buzz ( authoritarian ) I know what I be do ! we jump on the count of three ! 59 slinky the 01 's Space Ranger 's back . buzz one .. two ... buzz push rex off the side of the ledge . buzz , slinky , hann and potato head follow . rex aaaaa ! after a brief fall , the toy land . rex open he eye . rex hey ! that be not so bad . rex open he eye , see that instead of be on the ground , they be still several storey up . rex aaaaa ! buzz shh ! buzz cover rex 's mouth . buz2 point downward . the toy have jump down to the top of the glass elevator , just as Al be get in . Al hold he pack up display box , listen to the herb alpert muzak . potato head heh heh . knew it all the time . dissolve to : ext . STREET outside al 's build - continuous the elevator stop and Al get out . Al waddle to he car , start put the display box in the trunk . buzz and the other toy hop from the top of the elevator into a hedge . a moment later they peer out from the bottom of the hedge . : . Al get in he car , start the engine . as Al 's car revs up , Andy 's toy dash for it . buzz jump on the bumper and pulis the other up one by one . rex be the last one ; he chase the car as it pull away . rex hold out he puny arm . buzz extend you arm ! 60 rex this be my arm ! buzz pull rex onto the bumper as Al 's car slowly taxi out of the driveway . rex look down , see the pavement be move faster . the toy bang on the trunk . int . al ‘s car - trunk ~- continuous Woody 's box jostle , bounce . Woody hear the banging . a hand burst out of Woody 's box , start undoing the wrapping . ext . al 's car - rear bumper - continuous the trunk pop open , revealing Woody . woody I have a feel it be you . c’mon ! he motion for the toy to climb into the trunk . they do . int . al 's car - trunk - continuous woody come to see we off at the airport ? buzz we will not let you get there . we be go to stop this car . Woody take off he hat to scratch he head . woody how can a toy stop a two ton car ? Woody look at hat , get inspire . woody buzz , grab my foot . buzz do not understand , but hold Woody 's foot and lower Woody , head first , down to the tailpipe . . andy 's toy : ( ad lib ) a what 's he do ? he 's get a death wish . etc ... to , ~ 61 Woody 's head be just a few inch above the rush concrete . he try to shove he hat into Al 's tailpipe . a as the car swerve , Woody swing back and forth , miss the tailpipe a few time . the car hit a bump . buzz drop Woody . woody whoocoaa ! Woody fall , grab onto the tailpipe . his foot be dangle less than a inch above the speed concrete . woody ‘s Pov - looking ahead from under car a old muffler on the road approach rapidly . Woody pull he leg up just as whoosh ! the muffler fly by underneath . Woody hold on to the tailpipe with one hand . with the other , he remove he hat . woody collect this , Al ! Woody cram he hat into the tailpipe . int . al n's car = continuous Al be drive . suddenly , the car 's engine begin to sputter . al oh no , not now . not today ! ext . dinoco gas station - continuous Al 's car lurch into the gas station . Al get out , close the door . he hurry to the front and check under the hood . meanwhile , Woody hop down from the tailpipe . he remove he char , blacken hat from the pipe , put it back on . he hop back up to the trunk . when he get there , he 's surprised to see Andy 's toy be go . int . al 's car - continuous the armrest on Al 's back seat be slowly sly out , open a hole from the trunk to the back seat . buzz , rex , potato head , hann , and slinky slip quietly into the interior of Al 's car . ext . dinoco gas station - continuous Al finish futzing under the hood . he shrug he shoulder and slam the hood angrily . 62 Al hurry to he door . as he reach out to pull the handle , we hear a clink of the electronic door lock . Al pull the handle . it 's lock . al tug frantically on the door . he can not see what 's inside because of the tinted window . int . al 's car - continuous Andy 's toy see Al yanking in vain on the door handle . they cheer . buzz let 's hear it for Al 's peripheral security system ! just then Al reach down below the car door . he emerge hold a hide - a- key box . he open the box and remove a spare key . hamm this guy 's get everything ! buzz alright everybody , listen up . rex , get up on the dashboard , hann , go into the wheel well , slinky , you stay on the seat ... the toy move into position as ... ext , dinoco gas station - continuous Al be about to shove the spare key into the lock . the engine start up . Al scratch he head in bewilderment . the car jerk forward , then stop . then it jerk again . al wha ...? int . al 's car - continuous buzz stand on the front seat . hamm be down by the pedal , lean against the accelerator . . hamm how do you work this ? buzz it 's like the video game . Fire thruster ! full throttle ! hamm belly flop on the accelerator pedal . ~ 63 ext . dinoco gas station ~ continuous Al approach the car again . suddenly the car peel out . smoke shoot from the tire . Al squeal in horror . al my car ! my collection ! he throw a tantrun , stamp he foot on the pavement . al no , no , no ! int . al 's car - continuous total panic as the toy attempt to drive Al 's car . hamm lean on the accelerator pedal , rex stand on the dashboard , fumble with a@ road map . buzz hold the leave side of the steering wheel while slinky hold the right . potato head be run around the car , push button wily nily . the car alarm be go off . the wiper be on full blast . the leave turn signal be flash . through the windshield , we see the car be swerving back and forth as it race down the street . . rex make a right ! no , a ... I mean , go that way ! ( point leave ) buzz pull the leave side of the steering wheel . slinky 's front end be stretch out to the top of the wheel . the car swerve to the leave . hamm be roll around in the wheel well . hamm I can not control it ! buzz of course you can . it 's just like drive rc ! hamm then where 's the remote control ?! car computer voice . you light be on ! rex aahhh ! it 's on to we ! 64 ext . dinoco gas station ~ continuous al car thief ! car thief ! Al loox around the station , see a pizza Planet truck refueling . Al rush over to the pizza Planet truck , jump in and peel the truck out . int . al 's car - continuous the car be swerving through traffic . horn honk . buzz good job , everyone ! maintain you position ! hanm , stay with the thruster . slinky , steady course . rex , mind that navigation ... potato head hey , what be I , chop home fries ? buzz potato head , you find a good radio station . potato head hey , how come I get all the hard job ?! hamm do anybody know where we be go ? rex ( read map ) we should be approach a big arrow with a giant N above it . hamm you idiot , that 's the thing that tell you which way be north . where be we now ? rex I can not tell if we be in the yellow county or the pink county ! ( look out window ) it all look dark to not ! 65 int . al ‘s car = trunk - continuous Woody open the car trunk a inch , peer out . he see the pizza Planet truck approach . a closer look reveal that Al be at the wheel . woody Al ! aww , now what ! Woody look around the trunk , then smile as he get a idea . he rip open the " Woody 's roundup " paraphernalia box . int . pizza planet truck - continuous Al be drive frantically . he look down , see a pizza box , grab a slice , al common car thief ... people who steal stuff should be strung up and ... what , no coke ?! Al zoom up right behind he car . suddenly the trunk open and a " Woody 's roundup " board game box fly out . al scream as the box break open and game piece , card and dice fly @irectly into he windshield , scatter in every direction with a crash . al noooo ! not the limited edition Woody 's roundup board game ! next , a rack with paint tube fly out of the trunk . it smashes onte Al 's windshield , smear streak of paint . al aagghh ! the mint condition " Woody 's roundup " paint set with original box ! . finally a vinyl lp roll out of the open trunk , flipping in the wind and shatter on Al 's windshield . al ( whimper ) . no! not " the four woody sing cha chai " int . al ‘s car - trunk - continuous Woody laugh as he see the pizza Planet truck fall far behind . 66 . woody sorry Al ! you can not have I , but you can still have you Woody pez dispenser ! Woody toss some Woody -shape pez dispenser out of the trunk . he 's not watch the prospector 's and senorita cactus 's box behind hin . senorita cactus rip a hole in she box , struggle wearily to get out . she punch a hole in the prospector 's box , and he squeeze out of he box . he 's panting , out of breath . prospector what a workout . I be simply exhaust ! prospector wipe pat bead of sweat off he forehead . then he see Woody throw the merchandise out the trunk . prospector you !! what on earth be you do ? woody give Al he junk back . ( gesture to pizza truck , then he stop and think ) wait a minute ... if Al be back there ... then who 's drive the ... buzz ( 0.s. ) ( from car interior ) to infinity and beyond ! woody oh -- this I gotta see ! Woody , the prospector and senorita cactus rush through the armrest hole into the car interior . int . al 's car = continuous Woody , prospector and senorita cactus climb into the front seat . Woody be shocked to see Andy 's toy maneuver the car . woody wow ! guy , I know you be go stir crazy , but be not this a little extreme ? : prospector why you ... upstart ! you cur ! 67 srta . cactus t/1l get an . the cactus raid the glove compartment and emerge brandish a metal tire pressure gauge . she start after Andy 's toy menacingly . potato head grab a Barry manilow CD from Al 's collection and hold it up like a shield . potato head think again , senorita stinkweed . whack ! whack ! she swing the tire pressure gauge at potato head , bashing he '' shield . potato head hah ! miss I , you jojoba-stuffed pincushion ! senorita cactus swing from the other direction , clipping potato head on the nose . his nose go fly , land in the car ashtray . his nose sneeze , send ash fly . woody crawl back to you box , you have already lose . you want to know why ? because ... Woody put on he hat . it 's a char mess . woo dy ( proudly ) I be worthless ! andy 's toy applaud . the prospector and cactus gasp . prospector you ... you ... woody ++-etoy ? that 's right . just then ... : rex toll booth ! all the toy look up . the car be racing towards a toll booth . Beyond the toll booth be a large bridge . slinky what do we do now ?! ~ 68 ext . tollbooth - moment later from the toll taker 's viewpoint we see the car coast up . the window roll down . the toll taker look in ; there be no human in the car , just lifeless toy . but the dinosaur be lean out the window with a dollar bill between its tooth . the toll taker grab the dollar , and the window roll up . the car drive away . int . al ‘s car - continuous the toy spring back to life as the car pull out onto a large , overhead - girder bridge . woo dy ( laugh ) pretty good . that give hin something to tell he grandkid . buzz Woody , look out ! Woody turn around , see the prospector approach Woody , hold the car 's cigarette lighter . it sizzle red hot . prospector Care for a light ? in you face ?! srta . cactus when we nre do , all of you will look like you hat ! no kid / 1l ever play with you again ! buzz pull the steering wheel hard . the car swerve violently , scraping the bridge railing . all the toy be throw to one side of the car . Woody get up first , run away from the prospector and cactus . Woody grab a hold of the fuzzy dice hang from Al 's rear view mirror and climb they to the mirror . he look back , see the prospector and cactus hot on he trail . he hoist himself up to the open moonroof . ext . al 's car ~ roof - continuous Woody crawl up from the moonroof and look around for a moment . wind be rush by . the bridge girder whip overhead . the prospector and cactus pop up and crawl after Woody , still hold the cigarette lighter . prospector foolish woodrow . you have it all , but you throw it away ! yx 69 srta . cactus you stupid spaceman have to show up and ruin everything ! prospector cactus , brand this cowboy ! they look at the cigarette lighter . it 's cold . senorita cactus roll the lighter at Woody , knock he off he knee . before Woody can right himself , the prospector and cactus charge at hin . they grab Woody by the boot , and all three toy wrestle around on the roof of the car . prospector this will undoubtedly scuff I , but it will be worth it ! the prospector headbutt Woody . the prospector and cactus grab Woody by all four . prospector {to cactus ) toss he off the bridge . just then from behind ... bullseye ( 0.s. ) hold it fella . can not 1 play too ? they turn around , see bullseye clumsily climb up from the trunk . in b.g. we see the bridge end ; they be back on land again . in the distance , the pizza Planet truck appear , gain on they fast . prospector bullseye , get back in you box ! srta . cactus yeah , what be you do up here ?! bullseye something I should have do a long time ago ! bullseye wheel around , lift he haunch , and with a whinny buck -kick the prospector and cactus right off of the car . they go fly through the air . - prospector /cactus teeee ! rn > 70 ext . pizza planet truck ~ continuous Al be racing in the pizza Planet truck , gain on he car . suddenly he see two object fly through the air , then bounce around in the road ahead . al squint he eye . 200m in it 's he beloved prospector and cactus doll . oooaaagh ! Al slam on the brake . the truck skid to a stop just inch short of the collectible toy . Al jump out of the truck . before he get there , two boy on bicycle ride up and pick up the toy . boy # 1 whoa ! look at this lame toy . boy # 2 this one 's get a horseshoe - shape mark on its butt , Al waddle up , drip with sweat . he grab the toy out of they hand . : al give I that ! that be my toy ! boy # 1 finder keeper , fatso ! the boy grab the toy back and a tug of war ensue . al : that be mine ! mine ! mine ! the kid wrestle the toy out of Al 's hand . they hurry to they bike as Al throw a temper tantrum . : al my toy ! my toy ! boy # 2 77 sheeze , what kinda old goober still Plays with toy ?! they ride off on they bike while Al continue he hissy fit . 71 al ( shout ) toynapper ! toynapper ! {to sky ) I hate kide ! ext . al ‘s car - roof = continuous Woody and bullseye watch Al 's tantrum from the roof of the car . woody Way to go , bullsie ! buzz we finally bust out , partner ! Woody look ahead , see they be careen down a familiar street . woody Andy 's street ! Way to go , guy ! int . al ‘s car - continuous Woody jump down through the moonroof onto the front seat , follow by bullseye . Woody see buzz at the wheel . woody : alright , buzz ! pull over by Andy 's house on the right . buzz Woody , I know what I be do . Andy 's house be on the leave . woody right ! buzz Left ! buzz and Woody tug on the wheel , swerving the car around in the Street . they let go of the wheel and get into a slap fight , although they be smile , delighted to be competitive friend once again . . slinky guy , which one be it ? buzz / woody ( beth point to house they be currently pass ) this one !!! 72 slinky how do we stop this thing ?! rex look at the gearshift , read out loud . rex pe-pass . d-- depart n--noth . r--return ! rex throw it into reverse . ext . andy 's STREET - continuous crunch ! the reverse kick in big time , trash the car . the transmission fly out , clanging in the street . all four tire blow out . the side door bend open . the car screech down the street , spin around and fishtail . int . al 's car - continuous all the toy be spun around on the car seat . all toy aaaahh ! ext . andy 's STREET - continuous the car skid to a stop against the curb in front of Andy 's house . the car alarm be go off . steam shoot from the hood of the trash car . int . al 's car = continuous car computer voice you door be ajar . the toy land in a heap in the back seat . they sheepishly look around , buzz perfect landing . Woody look out of the window , see Andy 's house . wooody Andy 's ! ext . andy 's STREET = continuous Woody and buzz help the toy out of the smolder car . the toy make a run for Andy 's . Woody and bullseye lag behind , look at Andy 's house . ~ 73 woody hello , you beautiful house ! bullseye , you be gonna love it here ... slinky look up to see Mrs. Davis 's minivan approach from way down the street . slinky Woody , Andy 's come hone ! Woody look up , see the minivan come closer . woopy Andy ?! ( excited ) C ’mon bulis ! bullseye need a ride , sheriff ? Woody 's delighted , hop on bullseye 's back . bullseye heel up on he hind leg triumphantly and whinnie , woody uh-um ... hi-yo bullseye ! they ride across the driveway toward the ivy trellis along the side of the garage . angle on sarge be at Andy 's window , look through binocular . sarge Red alert ! Red alert ! incoming toy ! it 's Woody ! bo peep , Mrs. potato head , Rocky , and the other toy wallah excitement as they climb to Andy 's window . sarge climb on the garage roof . sarge operation rescue bucket ! code red ! move it ! squad of GREEN army men march out of '' Andy 's window carry a jumprope tie to they bucket . they lower the jumprope- bucket over the trellis . Woody and bullseye rendezvous with the other toy at the base of the trellis . they all jump in the bucket . Woody look up , see sarge on the roof above . 74 sarge welcome home , sir ! woody sarge ? ( brighten ) sarge ! great idea ! the minivan pull in the driveway . Andy get out , walk toward the front door . andy +-.and we make smore and sing song . can I go back next week ? mrs . davis we will see , sweetie . Andy run to the front of the house . the toy be be raise in the bucket . on the roof , the entire bucket of Green army Men be pull on the jumprope . sarge turn to the toy gather at Andy 's window and signal . sarge mother bird 's return to the nest ! the toy in Andy 's window cheer . int . andy 's house - continuous Andy excitedly start up the stair . ext . garage roof - continuous Woody , bullseye , buzz step on the roof and begin run to the window . bo peep and the rest of the toy be wait with the window open . int . andy 's house - continuous Andy 's Pov as he reach the second floor and run to he room . int . andy 's room - continuous the toy climb in the window . bo peep greet Woody . bo peep do buzz give you my message , sheriff ? da 75 woody what message ? bo peep give Woody a kiss . woopy ( delirious ) thank you , buzz ! the toy hear andy'' footstep and resume they position . wham ! the door open . Andy bound in , see the toy just as he leave then . andy Woody ! buzz ! he run over and pick they up , examine they a moment . he run he finger over buzz 's scuff mark . then he check out Woody 's @amage hat , 'a quizzical look on he face . it 's tense , until ... andy I miss you guy . ( he hug they to he chest ) while you guy be lie around all summer , I be at adventure camp ! JI make a wallet ! Andy proudly produce a home - make wallet . then he stop , see bullseye lay on the bed . he pick bullseye up . andy . cool ! " of ( call downstairs ) thanks mom ! mrs . davis ( 0.s. ) ( clueless ) . you bet , Andy . Andy seat Woody on bullseye 's back . Woody fit perfectly . Andy pretend to have they ride around on the bed , then walk buzz up to Woody . andy ( as Woody ) hey buzz , want to go on a adventure ? Andy press buzz 's voice button . eo 76 - buzz voice BOX there 's a secret mission in unchart space . let 's go . Andy spread buzz 's leg apart and hop he on bullseye behind Woody . Andy pull Woody 's string . woody voice BOX ( as if to buzz ) yee -haa ! you be my favorite deputy ! Andy put they down and admire he wallet . for a split second , Woody , buzz and bullseye give each other a know wink and smile , as we : fade out .