" traffic " by Stephen gaghan base on the minisery " traffik " by Simon Moore ext . columbus , ohio - day the state capital of Ohio . it 's a impressive building for a city this size . supertitle : columbus , ohio - state capital int . ohio state supreme court - day in chamber strive for august , justice listen to a lawyer mr . rodman , argue he case before the high court in Ohio . Mr. rodman enjoy the sound of he own voice . mr. rodman this informant , pay by the police , use taxpayer dollar to continue he felony drug habit , be the link which allow police to raid a private farm . a work farm . a farm where honest Americans make they live . one particular justice , ROBERT wakefield , young than the other , be clearly bemuse by this performance . mr. rodman the government , in its haste , have employ a army of criminal whose allegiance to the truth be , at best , questionable -- judge wakefield interrupt -- ROBERT Mr. rodman ... it 's too bad you client do not show as much sense in choose what he plant as he do in choose he attorney ... a polite chuckle from the justice -- ROBERT lately the only variation I be hearing in you argument be the name of the client . and you can sit there all day argue the in and out of Illinois v. Gates , but you be not go to convince I that this country have not sanction the use of anonymous informant . ( beat ) furthermore , there be no sacred protection of property rights in the United sate . when you make the decision to have marijuana on you farm , whether it 's one joint or a acre of plant , you property can be seize and you property can be sell . mr. rodman I be sorry the court find my argument repetitious . ROBERT Mr. rodman , may I offer a piece of advice ? the next time you argue this point before this court , regardless of my whereabouts , I recommend you have something up you sleeve other than you arm . int . robert chamber - day the office be marble and dark wood . a young clerk , black , 29 , enter carry a oddly - shape gift . they both look at it . clerk what do you think it be ? ROBERT depend who it 's from . clerk ( read the card ) you friend at Warren , putnam and Hudson . ROBERT you can learn a lot about somebody from this stuff . Three category : you like I , you hate I , you want something from I . ( be : the elaborate box ) definitely third category . clerk what would a law firm want from the new drug czar ? ROBERT depend on the state . clerk ( check ) Arizona . ROBERT medicinal marijuana initiative . ( beat ) or be I be cynical ? they both laugh . Robert reach up and pull a bottle of scotch from a shelf . he pour a couple of finger in two glass . clerk maybe there 's a book in it . the clerk take one of the glass . ROBERT not by I . they toast and drink . ext . courthouse - day Robert exit , trail by a small group of reporter . he get into a car be drive by two security type . int . airplane - day Robert sit in a business class window seat . int . HOTEL room - night a expensive hotel . Robert wakefield stand at the window , look at the view of we nation 's capital . supertitle : WASHINGTON D.C. on the table the remnant of a meal . it be a steak and a small caesar salad . the wine glass be half -empty . another angle on ROBERT in front of the mirror now , try on a dark , tasteful jacket . closer on Robert in the same position , only now we be in he home . it 's daytime , and he wife barbara be help he into this same jacket . as she hand dust the lint off he shoulder we match CUT to : ROBERT in the hotel room , make the same motion . satisfied , he straighten , then turn to look at himself . omitted angle on ROBERT back at the hotel room window now . reaches to the table and lift the wine glass . CUT to : ext . dirt road - day this be the middle of nowhere . scrub cactus and dust and a heartless sun . supertitle : mexico - twenty mile southwest of tijuana . a break down - look Police sedan be park on the side of the road . it seem abandon except there be two men inside . int . police sedan - day two mexican man , State Police officer , javier rodriguez , 30' , and manuel " manolo " sanchez , 20' , wear jeans , knock - off polo shirt , and cowboy boot , wait patiently in the car . javier I have that dream again . a long pause . manolo which one ? another long pause . javier where my mother 's suffocating . they continue to wait until there be the sound of a jet engine . it grow louder as it approach . ext . the police sedan - day the shadow of a large plane cross the desert floor . then , a old DC - 3 fly fifty foot above the Police sedan . int . police sedan - day they watch the plane disappear over a small rise in the desert . they look at each other and wait some more . ext . mexican desert - later from the direction of the landing strip , a move van lumber down the road , two teenager in the cab . int . police sedan - day javi and manolo watch the move van approach . javi reach under the seat and pick up a bubble flasher . he roll down the window and plant it on the roof . he flip the switch . nothing happen . he jiggle the wire and the siren burp and the light flash . manolo and javi step from the car , smile . ext . mexican desert - day the move van slow to a stop . javi approach . the driver unhurriedly roll down the window . driver be there a problem ? javier no . there 's no problem . the driver hesitates a confuse beat then reach for he wallet . driver okay . I see . how much do you want ? the driver pull a wad of bill . javi shake he head . driver you want more than this ? javi shake he head . the driver exchange a look with he partner . driver you want something else ? javi smile . the driver get out and walk to the back of the truck . he open the rear door . there be neatly - stack crate mark with a scorpion logo and " 911 . " he reach into one of they and pull out a tightly - seal package also with the scorpion stamp on it . he turn to see javi with he gun draw . manolo , at the passenger side , have also draw he gun and be motion the partner to move to the back of the truck . javier Drop the package . put you hand behind you head . you be under arrest . the driver hesitates . he start to comply then look at javi and manolo . driver I do not understand . I think there must be some mistake . javier no , there 's no mistake . javi motion to manolo who cuff both teenager . the driver begin spew obscenity under he breath . javi put the driver in the front of the shadow . manolo follow in the move van . omitted omitted ext . dirt road - mexico - later the truck follow the shadow down a desert road . suddenly , from behind , four armored suv 's with tinted window appear , close fast . the suv 's force both vehicle off the road where they pull to a stop . a long beat as hot wind blow desert detritus past the truck . finally , the suv door open and federal police officer surround they like a swat team . the passenger door of the lead suv open and general arturo salazar , 50' , a squat , powerful presence in a perfectly press uniform get out and approach javi. salazar ( to javier ) what 's you name ? javier javier rodriguez . salazar well , javier rodriguez , you have do a very good job , but we will take care of it from here . javier stare into the implacable reflection of he sunglass . in the distance , the DC - 3 take off and roar over they head . salazar we have be follow this narco - trafficante for some time but have not be able to bring they to justice . ( to he man ) put the prisoner in the car . impound the truck . the man follow Salazar 's order . salazar ( to javi ) one question . how do you find about this ? javier a informant . salazar what be the name of you informant ? javier ( beat ) it be a anonymous tip . Salazar look at javi a beat . salazar ( to he man ) for a State Police officer , you be very well inform . let 's go . moment later javi and manolo watch the convoy of vehicle drive away . javier light a cigarette . manolo be not that General Salazar ? javier yeah . manolo what 's he do up here ? javier I do not know . something . they start for they car . omitted omitted omitted ext . del mar self -storage - day supertitle : san diego two man , ray castro , 30' , proud , ambitious , and montel gordon , 40' , suspicious of everyone include himself and always , always the smartest guy in the room , walk from a lincoln towncar toward a dumpy office . castro be talk under he breath -- castro no telltale . nothing to read . not touch my face . not even blink . no giveaway . ( beat ) how're you feel ? gordon ( key up ) I feel good . castro no more pissant basin league bullshit for we , hunh ? gordon nope . castro stretch he arm , swing they around . castro limber up , gonna stay loose , keep it all together . take this motherfucker down . they reach the door to the office . Gordon look at castro , then turn the handle . castro showtime . int . office , del mar self -storage - day it 's a cluttere , rundown work office unusual only in the extent of its ordinariness . a secretary go about she business like a somnambulist . clerk shuffle and file . castro switch into Spanish -- castro ( in Spanish ) good afternoon , lady , gentleman . we be look for eduardo Ruiz . we have a two o'clock appointment . int . office , del mar self -storage - later in a back alcove , castro and Gordon sit across a cheap table from eduardo ruiz , 40' , a entrepreneur in a expensive suit and bad hairpiece . they be wait . ruiz you ever buy a quarter ton ? not many people have . another " businessman " enter from another door and whisper in Ruiz 's ear , then leave again . ruiz so , it 's worth the wait , right ? what can I do ? Rent a huey ? have a airlift ? it 's not like you can put it in a condom up some mule 's asshole , right ? how many peasant would that take ? a line stretch from here to Mexico City -- gordon nobody say shit , eduardo -- one of Ruiz 's hand dip under the desk where we see a handgun be holster on the underside . ruiz relax . we be wait , that 's it . castro hey , you want to hear a joke ? I get a joke . why do woman wear makeup and perfume ? gordon chill out -- castro it 's a funny fuckin ' joke and it 's quick . why do woman wear makeup and perfume ? ruiz I do not know . castro ' Cause they be ugly and they stink . castro laugh uproariously . int . dea surveillance space - day on fuzzy surveillance video : castro laugh . Ruiz politely smile , one of he hand hide by the table . gordon man , you never be close enough to a woman to know how she smell . dea agent ( v.o. ) what 's he hand do ? watch he hand . anybody ? I do not like the hand . in the office the room be fill with crappy surveillance equipment . dea agent , in dea logo would outerwear , jiggle a monitor fuzzily display the view from another hide camera : Gordon and Ruiz around the cheap table . dea agent this be ridiculous this fuck thing . ( tap monitor ) look at this shit -- the first television transmission . I have better shit when I be the AV guy at junior high , swear - to - God . another dea agent come on , castro , pay attention . watch he damn hand . on the monitor another " businessman " enter the office and whisper in Ruiz 's ear . ruiz ( on monitor ) soon . another agent peer out a window through binocular . he Pov : the exterior of the office where castro , gordon , and ruiz talk . ext . del mar self -storage , san diego - day a blue van make a slow turn into the parking lot . ext . roof - day two FBI agent , in jacket read " FBI , " hide on a oppose roof . they look through high - power binocular . binocular Pov : the blue van turning into the plaza . FBI agent # 2 all right , here we go . the blue van . he binocular Pov detect three unmarked car discreetly following the van . FBI agent # 2 Three unmark vehicle . ( pick up walkie ) Three unmark vehicle accompany . the unmark car split up and one turn into the parking lot of a fast - food restaurant . the other circle around the back of a building . FBI agent # 2 it 's local . local or custom . oh , man , I do not know . look like the cavalry . FBI agent this be we show . ah , man . I do not want to share this one . int . office , del mar self -storage - continuous through the window Ruiz , Gordon and castro watch the van disappear into the bay of a storage unit . a man be pull down the door behind it when three unmark squad car roar into the lot , surround the unit , officer exit the car with they gun draw -- Gordon and castro stare in disbelief . Ruiz fire the gun under the desk which hit Gordon full in the chest , knock he backwards . Ruiz 's man run into the room pull gun . castro dive and pull he weapon , fire at Ruiz 's man , hit both of they . Ruiz bolt through another door . castro pursue , talk into he shirt collar -- castro agent down . repeat , agent down . Gordon get slowly to he foot , shaking off the blast to he kevlar , and run after they . ext . del mar self -storage - day the dea be shoot at the man inside the storage unit who be shoot back . from all over the stake - out location , dea agent emerge fire they weapon . a equal number of FBI agent emerge fire in return . nobody be aware of the other 's presence . it 's chaos , a clusterfuck of law - enforcement zeal with three compete set of good guy shouting through bull -horns , gunshot and scream . Ruiz break through the corner of the lot , cut between two building . castro emerge and chase he . ext . parking lot - day Ruiz run out the back of the storage company . he cut between park car , head for the fun Zone , a kiddie restaurant . int . the fun zone - day castro enter the fun Zone . there 's a cardboard cutout of spastic jack , a beloved comedy figure who look like a rabbit version of jar jar bink , promote the " special edition " glass : " collect all four . " there 's a enclosure fill with color plastic ball . the restaurant be empty except for a clown fill out a time card . the clown stand . clown hey dude , we be not open yet . castro make a motion for he to be quiet and keep move toward the room of color ball . Gordon enter the restaurant and follow he . a animatronic band start to play a song . Gordon see a half -hidden foot bury underneath the plastic ball at the far end of the room . he take careful aim and fire . Ruiz scream and sit up . castro pounce on he , disarming he , and rough he up . ext . the fun zone - day castro and Gordon shove Ruiz into the sunlight . they wait while they eye adjust . ruiz take I to the hospital . I be bleed to death . castro shove he forward . across the parking lot dea have open the back of the van where a quarter - ton of cocaine be spilling out onto the pavement . CUT to : int . guest house - afternoon a bong hit be expell into the air . in the live room of a comfortable , preppy guest house , private school teenager party and hang - out : cigarettes in ashtray , beer and bong on the coffee table , loud music . supertitle : cincinnati , ohio the tv be on with the sound off . the curtain be close . the four boy wear school blazer with they tie pull askew , the three girl ' clothing be also identical . some sit on couch , some on the floor . they be stone . one intense- look boy , seth abraham , 17 , wild curly hair and the attitude of a young coleridge , and a girl , caroline wakefield , 16 , really sixteen which mean she look about 12 , pretty and flirtatiously irreverent , sit at a desk in front of a powerbook G -3 play a on-line trivia game . Seth speak rapidly and precisely . seth Father of Greek tragedy ? anyone ? okay , aeschylus it be . ( hit key ) his trilogy ? the oresteia . I mean this be beautiful , can anyone stop the Seth Machine ? ( hit key ) score . thank you . madmax from omaha we own you . and tragedy be close out . Seth lean over and snort a line of coke from a mirror . he hand it to caroline who effortlessly do one . caroline entertainment . the Susan lucci section or banal Love song of the nineties ? Seth look at she . he have a crush . seth banal Love song it be . ( hit key ) hey , you wanna try something ? she nod . they both take a swig of beer . he take she hand pull she past the stone people on the couch -- in the kitchen Seth take out a box of baking soda . he tear off a square of aluminum foil . he take out a spoon . caroline watch as he dump a small amount of cocaine into the spoon . he add a pinch of baking soda . he put in a few drop of water . stir it around with the heel of a lighter . then hold the flame under the spoon . caroline what be you do ? seth ( concentrate ) just watch . he watch the substance in the spoon as it swirl and bubbles , then separate ... he pour the most viscous part onto the aluminum foil , make four separate little puddle . he quickly dismantle a ballpoint pen , make a straw . he hand it to caroline . seth inhale the smoke and hold it . caroline what be this , like freebase ? seth not like . it be . he light the flame under the aluminum foil . the puddle crackle and pop , then start to smoke -- seth go ... go ! there 's a rush of thick grey smoke . caroline catch most of it . seth hold it . she pull it in deeper and hold ... suddenly she expression change ... her eye lose they focus , she face slacken , a almost sexual response . Seth be watch she intensely . seth see ... now , you see . caroline slump back against the counter . Seth move against she , kissing she , run he hand over she breast and body . she stare over he shoulder , hold it as long as she can . finally she exhales -- caroline more . the cloud of grey smoke from she lung fill the room . CUT to : int . white house office - day the White House chief of staff meet with Robert wakefield . the Chief of staff have the floor ; he always have the floor . this be a man you do not want to disappoint . chief of staff until you officially take over the office of National drug Control policy , under no circumstance should you speak to the press unprotect , without go through this office or have someone in the room . there be a lot of interest in this town and , right now , they be all scared of you . the reason they be scared of you ... technically , you have veto power over they budget . so think about that : FBI , CIA , dea , custom , treasury , atf , defense , IRS , Radio shack and the dmv , they be all gonna want to speak to you . and that 's the good news ... you will also be meeting Senators and Congressman , each with a specially prepare question . they question be design for one thing : to make they look smart . if you lecture they , they will not think you respect they . if you respond with utter humility , they will . remember , this be about you respect for they , and the President 's respect for they . speak of which , as soon as he get back from Russia and China , we will get you in there for some face - time , let the two of you catch up . ( beat ) it would probably be a good idea for you to meet you predecessor . I will have Jeff sheridan take you over . also , four week from today you will give you first official press conference . in it you will outline the President 's strategy for win the war on drug . ( beat ) okay , anything else ? ROBERT I will be sure to let you know . int . executive build , WASHINGTON , d.c . - day Robert make he way through a warren of hallway in the endless corridor of the Old executive Building alongside jeff sheridan , 35 , a enthusiastic government employee who have find he place . sheridan I just want to be clear about one thing . I use to work for he , but now I work for you . I be not a partisan person , I be a issue person . in the next few week , if you allow I , we will get you well - verse on a incredible array of issue . the most important of which , in my opinion , be Mexico . I know everybody that you be gonna meet . it 's important that they like you . it 's not important that they like I . that 's why I can help protect you . ROBERT like you protect landry ? sheridan I see where you be go with that , but if I could just say something , which be basically that a guy like landry be so autocratic he do not know how to let himself be help ; it 's a point of pride to take every bullet , no matter who fire it , or whether it be even aim at he , which personally I think it very self - defeat . now , do not get I wrong , he 's a man of enormous integrity , but there 's a political component to this job that the General just do not have any patience for . int . office of national drug control policy - day Robert and sheridan enter the office of outgo drug czar , general ralph landry , 60' , buzz-cut , professional soldier with a sense of humor . landry be put some personal item in a box . general landry Jeff , you want to excuse we for a minute ? sheridan nod and leave . general landry ( bemuse , off sheridan 's exit ) functionary . Nice people , the schedule C 's . about twelve graduate degree apiece , but it seem sometimes all they do be start rumor . Robert and landry shake hand . ROBERT you have do a fine job here , sir. the Office of National drug Control policy be in better shape than when you find it . landry try to determine whether Robert believe this . he look around the office as if the policy be hide somewhere . general landry I be not sure I make the slight difference . ( wistful ) I try ... I really do . ROBERT there be a lot of encourage statistic . the work 's just start , but I intend to see it through . you have get my word on that . general landry you be here for two year , three maximum . what would they promise you ? Court appointment ? what ? District ? appeal ? ( check Robert 's reaction ) not Supreme ... Supreme ? ROBERT I have come in to do a tough job and that 's what I be go to focus on . General landry sigh . general landry when kruschev be force out , he sit down and write two letter and hand they to he successor . he say " when you get into a situation you can not get out of , open the first letter and you will be save . and when you get into another situation you can not get out of , open the second . " soon enough this guy find himself in a tight place . so he open the first letter . it say , " blame everything on I . " so he blame the old guy and it work like a charm . ( beat ) he get into another situation he could not get out of , so he open the second letter , which read , " sit down and write two letter . " they stare at each other a beat . then landry smile . CUT to : ext . manolo' STREET , mexico - day a cinderblock house . kid and dog in the street . a face we recognize as manolo 's peer out of a curtain into the street . int . manolo' kitchen - day the ceiling be stain , the floor sag . a cheap radio play . manolo be at the door . javi sit at a dinette table . he talk to manolo but watch manolo 's wife , anna , 20' , a nice - look , ostensibly demure young woman , as she move around the kitchen . javier relax . if they be go to kill we they would have do it in the desert . manolo they would not do it in front of all this people . they would send someone later , when we be alone . manolo tense , and throw open the window . manolo ( yell out the window ) away from the car . now ! manolo' Pov out the window as kide play in the car , sit behind the wheel . javier even if that be true , they be not go to come to you house where you be wait for they . anna he 's right . they will do it when you be walk somewhere , make it look like street crime . manolo shut you fuck mouth . nobody 's talk to you . Anna set a cup of coffee in front of javi and stare at he . int . police sedan - day javi and manolo cruise through the street of Tijuana . javier if you want she to stay out of it , then stop tell she everything . you should learn how to keep a secret . manolo she 's nosy . she hear I on the telephone . javier anyway , I do not think we will ever see they again . everything 's back to normal . ext . tijuana STREET - day Tourist hell . a cacophony of street vender , panhandler , and vehicular traffic . javier and manolo be speak with a flustered young american tourist couple . tourist woman you be a police officer . be not you go to take a report or something ? do not you want to know what kind of car it be ? tourist man it 's a Brown Ford explorer -- tourist woman it be right here . it 's be steal . I want to file a report . manolo please . file a report will not help you find you car . javier the police will not find you car . tourist woman but you be the police . javier pull out a note pad and scribbles a number . javier call this man , he will find you car for you . tourist man I do not get it -- tourist woman how will this guy know who have we car ? javier the police will tell he . there 's a beat of confusion . tourist man why will they tell he but they will not tell we ? tourist woman ( get it ) because we pay he , stupid . ( to javier ) right ? and he pay the police . and then we car appear . javier yes . better than fill out form , right ? the man reach in he wallet and offer javier a twenty . javi wave he off . javier and manolo walk back to they squad car when two suv 's come to a stop in front of they . javier and manolo exchange a look . the door slam and footstep approach . officer ( o.s. ) javier rodriguez . CUT to : ext . LA jolla golf and tennis club - day a lady luncheon in the Nancy Reagan dining room overlook a put green . the bejewel wive of successful man yammer at one another around table with rich flower centerpiece . supertitle : LA jolla , california , just outside san diego one wife , helena ayala , 32 , ex-model , with a sweetness and intelligence that almost contradict she beauty , stare out the window at a small boy , 5 , use a putter as tall as he be . helena be six month pregnant and radiant . a waiter bring helena 's starter course . her friend , nan dobb , early 40' , post junior League , a little tipsy , stewie and alex , same League , watch she -- nan duck salad ? helena mmm . nan can not believe it . nan helena , you never order duck salad . helena well , that 's true . I do not . ( be : she belly ) I think someone else be ask for it . nan well , he 's get good taste . be not it the most wonderful thing you ever taste ? I mean ever . helena it 's delicious -- stewie they be the most marvelous little creature . canard . they fly , swim , walk . and so cute with they baby march along behind . nan look for a nice sauce ala orange . everyone laugh . helena be by far the youngest in she crowd . alex it 's a very fatty bird . all that winter insulation . just like I . nan you mean all breast , just like you . alex you be bad -- nan ( singsong ) jealous , that 's all -- helena I have hear ... I can not remember where ... that it 's full of that good kind of fat , the kind you be suppose to eat -- stewie unsaturate fat -- two women in unison Polyunsaturated . helena and now there 's a good cholesterol and bad cholesterol . everything they tell you completely change every other week . I do not know why they think we should listen at all . nan what I know be duck , as cute as they be , be design by God to be eat . nan reach for a taste and the other woman lean forward also , a sea of inanity swirl around helena 's salad . ext . country club parking lot - day helena buckle she little boy , david , 5 , into the front seat of she mercede . he will not let go of he putter . helena I will put this in the back . david no -- helena all the professional keep they in the trunk . david not Tiger Woods . helena especially Tiger woods. ( share a secret ) ... actually , he keep he on the back seat . she pull the putter away from the reluctant boy and set it on the back seat . ext . HOTEL - day a modern high -rise on the waterfront playground of San Diego . helena pass the hotel in she car . int . HOTEL room - day a standard room look out at the water which be dot with sailboat and cruise ship . the bed be cover with hi - tech surveillance equipment . the equipment salesman , lonnie , 40' , who make a fetish of gadgetry , explain the finer point of operation to francisco " frankie " flore , 30' , sallow , watery - eye , in expensive clothes . lonnie Gates , myrhvold , bezo . I sell to all that guy . why ? because the technology to intrude have reach the mass . you competitor , you ex-spouse , adversary , stalker , they be at the local electronics store right now , and they be gonna be intrude on you not only through you telephone , but you fax , cell phone , pager , cable tv , musak , window , wall , air conditioning ventilation , modem , and internet connection . he walk over to the bed and the sexy equipment -- lonnie nobody have this baby , no way , not the shiznit . frederico pick up a piece of equipment . francisco I want to intercept cell phone call , digital and analog . and locate the source of the call . I need databasing capability , to cross-reference call and number . lonnie lovingly pick up a laptop computer with a sleek device attach to it -- lonnie you cellular Secretary , friend across all the digital wireless spread spectrum . ( beat ) so , Francisco , what do you do ? you a pi ? private security ? Francisco look at lonnie coldly . francisco assassin . lonnie ( not miss a beat ) assassin , okay . let 's get you start in surveillance . ext . georgetown brownstone - night the house take up most of one of the nicest block . people enter and party voice drift out . supertitle : georgetown , WASHINGTON , D.C. int . georgetown brownstone - night a power cocktail party in full swing . this be where most of the business in Washington get do . Robert , scotch in hand , listen to a smug pharmaceutical lobbyist explain the world . pharmaceutical lobbyist we in the legal drug business , and I mean merck , pfizer , the rest of my very powerful client , realize this be not a war with a traditional winner and loser , but a organism at war with itself , whose weapon of mass destruction happen to be intoxicant . and if you want a body count look no further than alcohol which rack up 80,000 kill a year . Cocaine manage a measly 2,000 . same for heroin . but , the big daddy be Big tobacco which kill 380,000 each year , which , by the way , be more people than have be kill by all the illegal drug in the last century . ROBERT ( fake it ) that 's very interesting . the lobbyist smile . Robert sip he drink . another angle on ROBERT in another room . listen to stan , overweight advocate for the United States Council of Chambers of commerce . stan it 's time , Robert , to choke some honesty out of this rural legislator ; get them to fess up that it 's pretty much prison or casino in term of they choice for economic growth . another angle on ROBERT listen to ethan , earnest advocate of harm reduction . ethan what 's the difference between prozac and ecstacy , you ask ? one 's a mattress and the other 's a trampoline . molecule do not have morality . really , think about it : some molecule change the way a serotonin re-uptake inhibitor work , it 's not suddenly a bad molecule ; it 's just a molecule . my theory : America have a real fear of short , intense experience . Robert turn away -- ROBERT ( under he breath ) like you . another room Robert at the bar get another scotch . a secretive man , tim , 40' , nerdy , sidle up beside he and whisper furtively in he ear . tim ( whisper ) chemical ? some say problem , other say solution . imagine a cloud that when it rain prohibit the growth of poppy or take the thc out of marijuana . imagine a pill that eliminate any psychological craving , from dilaudid to dove bar . Law enforcement have not let science sit on the sideline . addiction be no more relevant than polio or the Black Plague . Tim slip away into the crowd . Robert move away from the bar . another room a argument be break out between a economist and a undersecretary of defense with Robert as the audience . economist ( to the undersecretary ) you be not battle trafficker or dealer , but a market , and the market contain a paradox : if you arrest trafficker , you raise price , and you also raise profit , which bring more trafficker into the business . undersecretary ( to the Economist ) back in the real world , we be talk about Mexico and not John maynard keyne . we will spend 18 billion dollar this year on this " war , " and the question on the table every year be do we certify Mexico as a ally or not ? another man , rush phillip , a middle - age powerbroker , overhear , then join and Robert be encircle . rush phillip you want to make a difference , hit the user . you do not jeopardize we financial market by some hypocritical stance on drug consumption . we be snort it , why penalize Mexico for supplying it ? undersecretary Mexico , do not talk to I about Mexico -- economist it 's the stick of law enforcement that create the carrot of huge profit ... that 's economic truth -- rush phillip addict do not vote ; they do not have pac ; they do not spend soft money , that 's political truth -- undersecretary we be lock they up and consumption be fall -- economist the price of coke and heroin have drop and purity have increase . all this law enforcement have achieve be kid can get better stuff , cheaper . in economic term , you can forget it ; this be not a winnable war . rush phillip Christ , you want to decertify somebody , take Pakistan or Columbia . we do not need they for anything . economist if you manage to seize a inconceivable 50 percent of all drug come into this country , you will still raise the price of coke and heroin less than 3 percent which will not affect drug use at all . rush phillip why be we call this a war at all ? you do not declare war on you own people . addiction be a little worm that gnaw a house apart from the inside . michael adler , about Robert 's age , and as successful , but in a different way , approach , catch Robert 's eye through the argue demagogue . undersecretary we need Mexico for this reason : number one -- Defense ; two -- Trade ; three -- Tourism ; then , way on down the line , come drug . the President know this . why 's he hold everybody 's foot to the fire ? michael ( solemn ) Mr. wakefield , there 's a situation that need you attention right away . Robert look at Michael , squint , look closer , then follow . rush phillip ( oblivious ) one in sixteen Americans be of mexican descent . Mexico we third large trading partner ... angle on ROBERT and michael on the back porch . ROBERT you be look pretty good for a old guy . michael my work keep I young . ROBERT which part , get terrorist loose on bail or freeing convict murderer on technicality ? michael the worst serial killer in history - who ? gacy - right ? kill forty two people . we government kill fifty thousand in Vietnam and lie about it every day . ROBERT Michael , you represent drug dealer , not civil libertarian . michael we kidnap noriega out of Panama . be that cover in you constitution ? because it be not in mine . ROBERT noriega be a criminal . michael noriega be head of a sovereign nation who make the mistake of do business with the U.S. government . so , no , I do not have a problem waking up every day and fight we government , fight people like you , try to keep this system a little bit honest . ROBERT ( amused ) last I read you client be chopping people up with chainsaw and deliver illegal narcotic into this country . michael I hope when you be on the bench , judge wakefield , you do not handle the presumption of innocence in the same fashion . ROBERT if I ever return to the bench , counselor adler , I hope I have the pleasure of hearing you argument . CUT to : int . hospital emergency room , san diego - day eduardo Ruiz lie in a hospital bed , handcuff to the railing . his bandage foot be hold aloft by a sling and a tube drain the wound . he be tug on the handcuffs as castro and Gordon enter the room . gordon you plan on go somewhere , eduardo ? you do not like it here ? this be the best situation you be go to have for a long , long time . ruiz I be a legitimate business . fishing boat . tuna . check it out . tax record , everything -- gordon listen you motherfucker , you try to kill I with a fuck cannon . ruiz you can not visit I here . I want my lawyer . gordon the amount of coke we get on you mean capital punishment in some state . castro move them to Texas , fry them up . gordon we get you on tape make the deal . we get you brag about the quality . we get you brag about you business . we get you . a nurse appear in the doorway . Gordon go to the door and shut it in she face . gordon one chance here , eduardo . make we believe you get a boss . no boss , it 's all on you . ruiz it 's a death sentence . I will never make it to the trial . gordon we can protect you . Ruiz look at they in disbelief . castro who do you work for ? ruiz this be coercion . gordon that 's a big word for a fisherman . castro who do you work for ? Gordon and Ruiz stare at each other . ruiz I know another word ... immunity . CUT to : ext . ayala home - LA jolla - day a starter castle high in the hill near mount soledad , a exclusive neighborhood with view of the ocean . jogger jog to the sound of tennis and jacuzzis gurgle , and lawn care equipment operate by mexican . behind the ayala gate we see David play with he golf club on the lush lawn . worker set - up the party under the direction of a professional party planner . a BMW 740il with tinted window pull into the driveway . david daddy ! the window lower and we see carl ayala , 40' , handsome , charismatic , second generation american , in expensive , conservative clothes , cover he cell phone as he greet he kid . carl hello . hello . he go back to he phone call , pull around to the garage . David go back to he game . int . ayala dine room - day there be maids in the house and a cook in the kitchen . the large room be fill with fine art . helena ayala sit at the dining room table with plan , bill and receipt spread before she . Carl enter and pace around the room , continue he cell phone conversation . carl ( into phone ) I be sorry , jonas . I do not care if that be the price you have get in order country . helena watch she husband pace as he talk . he can not help it , but a portion of this call be theatrical , for a audience 's benefit , which in this instance happen to be he wife . helena 's expression of annoyance reset itself into love . carl this be America , a different country . I be Carl , a different man . so you see , everything about we situation be different and I believe the pricing will be different , too . ( beat , listen ) you be a reasonable man ... so take the weekend to think about it . Carl click off the phone , turn to helena . carl every day with this guy be like start all over again . Carl wind down and finally become present in the room with he wife . he look at she . she look back . carl hi . helena hi . carl what 's up ? helena just watch you . carl I get that . how be you day ? she push the topiary away from she . suddenly , she seem tired . Carl come over and put he hand on she pregnant belly . carl you all right ? helena I keep feel like I be forget something . her husband watch she , then wrap he arm around she . ext . ayala home - day Carl and helena step out on the front porch of they home and watch David play with he golf putter . outside there gate a unmark police car roll up and stop behind the wall . another arrive and another and another . officer in dea jacket exit the car . there be murmuring , then silence . helena slowly turn to look at she husband . he do not look at she . helena David , come inside -- suddenly , police and dea enter the front yard . Gordon and castro enter the yard and move quickly up the drive to Carl . carl what be this ? what be go on ? gordon Mr. ayala ? carl that 's right . gordon you be under arrest for violation of Federal narcotics law . Gordon and castro spin he , cuff he , and without emotion begin pull he from he yard . David be try to get to he father . in a kind of shock . helena trail after he . castro drag Carl into the street toward the open door of the cruiser . he push he down into the backseat . gordon we have a warrant to search you home , Mrs. ayala . Gordon hit the side of the cruiser and it pull away . Carl look at he wife through the window . Gordon and castro head up the driveway toward she house . helena be leave stand in the street . neighbor , who have appear in front yard and at the end of driveway , stare at she with suspicion . David approach and hold onto she leg . CUT to : omitted int . salazar' headquarters - anteroom - day javi and manolo wait in Salazar 's anteroom . a ceiling fan swirl the air . after a moment the door open and a aide motion to they . they stand . aide ( to manolo ) not you . you . javi go into the room . int . salazar' office - day the office be spartan and military . Salazar and javi sit face each other . Salazar look at a piece of paper . salazar javier rodriguez . twenty - nine year - old . graduate from montessori school . five year as a beat cop in tj . Three year with the State Police . Parents die four year ago in they apartment from carbon monoxide poisoning because they could not afford to fix they gas heater . you sister work in a maquiladora in juarez , make designer blue-jean . on the police force three year , you currently make 316 dollar a month . Salazar crumple the piece of paper and toss it in the trash . salazar that 's you past . I want to talk about you future . would you be willing to do something for I ? javier if I can . salazar I be try to bust the Tijuana cartel . javier what be it you want I to do ? salazar a small thing . nothing really . javier think about this . javier do this offer include my partner ? salazar only if he can be trust . javier he will do what I say . Salazar slide a folder across the desk . javier open it and see a black and white surveillance photo of the informant . salazar his name be Francisco Flores . he be a killer and gun smuggler for the Tijuana cartel . I need to speak with he . I need you to find he and bring he to I so that I can speak with he . int . police sedan - day manolo face javier . manolo this be fuck crazy . instead of kill we , he send we on a suicide mission . do you know who frankie Flowers be ? he 's a psycho-cokehead - hitman . a faggot . he 's kill fuck who know how many people . you would need half the force to get close to he . and you can not get they help because he life in fuck San Diego . javier then I guess I be go by myself . CUT to : int . airplane - day Robert wakefield sit in business class . he twist the cap off a mini-bottle of bourbon and pour it over a cup of ice . he empty a second bottle into the cup , then swirl it around on the ice . he take a sip . int . airport gate - day Robert exit with he briefcase and hang bag , two security men trail he . he see Barbara and caroline , he wife and daughter , wait by the they station wagon . they wave . int . car - day on the way home from the airport . caroline drive carefully with Barbara in the front seat and Robert in back . ROBERT what 's it like ? ( think ) imagine you be be accost by a swarm of beggar in the heart of Calcutta , except the beggar be wear $ 1500 suit and they do not say " please " or " thank you . " caroline what about legalize everything ? have anybody talk about that ? ROBERT Fine -- legalization . okay , forget all of we international trade agreement , legalize everything today . the government insert itself into all drug transaction . the U.S. become a giant pharmacy . we border be mobbed , line of people from here to Europe want to smoke , snort and shoot themselves into oblivion . barbara ( lightly ) like a grateful Dead concert . ROBERT drug begin pour out of America into every other country in the world . Canada be completely overwhelm . caroline what if every country legalize at the same time ? ROBERT ( smile ) somehow , I do not see that happen . int . wakefield dine room - evening from the hallway we see Robert and Barbara and caroline have dinner . a family tableau . we hear Barbara talk , the murmur of the day event . in the room , Barbara continue she dinner table thought . Robert have a good deal of read material stack on the table . barbara so you know we put the case before the arbitration panel , none of whom have any expertise . Superfund be just one of that word . people stop pay attention . ROBERT that 's frustrating . barbara it 's so frustrating . there be wine on the table and caroline be allow a glass . her parent watch she take a responsible sip . caroline ( to Robert ) do you meet the President ? barbara honey , you father know the President . ROBERT as it happen , the President of the United States , my new boss , the leader of the free world , have I pencile in for some " face time " . caroline will we get invite to the White House ? ROBERT I do not know . caroline how long 's the job ? ROBERT it 's a presidential appointment so ... until I quit or get fire . barbara czar for life , just like a real czar . caroline that make mom the czarina . I be a czarette . like anastasia . caroline think about this . caroline none of my friend can fuck believe my dad be the actual drug czar . barbara caroline -- caroline sorry , but I mean , come on . Robert do not know if she 's put he down . caroline it 's great , daddy . it 's just amazing , that 's all . they all look at each other . caroline sip she wine . CUT to : int . san diego jail - day in the intake area of a busy San Diego precinct , helena sit on a bench and regroup . detective move past she . handcuffed criminal be separate , bag and tag . beautifully dress man , arnie metzger , 30' , super - lawyer , know everyone from the top of the system to the bottom , slick but likable , smart and ruthless , too , separate himself from a detective he 's gladhand and approach helena . arnie helena , I be so sorry -- helena arnie , thank God . metzger sit , give she a hug . helena can you please tell I what on earth be go on ? arnie look at she as if to say , " do you really not know ? " then , he speak quietly with he hand in front of he mouth . arnie I understand . you be upset . you want to know what 's go on . that 's good . helena why be you talk like that ? arnie listen to I carefully . first of all , Carl be not here . dea 's get he and they will hang on to he until arraignment , which will probably be tomorrow . so here you be waste you time . be you with I ? he check to see if this be register . arnie good . from now on I want you to expect that every word you utter will be tape-record , that the movement of you lip be be read . get it ? helena arnie , this be crazy . he make eye contact with she . arnie get it ? ( she slowly nod ) good . do not discuss anything over the telephone . do not talk to the neighbor . stay out of you yard . helena what be he be charge with ? arnie I do not know , but under no circumstance would I talk about it here . I want you to go home and relax the best you can . continue you life as if nothing have happen . that be very important . helena arnie , I feel like Alice step through the look glass . arnie that 's a very apt analogy , helena . now , go home and be with you child . ext . build parking lot - day helena exit . her expression be set as she drive . she turn a corner in the shopping district , pass javier and manolo who be walk down the street . tourist , drunk Marines and the homeless piss away another day . we follow they into a bar with blacken window and a discrete sign . int . bar - day this be a place where man come to meet man . and it 's already lively even at this early hour . javier and manolo find a seat and wait . later javi be work on he second beer when he seem to recognize somebody . across the room Francisco " frankie " Flowers have enter the bar . javi watch he circulate through the room then settle at the bar . javier finish he beer , rise , and take the empty seat next to Francisco . manolo watch . very quickly javi strike up a conversation . we do not hear what they be say but it do not matter because Francisco clearly like javi . off Francisco 's anticipatory smile -- omitted omitted ext . military base - mexico - day the back of a blue van open and a blindfolded Francisco fall onto the ground . surround he be javi and Salazar , who watch as two of Salazar 's men drag Francisco away toward a abandon mission - style building . salazar ( clearly pleased with javi ) I be curious how you do this with such economy . javier everybody have a weakness . CUT to : ext . somebody's parent ' mansion , cincinnati - night with its old - growth tree and manipulate shrubbery , the large house be shroud in the mystery of well - heele suburbia . it be very late . int . somebody's parent ' mansion - night somebody 's parent be out of town and the house feel empty . Big empty room with expensive furniture nobody sit on . faint music echoe through the house . int . kitchen - night High ceiling of a 1930 's kitchen . vodka bottle and cranberry juice and lime be spill across a counter . on the rhode again by morcheeba play from a jam - box on a counter . maybe ten teenager be party hard in this kitchen . it 's weird and disassociate , people wander in and out , play with kitchen utensil , heavily fuck up . there be drug on a mirror on the eat - in table . caroline and Seth and two friend sit around this table . vanessa , 16 , almost pretty , be hit a freebase pipe and hold the hit . fucked - up bowman , 17 , super - preppy with a want , baby huey face , take a slug of vodka . they be jittery , sweaty , tweak , fuck - up -- caroline all I be say , what I be say , be it never seem like anybody ever say anything that matter to they , like we all look at each other and nod with response we have be train to make , not real response , just social convention , phony , fake smile , surface bullshit ... I mean , we be all smart and do we have any idea what each other be like , really like ? do I know what Seth 's afraid of , or vanessa , or fuck - up bowman ? everyone look at fucked - up bowman who grind he jaw appreciatively -- caroline ... probably , but do I ever say this stuff , just say , " hey , I be uncomfortable in this crowd , I do not know what the fuck I be do , either ? I know you be afraid and it 's okay -- " Seth 's word come quickly , they be riffing , totally in sync , totally wire -- seth we act like we have all the answer and we be totally invincible like we parent seem and they parent before they and it 's fuck bullshit -- fucked -up bowman take another slug of vodka and almost puke . fucked - up bowman for instance -- seth for instance I know you jack - off think about caroline even though you be supposedly " in love " with vanessa . whatever the fuck that mean ? ( a digression ) I mean , what be that convention , anyway ? we be all this random collection of self - interest , and then we just decide that now we be two people walk along -- caroline expel a hit of rock cocaine -- caroline and vanessa do not think she 's pretty so she do all this weird fuck diet which be totally about self - esteem . and she 's beautiful . ( beat ) and that 's not even fair . because listen to I . I be fuck lie right now . this be exactly what I be talk about ... I be supposedly talk about you , make some big point about you , and it 's really about I . so I should talk about I , not you , not even the universal " you ... " ( take a beat ) okay . okay , I be worried I be not really smart or that I be not nearly as smart as people think I be , or that my parent ' expectation have be way too high since I be five , I mean who know they be go to Harvard when they be five , not that I be blame they for anything because everything 's great , and I may not even get in , but we all feel this shit and we never acknowledge it and if we can not acknowledge it to the people we care the most about then who will we ever say it too and what kind of life will that be ? they all look at each other with love . this be a adventure and they be have a connection -- fucked - up bowman I jack - off think about Seth . everybody I know do . bowman do another huge hit of freebase . caroline ( disgust ) ach , that 's what I be talk about . sarcasm . always fuck sarcasm . you be afraid and you think if you admit it people will think you be weak or will not like you -- seth we live we life by this unspoken rule that be hand to we . they all look at each other , vibrate with the moment -- vanessa let 's be different -- fucked - up bowman I can not feel my hand . bowman look around , squinting , confuse . he 's chalk white . fucked - up bowman I be serious -- suddenly , he clutches he chest and begin to twitch . puke and foam come from he mouth . he seize and fall from the chair . vanessa scream . Seth and caroline push the table aside to get a better look . other people in the kitchen slowly take notice . vanessa he 's blue . he be not breathe -- caroline be he breathe ? bowman 's eye have roll back in he head . seth what do we do ? okay . fucked -up bowman 's turn blue . Doctor . we need a doctor . vanessa you dad 's a doctor . call he -- seth he 's a research doctor . you be dad 's a doctor , too -- vanessa what kind of research ? seth mapping the fuck pig genome . we will call you dad , he 's a neurosurgeon -- vanessa it 's three a.m . I be not suppose to be here . I snuck out -- caroline be you kid ... I be stay with you -- seth he 's gonna fuck die right here on the kitchen floor -- another kid he can not . my parent be in Barbados -- omitted ext . suburban hospital emergency entrance - night the Taurus wagon race up to the emergency room of suburban Hospital . the back door open and bowman tumble out onto the wheelchair ramp under the fluorescent light . the car screech around the circle -- across the parking lot two officer in a police car see the body tumble out of the car . the cop car wheel around and cut off the egress of the Taurus wagon -- int . ford taurus wagon - night Seth be behind the wheel . caroline and vanessa be in the back . they stare out at the cop get out of the cruiser . seth nobody have anything on they , right ? CUT to : omitted int . torture room - barracks - day Francisco be strapped naked into a chair . Duct tape cover he mouth . his face be bruise and swollen . a cruel torturer talk to he calmly while dump chili powder into a container of soda water . torturer we know Tijuana cartel gunman kill we chief of intelligence , Francisco . we know you kill police commander in Tijuana and Mexico City . why do you resist ? he approach Francisco and begin shaking up the soda water . he rip the tape off he mouth . francisco my father be rich . he will pay you . torturer not the correct answer , my friend . the torturer put another strip of duct tape across Francisco 's mouth . torturer we know that you go after the neighbor of General Salazar , a simple alfalfa farmer . his grand - daughter be shot . this be stupid behavior , Francisco . Francisco start to squirm and whimper . the torturer close one of Francisco 's nostril and spray the pepper-lace water into the other nostril . it 's like a bomb go off in Francisco 's brain . he scream and pass out . blood and mucous ooze out of he nose . int . barracks - mexican military base - day javier stand guard outside a door , listen to the strangulate scream of Francisco . he 's sicken . across the courtyard manolo ignore Francisco 's cry , while shoot the shit with several of Salazar 's men , who laugh appreciatively at something he 's say . CUT to : ext . ayala home , san diego - night valet parker in uniform work the driveway . the party be ablaze and there be light in the tree . a lester lanin - like band play a standard that drift across the grounds . ext . ayala home - night a conservative monied crowd mingle . helena be talk with a group of rich people who include she friend , nan , stewie and Alex , from the country - club , and they husband . stewie this be fabulous , helena . what a turnout . helena thank you so much , but I have a lot of help . helena circle away . as helena leave , the woman speak they mind -- nan it 's a turnout because it 's a spectacle . can you imagine ? alex I have meet she husband , as nice as they come . stewie it teach I a valuable lesson ... ( be : the nice house ) apparently crime pay . nan silly , you know that already . on the stage the band stop play and step aside as a man in a tuxedo take the microphone . behind the band be a huge " a.l.a . - adult literacy advocate " Banner . tuxedo hello . thank you . thank you all . I have the result of the silent auction ... CUT to : int . juvenile detention , cincinnati - holding cell - morning caroline wakefield lie on a bench in a grey - wall hold cell . she wear paper slipper and she belt have be remove . even youth can not disguise she hangover . int . social worker office - morning caroline be perch on the edge of she chair . across the desk from she be a tired social worker , 40' , who have be assign caroline 's case and be give she the " exit " interview . social worker ... how old be you ? caroline sixteen social worker live with you parent ? caroline yes . social worker Parents still together ? caroline yes . social worker do you work ? caroline I volunteer . I read to blind people . one day a week for two hour . social worker in school ? caroline Cincinnati country Day . the Social worker look up from she questionnaire and see caroline for the first time . social worker private ? caroline yeah . social worker how be you grade ? caroline I be third in my class . social worker what 's that mean ? caroline I get a 's . all a 's . social worker you do ? what else you do ? caroline ( she college resume ) I be a National merit finalist . I be on the hi-q team and the math team . I be in the Spanish Club . I be a thespian . I be vice - President of my class . I be on the volleyball team . the social worker push the form she 's fill out away and look again at caroline -- social worker you wanna tell I what you be do here , caroline ? int . juvenile detention - morning a cold institutional lobby with hard plastic chair and bad lighting . government worker move behind thick glass window with tiny mesh screen cut into they for talk . Barbara wakefield sit on one of the uncomfortable chair . she 's alone and have be cry . there 's the sound of heavily lock door open and caroline appear . Barbara stand and wrap caroline in she arm . barbara oh , honey . be you all right ? caroline begin to cry into she mother 's chest . ext . juvi jail - morning it 's a early morning as Barbara wakefield escort she daughter from the bland government building . caroline do you tell dad ? barbara not yet . caroline be you go to ? barbara I do not know . caroline be this bad for he ? barbara what do you think ? the street be desert . they saab wagon sit forlornly under grey sky in a uncover public parking lot . CUT to : int . david be room - night helena slip into David 's room and quietly watch he sleep . int . study - later still wear she evening gown , helena collapse into a chair , exhaust . a tap at the door startles she . it 's arnie metzger , who go to the bar and pour himself a strong one . they sit opposite each other and neither speak for a while . helena ( quietly ) I be on the board of my son 's school . I have a fundraiser for a.l.v. in my front yard . I have a right to know if my husband be a legitimate businessman . arnie of course he be . I have know he for twenty year and he do not jaywalk ... helena be relieved , but she 's not look at arnie and when she do she see he shaking he head in a very definitive , " no . " arnie stand and continue talk as he walk to the window and shut the blind one by one . arnie ... Carl be a very important member of this community and when we be through suing the police and the district attorney and the dea , they will have to rename the public park for you husband . the blind be close . arnie cross to helena and talk very softly in she ear . she 's a beautiful woman and arnie manage to make this act seem both practical and inappropriate . arnie ( whisper ) you husband be very good at he job ... helena lean back and look at arnie . he whisper more -- arnie which be smuggle illegal drug into this country . ext . ayala home - night worker break down the party under the watchful eye of the party planner . the neighborhood be quiet . there be a telephone repair van park up the street . int . van - night castro and Gordon have visual and audio equipment train on the ayala home . they both wear headsets . gordon be Pov : the blind cover helena 's study glow peacefully . castro they be whisper . I can not hear they , but I know it . I smell conspiracy . I feel the lie vibrate out of the home . gordon she be not in on it . castro I have dream about this , actual dream about busting the top people , the rich people , the white people . gordon I be tell you , she do not know shit . castro she know arnie metzger . gordon so do half of San Diego . castro you want to make a wager on this ? int . study - night the music be still play . helena look numb . she motion arnie to she . he lean in . helena if all we asset be freeze and we " sale force " have scattered ... how be I suppose to survive ? I be give birth in three month . how do I get through this ? arnie you be gonna get through it , but the first thing we do be get Michael adler to represent Carl . we get adler and we beat this thing . helena how much do I pay he ? arnie I suspect he will accept he payment in publicity . CUT to : ext . wakefield house - night a large , well - maintain Colonial on mockingbird Valley Road , a upper-middle class neighborhood in the wealthy East end of Cincinnati . leave fall on the saab wagon in the driveway . int . robert study - night Robert be look at caroline and he 's not happy . Barbara be there , at a neutral distance from both of they . ROBERT caroline ? how well do you know this boy who overdose ? she look up beseechingly . caroline he do not hang around we . he 's like one of that hippie kid . I be not part of that group . it be a party in all this room . his girlfriend who I barely know be completely hysterical ... he 's blue , he 's puke ... we do not want to get in trouble , but what be we suppose to do ? ( beat ) I mean , what would you have do if you have be we ? barbara how well do you know this boy , Seth , who be drive ? you know the police have charge he with a DUI and possession of marijuana . caroline he 's a friend . he 's also like the only one who be deal with the situation . he would definitely have a few beer , but it 's not like he want to drive . we do not know what else to do . ( beat ) it be not my pot . she search she parent ' face . it have be a convincing performance and she expect victory . ROBERT okay , honey . we understand . you be mother and I have to talk . caroline be confuse by this reaction . barbara honey , we would like to talk alone . caroline stand abruptly -- caroline like always . caroline leave the study and shut the door harder than necessary . Robert and Barbara look at each other , raise they eyebrow and breathe deeply -- ROBERT I think she 's lie . barbara I , too . ROBERT ( reach a decision ) we will ground she , clip she wing a bit . School and schedule activity and that 's it until further notice . this have to be handle delicately . Dan Kelly , in the District Attorney 's office , will probably help we out , quietly . Christ , this could be embarrassing . barbara honey , this be difficult , but we have all have we moment . I try -- ROBERT stop . you experiment in college . I do not want to hear about that . barbara should we take the quote off experiment and call it what it be ? ROBERT this be different . barbara why ? ROBERT to begin with , she 's only sixteen year - old . barbara I think she have to find out for herself , on she own . we have to allow she space -- ROBERT Space for what ? to o.d. like that other kid ? I will not send the message that this type of behavior be okay with she parent . because it be not . correct ? barbara we do not want to push she away . this be grow experience . Robert look at he wife , then it dawns on he . ROBERT how long have you know about this ? no response . ROBERT ( yell ) how long have you know ? barbara six month . I find some marijuana , that 's all . and a little pipe about two inch long . I talk with she . she say she friend smoke pot and drank -- ROBERT explain to I how you could think that I should not know about this . explain to I how this would not be relevant to I . as a parent . barbara she ask I not to . he leave the room . int . upstair hallway - night Robert be in the hallway , at caroline 's door . he open it and we get blasted with music . caroline be sit in a rock chair with headphone on . she face the window and move back and forth , back and forth . Robert call she name , but the soundtrack be drown he out . he call again , this time apparently loud enough for she to hear . she take the headphone off - the music stop - and turn to look at he . or rather , she look right through he , as though he do not exist . Robert be so take aback by the coldness of she gaze that he do not speak . she turn away from he and put the headphone back on . CUT to : ext . military base - mexico - day javier and Salazar walk across the base . Salazar be feel ebullient and it show . salazar you watch and learn . I earn he trust . then more pain . then I appear with kindness . within a week he will follow I around like a dog . javier but will he be house - train ? salazar when he love I like a father , he will never tell anyone he be here . he will freely give the name of he superior . then we get they and they too will give we name . and eventually somebody will get we to Juan obregon and the cartel will fall . they enter the barrack . int . cell - mexican military base - day it 's pitch black in the cell . there 's a human in here , but we can not see he . suddenly the door be throw open and light flood in , illuminate a very break Francisco Flores . the figure of Commander Salazar fill the doorway . salazar this be shameful . a disgrace . Francisco Flores -- Francisco cower in the corner -- salazar it 's all right , son . it 's all right . Salazar be here . you be among gentleman , now . this shameful treatment will stop immediately . ( call out ) Guard ! a guard appear in the doorway . Francisco be spook . salazar I want to know who be responsible for this treatment . guard yes , sir ! salazar we be not barbarian . guard yes , sir ! salazar bring this man a change of good clothes . have he eat ? guard I do not know , sir . salazar ( to Francisco ) you will dine with I from now on . Francisco move closer to Salazar already feel safe in he presence . CUT to : int . courthouse , san diego - day a pack courthouse . Carl be at the defense table . he do not look at helena who sit in the gallery next to arnie metzger . the prosecutor be finish he argument -- prosecutor this be a man who head a large criminal organization with international contact we can only begin to understand . we case against he be very strong . he be not a flight risk . his flight be assure . the people ask that you honor deny bail . the prosecutor sit . Carl 's defense lawyer , michael adler , from the georgetown party , stand and speak . adler my client be no more a flight risk than you honor or the able prosecutor . he be a pillar of he community , a family man with a wife and child in La Jolla , the community where he have make he home for over twenty year . as we defense will quickly show , my client be guilty of nothing more than be a handy target for a admit criminal . therefore we ask that you release Carl ayala on he own recognizance . adler sit . the judge make a quick decision . judge I be gonna deny bail . the judge slam he gavel . the crowd be on its foot . Carl try to get a glimpse of helena . they make eye contact . Reporters from the press gallery be yell for helena . arnie usher she away . ext . courthouse - day adler , arnie , and helena push through a crowd toward she car . there be several reporter there who ask question -- reporter Mrs. ayala , be you aware you husband be the large cocaine smuggler in America ? adler allege , people , alleged . helena get into she car and slam the door . adler face the reporter . reporter # 2 Mrs. ayala be it true you husband have order a hit on eduardo Ruiz ? adler be in a role he relish . helena drive away . we move up to Gordon , who be watch from the hotel window across the street . he speak into a walkie-talkie , and a car down below pull out to follow helena . adler Carl ayala sit on the board of the Children 's Hospital . he be heavily involved with adult literacy . he have a small boy and another child on the way . if you spread this kind of innuendo , you can expect legal recourse . be we clear on this point ? CUT to : int . government build - early morning the marble government corridor be empty . no one be in yet . one office have light on . int . a.d.a . kelly office - early morning Robert wakefield talk with a Assistant District Attorney , dan kelly , 40' . ROBERT I appreciate you come in so early . a.d.a . kelly judge wakefield , it 's a honor to handle it for you . consider it go away . she 's a minor ; it probably would have expunge on she 18th birthday anyway . ROBERT still , this be a sensitive issue for I and I want to thank you personally . a.d.a. kelly like I say , open container , p.i. , misdemeanor possession . easy to make it disappear . for you , poof , it 's go . a.d.a . Kelly think a moment , then try for tact . a.d.a. kelly one thing bother I ... that kid they drop off have coke and heroin in he . serious amount . he 's lucky he live . so I gotta ask : what 's you daughter on ? ROBERT I do not know what you mean . a.d.a. kelly I mean , do you ask she ? what kind of drug have she try ? Robert be silent for a beat . ROBERT I ... I do not really know . a.d.a. kelly be she in any kind of therapy ... professional help ? ROBERT no , of course not . she 's one of the top student at she school . a.d.a. kelly well , I hope it stay that way . int . robert car - early morning Robert in he car , think . the street be empty . he pick up the cell phone . ROBERT ( into phone ) it 's Robert . wipe you schedule clean for the next three day . I be tired of talk to expert who never set foot outside the beltway . it 's time to see the front line . int . caroline wakefield bathroom - morning caroline sit on the toilet in she private bathroom . she 's not go to the bathroom , it 's a seat and she 's wear she pajamas . she 's read a magazine . the exhaust fan be on . there be picture of she and she friend on the wall : goofy picture from camp , from school , a collage she 's make with cutout from magazine picture and copy . on the sink next to she be a little square of well - char aluminum foil ; she 's do many hit . she lean over and pick up a small piece of crack cocaine from a small pile in she soap dish . she drop it on a clean place on the foil . she pick up a lighter and the tube of a ball point pen she 's turn into a straw . she heat the bottom of the foil . the crack " crackle . " she chase the smoke across the foil . a huge hit . she lean she head back , she eye roll back , she try to focus on the magazine , on anything , she stare up at the ceiling . she hold it as long as she can then blow it toward the exhaust fan . caroline look at she watch . it 's 7:20 . she stand suddenly , unsteadily . she look at herself in the mirror . she 's really high and indecisive . she look around wildly . she see the shower . she turn it on . she drop she pajamas . she go back to the foil and hit another piece of the rock , take another really big hit . she crush the foil and flush it down the toilet . she hop in the shower . in the shower the water stream over she face . after a long beat she finally exhales the smoke of the hit through the water and steam . she 's in ecstacy . it 's almost time to leave for school . CUT to : ext . LA jolla playground - day helena read a book , Madame bovary by gustave flaubert , and keep a eye on David , who be play on the monkey bar . across the road at a careful distance be the ubiquitous telephone repair van . on the roof a parabolic mike swivel around . int . telephone repair van - day castro and Gordon watch helena via a small surveillance monitor . gordon you should see little montel play . Little montel be the next maradona . castro maradona be a cokehead . Hand of God , my ass . we be waste we time here . gordon he win . he be a winner . that bother you . castro winner do not do coke . or have not you be read the bumper sticker ? Gordon look at the monitor -- gordon what do we have here ? on the monitor : David kick a soccer ball with a older strange man , tigrillo , latino , 40' , fit and tough look . the man be very good . he juggle the ball and bounce it off he head and David follow he away from the center of the playground . ext . playground - continuous helena notice David move away while play with the man . she follow , then begin to jog after they . helena David , come back here this minute . David ! as she close distance the man stop juggling the ball and abruptly pick up David and begin swinging he around by he arm . David be have fun as helena approach . helena David -- david we be play ! the strange man swing David up so that he 's under he arm . strange man yeah , this be fun . helena please put down my son . the man hold David . strange man should not let you kid wander off with stranger . helena thank you . that 's a valuable lesson . David , come on . the strange man hold David tighter so that he 's no longer have fun . he begin to wriggle -- strange man Mrs. ayala -- this get she attention -- strange man you husband owe a lot of money . enough that snap this kid 's neck would not nearly cover it . David begin to cry . helena look around wildly for help . strange man you better come up with it in a hurry or you kid be go to disappear , and he will not turn up until the evening news . he drop David who run to he mother . strange man you get exactly one warning . the strange man move away across the field . strange man the first payment be three million dollar . he continue walk away . int . telephone repair van - day Gordon and castro stare with rapt attention . gordon be you get this on tape ? castro I love my job . I love it . the next time I be have a bad day you gotta remind I of right now and I will get over it . CUT to : ext . barracks - night javier and manolo stand guard outside the front door of the dining hall . javi smoke a cigarette . manolo a group of we be go out tonight . javier who ? manolo guzman , tomas , esteban -- javier you new friend . manolo yeah . it should be fun . you wanna come ? javier not this time . int . dine hall - barracks - night Francisco and Salazar eat at a beautifully set table . they be wait on by military officer who serve perfect flan at the end of the meal . francisco in my home I have b&amp ; W speaker . I recently purchase a compact disc burner . I can make my own cd 's , with whatever music I like , as if I buy they at the store , only I do not have to pay this crazy price . salazar we have much in common . we both attend school in the United States , and both of we father be engineer . francisco I get into stereo equipment when I be a kid . some people do not notice the difference but it be very important to I . salazar of course it be . have some more wine . a soldier pour another glass of red for Francisco . salazar now , Francisco , my friend ... I must know where this man be who kill my captain . not where they be last week , but where they be today , and better still , tomorrow . you be clever . you can predict where they will be , can not you ? Francisco begin to weep . Salazar slide a pad of paper toward Francisco who slowly begin write . ext . tijuana neighborhood - day manolo and javier pound on the front door of a apartment . a man open the door and they grab he . ext . tijuana street - day a man walk down the street . two suv 's pull up in front of he . he start to run . Salazar 's man jump out and chase he . Francisco be in the backseat of one of the suv 's , watch . ext . tijuana - day a suv pull up to a curb . int . suv - day javier and manolo and Francisco sit in the suv . Francisco be weep . francisco I can not go home . I do not want to go . please do not make I . he look beseechingly at they . javier it 's not we decision . francisco I will be kill . javier stop complain . nobody know what you have be up to . they push he out of the suv . CUT to : int . san diego jail - day castro and Gordon sit with eduardo Ruiz in a conference room . they be recording he statement . ruiz carlos , I mean Carl , start out in the family connection business : real estate in Tijuana , fishing boat out of ensenada , hydroponic raspberry . he meet up with the obregon brother of the Tijuana cartel who be interested in two thing : enter society and use he fishing boat . gordon so you pay off we custom official ? ruiz in Mexico law enforcement be a entrepreneurial activity , this be not so true for the USA . ( condescending ) use regression analysis we make a study of the custom lane at the border and calculate the odd of a search . the odd be not high , and we find variable that reduce the odd . we hire driver with nothing to lose . then we throw a lot of product at the problem . some get stop . enough get through . it 's not difficult . castro you would think he be not sit here face life in prison . ruiz this have work for year and it will continue to work for year . nafta make everything more difficult for you . the border be disappear . ( point at they ) you people be like that japanese soldier leave behind on desert island who think that World War ii be still go on . ( with total disdain ) let I be the first to tell you , you government surrender this war a long time ago . gordon ( to castro ) this attitude 's not gonna help he any , be it ? ruiz I get greedy . I decide to bring a little in on my own and somebody tip you off . that be my mistake . Carl would never be so stupid . gordon he hire you . that be a mistake . ruiz Carl and I be friend from childhood . he be loyal , that 's not a mistake . ext . tijuana - san diego border crossing - day car after car , a unending multi-lane stream of vehicle move into the U.S. any of this car could be carry drug . int . custom control booth - day on a elevate walkway , this booth command a view of everything . Robert and sheridan listen to a official give the spiel . official the busy land border crossing in the world . over forty - one thousand vehicle per day , twenty - two thousand pedestrian on foot . I think we do a pretty good job but we know a lot of drug be still get through . ROBERT any idea how much ? official I have read official estimate but I would not bet my house on they . I have hear the entire cocaine supply for the United States can fit into four tractor-trailers . ( gesture to the traffic ) at least a half - dozen of that car right out there be carry a load of dope , with driver employ by people who do not give a damn if they be catch or not . ROBERT what do you look for ? official we ask question and measure the answer . when something do not ring true , a fact that do not make sense , a slight hesitation , then it 's off to secondary for a closer look . before nafta we have about 1.9 million truck a year . now it 's almost double . pretty soon there will be mexican truck company that will have as much freedom in crossing the border as american truck company . ROBERT any way we can do it better ? official sure . more money in intelligence on they side of the border . so we have a better idea who we be look for . more dog . more people . suppose to be get some giant x- ray machine to run the truck through . outside of martial law that 's about the best you be gonna do . ( beat ) but , I should tell you , there be two thing that really have we on edge right now . ( beat ) in the last six month seizure have triple , even though we be pull over the same number of car . what do that tell you ? ROBERT that triple the amount of stuff be go through . official right . but , that 's not the biggest problem . one of we Intel officer pick up information from dea that trafficker have come up with a process , a chemical process , to turn coke into something else . it do not smell like coke . it do not look like coke . and what 's worse , it do not react to field test . it could be anything . maybe it 's already happen . I mean , how would we know ? Robert look out at the border activity . it 's anarchy . CUT to : int . ayala study - afternoon helena be on the floor surround by papers . she 's make pile of certain thing : article of incorporation , shipping / transfer documentation , bank statement , credit card statement . she hold a telephone to she ear -- helena ( to phone ) yes , hi Jenny , account number 4168 2245 3173 ... I need a cash advance . helena walk into she kitchen . it 's serene in the afternoon light . she fix ice- cold lemonade and fill two plastic cup . helena what 's the large amount I can get ? ( listen ) okay , I guess that will have to do . helena hang up the phone . she take the two cup of lemonade to the front door and step outside . ext . ayala home - afternoon helena carry the cup down the driveway . she press a button and the gate swing open . int . telephone repair van - afternoon Gordon and castro listen to they headsets . suddenly -- voice ( o.s. ) ( over they headsets ) okay . she 's come out . she 's leave she property . okay , she seem to be head for the van ! she be approach the van ! castro and Gordon look at each other . gordon what do we do ? castro I do not know . there 's a knocking at the door of the van . gordon what do you think she want ? castro she 's you girlfriend . open it , talk about you kid . Gordon open the door . helena be stand there with the lemonade . helena I so hope I do not startle you . I think you might like some cold lemonade . gordon uh ... thank you . she hand the cup to he . helena gather herself . helena I know this be a difficult situation and you be only do you job . I do not bear you any ill- will , but I do have a small favor to ask . castro you want to ask we a favor ? helena a man threaten my child . this charge have attract a lot of attention and it seem to be bring all the nut - job out of the nut jar . ( beat ) would you keep a eye out for anything out of the ordinary . I do not know what else to do . gordon of course , we will . helena thank you . they shut the door to the van and sit for a moment . castro it 's probably poison . Gordon take a big sip of he . gordon it 's good . not too sweet . CUT to : omitted omitted omitted ext . tijuana STREET - morning this be a questionable neighborhood push up against the edge of poverty . Anna hurry across the street . ext . javi be apartment build - morning Anna walk up the stair of a rundown building . she pass two prostitute loitering in the stairwell . she knock on a door and javi , half - dress for work , answer . he 's surprised to see she . javier Anna . what 's wrong ? what do you want ? anna I can not find manolo . javier he 's not here . anna he never come home last night . be he with you ? javier no . he let she into the apartment . int . javi be apartment - morning a small , clean room with a partition for the sleep area . anna I be worried . last time he be out late , I go through he clothes while he be asleep . she pull out a plastic packet with the scorpion insignia and 911 stamp on it . javier think a beat . javier I will find he . ext . alley - tijuana - day javi slam manolo against the side of building . javier what the fuck be you do ? you be suppose to be at work . look at you . manolo be sweaty and crazy - eye . manolo it 's no problem . I be just with everybody we work with . javier oh , really . General Salazar be there ? manolo no , but a lot of other people . you should come . you should come out with we . javier go home . get clean up . get to work . Salazar be head down to Mexico City next week and I be not get leave behind . do not fuck this up . CUT to : ext . coffee kiosk - tijuana - day javi busy a cup of coffee . he turn . two man , who will come to be know as agent hughes and agent johnson , be stand close . agent Hughes speak without look at he . hughes the word go around be you be not that happy in you work . ( beat ) maybe we can help . Hughes stick a business card in javi 's pocket . javi watch they walk away . it 's all do so smoothly and quickly , it 's over before javi even know what happen . ext . west end - cincinnati - day it 's the bad part of urban Cincinnati in the daylight : project and blight row house . Seth and caroline walk with a slouched , alert air . in they mind 's eye they be prep-school gangster follow a familiar route . seth you know my dad take eight red cold pill every day ? he and my mom have cocktail hour every night , from six to seven , set you clock , two bourbon -- caroline maybe we could show up and smoke a little rock with they to unwind -- seth yeah , then some dope to take the edge off at the end of a long day . caroline have you do you homework , honey ? seth yes , mom -- caroline then here 's a little bump . they turn down a street with a lot of activity on it . seth drug be not even a problem until a hundred year ago when the white man in power declare they a problem . opiates . but , who be use them ? chinese immigrant . slave labor . and the darky up in the inner city dance to they evil rhythm of ju - ju music . people on the fringe . artist . decadent rich people . and who get scared ? White man in power . who 's scared today ? White man in power . if j.p. Morgan and John D. rockefeller ever admit use , it would be a whole different story . two young STREET dealer fall in step with they . one talk without move he lip -- STREET dealer what you want ? seth 911 , and the come down . one dealer hurry ahead toward the doorway of a fall - down building . STREET dealer how much ? seth two hundred of C , hundred of the other . the dealer look they over . he look behind they down the street . caroline come on ... we have be here before . STREET dealer then , let 's see you money . Seth and caroline be suspicious . they carefully show money they both have in they front right pocket . the dealer feint like he might grab it . STREET dealer up the step . you the expert . you know what to do . they hurry up the step into the dingy brownstone . int . row house - day they step into the narrow foyer between the outer door and the inner door . there be three other people wait nervously . a older junkie shoot they a crazy look -- junkie what be you two , about twelve ? caroline fuck off . they wait . finally , the first dealer appear in the inner door and let they through . int . first floor corridor - day they wait in a line in the narrow , poorly light corridor . at the end of the hall a hatch in a door slide back and the drugstore be open . people buy and leave . Seth and caroline approach . in the hatch be a harden dealer , 20' , name sketch , which be tattooe on he forearm . he check out caroline 's body . seth caroline , give I you money . she hand over she money to Seth who pay and get the drug : gram baggy of rock stamp with a scorpion and " 911 , " and wax - paper bindle of heroin , also label , " 911 . " caroline have be watch the transaction . sketch make slow eye contact with caroline . after a beat -- sketch Goodbye ... caroline . Seth and caroline make they way out of the building . seth ( under he breath ) yeah , right . ext . build - day Seth and caroline hold hand as they hurry down the step . the lookout speak without move he lip . STREET dealer now , get the fuck out of here . caroline stop suddenly . she pull Seth to she and kiss he hard . there 's no better moment than the one right after scoring before you start use . ext . villa elaine - day a flophouse of the seediest variety : wino in the doorway , prostitute take care of business , everyone fresh out of institution and graveyard . int . villa elaine - day they approach the front desk which be behind six inch of glass . seth we would like room 205 . deskman then you hand I twenty - eight dollar . int . room 205 - villa elaine - day they enter and the light bulb go out . Seth fumble he way to the mini-fridge , which he open , throw feeble light across the floor . they check out the decrepit room : the sloping mattress , the black and white television bolt to the bureau . the mini - fridge . caroline bounce on the bed . they be teenager . Seth prepare the drug by the light of the mini-fridge . seth I love this place . Seth dump the drug on the bedside table . from other pocket he extract aluminum foil , lighter , tube . she trail away watch he fix the first hit . seth do Courtney Love play Nancy in syd and Nancy ? caroline I think so . if she do not she should have . ( check she watch ) I have only get maybe a hour . then volleyball practice be over and I have to be home . seth why ? nobody 's there . he prepare the first hit . she do it and lie back . he do one . caroline ( blow out the hit ) the may ... they ask she what time I get back . she spy for they . Seth start kissing she . they try to get into it , but both of they be think about the drug . caroline I wish we could stay here . just be here forever and ever . make it a little home . she lean over to snort a tiny line of heroin . seth I want to have sex and do a hit right as we be come . caroline 's distract by the line she 's snort . after a while ... caroline okay . Seth begin undoing she jeans . CUT to : int . epic bunker lobby - day supertitle : EL paso , TEXAS Robert and sheridan listen to the official tour of the epic center deliver by the special - agent-in - charge , 40 , a sincere weight - lifter with a sincere crew -cut . special -agent-in-charge ... over 200 dea field agent , a budget of almost 100 million dollar and state of the art communication equipment make the El paso information Center the drug enforcement administration 's flagship for the 21st century . int . epic bunker cafeteria - day a huge lunchroom . Long plastic institutional table and agent mind they own business , Robert , sheridan , and they Epic guide walk through . they pass a wall of black and white head shot -- ROBERT who be this guy ? special -agent-in-charge Agents who die in the field . ext . binocular Pov - day of large mansion with manicure grounds . the back lawn be fill with child , balloon , a merry - go-round , and pony ride . it 's a sumptuous child 's birthday party . special -agent-in-charge that house , that you see from the dea headquarters , belong to porfirio madrigal -- the Lord of the Skies , large trafficker in Mexico . angle on ROBERT look through the binocular . ROBERT he die in a liposuction surgery , right ? special -agent-in-charge right . now it 's use by somebody from the juarez cartel , one of he lieutenant ... who know ? ( beat ) every damn day there 's birthday party . at first I think they must have three hundred child , then I realize they be taunting we . Three mile away and we can not touch they . ha , ha , ha . binocular Pov : a child run in circle hold a clutch of color balloon . ROBERT who do we interface with on they side ? special -agent-in-charge what do you mean ? ROBERT I mean , who run interdiction on the Mexico side ? special -agent-in-charge I do not know . I do not think there 's any one person . ( think ) see the problem be the juarez cartel own everything and everybody , all the property on the mexican side , sometimes all the property on both side . Warehouse , transportation , even tunnel . it 's very organize . ext . tramac - day Robert , walk with purpose , lead he group to they plane . int . military jet - day Robert and sheridan and several dea , Law enforcement , and military official . it 's a nice plane , use for important people and Robert have the best seat . ROBERT I want everyone think out the box for a second . what be we gonna do about Mexico ? ( silence ) come on , guy . out of the box . the man on the plane just stare at he . finally the rep from dea lean forward . rep from dea unlimite fund ? ROBERT unlimite . rep from dea from a dea standpoint we need a vetted task force and match fund . and cut the red tape on get they equipment and training . Robert turn to the other . ROBERT come on . I want to hear from everyone : FBI . custom . treatment . be there anyone from treatment on this plane ? ( no one answer ) then I want a answer for why there be not anyone from treatment . ( beat ) look , we know we have to bust one of this cartel , juarez or Tijuana , not just as a symbol , but hell yes , also as a symbol - they be symbol - and there 's nothing wrong with send a message . that 's why when carlos ayala hire Michael adler lead defense , I fly Ben Williams to San Diego to prosecute . because he 's the best we have , he 's we symbol that we be serious about put the top people away . ( beat ) so , as of right now , this flight only , consider the dam on new idea throw open . still , no one else say anything . they watch Robert impassively . ROBERT if I be not mistaken , we get dea , Pentagon , U.S. attorney office , about a billion dollar of budget right here . so what be you people wait for ? CUT to : omitted ext . san diego office build - day establish shot of a tall glass building in the downtown skyline of San Diego . int . arnie metigger office - day helena and arnie enter he office . the furniture be sleek mid-century modern , and the view of the harbor be extraordinary . arnie on a clear day you can see Mexico City . arnie stand very close to helena and look at she profile . arnie this place be sweep twice a day . I learn that in Miami in ' 85 . then the U.S. shut down the whole Caribbean , but it 's a big game of wack - a- mole . knock it down in Miami , it pop up here . and San Diego be so much more relax . helena arnie , I need money . somebody threaten my child . they want a first payment of three million dollar . arnie helena , if I have it I would give it to you , but I do not have that kind of money . helena arnie , help I . do not anyone owe we money ? arnie yes , I tell you before , there be people who owe you money but they be not pay . there 's too much heat on Carl . helena please . tell I who Carl sell to . arnie think . arnie even if I know I would not tell you . you do not want to come into contact with this people . only Carl know who they be . that 's he real asset . Ruiz do not know they . they do not know Ruiz . Church and State . helena what about legitimate business ? we own a construction concern , real estate -- arnie laundromats for the wash of money . unfortunately , Carl have only one successful business . helena do not you have some good news ? be not there something positive you could say . there be not . helena look arnie in the eye . helena ( vulnerable ) sometimes I wonder what I will do if Carl do not get out . I be not very adept at be on my own . I have always have a man in my life . always . arnie I remember when I first meet you : little helen watt from the wrong side of somewhere . I have a feel even then that you survival instinct be pretty well hone . helena I be glad you think so , but I be picture a debt-ridd , thirty - two year - old mother whose ex-husband be be compare to Pablo escobar . ( beat ) and I be wonder who would want to be with someone like that ? it take a great effort for arnie not to answer . CUT to : omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted int . armore suv - mexico - day javier and manolo ride through a nice neighborhood in Mexico City . javi be not familiar with the road and drive cautiously . a young lady , rosario , early 20' , sexy and vulnerable , ride in the back of the suv . rosario you two do not like I , do you ? manolo laugh and look she up and down . javi watch she in the rearview mirror . javier we do not have a opinion on you . rosario ( to javi ) maybe it 's because I be get a apartment nicer than anything you will ever see in you life ? javi say nothing . rosario ( be : the neighborhood ) I can not believe the old man keep he promise . javier the General be a man of he word . rosario they will say anything to get what they want , but then you remind they , it 's always tomorrow , tomorrow , tomorrow . ( beat ) occupational hazard , I guess . javi just look at she in the rearview mirror . rosario his friend be give we the apartment so it 's not like he pay . it 's more like a favor . javier pull the suv to the curb in front of a beautiful colonial - style apartment complex in the verdant neighborhood . ext . verdant neighborhood - day bird be chirp . javi wait in the car as manolo take the young lady 's bag from the vehicle and carry they up the walkway to the arched doorway . he knock on the heavy wooden door . rosario you do not have the key . oh that 's perfect . be you a idiot ? manolo knock again . they wait a long beat . manolo there 's suppose to be someone here to let you in . finally , the door swing open and a bodyguard be stand there . Rosario squeal and sweep past he into the vast space . the bodyguard motion for manolo to put the bag inside the door . manolo set the bag down and see another man stand a few foot away . the man wear sunglass . his complexion be strange and he neck be bandage . the body guard escort manolo back outside where he hear Rosario 's happy laughter drift down from a upstairs window . int . suv - day manolo get into the truck . he 's shake by what he 's just see . manolo madrigal 's alive . javier what ? manolo porfirio madrigal be not dead . I just see he . a long beat as javier consider this . javier this be why Salazar be so interested in clean up Tijuana . madrigal , who 's suppose to be dead , own he . and madrigal be make a move on Juan obregon . javier calmly drive away . manolo javi ! come on . do not pull this you do not care bullshit . this be incredible information . it must be . javi -- javier we keep we mouth shut . CUT to : int . barbara' car - night Barbara drive Robert home from the airport . there 's a sense they have be silent for a while . ROBERT I think we may have find we mexican drug czar . it 's this General , Salazar . at least I will have somebody on the other side I can talk to . barbara do this mean you be go to be go more ? a long silence . ROBERT possibly . another silence . barbara you might want to pencil in a little face - time with you daughter . ROBERT Barbara -- barbara because I be at the edge of my capability , Robert . ROBERT the first thing we have to do be present a unify front . barbara if you start in on the war metaphor I be go to drive this car into a fuck telephone pole . ROBERT look , I be as worried as you be -- barbara no , I do not think so . leave I alone , give I money . that 's what I get from we daughter . she have a way of shutting I out that seem very familiar . ROBERT yeah , well , she have a way of self - medicate that probably seem familiar , too . she look at he , stung . barbara I be not the one who have to have three scotch just to walk in the door and say hello . ROBERT I have a drink before dinner to take the edge off my day . that 's different . barbara oh , it be ? ROBERT yeah , because the alternative be to be bored to death . ext . wakefield house - night he car pull into the driveway . Robert get out . Barbara do not . he look back at she . barbara why do not you go in and tell you daughter how bored you be . she put the car in reverse and drive away . he stand for a moment , steaming . int . wakefield house - night Robert wakefield step inside he home . it 's very quiet . he check the mail on the hall table . int . upstair hallway - night Robert walk down the hallway . he step into caroline 's bedroom . int . caroline wakefield bedroom - continuous Robert stand outside she close bathroom door . there be nothing , then from the other side of the door , the faint sound of a lighter clicking . again and again , then a cough . int . caroline wakefield bathroom - night caroline sit on the toilet . glamour Magazine on she lap . she 's wild - eye and paranoid . the exhaust fan be run . the aluminum foil be on the sink . the last little bit of heroin in a wax - paper bundle sit beside it . she 's listen hard for any SOUND in the house . what she 's wonder be if someone be outside the door listen . she put a piece of crack on the foil and listen hard once more before lighting it . she do the hit . and seem to feel better . suddenly there 's a pounding on the door . the voice of she father muffle through the solid wood . ROBERT ( v.o. ) ( muffle by the door ) caroline . open this door immediately . caroline be up like a shot . she look around . the pounding on the door get stronger . she crumple the foil and drop it in the toilet . the bathroom door sound like it 's about to cave inward . caroline ( fake the best she can ) who be it ? I be go to the bathroom . she 's cope now , full parallel process mode : she dump the last heroin on the back of she hand and snort it , check she nose in the mirror as she reach for a can of air freshener which she spray into the air . caroline one minute . she take the remain crack , lighter , tube , little smudgy druggy bit of paraphernalia and carefully place it all in a hide place above the bathroom cabinet . she pause a beat , then open the door , and try to brush by she father while avoid he eye . caroline Excuse I -- Robert grab she by the arm . he push she against the wall and look at she pupil . he look at she fingernails . the blister on she thumb from work the lighter be red and irritate . ROBERT you be not go anywhere , young lady . she stand there ; she 's very high . Robert sniff the air . he throw open cabinet , search for drug . he see the smudge mark on the counter leave by the char aluminum foil . ROBERT where be it ? where be the drug ? ( yell ) where be they ? caroline fuck you . I be not do anything . you be like the gestapo . Robert kick the cabinet . ROBERT fuck I ? oh , okay . fuck I . fuck you . Robert be lose it . he throw stuff around the bathroom and then , for the first time , look up . he see the long light in the box atop the medicine cabinet and it dawns on he . ROBERT I be go to ask you one time to tell I the truth so that I can help you . she just stare . ROBERT okay , young lady , that 's it . caroline like I give a fuck . Robert reach above the medicine cabinet and pull out a char spoon . it confuse he . he throw it into the sink . he pull out another spoon . he pull out crumpled bindle , roll up , encrust dollar bill , exhaust lighter , a pill bottle , a empty pint of vodka . the detritus of drug addiction keep on come , fill up the sink . Robert stare at it , the amount and complexity have he momentarily baffle . ROBERT what be wrong with you ? what ? ( beat ) you be go away . you be get help somewhere . caroline you can not make I . ROBERT oh , yes I can . CUT to : omitted omitted omitted int . - san diego - day javier drink toward downtown . he 's sip a Burger King soft-drink . on the seat next to he be a shopping bag from target . he take a exit . javier pull into the underground parking lot of a fancy office tower . int . police sedan - day javi drive down to the third floor underground . he pull into a parking spot next to a white sedan . he slide open the cargo door of he van . the cargo door of the sedan open . javi quickly get into the sedan . int . sedan - day special Agents Hughes and Johnson welcome javi. javier where be we go ? Hughes stick out he hand . hughes special agent Hughes , drug enforcement administration of the United States . javier ( ignore the nicety ) where be you take I ? the agent exchange a look . johnson somewhere safe . javier where ? johnson a place we have , that we know be protect . javier no . hughes it 's really safe . javier not for I . johnson okay . where would you like to go ? ext . swimming pool - HOTEL - day javi and Agents Johnson and Hughes stand in the middle of the shallow end of a large swim pool . kide in waterwings splash nearby . javier it 's important that we work together . Mexico . America . one hand wash the other . johnson we agree . javier so ... maybe you tell I about you informant in we operation . johnson ( confuse by this ) we think maybe you would have that kind of information for we . javier ( feign surprise ) this be a very different proposition . Johnson and Hughes exchange a glance . johnson we pay for that kind of information . a fat kid in a inner-tube float behind they . johnson be that what you be talk about , javier ? javi make eye contact with one agent , then the other . javier ten year ago Tijuana have no drug problem . now it be epidemic . ( beat ) ten year ago America take a hammer to Pablo escobar , a hammer to the Miami drug trade , and you allow everything to move to my country . you dumped the problem at we foot . now , drug use be epidemic . now , the treatment center be full and get no state money . they survive on donation and what they get for building doghouse to sell to the U.S. ( beat ) we need light for the park so kid can play at night . so they can play baseball . so it 's safe . everybody like park . everybody like baseball . ( beat ) what I be talk about be I would like to see somebody take a interest in Tijuana . that 's what I be talk about . javi start to get out of the pool . hughes javi , you want to come see we again , you be go on the box . no more of this water - wing bullshit . int . parking garage - day javier get out of the dea sedan and back into he . he drive away . int . sedan - day Agents Hughes turn to agent Johnson . johnson you wanna tell I what the hell that be all about ? hughes he 's get something . we just have to be patient . CUT to : int . jail visitation room - day helena and Carl each hold a telephone receiver as they stare at each other through a thick pane of meshed glass . helena be barely hold it together . it 's hard for Carl to see she like this . after a beat -- carl how 's David ? helena how 's David ? how 's David ? he 's terrific , Carl . carl helena -- helena we watch he father get drag away by federal agent . I do not even know how to begin to tell he where you be or when you be come back ... or if you be come back . she can not even look at he . carl ( beat ) we will get through this , I promise . I will make it up to you -- helena ( snap ) how ? supportive letter from prison while I be be kick out of we home ? ( beat ) do you have any idea what be happen out here ? we credit card be max . the people at the bank , you should see they face when I walk in there . I have a letter from the government tell I that anything I sell from we house will be take against a income tax lien . we friend be behave like the crowd at a public hang . nobody will help we . nobody will take we in . nobody want anything to do with we . so tell I , Carl , how you be gonna make it up to I . ( lose it ) tell I again how we will get through this , and maybe while you be at it you can put you hand up against the glass so we can have a tender moment of connection . carl helena -- helena tell I what to do , Carl . I need guidance , not a fuck platitude . ( beat ) I be not bring a child into the kind of life I grow up with . I will not do it . I want we life back . Carl look at he wife as if he be try to weigh she . he think , then lean forward -- carlo I build we house and I do not want to lose it . every stone , every brick , every board . ( carefully ) my business ... that would take a lot of private study ... ( he blink ) that you do not have time for . I suggest you look into the coronel ... ( he blink again ) into sell it . if you can stomach it , you should look into it . that painting be very valuable . helena I do not understand . carlo look into the coronel ; otherwise , there be nothing to do . CUT to : ext . serenity oak - day a peaceful wood campus with a unobtrusive sign read , " serenity oak treatment facility . " int . meeting room - serenity oak - day there be say on the wall : " easy do it ; " " let go and let God ; " " turn it over ; " " one Day at a time ... " " h.a.l.t. -- hungry ? angry ? Lonely ? tire ? " caroline , wear a thick , woolly sweater , and the other patient sit around on beat - up couch and chair in a loose circle . it 's a mix bunch : trucker meth-head , rocker dope - fiend , yuppie crack -head , fat , thin , rich , middle - class , and all white . caroline be the youngest . marty , 40' , a overweight alcoholic , finish he " share . " marty so it be my birthday a my ex- wife be get remarry and I be in some church basement tell a bunch of stranger how it be a good day because I do not have to eat out of a dumpster . that be enough to send I out on big one . ( beat ) I have be think a lot about the first step : that I come to believe I be powerless over alcohol and that my life have become unmanageable . ( beat ) see my disease tell I I do not have a disease . that I be fine . that it 's my birthday and I can have one little drink , then one little line , then one little valium , then two more fat line , then two more 10 mile valium ... six month later I wake up in a sober live house in Philly . and I be from Dallas , people . ( beat ) it 's a disease -- a allergy of the body and a obsession of the mind . I know that now . so my name 's marty and today I be a grateful recover alcoholic who do not eat out of a dumpster . thanks . and marty look to caroline who do not relate to one word he say . caroline ( slowly , very nervous ) hi. I be caroline . I be not sure I be a alcoholic . ( beat ) I mean I do not really like to drink . for someone my age it 's so much easier to get drug than beer . I do not know , this be really weird and I be really nervous ... people in the room nod encouragingly . caroline I guess I be angry . I mean I think I be really angry about a lot of stuff , but I do not know what exactly . she blushes , and stare out the window . CUT to : int . ayala live room - afternoon helena follow a art appraiser through she formal live room as he inspect painting and make notation . he be very excited and move quickly from one to the next . art appraiser tamayo . carrington . a simply wonderful collection of mexican modern . give I three month . I know several collector in South America , very discreet . helena I do not have three month . art appraiser it take time to find the proper collection . helena how much will you give I in cash ? today . the appraiser tap out some number on a calculator and show the figure to helena . helena you must be joke . that 's a fraction of they value . art appraiser I be sorry , but that be the figure I can get today . helena turn she back . she walk to a window and look out , then survey the content of she beautiful home . helena ( snap ) get out . get out of my house . helena turn and see David in the doorway . she go to he . helena it 's all right . we be have a disagreement , that 's all . the art appraiser pass they on he way out . int . ayala master bedroom - night helena wake up in the middle of the night with a start . her eye be wide open . she have have a think -- she climb out of bed and quickly put on a robe . int . upstair hallway - continuous helena walk quickly and quietly down the hallway . she pass David 's room . she open a door at the end of the hall -- int . carl private study - continuous helena enter the room . she hit a desk lamp and we be in a very comfortable and masculine upstairs study : bookshelve hold hundred of art book ; comfortable chair ; macintosh stereo ; discreet flatscreen hd tv . helena stare at a painting on one of the bookshelve . it be " Boy with a Hoop , " a small portrait by rafael Colonel . she go to it and look from different angle . she reach out and jiggle the oil . nothing happen . she look behind the painting at the back . she notice that one corner be not glue down . she pick up a letter opener and pries the paper back . a envelope slip out . Inside the envelope : neat , thin strip of paper dense with information in a miniscule type and a magnetic key card . CUT to : omitted omitted omitted int . helicopter - day Robert and sheridan ride in the back of the chopper . each look out he own window . a newspaper on the seat between they show a front page photo of General Salazar , exultant , and the headline read in Spanish , " Salazar name Chief of anti-narcotics Operations . " ext . mexico CITY - day establish shot of a military helicopter landing on the roof of a office building in downtown Mexico City . int . headquarters , fead , - mexico CITY - day Robert wakefield and General Salazar stroll through the new headquarters where box be still be unpack . javier and sheridan trail along behind they . salazar I recruit the best man in Mexico for my task force and put they through a rigorous screen process . not only physical , but also psychological . ROBERT I would like to bring you up to Washington , walk you around we side of thing , and share some of the information we have be able to develop on you cartel . salazar that would be very helpful to I . ( beat ) also , I receive the offer from dea and the FBI to train some of my man at quantico . I think this will be extremely useful , a good way for we to absorb some of you method . int . salazar be i.n.c.d. office - day the office have not be decorate yet . salazar I have be too busy to completely settle in . Salazar proffer a chair and they sit next to each other like brezhnev and Nixon . photographer begin snapping picture . after a few moment , Salazar wave they away , and they lower they camera and leave . ROBERT you have be make very good progress against the Tijuana cartel . salazar yes , I be confident that Juan obregon will be take into custody before the end of the year . but , you must understand that it be very difficult because of corruption in the police force . we get a tip that he be one place , then we get there and he be already go , have be warn by someone on we side . ROBERT hopefully the exchange of training method and information between we country will help with this problem . salazar yes , I hope so as well . ROBERT let I ask you a related question . we have talk about the supply side , but what about demand ? what be you policy for treat addiction ? salazar addict treat themselves ... they overdose and then there 's one less to worry about . Robert can not respond . CUT to : ext . serenity oak - walkway - day caroline amble alone down a walkway at the treatment facility . she look through the tree that surround facility and notice car go by . CUT to : int . low -rent HOTEL - day Gordon and another dea agent escort Ruiz up the stair of a large , older hotel . ruiz this be ridiculous . why be there no elevator ? gordon when the dea get into the narcotic business , then we will stay at the four season . they walk down a hotel hallway . two more agent stand outside room 407 . Gordon open the door and they enter . int . suite of cheap HOTEL room - day there be more agent inside and old food and coffee container . Gordon give Ruiz a tour . there be several room . a bored castro sit at a table stare at a scrabble board . castro Eddie , how you like you new home ? I hope you hate it as much as I do . Ruiz look around with disgust . he 's accustom to finer place . he go to a window and look out . ruiz' Pov : of the Federal Court building not far away . ruiz this be not what my lawyer negotiate . Gordon pour himself a cup of coffee . gordon fuck you lawyer . you be not get any cappuccino or biscotti either . int . federal courthouse - day a pack , tense courtroom listen to testimony from a government witness , frank , 50' , very matter - of - fact and truthful . frank he first come to I in January . that would have be nineteen eighty - seven . he want to rent warehouse space along the harbor . I do not ask too many question ; I be a businessman also . int . federal courthouse - day another witness , mrs . berry , 40' , pedantic on the stand -- mrs . berry I tell Mr. ayala there be irregularity in he tax return . and I could not represent he unless we could explain this ... int . federal courthouse - day sheila , 38 , a mousy secretary , be on the stand . carlos sit at the defendant 's table listen raptly . Gordon and castro sit in the back watch helena who pay close attention to the witness -- sheila I be the company secretary from 1991 to 1994 . I supposedly work for all six company . but ... they be not ... I mean , it be just one empty office with a desk and a telephone . we never sell anything the whole time I be there . sometimes people come and get pay . I do not really know what we do . prosecutor do Mr. ayala say where the money come from ? sheila no , and I do not ask . prosecutor where do you think it come from ? Carl 's lawyer , adler , be on he foot -- kaufman this speculation -- prosecutor I will rephrase . do you feel like you be engage in a legal enterprise ? Sheila be reluctant to answer . sheila no , not really . helena catch Carl 's eye and they share a grim moment . CUT to : omitted omitted omitted omitted int . carl upstair study - day helena sit at Carl 's office desk . on the desk in front of she be the list she find and a encrypt cell phone . helena pick up the phone . her hand be shaking . she be cry as she dial . a voice on the other end answer . francisco ( v.o. ) who be this ? helena gather she courage , then ... helena a friend ... of carlos ayala . there be a long pause . francisco ( v.o. ) yes . helena I be on a special phone , may I speak freely ? francisco ( v.o. ) you may speak . helena I have a job for you and I do not have much time . ext . botanical garden - day helena watch David look at the wide variety of plant and flower . all around they a group of 3rd grader , in identical t-shirt , enjoy a field trip . francisco ( v.o. ) I love this place . do not turn around . behind she Francisco Flores take a photo with a instant camera . francisco you be follow by the police , but they will not hear we over the child . I want to use a bomb . helena you be kid . can not you shoot he or something ? francisco I do not really like gun . you shoot someone in the head three time and some doctor will keep they alive . helena when will you do it ? francisco I do not know . eduardo Ruiz be the only real witness against Carl . the security be very tight . there may not be a way . helena there 's always a way . if people get to the Pope or the President , you can get to he . Francisco laugh . francisco careful ... you be sounding like you husband , Mrs. ayala . CUT to : omitted omitted int . javi be apartment - night Anna sit in the live room , stare . she appear too upset to speak . the apartment be cleaner . there have be other change . there 's a new rug . javier what ? what be it ? anna it 's very hard for I to come and tell you this . javier just watch she . anna it 's manolo . he 's go to do something stupid . I be worried that he will get himself kill . he keep watch . anna he 's say he 's go to talk to the Americans . become a informer . he say they pay a lot of money . javier why do he need money ? anna he have debt . he have gambling debt . he owe a lot of money . javier how much ? anna nine thousand dollar . a long beat . javier what be he plan on tell they ? anna well , you know , he 's go to say about madrigal ... and Salazar . javier just look at she . CUT to : int . robert office in WASHINGTON - day Robert be on the telephone , listen . he be not happy . sheridan watch he . ROBERT ( into phone ) nobody see she leave ? ( beat ) yes ... I understand . he hang up . he stand and reach for he jacket . ROBERT I have to go . I have to go home . int . wakefield kitchen - night Robert and Barbara sit at the kitchen table . barbara should we bring the police into this ? ROBERT no , not yet . ext . west end street - day Robert drive through the street in he cadillac deville . int . deville - day Robert ride in glum silence . he look at passersby who be almost all black and almost all stare back at the white man in he cadillac . a group of young man stare threateningly as he roll past . on the street , in the lee of a brownstone staircase , a deal be go down . ROBERT and seth abrahm - day sit in a coffee shop . seth ( genuinely surprised ) she 's not at that place you send she ? ROBERT she snuck away . and we have not see she . she have not come home . seth oh , man -- ROBERT she have not call you ? seth I try to talk to she when she be up there , but they would not put I through . ( beat ) I be surprised she have not call . another angle on ROBERT in the car - day he turn a corner and be suddenly in a drive - through drug market . dealer , hustler , run at the window from both side , signal . hustler what you want ? rock ? rock ? hey , what you want ? ROBERT and seth - day in the coffee shop . ROBERT can you tell I anything ? do you have any idea ? seth I do not know what to say . ROBERT I be not the police . I do not care about experimentation . she 's a kid . I be worried to death . seth you will not say anything to my parent ? ROBERT I do not give a fuck about you parent -- seth we sometimes go downtown to score . ROBERT what ? seth the West end . we buy it off the street . ( beat ) I can stop , you know , and she can not . two people , really similar , we can talk about anything , but for I it 's like a weekend thing , then I get my shit together , and for she it 's different -- ROBERT you do not know what the hell you be talk about . you be a cocky seventeen year - old and you do not have a clue what the stake be . you do not know the value of the life you have yet to throw away . and neither do she . ROBERT in he car - day it be surround . Robert stare . a face press up against the window . face ( through the window ) what do you want ? ROBERT ( through the window ) what do you mean , what do I want ? face rock or dope , man ? ROBERT I do not want anything . ROBERT and seth seth hey man , I be sorry . I be just try to help . ROBERT you want to help ? stay the fuck away from she . ROBERT in he car ROBERT I be look for my daughter . the dealer look at he with disgust , turn he back , and wave everyone else away . Robert slam he fist against the steering wheel . he slam it again and again . he stop and pull away , just as at the intersection behind Robert 's car , caroline cross the street toward sketch 's house . int . sketch bedroom - day a single candle light the room . caroline be underneath sketch the drug dealer . he be pound away . as she clutches he back and hold on , she expression be both surprised and druggy , and sound escape she mouth that she would not believe she could make . there 's a knock on the door . sketch continue he business . the knocking be more insistent . finally , he stop and get up and go to the door . caroline lie back . she 's in a bed with black sheet in a room with nothing else in it but a dresser and some duffle bag . sketch open the door -- sketch what the fuck do you want ? somebody outside say something . sketch walk over to a duffle bag and extract some product . caroline 's eye be glue to it as sketch hand it through the door . sketch see she stare at the drug . he come back to bed . sketch you want some of that ? caroline nod . sketch what you gonna do to get some of that ? caroline please -- sketch what you gonna do ? she turn she back to he , pout . he laugh . sketch maybe a taste . he reach over beside the bed where there be a small tray . on the tray be a rig , spoon , several powder , and a eye dropper . he pull the candle over and rapidly fix a speedball . he pull the fluid into the neck of the syringe and hold it up the light . it have caroline transfix . sketch feed this to you like a little bird . he squirt the tiniest amount of fluid into the air . it arc in the candlelight . caroline do not -- sketch you want this ? she nod . sketch this be the Express train . baby turnin ' pro and get down in a big , big hole . her concentration be entirely , hypnotically focus on the syringe . sketch move the syringe toward she lip . sketch kiss it . kiss you new mommy hello . caroline move she mouth toward the side of the syringe , she lip part . sketch pull the sheet back , expose she leg . he grip one powerful hand around she ankle and squeeze ... vein stand out on she foot . he slide the needle into the large vein and slowly depress the plunger . caroline watch , then she head tilt back , then forward , she groans , sexually and slump against the pillow , she eye half - open , she lip twitching . sketch put the rig back on the tray , then admire caroline 's beauty for a second before start to fuck she again . CUT to : ext . HOTEL - day Gordon and castro and two other agent escort Ruiz out of the hotel and usher he into a wait cruiser . they pull out in a caravan and move through the street toward the courthouse . ext . courthouse parking lot - day the cruiser pull into a fence and gated parking lot . Gordon , castro and Ruiz , walk with a limp , cross to the building entrance . as they push inside , Francisco Flores , in a conservative grey suit pass they go outside . the parking lot be empty of people . the guard at the gate talk about something distracting . Francisco pass by the cruiser and drop he key . kneel down he extract a small , powerful , magnetize bomb from he jacket . he attaches it to the underside of the vehicle , stand and walk toward the guard gate . int . courtroom - day the court be fill to capacity . helena and metzger watch from the gallery . the judge bang he gavel . adler be on he foot . adler you honor , it have come to we attention that you honor , while in private practice , previously represent the town of seal Beach in they stop -work suit against the Police Department of seal Beach . we believe this disqualify you from hearing this case and we therefore move for a temporary suspension while this be investigate . the judge be surprised to hear this . judge Mr. adler , this be a most unusual motion . adler Nonetheless , you honor , we feel that we client deserve every fairness afforded under the law . judge if this be in any way design to delay the testimony of eduardo Ruiz ... the judge consider . judge we will recess until 9:00 be Monday morning . and I will see counsel in chamber . he slam the gavel down again . ext . courthouse - day Gordon , castro , other agent and Ruiz come down the rear step of the courthouse and walk across the street toward the parking lot . castro remember when we sit on that mob guy , that chef , for like six month ? gordon oh , man , I have never eat so good in my life . ( to Ruiz ) why do not you develop a useful skill ? castro yeah , like turn into a beautiful woman . they reach the car . ruiz would you mind if today we walk ? it 's one block . I could use the fresh air . omitted int . francisco's car - continuous across the street , Francisco , encrypt cell phone to he ear , watch from he own car as Gordon , castro , and Ruiz stand by they car without get in , then walk away from the car . francisco ( into phone ) they be not get into the car . what be they do ? they be walk right at I . the man start across the street toward Francisco . int . helena' car - day helena drive she car through downtown San Diego . helena ( into phone ) you have get a gun . get out of the car and shoot he in the head . int . francisco's car - day Francisco watch Ruiz and the agent walk up the street toward he . francisco ( into phone ) they be go to walk right past I . helena ( v.o. ) what be you ? a mouse ? get out of the car and do it . this be you chance . Francisco watch the three man walk past he car . he make a decision and open he door . ext . STREET - day Francisco step from the car and mingle in with other people walk along the sidewalk . he follow they for few yard , pick he moment . he close the distance to Gordon , castro and Ruiz , pull a pistol from inside he jacket . he take careful aim from twelve foot away and be about to shoot Ruiz when a bullet hole appear in he chest . he stagger , try to squeeze the trigger , Francisco fire the gun once , wildly -- a tourist scream -- Gordon and castro and Ruiz turn -- Francisco be look down at the widen red splotch in the center of he shirt , uncertain of what have happen -- Gordon shove Ruiz down into a doorway and fire three quick shot -- Francisco spin around and drop on he face in the street . citizen run in all direction fear a psychopath with a nra card come off a bad week of day - trading -- Gordon and castro with Ruiz beneath they scan the street . castro stay here . I will get the car . castro run down the street for the court parking lot . other agent be run toward Gordon and Ruiz . int . office build window - continuous the strange man who threaten helena 's child pack a high - caliber rifle and scope into a briefcase . he snap the case shut and quickly exit the room . we notice a man on the floor with a bullet hole in he head next to the open door . ext . STREET - continuous Agents surround Ruiz . Gordon walk to the body of Francisco lie face down in the gutter . he turn he over with he shoe and see he face . gordon ( to the other agent ) I see this guy at the courthouse . ( beat ) the car -- Gordon take off run , yell for castro . ext . court parking lot - day castro have reach the car and get in . Gordon appear at the gate of the lot -- gordon ( yell ) no -- int . cruiser - day castro turn the ignition exactly at the moment he see Gordon yell and wave he arm -- ext . court parking lot - day the cruiser explode . Gordon hit the pavement . part of the car begin raining down around he . CUT to : omitted int . sidewalk cafe - san diego - day a fire truck and paramedic unit whizhes by . manolo sit at a outdoor cafe table , wait . he can not help look around at the attractive people , but he 's also nervous . suddenly two men , recognizable as Salazar 's officer from the desert drug bust , sit at a nearby table , rise and move to manolo 's table . man # 1 manolo , how be you ? they take seat uncomfortably close to manolo . man # 2 manolo , have we interrupt ? you be look around like you be expect someone . manolo no. I be look for the waiter . I want to order . man # 1 what be you gonna have ? manolo a steak . man # 1 well , if you like steak , we know a much better place . we will take you there . manolo that 's okay , really . they each take manolo by a arm . man # 2 manolo , we should really be go now , before it get too crowded . int . suv - day we be look through the windshield as we approach the mexican border . as the car slow , we pan to follow the border official as he look in briefly and wave we through . we continue to pan to reveal manolo in the backseat sit beside man # 2 . int . suv - day we be in the desert . there 's nothing in any direction . javi be implacable . manolo understand what be happen . manolo I be go to feed they wrong information . feed they lie to ... it be for ... the man say nothing . after a beat -- manolo do not tell Anna I die like this . tell she it be something else . tell she it be official business . tell she that I die do something honorable . please , tell she that for I ... ext . desert - day javi and manolo stand next to two freshly dig grave . man # 1 turn around . javi hesitates before turn . we be on javi as we hear the gunshot . javi do not flinch . manolo 's body fall into the grave . javi stand there , wait . man # 1 you get anything you want to say ? javi shake he head . finally , another gunshot . after a beat , a hand reach out of javi 's shoulder . man # 1 sorry about that ... we have to be sure . they walk back to the suv . somebody else be you sure you do not have anything to tell we ? javi say nothing , do not even acknowledge they . we hear a gunshot . CUT to : int . ayala home - day arnie metzger be in helena 's live room . the stereo be loudly play mozart . arnie that be a stupid thing you do . incredibly stupid . helena I try , arnie . and , I will continue to try . arnie have you go crazy ? you be not Carl . you be not as good as carl. ( beat ) they be move the trial to a high security location . the press have go berserk . the jury will be influence . stay out of thing . let we try to win the case . helena that be go to be rather difficult when all the evidence be against we . helena step closer to arnie , close enough that she breast be almost touch he chest . arnie helena , please . this be out of you hand . helena ( softly ) I know I make thing worse . I know that and I be sorry , but arnie I need something from you . something only you can help I with . helena look searchingly into he eye . arnie helena -- helena I need a introduction to the obregon Brothers . arnie I can not do that . helena lean closer to he . helena I figure out what Carl be up to and I need you help . will you help I ? CUT to : ext . laboratory research facility - day a establish shot of a hi-tech company within shoot distance of the salk Institute . int . lab facility - day this be a professional chemical lab that can be rent by the month . Long table of lab and computer equipment . nobody have be here in a while . there be toy - plastic doll , frisbee , hula hoop - on many of the table . helena let herself into the room . she scan ledger . she look over the equipment . she pick up a twelve -inch high plastic spastic Jack action figure and a can label " solvent " and hurry from the lab . CUT to : ext . west end - cincinnati - night Robert drive through the street , search for caroline . he do not find she . int . wakefield house - night Barbara be wait in the live room . Robert enter . he shake he head then stand silently for a beat . ROBERT about the other night , I be sorry . barbara I , too . ROBERT God , I do not get it . be we suppose to say to ourselves , be prepare to lose she , be prepare to lose we child ? ( beat ) why do this happen to someone ? how do it happen ? barbara I do not know . int . caroline's bedroom - night Robert be stand in the middle of she room . he 's not sure what he 's look for . everywhere he look : she personal thing , beloved object from more innocent time , picture . within moment a legitimate desire to connect with he daughter have escalate into a search for clue . he open she drawer , dump little box , pull thing off of shelf . he become increasingly unhinge , fling thing around she room . he toss a stack of magazine . a fashion magazine , airborne , discharge some content : a lighter , a plastic tube and a piece of fold aluminum foil flutter to the ground . Robert stare at the foil on the carpet . it 's char on the outside . he pick it up . and unfold it . there 's a dry milky white substance . he pick up the tube and lighter and stare at they . then , somewhat tentatively , he put the tube in he mouth . he hold the lighter under the foil , then heat the milky substance which turn translucent and disappear in a cloud of smoke . Robert suck all of it in . he wait a long time then exhales . his eye shut . the tube drop from he mouth . he stagger and , overwhelm by the sensation , sit on the bed . the lighter and foil fall from he hand . a moment later he open he eye and do not seem to know where he be . he look at the room , confuse . he stumble to the door and shut it firmly behind he . CUT to : int . manolo' house - day Anna be weep . javier sit next to she . he put he arm around she and she lean she head against he shoulder . int . javier be suv - day javi drive through the street of Tijuana . he brake for a stop sign and watch , trance - like , the pedestrian crossing in front of he . as the intersection clear he remain still . a honk from behind bring he back and he pull forward pass helena ayala who cross go the opposite direction . we stay with she . ext . tijuana - day helena walk down a nightlife street that be tawdry and stale in the midday sun . omitted int . club platinum - day a shrewd obregon Lieutenant , juan marquez , 40 , sit at a table opposite helena . the strange man who both threaten helena 's child and execute Francisco sit in another chair . marquez Mrs. ayala . thank you for come . I be Juan Marquez , I work for Mr. obregon . I believe you know my associate , " tigrillo , " the Little Tiger . helena nod to tigrillo -- helena yes , he threaten to kill my five year - old son . ( beat ) I be under the impression I would be meeting Juan obregon . marquez no , this be not possible . and I thank you for come down here , though I suspect it 's be a pointless journey . helena why do you say that , Mr. Marquez ? marquez I hear this storey . you husband in jail . his business in chaos . various people fight over the scrap . helena my husband be the victim of a informer in you organization , not ours . marquez that be not true , Mrs. ayala . you route be compromise . perhaps it be time for I to deal with other distributor in California . helena I do not think you be go to do that . marquez you do not ? listen to this woman in a man 's world , a very violent world . helena there be plenty of other supplier in Mexico . marquez but not in whose interest it be to help you out of debt . helena reach into she bag and pull out the spastic Jack action figure . she put it on the desk . helena my husband have be work on something he call , the Project for the Children . be you aware of this ? marquez I do not know . perhaps I remember something . helena we have the ability to change the color , odor , and physical property of cocaine . marquez you want to smuggle narcotic in Mr. espastico jacobo . that 's nothing new . helena not in ... Juan Marquez be confuse . helena this doll be cocaine . Juan pick up spastic Jack and look at he . he bang it on the desk . helena every part , from he ear to he accessory belt , be high -impact , pressure - mold cocaine . odorless . undetectable by dog . undetectable by anyone . marquez I do not believe you . she take out the " solvent " and put it on he desk . helena get a bowl . int . club platinum - office - later spastic Jack be slowly dissolve in a bowl of solvent . only he shoulder , head , and ridiculous ear remain above the quicksand of milky glop . helena hold a mirror under the desk lamp . she be drying the paste . she put the mirror on the desk . a white substance have coagulate there . helena try it . Juan take out a razor blade and chop the dry substance into two white powder line . he hand a silver straw to helena . marquez you first . helena I be six month pregnant . I will not do it . marquez Fine , then we do not have deal . helena Fine , then we do not have a deal . she stand . he watch she a beat , then smile . marquez okay , okay . he lean down and quickly snort a line . after a beat . marquez that 's good coke . helena it should be ... it 's yours . ( beat ) I want we debt forgiven . I want to be the exclusive distributor of obregon Brothers Cocaine for the United States . and I want the principle witness against my husband , eduardo Ruiz , kill . marquez perhaps ... perhaps ... I be afraid I must first ask you to pass a test . I ask the same of you husband and he succeed with fly color . helena wait . Juan Marquez reach in he desk and pull out a quarter kilo of cocaine . he push it across the desk . marquez take this back with you . deliver it safely to tigrillo in San Diego and we have a deal . helena that 's crazy . my husband be on trial for smuggle . marquez exactly , and this be how I know I be not get into business with the U.S. government . she put the quarter key in she bag and stand . helena you will help I with my other problem . marquez deliver that safely to tigrillo in San Diego . and we have a deal . tigrillo escort she out of the room . int . club platinum - day helena follow tigrillo . as they pass the restroom she signal that she have to stop . int . club platinum - lady ' room - day helena go into a stall . she extract the cocaine from she handbag . she look at it , try to figure out where it go . she hike up she skirt . CUT to : omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted int . HOTEL room - day javier be hook up to a polygraph machine watch closely by a polygraph operator . Hughes and Johnson watch as javi talk into a tape recorder on the table . javier ... and I have the electronic serial number for they cellular phone . they change they every twenty - four hour but I have a contact at mextel who can get I the new esn within twelve . javi finish talk and sit back . agent Hughes shut off the tape recorder and look at the polygraph operator who nod approval . Hughes and Johnson exchange a look . they be dumbstruck . hughes that 's good shit . javier now that you have what you want , let 's talk about how I get what I want . johnson oh , do not worry , javier , you be not gonna have any problem there . hughes I want to take a minute and talk about what type of precaution you be take to protect yourself . when Salazar and madrigal go down , they might send someone to see you . javier you worry about get I the thing that I want . I will worry about myself . there 's a beat . javier seem discomfite . the two agent notice this and exchange look . johnson you should feel good about this . javier I feel like a traitor . CUT to : omitted omitted ext . border crossing automobile checkpoint - day javi go into Mexico . Pan over to helena 's mercede . int . helena' car - day she inch the car forward towards the officer who select vehicle for inspection . the car ahead of she pass through and speed away . the officer flag helena and direct she into the search facility . ext . custom search BAY - day helena pull into a search bay . a custom officer watch helena lower she window . custom officer please step from the car , ma'am . helena I be in a hurry -- custom officer step from the car , ma'am . this will not take long from you day . helena get out of she car . int . observation room - custom checkpoint - day there be a bank of video monitor show the scene all over the facility . on the monitor : helena 's car be on a lift three foot off the ground . officer pour over the inside and undercarriage of the mercede . nearby , a german shepherd sniff at the item that have be remove from the car : bag , spare tire , cd box . ext . custom search BAY - day custom officer approach helena -- officer ma'am , we have to ask you to come with we . she follow they toward the custom building . int . strip search room - day a female custom inspector accompany by a female supervisory inspector lead helena into a sterile room where there be no place to hide anything . custom matron ma'am , we have reason to believe you may have illegal drug hide beneath you clothing . I need to conduct a pat down search . supervisory Inspector haig will witness the search . helena you have get to be kid I . I be pregnant . what if I refuse ? custom matron this pamphlet explain the law and you rights under it . you be welcome to read it first . it say we have the authority to conduct this search . would you like to read it first or shall we proceed ? ext . funeral service - day hundred of dea agent , spouse , other stand around a grave in a leafy cemetery in work class San Diego . ext . cemetery - day the funeral be over and people be filing back to the car . Gordon walk away from the service when he be approach by a mourn lucinda castro , the mother of the decease . mrs . castro montel ... oh , montel . Gordon hug she . mrs . castro you know how much he care about you . you do , do not you ? gordon yes . mrs . castro I know if he could have it back somehow , he would not do it differently or have it any other way . he would not . he love he job . another agent hustle toward he from the other direction , the direction of the car . agent Excuse I , agent Gordon . Mrs. castro. ( to Gordon ) helena ayala leave Club platinum in Tijuana . the obregon Brothers ' place . they stop she at the border but she be clean . she 's in San Diego now . Gordon run for he car . CUT to : int . arnie metigger office - day arnie sit in he office , space out , admire he view when a assistant show helena in . as soon as the door shut -- helena do you get it ? arnie what be you think , call I at home with a message like that ? you have compromise I and we relationship -- helena sit confidently on he couch . helena ( make fun of arnie ) the place be sweep twice a day . I learn that down in Miami in ' 85 ... ( hard ) arnie . I be the housewife . I belong to the most exclusive country club in La Jolla that accept latino . until recently , I believe my husband import hydroponic strawberry , which I donate at the school fair . arnie reach into a desk drawer and pull out a quarter - kilo baggy identical to the one Juan obregon give she in Tijuana . helena it 's the same stuff ? from the rainy day stash ? arnie it 's the same . what happen to what they give you ? helena put the bag in she purse . helena I be desperate , but I be not stupid . I flushed it in the bathroom of they godawful nightclub . CUT to : omitted int . ROBERT and barbara' bedroom - early morning Robert sleep in he clothes on top of the cover . Barbara be asleep beside he . the phone ring . Robert answer . Barbara watch . ROBERT hello . sheridan ( v.o. ) I be sorry ... do I wake you ? Robert look at Barbara and shake he head . she get up . ROBERT no , it 's all right . there 's a beat . sheridan ( v.o. ) Salazar 's be take down . he be work for porfirio madrigal . ROBERT what ? I think madrigal be dead . I think it be verify . sheridan ( v.o. ) apparently not . look , it 's a shit storm here right now . when be you come back ? ( beat ) I do not know what to tell people any more . ROBERT I will get there as soon as I can . sheridan ( v.o. ) if we be move the press conference , we need to do it now . ( beat ) be you all right ? barbara ( v.o. ) Robert . the tone in Barbara 's voice cause he to look up . she hold a empty jewelry box . ROBERT ( to sheridan ) I have to call you back . int . dine room - early morning the drawer and cabinet be open . Barbara and Robert assess what be miss . barbara the silver wedding cup . int . live room - early morning Robert look at they home entertainment center . Barbara enter this room . barbara my leica 's go . ROBERT so 's the video camera . barbara at least she 's alive . Robert turn for the door . barbara where be you go ? ROBERT she will be at a pawn shop in a hour . ten minute after that she will be at she dealer 's . if I find he , maybe I find she . int . classroom - cincinnati country day - day the bored child of privilege , wear they blazer or uniform grey skirt , stare at a teacher behind a desk . the door open and Robert enter . he find Seth abrahm in the back of the class and walk straight to he . Robert grab a fistful of shirt and tie . seth hey man , what be you do ? teacher ( o.s. ) Excuse I ? Excuse I ? Robert yank Seth out of he seat . the teacher be approach . ROBERT Seth have to be excuse . he 's go on a field trip . int . the fun zone - day helena watch David play a video game . they have finish they lunch , a mess of pizza rind . helena come on . time to go . the clown try to catch they attention with some mime , but they ignore he . ext . the fun zone - day helena and David be push out the door . the man walk the other way past they be tigrillo from the Tijuana cartel . as they pass -- helena ( under she breath ) woman 's room , stall two . ( loud ) should we stop for ice-cream ? david yeah ! tigrillo disappear into the restaurant . as helena pull out of the fun Zone parking lot , a unmark dea cruiser fall in behind she . CUT to : int . robert car - day Robert and Seth be park across the street from sketch 's building . they watch people , mostly white people , get what they need . seth I do not know , maybe we miss she . ROBERT I can not believe you use to bring my daughter here , to this place . seth hey man , back the fuck up . to this place . what 's that shit ? right now , all over this country , a hundred thousand white people from the suburb be drive around downtown ask every black person they see , you get any drug ? you know where I can get drug ? what kind of effect you think this have on the psyche of a black person , on they possibility ? if you send a hundred thousand black people into you neighborhood , indian Hills , and they ask every white person they see , hey , you get any drug ? , within a day , you friend and they kid would be sell . it 's market force , man . the product 's mark up three hundred percent . you can go out on the street and make five hundred buck in two hour and then do whatever you want for the rest of the day . you think white people would still be go to law school ? there 's a beat . ROBERT you be start to piss I off . get out of the car . Robert and Seth get we of the car and walk across the street . int . hallway - day Robert and Seth stand in the dim , dingy hallway . a junkie leave . seth you be gonna get I kill . Robert shove Seth toward the door . Seth knock . the door open a crack and sketch 's face appear . sketch what do you want ? Robert move around Seth . ROBERT I be look for my daughter , caroline . she come here . sketch this be a business . get the fuck outta here . ROBERT I need to find my daughter . I will pay you . sketch pull a gun and shove it against Robert 's cheek . sketch who the fuck do you think you be ? where the fuck do you think you be ? why the fuck do you think I should not just put you in a dumpster ? ROBERT I have money -- sketch I get money . ROBERT I will pay you a thousand dollar . I have it in my wallet . sketch I want you money , I will take you money . ROBERT just tell I where she be . sketch push Robert back into the hall . sketch see Seth lurking there . sketch ( to Seth ) do not do that shit again . sketch slam the door in they face . seth great . what a good idea . ext . STREET - day Seth and Robert walk to the car . seth man , I be tell you . do not do this vigilante thing . either the cop find she or she will call you . I promise . Robert look at he , carefully . CUT to : ext . manolo' house - day javier knock on the front door . there be no answer . the shade be draw . the house be darken . javier ( call out ) Anna . Anna , please . let I in . he knock again . javier come on . you can not stay lock in you house all day . finally , the door crack open . Anna have clearly not be out of the house since the last time we see she . int . manolo' house - day javier sit opposite Anna . javier I know this be a tragedy , but you have to realize that good have come out of it . she look at he . javier if manolo have not go and tell they what he do then Salazar and madrigal would never have be bring to justice . he do a great thing for Tijuana . he do a great thing for Mexico . anna I want to believe you . I really do . javier you will believe I , because it 's true . ext . sketch apartment - day Seth walk up the step and into the building . a beat later he reappear and continue down the street . Robert emerge from across the street and follow at a guard distance . ext . street - day Seth walk along the seedy neighborhood street . he approach the villa Elaine . he turn up the step and disappear inside . Robert follow he . int . villa elaine hallway - day Robert ascend the stair . as he enter the hallway he see Seth pound on one of the door . seth open the door . open the fuck door , man . a man' voice come from the other side of the door . muffled voice go away ! Robert close the distance . Seth pound harder . seth I know she 's in there . let I talk to she . muffled voice I do not know what you be talk about . go away ! Robert reach the door . Seth see he . seth I know she 's in there . Robert kick the door in . int . HOTEL room - day Robert see a middle - age JOHN in he underwear and a dress shirt . JOHN hey , I have not touch she -- caroline be pass out on the bed . Robert go to she as the John scramble for he clothes . she stir and see he -- caroline ( really out of it ) hi , daddy . int . robert car - day caroline ride in the passenger seat . she 's come out of she stupor and be now fill with ebullience . caroline it 's gonna be great ... I mean , I be okay and all , because , see , I meet a guy , he 's in this pretty famous band and ... ( get up confessional courage ) they have invite I to write lyric for they , I be gonna be able to do that and maybe sing , too ... not at first , but later . caroline get lose in she grandiose vision . Robert look over at she as she drift off into a nod . a moment later she 's awake and rambling again . caroline ( sounding completely crazy ) I have be do research for the school paper , that 's what I have be do , like on assignment kind - of , I have see some stuff you would not believe , but I be gonna write it all down into lyric . they think I be really good , everybody say so , what do you think ? Robert fight back tear . he reach over and take he daughter 's hand . CUT to : omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted int . club platinum office - day Juan Marquez sit across the desk from javi . tigrillo and pablo , 30' , be also in the meeting . marquez Salazar and madrigal be no longer with we . ( beat ) a feat none of this people could get accomplish . Juan nod toward Pablo and tigrillo . marquez you be go to be make the special Assistant to the new drug czar , which make you a very valuable law enforcement officer . ( beat ) I hope you like to travel because we have plan for juarez and El paso , nogales , sinaloa , jalisco , michoacan ... javi just stare at he for a long moment , then look off . CUT to : int . robert office in WASHINGTON - day Robert on the telephone . ROBERT ( into phone ) how be she ? int . barbara' office - day a cramped , messy office at the Environmental Protection Agency . Barbara be on the phone . barbara ( into phone ) I be really not sure . she seem to recognize it be not serenity oak . it 's a pretty hard - core facility , but at least we know where she be . ( beat ) maybe it 's what she need now . intercut ROBERT in he office he hold the phone and do not say anything . CUT to : int . courtroom - early morning the court be searched carefully by a phalanx of officer . Metal detector be check . bomb sniff german shepherd be lead through the space . int . HOTEL suite - morning the agent be unkempt and everyone be tired . Ruiz move through a cluttere room in a bathrobe with a cup of coffee . a agent show he a morning paper -- agent Big day . ( show picture in paper ) you be a star . Ruiz walk over and sit across from Gordon , switch off the radio show he 's listen to . Gordon look up from he paper . gordon go shower . you smell . there be a knock on the front door . a agent go to answer -- agent who be it ? somebody ( v.o. ) ( through the door ) the mafia . I have get he breakfast . the agent open the door and be hand a breakfast tray . he put the food in front of Ruiz who uncover the sausage and egg . a agent walk by try to take a bite of sausage . Ruiz stab it with a fork -- ruiz fuck off . Gordon watch the interchange -- gordon where 's the love go , Eddie ? you will be testify for at least ten day . what if we stop feed you ? Ruiz begin to eat hungrily . ruiz you expect I to be grateful for spend the rest of my life look over my shoulder . gordon that think make I feel awful . Ruiz push egg into a piece of toast . ruiz can not you for a second imagine none of this have happen ? that my drug have go through . what would have be the harm ? a few people get high who be get high anyway . you partner be still alive . we avoid have breakfast together . do not you see this mean nothing ? that you whole life be pointless ? gordon you be break my heart . ruiz the worst thing about you , monty , be you realize the futility of what you be do and you do it anyway . I wish you could see how transparent you be . ( disgust ) this food taste like shit . gordon so go shower already . ruiz you only get to I because you be tip off by the juarez cartel , who 's try to break into Tijuana . you be help they . ( beat ) you work for a drug dealer too , monty . Ruiz stand and head for the bathroom . gordon ( yell after he ) and shave . you better look nice and believable for the jury . Ruiz disappear into the bathroom and slam the door behind he . gordon ( to another agent ) it 's like have another wife . the agent laugh . there 's another knock on the door . gordon who be it ? somebody else ( v.o. ) ( though the door ) Breakfast . Gordon and the agent look at each other . somebody else hurry up . it 's get cold . Gordon move to the side of the door and pull he gun . the other agent open the door . a man with a breakfast tray enter . Gordon put the gun to the side of he head . man with tray I be on you side . God , you be jumpy . Gordon be momentarily confuse , then go for the bathroom door . gordon call a ambulance . hurry . Gordon try the bathroom door . it 's stick . he get it open a crack . there 's a body against the other side . he shove . int . bathroom - continuous Ruiz be on the floor in convulsion . gordon ( yell ) call the ambulance . ( to Ruiz ) do not die on I . you will not die on I . do you hear I ? do not you die on I . Ruiz 's convulsion get worse , he claw - like finger scratch across the tile . CUT to : omitted int . courtroom - san diego - day the court be pack . helena and arnie watch from the gallery . the judge be at the bench . the prosecutor rise -- prosecutor you honor , lady and gentleman of the jury ... because of the sudden death of eduardo Ruiz , the people have decide that at this point we cannot continue we case against Carl ayala . the court erupt . Reporters scatter . helena cheer . CUT to : omitted int . white house office - day Robert wakefield enter the office of the Chief of staff , who look up from what he 's do , which be read Robert 's report , and be already mid-sentence . chief of staff yeah , hi -- ( wave Robert to a chair ) so I have get a copy of you speech here ... ( glance down , still read ) it 's fantastic ... so , Robert , my genuine thanks . you be my choice and you be gonna be great . the President be sorry he have not be able to spend more time with you . after the press conference he want to really sit down . ( a afterthought ) oh , I get to the Post , too . do not worry about that thing with you daughter , it 's not news ; they be willing to treat it as a family matter , a personal matter . ( off Robert 's stare ) look , even if it come out , we would turn it into a qualification , I have be in the trenches of this drug War , I have see the face of the enemy , etcetera . Robert just stare at he . CUT to : int . jail cell - day General Salazar sit in the same grimy cell that house Francisco Flores . he be sweat and he breathe be labor . a doctor enter and give he a injection , explain that it will calm he down . ext . desert outside tijuana - day it 's a reprise of the earlier desert bust ... a landing strip in the middle of nowhere , a plane landing , suv 's approach . this time javi be at the wheel of one of they . News crew be trail behind he . ext . desert airstrip - later javi and special agent Hughes stand next to a giant mound of seize cocaine , the same cocaine , in fact , javi hold briefly at the beginning . the same teenager from the pickup truck have be arrest . the news crew get everything . javier ( to the press ) this seizure be one of the large seizure in mexican history ... it represent the first bilateral effort of the american dea and the mexican i.n.c.d. int . jail cell - day General Salazar lie on he side , eye and mouth open . he be dead . javier look at he through the doorway . javier ( v.o. cont 'd ) today I be very proud to announce that Mexico , with the help of we american partner , be finally win the war against narcotic trafficking . the PRESS begin shouting question -- CUT to : omitted int . headquarters , i.n.c.d. - mexico - day Robert and javi walk through the headquarters , a nondescript government building . Robert extract photograph of the bust from a manila envelope . the crate of cocaine be clearly mark " 911 . " ROBERT the cocaine brand , 911 , be a East Coast brand , a juarez cartel brand , and you must know it usually come through into El paso ? javier I be aware of that . ROBERT so what 's it do in Tijuana ? javi look Robert wakefield squarely in the eye . he shrug . ROBERT let I ask you a hypothetical question : if Salazar work for madrigal and the juaraz cartel , and he go out of power , would it mean the juarez cartel be lose influence ? javier it could mean that , yes . ROBERT that would probably mean the Tijuana cartel be gain power ? javier it 's possible . ROBERT be it possible to have a drug czar in Mexico who be not connect in some war to one of the cartel ? javi think along time before answer . javier yeah , it 's possible ... if you be prepare to die . CUT to : ext . ayala front yard - afternoon a outdoor party be go on . Children and adult arrive and mingle . caterer work the barbecue grill . waiter serve food and drink on the roll lawn . helena circle through the crowd greeting friend . she look past she tree line and up the street where a telephone repair van be park . she turn back toward she guest . somebody have raise a cup and everyone be cheering . helena drink with she guest , then walk inside she house . at the front gate montel Gordon walk through the gate and up the drive . he grab a drink off the tray of a pass waiter . he appear drunk . montel follow helena into the house . int . carl private study - afternoon Carl hear the cheering outside and the sound of laughter . he make a cellular telephone call . int . arnie metigger office - afternoon arnie be in he office and answer the cell phone -- carlo ( v.o. ) it 's Saturday , arnie . you work too hard . arnie Carl , I be run late . I be come right now -- behind arnie in the office there be a movement of shadow . int . carl private study - afternoon Carl stand at the window look at he guest while he talk on the phone -- carlo do not bother . arnie ( v.o. ) what ? carlo so arnie , when be you go to tell I about the 3 million dollar we get in from San Francisco two day after I get arrest ? arnie ( v.o. ) I be just wait for the right time . carlo and you do not feel like you could trust my wife with this news ? arnie ( v.o. ) I just do not want to take a chance . I do not want to risk it . it could have be freeze along with everything else . carlo you have it all figure out . you move into my house . you raise my kid . you sleep with my wife . it be a good plan , arnie . arnie ( v.o. ) Carl , that 's insane . carlo so my wife be lie ? arnie ( v.o. ) Carl , think about it , if I be try to rip you off , I would have leave town after Ruiz be kill . I would not sit next to you in court listen to the dismissal . on the front lawn child be line up for the ice- cream sundae bar that be be tend by a waiter . carlo arnie , do think there 's a difference between a reason and a excuse , because I do not think there be . arnie ( v.o. ) Carl -- carlo Goodbye arnie . int . arnie metigger office - afternoon arnie turn around and there be two men in he office . int . carl private study - afternoon Carl hear muffled gunshot over the phone . he hang up and turn from the window . helena be stand there . helena who be that ? carlo arnie . he 's not go to be able to make the barbecue . Carl and helena share a embrace and a kiss . helena come downstairs . everyone be wait . Carl and helena turn to leave the room and montel Gordon be stand in the doorway with he glass of champagne . gordon hello , helena . what a great party . carlo who be you ? gordon nobody . I be a nobody who arrest you , but you wife be a murderer . Gordon take a sip of he drink . two security officer appear in the doorway behind he . security officer hey , you can not be in here . gordon I be a cop . security officer I do not care . helena ( to the guard ) throw he out of here . the security officer grab Gordon . there be a scuffle . Gordon fall to the floor by the window . they be wrestle . as they wrestle , Gordon reach out and , unnotice , affix tiny listening device underneath the desk . he continue to struggle with the guard . helena and carlos start from the room . gordon ( call out ) you do not win , helena . you lose everything . tell you child a nice bedtime story ... how you kill my partner . ext . ayala front yard - afternoon the guest watch as the guard eject Gordon from the premise . near the gate David have stop play to watch the action . then he go back to play with he toy : a spastic Jack figure . CUT to : ext . verdant neighborhood - mexico CITY - day javi and he convoy of armored suv 's pull up in front of the beautiful house where earlier he deposit Rosario , Salazar 's former mistress . javier open the front door and Rosario greet he by throw she arm around he neck . they disappear inside . CUT to : int . white house PRESS room - day the PRESS secretary stand at the familiar podium address the White House Press Corps . Robert wakefield stand to one side with Chief of staff , he lawyer , sheridan and General landry . PRESS secretary ...a sterling reputation and close friend of the President , recently confirm into the Office of National drug Control policy ... we new drug czar , Robert Hudson wakefield . applause from the assemble PRESS . the Press Secretary signal and Robert walk to the podium . he look back to the Chief of staff ; he stare out at the expectant face and television light and camera flash . ROBERT ( read he prepare speech ) the War on drug be a war on we nation 's most precious resource ... we child . sixty -eight million child have be target by that who perpetrate this war and protect that child must be priority number one . ( beat ) there have be progress and there have be failure , but where we have fall short I see not a problem but a opportunity . Robert be become increasingly uneasy . he glance at the Chief of staff who bore into he . he look again at he speech . with great effort he continue . ROBERT a opportunity to correct the mistake of the past while lay a solid foundation for the future . ( a long , uncomfortable beat ) this take not only new idea , but perseverance . this take not only resource , but courage . this take not only government , but family . Robert stop again as though the word be choke he . ROBERT I have ... I have outline a ten-point plan , represent a new bilateral effort ... he can not finish . everyone stare at Robert . the crowd of reporter sense something be wrong . ROBERT I can not do this . ( beat ) if there be a War on drug then we own family have become the enemy . how can you wage war on you own family ? he walk out of the room . the crowd wait , expect he to return . Robert walk down a corridor and out of the White House . ext . white house - day a beautiful spring morning . he walk down to Pennsylvania Avenue . he hail a cab and get in . the cab pull away . int . church basement - day a twelve step meeting be in progress . caroline share from she seat . caroline on the good day I feel like I get it , like it all make sense . I can stay in the moment . I do not have to control everything in the future . and I believe everything be go to work out fine . ( beat ) on the bad day , I just want to grab the phone and start dial number . I want to pull my hair and run through the street scream . ( beat ) but , thanks to the people I have meet in this room , people like Margaret and Jim and Sarah , people who have teach I how to listen , I be pretty sure I will make it through today . caroline be finish share . voice ( o.s. ) would you like to share ? we pan over to reveal Robert and Barbara sit next to caroline . ROBERT my name be Robert . this be my wife , Barbara . we be caroline 's parent . we be just hear to listen . CUT to : omit . ext . ayala home - night the house be dark and silent . the van be park up the street . int . van - night Gordon listen through a headset , he expression set . carlo ( v.o. ) ( over a listen device ) we be back up and run . completely untouchable . completely . CUT to : ext . baseball field - tijuana - day a bank of light crank on . then another and another . in a wider shot we see a illuminate baseball field where a child 's pickup game be in progress . in the crowd , javi serenely watch the game . the end