trainspotting screenplay by John Hodge base on the novel by irvine welsh directed by Danny boyle ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- ext . STREET . day leg run along the pavement . they be Mark Renton 's . just ahead of he be spud . they be both belting along . as they travel , various object ( pen , tape , CD , toiletry , tie , sunglass , etc. ) either fall or be discard from inside they jacket . they be pursue by two hard - look store detective in identical uniform . the man be fast , but Renton and spud maintain they lead . renton ( voice - over ) choose life . choose a job . choose a career . choose a family , choose a fuck big television , choose wash machine , car , compact disc player , and electrical tin opener . suddenly , as Renton cross a road , a car skid to a halt , inch from he . in a moment of detachment he stop and look at the shocked driver , then at spud , who have continue run , then at the two Men , who be now close in on he . he smile . int . swanney' flat room . day in a bare , dingy room , Renton lie on the floor , alone , motionless and drugge . renton ( v.o ) choose good health , low cholesterol and dental insurance . choose fix - interest mortgage repayment . choose a starter home . choose you friend . ext . football pitch . night on a flood light five - a- side pitch , Renton and he friend be take on another team at football . the opposition all wear a identical strip ( arsenal ) , whereas Renton and he friend wear a odd assortment of gear . Three girl -- lizzy , gail , and allison and baby -- stand by the side , watch . the boy be outclass by the team with the strip but play much dirtier . as each perform a characteristic bit of play , the play freeze and they name be visible , print or write on some item of clothing . ( t- shirt , baseball cap , short , trainer ) . in begbie 's case , he name appear as a tatoo on he arm . sick Boy commit a sneaky foul and indignantly deny it . begbie commit a obvious foul and make no effort to deny it . spud , in goal , let the ball in between he leg . Tommy kick the ball as hard as he can . Renton 's litany continue over the action : renton ( v.o ) choose leisure wear and match luggage . choose a three piece suite on hire purchase in a range of fuck fabric . choose diy and wonder who you be on a Sunday morning . choose sit on that couch watch mind - numb sprit-crush game show , stuff fuck junk food into you mouth . choose rotting away at the end of it all , pish you last in a miserable home , nothing more than a embarrassment to the selfish , fuck - up brat you have spawn to replace yourself . choose you future . choose life . Renton be hit straight in the face by the ball . he lie back on the astroturf . Voice - over continue . but who would I want to do a thing like that ? int . swanney' flat . day Renton lie on the floor . swanney , allison and baby , sick Boy and spud be shoot up or prepare to shoot up . sick Boy be talk to allison as he tap up a vein on she arm . renton ( v.o ) I choose not to choose life : I choose something else . and the reason ? there be no reason . who need reason when you have get heroin ? sick boy goldfinger 's better than Dr. no. both of they be a lot better than diamond be forever a judgement reflect in its relative poor show at the box office , in which field , of course , thunderball be a notable success . renton ( v.o ) people think it 's all about misery and desperation and death and all that shite , which be not to be ignore , but what they forget - spud be shoot up be the pleasure of it . otherwise we would not do it . after all , we be not fuck stupid . at least , we be not that fuck stupid . take the best orgasm you ever have , multiply it by a thousand and you be still nowhere near it . when you be on junk you have only one worry : scoring . when you be off it you be suddenly oblige to worry about all sort of other shite . get no money : can not get pished . get money : drink too much . can not get a bird : no chance of a ride . get a bird : too much hassle . you have to worry about bill , about food , about some football team that never fuck wind , about human relationship and all the thing that really do not matter when you have get a sincere and truthful junk habit . sick boy I would say , in that day , he be a muscular actor , in every sense , with all the presence of someone like Cooper or lancaster , but combine with a sly wit to make he a formidable romantic lead , closer in that respect to cary grant . renton ( v.o ) the only drawback , or at least the principal drawback , be that you have to endure all manner of cunt tell you that - int . pub i. night begbie , smoking and drink , speak to camera . begbie no way would I poison my body with that shite , all they fuck chemical , no fuck way . int . pub i. night Tommy sit beside lizzy . he speak to camera . tommy it 's a waste of you life , rent , poisoning you body with that shite . int . renton family home , live room . night Renton 's father and mother sit at the table eat . Renton be seat but not eat . father every chance you have ever have , you have blow it , stuff you vein with that filth . -------- int . electrical retailer . day gav wear the corporate jacket . gav get off that stuff , rent and get a job . it 's not as bad as it look . while you be here , you do not fancy buy a cooker , do you ? -------- int . swanney' flat . day sick Boy and spud lie drugge up . allison and baby wait while swanney cook up . Renton be stand up . renton ( v.o ) from time to time , even I have uttere the magic word . swanney be you serious ? renton yeah . no more . I be finish with that shite . swanney well , it 's up to you . renton I be go to get it right this time . go to get it set up and get off it for good . swanney sure , sure . I have hear it before . renton the sick Boy method . they both look at sick Boy swanney yeah , well , it surely work for he . renton he 's always be lack in moral fibre . swanney he know a lot about Sean connery . renton that 's hardly a substitute . swanney you will need one more hit . renton no , I do not think so . swanney to see you through the night that lie ahead . freeze Frame on swanney . renton ( v.o ) we call he the mother superior on account of the length of he habit . he know all about it . on it , off it , he know it all . of course I would have another shot : after all , I have work to do . int . rentone flat room . day the door open and Renton enter carry shopping bag . he empty they on to a mattress beside three bucket and a television . renton ( v.o ) relinquish junk . stage one : preparation . for this you will need : one room which you will not leave ; one mattress ; tomato soup , ten tin of ; mushroom soup , eight tin of , for consumption cold ; ice cream , vanilla , one large tub of ; magnesia , milk of , one bottle ; paracetamol ; mouth wash ; vitamin ; mineral water ; lucozade ; pornography ; one bucket for urine , one for fece , and one for vomitus ; one television ; and one bottle of valium , which I have already procure , from my mother , who be , in she own domestic and socially acceptable way , also a drug addict . Renton swallow several valium tablet . voice- over continue . and now I be ready . all I need be a final hit to soothe the pain while the valium take effect . -------- int . swanney' flat . day swanney , sick Boy , spud and allison and baby all lie inert while the telephone ring . -------- int . call BOX . day Renton curse as he slam down the receiver . he dial again . renton mikey . it 's Mark Renton . can you help I out ? int . mikey' flat . day Renton hold two opium suppository in the palm of he hand . renton ( v.o ) this be typical of mikey forrester . ( on screen ) what the fuck be this ? ( v.o ) under the normal run of thing I would have have nothing to do with the cunt , but this be not the normal run of thing . mikey opium suppository . ideal for you purpose . slow release , like . bring you down gradually . custom fuck design for you need . renton I want a fuck hit . mikey that 's all I have get : take it or leave it . Renton stick he hand down the back of he trousers and stick the suppository into he rectum . feel better now ? renton for all the good they have do I I might as well have stick they up my arse . he smile . ext . STREET . day renton ( v.o ) heroin make you constipate . the heroin from my last hit be fade away and the suppository have yet to melt . I be no longer constipate . he look around the local amenity . he be in discomfort , clutching he abdomen and fall to he knee . he notice a betting shop . int . betting shop . day Renton walk through the crowded , smoky betting shop towards a door mark ' toilet ' with a bit of card . renton ( v.o ) I fantasize about massive pristine convenience . he stumble through . ( v.o ) brilliant gold tap , virginal white marble , a seat carve from ebony , a cistern full of chanel no. 5 , and a flunky hand I piece of raw silk toilet roll . but under the circumstance I will settle for anywhere . int . horrible toilet . day this be the most horrible toilet in Britain . alone , Renton make he way through the horror to a cubicle . int . horrible toilet cubicle . day Renton lock the door . he look into the bowl and wince with disgust , even in he state . he pull the chain . the chain come off . he drop he trousers , sit on the bowl and close he eye . -------- montage a lorry on a building site dump a load of brick , b52 's shed they load on Vietnam , the Blue Peter elephant , etc . -------- int . cubicle . day Renton have he eye close . they snap open . he look down between he leg . he drop to he knee in front of the bowl and roll he sleeve up . with no more hesitation he plunge he arm into the bowl and trawls for the suppository . it seem to take age . he can not find they . he stick he arm further and further into the toilet , move he whole body close . he strain to find it . his head be over the bowl now . gradually he reach still further until he head be lower into the bowl , follow by he neck , torso , other arm , and finally he leg , all disappear . the cubicle be empty . int . under water . day Renton , dress as before , swim through murky depth until he reach the bottom , where he pick up the suppository , which glow like luminous pearl , before head up towards the surface again . int . horrible toilet cubicle . day the toilet be empty . suddenly Renton appear through the bowl , then he arm as he lift himself out . still clasp he two suppository , he walk out of the toilet . int . rentone room . day the mattress , bucket and supplies be laid out as before . the door open and Renton enter , still soaking and drip . the suppository be in he hand . he hold they up , and they twinkle in the light . renton now . now I be ready . int . rentone room . day the can of soup , the bottle of water , and the carton of ice cream be empty , the bottle of pill spilt , the magazine well thumbed . -------- sick boy you only live twice ? renton nineteen-sixty -seven . sick boy running time ? renton one hundred and sixteen minute . sick boy director ? renton Lewis Gilbert . sick boy screenwriter ? renton eh - Ian Fleming ? sick boy fuck off ! he never write any of they . renton ok , so who be it , then ? sick boy you can look it up . sick Boy throw across a wear copy of a film guide . Renton can not be bother to pick it up . how be you feel since you come off the skag ? for myself , I be bored . renton who write it ? sick boy but you be look better , it have to be say . healthier . radiant even . renton you do not know , do you ? sick boy and I wonder if you would care to go to the park tomorrow . renton the park ? sick boy tomorrow afternoon . usual set-up . renton who write it ? sick boy roald dahl . renton roald dahl . fuck I . -------- ext . park . day typical weather , neither good nor bad . the park be nondescript arid green with a few bush . this be not kew garden . Renton and sick Boy appear , dress as before but for the addition of cheap sunglass . Renton be carry a batter old cassette player and a carry - out in a plastic bag . sick Boy be carry a small , tatty suitcase from oxfam . they scan the horizon and give each other the nod . they walk towards the bush . renton ( v.o ) the down side of come off junk be that I know I would need to mix with my friend again in a state of full consciousness . it be awful : they remind I so much of myself I could hardly bear to look at they . take sick Boy , for instance , he come off junk at the same time as I , not because he want too , you understand , but just to annoy I , just to show I how easily he could do it , thereby downgrade my own struggle . sneaky fucker , do not you think ? and when all I want to do be lie along and feel sorry for myself , he insisted on tell I once again about he unify theory of life . ext . park . day see through the telescopic sight of a air rifle that wander over various potential target ( child , pensioner , couple , gardener , etc . ) . sick boy it 's certainly a phenomenon in all walk of life . renton what do you mean ? sick boy well , at one time , you have get it , and then you lose it , and it 's go for ever . all walk of life : George best , for example , have it and lose it , or David bowie , or Lou reed - renton some of he solo stuff 's not bad . sick boy no , it 's not bad , but it 's not great either , be it ? and in you heart you kind of know that although it sound all right , it 's actually just shite . renton so who else ? sick boy Charlie Nicholas , David niven , malcolm mclare , elvis presley . - renton ok , ok , so what 's the point you be try to make ? ext . park . day sick Boy rest the gun down . sick boy all I be try to do be help you understand that the name of the Rose be merely a blip on a otherwise uninterrupted downward trajectory . renton what about the untouchable ? sick boy I do not rate that at all . renton despite the Academy award ? sick boy that mean fuck all . the sympathy vote . renton right . so we all get old and then we can not hack it any more . be that it ? sick boy yeah . renton that 's you theory ? sick boy yeah , beautifully fuck illustrate . renton give I the gun . ext . park . day through the sight again . this time a skinhead and he muscle - bound dog be in view . sick Boy and Renton talk like Sean connery . sick boy do you see the beast ? have you get it in you sight ? renton clear enough , moneypenny . this should present no significant problem . the gun fire and the dog yelp , jump up and bite its owner ( the skinhead ) . sick boy for a vegetarian , rent , you be a fuck evil shot . ext . park . day Renton load up again . renton ( v.o ) without heroin , I attempt to lead a useful and fulfil life as a good citizen . int . café . day two milkshake clink together . Renton and spud and seat at a booth , dress in they own fashion for job interview . renton good luck , spud . spud cheer . renton now remember -- spud yeah . renton if they think you be not try , you be in trouble . first hint of that , they will be on to the dss , ' this cunt 's no try ' and you giro be fuck finish , right ? spud right . renton but try too hard -- spud and you might get the fuck job . renton exactly . spud nightmare . renton it 's a tightrope , spud , a fuck tightrope . spud my problem be that I tend to clam up . I go dumb and I can not answer any question at all . nerves on the big occasion , like a footballer . renton try this . Renton unfold silver foil to reveal some amphetamine . spud dip in a finger and take a dab . he nod in appreciation as he taste it . Renton leave the packet in spud 's hand . spud a little dab of speed be just the ticket . -------- int . interview office . day a woman and two Men ( 1 and 2 ) be interview Renton . his job application form be on the desk in front of they . man 1 well , Mr. Renton , I see that you attend the Royal Edinburgh College . renton indeed , yes , that halcyon day . man 1 one of Edinburgh 's finest school . renton oh , yes , indeed . I look back on my time there with great fondness and affection . the debate society , the first eleven , the soft know of willow on leather -- man 1 I be a old boy myself , you know ? renton oh , really ? man 1 do you recall the school motto ? renton of course , the motto , the motto -- man 1 strive , hope , believe and conquer . renton exactly . that very word have be my guide light in what be , after all , a dark and often hostile world . Renton look pious under scrutiny . man 2 Mr. Renton -- renton yes . man 2 you seem eminently suite to this post but I wonder if you could explain the gap in you employment record ? renton yes , I can . the truth -- well , the truth be that I have have a long-standing problem with heroin addiction . I have be know to sniff it , smoke it , swallow it , stick it up my arse and inject it into my vein . I have be try to combat this addiction , but unless you count social security scam and shoplift , I have not have a regular job in year . I feel it 's important to mention this . there be silence . a paper clip crash to the floor . -------- int . office . day the same office . the same team be interview spud . spud no , actually I go to craignewton but I be worried that you would not have hear of it so I put the Royal Edinburgh College instead , because they be both school , right , and we be all in this together , and I want to put across the general idea rather than the detail , yeah ? people get all hang up on detail , but what 's the point ? like which school ? do it matter ? why ? when ? where ? or how many o grade do I get ? could be six , could be one , but that 's not important . what 's important be that I be , right ? that I be . man 1 Mr. Murphy , do you mean that you lie on you application ? spud only to get my foot in the door . show initiative , right ? man 1 you be refer here by the Department of employment . there 's no need for you to get you " foot in the door " , as you put it . spud hey. right . no problem . whatever you say , man . you be the man , the governor , the dude in the chair , like . I be merely here . but obviously I be . here , that be . I hope I be not talk too much . I do not usually . I think it 's all important though , be not it ? man 2 Mr. Murphy , what attract you to the leisure industry ? spud in a word , pleasure . my pleasure in other people 's leisure . --------- woman what do you see as you main strength ? spud I love people . all people . even people that no one else love , I think they be ok , you know . like beggar . woman homeless people ? spud no , not homeless people . beggar , Francis begbie -- one of my mate . I would not say my best mate , I mean , sometimes the boy go over the score , like one time when we -- I and he -- be have a laugh and all of a sudden he 's fuck gub I in the face , right -- --------- woman Mr. Murphy , nleave you friend aside , } do you see yourself as have any weakness ? spud no. well , yes . I have to admit it : I be a perfectionist . for I , it 's the best or nothing at all . if thing go badly , I can not be bother , but I have a good feel about this interview . seem to I like it 's go pretty well . we have touch on a lot of subject , a lot of thing to think about , for all of we . man 1 thank you , Mr. Murphy . we will let you know . spud the pleasure be mine . best interview I have ever be to . thanks . spud cross the room to shake everyone by the hand and kiss they . renton ( v.o ) spud have do well . I be proud of he . he fuck up good and proper . -------- int . pub 1 . day Renton and spud meet up after the interview . spud a little too well , if anything , a little too well , that 's my only fear , compadre . renton another dab ? spud would not say no , would not say no . int . office . day the woman and two Men sit in silence . -------- int . pub 2 . night it be Saturday night in a busy , city - centre pub on two level . on a large upper balcony , overlook the bar and floor downstairs , sit spud , gail , Renton , sick Boy , Tommy , lizzy and begbie . begbie 's story overlap with the subsequent depiction of the incident . begbie ( v.o ) picture the scene . Wednesday morning in the volley . I and Tommy be play pool . no problem , and I be play like Paul fuck Newman by the way . I be give the boy here the tanning of a lifetime . so anyway , it come to the final ball , the decide shot of the tournament : I be on the black and he 's sit in the corner , look all biscuit-arsed . then this hard cunt come in . obviously fancie himself . start look at I . right fuck at I . try to put off , like , just for kick . look at I as if to say , ' come ahead , square go . ' well , you know I , I be no look for trouble but at the end of the day I be the cunt with the pool cue and I be game for a swedge . so I square up , casual like . so what do the hard cunt do , or so-called hard cunt ? shite it . put down he drink , turn around and get the fuck out of there . and after that , the game be mine . int . pool hall . day the event in the pool hall , as describe by begbie . begbie and Tommy be play pool . begbie be play like a wizard . Tommy look defeat . line up for the final ball , begbie be distract by a large hard man stand at the bar stare at he . begbie stand up and walk slowly towards the hard man . they stand , eye to eye , for a moment . begbie swing the pool cue slowly into he palm . the hard man turn and leave . begbie drink the hard man 's pint , then pot the black with a brilliant shot . int . pub 2 . day begbie , he story complete , finish he pint . the other continue to stare at he , freeze as though expect something more . begbie smile and throw the pint over he head . freeze-frame : the glass in mid-air and begbie 's smile face . renton ( v.o ) and that be it . that be begbie 's story . or at least that be begbie 's version of the story . but a couple of day later I get the truth from Tommy . it be one of he major weakness : he never tell lie , never take drug , and never cheat on anyone . int . tommy' flat . day Renton 's hand flick through a long row of video on the floor while the sound of weight be lift ( by Tommy ) emanate from nearby . most of the video be feature film or comedy show , some with title write in Tommy 's hand , but two catch Renton 's attention . they be 100 great goal and Tommy and lizzy vol. 1 , the latter a handwritten title . Renton look from the video round to Tommy , who be engross in lift weight . tommy well , sure it be Wednesday morning , we be in the volley play pool , that much be true . int . pool hall . day Tommy 's account over a depiction of he version . tommy ( v.o ) but begbie be play absolutely fuck gash . he 's get a hangover so bad he can hardly hold the fuck cue , never mind pot the ball . I be do my best to lose , try to humour he , like , but it 's not do any good : every time I touch the ball I pot something , every time begbie go near the table he fuck it up . so he 's get the hump , right , but finally I manage to set it up so all he 's go to do be pot the black to win one game and salvage a little pride and maybe not kick my head in , right . so he 's on the black , pressure shot , and it all go wrong , big time . what do he do ? pick on this specky wee gadge at the bar and accuse he of put he off by look at he . can you believe it ? I mean , the poor cunt have not even glance in we direction . he 's sit there quiet as a mouse when beggar gub he with the cue . he be go to chib he , I tell you , then I think he be go to do I . the beggar be fuck psycho , but he 's a mate , you know , so what can you do ? the event be as follow : begbie and Tommy be play pool . begbie , furious , miscue , go in off , etc . Tommy deliberately miss sitter and try to look annoyed . begbie line up to play the black . it be unmissable . at the bar beyond sit a harmless young man , wear the same clothes as the hard man in begbie 's account except that they be now baggy rather than taut . he be clearly not stare at begbie but drink a half - pint and eat some crisp . as begbie play , the man bite a crisp . begbie miscue , rip the cloth and the ball fly off the table . Tommy catch it and look up to see begbie assault the young man . Tommy cautiously restrain begbie and he reach into he jacket for a knife . begbie turn and for a moment look as though he might attack Tommy . int . tommy' flat . day Tommy put down he weight . Renton hold up 100 great goal . renton can I borrow this one ? int . pub 2 . night the freeze-frame of the glass in mid-air and begbie 's smile face . renton ( v.o ) yeah , the guy 's a psycho , but it 's true , he 's a mate as well , so what can you do ? just stand back and watch and try not to get involved . begbie do not do drug either , he just do people . that what he get off on : he own sensory addiction . the glass fall into the crowd . scream start . a woman be bleed from a wound in she head . the Men beside she turn furiously around to look for the source of the glass . up on the balcony , begbie stand up . the scream and shouting continue below . begbie appear at the bottom of the staircase down from the balcony . he stride towards the bleed woman and begin shouting . begbie all right . nobody move . the girl get glass and no cunt leave here until we find out which cunt do it . a man stand up from one of the table . man and who the fuck do you think you be ? begbie kick the man in the groin . another move towards he but be block by the Men surround the girl . soon the whole mass dissolves into a brutal scrum , in which begbie play a prominent part . up on the balcony , the rest of the gang watch in silence . int . rentone flat . day the empty cover for 100 great goal lie on the floor . sick Boy and Renton sit dispassionately watch Tommy and lizzy in they home - make soft - porn video . renton ( v.o ) and as I sit watch the intimate and highly personal video , steal only hour earlier from one of my best friend , I realize that something important be miss from my life . int . club . night a mass of dance body fill the floor . the music be very loud . at the side of the dance floor sit Tommy and spud . the look rather gloomy . there be a empty seat beside each of they . spud be drink heavily . Tommy turn and speak to spud . his lip move but nothing be audible . spud be not ever aware that Tommy have speak . Tommy bellow in spud 's ear . Tommy 's word and all subsequent conversation in the dance area of the club appear as subtitles , the character 's communication somewhere between speech and mime . tommy how 's it go with gail ? spud no joy yet . tommy how long be it ? spud six week . tommy six week ! spud it 's a nightmare . she tell I she do not want we relationship to start on a physical basis as that be how it would be principally define from then on in . tommy where do she come up with that ? spud she read it in cosmopolitan . tommy six week and no sex ? spud I have get ball like watermelon , I be tell you . int . nightclub , women' toilet . night gail and lizzy be smoking and talk . gail I read it in cosmopolitan . lizzy it 's a interesting theory . gail actually it 's a nightmare . I have be desperate for a shag , but watch he suffer be just too much fun . you should try it with Tommy . lizzy what , and deny myself the only pleasure I get from he ? do I tell you about my birthday ? gail what happen ? lizzy he forget . useless motherfucker . int . nightclub . dance area . night Tommy and spud seat as before . they word be subtitle . as they be speak gail and lizzy return and sit down . tommy useless motherfucker , that 's what she call I . I tell she , I be sorry , but these thing happen . let 's put it behind we . spud that 's fair enough . tommy yes , but then she find out I have buy a ticket for iggy pop the same night . spud go ballistic ? tommy Big time . absolutely fuck radge . ' it 's I or iggy pop , time to decide . ' spud so what 's it go to be ? tommy well , I have pay for the ticket . gail and lizzy what be you two talk about ? tommy and spuid football . what be you talk about ? gail and lizzy Shopping stand nearby but apart from they be Renton . Renton note spud and Tommy with they partner , and across the other side sick Boy and begbie be engage in flirtatious conversation with two woman . renton ( v.o ) the situation be become serious . Young Renton notice the haste with which the successful , in the sexual sphere as in all other , egregate themselves from the failure . begbie and sick Boy with the two woman . Renton stand among a group of lone nerd . Renton wade on to the dance floor , look at countless woman , all whom either turn away or be speak for . renton ( v.o ) heroin have rob Renton of he sex drive , but now it return with a vengeance . and as the impotence of that day fade into memory , grim desperation take hold in he sex -craze mind . his post -junk libido , fuelle by alcohol and amphetamine , taunt he remorselessly with he own unsatisfy desire dot . Renton notice one girl ( Diane ) walk on she own towards the door . a man carry two drink catch up with she and walk backwards , talk to she . she say nothing . he block she way . she take one drink and downs it , then the other , hand he back the empty glass . she step past he and walk on towards the door . ( v.o ) and with that , Mark Renton have fall in love . ext . STREET . night the girl walk away from the club , scan the street for a taxi , and hail one which stop just as Renton call out . renton Excuse I , I do not mean to harass you , but I be very impressed by the capable and stylish manner in which you deal with that situation . I think to myself : she 's special . diane thanks . renton what 's you name ? diane Diane . renton where be you go , Diane ? diane I be go home . renton where 's that ? diane it 's where I live . renton great . diane what ? renton I will come back if you like , but I be not promise anything . Diane halt abruptly as a taxi pull up . diane do you find that this approach usually work , or , let I guess , you have never try it before . in fact , you do not normally approach girl , be I right ? the truth be that you be a quite , sensitive type but if I be prepare to take a chance I might just get to know the inner you : witty , adventurous , passionate , loving , loyal , a little bit crazy , a little bit bad , but , hey , do not we girl just love that ? renton eh - diane well , what 's wrong , boy ? cat get you tongue . renton I think I leave something back at the - the girl have disappear into the back of the taxi . Renton look around . taxi driver be you get in or not , pal ? ext . road . night the taxi motor along . int . taxi . night Renton and Diane be kissing passionately in the back . ext . STREET . night spud be push against the wall hold by he lapel . he drink from a bottle of beer in one hand . gail do you understand ? spud nod drunkenly . gail release she grip . we relationship be not be redefine ; it be develop in a appropriate , organic fashion . I expect you to be a considerate and thoughtful lover , generous but firm . failure on you part to live up to this very reasonable expectation will result in swift resumption of a non- sex situation . right ? spud drink from a bottle in the other hand and say nothing but he do not look too happy . int . tommy' flat . night Tommy and lizzy kiss while Tommy unlock the door . int . diane's home , hallway . night in a darken suburban hallway , the door open and two figure enter . renton Diane . diane ssshh ! renton sorry . diane shut up . they walk through another door and close it behind they . int . tommy' flat . night Tommy and lizzy kiss against the inside of th door , take they outer clothes off . int . diane's bedroom . night by a pale bedside light , Diane and Renton undress . int . gail bedroom . night spud be lie unconscious on the bed . gail stand over he . gail wake up , spud , wake up . sex . she kick he . he moan . casual sex . she kick he again . he moan again . you useless bastard . so , let 's see what I be miss . she begin undress he . int . diane's bedroom . night Renton lie on he back while Diane ride above he . int . gail bedroom . night gail throw spud 's clothes to the floor and throw a blanket over he . gail not much . she switch out the light . int . tommy' flat . night Tommy and lizzy now lie on the bed in a state of semi-undress . lizzy Tommy , let 's put the tape on . tommy now ? lizzy yes , I want to watch ourselves while we be screwing . tommy fuck , ok . Tommy get up and reach into the row of video on the floor . he lift out Tommy and lizzy , vol . 1 and hastily shove it into the video . Tommy sit back on the bed with the remote control and press ' play ' as lizzy kiss he . his face register consternation . on the television , archie gemmill score he famous goal against Holland in 1978 . int . diane's bedroom . night Renton and Diane climax together . Diane immediately climb off and wrap herself in a robe . renton Christ , I have not feel that good since archie gemmill score against Holland in 1978 . diane right . you can not sleep here . renton what ? diane out . renton come on . diane no argument . you can sleep on the sofa in the live room , or go home . it 's up to you . renton Jesus . diane and do not make any noise . int . tommy' flat . night the light be full on now . lizzy sit on the bed clutching a blanket around herself . Tommy hop around in he underwear , search desperately . all the video be open and scattered everywhere . lizzy what do you mean , it 's ' go ' ? where have it go , Tommy ? tommy it will be here somewhere . I might have return it by mistake . lizzy returned it ? where ? to the video shop , Tommy ? to the fuck video store ? so every punter in Edinburgh be jerk off to we video ? God , Tommy , I feel sick . int . diane's home , live - room . morning Renton lie submerge under a blanket . the sound of a normal morning travel from a room nearby : whistle , radio , voice . Renton peep over the edge of the blanket , then cover he head again . int . gail bedroom . morning spud open he eye . with he finger , he feel crust liquid around he mouth . abruptly he turn around : the bed be soak in vomit . he look under the cover and drop it again in revulsion . int . diane's home , live -room . day Renton pull himself up off the sofa and dress as quickly as possible . int . gail bedroom . day spud wipe the vomit from he chest with a pillowcase , which he dump in the middle of the sheet before gather the whole lot up as a bundle . int . diane's home , hall / kitchen . day the door swing open . a man and a woman , about Renton 's age , sit at the kitchen table . they look up to see Renton in the doorway . man good Morning . woman come in and sit down . you must be Mark . Renton walk to the table and sit down . renton yes , that 's I . woman you be a friend of Diane 's ? renton more of a friend of a friend , really . man right . renton be you she flatmate ? the couple exchange a look and laugh . woman flatmates . I must remember that one . the man and woman look beyond Renton . he too turn and follow they gaze . Diane stand in the doorway . she be wear school uniform . int . gail be home , hall / kitchen . day the door swing open to reveal the kitchen . gail , she Father , and mother be seat around the table , eat breakfast . they look towards spud , who carry the knotted bundle of sheet as he approach the table . gail good morning , spud . spud Morning , gail . Morning , Mrs. Houston , Mr. Houston . mother Morning , spud . sit down and have some breakfast . spud sorry about last night - gail it 's all right . I sleep fine on the sofa . spud I have a little too much to drink . I be afraid I have a slight accident . father oh , do not worry , this thing happen . it do everyone good to cut loose once in a while . gail this one could do with be tie up once in a while . mother I will put the sheet in the wash machine just now . spud no , I will wash they . I will take they home and bring they back . mother there 's no need . spud it 's no problem . mother no problem for I either . mother honestly , it 's no problem . spud I would really rather take care of it myself . mother spud , they be my sheet . she take hold of the bundle . spud do not yield . she pull harder . spud hold on . she tug powerfully . the bundle burst open with a explosion of vomit and excrement that cover everything in the kitchen . only spud remain untouched . --------- spud I guess this mean I will never get to have sex with gail . int . tommy' flat . day Tommy sit alone , watch 100 great goal --------- ext . STREET . day Renton pace briskly down the street , follow by Diane . diane I do not see why not . renton because it 's illegal . diane holding hand ? renton no , not hold hand . diane in that case you can do it . you be quite happy to do a lot more last night . renton and that 's what 's illegal . do you know what they do to people like I inside ? they would cut my ball off and flush they down the fuck toilet . they stop at the school gate . diane calm down . you be not go to jail . renton easy for you to say . diane can I see you again ? renton certainly not . Renton walk away . diane if you do not see I again I will tell the police . Renton turn and walk back to she . they stand for a moment , then Renton walk away again . Diane smile . ( to herself ) I will see you around then . ext . video store . day in the cold light of morning , Tommy and lizzy wait , not speak , outside the still - close video store . --------- ext . rail bridge . day a train speed across . int . train . day sick Boy , Tommy , spud and Renton sit drink from a extensive carry - out . sick boy this have better be good . tommy it will be . it will make a change for three miserable junky who do not know what they want to do with themselves since they stop do smack . sick boy if I be give up a whole day and the price of a ticket , I be just say it have better be good . there 's plenty of other thing I could be do . tommy such as ? sick boy such as sit in a darken room , watch video , drink , smoking dope and wank . do that answer you question ? they sit in silence . --------- ext . station . day the station be in the middle of a moor . there appear to be no habitation around . in the distance be some hill . the train stand at the station . as it pull away , Renton , spud , Tommy and sick Boy be leave stand on the platform , look around . sick boy now what ? tommy we go for a walk . spud what ? tommy a walk . spud but where ? Tommy point vaguely across the moor . tommy there . sick boy be you serious ? they step across the track toward the vast moorland . they stop . all but Tommy sit down on rock or clump of heather . tommy well , what be you wait for ? spud I do not know , Tommy . I do not know if it 's ... normal . a group of three serious walker trudge past from the other end of the platform , deck out in regulation berghaus from head to foot . they tramp off towards the wilderness . the boy watch they go . spud open a can . tommy it 's the great outdoors . sick boy it 's really nice , Tommy . can we go home now ? tommy it 's fresh air . sick boy look , Tommy , we know you be get a hard time off lizzy , but there 's no need to take it out on we . tommy do not it make you proud to be Scottish ? renton I hate be Scottish . we be the lowest of the fuck low , the scum of the earth , the most wretch , servile , miserable , pathetic trash that be ever shat into civilization . some people hate the English , but I do not . they be just wanker . we , on the other hand , be colonize by wanker . we can not even pick a decent culture to be colonize by . we be rule by effete arsehole . it 's a shite state of affair and all the fresh air in the world will not make any fuck difference . the three serious walker be recede into the distance . the boy troop back towards the platform . ( v.o ) at or around this time , we make a healthy , inform , democratic decision to get back on drug as soon as possible . it take about twelve hour . int . swanney' flat . day Renton hand over money to swanney . Renton then begin cooking up . also present and cooking or shoot up be spud , swanney , allison and baby , and sick Boy . renton ( v.o ) it look easy , this , but it 's not . it look like a doss , like a soft option , but live like this , it 's a full - time business . he inject . --------- int . shop . day Renton , spud , and sick Boy be stuff object into they shirt and pocket . --------- int . swanney' flat . day Renton lie back , narcotize . ext . STREET . day Renton and spud be run along the street . two uniform store detective be run after they . sick Boy stand in a doorway . as the detective run past , he stroll away in the opposite direction . int . swanney' flat . day Renton lie back as before . sick boy Ursula andress be the quintessential bond girl . that 's what everyone say . the embodiment of he superiority to we : beautiful , exotic , highly sexual and yet unavailable to everyone but he . shite . let 's face it : if she would shag one punter from Edinburgh , she would shag the fuck lot of we . int . swanney' flat . later spud cook up , watch by swanney . nearby lie the drugge form of Renton , sick Boy and allison and baby . int . renton family home , live -room . night Renton 's mother and Father sit read the paper and a magazine . int . renton family home , parent ' bedroom . night Renton trawls through drawer and any container ( shoe box , make - up box , under the mattress , etc. ) until he find some cash / jewelry . int . swanney' flat . day Renton lie back , stare vacantly ahead . Tommy flop down beside he . Renton show barely a flicker of awareness . tommy lizzy 's go , Mark , she 's go and fuck dumped I . it be the video tape and that iggy pop business and all sort of other stuff . she tell I where to go and no mistake . I say , be there any chance of get back together , like , but no way , no fuck way . int . hospital ward sitting -room . day a few elderly patient sit in armchair watch daytime television . Renton and spud jump and climb through a open window . watched by the helpless patient , they calmly disconnect the television and take it with they as they leave by the same route . int . swanney' flat . day Renton and Tommy slump side by side as before . tommy I want to try it , Mark . you be always go on about how it 's the ultimate hit and that . better than sex . come on , I be a fuck adult . I want to find out for myself . Renton huddle up and lean away from Tommy . I have get the money . Tommy produce ten pound from he pocket . ext . STREET . day Renton and spud run along the street . int . swanney' flat . day Tommy lie drugge on the floor . --------- int . flat to be burgle . day the door of a ordinary flat be kick open . begbie walk in , crowbar in hand , follow by sick Boy and spud . int . swanney' flat . day sick boy honor blackman a.k.a. pussy galore , what a total fuck misnomer . I would not touch she with yours . I would sooner shag col kreb . at least you know where you be with a woman like that . not much to look at , like , but personality , that 's what count , that 's what keep a relationship go through the year . like heroin . I mean , heroin 's get fuck great personality . sick Boy open the heel of a he shoe to reveal a syringe . --------- int . swanney' flat . day swanney hand over a small bag of heroin in exchange for ten pound from Renton . --------- int . flat to be burgle , kitchen . day spud check the fridge and pull out a large chunk of deep - freeze meat . he hit with the crowbar until it fracture and split . Inside there be some jewellery . --------- int . car . day the car be empty . a window be break and the door open . the car alarm go off . Renton reach under the seat and find the radio / cassette . he then pull the bonnet release . ext . car . day the car alarm ring on until Renton calmly produce a pair of wire cutter and a spanner to cut free and release the battery . the alarm be silence . Renton walk away with the battery and the stereo . int . gp surgery . day renton ( v.o ) swanney teach we to adore and respect the National Health service , for it be the source of much of we gear . we steal drug , we steal prescription , or buy they , sell they , swap they , forge they , photocopy they or trade they with cancer victim , alcoholics , old age pensioner , aids patient , epileptic and bored housewive . we take morphine , diamorphine , cyclozine , codeine , temazepam , nitrezepam , phenobarbitone , sodium amytal dextropropoxyphene , methadone , nalbuphine , pethidine , pentazocine , buprenorphine , dextromoramide chlormethiazole . the street be awash with drug that you can have for unhappiness and pain , and we take they all . fuck it , we would have injected vitamin C if only they would make it illegal . the gp examine Renton 's chest and smile . the gp turn to wash he hand . Renton pull on he shirt and steal a prescription pad off the desk . --------- int . swanney' flat . day Renton lie back with he eye close . a football enter the frame to bounce off he head and out again . he open he eye and it happen again . opposite he , spud , sick Boy and Tommy stand look down on he . Tommy throw the ball again . --------- int . pub i. day it 's the first day of the Edinburgh Festival . Renton , Tommy , spud , sick Boy and begbie sit drink . they observe a young male american Tourist walk in in a bulky red anorak and glass . he go past they towards the toilet . begbie stand up . int . pub I , toilet . day the american Tourist turn from the urinal to see begbie , Renton , sick Boy , spud and Tommy approach . begbie punch and kick the Tourist and pull out a knife . --------- int . taxi . day the door of the taxi open , begbie , Tommy , spud , sick Boy and Renton get in , carry the red anorak and glass . as the taxi pull away they study the photograph in the passport . they look at one another in agreement . ext . taxi . day the taxi motor along . --------- int . pub i. night a man at the bar be now wear the red anorak . begbie divide up the money among sick Boy , Tommy , spud , and Renton . Renton take he share . begbie and remember , rent : no skag . renton aye , ok , fr. renton ( v.o ) but the good time could not last for ever . int . swanney' flat . day Renton lie as before . around the room be swanney , allison , Tommy , spud and sick Boy . allison begin scream and wail . slowly , the other rouse themselves to vary degree . renton ( v.o ) I think allison have be scream all day , but it have not really register before . she might have be scream for a week for all I know . it 's be day since I have hear anyone speak , though surely someone must have say something in all that time , surely to fuck someone must have . sick boy what 's wrong , allison ? allison point toward the bundle of dirty blanket in which she baby be wrap . sick Boy follow she direction . spud calm down , calm down . it 's go to be all right , everything 's go to be just fine . renton ( v.o ) nothing could have be further from the truth . in point of fact , nothing at all be go to be just fine . on the contrary , everything be go to be bad . bad ? I mean worse than it already be . sick Boy stand over the bundle . the baby be dead . sick boy oh , fuck . sick Boy reach out to allison . renton ( v.o ) it be not my baby . she be not my baby . baby Dawn . she be not mine . spud 's ? swanney 's ? sick Boy 's ? I do not know . maybe allison know . maybe not . I wish I could think of something to say , something sympathetic , something human . sick boy say something , Mark , say something -- renton I be cooking ' up . there be a silence . Renton begin scramble around through the work . allison cook one for I , Renton . I need a hit . renton ( v.o ) and so she do , I could understand that . to take the pain away . so I cook up and she get a hit , but only after I . that go without say . ext . STREET . day Renton , spud and sick Boy cross the road to approach the shop . renton ( v.o ) well , at least we know who the father be now . it be not just the baby that die that day . something inside sick Boy be lose and never return . it seem he have no theory with which to explain a moment like this . --------- int . shop . day Renton , spud and sick Boy be stuff they pocket , as see before . Renton 's theft be interrupt by Diane 's voice . diane hello there , Mark . Diane be stand just beside he . what be you do ? Renton be speechless , but a few steal item fall from inside he jacket down to the floor . Diane look down . spud and sick Boy start to snigger . one of the store detective become aware of the group . he start walk towards they . you do not tell I you be a thief . spud hey , go easy , lady . the boy 's get a habit to support . sick boy opium do not just grow on tree , you know . a few more item fall from Renton 's jacket as the store detective close in . Renton look at Diane . --------- ext . STREET . day Renton and spud be run , pursue by the two store detective . renton ( v.o ) nor do I . we only response be to keep on go and fuck everything . pile misery upon misery , heap it up on a spoon and dissolve it with a drop of bile , then squirt it into a stinking purulent vein and do it all over again . keep on go : get up , go out , robbing , steal , fuck people over , propelling ourselves with long towards the day it would all go wrong . as see in the open scene , Renton be nearly hit by a car that screech to a halt as he cross a road . he look at the driver , at spud run away and the store detective approach . ( v.o ) because no matter how much you stash or how much you steal , you never have enough . no matter how often you go out and rob and fuck people over you always need to get up and do it all again . Renton smile and wait . ( v.o ) sooner or later , this sort of thing be bound to happen . one of the detective run straight past he , after spud . the other detective crash into Renton with a mighty punch in the stomach . int . court . day spud and Renton stand in the dock . Renton 's mother and Father , sick Boy , begbie , and spud 's mother ( Mrs. Murphy ) be among that in the gallery . the sheriff deliver he sentence . sheriff ... because shoplift be theft , which be a crime , and , despite what you may believe , there be no such entity as victimless crime . heroin addiction may explain you action , but it do not excuse they . Mr Murphy , you be a habitual thief , devoid of regret or remorse . in sentencing you to six month ' imprisonment my only worry be that it will not be long before we meet again . Mr Renton , I understand that you have enter into a programme of rehabilation in a attempt to wean yourself away from heroin . the suspension of you sentence be conditional upon you continue cooperation with this programme . should you stand guilty before I again , I shall not hesitate to impose a custodial sentence . renton thank you , you honour . with God 's help , I will conquer this affliction . the sheriff and Renton stare at one another for a moment . Renton turn to look at spud , then back towards the sheriff , who be now leave the court . ( v.o ) what can you say ? well , begbie have a phrase for it . int . pub i. day the pub be crowded . around Renton be he mother , Father , begbie , sick Boy and gav. begbie it be fuck obvious that that cunt be go to fuck some cunt . there be a round to nodd and ' poor spud . everyone begin to talk at once . father I hope you have learn you lesson , son . mother oh , my son , I think I be go to lose you there . you be nothing but trouble to I , but I still love you . begbie clean up you act , sunshine . cut that shite out for ever . mother you listen to Francis , Mark , he 's talk sense . begbie Fucking right I be . see , inside , you would not last two fuck day . sick boy there 's better thing that the needle , rent . choose life . he wink . mother I remember when you be a baby , even when you would never do what you be tell . begbie but he pull it off , clever bastard , and he get a result . they laugh , then fall silent . Renton turn around . behind he stand spud 's mother . renton Mrs Murphy , I be sorry about spud . it 's be not fair , he go down and not I -- tear in she eye , Mrs Murphy turn and walk away . Renton watch she go . behind he begbie shout . begbie it 's no we fault . you boy go down because he be fuck smack -head and if that 's not you fault , I do not know what be . begbie turn back to Renton . right . I will get the drink in . he move towards the bar . Renton slip away . Renton walk through the bar towards the toilet , then out of a back door . ext . yard . day Renton emerge into a narrow yard surround by a high wall . he look around . the steel back gate be lock . renton ( v.o ) I wish I have go down instead of spud . here I be surround by my family and my so-called mate and I have never feel so alone , never in all my puff . since I be on remand they have have I on this programme , the state-sponsor addiction , three sickly sweet dose of methadone a day instead of smack . but it 's never enough , and at the moment it 's nowhere near enough . I take all three this morning and now I have get eighteen hour to go till my next shot and a sweat on my back like a layer of frost . I need to visit the mother superior for one hit , one fuck hit to get we over this long , hard day . Renton climb the wall . he stand on top , then dive off the other side , execute a somersault in mid-air . int . swanney' flat . night swanney be cooking up . Renton land on the floor behind he like a gymnast . renton what 's on the menu this evening ? swanney you favourite dish . renton excellent . swanney you usual table , sir ? renton why , thank you . Renton sit on he usual cushion on the floor . swanney and would sir care to settle he bill in advance ? renton stick it on my tab . swanney regret to inform , sir , that you credit limit be reach and breach a long time ago . renton in that case -- he produce twenty pound . swanney oh , hard currency , why , sir , that will do nicely . he swipe the note underneath a UV forgery checker . can not be too careful when we be deal with you type , can we ? Renton begin he search for a vein . would sir care for a starter ? some garlic bread perhaps ? renton no , thank you . I will proceed directly to the intravenous injection of hard drug , please . swanney as you wish . he hand Renton the syringe . Renton inject , then lie back on the dirty , red , carpete floor . he lie completely still . his pupil shrink . his breathe become slow , shallow and intermittent . he sink into the floor until he be lie in a coffin-shape and coffin-size pit , line by the red carpet . swanney stand over he . swanney perhaps sir would like I to call for a taxi ? a ambulance siren become faintly audible . int . swanney' stairwell . night the siren be a little louder . swanney hold Renton under he arm and drag he backwards down the step . ext . STREET . night as swanney emerge , still drag Renton , the siren grow louder and then a ambulance speed by without stop . swanney drag Renton across the pavement and into the open door of a wait taxi . swanney then step out of the taxi 's other door , pause only to tuck a ten-pound note into Renton 's pocket before close the door . int . taxi . night Renton lie on the floor of the taxi , as swanney leave he , roll slightly as the taxi take a corner . ext . hospital / taxi . night the taxi be stationary . we do not see the driver 's face but he hand open the door and then drag Renton out on to the pavement by he ankle before take the ten pound note , get back in the cab and drive away . Renton lie on the pavement . two porter life he by arm and ankle on to a trolley . we do not see the porter 's face as they wheel Renton into the hospital . int . hospital accident and emergency department . night Renton be wheeled through the department , then into a bay surround by a white nylon curtain . int . trolley BAY . night the porter lift Renton from one trolley on to another , then leave he alone in the bay surround by the curtain . Renton lie alone . his breathe be still shallow and erratic . around he be the usual accident and emergency paraphernalia : blood pressure machine , oxygen tap , bandage , etc . a Doctor come in and give Renton a injection , then leave . doctor wake up . wake up . Renton breathes more easily . --------- the two porter return with another trolley . they lift Renton roughly on to it and wheel he away . int . hospital corridor . night the porter wheel Renton along . int . ward . night the porter lift Renton off the trolley and dump he on the bed . a nurse stick a thermometer in he mouth . int . ward . day Renton 's Father and mother lift Renton , now fully conscious , off the bed and dump he in a wheelchair . int . hospital corridor . day mother walk ahead . behind she , Father push Renton in the wheelchair . --------- int . taxi . day mother and Father sit on either side of Renton . int . rentone bedroom . day Father shove Renton on to the bed , then walk out past mother , who look at Renton for a moment before close the door . int . other side of rentone bedroom door . day Renton 's Father 's hand slide three bolt across to lock the door . int . rentone bedroom . day Renton lie on the bed . renton ( v.o ) I do not feel the sickness yet , but it 's in the post , that 's for sure . I be in the junky limbo at the moment , too ill to sleep , too tired to stay awake , but the sickness be on its way . sweat , chill , nausea , pain and craving . need like nothing else I have ever know will soon take hold of I . it 's on the way . the door open . Renton 's mother walk in with a bowl of soup and a piece of bread . Father watch from the doorway . mother we will help you , son . you will stay with we until you get better . we will beat this together . renton maybe I could go back to the clinic . mother no . no clinic , no methadone . that make you worse , you say so yourself . you lie to we , son , you own mother and father . renton at least get we some tempazepam . mother no , you be worse come off that than you be with heroin . nothing at all . father it 's a clean break this time . mother you be stay where we can keep a eye on you . renton I do appreciate what you be try to do , I really do , but I need just one score , to ease myself off it . just one . just one . mother retreat past Father , who close the door . the bolt go home again . Renton lie back and close he eye . his forehead be damp with sweat . he begin to shake . he toss and turn , become wrap up in a swathe of blanket . as he unravel they , he be astonished to find a fully clothed begbie in the bed with he . begbie well , this be a good laugh , you fuck useless bastard . go on , sweat that shite out of you system , because if I come back and it 's still there , I will fuck kick it out . begbie laugh and cover himself up . Renton rip away the blanket , but begbie have go . Renton look up . baby Dawn be crawl across the ceiling . Renton look down to see Diane sit on the end of the bed . Diane sing ' temptation ' by New order . diane ' oh , you have get green eye , oh , you have get red eye , and I have never meet anyone quite like you before . ' Renton look back up . Dawn continue she slow crawl , leave behind a thick rail of unidentifiable slime . Renton look down . sick Boy sit on the end of the bed , hold a cup of tea and a chocolate biscuit . mother stand behind he . sick boy it 's a mug 's game , Mrs Renton . I be not say I be blameless myself , far from it , but there come a time when you have to turn you back on that nonsense and just say no . sick Boy take a bit of he biscuit . Dawn crawl on . she have fang now . spud sit on the end of the bed , in a caricature prison uniform with arrow on it , plus a ball and chain . Dawn have claw as well . Tommy sit on the end of the bed . he look terrible . tommy better than sex , rent , better than sex . the ultimate hit . I be a fuck adult . I will find out for myself . well , I have find out all right . Renton look up again just as the baby drop on to he face . he tear she off and throw she into a corner . Renton 's mother and Father be wash he . mother bend down and pick up the large , damp sponge from the corner , where it land . she wipe she son 's face with it . father Mark , there 's something you need to do . --------- int . consulting room . day a Doctor stand up as Renton enter . doctor come in . sit down , please . they both sit down . well , you have already speak to one of we counsellor , but before we go on there be just a few question I would like to ask you . --------- int . renton family home , live -room . day Renton , he mother and Father sit watch television . int . studio . day Renton be sit inside a plastic booth shape like a giant syringe . the Doctor , now dress as a game - show host , stand in front , with Renton 's mother and Father beside he . doctor question number one : the human immunodeficiency virus be a - what ? father retrovirus ? doctor retrovirus be the correct answer . fanfare . question number two : HIV bind to which receptor on the host lymphocyte ? which receptor ? mother and Father confer . father cd4 . doctor cd4 receptor be the correct answer . fanfare . and now , question number three : be he guilty or not guilty ? mother he 's we son . doctor be the correct answer . fanfare . and now it 's time to ' take the test '. light flash . Music . a garish hostess walk on with two envelope . she hold they out for mother to choose one . int . consulting room . day the Doctor watch in silence as the hostess , now dress as a medical technician , draw blood from Renton 's arm and put it into a tube . she mark the tube with a pre-print , numbered label . int . studio . day mother open one of the envelope . she be speechless with joy . the plastic booth open up . light flash again , etc . Renton step out . int . social club . night Renton , he mother and Father sit at a table in the local social club . it be a Saturday night and the club be busy . everyone sit in rapt silence . it be not initially clear what be go on . near the bar a caller with a microphone call over the PA - two and four , twenty -four ...seven ... fifteen ... clickety-click , sixty -six - and so on , as he draw the number from the drum . everyone study they card , except Renton , who study the people instead , he drink untouched . the number-calling continue until suddenly interrupt by mother 's voice . mother Mark ... Mark , you have get a house . House ! House ! for goodness 's sake , Mark . they bustle around he and pass he card to the front . renton ( v.o ) it seem , however , that I really be the luckiest guy in the world . several year of addiction right in the middle of a epidemic , surround by the live dead , but not I -- I be negative . it 's official . and once the pain go away , that 's when the real battle start . Depression . boredom . you feel so fuck low , you will want to fuck top yourself . his mother count a wad of money in front of he . ext . housing estate . day on the door of a flat ' plaguer ' , ' HIV ' , and ' junky aids scum ' be daube on the wall . the sound of a ball be regularly bounce against a wall can be hear . int . tommy' flat . night it be poorly furnish . Tommy be seat . Renton have the football , which he kick against the wall and catch , then drop and kick again , and so on . the ball be slightly flat . renton be you get out much ? tommy no . renton follow the game at all ? tommy no . renton no. I neither . Renton drop the ball . it roll to a halt in the corner . he sit down . tommy you take the test ? renton aye . tommy clear ? renton aye . tommy that 's nice . renton I be sorry , Tommy . tommy have you get any gear on you ? renton no , I be clean . tommy well , sub we , then , mate . I be expect a rent cheque . Renton produce some of he bingo win . as he hand the note over , they eye and hand meet for a moment . Tommy put the money away . tommy ( continue ) thanks , Mark . renton no problem . ( v.o ) no problem -- easy to say when its some other poor cunt with shite for blood . --------- int . hospital . night Renton walk along a corridor and into a ward . int . ward . day sheet cover the lower half of swanney in bed . they be throw back to reveal the stump of a above - knee amputation . swanney surprise ! pa-pah ! Renton sit down and take it in silence . hit the artery by mistake . common enough error , or so the quack tell we , as though that 's go to make my leg grow back . still , it could have be worse , it could have be my fuck dick . and I tell you what , in this place you get look after : clean sheet , regular meal and all the morphine you can eat . renton great . swanney and see when I get out of here . I have get plan . go to get myself straighten out and head off to Thailand , where woman really know how to treat a guy . see , out there you can live like a king if you have get white skin and a few crisp tenner in you pocket . no fuck problem . renton sure . swanney the strategy be this : get clean , get mobile , get into deal , and this time next year I will be watch the rise sun with a posse of oriental buttock park on my coupon . renton sound great , swanney . swanney yeah . renton you will have to send we a postcard . swanney sure will , pal , sure will . ext . park . day Renton and sick Boy be seat in they fire patch , sit on plastic bag with beer , vodka , hash and the cassette player . the airgun be present as before , but they be not make any use of it . sick boy eughh . sound horrible . renton it be not that bad . sick boy do he -- you know ? renton what ? sick boy you know . renton no , he do not make I touch it . sick boy oh no , do not even mention it . renton he make I lick it . sick boy God , you be sick . renton and I get a stitch stick between my tooth , jerk my head back and the whole fuck stump fall off . sick boy cut it out . renton when be you go to visit he ? sick boy do not know . maybe Thursday . renton you be a real mate . and what about Tommy ? have you be to see he yet ? sick Boy be silent . he stiffen as he avoid Renton 's gaze . they shift fractionally apart . renton tut . sick boy fuck you . ok , so Tommy 's get the virus . bad news , big deal . the gig go on , or have not you notice ? swanney fuck he leg up . well , tough shit , but it could have be worse . renton you be all hear . sick boy I know a couple of addict . stupid wee lassy . I feed they what they need . a little bit of skag to keep they happy while the punter line up at a fiver a skull . it 's easy money for I . not exactly a fortune , but I be think , ' I should be coin it here . ' less whore , more skag . swanney 's right . get clean , get into deal , that 's where the future lie . set up some contact , get a good load of skag , punt it , profit . what do you think ? renton fuck you . sick boy and I will tell you why . because I be feed up to my back tooth with loser , no-hoper , draftpack , schemies , junky and the like . I be get on with life . what be you do ? --------- int . rentone bedsit . night Renton sit alone on the bed , make a joint and read a book . there be a knock at the door . Renton answer the door . renton what do you want ? diane be you clean ? renton yes . diane be that a promise , then ? renton yes , as a matter of fact , it be . diane calm down , I be just ask . be that hash I can smell ? renton no . diane I would not mind a bit , if it be . renton well , it be not . diane smell like it . renton you be too young . diane too young for what ? Renton look in each direction along the empty passageway . int . rentone bedsit . night Renton and Diane be lie in the bed . Diane , wear one of Renton 's t-shirt , be roll a mega-joint , quite unaware of the scrutiny of Renton . diane you be not get any young , Mark . the world be change , music be change , even drug be change . you can not stay in here all day dream about heroin and Ziggy pop . renton it 's iggy pop . diane whatever . I mean , the guy 's dead anyway . renton iggy pop be not dead . he tour last year . Tommy go to see he . diane the point be , you have get to find something new . Diane complete the joint . renton ( v.o ) she be right . I have to find something new . there be only one thing for it . ext . london . day as contemporary retake of all that ' swing London ' montage : Red routemaster / trafalgar Square / Big Ben / royalty / City gent in suit / chelsea lady / fashion victim / Piccadilly Circus at night . incut with close - up of classic street name on a street map ( all the one make famous by Monopoly . int . estate agent office . day the montage end on one street , then draw back to reveal the whole map of London pin to a wall . a man hold a telephone walk in front of the mape and belch loudly . revealing more , he be in a scruffy , cramped office with half a dozen occupy desk and twice as many telephone . seat at the one nearest to the belching man be Renton . he be wear a shirt and tie now . he turn in response to the belch . man can you take this call ? Renton take the telephone and reach for a piece of paper from which he read . renton hello , yes , certainly . it 's a beautifully convert victorian town house . ideally locate in a quiet road near to local shop and transport . Renton check he watch . ext . the ai in NORTH london . day Renton stand wait beside this busy London road , outside some very unfortunate housing , as the traffic stream past . renton ( v.o ) two bedroom and a kitchen / diner . fully fitte in excellent decorative order . lot of storage space . all mod con . Three hundred and twenty pound per week . a couple approach . Renton unlock the door of a flat and hold the door open while he usher they in . int . london flat . day Renton show the couple round a typical London flat nightmare . a poor conversion , poor decor , everything small and ill-fitting . the window rattle as the traffic roar by . renton ( v.o ) I settle in not too badly and I keep myself to myself . sometimes , of course , I think about the guy , but mainly I do not miss they at all . after all , this be boom town where any fool could make cash from chaos and plenty do . I quite enjoy the sound of it all . profit , loss , margin , takeover , lend , let , subletting , subdivide , cheating , scamm , fragment , break away . there be no such thing as society and even if there be , I most certainly have nothing to do with it . for the first time in my adult life I be almost content . int . london bedsit . night Renton finish eat a pot noodle . he put it down and pick up a letter . he lie back and read . intercut with : int . schoolroom . day a class be in progress . a teacher lecture to a mix class , but Diane be not listen as she be write . ext . school . day Diane be leave the school when sick Boy catch up with she . they stop and then she walk away . ext . park . day Diane walk along a concrete path . as she do so she have to step over spud , who lie asleep / unconscious beside the remain of a carry out . diane ( v.o ) dear Mark , I be glad you have find a job and somewhere to live . School be fine at the moment . I be not pregnant but thanks for ask . you friend sick Boy ask I last week if I would like to work for he but I tell he where to go . I meet spud , who send he regards , or at least I think that 's what he say . no one have see Tommy for age . and finally , fracis begbie have be on television a lot this week . -- int . london bedsit . night Renton turn the page . diane ( v.o ) as he be want by the police in connection with a armed robbery in a jeweller 's in corstorphine . take care . your with love , Diane . there be a buzz at the door . Renton re-examine the letter . there be another buzz . renton oh no . int . hallway outside bedsit . night Renton open the door to a unseen figure . it be begbie . int . bedsit . night Renton sit on the bed . begbie stand over he , point a gun at he head . he pull the trigger . it click harmlessly . begbie armed robbery ? with a replica ? how can it be armed robbery ? it 's a fuck scandal . he ' fire ' the gun a few more time at he own head , then chuck it to the floor . and the haul . look . he dig a few ring out of he pocket and throw they to Renton . solid silver , my arse . I take it to a fence -- it 's trash , pure trash . there 's young couple invest all they hope in that stuff , and what be they get ? renton it 's a scandal , franco . begbie too right it be . now look , have you get anything to eat , ' cos I be fuck Lee marvin , by the way . int . bedsit . day begbie be sit on the bed in he underwear , eat cereal while watch television . a small carry - out be nearby . Renton finish dress for work . he pause at the open door , look back towards he guest . renton ( v.o ) begbie settle in in no time at all . begbie open a can of beer . Renton close the door . int . hallway outside bedsit . day Renton close he door . he be about to walk away when he hear begbie shouting . begbie ( from the bedsit ) rent , rent , come fuck back here . Renton open the door . begbie be hold out a empty packet of cigarettes . look . renton what ? begbie I have no fuck cigarettes . begbie throw the packet down to the floor . it land near the door . he have turn back to the television and take a swig of beer . renton right . Renton close the door again . int . bedsit . night Renton and begbie lie in the single bed with they head at opposite end . begbie snore . Renton be wide awake , with a pair of smelly - sock foot only inch from he nose . renton ( v.o ) yeah , the guy 's a psycho , but it 's true , he 's a mate as well , so what can you do ? int . london bedsit . day where the first empty packet of cigarettes fall to the floor there be now a large heap of empty packet : the product of week at sixty a day . another one land on the pile . begbie , still in he underwear , still can in hand , sit watchig the racing as before . behind he , cigarettes and alcohol be stack up like a miniature duty - free warehouse . Renton sit behind he , read a book . begbie hey , I be want a bet put on . renton can you not go yourself . begbie I be a fugitive from the law . I can not be see on the fuck street . now watch my lip . kempton Park . two-thirty . five pound to win . bad Boy . int . hallway outside bedsit . day the door open , Renton walk out , the door close and Renton walk away . a wild , frightening scream erupt from beyond the door . int . london bedsit . day begbie , alone in the bedsit , be scream a cry of primal joy . renton ( v.o ) bad bot come in at 16 to 1 . and with the winning , we go out to celebrate . int . london party . night to loud music and strobing , fracture light , surround by dry ice , begbie dance near a tall woman . other people dance nearby . begbie give the thumb up to Renton , who sit on a stool at one side drink from a bottle of beer . begbie and the woman walk away . Renton look around the club at the various man and woman . renton ( v.o ) Diane be right . the world be change , music be changin , drug be change , even man and woman be change . one thousand year from now there will be no guy and no girl , just wanker . sound great to I . it 's just a pity that no one tell begbie . ext . STREET . night a car sit in a street near the club , window steam up . int . car . night begbie and the woman embrace passionately . the woman undoe begbie 's trousers . int . party . night Renton 's gaze continue to wander around . renton ( v.o ) you see , if you ask I , we be heterosexual by default , not be decision . it 's just a question of who you fancy . int . car . night begbie and the woman continue they embrace as she unbutton he shirt . renton ( v.o ) it 's all about aesthetics and it 's fuck all to do with morality . suddenly bedbie freeze . he be hold the ' woman 's ' groin . there be something there that should not be . begbie go crazy , simultaneously try to put he clothes back on , hit the woman and get out of the car . ext . STREET . night begbie stumble away from the car , pull up he trousers as he go . renton ( v.o ) but you try tell begbie that . int . bedsit . night begbie sit on the bed . Renton be sit on the floor watch . begbie I be no a fuck buftie and that 's the end of it . renton let 's face it , it could have be wonderful . begbie leap off the bed , grab Renton and head - butt he , then hold he by the lapel . begbie now , listen to I , you little piece of junky shit . a joke 's a fuck joke , but you mention that again and I will cut you up . understand ? begbie produce he knife . there be a knock on the door . they do not move . there be another knock . int . bedsit . night begbie lie sleep on the bed . there be now two set of foot by he head , one on each side . at the other end lie Renton ( awake ) and sick Boy ( asleep ) . renton ( v.o ) since I last see he , sick Boy have reinvent himself as a pimp and a pusher and be here to mix business and pleasure , set up ' contact ' , as he constantly inform I , for the great skag deal that be one day go to make he rich . ---------- int . estate agent office . day Renton sit at he desk , haggard and tired . other people bustle around he . telephone ring , etc ... in the background the man ( who belched ) be try to promote a flat down the telephone . man beautifully convert victorian town house . ideally locate in a quiet road near to local shop and transport . two bedroom and a kitchen / diner . fully fitte in excellent decorative order . lot of storage space . all mod con . Three hundred and twenty pound a week . ---------- int . bedsit . night Renton ( still dress for work ) , begbie and sick Boy sit in a line on the bed with fish supper laid out on they lap , but Renton 's be untouched . sick boy good chip . renton I can not believe you do that . sick boy I get a good price for it . rent , I need the money . renton it be my fuck television . sick boy well , Christ , if I would know you be go to get so humpty about it , I would not have bother . be you go to eat that ? he take Renton 's fish supper and add it to he own . have you get a passport ? renton why ? sick boy well , this guy I have meet run a hotel . brother . load of contact . do a nice little sideline in punting british passport to foreigner . get you a good price . renton why would I want to sell my passport ? sick boy it be just a idea . int . left luggage room . day Renton drop he passport into a envelope and throw the envelope into a locker . he turn the key and pocket it . renton ( v.o ) I have to get rid of they . sick Boy do not do he drug deal and he do not get rich . instead , he and begbie just hang around my bedsit look for thing to steal . I decide to put they in the worst place in the world . ext . busy london road . day traffic flood past as before . int . london flat . day Inside the flat that Renton show the couple around . sick Boy and begbie be stand in the hallway . Renton be in the open doorway . he throw they the key and leave . int . london bedsit . night the cramped bedsit be a mess , fill with litter and unwash clothes . Renton lie on he bed , content to be alone . int . london flat . night the flat be in darkness . the door open a figure enter . it be the man from Renton 's office . renton ( v.o ) but , of course , they be not pay any rent , so when my boss find two desperate sucker who would , sick Boy and begbie be bound to feel threaten . man be follow by another couple . he switch on a light . man as you can see , it 's a beautiful conversion . two bedroom , kitchen / diner . fully fitte . lot of storage . all mod con . Three hundred and twenty quid a week . from nowhere , begbie and sick Boy spring out at he . ---------- int . bedsit . day Renton look around the stripped , empty bedsit one last time before close the door as he leave . ---------- renton ( v.o ) and that be that . but by then we have another reason to go back . Tommy . ext . railway . day a intercity train speed by . int . tommy' flat . night a kitten sit on the floor . gav ( v.o ) Tommy know he have the virus , like , but never know he would go full - blow . renton ( v.o ) what be it , pneumonia or cancer ? gav ( v.o ) no , toxoplasmosis . sort of like a stroke . renton ( v.o ) eh ? how 's that ? int . crematorium chapel . day a service be in progress . that present include Renton and gav , who be engage in hushed conversation , begbie , spud , sick Boy , and lizzy . gav he want to see lizzy again . he indicate lizzy . lizzy would not let he near the house . so he bring a present for she , bring she a kitten . renton I bet lizzy tell he where to put it . gav exactly . I be not want a cat , she say . get to fuck , right . so there 's Tommy stick with this kitten . you can imagine what happen . the thing be neglect , pissing and shitting all over the place . Tommy be lie around fuck out of he eyeball on smack or downer . he do not know you could get toxoplasmosis from cat shit . renton I do not either . what the fuck be it ? int . tommy' flat . day the kitten as before . slow track back to reveal more . gav ( v.o ) he start get headache , so he just use more smack , for the pain , like . there he have a stroke . a fuck stroke . just like that . God home from hospital and die about three week later . be dead for age before the neighbour complain about the smell and the police break the door down . Tommy be lie face down in a pool of vomit . the lower half of Tommy 's clothed body be visible . int . crematorium chapel . day the coffin travel away . gav and Renton watch it go . gav the kitten be fine . int . pub i. night gav , Renton , spud , sick Boy , begbie and a few other be gather in the pub , still dress in they funeral garb . ---------- spud every time I think of Tommy I think of Australian , because every time I go round he be just lie there , junked out of he mind , watch aussie soap . until he sell the telly , of course , then he be just lie there . buy every time I think of he , I still think of Australia . ---------- there be a short silence before spud begin softly sing ' two Little boy ' . he finish unaccompany . int . swanney' flat . night spud , begbie , and Renton be seat . sick Boy be hand around bottle of beer before he too sit down . they be all wear they funeral garb . Renton raise he bottle . renton Tommy . they all drink . sick boy do you tell he ? begbie no . on you go . renton what ? sick boy there 's a mate of swanney 's . mikey forrester -- you know the guy . he 's come into some gear . a lot of gear . renton how much ? sick boy about four kilo . so he tell I . get drunk in a pub down by the dock last week , where he meet two Russian sailor . they be fuck carry the stuff . for sale there and then , like . so he wake up the next morning , realize what he 's do and get very fuck nervous . want rid of this . {---------- he 's look for swanney to punt it , but swanney 's nowhere to be see since he lose he leg . ---------- } renton so ? sick boy so he meet I and I offer to take it off he hand at a very reasonable price , with the intention of punting it on myself to a guy I know in London . renton so we have just come from Tommy 's funeral and you be tell I about a skag deal ? begbie yeah . there be silence . renton what be you price ? sick boy four Grand . renton but you do not have the money ? sick boy we be two thousand short . renton that 's tough . sick boy come on , Mark , every cunt know you have be save up down in London . renton sorry , boy , I do not have two thousand pound . begbie yes , you fuck do . I have see you statement . renton Jesus . begbie two thousand , one hundred and thirty - three pound . renton four kilo . that 's what -- ten year ' worth ? Russian sailor ? mikey forrester ? what the fuck be you on this day ? you have be to jail , spud , so what 's the deal -- like it so much you want to go back again ? spud I want the money , Mark , that 's all . begbie if everyone keep they mouth shut , there will be no one go to jail . ---------- ext . STREET . day Renton be visible first , apparently talk to himself , then Diane . renton it 's so simple . we buy it at four grand , we punt it at twenty to this guy that sick Boy know , and he punt it at sixty . everyone 's happy , everyone 's in profit . I put up two . I come away with six . diane unless you get catch . renton so long as everyone keep they mouth shut , we will not be get catch . diane so why have you tell I about it ? renton well , you be not go to tell anyone , be you , and besides , I think we could meet up afterwards , maybe go somewhere together . diane I have get a boyfriend , Mark . renton what ? steady like ? diane that 's right : ' go steady ' for four week now . renton and what age be you ? thirteen ? fourteen ? diane sixteen next month . renton happy birthday . diane what do you think -- I should be carry a torch for you ? Renton think it over . renton so , what 's he like ? diane well , he 's young and he 's healthy . they both laugh . and you be such a deadbeat , Mark . ---------- int . swanney' flat . day heroin be in the process of be prepare for injection : heat , draw up , etc . a arm be prepare for injection : sleeve roll up , tourniquet bound , vein tapped , etc . mikey forrester , sick Boy , spud , and begbie look on . renton ( v.o ) I have not tell anyone everything that be run through my mind about what might happen in London . there be a lot of possibility I do not want to talk to anyone about . idea best keep to myself . what no one tell I be that when we buy the skag , some lucky punter would have to try it out . begbie do not trust spud and sick Boy be too careful this day , so I roll up my sleeve and do what have to be do . Renton inject the heroin into a vein in he arm . renton it 's good , it 's fuck good . ---------- ext . bus station . night Renton walk past a beggar huddle against a wall . the beggar 's sign read : ' falkland veteran . I lost my leg for my country . please help . ' the beggar be swanney . ---------- renton ( v.o ) yes , that hit be good . I promise myself another one before I get to London -- just for old time 's sake , just to piss begbie off . ext . road . night the bus travel towards London . int . bus . night sick Boy dab at amphetamine . spud drink . int . bus toilet . night Renton cook up in the bus toilet . renton ( v.o ) this be to be my final hit . but let 's be clear about this : there 's final hit and final hit . what kind be this to be ? {---------- some final hit be actually terminal one way or another , while other be merely transit point as you travel from station to station on the junky journey through junky life . ---------- } int . bus . night begbie sit grimly . the other be relaxed . renton ( v.o ) this be he nightmare . the dodgiest scam in a lifetime of dodgie scam be perpetrate with three of the most useless and unreliable fuck - up in town . I know what be go on in he mind : any trouble in London and he would dump we immediately , one way or another . he have to . if he get catch with a bagful of skag , on top of that armed robbery shit , he be go down for fifteen to twenty . begbie be hard , but not so hard that he do not shite it off twenty year in saughton . begbie do you bring the card ? sick boy what ? begbie the card . the last thing I say to you be mind the card . sick boy well , I have not bring they . begbie it 's fuck boring after a while without the card . sick boy well , I have not bring they . begbie it 's fuck boring after a while without the card . sick boy I be sorry . begbie bit fuck late , like . sick boy well , why do not you bring they ? begbie because I fuck tell you to do that , you doss cunt . sick boy Christ . ext . london . day the bus travel through London . ext . STREET . day the gang enter a cheap hotel . begbie 's bag contain the heroin . int . HOTEL . day they be meet by andrea , a man in he late thirty of Mediterranean appearance . he shake sick Boy 's hand . andreas this be you friend ? sick boy this be the guy I tell you about . andreas ok . sick boy be he here ? andreas yes , he 's here . I hope you do not get follow or nothing . begbie we do not get follow . andrea lead they along a corridor and into a room . int . HOTEL room . day a exceptional man be wait . andrea leave the room and close the door . the man open both and taste the heroin . he produce a set of kitchen scale from he bag and weigh the two bag . renton ( v.o ) straight away he clocked we from what we be : small - time waster with a accidental big deal . man so what do you want for it ? begbie twenty thousand . man but it 's not worth more than fifteen . begbie ninteen . the man shake he head and light a cigarette . man nineteen I can not offer you , I be sorry . renton ( v.o ) this be a real drag to he . he do not need to negotiate . I mean , what the fuck be we go to do if he do not buy it ? sell it on the street . fuck that . the deal be do . the man hand over the money and wait as it be count , then leave with the drug . ( v.o ) we settle on sixteen thousand pound . he have a lot more in the suitcase , but it be better than nothing . and just for a moment it feel really great , like we be all in it together , like friend , like it mean something . a moment like that , it can touch you deep inside , but it do not last long , not like sixteen thousand pound . int . london pub . day the pub be crowded with afternoon drinker . Renton , spud , sick Boy and begbie sit drink . begbie be still keep a firm hand on the sport bag , which now hold the money . sick boy so what be you plan with you share , spud ? renton buy yourself that island in the sun ? begbie for four fuck grand ? one plam tree , a couple of rock , and a sewage outflow . spud I do not know , maybe I will buy something for my mar , and then buy some good speed , no bicarb like , then get a girl , take she out like , and treat she -- properly . begbie shag she senseless . spud no , I do not mean like that -- I mean something nice , like , that 's all -- begbie you daft cunt . if you be go to waste it like that , you might as well leave it all to I . now get the drink in . sick boy I get a round already . spud I get the last one . renton it 's you round franco . begbie stand up . begbie ok . same again ? sick boy I be off for a pish . when I come back , that money 's still here , ok ? renton the moment you turn you back , we be out that door . sick Boy walk away towards the toilet . sick boy I will be right after you . begbie you will never catch we , you flabby bastard . right , see , when I come back -- renton we will be half - way down the road with the money . begbie I would fuck kill you . renton I guess you would , franco . begbie walk away to the bar . spud and Renton look at each other and the bag of money . be you game for it ? spud look at the bag and around the pub towards the toilet door and begbie . begbie stand at the bar , await the pint . well ? spud be you serious ? Renton look around . renton I do not know . what do you think ? spud say nothing . suddenly they be interrupt . sick boy still here , I see . sick Boy sit down . renton why not ? I know I would . where 's franco ? Renton turn to see begbie make he way through the crowd with the pint helf precariously . as he reach the table a man stand with a group of friend accidentally nudge begbie , cause a pint to spill over he . begbie for fuck 's sake . man sorry , mate , I will get you another . begbie all down my fuck front , you fuck idiot . man look , I be sorry , I do not mean it . begbie sorry 's no go to dry I off , you cunt . renton cool down , franco . the guy 's sorry . begbie not sorry enough for be a fat cunt . man fuck you . if you can not hold a pint , you should not be in the pub , mate . now fuck off . begie drop the remain three pint . as the man look down to the fall glass , begbie punch he in the face and knee he in the groin . a fight break out between the man and begbie . sick Boy rush forward to restrain begbie . Renton sit still , not even look at the fight or what follow . his eye be fix on the bag while he hand fiddle . begbie stab spud in the hand . spud Jesus Christ . sick boy good one , franco . begbie shut you mouth or you will be next . spud you have stab I , man . begbie you be in my way . begbie , blade still in hand , address the entire pub . and anyone in my way get it , fuck get it . everybody hear that ? everybody happy ? nobody say anything . Renton be seat as before , avoid begbie 's gaze . begbie address he . hey , rent-boy , bring we down a smoke . Renton do not move . sick boy we would better go , franco . spud I have get to get to the hospital , man . begbie ( to spud ) you be not go to and fuck hospital . ( to sick Boy ) you be stay there . ( to Renton ) and you bring I a fuck cigarette . Renton swivel and stand up . and the bag . Renton lift the bag and slowly approach begbie . Renton , nervous , hand shaking , pull a packet of cigarettes from a pocket and hold it towards begbie . begbie do not move . Renton hold out the bag . begbie take it . now Renton select a cigarette and hand it over to begbie . begbie inhale deeply and then blow the smoke towards Renton int . HOTEL room . day Renton lie awake , share a bed with sick Boy , who be asleep . spud and begbie lie on the other , both asleep . begbie have a arm drape over the bag , hold it close . Renton get up and go to the small bathroom . he put the light on above the mirror and look at himself . he wash he face and drink a glass of water , then walk back to the bedroom . Renton pull on he jacket and shoe . he stand over begbie , then reach carefully down to life begbie 's arm up . as he do so he realize that spud be watch he . they say nothing . Renton take the bag . begbie stir but do not wake . ---------- Renton look down at spud for a moment before unzipping the bag . he pull out a small wad of cash , which he hand to spud . spud tuck the wad away . ---------- Renton walk to the door and open it . he nod to spud , then disappear . int . locker . day envelope be remove . int . left luggage . day Renton take the passport from the envelope . ext . STREET . day Renton walk away . renton ( v.o ) now , I have justified this to myself in all sort of way : it be not a big deal , just a minor betrayal , or we would outgrown each other , you know , that sort of thing , but let 's face it , I rip they off . my so - call maye . but begbie , I could not give a shit about he , and sick Boy , well , he would have do the same to I if only he would think of it first , and spud , well , ok , I feel sorry for spud -- he never hurt anybody . int . HOTEL . day prostitute , punter , sick Boy and spud line the corridor as two policement walk past towards : int . HOTEL room . day begbie go radge . ext . STREET . day renton ( v.o ) so why do I do it ? I could offer a million answer , all false . the truth be that I be a bad person , but that 's go to change , I be go to change . this be the last of this sort of thing . I be clean up and I be move on , go straight and choose life . I be look forward to it already . I be go to be just like you : the job , the family , the fuck big television , the wash machine , the car , the compact disc and electrical tin opener , good health , low cholesterol , dental insurance , mortgage , starter home , leisurewear , luggage , three - piece suite , diy , game show , junk food , child , walk in the park , nine to five , good at golf , wash the car , choice of sweater , family Christmas , index pension , tax exemption , clear the gutter , get by , look ahead , to the day you die . the end