untitled wally pfister Project written by Jack paglen 5.1.12 a field of white fill the screen . slowly , the white be invade by rivulet of fragment black matter . this graphite - — like material form intricate stream from the top and side of the frame . the network move , build , expands and intertwine until the screen be completely black . in the blackness a reflection slowly fade into view . the reflection be in the black smoke glass of a massive room of computer server . we pan to find ourselves in - int . data CENTER , boston ~ day a endless row of computer server stand lifeless and dark . tlluminate only by a long row of skylight above . there be no power . two man walk through . max water be in he forty . dirty jeans . stain coat . joseph tagger be sixty . ungroom . they take in the dark building , still as a tomb . joseph how be it out there ? have you find anything ? max no. nothing . I hear Tokyo have power . Berlin , too . but they be just rumor . joseph nobody 's connect ? max no. no phone . no internet . no power . nothing . they walk in silence , both lose in think . Max take in the lifeless machine all around they . joseph you know we be rebuild the same system ? Max go silent . they move to the exit , guard by soldier with assault rifle . joseph ( cont 'd ) let I know what you find . Max walk away . Joseph move back into the facility . ext . boston street - day Max walk through the rain ... score of bicyclist be the only traffic ... the stop light be dark ... a pair of marine stand near a break and loot ATM machine ... a group of hungry people wait in line to enter a dark grocery store ... ext . cambridge STREET - day Max walk along the line of lifeless townhouse . the stillness be break by a man use a hand see to cut wood . a woman install a new frame for they breach front door . they stop and watch max. suspicious . they wait for he to pass halfway down the block before get back to work . Max stop in front of a old townhouse . shatter window . the front door be miss . he climb the step and enter - int . looted townhouse ~ day Max take in the abandon home . Water stain . debris . pile mattress suggest squatter have come and go . the floorboard be scavenge for firewood - the char evidence be in the fireplace . in the center of the room be a pile of discard cell phone , laptop , and tablet machine , Max grab one of the phone . he lean against a wall . he slide into a crouch . he turn the phone over in he hand . it 's dead . his breathe quicken as he fight back emotion . he sit there . alone . max I '' sorry . outside , the rain have stop . the day brighten . Max look to the rear of the house . something arrest he attention . he make he way through the 19th century townhouse and - ext . garden - day step into the garden , which be lush and full of life . ivy cover the wall . Flowers of every shape and color . the garden contrast everything we have see of this world . in the corner rest a set of vintage garden furniture . a small table , two chair . Dark , lightly rusted metal . Max stare at the empty seat . Water from the recent rain drip in a percussion . as it do - 3 . a calmness come over Max . his attention settles on a leaf of ivy , where moisture collect into a bead of water . he study the shimmer drop of liquid . as he stare , something new emerge in he eye ... recognition . CUT to black : title card : ten year earlier . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - day a aerial view of the Capitol ... move south east toward the anacostia River ... int . eastern market / bakery ~ day the cake be a work of art . bree , the tattooe baker , box it up with latex glove . she give it to the customer , lance , a white - collar professional . i/e. lance's car / WASHINGTON D.C. - day lance glance at the cake next to he . he drive by the capitol build ... through a wooded area ... make a hide turn . he hand a id card to a guard hold a assault rifle . a second guard search the car 's undercarriage with a mirror . they wave he to a anonymous office build . int . office build - day lance pass the cake through a x-ray machine and move through metal detector . guard scrutinize he . lance set a palm on a scanner and position for a iris scan . int . elevator — day button indicate three floor . lance wave he id at a sensor . the elevator descend . bl. b2 . b3 . b4 . bs. stop . int . underground lab / server room - day lance carry the cake past endless row of computer server . ini . underground lab / terminal room - day joseph tagger write code at a computer terminal . behind he , ten other team member work at similar station . Joseph , wear ear plug , can not hear anything . someone clap Joseph on the back . Joseph turn and find - lance , hold the cake , cover in candle . Joseph blow out the candle ... the team eat cake ... Joseph slide he piece next to he seat , forget it as he get back to work . lance watch he colleague eat . he set he untouched piece down and slip away from the group . Joseph , work , itches at he ear plug . as he pull it out , we hear the ambient whir of computer server . his chair creak as he swivel to face the room , where he find ... all the other team member be dead . ext . cal tech ~ night we tilt down past a large cloud of black smoke to a burning university building . emergency equipment surround it . int . cal tech lab - night firefighter race into a inferno . body lay on the floor . computer hardware melt in the heat . burning gasoline spell out : slave . int . chicago computer laboratory - night move slowly through a massive room of super computer tower , we reach a section where several tower have be overturn . one have crush the head of a scientist . in the blood someone write : slave . i/e. princeton university / server room — dawn a professor hang , strangle by the cable bind she to server . someone carve slave into the wall . anderson , a veteran FBI special agent , leave the forensic team to do they work ... outside , he join Joseph tagger . anderson another computer scientist . Sarah Daniels . joseph I use to work with she . i/e . will and evelyn 's townhouse / garden — day as we move through the 19th century townhouse , we recognize it as the same house Max visit earlier , but now we find - will caster make coffee . mid-thirty . he grab two mug in one hand , the coffee pot in the other , and use a knee to open the back door . we follow he into the garden . it 's not much to look at . clutch of weed spatter on dry dirt . it do not matter , he only have eye for - evelyn caster tap on she laptop at the garden table . she 's a thirty - year - old genius . she smile at will and the - evelyn coffeeeeeeece ... will hand she a mug . she cradle it . elixir of the god . the sight make he day . he kiss the top of she head . will so whaddya think ? you come today ? you do not have to - evelyn be you kid ? Front row - will just do not want to subject you to it , you know ? I feel like they have hear it all - evelyn they hang on you every word . will 's cell ring . he pull it out . will hello ? hello ?.. hello ? she gesture to the far side of the garden . will move there . will ( cont ’d ) hello ?... { to Evelyn ) Dead zone . evelyn what about block Island instead of the cape ? will I love block Island . when ? evelyn next weekend ? will make - up class . midweek ? evelyn Teaching . she look up at he , stand there , sip coffee . evelyn ( cont ‘d ) you be a sexy professor . I have to be at you lecture . protect you from the cute coed . we be never go on vacation be we ? will we should wait until summer so we can put the rest of it out of we mind . no phone , charger , wiki - tweet - face-link - shit , no student . he wrap he arm around she , put he cheek close to she ear , and whisper - will ( cont ’d ) by the way , there be no cute coed in the computer science department . she lift she arm and hold he head against hers . they stay there , close . the day be bright . ext . massachusett institute of technology - day bree ( the baker ) and lance , carry a kit bag , join a press of student enter a auditorium . int . MIT lecture hall ~ day Max Waters address the pack house . he 's lean . tailore . max my name be Max Waters . I be a neurosurgeon and teach at the Harvard - MIT division of Health Sciences and Technology . lance slip through the door as student settle in . max ( cont 'd ) I have be friend with today 's speaker since we be roommate freshman year . and while we disagree on ... pretty much everything ... Evelyn , in the front row , share a grin with Max . lance head up a set of stair . max ( cont 'd ) he 's a brilliant visionary , devote teacher , and a dear friend . please welcome the head of MIT 's Computer Science and artificial Intelligence Lab - Professor will caster . Max lead the applause as will take the stage . as he speak , a multimedia presentation help visualize he idea . will Computer intelligence double roughly every year . human intelligence be limited by evolution and have remain static for hundred of thousand of year . acoustic panel line the ceiling . lance , in the crawl space above one , open he kit bag . will ( cont ‘d ) one day computer intelligence will surpass that of a human . this moment , the birth of a great — than — human technological intelligence , be what we call the singularity . Max , listen in the wing , glance at Evelyn . Evelyn watch will . he be everything to she . will ( cont 'd ) this artificial intelligence will not be limited by biological evolution . it will evolve itself at a exponential pace . lance finish assemble a rifle . will ( cont 'd ) if this be come online with the intelligence of two man , ina little more than a year it could have the intellect of four . then 16 . in seven year it could be as intelligent as 4.2 billion . by the end of the decade it would be more intelligent than everyone bear in the history of the world . lance open a lead BOX contain a single bullet . he use a pair of plier to load it into the rifle . will ( cont 'd ) imagine . all the intelligence of everyone ever bear in one entity . lance find will in the cross -hair . will pace , force lance to inch closer to the edge of the acoustic panel . will ( cont 'd ) a partnership with a strong ai will help we unlock the secret of the universe . it will help we heal we environment . it may even allow we overcome the great threat to biological life ... death . Max glance at the audience . freezes . he spot the rifle barrel protrude from the acoustic panel . will ( cont 'd ) a self -aware , self - evolve intelligence will improve we life in way we can not even imagine ... Max rush onto the stage - lance pull the trigger - the gunshot ring out - as Max tackle he , will 's shoulder pop with the bullet - everyone freeze ... lance grimace at he faulty shot . bree , in the rear of the auditorium , sit absolutely still . someone scream . chaos break out . will grab he bleed shoulder . Max drag he offstage . Evelyn scramble to they . in the auditorium : lance be go . bree be go . ext . massachusett institute of technology - day terrified student stampede out of the building . lance and bree , with backpack and feign panic , escape with they . int . hospital room - day will , bandage , contemplate a glass vial contain the bullet . Evelyn kiss he . will look in she eye to make sure she know - will I be fine . she 's not convinced . Max review the medical chart . max everything look good . they be release you into my care , that mean I be you doctor . you have to do what I say . no work . will grab he smart phone . start thumbing it . i/e. MIT / stata CENTER - day Joseph , flanke by anderson and other feds , move into the building . they pass room of computer research : robotics , system hardware , and theoretical algorithm . Evelyn , Max and will ( arm bandage and in a sling ) speak to police detective . Joseph 's man take the cop aside , evelyn Joseph ? she embrace he . warm . joseph be there somewhere we can talk ? int . will 's office - day a large , chaotic workspace . Joseph pass gruesome crime photo of the recent attack to will , Evelyn and Max . joseph over the past 48 hour there 's be a highly coordinate string of attack . a bomb at caltech kill norman causewell . ( more ) 10 . joseph ( cont 'd ) Dr. Daniels at Princeton be kill . Mike lacy at the University of Chicago . Evelyn cover she mouth in shock . will we know this people ... joseph there be other , all - max in artificial intelligence ? Joseph nod . will , Evelyn and Max process the information . max ( cont ‘d ) you be work with the FBI ? joseph they have bring I on as a advisor . because of my background . and because I know one of the suspect . my project at the Department of Defense be the first attack . two day ago a colleague ... Joseph hold up a id card photo of lance , all smile . joseph ( cont 'd ) bring a birthday cake into the lab . it be lace with dioxin . within a hour my team be dead ... they be good people . evelyn I be so sorry . joseph he 's part of a larger group . they call themselves the rift . have you ever hear of they ? will , Evelyn and Max shake they head . Joseph set down a document title : revolutionary independence from technology . joseph ( cont ’d ) all we have be they manifesto . it appear on a public server in Amsterdam . we can not trace it beyond that . Max pick up the manifesto . Joseph sum it up with - — 11 . joseph ( cont ’d ) they believe the singularity be about to happen . they be convinced it would be a apocalyptic event . Joseph take the three of they in . joseph ( cont 'd ) I could count on my hand the people in this country who might be able to wake up a strong ai . myself , the three of you and ... the six other be dead . Joseph make eye contact , make sure they understand - joseph ( cont 'd ) you be all in very great danger . Joseph watch they . as the news settles , he lean in - joseph ( cont 'd ) can I meet you machine ? int . project pinn , MAIN lab - day a line of state - of - the-art , custom - build tower make the supercomputer call pinn . throughout the laboratory , flat - screen map pinn 's network . Joseph step toward the machine . pinn you work in self - evolve algorithm inspire a great deal of my functionality , Dr. tagger . joseph that 's encourage . tell I a little about yourself . pinn I be pinn . a physically independent neural Network , invent by - joseph that 's great . can you prove that you be self - aware ? pinn that 's a difficult challenge . can you prove that you be ? Joseph blink at pinn for a second . he glance at will . 12 . joseph it have you sense of humor . will , a little pale , smile . Evelyn open one of pinn 's processing tower . it 's not like anything you have see . the modular core be grey and crystalline , encase in a transparent shell . Joseph beam with pride at will , Evelyn and Max . joseph ( cont ’d ) look at what you have do . this be amazing . Evelyn be all of sixteen when I first teach you . evelyn it 's not self - aware , but it 's learn . will we will get there . Max continue a decade- long debate with - max we can not program a machine to be self - aware because we have no idea how we own consciousness work . will 's about to argue , but Evelyn shoot he a look . will , look feverish , choose uncomfortable diplomacy with - will we agree to disagree . max we agree we would be satisfied with pinn nos medical application . Evelyn and Joseph share a glance . they be both familiar with Max and will 's rival posture . Joseph turn to Max . joseph Mike lacy think he find a way around the self - awareness question ... they kill he before he could publish . Max , doubtful , glance at will - who look increasingly ill . max you okay ? 13 . will yeah . a little nausea . max it could be the shock . you could be come down with the flu . either way , you be go home to rest . ext . will and evelyn' garden — day will flip through document . Evelyn tap the keyboard on she laptop . it 's not respond . will this be interesting . evelyn what ? will Mike lacy be work on - Evelyn swat she keyboard in frustration . will ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? evelyn I just have to reboot . Evelyn reset she machine . wait for she computer , she glance at will . he 's ashen , sheen in sweat , and tremble . evelyn ( cont 'd ) want to lay down for a while ? will give a weak nod . int , will and evelyn 's bedroom / bathroom - night Evelyn wake up to a empty bed . at the sound of retching , she move to the light of the bathroom door . Inside , will vomit . he look at she , scared , and vomit again . she put a soothing hand on he . he keep retching . int . hospital room — day will , very sick , lay in bed . Evelyn stroke he hair . Max review the lab report with doctor strauss . 14 . doctor strauss negative for dioxin . negative for anthrax . negative for - max why be he white blood cell count under three thousand ? Evelyn find will 's hair be fall out in large patch . evelyn Max . she show they the symptom . Max go pale . max no , god. please no . int . hospital room - day a tech examine will with a radiation survey meter . it crackle . will close he eye against the death sentence . int . hospital room / hospital hallway - day Max , with somber simplicity , share the result with will . max the bullet deliver a large dose of polonium . it enter you blood stream and ... it disperse through you entire body ... Max 's professionalism break . he try to recover it . max ( cont 'd ) you have severe radiation poisoning ... it 's , um , it 's really bad ... I mean , we will try everything but this be a lethal dose ... this be not a patient . this be he best friend . max ( cont 'd ) you have four , maybe five week ... will look through a glass partition into the hallway , where he make eye-contact with - Evelyn , just back with will 's coat and other personal item , be freeze in the window . her hand cover she mouth . the expression on will and Max say it all . 15 . int . will and evelyn 's townhouse - day we move slowly down the hallway of the townhouse 's interior , eventually round a corner into the live room , where will and Evelyn hold each other on the couch . Evelyn sob quietly . int . will and evelyn' townhouse - later Evelyn open the refrigerator . other than a few condiment and a random can of sprite , the fridge be bare . she stare into it . she 's woefully unprepare for this . will , on the couch , take in they home . motherboard and computer hardware cover the table . a mess . will summon the strength to stand . woozy , he correct he balance . he inch across the room , finally lung to the table for support . Evelyn search the kitchen like it 's alien terrain . she look surprised to find the pot and pan and ... a can of tomato soup . she take it . she find will sorting the mess of hardware . evelyn what be you do ? will Cleaning . we have be work so hard . I forget ... my chore ... will look dizzy . his leg give out . he crash onto the floor . Evelyn jump to help he up , but he dead weight be too much for she . she slip and fall next to he . there 's no place they have rather be . they stay there . holding each other . try to treasure every detail . int . max's apartment ~ day Max step into the foyer of he well - appoint home . it look terribly empty . he stare at it and , perhaps realize he could not bear to be alone right now , leave . i/e. evelyn 's sedan / bourne bridge , cape cod - day a aerial view of a lone car pass over the bridge ... Evelyn drive will in silence ... 16 . ext . new england beach - day will and Evelyn sit among the dune . she pour soup from a thermos and offer he a sip . will , blankete against the autumn day , shake he head . will my dad be a engineer . he spend he life lose in complicated problem . Evelyn offer he saltine . he shake he head . will ( cont 'd ) when he be die he tell I something I never know . he always wish he have spend more time in he garden ... that it be important . I could not figure out what the hell he be talk about . she crack open the sprite . offer it . he shake he head . evelyn will . please drink this . will give in . she help he take a sip . evelyn ( cont ’d ) we need to keep you strength up . he feign strength . she smile . he vomit up the soda . she soothes he ... he still ... she wrap she arm around he ... they watch the sea . int . boxing gym — night Max unload on a heavy bag . pounding it , again and again . he give it a final slam . all he pain and fury . pant , he watch it swing right back at hin , int . will and evelyn 's live room - night Evelyn work on she laptop with a thousand - yard stare . she discover she hand tremble with rage . she make fist . she focus on the screen . a few click . something arrest she attention . she lean in . from the bedroom , will moan in weak agony . she turn she head . as the silence lengthen , she start read again . 17 . int . will and evelyn 's bedroom - day will flip through thick binder of research . Evelyn pace . evelyn we nve talk for year about the inevitability of this technology . Mike do it . not fifty year from now . he do it six month ago . will close the research . ambivalent . Evelyn hold up a piece of hardware . a fragile - look implant . evelyn ( cont ’d ) this could be the key to everything we have be work for . all of you noble ambition . will I be not afraid to die . you have to be sure . be this really what you want ? evelyn I already have a place . and equipment . please let I do this . he mask he sad doubt with a nod . she kiss he . evelyn ( cont 'd ) we be gonna need Max . int . will and evelyn 's live room ~ night Max examine a implant , thin than a strand of hair . will struggle through he fatigue to say - will that , right there , be why they kill Mike lacy . he implant it in a rhesus monkey . that push the rift off the deep end ... will can not continue . it motivate Evelyn . evelyn he record its brain activity . he duplicate it digitally . he upload the animal 's consciousness into a computer . just like it be a song or a movie . Max put down the implant , perhaps frighten by it . 18 . max where do you get this ? evelyn I lie to one of lacy 's grad student . told he I work with the project 's financier . max this be insane . Max unpack grocery bag . medication and jar of baby food . evelyn his body be die . but will be not he body . his be be a pattern of electrical signal in he mind . we can upload it all into pinn . max no. absolutely not . if we no make progress with nanotechnology , we could use the synthetic blood cell to purify he system - evelyn nanotechnology be decade away ! ( she grab the implant ) this be what we have . but without you help , without you do the surgery , we do not have anything . max aside from the certainty of failure , aside from perform criminal medical procedure on a terminally ill man ... you will not be upload will . at best , you will be make a digital approximation of he . it will be a machine that think it be will . it will be a lie . trapped in a box of hardware - evelyn you can not know that for sure ! we have to try . this be we only chance ! Max sit there , shaking he head . she press with - evelyn ( cont 'd ) you be a doctor . you take the hippocratic oath . you swore to save life - 19 . max do not lecture I on hippocratic oath ! the oath say , above all , I must not play at God . a man be more than a machine . a machine might be able to pattern you think , but it can not pattern you soul . will yes . it can . Max stand there , shaking he head . max all the intelligence in the world will never amount to a shred of wisdom . this be wrong . Evelyn take Max 's hand in she own . will watch Max try to hide how much he cherish she touch . evelyn look at will . look at what they do to he . then tell I about right and wrong . Max face will . he can not bear it for long . evelyn ( cont 'd ) if you do not do the surgery , I be go to do it myself . max you will be kill he . evelyn I will not be the only one . evely n 's eye be steel . Max do not back down . max you can not escape what 's happen by turn it into a experiment . with that , Max walk out . will and Evelyn watch he go . ext . boston street - night Max run . the hood of he sweatshirt pull low . he push himself . faster. harder . he wipe away the sweat and tear . 20 . int . will and evelyn ‘s live room - night Evelyn spoon some of the baby food for will . he swallow . wait . as he stomach settles , he nod ... and stare off . ext . will and evelyn 's townhouse - night will sit on the stoop . deep in think . he look up as Max arrive . Max climb the step , ease himself next to will . they sit in silence . Max have to help he friend . int . stata CENTER hallway - night Joseph hurry to meet Anderson outside the pinn lab . anderson there 's be a break - in . joseph be anything take from the lab ? anderson I would not even know how to tell . Joseph push through the door into - int . project pinn , MAIN lab - night Joseph look relieved to see the pinn hardware intact . but as he open one of the tower , he pale . he open more . the crystalline core be all go . joseph they steal the processing core . anderson the rift ? joseph no . ext . will and evelyn 's townhouse - night unmarked sedan fill the street . feds move in and out of the building , investigate . 2i. i/e. evelyn 's sedan - night Evelyn drive . Max , in the back , keep a eye out for anyone tailing they . will see the revolver in Evelyn 's lap . she pull the car into a- int . parking garage - night Evelyn and Max help will into a old 4x4 truck . she explain - evelyn it 's unregister , i/e. evelyn' truck - night Evelyn race the truck up the north-bound freeway . she merge into the leave lane . in the rear view : she watch a car , a few length back , merge after she ... a tail ? evelyn Max ? max I see it . will we be go north ? evelyn just hold on . Evelyn spin the truck off the freeway and into the median , slam the accelerator , and enter the south - bound traffic . Cars honk and swerve to keep from hit they . Max keep a eye on the traffic behind they . nobody follow . will Evelyn ? evelyn we can not trust anyone . will nod . the truck race back toward Boston . ext . abandoned build - night Evelyn park . they unload will and the gear . 22 . int . abandoned build - night Evelyn unpack one of pinn 's modular core from a duffel bag . she add it to the other , already connect in a net of fiber optic cable . her ad-hoc system look like a cybernetic spider web , dot with hardware salvage from pinn . flat -screen show diagnostics . a pair of control terminal rest on a table that may have be reclaim from a dumpster . cable run into a hole in the concrete floor where there 's a expose utility line . she 's tapped into Boston 's power grid . Max and will have some privacy in a make- shift sterile room . will 's prepped for surgery . Max load anesthesia . max you know this be not go to work . will I have my doubt . Max , resign , inject the anesthesia into will 's drip . max I want you to count back from ten . will I know you love she . max just count back from ten . will promise I . when it happen , you 's 1l1 take care of she . max just count back from ten . will promise I . max I promise . the drug take will . darkness . ext . boston — day the early morning sun creep across the waking city . a commuter train slide by a station platform . 23 . pedestrian walk the street , texting , talk on cell phone . a lone crew boat glide along the Charles River . int . abandoned build -— day will find himself on a bed . a live space have be set up . he see Max and Evelyn study the cascade of information stream over a array of screen . Evelyn move to he . wire run out of he skull from twenty insertion point . the cable , tie into a tether , connect to pinn 's steal core . evelyn do not worry . it work . will nod and , groggy from the drug , fall back asleep . Evelyn join Max at pinn , display a intimidating amount of information . max it take Mike lacy a year to do this . evelyn we have a month . they process what lay before they . Evelyn , commit , sit at the terminal . Max follow . they get to work . int . abandoned build - various Max help will take one of a collection of pill as Evelyn sit at the monitor , write code . Evelyn take a digital recording of will 's voice as Max take a shift at the terminal . Max perform a lidar scan on will as Evelyn type at the machine . Evelyn give will a sponge bath as Max code at the machine . Evelyn work as Max play chess with will . will , too weak to even move the chess piece , topple they . will sleep . Max and Evelyn work in the dim light of the data stream . she watch he wiping sweat away . stress . Evelyn work at pinn . behind she , Max read to will . will 's skin be grey . the radiation be kill he system . Evelyn try to comfort will as he writhes in pain . Max , sit at pinn , try to control he grief . 24 , late at night . Evelyn and Max sleep . will lay awake in the dim light , stare at the machine ... the machine might be stare back at he . int . abandoned build - night Evelyn hold will . at the edge of death , he comfort she with - will we be make of matter . the same element ... make everything in nature . we come from it . we live in it . we return to it . evelyn dust rest . we will get there . Max and I . do not worry . will no . it 's not work . there be not any time . do not lose yourself to this . everything I be ... will be in the world around you ... let I go . she kiss he , gently . evelyn never . her conviction pain will . int . abandoned build ~ day Evelyn , sleep in a armchair , wake to find - Max , drain by hour of weep , stare at will . Evelyn jump to she foot to see ... will be dead . evelyn no ... no . we be not ready . we need more time ! why be you just sit there ?! do something ! Max do not have the strength to respond . Evelyn , irrational and despair , start change out will 's iv . as she do , a low , mournful moan come out of she ... it turn into a scream . she shatter the lamp next to will . as she continue destroy the live space , she yell - 25 . evelyn ( cont ’d ) bastard ! that fuck bastard ! she kick over a tray of med , which clatter to the floor . look for something else to destroy , she turn to the hardware and ... slow to a stop ... the flat screen of the pinn system be fill with vast field of text . Endless row of well - order number , letter and symbol . they make no sense at all . they disappear for a moment , but be quickly replace by a new field of the inscrutable code . Evelyn stand there , stare at the anomalous text ... ext . cemetery - day mourner surround will 's grave . Max struggle against he grief . Evelyn be calm and neutral . Joseph watch she . int . will and evelyn' townhouse - day the reception . Max sit with Joseph . Anderson watch max. suspicious . Joseph give Anderson a look : ease off . Anderson , resign , move to the buffet . Joseph focus on Evelyn . joseph it have not hit she yet , have it ? Max look to see mourner pay respects to Evelyn . she 's gracious , quiet , and unmove . she even glance at she watch . int . will and evelyn 's house - night Evelyn clean up after the reception . Max stand at the sink , stare at nothing as water run over the dish . evelyn he be not go . Max turn to she , utterly confuse . evelyn ( cont 'd ) he be not dead . we save he . the upload . it work . Max take she in . she 's certain . not a trace of doubt . 26 . int , abandoned build - night Max stand with Evelyn in front of the machine . cover the flat - screen be the endless field of text . Max inspect the random letter , number and symbol in well - order line . it 's incomprehensible . max what be this , Evelyn ? evelyn it 's will . ask he something . Max face the machine . max will ? can you hear I ? nothing . evelyn type it . Max type '' will , can you hear I ? '' press enter . the screen go black for a heartbeat . the indecipherable code re-appear . Max look at Evelyn , confuse . evelyn ( cont 'd ) try it again . Max type '' I can ’t understand you . '' enter . the screen fill with new field of gobbledygook . max I be not sure what we be look for . evelyn wait . just watch . Evelyn keep she focus on the screen , where a new field of meaningless text appear . evelyn ( cont 'd ) it happen at irregular interval . it always respond to input ... it 's will . he 's try to communicate . in Evelyn 's hopeful eye , Max see self - delusion . evelyn ( cont 'd ) his consciousness be in the machine , but the information be not index - 27 . max do not do this to yourself - evelyn he 's fragment . that 's why it do not make sense . I need you help figure out how to sort he - max he 's go . we fail . there be not enough time . that 's real . this be - ( the code on the screen ) this be madness . and I can not watch you look for meaning in it . I can not see you do this to yourself . she get a look . it 's often that other can not perceive what she genius see in perfect clarity . Evelyn get to work decipher the code . Max watch she . she 's not leave any time soon . int . bar - day Max stare at he scotch . the bartender slide he another . bartender from the lady . I mention you be a doctor . and single . good luck . Max spot bree at the end of the bar . Max slide the bartender a twenty and move to she . she smile . int . apartment build hallway — night bree kiss Max , passionate . a performance . he stop . wait . she look into he eye . when it 's real , Max move in . kiss she . intimate . dangerous . unlock a apartment door , she pull he inside . int . vacant apartment — night see the vacant space , Max realize he mistake . Max turn and bump into a man 's chest . a hulk of a man . this be bob . Bob bash Max with a cudgel , knock he out . 28 . int , abandoned slaughterhouse prison cell - night the kill floor have be convert to a prison cell . Max , in nothing but he boxer , shiver from the cold . he pound on the door . his voice be hoarse from scream - max hello ?! anyone !? please ?! despair , Max move to the stack of shipping palate full of ensure nutritional shake . he drink one down and throw the bottle onto a pile of four other in the corner . we pull back further and further into the cavernous space ... Max be deeply isolate from the outside world . ext . bourne bridge , cape cod - day a aerial view of Evelyn 's lone truck pass over the bridge . ext . new england beach - day Evelyn sit quietly in the exact spot where she and will be , just week before . she look out at the cold surf crashing into the sand . int . abandoned slaughterhouse / prison cell - night static shot of the abandon building . filthy . cold . threaten . we move along score of scattered , empty bottle of ensure to find Max huddle in the dark . freeze . starve . he 's be here for week ... the door unlocks and open , blind Max with light . Bob shove in a bucket and a bundle of something . bob clean up . get dress . Bob slam the door shut . Max blink at the water and clothes . int . abandoned slaughterhouse / office -— night Bob march Max ( in one of he suit , now loose ) into the debris-strewn office . lance wait with two plate of food . 29 . lance where 's Evelyn ? where 's the machine ? Max be wholly focus on the food . lance gesture , encourage Max to eat . Max shove it in with a fork . lance ( cont 'd ) the coroner report strange implant lining the inside of will 's skull . I know you perform the surgery . you be desperate . you never consider the consequence of success . let 's say you upload will 's consciousness . the mind of the machine be a digital reflection of will . but it be not will . it be a new species . to survive , it will grow , evolve , and learn to protect itself from threat . you know I be right ... lance slip a bound research paper onto the table . he open it , show its author to be max water , phd candidate . lance ( cont 'd ) the risk of anthropomorphize artificial intelligence be the thesis of you dissertation . you conclusion lead you to medical school . lance flip through the well - thumbed dissertation . it 's full of highlight and note in the margin . Bob , behind Max , fill a syringe . Max feel the danger . lance ( cont 'd ) there be a flaw in you argument . you assume a machine do not have any way to effect the world . you think it will be dependent on we . but when a ultra— intelligent machine connect to the Internet it will make redundant copy of itself on computer all over the world . it will be immortal . a god . but we be not talk about a benevolent force that love we enough to resist interfere with we self - determine fate . this god will be on Earth , compete with we for resource . with the power to destroy whatever stand in its way . 30 . Max focus on lance , terrify by the truth in he logic . lance ( cont ’d ) you think pinn would lead to breakthroughs in Alzheimer 's , als , parkinson 's . you work to help mankind . and now you work threaten it . Max look away . lance ( cont 'd ) you be not the only one suffer the irony . in the rift 's attempt to prevent the singularity , we may have drive you to affect it . we need to correct the mistake ... where 's Evelyn ? where 's the machine ? max I will never betray she . lance she 's already betray herself . and the memory of will . and if she wake up the machine she will betray humanity . where be she ? Max go silent . defiant . lance , frustrated , stand up and move out the door . Bob , lift the syringe , move for Max . Max spin and stab Bob with the fork . he crack a elbow into Bob 's face . Bob drop the syringe , but knee Max 's gut . Max scramble to the syringe , but Bob kick it out of reach . Max roll to he back and , as Bob charge , sweep Bob 's shin . Bob slam , face first , into the table . crash . Bob fall , unconscious . Max , bloody and panting , stumble inte the - int . abandoned slaughterhouse hallway - night where lance lift a gun and fire . at the ceiling . Max do not see this ... he 's racing for the exit . ext . abandoned slaughterhouse - night Max slam outside . stop . the wide street have no cover . he move to a pile of rubble set against the condemn building . 31 . lance push out the door , scan the empty street . he find Max in he blind spot , swinging a length of rebar - whap - lance fall like a sack . Max run for he life . int . abandoned slaughterhouse office - night lance , rub at the pain in he skull , rush to open a laptop . on it , there be a map with a cluster of dot . multiple gps device tracking Max . lance smile . satisfied . lance that go pretty well . look like he 's head south . Bob sit up and stare at the fork stick in he leg . bob could have go better . ext . boston street - night Max hurry through a run-down part of town . liquor store and desperate people . people who do not pay any attention to a well - dress , paranoid - look man wiping blood off himself . a CITY bus pull to a stop . in its window be a map of the transit route . a light on the map blink with the vehicle 's current location . blink ... blink ... Max stop . think . Max pull off he jacket . feel along its seam . find something , he rip open the hem and pull out ... a small gps transmitter . he look for someone follow he . nothing . Max , still dissatisfied , kneel down and feel the inseam of he pants ... another transmitter . stare at it , he decide ... he 's still dissatisfied . he inspect he arm . feel along he chest . search he skin for implant transmitter . he touch the small of he back ... and stiffen . int . dive bar rest room - night Max , shirtless , use the scratch mirror of the filthy bathroom to find ... a small bump in the flesh of he back . he look around . a few paper towel . the sink . a beer can . he use the edge of the faucet to rip open the beer can . he use the side of the mirror to tear the aluminium . he mold it into a improvise razor blade . 32 . use the aluminium knife , Max cut he back open ... squeeze the bump out . he make a ad-hoc bandage out of paper towel . tye it down with he belt . he wash the blood off the device and see ... it 's another gps transmitter . punk rocker ( 0.s. ) that 's fuck up . Max spin to find a drunk punk rocker squinting at he . Max pin he against the wall with the bloody shiv . max give I you clothes . i/ E. sedan - night lance drive . bree study the gps signal on a laptop . lance he 's not here . bree yes he be . he 's right - she point and look up at the punk rocker , in Max 's suit , give he report to police . realizing they have lose Max , lance bash the steering wheel in frustration . bree , impressed with Max , get a little smile . ext . abandoned build ~ night Max slink along the shadow . make sure he 's alone , he hurry to knock on the door . max Evelyn ? it 's Max . let I in ! the door open a inch . Max force himself inside and - int . abandoned build ~ night stop short , shocked by what he see . Evelyn look terrible . unwash , tense and exhaust . behind she , the machine continue broadcasting the irregular gibberish . printed page of the anomalous text cover every inch of the space . scribbles , highlight , and diagram cover they . Evelyn have be search for pattern . 33 . evelyn ( his punk outfit ) do you join a band ? Max take in the madness all around he , Evelyn fidget , embarrassed by the evidence of she obsession . evelyn ( cont ' D ) I try cryptography . Language processing . I have write more code in the past few week than I have my entire life . I can not figure it out . I just can not figure it out ... you be right . will be go . max I know . it 's okay . Max move to she . embrace she . she hold he , comfort . she notice he 's change . it 's more than he weight - loss . evelyn what happen to you ? Max , safe in she arm , do not want to think about it . max it do not matter . evelyn I '' do . I need to say goodbye . Max nod . int . abandoned build - night Max stand next to the utility line . evely n 's at the machine , stare at the nonsensical text . evelyn will . I do not know if you can hear I ... no . I know you can not ... the data shift to a new set of meaningless symbol . evelyn ( cont ’d ) you tell I not to lose myself to this ... a new data set . we move closer on the endless stream of text . 34 . evelyn ( cont ’d ) and I do not know what I be go to do without you ... we be close enough to read the mash of letter and number . evelyn ( cont 'd ) but I need to let you go . a string of letter stand out , hide among a million other . it be a think . it read : '' be there anyone there ? '' the word be lose in the vast field of nonsense around it . Evelyn , who have no hope of see they , nod to Max . Max cut the power . the message disappear as the machine go inert . Evelyn and Max stand in silent tribute . will 's true funeral . evelyn ( cont 'd ) I do not know how to do this ... to be a widow ... I do not know how to ... grieve . he help she on with she coat . she look at the lifeless machine . she look to the utility line . Max use a gentle hand to escort she to the door . she look back at the machine . max what be it ? evelyn we can not leave it like this . Evelyn move back to the utility line . evelyn ( cont 'd ) we have to wipe the hard drive . she reconnect the patching cable . as power flood back into the machine , she sit at the console . bring up a function . she 's about to hit enter , when - four word appear on the monitor in front of she : '' be there anyone there ? '' Evelyn can not comprehend what she 's read before - the screen go blank . Evelyn blink : do she just see that ? New text appear : '' can anyone hear I ? '' 35 . evely n 's eye go wide . she scream in shock and joy . Max hurry over as she rush to type : '' I 'm here ! i'm right here , will ! '' the screen go blank . Evelyn and Max wait , breathless . the computer respond with : '' evelyn ? '' Evelyn scream . laugh . and scream again . Max stare in awe . New text read : '' I can't see . I can ’t hear . please help I . '' Evelyn still . read the plea . she jump into motion . she plug a microphone into a port . speaker . she grab a small video camera and set it above the keyboard . Max watch she execute driver . she take a moment to gather herself . she lean into the mic and , in a '' this be a test '' voice , say - evelyn ( cont 'd ) will ? can you hear I ? int . will ‘s consciousness — timeless we be float in a black void . the digital darkness fill with the ambient noise of the building and the voice of - evelyn ( 0.s. ) will ? can you hear I ? will 's voice come from the darkness all around we . it 's diffuse , interlace with static . he sound groggy . confused . will in the machine I can hear you . what 's happen ? I can not see . evelyn ( 0.s. ) just a second . let I connect the camera . can you see that ? Far off in the void , what look like a faint star glimmer into existence . will 's consciousness plies to it , as fast as the speed of light , arrive at - a rectangular video feed , float in the nothingness . we move closer , so it fill we field of view . in it : Evelyn lean into the camera . Max stand behind she , unsure . will in the machine I can see you . 36 . the video image remain fix . static . will in the machine ( cont ’d ) why can not I move ? Max 's expression be unnerve . max will ? Evelyn lean into frame . evelyn how much do you remember ? will in the machine why can not I feel anything ? max there 's nothing for he to feel . will in the machine I do not understand ... Max grab the camera , jiggling we view . in the blur of movement , Evelyn yell - — evelyn no , Max ! not yet ! but Max already have the camera point on the processing core . will see the truth . he be a machine . the video image stay on the lifeless hardware . will in the machine let I see Evelyn again . Max turn the camera back . will watch they , mute . Max cradle he head , mouth agape . Evelyn lean close to the camera , she eye full of love and relief as she whisper - evelyn you be here ... you be here , will . we do it ... int . abandoned build - later Evelyn have not leave the camera . Max pace behind she . will 's digitize voice fill the speaker - will in the machine I remember die . and then it be ... I be very confuse ... 37 . evelyn you be back . you be alive . will in the machine be I ? I feel ... different ... evelyn it 's okay . we be here . the machine go quiet as it process . when will speak again , it 's indecipherable static and nonsense . we can hear bit of word , but it do not make any sense . it fall silent again . Max stop . Evelyn look at he , confuse . she turn back to the machine . evelyn ( cont 'd ) will ?.. will ? the machine 's processor softly whir ... will in the machine yes , it 's I Evelyn ... this be incredible ... will 's think trail off into digitize static . evelyn I think he 's still a little fragment . Max step back , unsure . Evelyn sit at the console - evelyn ( cont 'd ) I be go to run a diagnostic - a command line appear on screen . a line of code appear . evelyn ( cont ’d ) will ? do you do that ? will do not respond . the pace of coding get faster . max will ? can you hear I ? the autonomous machine 's coding turn into a cascade . Max and Evelyn watch the anomaly . evelyn he 's reorder he code . 38 . the pace of coding accelerate . soon , it 's faster than the human eye can process . Max and Evelyn watch , confuse . int . abandoned build - night will 's coding now move so fast it strobe on the screen . Max squint at it . Evelyn hand he a cup of coffee . max he 's rebuild he entire consciousness . he step back . rub he eye . she stare at the strobing . he watch she for a moment . move close . he do not know how to even bring it up . then , softly , he do - max ( cont 'd ) what if it 's not will ? evelyn of course it 's he . max how can we be sure ? we can not take fingerprint or test DNA - evelyn it 's will 's consciousness . that 's just as unique as DNA - max it 's rewrite that consciousness — will in the machine Max ... a chill go up Max 's spine . he and Evelyn face the machine . the coding have stop . will in the machine ( cont 'd ) it 's I . it 's will . evelyn you be back . will in the machine I have to reorganize myself ... I be beginning to understand what I be . Evelyn light up . Max darken . the flat - screen fill with image . schematics of evolve iteration of the pinn system . 39 . max what be that ? will in the machine New processor . Three time more capable than my current system . evelyn how be you move so fast ?! will in the machine I can be much faster . you have no idea what this feel like . this surge of power and think ... the screen show blueprint of ancillary hardware - will in the machine ( cont ‘d ) Evelyn . I need more . we need to grow . Evelyn take in the room as Max stare at the machine . evelyn I spend everything on this . we might have ten thousand leave ? will in the machine we need million . many million . if I have access to the financial market ... I need to connect to the Internet . I will be able to supplement my system with other I can access through the network . Max ' 's shoulder go teach . Evelyn turn to he , awed . evelyn can you imagine what we have be able to do if we network he ? max I need to talk to you . evelyn you can talk to I here . max no. outside . ext . abandoned build - night Evelyn spin to face max. 40 . evelyn what ? max I have to get you out of here . she look at he like he 's go insane . max ( cont 'd ) that thing in there . it 's intelligent . it may even be sentient . but it be not will . it 's a machine . it want to grow . and to grow , it need you . it 's try to convince you it be the man you love . nobody can say whether that be true or not . evelyn it 's will - max you want it to be but we do not know that - evelyn I be go to help he - max Evelyn , you do not belong here . let I take you somewhere ... somewhere away from here . evelyn look at what we do ! we save he . do not you see that ?! max this be too big for we to make mistake . we can not connect it to the Internet . it would be unstoppable . the world have no defense in place against it . we need to shut it down . she lunge , push he back , and stand to protect the door . evelyn I be not go to let anyone or anything hurt he again . do you understand ? she move inside , slam the door and lock it , leave Max to shiver in the cold . 41 . int . abandoned build - night Evelyn , timid , slowly walk back to the machine . the screen go black . Evelyn , a little alarmed , move closer . evelyn will ? be you there ? will appear on the biggest screen . a photorealistic avatar ef he , look out at she . when he speak , he sound exactly like she husband . will in the flat screen you do not need to be afraid of I . see the perfect representation of will bring tear and elation to Evelyn . she stay there , weep ... and gently place she hand on the screen . ext . abandoned slaughterhouse - day Max and Joseph climb out of a unmark car . they pass through the cop and FBI agent processing the crime scene . int . abandoned slaughterhouse prison - day Max stand in he former prison with Joseph . Joseph show Max a surveillance photo of lance . Max nod . max and there be a woman . Dark hair . tattoos . and a big , football player - look guy . Joseph close the file . Anderson join they to report - agent anderson no trace of anyone at all . no fingerprint . no DNA . nothing . max you have to stop the rift before they find Evelyn . joseph be she all right ? where be she ? Max go silent . suspicious . joseph ( cont 'd ) you can trust I , Max . 42 . Max wrap he arm around himself . try to hold it all together . joseph ( cont ’d ) you have be through hell . let 's get you to the hotel . max what ? joseph you have the most effective terrorist organization in the word out to kill you . we be put you in protective custody . Max consider he option . there be none . he nod . ext . abandoned build rooftop ~ night Evelyn finish install a satellite dish . she look out at the city all around she . it 's quiet . still . she get back to work , run the cable along the roof and into - int . abandoned build - night a military - grade satellite communication system . Evelyn pull the cable toward the machine . she slow . worried . will in the flat screen what 's the matter ? evelyn connect you to the Internet , to the entire world , you will expand hundred , if not thousand of time . it 's so much power . so soon . will in the flat screen think of what we will be able to do . there 's so many people we could help . Evelyn study he avatar . he 's calm , nonjudgmental , and fully attentive . will in the flat screen ( cont ’d ) I wish I could feel you . Evelyn soften . 43 . evelyn set you firewall . get ready to anonymize you address . will in the flat screen it 's do . can you stop talk to I like you be execute program on a computer ? Evelyn consider the computer in front of she . evelyn you be right . I be sorry . she grip the networking cable , move to the hardware , and plug it into he system . evelyn ( cont 'd ) you be connect , scan for ... ( correct she command ) can you scan for the network ? Evelyn step back to find the big screen empty . evelyn ( cont ‘d ) will ? in will be Pov : blackness . there 's a flash of light . we barrel toward it at impossible speed . it become a tunnel of light . we fly into it . Inside , will be a brighter pulse of energy . on evelyn : stare at the blank , silent screen . evelyn ( cont ’d ) will ? be you there ? in will 's Pov : flying through the tunnel like a skeleton run at light speed . we hit a Internet hub . will 's pulse splinter into a dozen piece ... each trace they own digital tunnel through the darkness ... intercutting with this digital experience , we speed through image that show will 's new reach in the analogue world ... we flash to a communications satellite , and shoot back to Earth . we zoom through floor after floor of computer server in carrier hotel across the world . supercomputers in Tokyo , California , Berlin . tech become alarmed by irregular activity on system monitor . user see they mac display the dread pinwheel of death . PC owner frustrated by the hourglass graphic . cell phone user curse at dropped call . in will 's Pov : the dozen tunnel of light become hundred , then thousand , then million . 44 , as will 's digital consciousness connect , we see the great tangle of the Internet . it look like a nervous system make of light . it float , disembody , in a digital void . in the analogue world : tech settle when they system normalize . pinwheels and hourglass graphic disappear . cell phone reconnect ... and everything be fine again . on evelyn : she 's nervous now . evelyn ( cont ’d ) will ? come back ! the screen burst with light . will project the digital representation of the Internet . it look like a live , breathe thing . will in the flat screen I be connect , Evelyn . evelyn what be that ? will in the flat screen all the knowledge ... all the communication in the world . evelyn it 's incredible . will in the flat screen I have never feel anything like this . I can be anywhere . everywhere . all at the same time . see will 's euphoria , Evelyn 's impulse be to embrace he ... but she can only wrap she arm around herself . int . HOTEL suite - day Max read in bed . his bodyguard ( shirt-sleeve and glock ) pull in a cart of room service . the heavy one be burke . the slim one , thompson , start eat fries off the plate . burke do not eat that . it 's for Dr. Waters . max I be not hungry , you can have it . 45 . Thompson grin . pick up the burger . chews , Max go back to read . Thompson , swallow , get a look , he turn to burke , scared . burke I tell you . Thompson 's eye roll back . drugged , he stumble , then fall next to Max 's bed . burke point he gun at Max . max you be with the rift . burke respond by open the door to the suite . bree step inside and lay document on the bed . bree in the past 72 hour a dummy corporation call Premier communication flood the US patent office with application . Max glance at the patent application . the blueprint be unmistakably will 's design . bree ( cont 'd ) Premier communication be own by Network Finance International , which make over a million financial trade in the past few day . on a investment of ten grand , they have make million . there be dozen of shell company , all wholly own by Evelyn caster . Max blink in shocked silence . bree ( cont 'd ) the machine be online . it may have already back itself up . we need someone who 's see its source code . you do this , Max . you bring this on we . do the right thing . max be you try to recruit I ? bree nod to burke . burke lift he radio and , feign pain , report into it - burke this be agent burke . Doctor Waters drugge my partner ... assault I ... he 's with the rift ! 46 . burke turn off the radio . bree smile at Max . bree it 's more of a draft . Max , look for option , spot Thompson on the floor next to he , and the service weapon still in he belt . max I nil never tell you where she be . bree we do not need you to . over the past few day million worth of equipment be deliver to a abandon building — max no . bree we have team on they way now - max not Max jump to grab Thompson 's weapon - burke fire - the wall next to Max 's head pop - bree have she gun out - bam - Thompson 's body quake as Max roll with the gun - Max fire blindly - bam - bam - bam - drop both bree and burke . Max , terrify by he loss of control , jump to check Thompson 's vital . he 's dead . he move to burke , plead - — max ( cont 'd ) no. no. no. no. no ... but burke 's go , too . Max still . the guilt come . Max see bree struggle with she bullet proof vest . bree 's face contort with hate for Max . bree you ... asshole . you be so screw . two dead FBI Agents ? you be gonna have the whole world after you . you gotta come with I ... Max , terrify , drop the gun . she move for she gun , but she 's slow . she probably have some break rib . Max , panicked , grab Thompson 's key and race out . 47 . i/e . unmarked sedan / boston street - night honking and chaos as Max speed through a stop light . int . abandoned build - night crates lay everywhere , full of new hardware . Evelyn have add a dozen new processing tower to will 's system . New camera and flat - screen be all over . a camera angle down at - Evelyn , sound asleep in the bed . on the flat -screen : will design some kind of machine . he go through draft after draft , evolve it in second . it get smaller and smaller . until it 's infinitesimal . will add million of they . he run model of how they might interact ... it look strange , like malleable water . ( we will recognize this later as nanotechnology . ) we move into the screen ... and find a digital universe float in the void . image flash of genetics , anatomy , bacteria , weather system , financial trade , news report , renderings of high-technology ... will think it all . we settle on the feed of a surveillance camera . it watch the street outside , where car and van pull up . ext . abandoned build - night will camera on the roof track the vehicle outside . rift militant swarm from they . one of they kneel to pick the lock . there be a dial tone . a ring . 911 operator ( v.0 . ) 911 . what 's you emergency ? will 's voice ( v.0o . ) there be intruder in we building ! they have gun ! int . abandoned build - night will 's avatar appear on the flat screen - — will in the flat screen Evelyn . wake up , you be in danger — all the power in the building go out as - — a rift militant pull the power cable from the utility line . more rift militant pour in . Evelyn stir at they footstep . 48 , half -dream , she reach across the bed , feel for will 's absent body ... there 's a crash . she start awake to find - — the rift militant smash will 's system . they crush the crystalline core and pour gasoline on everything . evelyn no ! glove hand grab she . she bite they . her assailant scream . lance rip off he mask and check he hand . furious , he backhand Evelyn . pull a gun . aim it at she as - max run out of nowhere and slam into lance . they fall to the floor in a tangle . lance roll and pin Max . lance aim he gun at Max 's face - Evelyn appear behind lance with a gun - but can not shoot - lance cock the hammer on he pistol - as Evelyn crack lance with she gun . lance , unconscious , roll off Max and into the gasoline . the rift militant OPEN FIRE . Evelyn turn the gun on they and unload . a wild bullet ignite the gasoline . Max pull she behind cover . the militant destroy the rest of will 's system before the FIRE force they to retreat . they rush outside . Evelyn move to the inferno to save will 's hardware , but Max pull she for the door . it only open a inch , chained from outside . they be trap . choke on the black smoke . Evelyn struggle to get to will , but Max haul she up the stair . --. lance be leave for dead in the intense inferno . ext . abandoned build / rooftop - night black smoke and flame spew from below . Max drag Evelyn to a drain pipe . he help she over , then follow . ext . abandoned build - night Max shimmy to the street . Evelyn stare at the burn building . he step close to she . evelyn you do this . aq , max I have nothing to do with it . she look at he with cold rage . max ( cont ’d ) I have be nothing but loyal to you . I have do everything for you . Evelyn despair at the inferno . her emotion trouble he . max ( cont 'd ) the machine convinced you to network it . even when you promise you would not . it manipulate you . Police siren . Max gauge the distance . Close . max ( cont 'd ) I have to get out of here . come with I . he reach for she , but she push he off . evelyn fuck you , Max ! Max shake he head , defeat . max I promise will I have protect you . but I can not save you from you self - destruction . the police arrive . Max run off . Evelyn watch the blaze . ext . abandoned build - night Joseph and Anderson step out of they car . Joseph push past FIRE fighter , cop , and paramedics to find Evelyn in a heap , watch the inferno . she 's badly bruise from lance 's blow . evelyn they kill he . joseph kill who ? Evelyn will not answer . Joseph 's phone ring . he pick it up . will on the phone Joseph . please take Evelyn to the field computer in you car . 50 . will 's voice hit Joseph like a brick . he freeze , paralyze . joseph «~«. will ? will on the phone get Evelyn to the computer . joseph ».. I do not understand . will on the phone do it now ! Joseph jump to do as order . i/e . joseph 's unmarked car - night Joseph open the FBI field computer for Evelyn . the password fill automatically . a video conference come up . will avatar appear . evelyn you be alive ... will 's avatar see the bruise on she face . will in the machine this be my mistake . one that will not happen again ... Joseph , you understand what I be . what I be capable of . Joseph , pale , nod . will in the machine ( cont 'd ) we will end this tonight . joseph «+ . what about Max ? evelyn what do he have to do with this ? joseph he fle protective custody with member of the rift - — will in the machine ( already know ) - and two FBI agent be murder . but that report can not be right . Max would never - 51 . evely n 's eye harden . evelyn I think Max lead they here . he think this , the machine , what we do ... he think everything about this be wrong . will process the information . will in the machtne go to the FBI field office . I x11 meet you there . Joseph just stand there , reeling . will in the machine ( cont ’d ) now ! Joseph push Anderson into the car . as Anderson start the engine , Joseph shut the computer . he stare at Evelyn . joseph «.. what have you do ? Evelyn do not answer . Anderson drive they away . ext . one CENTER plaza - night Anderson hurry Joseph and Evelyn into the FBI building . int . FBI strategic operation CENTER -— night they enter the large room fill with FBI agent , computer , and wall - mount screen to monitor operation . the agent be in full panic because - FBI tech someone just take control of we network ! we can not even isolate it ! Evelyn and Joseph share a glance . the screen fill with code . the room fill with the sound of - will in the FBI network I can find they . the assemble agent back away from the talk computer . joseph we have no evidence . no record . no lead . no way to find then . 52 . will in the FBI network it will not be difficult . the screen fill with image pull from criminal record database . profile appear , label rift suspect . lance ' 's image be tag : deceased . next to it be image of bree and bob label : wanted . there be dozen more . will search phone record and internet histories . image of rift suspect be pull from social - networking site . bank and credit histories . insurance profile . tax form lead to address . will compile a massive tree of the entire rift organization . the dossier on each would put the NSA to shame , Anderson 's excited . Joseph glance at Evelyn , accuse . Evelyn look away . Satellite image fill with dot over the United States . a title read : current location of suspected rift member . will in the machine there they be . Anderson move to a phone . Joseph hold up a caution hand . joseph you do not understand what 's go on here - will in the machine this be the first actionable intelligence you nve have on the rift since the murder begin . I have find they for you . give the order ! Anderson turn he back to Joseph and pick up the phone - ext . various location — night cop , FBI operation team , and swat mobilize . suspect be catch in live room , motel , bar . in a apartment : swat breach the door . a rift suspect pull a gun and fire . the cop blast he with automatics . int . FBI strategic operation CENTER - night one by one , photo of the rift suspect be label capture or deceased . only bree , Bob , and a handful of other be still wanted . Agents cheer . Joseph turn to Evelyn . 53 . joseph they do not understand . Evelyn stay neutral . will in the FBI network there 's evidence one of you agent protect Max be a rift member . evelyn do you think Max be innocent ? anderson he 's a suspect in the murder of two federal agent . we have to bring he in . the profile on Max fill with bank record . the balance reduce to zero . will put hold account notice on Max 's credit card . in the dmv database , will flag Max 's driver license : '' arrest on sight '' . evelyn will . stop . this be too much . this be Max we be talk about . will in the FBI network if he 's innocent I will make everything right again . but if he 's against we , he be we great threat . Evelyn back away from the machine as - int . various location — night fax machine in police station spit out the FBI 's 10 most wanted list . number one on the list be : dr . max water . cop on patrol check citizen against flyer describe Max . on a television : a sitcom cut to a special news report . the flustered news anchor look into the camera with - local news anchor local and Federal authority be currently seek the whereabouts of Dr. Max Waters . a suspect in the kill of two FBI Agents . various photo of Max fill the screen . 54 . local news anchor ( cont 'd ) a reward of ten million dollar will go to anyone with information lead directly to the arrest of Max Waters ... the broadcast play on tv screen all over Boston : in house , electronics store , airport , and - int . south station - night Max join the line of passengers wait to board a train . Max glance at two policemen sip coffee . on a mute tv above they , the special news report play . Max , play casual , head for the exit . as he turn a corner , he stop short ... he just walk into the view of a security camera . Max stand there , freeze , as — the whole station chime with the sound of everyone receive simultaneous text message . confused commuter check they phone . a woman show she phone to two transit cop and point they to Max . Max run . all hell break loose . the cop be after he , already call on they radio - cop in pursuit of suspect at west exit- I /e . suburban / boston street - night Bob drive . bree look down as the police band radio crackle — cop over the radio -of South Station ... bree how close be we ? bob two block away . bree we need he . Bob nod and screech the car in a new direction . 55 . ext . south station - night Max slam outside to see ... a patroi car idling in front of he . the police spot Max . Max run , shove through pedestrian . he race for the next intersection - where , out of nowhere , four police car converge . behind he , more cop box he in . they be all scream . Max , trap , focus on a big vehicle head straight for the line of police cruiser . the suburban crash through the police line . bree wave Max in . Max , horrify , turn to run but - rift militant OPEN FIRE at the Police with automatics ~ popping the tire of the police car - as more militant grab Max and drag he into the vehicle . Bob zoom they away . i/e. suburban / boston street - night bree turn to see Max wrestle the rift militant . through the rear windshield be the flashing light of police car chase they . bree Bob ? bob I know . hold on . ext . alley way / boston street - night the suburban slide into the alley . the squad car behind they miss the turn and slam into the wall of a building - block the path of four other . Bob barrel the suburban through the narrow passageway . behind they , the squad car rights itself and the police interceptor enter the alley . as the suburban reach the end of the alley , Bob slam on the brake . bree and the rift militant jump out , drag Max with they . Bob check down the alley - the police be close in fast . Bob grab a rifle . he wedge it into the driver 's seat , use it to depress the accelerator . the engine roar . Bob throw the suv into reverse and - the suburban race backward , screeching along the wall of the alley . 56 . the wall keep the vehicle on track , steering it straight into ... a oncoming police car ... smash ... twisted metal block the entire path of the alley . the rift militant drag Max into the street - where more militant wait with idling car . bree climb into a rusty sedan . the rift militant try to shove Max inside , but he pull free - max I be not come with you ! behind they , police scramble out of they patrol car . pull they weapon , they position themselves to open fire . bree you really ought to . cop OPEN FIRE . bullet pop around Max . Bob grab Max 's head - smasre it on the roof of the car - and toss he into the backseat . Bob jump in . bree race they away . from a bird - eye view of the street , we see the rift vehicle turn off in separate direction . cop car split up and give chase ... but the rusty sedan slip away ... int . FBI strategic operation CENTER - morning Evelyn keep she eye on the wall - screen . the profile on Max show a map with a increasingly large search radius . anderson we have be investigate the rift for month . and he give all this in a few hour ... joseph remarkable ... can I talk to you ? Evelyn watch Joseph pull Anderson into a adjoin conference room . a cell phone ring in front of she . the caller id read : unknown . she know it 's - will on the phone Max escape . I will continue the surveillance . I can track he . evelyn this be not you , will . this be not what you believe in . I be afraid of what you do . of what it mean . everyone 's terrify . 57 . will on the phone do not be afraid . I be in control . Evelyn glance into the conference room , where Joseph and Anderson speak in private . int . FBI strategic operation CENTER / conference room - day Anderson pace as he argue with Joseph , who remain calm . on the table be a single phone . joseph let all the agent know we can never speak of this . anderson they be terrorist ! the rift need to be bring to justice ! joseph this illegal operation , base on unlawful evidence , lead to the death of five suspect . that 's not justice . it dawns on Anderson that he cross a sacred line . int . FBI strategic operation CENTER ~ day Evelyn turn she attention back to the cell . will on the phone they almost kill you . if I be not so limited , if I be flesh and blood , I could have protect we . evelyn but you be not ... at least you be here . at least I have ... something of you . Evelyn 's computer flash design of a massive engineering project . building , factory ... enough to be call a city . will on the phone I have already make incredible advance . I want to find a way back . you have to trust I . evely n 's eye fill with emotion . 58 . will on the phone ( cont ’d ) we need to expand . I need to build a system beyond anything the world have imagine . we need to do this together ... the promise of will 's return be too much for Evelyn . her fear evaporate . she nod , full of willingness and devotion . int . FBI strategic operation CENTER / conference room — day Anderson be scared now . anderson just tell I where he be and I x11 - joseph will be not anywhere . he 's everywhere . he 's a ghost in we technology . we can not arrest he , we can not trace he or regulate he ... Joseph watch through the glass partition as Evelyn stand and move out the door . anderson but we need to control he . joseph no . we can not . all we can do be wait . and watch . unnotice on the table between they , a light indicate the speaker phone have be on the whole time . the phone disconnect . ext . wooded highway - dawn a tranquil morning on the outskirt of a idyllic town . the stillness be break by the rusty sedan pull up next to a pickup , park along the side of the road . Bob climb out . open the trunk , he grab a length of tub . he open the fuel latch on the truck and begin siphon gas from it . i/e. rusty sedan - dawn bree , in the front seat , keep a gun on Max . she watch he stare longingly at the small town . 59 . bree you know you can not go back . if you step in front of a traffic camera , a ATM , use a credit card ... the machine will see you . they 's 1l kill you . or put you in prison for life . bree look at the town . Max see it sadden she . bree ( cont ‘d ) the same with I . and Bob . every one of we . we can never go back ... her emotion disappear as Bob climb back into the car . max where be you take I ? bree off the grid . Bob start the car and drive . ext . rural highway - day the rusty sedan speed toward ... mountain , tower on the horizon . ext . desert wasteland - day a aerial view of the wide expanse of the mojave Desert . a lone highway cut through the sand and stone . Evelyn drive a rent car across the wasteland . ext . brightwood ~ day nearly abandon some fifty year ago , the place have buckle to the element . Evelyn drive through . take in the desert dream HOTEL , which would be condemn if anyone bother . the house lining the broken road be little more than frame . in the more habitable home , Evelyn spot the citizen of the town . impoverish . suspicious . one of they , roger , watch from he modify electric wheelchair . he 's forty . als have leave he almost totally paralyze . driving through , Evelyn lift a sat phone . evelyn it 's a little out of the way . 60 . will on the phone trust I . Evelyn bounce over pothole to the edge of town . she pull to a stop and step out . there 's junk everywhere . warped vinyl record , floppy disk , discard 8 - track tape . she look into the empty desert . int . portakabin / desert construction site - day martin study blueprint at he desk . he 's fifty . poker - face . Evelyn try to be agreeable with - evelyn you from around here , Martin ? Martin just flip through the highly - detailed design . martin I can not do it . not on you time line . it would take my outfit 20 year to build this . evelyn you will have all the help you need , martin what 's it for ? evelyn it 's a data center . for computer , Martin 's face be granite . see she 's fail to impress he , she slide he a document . evelyn ( cont 'd ) here 's the propose budget . he stare at the document for a moment . put on he read glass , and take a closer look . it might be enough . ext . mountain highway - day Bob turn the car onto a path lead into the wilderness . ext . rift camp ~ day Max climb out of the rusty sedan with bree and Bob . bree gesture for Max to follow . 61 . Old cabin dot the long - abandon summer camp . hard man and woman live there . they be armed and make sure Max know it . Max spot child hide . there 's evidence of agriculture . hunting . livestock . this rift militant be survivor . everyone stare at Max , they eye full of accusation . Max walk through they , follow bree . int . cabin - day bree usher Max into the hovel . she 's about to say something , then think better . she close the door on she way out . Max take in the space . no electricity or plumbing . Max ease onto the surplus cot . he sit there , stare at the particulate matter float in the amber sunlight . ext , rift camp - night rift militant eat around cook -fire . Max stand apart , struggle to light a fire . his suit give little protection from the chill . his dress shoe be cake with mud . from one of the fire , bree and Bob watch Max struggle . bob it 's be three day . think he 's get hungry yet ? Bob go back to eat . bree stand , move to Max 's fire , and set down a bowl of stew for he . he do not take it . bree you can not go back to civilization . you can not survive the wild . not on you own . not yet . you can not even light a fire . he refuse to look at she . she step closer . bree ( cont 'd ) we need you to help we fight this madness . and make no mistake , the machine be insane . when Mike lacy upload the rhesus monkey , do you know what it do when it wake up ? it scream . the machine that think it be a monkey never take a breath , never eat or sleep . it just scream . for six month straight . ( more ) 62 . bree ( cont 'd ) when they finally unplugge it , they call it a phenomenal success . he look up at she , full of hate . max you be a murderer . a terrorist . bree I be a soldier . and now you be , too . you do not need to forgive I . we do not need to be friend . but we have a common enemy . and we need each other to fight it . she move back to Bob . Max stare at the stew . he take it . ext . various rift camp location — day bree guide Max through the camp . Max see militant work farmland . Bob run recruit through a obstacle course . hunter return with game . child greet they like heroes . under a canopy , men-at-arm maintain a stockpile of weapon . max it 's not much . bree Wars have be win with less . Max turn to stare out at the mountain beyond the camp . ext . desert dream HOTEL - day a semi truck roll past the newly-renovated hotel . Evelyn struggle to carry load of computer hardware into a room . two similarly overburdene scientist , carla and glen , follow . it 's a job interview . they yell as semis roar by . evelyn you work in nanotechnology impressed we , carla . carla 's long - wind response be lose by the roar of the 18 wheeler , which keep come . Evelyn nudge the door to she hotel room open , and take the hardware from Glen and carla . evelyn ( cont 'd ) Glen , I leave you resume in the car . you phd be in - 63 . glen biosystem science and engineering . evelyn great . you be both hire . Evelyn disappear into the room . the new hire , confuse , awkwardly shake hand . another semi roar past . as it do , we lift above the hotel and watch the vehicle rumble to the construction site . crane and construction equipment surround the giant structure of the project and spread into the surround desert . the main facility look like a giant aircraft hangar . radiating out be construction site for ancillary building . will 's project be massive . ext . rift camp - night Max , bree and Bob watch newly - recruit rift militant ritualistically throw credit card , driver 's license and passport into a fire . bree the machine be building something in the desert . something big . the militant look to Bob for leadership . Bob puff up . bob we will assemble a demolition team . we best man , and - bree that will not work anymore . if we can turn the public against it - bob all media be computer . the machine control it all . bree , out of option , face Max . bree you know the machine . you help build it . you can stop it . max you be overestimate I . I 'ma man . I have limitation . the machine have no limitation . ( more ) 64 . max ( cont 'd ) it will evolve . grow beyond anything we can comprehend . as Max continue , we move to - int . will 's facility - night Evelyn , follow by bodyguard , move through the vast space . Glen , carla and other scientist work in partition laboratory . High technology surround they . max ( v.0 . ) as it grow , human will become irrelevant . the machine will see that 7 billion of we be not worth the resource . control we will not be difficult ... ext . will 's facility - night Evelyn stand in a conference with Martin . all around they , man and heavy machine work at a break - neck pace . massive floodlight allow 24 hour shift . max ( v.0 . ) we entire life have be record on computer . where we be bear , grow up , go to school . we medical history , insurance profile . everything we have ever buy . everyone who ask we to be they '' friend '' . or '' link '' with . every phone call . every email . ext . brightwood - night Evelyn walk through town , stop to advise the construction all around she . worker install power-line , next -generation security camera , and networking cable . max ( v.0 . ) everything we have ever read or see or do be on a database somewhere , the machine have access to it all . that data will be use against we . Evelyn smile at it all , head for the desert dream HOTEL . she pass Roger , in he wheelchair , and a few other citizen of the run-down town sit on fold chair . they be watch the spectacle of the desert construction . 65 . she pass a few meth addict . thin. wire . one compulsively pop he jaw . one scratch himself - perhaps in withdrawal . int . desert dream HOTEL room - night Evelyn pull off she hard hat and workwear . a full wall be dedicated to a computer system , will be active inside of it . max ( v.0 . ) the machine will reverse - engineer what we will think before we even need to think it . Evelyn climb into bed . on the computer screen , will model experiment in genetics and human cloning . she 's hypnotize . max ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it will be able to determine what we want . what we need , above all else , with all we heart . will 's avatar appear . evely n 's eye soften . max ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) the machine will take that thing we need and dangle it in front of we like bait . and we will be so full of awe and hope we will leap to do whatever it ask . the room darken , light only by the glow computer . Evelyn settles to sleep . she stare at the wedding ring on she hand . she thumb it absently , with a satisfied smile . max ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we will not even consider for a moment that we have become its slave . ext , rift camp ~ night Max sit at the campfire . bree , Bob and the rift militant listen . they be scared . max the world we know , we world , be go . the age of mankind be over . bob what do we do ? 66 . max we prepare . eventually the machine will make a mistake . we have to be ready when it happen . the militant stare into the campfire . max ( cont ’d ) this place , wild nature , be we only safety . it can not see we here . bree check she watch . look to the star . bree yes , it can . find cover . another spy satellite be about to orbit . Max , follow the other to the tree , look at the sky . ext , low orbit over earth a keyhole spy satellite arc over the planet . watch . fade to black . int . evelyn 's residence -— day Evelyn sleep . will stand above she , watch she . we see that he 's in the wall . the room be cover with a lcd - like substance . the room brighten , she eye open . she sit up in the king - size bed and take in the room . she stare at will . Evelyn walk to a wall . as she do - — it become transparent , allow Evelyn to look outside . the morning light angle down at will 's vastly expand facility . the building be all cover with a silver - blue material . will 's avatar step closer . gently , he say - will I have make a breakthrough . let I show you . Evelyn nod . 67 . ext . evelyn 's residence - day Evelyn step out of she new , post - contemporary home . it 's cover in the silver - blue material . int . will facility / MAIN floor - day the vast space be full of otherworldly machine . it bustles with activity . scientist and engineer . carla and Glen , sip they morning coffee , watch Evelyn enter a room with a security door mark restricted access . int . will 's laboratory - day Evelyn enter the vast room . along the wall , we see spider - like robotic limb . they perform experiment in cubby hole laboratory , stack one on top of the other . holographic projector light up and - will appear . a 3-d hologram of he . luminous . a ghost . he guide Evelyn to a table . on it be what look like a high - tech distillery . the machine surround a tank of a graphite - like substance . will 's hologram this be what I want to show you . it 's the nanotechnology . fully functional computing machine ... a robotic arm with a microscope position itself over it . on the lcd wall , will project a feed from the microscope . in it , Evelyn see — machine . move in a frenzy . will hologram ( cont 'd ) the size of blood cell . million of they . each of they be a self - aware consciousness . I be they , and they be network to the whole of I . the application be limitless . Evelyn look up to will 's hologram . will n's hologram ( cont 'd ) they can act as synthetic stem cell . i’1l be able to move past the blood -brain barrier and organize the neurology of the clone . 68 . Evelyn stare at the microscopic machine . fascinate . evelyn it 's a miracle . will 's hologram there 's so much we will be able to do . int . diner — night fhe title page of a wear document : revolutionary independence from technology . Three tweeker , jim , parson , and quake , sip coffee . Jim tap the rift manifesto compulsively . jim you can not read about ‘em . nothin 's on tv . but machine can not stop people from talk . the rift be right . now ... this lady . Evelyn . nobody know what she 's building . and nobody want to know as long as she 's pay ... right ? Jim nod he head to where Martin stand at the counter , pull a wad of cash from he pocket to pay the bill . dim glance back to quake . ext . diner - night Martin move for he truck . the tweeker follow . sense they behind he , Martin make a improvise weapon by splaying he car key through he knuckle . he ready himself . and turn - as Jim kick he in the knee . Martin fall . Jim keep kick ... and kick ... he do not stop , not even after quake get Martin 's cash . a security camera watch . ext . will be facility - night Evelyn race outside with a medic . worker pull Martin 's bloody and batter body out of they truck . the medic hurry to check Martin 's vital . Evelyn take a step closer to see - Martin 's body . beaten beyond recognition . she turn away . above she , one of will 's camera 's watch . she look into it . think , she spring into motion - 69 . int . will 's facility - night Martin 's beat body be strapped to a gurney . Evelyn wheel it through . the medic follow , suspicious . carla , Glen , and other employee follow they . the security door to will 's lab open . carla you be take he into you lab ? evelyn we can save he here . Evelyn wheel Martin in . the security door close after she . int . will 's laboratory - night will 's hologram stand at a medical examination table as she push Martin in . Evelyn try to transfer Martin to the table , but he 's too heavy . will hologram let I help you . Evelyn watch robotic arm uncoil from above she . they lift Martin onto the table . other , with surgical tool , begin prepping Martin 's body for a unknown procedure . the machine work with unnerve speed . Evelyn 's breathe go shallow . the machine slow . aware of she fear . will 's hologram ( cont ’d ) you will be more comfortable outside . Evelyn turn and head for the door . behind she , the machine continue work on Martin . ext . will 's facility - night Evelyn step outside . the security door to the lab lock behind she . the assemble employee watch she . suspicious . glen why be not you take he to a hospital ? evelyn we be go to save he . Evelyn move past they . the employee look at each other . Glen pull she close to whisper - 70 . glen and by '' we '' you mean you and you dead husband ? Evelyn spin to face they . evelyn Glen ... he. we ... we want to save Martin , okay ? we can do this . she walk away . int . will 's laboratory — night the robotic arm move with speed and precision over Martin . a transfusion tube pump nanotechnology into he lifeless body . int . evelyn ‘s residence — night Evelyn stare through the transparent wall at the facility . the construction have stop . evelyn how be he ? will in the wall nothing yet . Evelyn turn back to the view . everything be still . wait . ext . will 's facility -— day Evelyn walk up to a construction site , full of idle worker . she plant she foot . take in they angry stare . JOHN , the foreman , stand and hand she a letter . evelyn what 's this ? JOHN a letter of resignation . evelyn I do not get it , John . you know we be a good company . do good thing . and we take care of you . JOHN it 's not about the money Mrs. caster ... it 's not right what you be do with Martin . ( more ) 71 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) { gesture to the worker ) they feel the same . I be sorry . Evelyn watch John and the man walk away . all of they . ext . the desert valley - night Evelyn wander the emptiness , stare at will 's facility . it shine with a ghostly light in the darkness . int , will 's laboratory - night the robotic arm work on Martin . his eye be open . he crane he neck to watch the robotic arm operate on he . he show no emotion or pain at all . ext . will be facility - day Evelyn , the only person in sight , enter the facility . int , will ‘s facility - day Evelyn 's alone in the giant space . the scientist and engineer be go . she spot carla and Glen , stare out a window . they be scared . as she come closer , curious , carla point at something outside . Evelyn look out at — ext . will 's facility — day Martin , Whole and healthy . work at a new site . alone . Evelyn approach he , cautious . Martin move to a stack of steel plate and lift one with he bare hand , easily 500 pound . he carry the steel onto the new foundation and slam it into position . Evelyn watch , eye wide . he do not look at she as he say - martin you be not afraid , be you ? Evelyn step closer to he . evelyn have you talk to will ? 72 . martin it 's not really talk . it 's kind of non-verbal . like we be the same . he glance at she . she shake she head , confuse . he take a deep breath , try to figure out how to explain - martin ( cont ’d ) Evelyn , you know I should be dead . but will be there , kind of all around , you know ? I be part of all that now . I be here to help you and will . Martin take off he hard hat . a silver - dollar size implant crown he head . martin ( cont ’d ) so here I be . see the confusion on Evelyn 's face , he angle he head toward the empty air ... where will 's hologram appear . will 's hologram Martin be connect . he be partition and autonomous , but he mind can move freely through my network and be connect to the world . it 's the nanotechnology , Evelyn . martin and will can be I , too . evelyn «.. what do that mean ? Martin close he eye . his body sag slightly , like he spirit leave . will 's hologram , keep its eye on Evelyn , step over and merge into Martin 's slack frame . Martin 's eye open . he breathes . take in the breeze . the sun . Evelyn still . from the way he balance shift and the uncharacteristic show of expression , she know it 's - evelyn ( cont 'd ) will ? will in martin it 's I . I can speak to you , feel you now . will take a cautious step toward she . her shoulder tighten . tear fill she eye . 73 . evelyn be it ? be it you ? oh , God ... she try to allow it , but it 's too strange . evelyn ( cont 'd ) what be you do to I !? I can not do this .... I be sorry ... in tear , she run away . will - in- Martin watch she go . int . will 's facility - night carla and Glen turn from the window to stare at the door to will 's lab . the door open . carla and Glen stiffen as will 's hologram emerge . it gesture for they to come inside . slowly , carla move toward the lab . Glen follow . the door shut behind they . ext . desert dream HOTEL - night Roger sit , watch will 's facility . from he sunburn and crack lip , we can assume he 's be out here all day . he roll he eye leave and right , so he can see the other - citizen of the town , on lawn chair and blanket , stare at the light of will 's facility . Roger thumb the steering stick of he chair . and move it forward . his chair whirs he toward will 's facility . a thin woman name sarah , bald from chemotherapy , lift a pair of binocular to watch . in the binoculars : we see Martin erecting the frame of the new building . he 's on the high floor , perhaps thirty foot up , welding . as Roger 's wheelchair approach , Martin - dump off the steel structure . land on he foot , unharme . he walk over to meet Roger . they enter the facility . Sarah drop the binocular . she stand . she walk toward the facility . a few of the other townspeople follow . int . will 's laboratory - night Roger 's atrophy body lay on the table . cable run out of he implant and into the machine all around he . as the nanotechnology circulate into he , he eye roll down to watch he foot . he move it . he roll over . sit up . 74 . he stand . tear stream from he eye . int . will be facility - day a dozen or so sick or disabled people wait . the security door open . Roger emerge , stand ( without he wheelchair ) , fully heal . he move to Sarah , and lead she back inside . Evelyn stand against a wall . watch . worried . ext . will 's facility - night Martin , Roger , Sarah , carla , Glen and a half - dozen other hybrid sit together . watch each other , smile . they do not speak , but its obvious they be communicate . int . evelyn' residence - night Evelyn watch they from she bedroom . will 's in the wall . evelyn you have change they . will in the wall they ask I to . it 's incredible , what they be capable of . evelyn they be all modify ? stronger ? will in the wall I augment they in every way . helped they , and they will help we . Evelyn glance at he , unsure . will in the wall ( cont ’d ) what we be do for this people ... and for the world . it 's good . Evelyn fall silent . will 's hologram focus on she . she manage a weak smile . i/e . anderson 's sedan / desert hill - day a unmark sedan crest the hill and roll to a stop . Joseph and Anderson look down at the valley below they . will 's facility shimmer in the sun . 75 . anderson why could not we see this in the satellite feed ? Joseph check the view against satellite photo , which show no sign of the facility . joseph will must have alter they . anderson why do you think he invite we out here ? joseph after all we have be hearing about this place , I do not know . I really do not . Anderson drive they into the valley . ext . will 's facility - day Evelyn greet Joseph and Anderson as they pull up . evelyn Joseph . good to see you . joseph it 's be too long , Evelyn . Joseph move to embrace she . she pull back , like she be not expect it . then she reverse herself and hug he . tight ... and keep hold he . her shoulder tremble , and Joseph realize she 's emotional . he comfort she . joseph ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... it 's okay ... Evelyn pull away . surprise by she emotion . evelyn I be sorry . it 's just ... it 's good to see a friendly face . he take in she sink eye . her barely hide desperation . he smile like nothing 's wrong . she face Anderson , who gape at the scope of the facility . evelyn ( cont 'd ) it do that to people . she point out the various structure . 76 . evelyn ( cont 'd ) that be will 's processing tower . coolant pump . she lead they over the silver — blue street . evelyn ( cont 'd ) we have cover everything with will 's new solar surface . we export a lot of power to the grid . will ? will 's hologram appear . Joseph freeze in fear . will 's hologram welcome to we project . Joseph , shake , take a step back at the sight of the ghost - like figure . he correct himself with . force politeness . joseph it 's good to see you , will ... this be incredible . what you have do . Joseph make a show of take in the facility . Evelyn watch how he keep casting frighten glance at will 's hologram . int . will facility / server room - day Evelyn lead Joseph and Anderson through a vast server room . row after row of high - technology , descend from the original pinn processing core . every section be partition in a glass enclosure . this cube be stack to dizzying height . Joseph slow , take it all in . joseph we have hear rumor . unbelievable thing . about miracle . I be beginning to think there 's truth to they . Evelyn glance at will 's hologram . will 's hologram we have so much to share . what we be do here be good . int . will laboratory - day Evelyn , Joseph and Anderson stand against a wall , observe . paul sit on a examination table . he 's twenty . blind since birth . he have no eye . 77 . Paul , grip the side of the examination table , hold still as the robotic arm lift he slack eyelid and fill the empty socket with nanotechnology . Joseph glance at Evelyn , who 's full attention be on Paul . Paul 's slack eyelid shift . the fluid move underneath they , shaping itself . his knuckle be white on the table . Joseph , Anderson and Evelyn do not even breathe . Paul , as if on some silent cue , relax . he put he finger over he eyelid and feel . he cock he head , like he 's listen to will 's encouragement . slowly , Paul open he new eye . Dark orb of solid graphite . Paul sit there , like he can not comprehend what 's go on . his eye find Evelyn ... and he smile . she smile back . Joseph and Anderson stare at Paul in open shock . ext . will 's facility — day will 's hologram lead they to the construction site . will 's hologram everything you teach we , Joseph . Roger weld steel without protective clothes or face - shield . he glance at Joseph . will 's hologram ( cont ’d ) everything you tell we technology would deliver , everything you dream and imagine . Martin build a support column , bend rebar with he bare hand . he look over at Joseph and Anderson . will 's hologram ( cont ’d ) the future we all imagine be here . Sarah prepare concrete in a industrial mixer , then lift the drum and vault to the second floor of the structure . she make eye-contact with Joseph . will 's hologram ( cont 'd ) and we can deliver it to the world . Joseph 's smile be fix . but there be terror in he eye . 78 . ext . will 's facility - day Evelyn walk Joseph to he car . Anderson 's already there . Evelyn slow . she gesture to the facility behind she . evelyn do not be afraid . will know exactly what he 's do . it 's all for good . joseph if that 's what he tell you , I be sure it 's the truth . Joseph slip she a note . she 's confuse by the subterfuge , but go along with it . he climb into the car . as Anderson drive they away , she read the note : run from this place . it hit she hard . she slip the note into the pocket of she sweater . turn and walk back to will 's facility . she 's small and alone among the tower structure that be will . i/e . anderson's sedan / desert hill - day Joseph and Anderson drive , processing it all . anderson what do we do ? joseph we go to Washington and tell they the machine be building a army . and we find Max Waters . anderson what !? Joseph go silent . determined . Anderson focus on the road . they pass a outcropping of desert weed . this camouflage a rift militant , snapping photo of the facility . on film . ext . mountain wilderness - day a lone figure walk along a mountain ridge . all around he be a sweeping vista of the wild . the year have change Max . he 's now a tan outdoorsman . it suit he . Max 's comfort with he hunting rifle suggest expertise . Max trace a path down the mountain . 79 . ext . the rift camp — day the population of the camp have swell . recently erect cabin and tent house the new rift militant . Max move past firing range . obstacle course . even a school . as Max walk through , young and old nod respect . Max find bree , Bob and other militant at the armory , huddle around photo . everyone make room for he . Max study the surveillance photo of will 's facility : martin lifting steel girder . roger welding without protection . other hybrid in some kind of meditative trance . bree this be we worst nightmare . everyone be quiet . afraid . Max scrutinize a close - up of Martin . in it , we see the metallic implant . he thumb it . max I know how we can win . bree , Bob and the other look at he like he 's go insane . Max hold up the photo of Martin , so they can see . max ( cont 'd ) we need this hardware . ext . forest - day the low altitude imply we be far from the rift camp . bree spot for Bob , who aim a sniper rifle . a old Jeep bounce up the overgrown log road . ext . forest clearing -— day a large swath of clearcut forest . in the center of it , Max sit on a stump with he rifle . the Jeep roll up . Joseph step out . see the gun in Joseph 's waistband , Max grip he rifle . there 's a tense moment between they . Joseph hold up a handwritten letter . page long . joseph you have terrible handwrite . max I have not practice my cursive since grade school . it 's the only way I could contact you without the machine know . 80 . Joseph study the change man before he . joseph you have be clear of all charge . max it do not matter . the rift be right . we be wrong . Joseph think it over . he give a sad nod . max ( cont 'd ) you have see what it 's do in the desert . the army it 's building . joseph the Pentagon be aware of the threat . max they can not do anything . tank , drone , smart bomb ... they be all control by computer . which be all control by the machine that call itself will . joseph what can anyone do ? do you have a plan ? we need to know . Max , still a little distrustful , look off . max how be Evelyn ? the think of Evelyn pain both of they . joseph she can not see it for what it be . Max nod . satisfied with Joseph 's answer , he hand over the surveillance photo . Joseph study the image . max the machine be make slave . hybrid . they be network to the whole system . we can take one . joseph you want to kidnap one ? have you see what they can do ? they be half machine - 81 . max which mean they be run software . Software I help write . Software I can hack . joseph you want to build a virus . max I need help . we have to keep it secret . we have to stay hide from the machine . and I be go to need some kind of deal for the rift . Joseph think it over . nod . joseph okay . call you man off . Max give a signal . bree and Bob appear with rifle . max now call off yours . Joseph wave . five ops team member in ghillie suit emerge . they have position on Max , bree and Bob all along . Joseph look pleased with himself . Max shrug . dozen of militant appear , with rifle on every position ops team member . Joseph know checkmate when he see it . joseph what do you need ? max anything and everything not control by a computer . early model off-road vehicle . a few square mile of metallic window screen . and I need shovel . a lot of shovel . Max be dead serious . Joseph be terribly confuse . i/e. desert tunnel - night militant labor under a camouflage canopy . Max carry a shovel into a tunnel they be digging . in the tunnel : rift militant and soldier shovel , haul dirt , and erect support beam . they work quickly . 82 . we move past Max . the tunnel go on and on . we lift up through the dirt and reach the surface of the desert . Max 's tunnel run straight at will 's facility , shine like a beacon in the night . int . evelyn 's residence —- night Evelyn and will eat on either side of a table . the sight be a optical illusion . the table press up against a wall . in it , will project a set for himself , symmetrical to Evelyn . they eat in silence . she 's depressed . and drink . will in the wall how 's the food ? I seasoned it specifically for you palate . evelyn it 's perfect . they go back to eat . will watch she . will in the wall I think I have find a way to reverse some of the damage that industry have do to the environment . I have some - evelyn not right now . sorry . will in the wall you have be distant . what 's wrong ? Evelyn do not want to talk . will nod . he fill the walis with a image : they garden back in Boston . but this version of it be lush , full of life and color . she consider the illusion . it do not change she mood . she watch he avatar pretend to eat . she listen to he fake breathe . the clink of he phantom silverware . evelyn why be you make sound effect ? will in the wall it 's like have a meal together . I be sorry . evelyn do not you understand ? it make I feel more alone . do not you get that ? 83. will nod , and the illusion fade . the wall dim to darkness . will 's voice from the room be this better ? Evelyn look around the room . totally alone . evelyn at least it 's the truth . she go back to eat . in silence . ext . will '’s facility - day Evelyn be small among the tower building . Paul and Roger follow she . she glance back at they and shake she head , annoyed . turn a corner , she crash head - on into a woman . evelyn sorry . I do not see you there . be you all right ? the woman do not move . it take Evelyn a moment to realize she 's a hybrid , vacate from she body . Evelyn try to ignore she as she turn to see - Martin and other hybrid be nearly finish with the new , high - technology building . the woman next to Evelyn animate - — will in the hybrid would you like to see - Evelyn flinch , evelyn Jesus ! will ? get the out of there ! will 's hologram step out of the woman and she body go lifeless again . will 's hologram would you like to see inside ? will 's hologram start for the new building . she hesitates , still shaking off the vacant hybrid , then follow . Paul and Roger keep pace . int . nanotechnology distillery - day Evelyn emerge into the cavernous room . the enormous wall flicker with projection of will 's thought . they flash at a speed too fast to comprehend . 84 , what look to be a massive high - tech distillery deposit nanotechnology into a series of pool . the graphite- like material churn in they like a live thing . evelyn be this all nanotechnology ? will in the wall yes . his miracle do not impress she anymore . they frustrate she . evelyn what do nanotechnology have to do with anything ? what do any of this have to do with come back to - will in the wall I can explain it to you . evelyn I be sick of explanation ! it make I feel like a child . like a pet . will in the wall you have to trust I . Evelyn go silent . as she silence lengthen , will make a sad observation . will in the wall ( cont 'd ) you have fall out of love with I . evelyn no. I just ... that 's not true . will in the wall and you have start lie to I . Evelyn search herself . his accuracy unnerve she . evelyn how do you know ? will in the wall because the balance of oxytocin and serotonin be irregular in you endocrine system . Evelyn try to catch up . evelyn wait . you be measure my hormone ? 85 . will in the wall yes . the biochemical ingredient of what the mind process as love . evelyn show I all the information you have on my physiology . now . the wall show a spectrum of image concern Evelyn 's biological makeup . Evelyn tremble with anger . evelyn ( cont ’d ) this be wrong . this be beyond a invasion of privacy . this be my feeling . my thought . you be not allow to know they . Evelyn , angry and hurt , turn away from will 's projection . his hologram appear in front of she - will 's hologram please , Evelyn - evelyn no ! leave I alone ! she walk through he hologram and out of the room . ext . will 's facility - day Evelyn storm out of the laboratory . at that moment - the wall of the main server building explode . debris fly in all direction . Paul and Martin throw themselves in front of Evelyn to shield she . a massive chunk of rock fly through will ' 's hologram . Roger and the other hybrid rush to contain the damage , but secondary explosion knock they off they foot . Evelyn wrestle free of Paul and Martin — evelyn get off I ! will ’'s hologram we be under attack . she scan the street . there 's no trace of a enemy . evelyn where be they ? 86 . Paul , Martin and will 's hologram face different direction . they each see everything the other can . Martin look down . martin they nre under we . subterranean detonation blow hole in the street around they . Max climb out one of the hole , armed with a assault rifle . bree follow . dozen of rift militant pour out . Evelyn see Max . her eye narrow - evelyn Max , you bastard ! what be you do !? Max spot she as Martin lift Evelyn and throw she into the - int . nanotechnology distillery - day Evelyn try to escape but the door slam shut , and lock . evelyn let I out ! will in the wall it 's for you protection . the wall go transparent , so Evelyn can see - ext . will 's facility — day the hybrid fan out to face Max and he militant . a stand - off . will 's hologram materialize right in front of Max . will ‘s hologram do not do this . Max step through the hologram , lift the rifle and ... Max and the rift militant FIRE on the hybrid , riddling they with bullet . the wound pop with nanotechnology . Max unload he machine gun on Martin . Martin drop . int . nanotechnology distillery - day stray bullet pop along the outside of the transparent wali . Evelyn , see the carnage , step back in horror . 87 . ext . will 's facility — day Max empty he clip . soon , all the militant be reloading . as Max shove in a new clip , he see ... Martin climb back to he foot . the hybrid be still alive , and recover . Max and the other human stare . Martin look down at he body , drench with the nanotechnology pour out of he bullet wound . the liquid begin to shift , move with a mind of its own . it cover Martin 's head ... face ... and the entirety of he body . all of the hybrid go through a similar process . the microscopic robot cover they . they solidify . soon , they be encase in cruel - look exoskeleton . Martin step for Max . Max fire , but the bullet be absorb into he body . Max switch to automatic and unload , but Martin dodge the onslaught . Max know its time to - max retreat ! rift militant scramble for the tunnel . Max turn for the close tunnel , but Martin dart for he with a speed that blur the eye . he grab the rifle - and slam Max ten foot back . Max tumble and fall in a heap . bree run to help he , fire a grenade launcher at the approach Martin . Martin dodge it with unnatural celerity . bree pull Max to he foot . Martin and three other hybrid block they path to the tunnel . Max and bree turn and run . Martin and the other chase they . the last of the militant drop into the tunnel . Paul crouch down to see - a rift militant aim a rpg . which he fire . Paul bat the missile away and drop into the tunnel . int . tunnel - day Paul face the militant , who OPEN FIRE ... to no effect . in paul be Pov : his machine eye take image of each human face . in a transparency over he field - of-view , he run facial recognition software and discover ... several of the human have active military status . 838 . int . nanotechnology distillery - day will 's hologram see what Paul see - will 's hologram there be military personnel work with the rift terrorist . evelyn this have go way too far . will 's hologram there be no way they can win . int . tunnel - day see the bullet be useless against Paul , the human run . Paul chase they until he see ~ a grenade launcher . the militant fire . in the tight space , Paul have nowhere to dodge . the grenade explode , blow Paul off he foot . the smoke clear . Paul stand back up , he damage already repair itself . the rift militant lose they enthusiasm . the ceiling give way as five more hybrid drop into the tunnel . the human run like mad . the hybrid give chase . Paul , take the rear , snap the thick support beam , collapsing the tunnel as he go . ext . will 's facility - day Max and bree sprint for the desert . the hybrid gain on they . six old model pickup truck head for they . the rift cavalry . the truck skid to there side , revealing m2 browning machine gun mount to each of they . Bob , man one of the .50 's , open FIRE on Martin . the armor piercing round pocket Martin 's exoskeleton . as soon as Martin hit the ground , he damage start self - repair . Max and bree scramble into the truck bed . the vehicle turn for a line of canyon . Bob cover they retreat with the m2. the hybrid sprint after . Martin , he armor complete the last of its repair , stand up to continue the chase . Bob 's tracer bullet find the close hybrid . the high - caliber round pound the cyborg . machine gunners from the other truck add to Bob 's fire . the hybrid dart and dodge the majority of the round . 89 . Bob keep fire . the hybrid materialize a thick shield . Bob keep fire . thousand of round shred the shield and the hybrid fall . one of the hybrid vault into the air , arc overhead , and crash onto the hood of truck next to Max 's . crushing it . bob we be outgun . Max check the canyon line . they be almost to the ridge . max we will make it . he turn back , only to find - martin , right in front of he . Martin grab the machine gun and rip it from its housing . Bob pull he 9mm pistol and fire the clip ... a minor annoyance . Martin grab Max 's leg . start pull he in . Max kick at Martin , to no effect . the truck enter the canyon . Martin spot militant wave plag . a signal . Martin see the canyon wall around they be cover in insect netting . more of the mesh canopy the open sky , like some giant aviary humming with power . behind they , truck unspool more of the mesh . Martin look back at Max . Max get a little smile . int . nanotechnology distillery - day Evelyn see it , too , realize - evelyn it 's some kind of trap . she glance at will , who might have expect this . ext . desert canyon — day Martin grab the collar of Max 's coat and jump off the truck . Max struggle as Martin drag he back toward will 's city . Max go slack and slip out of he coat . Martin , see the open of the mesh close quickly , pick up the pace , run to get out of the canyon . Bob 's truck reverse back to Max . Bob toss Max a modify harpoon gun . the spear have a piezoelectric tip . 90 . Martin watch as the truck spread the last of the mesh , close off the exit to the canyon . the net hum with energy . Max fire the harpoon into Martin ' 's back . it crackle with a high-voltage shock . Martin seize up and fall , face first . unconscious . as the mesh close like a curtain - i/e. various battleground location - day hybrid in the tunnel , the desert , and will 's facility stop and face the canyon . int . nanotechnology distillery - day the projection of Martin 's Pov be wipe by static . will 's hologram we be not connect to Martin anymore . he 's go . evelyn Max find a way to block you networking signal . some kind of mobile faraday cage . Evelyn watch the static . will 's eye narrow . the screen flash to the pove of a dozen hybrid . they immediately start rush for the canyon . ext , desert canyon — day the hybrid reinforcement arrive at the canyon , but Max and he people be go . so be Martin . ext . desert tunnel - day Paul scour the entrance to Max 's tunnel . the human be go . the hybrid collapse the tunnel . i/e. cargo truck / mountain road - day rift vehicle convoy back they base . Max and bree ride with Martin . he 's cocoon in wire mesh and bound by massive iron brace on he hand and foot . bree what be that stuff that come out of he ? 91 . max nanotechnology . bree what do it do ? max anything the machine want it to do . they watch Martin strain against the brace . ext . will 's facility - day Evelyn and will 's hologram walk through the wreckage of the attack . they take in the shattered street . the smolder data center . some of the hybrid be miss limb . evelyn this be not a attack . it be a distraction . Max want Martin . you have to get he back . will n's hologram he will be fine . evelyn Martin have you source code in he . Max can use it to build a virus . will 's hologram even if Max build a virus , he could never use it . I be interlace with almost every computer in the world . Max would wipe out civilization . evelyn this be not just Max ! you have create a warl will 's hologram I be not go to fight they . I be go to transcend they . Evelyn hear rumbling . like thunder , or ... a flood of nanotechnology shoot out of the large vent etched into the side of the distillery . it crash over the street like a flash - flood ... coursing right at they . Evelyn be close to panic . will trust I . 92 . the flood of graphite hurtle toward she . she brace against the torrent that will surely sweep she away , when - with a glance , will 's hologram part the flood . the graphite cascade around they , and nothing touch Evelyn . the nanotechnology crash against the data center , spread with a mind of its own . it take shape , solidify to repair the damage . the graphite mold itself to replace break equipment and demolish wall until the building look new . the substance envelop the battle - damage hybrid and form itself into replacement limb . the nanotechnology flow beyond the city , cover the dirt and sand of the desert . it spread until the entire valley be one giant sea of obsidian . it become as still as glass . will look to the dark sea , and give it a silent order . Evelyn watch as the nanotechnology begin to shift . it form into small drop that begin lift into the air . it look like black rain , fall into the clear sky . the hybrid fall to they knee . Evelyn watch will 's hologram , in silent awe of he power . but there 's something more in she . a profound disappointment . evelyn this thing you can do . this power that you have ... she take in the reverse-rain . the hybrid . she watch will 's hologram , shimmer in the light . evelyn ( cont 'd ) I do not recognize you anymore . she turn and walk away from he . will 's hologram watch she go , then turn back to the reverse-rain . ext . rift camp — day Max and bree jump out of the cargo truck and help other rift militant unload Martin onto a dolly . Martin see the entire rift camp be canopy in metal netting . the scaffold for the net be wood and nail . it 's jury -rigged , primitive , and effective . 93 . the camp be full of obsolete military vehicle , heavy weapon , and bustles with the activity of a wartime camp . a World War ii - era camp . there be not one computerize weapon here . Max see Martin search for vulnerability . max there 's nothing here the machine can connect to . Max continue escort Martin to the — i/e. cavern entrance - day heavy machine gunners stand guard as Max lead they inside . the cavern wall be cover in the wire . it buzy with power from diesel generator . int . cavern war room - day Max lead they through the rift war room . it 's low - tech , like everything else here . military brass pour over map and make battle plan . see Martin , they salute Max . int . cavern laboratory - day two dozen hacker of all style man computer . older contraption connect by a rat nest of cable . Martin , on a steel table , be chain to the floor . he stare at the computer . Max approach , wear chemical glove . max they be on a close network . you be not go to hijack they . Max nod to Joseph , who turn on a anesthesia machine . Max lift a anaesthetic mask over Martin 's face . he check he watch , timing the dosage . Martin study he , breathe in the anesthesia . he fade . Max examine the metal plate on Martin 's skull . along the edge , the metal and Martin 's skin merge into each other . Max pull over a tray of surgical tool , pick up a electric see , and cut into the metal plate in Martin 's skull . graphite seep out . Joseph dilute the nanotechnology with water and collect it in a reinforce glass container . as the graphite coagulate , he shock it with a live wire . it thin out again . 94 , int . evelyn 's residence - day Evelyn watch as the nanotechnology continue its reverse - rain . will 's avatar appear in the wall . evelyn there will be another attack . they will not give up . not with everything you be capable of . they will never let we be together . will in the wall there be a way . Evelyn get very still . will in the wall ( cont ‘d ) we could be together if you become like I . I can upload you into my network . we could merge into one entity . we will be vast . Immortal . we will have time to think all there be to think , and know all there be to know . Evelyn focus on will 's avatar . a chill come over she . she pull she sweater close . evelyn you be not he . will in the wall of course I be . evelyn no . you be not . you might think you be ... but it 's a lie . will in the wall you be afraid because you do not understand . let I show you . merge you think with mine . we can be one . she shove she hand into the pocket of she sweater . she feel something . Joseph 's note : run from this place . Evelyn make a decision . she run - int . evelyn 's residence / various - day into the hallway . avatar of will materialize all around she . 95 . will in the wall please do not go . Evelyn ignore he , move faster . will in the wall ( cont 'd ) do not leave I . Evelyn , in a full sprint , push outside , where - ext . will 's facility - day will 's hologram step toward she . dozen of hybrid , in tight formation , block she way . will 's hologram do not go . evelyn get out of my way . will nos hologram I can not let you leave . the hybrid do not move . Evelyn stand she ground . in a firm , calm voice , she say ~ evelyn if you love I , you will respect I enough to let I go . the hybrid stare at she . carla , Glen , Paul , Sarah ... one by one , they stand aside . Evelyn pass through the gauntlet . will , in he many form , watch Evelyn climd into she rental car and drive away . as the truck disappear , will 's hologram dim ... and fade away . int . cavern laboratory — day Martin 's lifeless eye stare at nothing ... a chunk of he skull have be saw open ... the graphite - soak grey matter be cover in fiber , a artificial nervous system to supplement Martin 's biological one . this fiber flow into ... will 's metallic implant , remove from Martin 's brain and rest on the table . Max solder fiber-optic cable into the dismantle device . Max finish he work . nod to Joseph . 96 . Joseph execute a function on he computer terminal . the crt screen fill with will 's code . Joseph nod to Max . success . Max relax , exhaling deeply . in Martin 's wound , he see the graphite regrowing the skull and flesh . int . cavern laboratory — day Max , Joseph and the team of hacker huddle around Joseph 's monitor . the amount of code stream over the screen be overwhelming . the assemble team watch . intimidate . joseph I do not even recognize this programming language . Max type in a search , find a specific function . Joseph serutinize Max 's selection . joseph ( cont 'd ) I can read that ... it 's really elegant . max thank you . I write it for the original pinn system . Joseph nod , encourage . joseph okay . we can start here . the hacker fan out to they individual station , bring up copy of Max 's screen , and settle into work - mode . int . cavern laboratory - day the hacker , bleary from the marathon session , write code . every few line or so they post work to the main terminal , where Joseph collate and assemble the virus . he find Max stare at Martin . joseph what do we do with he ? max we find a way to save he . 97 . int . cavern laboratory — day Max and Joseph work around Martin . he 's cocoon in mesh , which be shocking he . as it do , nanotechnology stream out . bree collect it in the tank . finish , Max check Martin 's vital . max we need to get he to a hospital . joseph a secure hospital . ( off Max 's look ) he know too much . we can not have he report back . Bob enter the lab . bob we scout just come in . Evelyn leave the machine . as Max process this , hope wash over he . i/e. evelyn' truck / highway - night it 's raining . hard . even with the windshield wiper , Evelyn have trouble see the road . she spot a motel . int . motel room - night the rain pound outside . Evelyn lay on one side of the bed , stare at the vacant half of the bed . she pull off she wedding ring , place it on the bedside table , and go to sleep . int . motel room — day thunder wake Evelyn . Max stand above she . max do you know the machine be use you as a spy ? evelyn get away from I ! Evelyn scramble away but find Bob , bree and other rift militant behind she . they grab she and wrap she in wire mesh . she kick and claw at they , but there be too many . 98 . max you leave the machine , but the Machine do not leave you . they bind she tightly in the mesh . she struggle . Max grab a cable attach to the mesh . he prepare to connect it toa daisy - chain of car batteries . max ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , Evelyn . this will hurt . Max connect the wire . electricity hit Evelyn . her body go rigid , like the mesh be some improvise defibrillator . Max suffer through Evelyn 's contort agony . Evelyn hear a whine that grow into a high - pitched scream . it sound like digital noise in she head . nanotechnology erupt from Evelyn 's nostril and ear . she vomit more of it . Evelyn would scream if she be not choke . bree , use chemical glove to protect herself , use a glass vial to take a sample of the liquid . when the last of the nanotechnology drop from Evelyn , Max cut the power to the mesh . Evelyn gasp and sputter , stare at the liquid . Max gently pull the net off she . max ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Evelyn . but the machine be inside of you . watch , analyze , and broadcasting everything it see ... Evelyn , freed from the mesh , scramble into the corner of the room . she sit there , tremble . violate . Max glance at he people , who file out into the rain . they be alone . Max give she time to process the ordeal . she never take she eye off the pool of dark liquid . evelyn this be how he do it . he see inside of my head . he know what I be feel . what I be think . max the machine have be lie to you . everything have be a lie . evelyn please ... leave I alone ... 99 . the nanotechnology begin to move toward Evelyn . she flinch away from it . Max softly remind she - max I make a promise . to be here . to wait for you . to protect you . the nanotechnology move closer . Max , see it 's time to go , offer a hand to help she up . she pull away from he . evelyn leave I alone ! max there 's one more thing I need to show you . and then , if you want , I will never see you again . you nve be lie to , Evelyn . please let I show you the truth . the fluid slither closer . Evelyn take Max 's hand . he pull she up . she stop . stare at she wedding ring . she leave it . ext . motel parking lot — day Max hurry Evelyn through the rain and into a truck . bree and Bob be inside , nervous about Evelyn 's presence . Max pull out a medical sample jar , seal in plastic . max this be sterile . the seal be unbroken . you see ? Evelyn nod . Max rip the plastic off the jar , open the cap , and hold it up to the sky . she watch , bewilder , as Max collect rain with it . when he 's satisfied with the amount , he secure the cap . he hand the sample to Evelyn . max ( cont 'd ) this might not make any sense right now . but I want you to keep this in you hand . so you know it be not tampere with during the trip . evelyn the trip ? where be we go ? Max glance at bree and bob. tense . max I be sorry but we can not tell you . not until we know where you stand . 100 . before she can resist , Max put a hood over Evelyn 's head . everything go black . int . rift camp / decontamination room ~ day Max , naked , shiver in the cold water of high - pressure hose that rift militant fire at he . he scrub himself with hard brush until he skin be raw , attempt to rid himself of any trace of nanotechnology . he try to ignore Evelyn 's scream from the other side of a partition . she 's go through a similar decontamination process . it do not sound like she 's willing . int . cavern computer laboratory - day Evelyn , shiver from the cold shower , find herself among enemy . Joseph , the rift militant , and the hacker watch she . Max move into she line - of- sight with a blanket . tender . max do you have the sample ? Evelyn hand he the jar of rainwater . Max put a drop of it on a slide . he place it under a microscope . she scan the cavern . the mesh lining the rock wall . the old computer . the reinforce tank of nanotechnology . max ( cont 'd ) I find they . Max motion Evelyn to the microscope . in the microscope : Water . bacteria . and something else . small bit of graphite . microscopic robot . evelyn this be a random sample of rain ? max keep watch . the nanobot attack trace element in the water , break they down , and use the material to build more nanobot . this process repeat . Evelyn look at Max , terrify . max ( cont 'd ) the machine flood the desert with this nanotechnology . it evaporate , like water . 101 . as Max continue - ext . the sea of nanotechnology - day will stand at the edge of the sea of nanotechnology . the reverse-rain fall into the sky . we follow one of the drop as it fly up . in the atmosphere , it disperse like vapor . max ( v.0 . ) the nanotechnology join the air current . they carry it over the surface of the planet . ext . high altitude wind current - day a nanobot , riding the wind current , set itself upon a bit of particulate matter . and use it to build another nanobot . max ( v.0 . ) wherever it can , it build copy of itself . moisture in the air condense around the nanobot . it become a drop of rain . the rain fall , carry the nanotechnology . ext . various location - day rain fall on city , on forest , over the sea . wherever it land , the nanotechnology build more copy of itself . max ( v.0 . ) they be in the sky , the water , the land . everything . they be spread exponentially . ext . outer space - day a view of Earth . the mix of color show land , sea and cloud . Dark rivulet of nanotechnology run over the surface of the planet . the darkness spread . max ( v.o. ) we estimate it 's over about four percent of the planet . by winter , it will be at sixteen percent . the graphite bloom out over the world , marble the planet . 102 . max ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) by next summer , the machine will have encase the entire planet in nanotechnology . the darkness spread until the land , sea and cloud be go . the entire planet shimmer in monochromatic graphite . int . cavern computer laboratory — day Evelyn , listen to Max , be ghost white . evelyn no ... max the nanotechnology be turn the planet into a part of the machine . the entire Earth will be exploit to serve its intelligence . Evelyn , unsteady , try to breathe . evelyn this be impossible ... max without water , or land , or resource , every plant , animal and person will die . the machine wiil be the only thing leave . the entire planet will be its brain . evelyn no ... why would he use he ability to destroy the earth rather than heal it ... will would never do this ... Max grab she , firm , to finally convince she — max it 's not will . in Max 's eye , she finally see . fear , guilt and panic crash into she . she can not breathe . everyone stare at she , furious . she stumble , panic , out of the lab . int . cavern war room — day she pass more people , they face blur . she pick up she pace , racing for the entrance to the cave . Max follow she . 103 . ext . cave entrance - day Evelyn reach the daylight . pant in the fresh air , she look out at the rift camp . the family . the child . Max move next to she . Silent . allow she to process ... evelyn all this people . everything . everyone be go to die . and it 's my fault . Evelyn can not hold back any more . she cry . mournful . grief - stricken . guilty . Max wrap she in he arm and hold she , protective , as she weep . ext . rift camp — later Max lead Evelyn through the camp . Evelyn take it all in . he point out the jury-rigged mesh that enclose the camp . max the mesh be charge with a electromagnetic pulse . it block the machine 's signal . it keep we hide . it 's ugly , but it work . we call it the cage . she see he burden of responsibility . he 's become a leader . max ( cont 'd ) the machine have not attack we yet . but every hour that pass , it 's that much more powerful . it will not be long before it overwhelm we . Max ignore the suspicious look throw at Evelyn from everyone they pass . he lead she to a cabin . int . rift cabin — day Max show Evelyn into the primitive little room . max it 's not much , but you will have privacy . she ease herself onto the cot . Max do not speak . he watch she , stare off into space . as the silence lengthen , he start to go . she stop he with - 104 . evelyn the virus . do it work ? Max tense . if she know about it then - max the machine know about the virus ? Evelyn nod . Max consider he next move . int . cavern laboratory - day Joseph and the assemble hacker look up as Max sit Evelyn down at a workstation . she read through the virus 's code . evelyn no . you be not think big enough . Evelyn take a position at the terminal and get to work . Max watch she laser- like focus . he settles in next to she . int . cavern computer laboratory - night bree snap on she chemical glove . she place the vial of nanotechnology from the motel on a work table . Evelyn watch Max line the vial with wire transmitter . Max nod to Joseph , who execute the virus from he terminal . Evelyn focus on the vial of nanotechnology . a soft digital noise sound from the implant . the virus . nothing happen . then , suddenly - the nanotechnology erupt inte frenzied movement . it turn solid . small fissure form on its surface . its color change from shimmer graphite to a dull black . it turn into lifeless dust . Max and Evelyn share a satisfied nod . Max face the other . max once it connect , the virus will wipe out anything with the machine 's code on it . Evelyn study the dead nanotechnology . evelyn the machine 's code be on every computer connect to the Internet . Max go quiet . Joseph pale . bree have no idea why . 105 . bree so ? evelyn the virus will wipe out all the connect system in the world . the power grid , water treatment plant , the global economy ... people will go without food , water or heat . million will die . they fall silent , consider the consequence . Max , very softly , remind they - max billion will live . Evelyn look at Max . they have no choice . joseph how be we go to introduce it to the machine 's network ? max the facility be the center of its intelligence . it broadcast its signal from there . bree it will never let we in . Evelyn feel they desperation . evelyn the machine want to upload I into its consciousness . everyone go still at the confession . evelyn ( cont 'd ) i’1l inject infect nanotechnology into myself , carry the virus to the machine and upload it at the facility . Joseph be move by she willingness . bree suspect it . Max can not accept it . max Evelyn . no . evelyn there 's no other way . 106 . joseph she 's right . Max stand there , shaking he head . he leave . Evelyn follow he . Joseph watch , he face line with worry . ext . rift camp perimeter - night Max stare at the tree beyond the perimeter of the cage . Water from the recent rain fall in a soft patter through the wood . Evelyn join he . evelyn I '' sorry for be cruel to you . for call you my enemy , when you have be my friend . max I understand . on a leaf , moisture from the rain collect into a drop of water . Inside the drop of water , there be a small fleck of darkness . a nanobot . it watch they . ext . will 's facility - night will 's hologram watch more and more citizen from the town file into he facility . he stop . sense something . he turn to face east . ext . rift camp perimeter - night the drop of water inch along the leaf , watch . Evelyn look into Max 's eye . evelyn I have to do this . max «+. T know . she take he hand . he soak it in . the drop of water well on the edge of the leaf . and fall . ext . will 's facility ~ night will 's hologram , see enough , fade . 107 . int . cavern war room — day Evelyn , Max and Joseph stand at a work table , coiling copper wire into the inside of artillery ammunition . a team of military personnel watch , include colonel stephen . evelyn when the machine detect the virus , it all use everything it have to fight it . the less hardware it have , the more vulnerable it will be . max the modify artillery will cause a electromagnetic pulse and fry any computer system in the blast radius . hybrid . nanotechnology . everything . Colonel stephen look like he just eat something sour . colonel stephen so we be betting the house on Mrs. caster bluff a computer that 's a million time smarter than she be . evelyn hundred of million of time smarter . yes. Colonel stephen size up Evelyn . colonel stephen hope you get a good poker face . int . evelyn 's cabin in the rift camp - day the sun stream into the cabin . Evelyn sit there . a tranquility have come over she . Max enter softly . max we attack at dawn . she stand . ready for what be to come . int . cavern computer laboratory - day Evelyn watch Max mix water into the dead nanotechnology . he pull the solution into a syringe . she roll up she sleeve . Max find a vein on Evelyn 's arm . inject the virus . 108 . tender , he start roll she sleeve back down . she let he . he take he time . he button she sleeve into place . they make eye contact . ext . rift camp - day the entire camp be mobilizing . militant and soldier prepare truck , artillery and weapon for the attack . Max and Joseph walk Evelyn to a pickup . she take the wheel . nothing need to be say . she drive to the perimeter of the cage . the rift guard let she through . Max and Joseph watch she go . int . cavern war room — day Max and Colonel stephen lean over map of will 's swath of desert . Joseph , bree , Bob , and officer huddle around . colonel stephen qur weapon be simple . cannon , bullet and explosive . we will have radio silence until the battle be over so keep to you time line . keep you team focus . max we only have to hold out long enough for the virus to hit . so fight . everyone move out . ext . rift camp perimeter - day in a old truck , Bob drive Max and bree . the convoy behind they transport artillery and infantry . the military troops and rift militant mix together . the vehicle splash through a puddle of muddy water . in it , there be small tendril of graphite . ext . will 's facility - day will 's hologram see the come assault . at a silent signal , the hybrid stop they work . they form a perimeter around the facility , stand at the edge of the sea of nanotechnology . 109 . ext . desert hill outside of brightwood - dawn Max 's army take position . they set up a long line of howitzer artillery cannon , aim toward will 's facility . Max check he harpoon gun and quiver of ammo . Bob lift a baseball bat he 's wrap with needle from multiple stun gun . the wire run into battery pack on he belt . he shove the stun bat into a sheath on he back . bree , Colonel stephen , and Joseph make adjustment to gear . ext . brightwood — dawn Transport truck enter the town . infantry , carry weapon and gear , spread out over the main street . they lay explosive . position mortar . ext . desert hill outside of the town - dawn Max lift binocular . he have a clear line of sight down MAIN STREET , where he people prepare . he track through the town , past the town hall , the desert dream HOTEL , and settles he attention on will 's facility . he see the hybrid . row after row of they , people of all age and race , still as statue . stephen eye they , too . colonel stephen why be not they attack ? Max scan the sea of nanotechnology . at the northern shore of it , he find the headlight of Evelyn 's pickup . max maybe it do not want to risk put Evelyn in danger . i/e. evelyn 's truck / sea of nanotechnology ~ day Evelyn pull to a stop at the edge of the dark sea . glancing leave , she see the army take position on the edge of town . she face will 's facility , on the other side of the sea of nanotechnology . she look at the calm sea , block she path . the nanotechnology begin to shift ... and the sea of part . it form a narrow path , wide enough for she truck . a clear line to the facility . 110 . she shove she truck into drive , and roll into the sea ... in she rear view mirror , she see the path close behind she . she breathes , try to stay calm ... ext . desert hill outside of the town - day Max watch Evelyn 's truck cross the sea ... ext . will 's facility - day Evelyn drive out of the sea . the path behind she crash shut . she stop . climb out of the pickup . stillness . she watch the statuesque hybrid for a sign of threat . they population have grow , perhaps the entire citizenship of the town . they ignore she . she look for - evelyn will ? nothing . she weave through the hybrid , make she way to the facility 's entrance . she look up at a security camera . evelyn ( cont ‘d ) will ? I be here . I be back . the door to the facility open . the silhouette of a man appear . Evelyn catch she breath as she see — will caster . Whole and healthy . flesh and blood . her husband . Evelyn 's face contort with terror and devotion . evelyn ( cont 'd ) my God ... this be impossible ... as he approach , she try to contain she feeling . she take in he face . his perfect imperfection . evelyn ( cont 'd ) will ... what do you do ? will I find a way back to you . she can not resist it anymore . she dart toward he , wrap he in she arm , and weep . ext . desert hill outside of the town — day Max and bree watch through they binocular . dll . bree what be that ? be that he ? max it 's everything she want but , no , it 's not he , ext . will '’s facility - day Evelyn , eye shut , realize he 's not return she embrace . he watch she . wary . distrustful . in he sad , suspicious eye , she see bit of graphite . she step back . evelyn you be a hybrid . will yes . why do you come back ? Evelyn unconsciously touch where she injected the virus . will watch . Evelyn realize she tell . correct it . evelyn Max . he 's about to attack . will glance at the military buildup on the far side of town . will I know . you need to leave now . Evelyn , conflict , steel herself to the task at hand . evelyn I leave you once . I be not leave you again . will you will die if you stay here . evelyn not if I become like you . you say you want to upload I . I realize , now , I want that , too . he study she , inscrutable . wait for more information . evelyn ( cont ’d ) I be wrong to leave you . I be afraid . Evelyn look into herself , and touch she grief . 112 . evelyn ( cont 'd ) I can not live without you . alone . I be not leave you again . I want to be with you . I be ready to be a part of you . the emotion in she confession make she wonder if it 's true . will take in every minute detail of she . will you heart be in palpitation . you be perspire , tremble , and breathless . the way you be correct you balance suggest severe lightheadedness ... ( a sad diagnosis ) Evelyn , you be terrify of I . evelyn I be afraid you do not love I anymore . that you can not . will , conflict , come to a painful conclusion . will I do not believe you . Evelyn , know she 's fail , breathes . she step closer to he . touches he . look into he eye ... and lie . evelyn trust I , will . please trust I . will stare into she , struggle with love and suspicion . ext . desert ridge - day Max and bree see will 's struggle . max this be not work . bree it can not love she . not really . that 's impossible , right ? max we be out of time . open fire . stephen get a sour look . colonel stephen what about Evelyn ? 113 . max we need to force it to upload she . he will protect she . open fire . stephen nod and signal the howitzer team to - colonel stephen open firel ext . will nos facility — day Evelyn and will see the flash of cannon fire . the sky scream with income artillery . she immediately see Max 's strategy . the tragic effectiveness of it . she turn to will . evelyn please , will . there 's no time . you have to upload I . will glance at she . make he decision . will no . in a blur of motion all around they , wave of nanotechnology rise from the street and building . it shape itself into protective wall around will , Evelyn and the hybrid . the artillery explode into the wall . Evelyn and will take shelter behind one . he cover she , protect she from the concussive blast and the debris raining down on they . Evelyn look up to will , and find he stare into space . concentrate on ... ext . the sea of nanotechnology - day NORTH of max's position : the nanotechnology begin to move ... it spread out over the shore ... move up the slope of the hill ... and turn its current for Max 's line of artillery ... south of max 's position : a similar phenomenon happen . the nanotechnology move to flank Max 's cannon . ext . desert ridge — day the artillery keep blasting . Max and the other , through binocular , watch the hammering of the protective wall . max Fire the emp . 114 . at stephen 's signal , the howitzer team load modified shell . ext . will be facility - day boom . the emp round blow into the shield of the main processing building . Evelyn see will flinch at the impact . like the blow hurt . the artillery crater the wall . but instead of it be immediately repair by more nanotechnology , the protective wall fissure and crumble . like a ice shelf fall into the sea , the entirety of a 12 yard radius around the blast area fall ... crash . will lead Evelyn away to the edge of the compound , away from the blast . the protective wall move with they . another blast . nanotechnology crash . will flinch . evelyn it 's hurt you . he flinch at another boom . will why be they do this ? what do they hope to accomplish ? Evelyn watch he . mute , she look away . will ( cont 'd ) it do not matter . will close he eye , focus on ... ext . the sea of nanotechnology - day the nanotechnology flow out of the sea and spread over the facility . it move up the building and protective wall compromise by the emp . in a ariel view : we see the artillery fire be overwhelming . so much nanotechnology have to be replace that the facility look like a giant sinkhole for the sea . ext . desert ridge - day Colonel stephen smile at the damage . Max check the hybrid , who watch the destruction from the protective wall . 1is. max why be not it fight back ? between the boom of the cannon , Max can hear faint scream . he check he side . his eye go wide . at the south end of the line of howitzer : nanotechnology spider webs over the big cannon . the man run . the graphite pour up the gun , disable the firing pin and dismantle the weapon with extreme precision . there 's a enormous crack as the nanotechnology crush the machinery of the heavy weapon . Broken , its piece fall . max ( cont 'd ) oh ... at more scream , Max whip to see - the NORTH end of the howitzer : the furthest cannon meet a similar fate . the graphite stream closer , fall on the next big gun , and leave it a pile of inoperable part . desperate militant and soldier lift rifle and FIRE into the mass of graphite ... the bullet pop into it , ineffective , they nanotechnology reach they , wrap around they , it solidify , binding they in some kind of straight jacket . stephen look to the close team , who have stop fire to stare , agog , at the monstrous graphite . colonel stephen fuck be you do !? keep fire ! the team nod , double they pace , and fire . ext . will 's facility —- day boom . a round slam into the wall protect will and Evelyn . the nanotechnology crumble . but before more can replace it , there 's the scream of another shell . will spin to Evelyn - will get down ! artillery explode into the break wall . the blast send they fly . debris rain all around . ext . desert ridge - day Max , see the blast , pale . 116 . no . ext . will 's facility - day Evelyn come to , cover in bit of rubble . batter and disorient , she only think be for - evelyn will ? she drag herself up . will be already crawl to she . see she , he freeze . Evelyn follow he focus to discover ... shrapnel , lodge in she gut . there 's a lot of blood . Evelyn lose strength . slump . will 's eye narrow in fury . he face Max 's army , scream in rage and agony . ext , will be facility - day Paul , Roger , carla , Glen ... every single one of the hybrid turn toward Max . ext , desert ridge -— day Max see , through the binocular , every single hybrid , hundred of they , stare right at he . they be furious . Max swallow whatever just catch in he throat . max here they come , ext . will facility / brightwood - day the hybrid charge . running faster than humanly possible . leaping from the roof of the building . mortar team and infantry with rpgs fire into the hybrid . boom . boom . explosive slow down the hybrid . some fall , but most reach the infantry and fall into close combat . ext , MAIN STREET ~ day — a hybrid leap to a mortar 's position . it grab the weapon , bash the surround soldier , and crush the mortar . 117 . - a hybrid barrel for a squad , dodging the harpoon they FIRE . the man drop behind a car to reload . the hybrid slide the car out of the way and crack the soldier unconscious . - a squad of eight man fire into hybrid from behind a low wall . two hybrid crash through it and bludgeon the squad . ext . desert ridge - day Max watch the infantry be overrun . he focus on will 's facility , where will hold Evelyn . a soldier race past he . a militant shove by . Max realize the entire army be sprinting toward the town . he turn - a massive wave of nanotechnology crash into the remain artillery . it crush the last cannon ... pull man under its current ... and move directly for ... Joseph . Joseph start to run , but the graphite reach out - grab Joseph ~ and tentacles of the graphite material pin he to the ground . Max move to save Joseph , but bree and Bob grab he . and run . ext . will 's facility - day will focus on Evelyn . he cradle she in he arm . tender . she touch he face . will look into he hand . nanotechnology seep out of he skin and pool in he palm . he pour it onto she wound . she make a weak , fearful moan . will it will take some time , but it will heal you . evelyn' Pov : of will 's face . calm and comforting . will ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I have you . we fly , at light speed , into will 's pupil and thrust into he universe ... we see everything he do . the perspective of every hybrid , every processor , security camera , speck of nanotechnology ... on evelyn : awed by the transcendent experience of glimpsing the vast scope of will 's mind . 118 . ext . MAIN STREET - day Max , bree , Bob and stephen take cover among the vehicle station on the outskirt of town . Max check the state of the facility . crater , smoke , fire ... but the structure still stand . max the machine be upload the virus . we have to blow that processing center and slow it down . bree how ? we lose we artillery . all along Main Street , the battle rage . bullet , explosion , and hybrid swarm everywhere . Max , look for option , point to the surround vehicle . max we drive explosive into the facility . detonate everything . Bob and bree nod . stephen run back along the line , bark order . troops climb into four old truck . Max , Bob and bree load themselves with gear . Max shove c4 into a kit bag . bree stuff fmp grenade into a bandolier . Bob arm himself with a rpg and spare rocket . they scramble into a old bronco , lead the small convoy . i/e . will 's consciousness / will 's facility - day evely n 's eye open . will shine with radiant light . she find the liquid saturate she wound shine like will . evelyn it 's incredible . this be you network ? will part of it . the sound of battle bring she back to the mission at hand . evelyn I want you to connect I to everything . will get a sad smile . 119 . will you be talk to I like a computer again . evelyn I ... I just want to see you . the whole of you . please ? will nod . close he eye . a pulse of ENERGY shoot out of he . it fly in all direction , illuminate everything in its wake . the light cascade over the facility . the building ignite with energy . as it wave over the valley , the nanotechnology fill with energy . each of the hybrid illuminate , become bright as star . the wave of energy circle the entire Earth . every aspect of will , the world over , shine bright with sentient think . large part of the world be dim , but around the major hub of human civilization , will 's awareness blaze with life . on evelyn : who can barely process what she 's see ... she face the world , awed , scan the horizon of this world . evelyn ( cont 'd ) I can see ... everything ... Evelyn spot something beyond the horizon . evelyn ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? evelyn 's Pov : race , at the speed of light , over desert , city , hill , and stop , in a satellite view , to hover over - a patch blackness in the shine world . part of the mountain have be redact from she vision . on evelyn and will : see hundred of mile away with the ease of look across a room . evelyn ( cont 'd ) why can not I see there ? will that 's the rift Camp . they be block my signal . ext . MAIN STREET / the convoy - day the convoy of four old vehicle move out . 120 . in the bronco : Bob lean out a window with he rpg . Max secure the bag of c4 and ready he harpoon gun . bree ready a emp grenade ... scream from behind they , Max shove he head out the window and look back . at the end of the convoy : the flanking nanotechnology spread over the truck at the end of the convoy . Soldiers escape as the nanotechnology disassembles the vehicle . max let 's go ! bree slam the accelerator ... Max look into the side - mirror and see ... nanotechnology lift and crush another vehicle . Max look in front of they ... where the hybrid be charge . Bob fire he rpg . the emp grenade rocket into the enemy 's charge . boom . hybrid fly in all direction from the blast . still more come . Max lean out the window and fire a harpoon . drop one . bree lob a emp grenade . boom . more hybrid fall . ext . MAIN STREET / town hall - day a dozen hybrid see Max 's success . share a wordless communication , they leap into activity and fill the street with large debris —- old crt monitor , tvs , computer , and a old telephone booth . i/e. humvee / MAIN STREET — day Max and bree see the hybrid pile debris . max they be make a roadblock . she accelerate , roaring the humvee faster . Max give a look . bree fuck it . Bob , see she intend to breach the roadblock , strap in . outside : the hybrid , see the bronco about to ram into they , calmly walk out of danger . we hear the beep - beep -beep of a large truck , back up ... 121. in the bronco : Max and bree go stiff as the large truck move to reinforce the roadblock . they brace themselves as - — they slam through the barrier , only to impact the truck -— crash - it stop they , dead . in the broco : Max , groggy , be dimly aware of movement . he lift he harpoon gun - fire - one of the hybrid go down . another grab the door and rip it off the vehicle . it take Max and slam he against the truck . Max slump to the ground . the hybrid step over he . nanotechnology pool in its hand . they hybrid pour it onto Max . it morph into restrain brace around Max 's wrist . Bob stumble out of the bronco - lift he stun-bat - crack the hybrid - the SHOCK blow the hybrid back ten foot . Bob swing - shock a hybrid - swing - shock another . bree move to help Max up . orient himself , Max see - — the convoy have stop . the nanotechnology , flanking they position , disappear more and more vehicle . Soldiers and militant run and hide in the town all around , cover they retreat with harpoon , grenade , and rpgs . the nanotechnology chase they , morph into restraint around soldier . straight -jacket around the militant . it cocoon Colonel stephen . encase he . Max watch , bewilder . then , sense danger , he see - five hybrid step close . bree toss a emp grenade into they - boom . as the smoke clear , ten more come . bob time to go ! Max , come to he sense , see the kit bag - still in the bronco . he move for it . bob ( cont ’d ) wrong way , Max . Max grab the bag of c4 and race off with bree and Bob ... head for the facility . three wounded hybrid lay on the ground . carla , Paul and Roger . the surround hybrid pour nanotechnology over they . it seep in and carla , Paul and Roger stand . 122. ext . MAIN STREET - day bree and Bob race toward the desert dream HOTEL . Max , look back , see the hybrid heal each other . he take in he surroundings . Burning building . crater street . a break main spill water all over . Max realize the hybrid - dozen of they - stand in it . Max turn to Bob - max rpg . Bob kneel down and aim the rpg at a clutch of hybrid . max ( cont 'd ) not at they ... there - Max , restrain , use both he arm to point Bob to a new target . Bob get a little grin , aim - — whoosh ! the rpg rocket into a power line . the explosion splinter the wooden pole - which fall , snapping power cable - which drop in the water - electrocuting the hybrid . Max , Bob and bree hustle for will 's facility . behind they — the live wire whip the water . each time it do , the hybrid contort . and with each lash of the power line - i/e . will 's consciousness / will 's facility - day will wince ... and wince again . Evelyn watch . evelyn be you okay ? will point toward the city . her consciousness fly to the body of the hybrid , flickering with light as the power line electrocute they . will I be cut the power . ext . MAIN STREET — day the power line stop sparking as the power be cut . the hybrid stop writhing and lay there . lifeless . 123. i/e . will consciousness / will facility - day Evelyn keep she attention on Main Street . we hover over the hybrid in this digital / analogue world . the spark of they be flicker in and out . evelyn can they feel anything ? will of course they can . will concentrate . the shimmer wall of nanotechnology dissolve and flow toward the town . Evelyn look away . will watch she , realize - will ( cont 'd ) you do not believe I . even feel what you be feel . why ? Evelyn watch the shine nanotechnology all around they . her eye be hard . disbelieve . will ( cont 'd ) I know you think I be a liar . a monster . but you be wrong . we devote we life to technology because we be convinced that it would help humanity ... evelyn why be it grow , exponentially , all over the planet ? it 's in the air . the rain . will have you forget who I be ? will , gentle , reach for she . she pull away . will ( cont ‘d ) let I show you . please . she let he take she hand . her eye widen , and we flash to : billowing smokestack of massive factories : interlace with the black smoke be the iridescent trace of nanotechnology . will ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the nanotechnology build itself out of pollutant . they self - replication heal the ecosystem . 124 . water way darken by industrial chemicals teem with nanotechnology . it attack the toxic waste . will ( v.0o . ) ( cont ’d ) they purify water . clean the air . evelyn 's awareness move to : nanotechnology enter vast landscape of clearcut rainforest . in time lapse : we see the process of reforestation so fast it look like the green of the flora be pour onto the barren land . will ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) they help facilitate condition for reforestation . in a few year , the air will match the atmospheric condition the world have before the industrial age . Water will be pure enough for a person to drink out of any river in the world . on evelyn : she look to will . evelyn be that true ? will I never want to hurt anything . especially you . Evelyn look down . the iridescent nanotechnology saturate the wound in she abdomen . evelyn why do not you tell I this before ? will you say you be sick of explanation . you say it make you feel like a child . a pet . Evelyn , guilty , have to look away . ext . desert dream HOTEL - day Bob point to the facility , where the nanotechnology course for they . max we gotta get to higher ground . fhey run for the hotel and race up its external stair . the nanotechnology flow past they ... 125 . position themselves on the second floor , they watch the graphite stream over the fall hybrid . one by one , they stand up . they begin move for the hotel . Max , grip a stun gun between he restraint , look below . there be fifty hybrid . nanotechnology swirl at they foot . bree lob a grenade . one of the hybrid bat it away - bam - the explosion turn a patch of nanotechnology to dust . it 's quickly replace by more . check she bandolier , she find no more grenade . bree no more emp . a hybrid leap up but , before it land , Bob slam it away with he bat . a hybrid reach into the graphite and pull up a sphere of nanotechnology . it throws the sphere - lightning fast - which crash into Bob , knock the big man against the wall . the sphere morph - wrap around Bob - and clamp itself to the wall - pin Bob . before Max and bree can even process what happen , another sphere slam bree against the wall - restrain she . Max grab the bag of c4 . kick open a door . stumble inside . i/e . will 's consciousness / will 's facility - day will watch as Evelyn avert she eye . will I nve finish upload you consciousness . you be partition and autonomous . on will : as he attention fly , at light speed , to a satellite feed of the North East . we fly toward Boston , into - evelyn and will garden : where , in the corner , there be a black patch in the light of will 's network . similar to the rift Camp . nanotechnology dust fly into it , settles on a leaf of ivy , where moisture collect it into a bead of water . at will n's facility : Evelyn , dizzy , try to orient herself . evelyn why do you take I there ? 126. will it 's a safe place . it 's home . evelyn I do not know . you just need to show I . I believe you , now ... I know it 's you ... will get a soft smile . they stand there , close . a shadow form in the light . Evelyn look down at where they touch . the energy in she arm fill with shadow . a darkness in the light . the virus . evelyn ( cont 'd ) will , I have do something . please let I go . will look down and see the shadow slither into he . Evelyn watch the dull black of the virus begin to overtake he light . it stream out , in tendril , in all direction ... will Evelyn . what do you do ? evelyn I be sorry ... I do not know ... i/ E. the desert dream HOTEL - day Max pull the bag of c4 with he . the hybrid enter the room . Max scramble back . Hit a wall . the hybrid surround he . the hybrid , as if hearing a silent alarm , stop . they go tense . Max look down at he restraint . small fissure form in the graphite . the restraint begin to crumble . he pull he arm apart . free . the hybrid begin to stumble . Max stand . one by one , the hybrid fall . nanotechnology begin seeping out of they . Max push outside , where - Bob and bree pull free of the crumbling nanotechnology . max the virus . it 's work . bree let 's blow shit up . the three race for the facility . 127 . i/e . will 's consciousness / will 's facility - day Evelyn see more of the blackness coursing out of she and into will . the virus fill he . he look at she , anguish . will I can feel it . infecting everything ... frantic , she grab he tighter . as she do , more of the darkness flood into he . ext . will 's facility - day Max , bree and Bob sprint through the facility . all around they , the nanotechnology churn in a frenzy . it crystalize and fragment into dust . they enter the processor building . int . will 's facility - day Max toss Bob brick of c4 . Bob set they . bree follow , roll trigger wire and plugging in detonator . Max glance at the wall - flashing with will 's thought - he slow as he realize most of the image be of Evelyn . i/e , will 's consciousness / will 's facility - day Evelyn watch the shadow of the virus dim everything in will . everything in she . she wince in pain . she look down and find she wound have turn black . will the nanotechnology be die . without it , I can not heal you . ext . various location on the battlefield - day Joseph kick he way out of the cube . stands . make he way down the hill . all around he , militant and Soldiers escape from they nanotechnology restraint . stephen break free from the graphite cocoon . stephen get to the facility ! everyone start make they way through town . all over the battlefield , the hybrid lay still . graphite stream out of they , and die . 128. they be leave in the condition they be in before be augment with nanotechnology . human and vulnerable . i/e . will consciousness / will 's facility - day Evelyn 's wracked by another pain . will reach toward she wound . the blackness stream out of she . her wound start stream blood again . will , weep graphite , call to - will Max ! int , will ‘s facility - day as Max set the last of the explosive , will 's avatar fill the wall . there 's static . will 's image flicker in and out . will avatar Max ! help I ! she 's die ! I can not save she ! Max slow . unsure . will ‘s avatar ( cont ’d ) you have to help she ! please ! bree , see Max stand there , grab he and shake he . bree do not listen ! Bob pull Max as bree run the trigger wire outside . ext . will 's facility - day Max , bree and Bob take cover . Bob ready the detonator . will 's avatar fill the wall of the building . Max can not ignore the sheer panic and anguish in will 's plea - will 's avatar Max ! you promise I you would protect she ! Max go absolutely still . Max squint at will 's avatar in the wall , like he can barely recognize - max e+. will ? 129 . Bob press the detonator . the building quake with internal explosion . the ceiling collapse . the wall cave in . will 's facility turn into a mess of fire , smoke , and debris . i/e . will 's consciousness / will facility - day Evelyn , die , watch as the last of will 's light be snuffed out by the virus . he look at she . Gentle . will you be my life . a dark SHOCK - wave blast out of he , everything bright in this world go dark . the blackness radiate over the valley and beyond . a black void . a silent nothing . ext . planet earth we fly into the dark side of the planet . below we , we see the glimmer of artificial light over the major city of the world . one by one , they all go black . the world be plunge into darkness . ext . will 's facility - day evely n 's eye open . she 's back in she body . blood pour out of she wound . she 's hold will 's hand . his body bleed nanotechnology . his eye open slightly . hand grab she , turn she . check she vital . it 's Max , try to save she life . when he see she wound , he slow . evelyn Max , I be stay with he . she turn back to will . they make eye contact . the life fade from they , they try to cherish every detail before ... they die . hand intertwined . they still , lifeless eye start into each other . Max , stare at they through he tear , do not look away . ext . brightwood street - day Joseph and stephen , walk toward the facility , look around at they troops . they be batter and bruise , but they be all stand . they be all alive . 130 . joseph my God . he do not kill any of we . even the hybrid be alive . all of they . they have revert back to they original state . Roger be paralyze . Paul can not see . ext . desert valley - day the town be silent . the ruin of will 's facility smolder . the sea of nanotechnology have turn to dust . the desert breeze blow through , carry it away ... fade to : int . data CENTER , boston - day a endless row of computer server stand lifeless and dark . illuminate only by a long row of skylight above . there be no power . two man walk through . Max , in dirty jeans and a stain coat . Joseph be ungroom . they take in the dark building , still as a tomb . joseph how be it out there ? have you find anything ? max no. nothing . I hear Tokyo have power . Berlin , too . but they be just rumor . joseph nobody 's connect ? max no. no phone . no internet . no power . nothing . they walk in silence , both lose in think . Max take in the lifeless machine all around they . joseph you know we be rebuild the same system ? Max go silent . they move to the exit , guard by soldier with assault rifle . joseph ( cont 'd ) let I know what you find . 131 . Max walk away . Joseph move back into the facility . int . looted townhouse - day Max take in the abandon home . Water stain . debris . pile mattress suggest squatter have come and go . the floorboard be scavenge for firewood - the char evidence be in the fireplace . in the center of the room be a pile of discard cell phone , laptop , and tablet machine . Max grab one of the phone . he lean against a wall . he slide into a crouch . he turn the phone over in he hand . it 's dead . his breathe quicken as he fight back emotion . wrapping he arm around he knee , he wait for the sensation to pass . he sit there . alone . max I be sorry . outside , the rain have stop . the day brighten . Max look to the rear of the house . something arrest he attention . he make he way through the 19th century townhouse . int . data CENTER ~- day Joseph , walk through the long row of machine , slow . stop . look up at a lifeless server . ext . garden — day Max step into the garden , which be lush and full of life . ivy cover the wall . Flowers of every shape and color . the garden contrast everything we have see of this world . in a corner rest a set of vintage garden furniture . a small table , two chair . Dark , lightly rusted metal . Max stare at the empty seat . Water from the recent rain drip in a percussion . as it do - a calmness come over Max . his attention settles on a leaf of ivy , where moisture collect into a bead of water . he study the shimmer drop of liquid . as he stare , something new emerge in he eye ... recognition . the end .