Prime directive by John Rogers revision . by , Roberto orci & Alex kurtzman February 28 , 2006 revision ( dw draft ) Al a legend appear : '' one million year before the dawn of man ... '' Al sunlight begin to creep onto the screen , revealing a strange symbol . like a complex glyph . slowly , we widen to reveal ... it 's one of many . etched onto a metallic surface . the symbol can only have come from a alien civilization . we hear a voice : powerful , noble . though we do not know $t yét , it 's the voice of optimus prime : : optimus ( v.o. ) we planet be destroy by the ravage of war ... a war wage between the legion . who worship chaos , and that of we ho follow freedom ... as the light grow , it illuminate a immense : square Mass . a cube . cover by the symbol . hurtling thr@w&h space ... optimus ( v.0 . ) cont 'd ) we battle for rule of a stfpgerit power ... the energon cube . its origin be unknown to we , yet it bear the igfe . force that create we race ... we fight until we world be awash ip death , antil the very ground swallow that aur once- mighty city ... and the cube be lose to the limitless starg , .. the cube plunge into a q@sterbidal grouping and ever - so - ~ slightly nick one of the ragks , bounce in a new direction : optimus ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then , by mertwne or fate , its course be alter , df@wn to a planet call ... ' Earth . 's reveal -- in the di8tance -- a familiar blue marble . the cube scream past wéy , recketing toward we planet ... : * optimus ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) . we have searched for the cube across sesert of time , hope to find it before whe dark legion ... but as fate would have it , we be already too late . slam tosseack , as that ominous note crescendo . fade to : 1 bx@ , . arctic circle - twilight 1 soaring over iceberg ... we find a derelict sailing vessel , lilt , trap in ice . the crew work desperately to free the ship , axe slamming . legend : '' national antarctic expedition ... 1897 . '' 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 2 . the ship 's captain move along he man : captain put you back into it , or we will be chopping we way back to the States ! the pack huskies start howling at the snowscape : sailor # 1 there 's something out there ... the dog suddenly bolt off . the Captain grab he rtmbe and lantern and shout for two men to follow . ext . elsewhere on the ice - twilight the dog lead the man over the arctic shelf , jump from floe to floe . they finally stop , paw at a va of snow . sailor # 2 . whatever it be , it 's below the-ice . captain nothing 's alive below the yce ... suddenly a huge rift open , lke téetonic plate shifting —- the sailor dive to safety but one @f #he dog fall through ! the Captain grab for it but they ? ke sucked into a 30 ft . fissure -- int . ice cave - continuous man and dog shoot down the fissure , landing hard on something . his lantern crack bekow , kerosene fire cast flickering shadow across the ice wall . .. thé dog whimper . the man shout from above . daze , the eyptefn get he bearing , call back : captain I ’m~¢kay , lad ! suddenly not a , we pull back to find he 's stand on ... the palm or , ts L - half in , half out of the ice . a mechan@til face be embedded within the ice wall , expression frozen ix.a scream ! the captaén can not believe what he 's see ... wipe away ice to reveal a symbol on the mechanoid : the '' decepticon '' emblem mesmerized , the captain pull out a pick - axe . start chopping away at the ice to get a better look -- whack , whack -- the ice crack , triggering something on the robot 's chassis : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 3. a laser blast sear the captain 's eye -- for a millisecond flash , he see the same alien symbol we saw on the cube , coursing with phosphorous light ! the captain scream clutching he eye , the dog barking madly -- the spectacle go fly and crack as they hit the floor ~— sailor # 2 captain ?! captain ! the captain , trembling , on he knee , turn to US - , pup . have turned completely white his hand scramble for the spectacle but he realzge ... he’s ind ! FIRE reflect through now - crack glad@sai , ’and something incredible be reveal in they as we push clo@sr .~. micro -close : the ien code have be seared in ! the IL , the frame be overtaken by whiteness ... at #¥st we think it 's snow ... until we realize it 's : ext . desert - sunset ++. sand undulate over endless dimsa# . a engine roar -- two AIR force cv -22 osprey skim he 's dtfhes , blasting through frame : legend : '' qatar , the middle - e&s® . '' present day . '' int . lead osprey - moving®s - sunset Flying the osprey be sergeant william lennox : 30s , US AIR force combat controller . fdmiiay man . sense of humor . bear leader . he travel with the agny 's 5th special force Security team . returning from a toffwh titssion . next to he : army chief warrant officer jorge figuer@a { '' fig '' ) , 2us , dominican by way of the Louisiana bayou . % @ing along with a reggaeton hip - hop song on the stereo : ~ lennox . ane '' get five minute without be ture by you sing ? figueroa tch , do not mock my gift , bro ... one day I x11 win american idol and you be wishin’ you know I . lennox ++» uh-huh ... figueroa gotta pass the time somehow -- sixteen month of this ...? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 4 , lennox tell I , first thing you be gonna do when we get back ... figueroa lil 's taste o' home -- a plate of mama 's hot pastele ? Ham , onion , garlic , and bam , some adobo spice pork !? I be on my way to nirvana . : lennox and weekend , remember that ? figueroa surfboard on the roof , head for turquoise water ... lennox I hear that . figueroa man , when I get there , I be goffha have I a perfect day ... y’know wkha® I be sayin 's ? one of that day wherd evaprything just go right ? ( beat ) what about you , #enriexg ° you get a perfect day ? uennbx ( wistf '' beat ) get to hold my little girl for the first time . fig smile with a la&tle envy . the osprey dip low , descend : ext . soccent oper2{0 ns CENTER - night about to fall military base @eximgc . the plane land . lennox and fig hop out , join the rest of the Army team emerge from the other osprey -- we favor ser@zant first CLASS donnely ( irish - american ) , and staff sergeard epps ( street tough , from East oakland ) . lennox 40 , donnely -—- celtic win last night ? donnely Nah , man , they get thrash -- lennox you could not just say , ' no , they lose 's ? have two large on that bum to cover . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 5 . epps the man 's unbelievable -- a thousand mile from nowhere and he find a way to call he bookie . figueroa fly boy have special privilege , Air Force supplies booky ... right , sarge ? lennox Hell yeah , cause unlike Army , we can actually count past ten and understandr the nuance of a point spread . the Army boy shout a collective , playful '' ho@ah4 '' one of the local worker , a 13 year old bedouin boy name . mabfouz , see lennox and run over eager ] mahfouz lennox ! lennox ! you bring ? #o I , you bring chocolate ? - lennox ( they little game ) sorry , kid , already ' ake ep . mahfowl , no , you lie ! yen @&ve not ! lennox pull a snicker ' som he pocket , toss it to the kid : lewnox help we wight khe gear . 10 int . soccent ~ joc , #@int operation CENTER ~ night 10 at a radar consoéey ay blip appear : ; radar tech ing@upd bogie , ten mile out . , soccent watch commander qnidentify bogie , you be in restrict we military airspace . squawk ident and proceed East out of area . ( static ) raptors one and two : proceed to intercept -- we get no response from this bogey -- 11 ext . soccent - skie above base - night 11 two F - 22' , orbit the base , bank hard : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 6 . 12 ext . elsewhere - skie above desert - continuous 12 a massive mh-53 pav special ops command helicopter appear over the dune . the F - 22 's streak overhead ... f-22 pilot # 1 have unidentified aircraft , we will escort you to U.S. soccent air base -- if you do not comply , we will use deadly force . the jet pilot line up a heat - seek reticule on ¢ae vispper -- a tone indicate " lock . '' finally , the pav descen@m ... ° F -22 pilot # 1 ( cont ' D} Tower : bogie 's come down , tail Ip af4500 X -ray . be advise , it 's ap '' american pav , comm may be out .. al3 not . soccent - joc joint operation CENTER - : '' ontinuous al3 * as the op - CENTER tech enter the tail #& ito the computer , he ' brow furrow -- op - CENTER te®h Sir : say here 450@x % tas snot down three month ago . afghamistay . sqccent watch commander gotta be a migtake -- concerned , he head upstaimy foward a AIR tower as -- 13 ° int . soccent - loading bax - continuous 13 the oblivious soldief - '' tmload . lennox 's cell ring , he answer : lennox lenrrax , voice . ergsant , we have a homefront connection i you , please hold -- : al4 lennox p&ll ' a laptop from the humvee , connect he phone to it al4 -- be '' I - chat '' window open : he wife 's face appear : lennox hey there , baby girl — - how’re my lady ? int . lennox home / loading BAY - intercutting - early morning a world away from Qatar : lennox 's wife , sarah , feed they baby girl while talk into the I - chat lens : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 7 . sarah well , it 's official : she have you smile ... lennox +--+. she smile ? sarah _- her first one , yeah . : on lennox . a proud papa , but also ... full of regr@ , '' @aiother moment he miss . he try to sound upbeat ... lennox that 's great ... sarah I be tell she about the nigh® we get lock outta the house , how they daddy make a campfire in the backyangt and nine month later -- : lennox -- whoa , hey , be not . sh@ a gittle young to be learn about sre hit and the bee ? sarah I start laugh whefi I tell she the key be in pour ga@ket the whole time ... and se smile back , y’know ? lennox - ever think tia@ybe I lock we out on purpose ? sarah you 's we mor that smooth . lennox p¥case , I put the '' oooh '' in smooth . oo sarah gta . come home soon ? lennox we be due for a rotation ... hear that annabelle ? you be gonna meet you daddy in the flesh anyday now ... static start interrupt the line -- sarah lennox will ? will -- ++» Sarah ? b14 c14 14 15 al6 16 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 8. the screen cut to snow . sound of rotors thumping . lennox and the soldier turn as the arrive chopper settles to earth ... armed Humvees race onto the tarmac , circle the chopper . Light sweep across its cockpit , revealing the pilot : a expressionless man with a moustache . strange . int . soccent ~ AIR tower - continuous - b14 the watch Commander enter the tower , grab binoc ro % wew the chopper 's tail id outside : soccent watch commande ? {holy shit ) ++. 4500x ? something 's not righ® - 7 ( into headset ) unidentified aircraft , shut dowtr agd step out now -- Le ext . soccent - loading BAY : c14 moustache man just sit there . the mp '' share nervous look , weapon raise . and the damndest thirg happen : moustache man fritzes , like a electronic se#zurewene disintegrate ! a_ hologram ! the shriek of a bber@yy wulse rise in volume ... int . soccent - joc - joint operamlons CENTER - continuous 14 surveillance image -- erery mpnitor turn to snow -- console tech system fag bes , radar 's jamme -- it 's come from tie chopper -- ext . soccent - tarmac ] poading dock - 15 around the cornek , from the helicopter : lennox , he man , and mahfouz react 8 the ear - splitting SOUND -- the sodium yapésework - light glow brighter , pulsing , then explode ! _ L. tning arc across the sky ! - ext . soccent . ~ tarmac - al6 the crqpphr begins to change shape -- rotors retract -- transforming as it rise to height : " '' vortex . '' a massive decepticon robot , barely visible through the smoke -- int . soccent - tower - continuous 16 a thunderclap concussion blows in all the window -- 17 al8 18 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 9 . ext . soccent tarmac - continuous 17 we soldier come running from they barrack in time to see pulse blast vaporize a entire row of C - 17 cargo plane . the man run for cover by a B - 2 bunker as all the plane hanger - 4re destroyed in the blast -- FIRE and smoke reduce visibility # '' zero : int . soccent - joc - joint operation CENTER - continuous al8 the roof be ripped off by the unseen giant ! its magst¥a '' hand tear up cable connect to the cray computer -' tif cable come alive , wrapping like magnetic vine around morf4x 's metal forearm as the copper wire sear into it . the beast emit a high - intensity shriek , like a modem connect . '' the watch commander pull himself from rubbler see fritzing monitor rapidly flash a file that uploab '' '' nto the robot : '' project ice man : above top secret : sector qeven access only '' panicked , the watch Commander look ug through the shred roof at the beast , yell to a techie : soccen' weng commander cut the hard lineag - Su the hard line ! a techie rip a axe from the a2 , hack down on a hard line -- the cable explode , SE 's ig . obot 's S ction to the file . with a roar , vortex fire byl@e blast , obliterate everyone ! ext . tarmac - near thf s=? bunker - continuous 18 the op-center explob '' S wh a thousand direction . lennox and the team bolt for cover , jhhade directly between the robot 's legs . its massive foot . byjnber down , squashing a vehicle . running Pov -= ry ' fall , swing the thermal imager directly up , manage to thle m snapshot beneath the monster 's underbelly -- vortex Pov : ert , the robot 's target system zoom in on the imager -- no signal -- it fire at the soldier ! lenwex tadle the boy to the ground -- epp swipe a scattbrsh®t launcher from he back , fire : fifteen phosphorous - magnesi@m flare mushroom out like firework and ... vortex 's Pov white out . as it recover , something disengage from its back and drop into the sand . though flame debris make it hard to see , we catch glimpse of its feature : two claw -like driller . six spindly legs . a lethal stinger tail : skorponok . a mechanical scorpion . it worm its way ~ underground ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 10 . al19 ext . soccent ridge - night al9 19 20 skorponok 's head emerge , barb mandible clicking , scan -- skorponok Pov : in the far distance , it see the soldier 's heat signature disappear over the dune . skorponok 's head buyr@w and a travelling mound of sand rocket off ... on the hunp . . ext . american CITY - day : 19 aerial shot : fly over a massive concrete jungle # 0 .» the suburb . we close in on a typical american high amhoex . a sign read : " tranquility high school . go aardvark ! '' int . tranquility high school - classroom ~ das 20 SAM witwicky : a endear face that want omy to fit in . sit at the back of the class , he stage} wmoonily at a girl across the room : mikaela bane , a classic beauty , the : le of he eye . unfortunately , she 's sit with 63 '' friend : trent demarco , you basic abercrombie nightmare . the teacher , mr. hosney ( bore@ , @ver it ) , call out : Mia hosney ' kay , Sam , yore wp . his pal mile snap fingerseag Sam 's eye , break he trance : * mile dude. earén . now . Sam rise , gather " nis fackpack ... make the long , long " walk of shame '' to the heat otwthe classroom -- endure giggle and people throwing®gali@d - up paper at he . SAM - onpeswo ... for my family genealogy report , ick my great , great grandfather , eibtsin Archibald witwicky , one of the jirst guy ever to make it to the arctic circle . he turns¥ open he backpack . trent slingshot a gummy worm -- it stick in Sam 's hair . mikaela quit it . trent ( innocent shrug ) -- what ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 11 . Sam pick the worm from he hair , try to maintain composure : SAM ah , cherry . my favorite . he lay out he great grandfather 's navigation instrument —- among they , we favor the spectacle we see in the ice caw : SAM ( cont 'd ) so , like , here be some of the tool of 4 nineteenth century seaman : {people giggle ; he 's self -aware now ) the quadrant , the sextant ... ( more giggle ... he push through ) the compass ... and he glass . mr . hosney it be not ' show and tell , 's Mr. witwicky , it 's the eleventh grade . SAM yeah , I know , it 's just that I be also sell this stuff on f@key to put toward my car fund ? ghey er , really cool Christmas gift , la®le at a low , low price -- mr . aosney Sam -- SAM right , anyway I guess year of hypothewmia rroze he brain , and he end up go bl#nd and crazy ina sanitetiuy ... draw . this weird symbol and uabbue about a giant ice man . Sam hold up a 4 taty newspaper clipping , circa 1897 : '' arctic adventurer ies icr_an found ! '' beneath it we see a photo of captain arcrrbbald witwicky -- we ship 's captain . and next to that , cra#de %y draw sketches of the alien symbol he see . the rell ring . the kid flood out the door ... mr . hosney thank you , everyone . might be a pop quiz tomorrow . might not . sleep in fear tonight . bye. ( to Sam ) save by the bell . SAM so ... what 's my grade ? 21 22 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 12 . mr . hosney I have say a solid B minus . SAM bminus ?!! what about all the visual aid ? mr . hosney be not really feel it . SAM no , um , you do not get it -- see that tran , sit in the car ? Sam point out the window : there 's a man in a €ag . out front -- SAM ( cont 'd ) that 's my dad -- and when I turn '' sixteen last year , he say if umave two thousand buck and get three bs he would help I buy half a car . yj feervat least a a minus ... mr . hosnby ah , I remember my my$i~wat ... a 1970 gremlin . SAM '' be not that what you #till drive ? ( off '' boesne¥ 's glare ) what I mean be . fblease , Mr. hosney ... my future -- my beeedom -- my manhood -~ be in yourrmesciful hand . off that -- int . ron 's car - s8rsede school - day 21 Sam 's dad ron #mi®y . Sam get in , look glum . ron wa ? Long bea®& Sam turn to he dad . grins . slip on he shade : SAM you owe I a car , pop . int . ron 's car - auto row - moving - mid - afternoon 22 driving past auto dealership . Sam stare excitedly out the window . . ron veer toward a porsche dealer , slow ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 13 . ron get a surprise for you , Sam ... you be no get a porsche . ron veer back onto the street , crack up ... SAM you be a cruel , cruel man . ' 23 . bxt . auto row - continuous as ron 's car leave frame , another car take it : aderped , yellow camaro . ' 75 . beaten all to hell . at the twhea@l be ... the moustache man we saw in the chopper . in davtagnt , there 's a translucent quality to he . he follow ron 's War coward ... 24 ext . bolivia 's auto resale - day ron 's car pull in . this place look 1ika a junkyard . SAM here ? nonono , dad , the# @s @ food chain in high school , and it4 not that I be on the bottom , I be nok ver it . the right car say tomiWisy .. ' get to know I . touch I . # he8e @&r say : ' run ... run away from the byam '' ron I think they sa& . s®u be the guy who know the value of a hard - earn buck , kiddo ... no. sacrifi#e , no victory . SAM can thvs hoe turn into a after-school spec#@@ % ff need all the help I can get . ron stare . 98 % sjgh and get out . they be greet by the - owner : bobby r@ziwia , pasty , a lopsided grin . - bobby bolivia déxtlemen , hiya : Bobby Bolivia , like the gountry . at you service . ron my son 's buy he first car . bobby bolivia and you come to I ? we -heeel , that practically make we family . call I ' uncle Bobby b.’ ( a arm around Sam ) ( more ) 23 24 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 14 . bobby bolivia ( cont 'd ) I have be do this a long time , kid -- that first enchilada of freedom 's just waitin 's under one of this hood . see , driver do not pick they car , nossir -- car pick they driver . it 's a mystical bond between man and machine . Sam pass car , examine each one : bad mini-van , othe heaps of junk metal . Sam stop . back up to the yellow camar& we just see follow he . moustache man be now go . h& cpecle the car , trace a finger along black racing stripesi a fep boy 's ten dollar attempt to look cool . SAM least it 's get racing stripe . Bolivia stare at the car , confuse as hell : bobby bolivia where have this one come from ? ( call to employee ) manny !!! ' the heck this @ Sam hop in . check the dash -- ngtteé , sarcastically : SAM gee , a actual op@a#inw eight - track . a glint of light catch hig e%e . a emblem on the steering wheel . he wipe away grjgne the reveal ... the autobot symbol . rm - how much ? ' bobby bolivia well , ulti . eonsider the semi-classic nature '' off the vehicle , five grand . ron weg %e mot go above four . bobby bolivia rgur ? kid , outta the car -- SAM , . but you say car choose they driver -- bobby bolivia yeah , well sometimes they choose one that 's outta they price range . now , this one here 's a beautiful -- as Bolivia climb into a edsel to show it off , the camaro 's passenger door swing OPEN -- slam into the edsel , nearly crush Bolivia . thrown but cover , he climb out : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 15 . bobby bolivia ( cont 'd ) uh ... no problem , we can hammer that out easy -- meantime , feast you eye on that one , it 's a -- as he close the camaro door , its horn blare -- so loud @ll she window in every other car on the lot explode . Glass fl#e@ everywhere . everyone react in shock : SAM what ... be that ? bobby bolivia ( he ruin car ) . oh , nononononono ... manny , get out 8 # rey ron grab Sam and move he off , Bolivia chase they -- bobby bolivia ( @@nr ’'d ) nono , wait ! okay , it 's you ~lmcmay day ! on account of the kink : of '' mmousand . Sam look at he dad : please ? finaéaty , ron nod . SAM } yes ! music pound : Sam adjust ' sed¥view / turn the key / slam into " drive " -- Bobby bolf#via léan in , sprays something through the window -- Sam cough ) wavimg away particle : bobby bolivia ' New car 's @ c@gt , kid . on the house . ron ( @ean in the window ) one wrwmige : if ever , for any reason , and I ’m~got accuse you of anything , you thak '' you should not drive ? call I and tal@ pick you up ... no question ask . _ SAM ++ promise . thanks , dad . as ke peed out of the lot , a hubcap roll away . from that , to : 25 ext . WASHINGTON STREET - taxi - late apternoon 25 hundred of car at rush hour on a Washington street . in the back of a taxi sit maggie marconi , 28 . she balance a. cup of Starbucks , she I - pod , and she laptop , type furiously -- see the awful traffic , check she watch : late . dial a cell -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 16 . 26 int . the rand corporation - basement - continuous 26 a think tank populate by brainiac . a desk phone ring ~~ glen whitmann answer : African american , a tech geek eat fruity pebble . intercut : glen y’ello -- maggie Glen , it 's I . I be in a cab , traffic suck , I be gonna be late again -- glen mag , do not do this to I , dhs almbs# trace I last time -- . maggie pleaseplease , if my radio en@rwetion brief be not in by four , I be gum e - glen how would you land a job at # tmink tank without know how . to set you alarm ? maggle okay , look ... my ar@rev 11 meet you kodo beast in the thund@xnetn realm and you can have all wy pagt¥num goblin armor . carn my grandma doesnt like I on -line game anymore , gfe gay it diminish my emotional quottient . maggie Glen , op be a hapless techno-weenie , I be @gsperate -- glen will okey , alright , where be you ? maggie head north on constitution -- glen™ fiatger punch keystroke at he computer : " activate traffic # re-emption system . '' he highlight '' constitution Ave '' on a city grid and ... in front of the taxi , all traffic light for fifteen block go green -- maggie ( cont 'd ) you get a straight shot , gogogo -- cabbie how would you do that , Lady ? ene 28 30 31 32 33 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 17 . the cab peel out -- int . the rand corporation - entrance - continuous 28 maggie rush in , skid to a elevator , hit the call butten urgently . suddenly , two suite agent be in front of hew : agent # 1 maggie marconi ? ( they flash badge ) secret service , we need you to come wit® we . maggie oh , uh , look , if this be about the traffic light , I act alone . al3 &mar , agent # 2 ( push she along ) come with we , please . maggie hey , I have a right to ew €where we be go . agere # 2 you will see shortéy . as they emerge , a aelicorper '' rand on the front lawn . maggie 30 freeze in total surprise <- ext . skie over pentagon - the chopper - continuous 31 the chopper roar ovem&d.r. , circle the Pentagon . int . pentagon - day 32 the agent lead @aggte through corridor . what 's she do here ? a pentb@@n '' fficial hand she a document on a clipboard : official secrecy oath . please sign . maggie sxgnsgy concern grow . they lead she into ... int . '' she bentagon - briefing room - day 33 a roomful of similar analyst type . maggie slide in a chair as a suite man enter : JOHN keller , no nonsense , gulp coffee from a paper cup . a analyst next to maggie murmur , amaze ... analyst that 's the Secretary of Defense ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 18 . keller afternoon everyone . I be John keller , obviously you be wonder why you be here . so , this be the fact : at oh - nine-hundred yesterday , the soccent forward Operations base in Qatar be attack . there be no survivor . ( everyone 's shocked ) the world 's gonna hear about it in a half hour , you be hearing now . the objective of the attack be to hack we military network -- we be not sure exactly what they be after , but we do know they be cut off during the assault ... whichle&d we to assume they 'o ] try again . ns shes claim responsibility , and so far '' # you only real lead be this : a SOUND emanate from speaker : the soi mela shriek we hear from vortex during the soccent att keller ( conn '' 'd ) that 's the signal that méyxe™ we network . NSA 's working& at full capacity to analyze it and #iter gept further communication ... aur 's wa need you help to find out who @ia™ shi . you have all show considerable@abwiity in the area of signal analysis . s@rvice be voluntary ... gyong want out , there 's the door . . ( nobody move ) we be on avhamr- trigger here , people -- the presid&nt % dispatch battle group to the @ mabrah Gulf and South China Sea . this be de #eal as it get . godspeed . ( @eryone rise ) Margaret marconi ? stay behind . maggie 's now taally throw : the sec definitely want to talk to she ? she follow , hife®nto the hallway -- they walk : keller ( cont 'd ) be tell you use to run great gun at NSA ... till you be fire for twice rewrite you superior 's conclusion . maggie Sir , about that ? I have a slight problem with impulse control . like I probably should not tell you that 's a ugly tie and you bushy eyebrow be distracting -~ '' and it 's actually not ' Margaret , 's I mean , I hate that , it say ' maggie 's on my birth certificate ... ( more ) 34 35 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 19 . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( beat , he glare ) anyway , um , I be work on it . sir. keller you conclusion be right , however . both time . that 's why you be get a second chance ... and also because I be tell you be the best code breaker there be . maggie thank you , Sir . I will not take it for grant . ; keller some people around here think you 'fe '' security risk ... do not prove I wrepa and he 's go . maggie slap she forehead ti aglf — rebuke : maggie : Way to go . eyebrow thing # @* t™ver well with the Secretary of defegse ~- prelap a howling wind -- a ext . sand dune - qatar - sunrese - 34 the wind whip over the dnag . patch of sand tremble as ... skorponok 's mechanical hbad gmertes , scan like a periscope . skorponok Pov : low camera ¥& . moving , search the desert -- voice echo with a e¥8@ ric , static-like quality . Pov zo0 oms fast , follow the v&iceg to the source ten mile away : vascular renderings @f ur soldier on a ridge we scan over the ment .. and then focus on lennox as he crouch down , tendina .@™ a , small wound on mahfouz 's arm ... match to : ext , the rigce sunrise _ 35 lennox afd ¢he boy as he set the bandage . the weary and demoralige boldier take stock of they option . donnely and epp@ study ~ the recorded infrare image of vortex : donnely never see a weapon system like this ... epps -- the hell be it ? lennox check out he portable satellite transmitter ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 20 . lennox ai not get a clue , but the sat - com be fry . c can not get a hook - up with aerial surveillance . figueroa man , I dunno ... my abuelita , she have ' the gift ’... people have come to she all the time for fortune , you know -- I get that gene in my vein too , man . and that thing that attack we ? it be not over . ew epps yeah ? so how bout you use you magic voodoo power to get we the hell obt # q here -- figueroa it 's santeria , gringo -- lennox listen up : he 's right . w8 be not suppose to survive tha# at@ack . if that thing know we be aliva , wa be still target . plus , we@e@ the only one who see what hit the base . erp ( noddang ) Pentagon 's gogna want payback ... lennox right : so 4 € & down to we to get that picture hdge msap ... what 's leave of we gear ? . donnely not tch . no radio , half the weapon , som@ p&are . lennox fid , how much further to you village ? mahfouz '' ery close . over hill . lennox piece a cake ... be not that right , fig ? figueroa ( deep breath ) piece a cake , Sir . lennox epp ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 21 . epps ( finally , a nod ) piece a cake . lennox okay : we be still under order and lose time . five meter spread . they start to move off over the dune ... keller ( v.o . ) at this time , we can not confirm whethew there be any survivor ... a36 int . lennox home - night a36 36 37 close on sarah , lennox 's wife --— a wreck of aqxtety she 's watch CNN , where keller speak grBg the Pentagon : keller on bg +-- but we prayer be h @he family of the brave man and be who be station at soccent . wur basis worldwide be on h#grmh arest , and we be commit to keepiag yoy inform as we learn the fact . the baby cry . Sarah pi@ke ger¢up , try not to lose it ... smrdi shhh ... shhh ... daddy 's okay ... daddy 's okay ... ext . witwicky house lepe afternoon 36 back in the burbé& . m@sic blast from the attic of a house ... int . witwicky # @qu8p - SAM 's room / attic - late afternoon 37 a list of ack to the wall -- SAM 's hand cross off : '' " l. ) 2 . ) get new car stereo . 3 . ) get new paint job . 4 . ) get fe ssenger . '' that one , he circle . look : over at ... a crshuahux name '' mojo '' on - he bed , wear a diamond collar , its teg im a cast . stare at he through skeptical dog eye . SAM what ? Sam run mousse through he hair -- splashes on cologne -- consider a beat , then put a drop in he underwear . the chihuahua give he a curious look . 38 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 22 . Sam quickly go to he computer , check he " E - BAY auction page . " the old junk he 's sell -- among the item , he great grandfather 's glass . as a catchy sale tool , he 's post the old newspaper clipping beside the glass : " arctic adventurer allege ice man found 's the list read : " bid place : 0 . '' Sam say to mojo a hé run out -- SAM ( cont 'd ) I know you be on pain pill , but if yom whiz on my bed again , you be sleep outside -- ext . witwicky house - late afternoon 38 sam 's mom , judy , tend to she rose bushes at xn , the Home Depot freak , finish lay down a stone path . he back door burst open and Sam bound toward he car , tramp¥igg the grass -- ron hey ! it 's call a PA ( Sam backtrack : see ? be that so h , man you own you own grass , y@’ @nderstand . mojo bark -- SAM Mom , seriously , «@ald you stop put jewelry on mojo ? he 's a boy . judy I think , %e yook cute . - SAM he 's get enough self - esteem issue as a chase bgia . ron ( ribbing she ) laybe you should put he back in the ' yer , hon ... judy it be a accident , okay ?! I do not know he fall asleep in the laundry basket . ( pick up dog ) how 's you little leggy - weggy , hm ? SAM ( roll he eye ) by the way , you rose ... awesome . really compliment you hair . 39 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 23 . judy Nice try . Home by eleven . and drive safe ... Sam roll he eye , jump in the camaro . a black toxic clqud belch from the tailpipe , nearly consume the entire st¥ed® as it roar off . Judy and ron cough , wave it away -- judy ( cont 'd ) do you have to be so damn cheap , ron ? ext . tranquility suburb - late afternoon 39 Sam 's buddy mile sit on a stoop , wait . Sam wall up in the camaro , revving its throaty engine . mile 's expm=sion drop ... SAM listen to that pony purr , hurr # wwhat do you think ? mile it 's ... yellow . SAM dude , it 's old schgoh : mize * but it 's ... yel lhow . why you gotta deco my wheel ? mile can I drive ? SAM get # hw car , mile . 40 ext . '' the lakey = aunset 40 the shore 's £ bk with holler teens . some swim . SAM 's camaro glide up . mile emerge sheepishly . as Sam get out ... mikaela @merke from the lake . wring she incredible hair . as she grasses . Sam mumble " hi '' and drop he key ... mile at least tell I you maintain control of you bowel whenever she walk by . mikaela join trent by a escalade . see Sam , trent point : trent hey , bro ! sorry ' bout you grandma ... she die and leave you that car , right ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 24 . he and he buddy laugh . mile come to Sam 's defense : mile it 's old school , man . mikaela ( to trent , disgust ) not everyone 's parent can afford a escalade ... trent think I recognize you in class -- you be the little dude who try out for the team last semester , right ? a41 flashcut : close on SAM , breathe hard , psyckhi%m_amimself up for a4l1 battle -- widen to reveal he 's at team tryout . wear football padding way too big for he body -- a coach mgfstle and : sam' helmet pop off like a champagne co#k as four hulking lineman throttle he into the turf . whele there , stunne , unable to breathe . coach ++. you okay , kid ? but all Sam can manage be a 4 par '' $ en , squeak -~ b41 present : Sam play it off se®f - conscious in front of mikaela : b41 . sau , I ? oh , that ? wnat be just ... research . 1 be not really try out . I be ... woerge on a book . trent on wigr®g wsuck at sport ? SAM na , awtually ... on the link between ~ eo 11 and brain damage . trent mafesea menace move toward Sam but mikaela block he -- mikaela stop it . glaring at she now , open he car door -- trent there 's a frat party , this suck . mikaela lemme drive -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 25 . trent please , this be a tank -- and you be like , my little bunny ... you can not handle this much machine . mikaela oh , so I be you 's little bunny 's now ? trent dude ... what be with you ? mikaela tell you what , dude ... why do not yougyet in you daddy - buy car , turn on tha’ expensive gps , and see if you can # ladé some other forest creature to pabra@ige . she stomp off as trent 's buddy " ooooh '' fi telling they to '' shut the hell up , '' he get in he car a&@®khey all peel we . furious , mikaela pass Sam . strangel¥y % ir radio start scanning , stop on the Cars 's " who 's g&nna * drive you Home ? '' mile ge mile what 's up with youd Ted a srm ( echoing . the wyric ) I be gonna drige nex Rome ... tonight . what ? she 's a evil jock concubine , let she hitch SAM c’mon , itis like ten mile to she house , '' 2 '' in never gonna get another chartee ifke this . - mile ( beat ) 4_u better come back for I . J oft , Sam drive off . see mikaela up ahead stomping towaxd the exit -- say to himself : SAM okay , be cool . be ... supercool . he pull up alongside she ... SAM ( cont 'd ) uh , hey , mikaela ? it 's Sam . witwicky . hope I do not get you strand . 4l 060228 prime directive to dw & hod mikaela +--+. it 's fine . SAM so , like ... do you need a ride home ? Cause I be just ... leave and ... wonder if you want a ride ... or not . mikaela look around . weigh she option . sigh . int . camaro - forest road - night 26 . 4l the camaro streak along . mikaela , wear Sam 's jd@aket to stay warm , rant —- . mikaela I cannot believe I be here -- SAM oh , um , do you want I to tu pny aoun - — mikaela -- no , here , in this si#@twen -- another Friday night w@bch&ng trent get unconscious with thosm meet -- and the worst part ? it 's @y faglt , I do it to myself -- I can n’® , wagt co go to college cause there send etter be more to life than thia , [ %ean , something earth - shatter of I be gonna kill myself ... sorry , I be just went ... be you wear cologne ? SAM no. yem. t's ... a little aftershave . ( &oull down window ) you bet bt ? : mikaela id ‘gghten it up a little . what class @ia@ you say we have together ? - SAM fath ... gym ... Social Studies ... istory . ( she 's blank ) I be stand in front of you give a report for like five minute today ? mikaela Sam ... right . suddenly , the car sputter , the engine die ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 27 . SAM no ... nonononono not now ... the car roll to a stop at the edge of a bluff , headlight illuminate a sign : '' overlook point . '' the radio turn itself on : Barry White 's '' I be ready for Love . '' SAM ( cont 'd ) uh ... I know how this look -- I would never try something like that on you , mikaela -- I mean , not that you be not worth try something like that on , that 's not what I meat -- mikaela just pop the hood ... 42 ext . overlook point - night 42 mikaela 's bury under the hood , amaze &¥ whe complex engine ... mikaela wait a sec , this be ne aluminum stoker block engine , i at they use in race car ... SAM ; how do you know shdtz mikabla my dad , before fg uh ... leave . serious grease monkey . SAM but yousseem@so ... not mechanical . mikaela yeal® we¥l I do not broadcast it -- guy daz ike it when you know more about — c&xug@ than they do . SAM ' qut if trent 's drive you nut , why ' you care what he think ? mikaela alright , so I have issue , I be a superfreak of contradiction . { slam hood close ) I be just gonna walk . SAM ( kill I now ) yeah . ' kay . seeya . 43 44 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 28 . as she go , Sam turn to he car , mutter urgently : SAM ( cont 'd ) how can you do this to I now ?! {to the heaven ) please , do not let she walk away -- the engine reve to life . the radio blast " baby , come back '' mikaela turn , surprised . Sam stare , equally confusect . ext . mikaela 's house - night 43 a dumpy part of town . the camaro pull up to midgae py 's house . she turn to he , soften , grateful ... mikaela so ... thanks for the ride . SAM anytime . a moment of connection . she get ou# suart to walk inside . turn back ... mikabeb you think I be sha@low , buh ? SAM ( beat smc ! ) I think ... tagge ' 's a lot more to you than meet the eye . she give he the gredt @ Mt smile ever . off that -- int . pentagon - lis# enin '' station - night 44 row of recruit ®t # @t - audio station , wear headphone , listen to ra@$o cfiatter . among they , we find ... maggie listeniimg will vortex ' 's shrieking signal from - the open . play it vemeand over . get nowhere , she remove the headphone , '' axhaust . a analyst near she lean in : analyst # 2 what d' you think ? chinese ? maggie --. do not sound chinese . this be ... something else . she put the headphone back on . Hit ' play 's again ... and the shrieking SOUND become ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 29 . 45 ext . AIR force one - flying - night 45 the turbine roar of a majestic 747 as it soar over cloud , flanke by escort F - 22' : legend : '' AIR force one ... somewhere over virginia ... " 46 int . AIR force one - mission communication CENTER - night 46 AIR force specialist man the elaborate communicationg system . on a monitor , we catch a conversation between a pe 's * general and he aide : general ( on screen ) Battle Group Truman 's near the ar@hian gulf -- review in one hour . aide yessir . a uniformed AIR force stewardess take , we follow her to a door where a secret service agent staid ard . he nod to the stewardess , allow she to enter : 48 the president 's state room . a# T I a@e : a pair of socked feet 48 cross on the bed . the prestde#timl seal above the headboard . we never see the President 's tae . stewarbess # 1 yes , Mr. pre&sdent : the president ( o.s. ) think you be wrangle I up some ding dong and & ' qess of milk ? stewardess # 1 right ayaw , sir. 49 she exit as atte fer secret service agent pass , enter the 49 secret service labin : people work , sleep . drift over to : a boom BOX westle in a corner . silently , it start reshaping -- sprout '' in '' % feet -- scuttle crab-like around a sleep agent 's shoe , move behind a seat where ... the s®area transform into a four and a half foot decepticon robot : syundwave . reed -thin , leg like steel stick , insanely narrow body . this thing be creepy . unseen , it move off ... 50 mid -p : corrt . 3 we stewardess enter , the other 50 stewardess drink coffee and gab -- 51 52 53 54 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 6 30 . stewardess # 1 ( cont 'd ) ( roll she eye ) the man want ding dong . I will be in storage . she get in another elevator , it descend ... int . AIR force one - storage - continuous 51 the elevator arrive , we stewardess get out . move th®eugh the lower galley : storage freezer , food prep tabl@& . he open one of the freezer , find the ding dong , start 4nwkéép they . -- accidentally drop one and we ... follow it as it roll across the floor , stopp#hayat soundwave 's feet , in shadow . oblivious , the stewardess @~ers#off the ding Dong , put it on a plate , get back in the ergvator . alone , soundwave emerge into the light . fave to a lock access panel label : '' '' p.o.t.u. nly . '' stel finger rip off the lock , remove the panel revealing '' terminal : soundwave open he mouth , omit @h@ same signal shriek we hear from vortex . the computer ink to life : '' connecting to pentagon netwobk '' int . pentagon - listening spateon - continuous 52 as maggie listen to heruseadpmones , a pop - up appear on the console : '' foreign signal dskbeted ... '' alert , she type fast '' SOUND graph appear side by side , compare the signal '' '' match . '' maggie they % king the network again !! int . AIR forces@nr — storage - continuous 53 the shriek jorfebffue emit from soundwave 's open mouth . reflectep i§ wis eye , a file appear on the terminal screen : '' project ice man : above top secret : sector seven access only . '' the s@me pile we see vortex try to download from the base ! int . pentagon - listening station - continuous 54 the shriek echoe through the room as maggie type furiously -- pentagon watch commander run a trace route ! 55 56 57 58 60 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 31 . maggie I be try , but it 's lock I out !!! int . AIR force one - storage - continuous 55 on soundwave 's terminal , the file finish downloading . ' h@m_ something even more terrifying appear : '' transmitting virus to pentagon network ... '' int. pentagon - listening station - continuous 56 maggie double - take as she notice a wave form gsf . insane -—- maggib oh my God ... cut the hard line ! pentagon watch commasder -- what ?!! maggie - CUT the hard line ! ff they 're ting a virus ! pentaugq wagch commander ( snatch &p4 & bhone ) code red ! CUT a®l w&bryek hard line now ! int . AIR force owe - storbge -' continuous 57 virus upload continue : '' 7@&.e. 90 % ... transmission complete . '' soundwave 's mouth clo#es\ . the sound stop -- int . pentagon - lisfeninw station - continuous 58 the bounce wav@ 4or@ flatline . the noise be gone . . maggie w& pobt it ! int . AIR forge one - storage - continuous 60 as sound®gve 's about to retreat , the elevator return . a agent ememge with : a flight deck specialist ... and they notice the brokefm . lagk on the floor . secret service agent # 3 ( into wrist - mic ) break in sector two -~ repeat : break in sector two -- soundwave rise behind they . steel disc shoot from its chest into the men ! a61 61 62 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 32 . a team of agent come streaming into the lower hold , gun draw . all they find be a eerie sight : two body riddled with disc ... no sign of soundwave .. just a boom BOX on a food prep table play music . off that ... ext . witwicky house - night b61 cricket . it 's late . eerie . int . witwicky house - SAM 's room - night 61 Sam 's asleep . out the window , he camaro sit ig tit® driveway ... suddenly , it start up . Sam 's eye pop open -- he sit up to see : the moustache man behind the wheel SAM hey , that 's my car !! the car back out of the driveway . ane frantic , fall out of bed -- throw on shoe , grab a jatkket leap out the window : ext . witwicky house - driveway g# rhe ts - continuous 62 he race after the car but thésmaW drive away -- Sam hop on he bike and give chase «- @syifig to keep up , he grab he cell from he jacket , dial withle gfeer -- 91 operator 911 emergaficy -- SAM my car eng steal -- get the cop , I be . #* low he right now ! . 911 operator sfxe@ @o not approach the driver , could be atgdrous -~ - the car brake at a stop sign -~ Sam look up , careen into the back bumBgr . ' tumble off the bike . the car peel out again . Sam 4 golle himself , hop back on the bike and race after it . hold on 8 ams phone leave on the ground , the operator 's voice : 911 operator ( cont 'd ) Sir , sir , we be trace the call , be you alright ? Sir ? 64 67 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 33 . ext . old cement factory / steelyard - night 64 the camaro glide up to a close gate . drive forward , busting the lock . Sam follow , hopping off he bike , watch the car disappear through dense fog ... and when it emerge ... moustache man be gone . the car 's drivi itself . it ro& # ist to the edge of a quarry . the c. change _ S : E. no clear ew , only hint -- but enough to know it 's walk on two lsy .. Sam tremble in shock , hide behind a crate . wat@ming &s the dark be pull something from its chest : a stramgye , humming disc that radiate a blinding light . it flare mam™ eye , coalesc into ... the autobot symbol . it beamg wp to space . suddenly , a terrifying sound behind Sam ... grrwrbarrrrrr ... two rottweiler lunge ! Sam run , jump onto.a wound of crate -- leap over a barb - wire fence , rip hide @&thes as the dog dig under the fence , still give chase *- réhey grab he ankle , trip Sam in the dirt , but -- ° the camaro burst through the fence , pinning doughnut around SAM -- honking furiously to hold the @og away -- they whimper and run off , frighten . Sam scrafybles backward from the car ... SAM please ... do not xil@imo .. police siren . Sam spinsy rugn thg head - first into two squad car . cop hop out , gun drawh -- - sheriff freeze ! hénw ! up ! SAM not I ! waf I ! wrong guy ! my car , it 's he point , bu’ &h@ '' camaro 's go . Sam 's thrown onto the hood -- the slam take tg to : - int . pentagon \- war room - dawn 67 people race ehrough the crisis action Center -- keller , admiral brigham ( cffsirman of the Joint Chiefs ) ; NSA and CIA director ; a nervog . trchie . maggie behind they , race to keep up : admiral brigham Air Force one make a emergency landing , the President 's move to a secure location -- maggie ntry for attention ) Sir , if I could just -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 34 . nervous techie whoever do this finally manage to infiltrate we defense network -- which be what they try to do in Qatar ... only this time , it work . keller what no they get ? nervous techie we still do not know . keller what about the virus ? nervous techie again , no idea what it will do . so far it be not affect we system , hit egat could change any second . admiral brighey - this be obviously the firs& pff&se of a bigger plan ... presumah# a major strike against the U.S. kelser any idea who we ’#e molg at ? adirab brigham Russia and ci¥na afe the only country with this kind ef ¢apability . maggie that 's a , niistgke . everyone stop , tutng - catch off guard by she bravado . admiral brigham whe it hell be you ? who 's she ? keller ( glaring at maggie ) fhe analyst who detect the hack . maggie Sir , I be just try to say : in theory , it would take twenty year to crack we security code -- no one on earth could do it . admiral brigham really . then tell I why we latest satellite imagery show China double its naval activity -~- 68 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 35 . maggie maybe they be just . respond to we movement as a precaution -- admiral brigham ' maybe 's be not a word we build we defense posture on -- maggie I would like to think it 's not a word you have go to war over either , sir. ( brigham glare ) if I could just have some time to stully they signal pattern ~~ keller no : we have senior analyst on th&t -~ now look , if you can not find a way @o muzzle every kneejerk impulse@ that cross you mind , i_am takifgy ybu out . the man turn away from she , head off maggie Sir ... ( annoyed , kemen turn ) there 's more to #hisi tyan meet the eye . i_know it . ext . tinker AIR force bas ®.- oklahoma - morning 68 flashing light . military and police vehicle cover the tarmac surround AIR force on® , now a crime scene . forensics crews search every inch of . the plane . pan to ... the wheel well soundwave drop @owm . cross the tarmac , unseen . come to a police car . % 8y @®eor open -- as if it be wait for soundwave : the police ote be another decepticon : '' brawl . '' soundwave climb in , reshaping '' into stereo form . slot into the dashboard , fusing itself with the police car , become part of it . behin@ the wheel , tendril of blue electricity form a figure : the moustache man hologram . his clothes smoothly change shape and color , morph into the attire of a police officer . the cop car roll to a gate . a soldier wave . the '' officer '' wave back . in so do , he fritzes . as the police car drive off into the night , we prelap : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 36 . sheriff voice so the guy with the moustache just -- in you word -- just ' fizzle 's into thin air ? and you car be drive by itself ... 69 int . police station - morning 69 Sam , exhaust , unravel , sit beside he father as wet grill by the sheriff : SAM yes -- yes -- that 's what I say , coud '' be any clearer then how crystal clear '' im be right now ?! it , like ... transformed . it stand up ! sheriff - wow . some cruise control , nygfpe on ron be look , it 's be a long nigyt , he 's upset , and I be take he homeg shersef we will run it throb €h@ wire , see what turn up . as Sam and ron head out , #ne heriff murmur to ron : '' sygeirf ( cont 'd ) you know ... it 's ' you responsibility to talk to yofff go about drug . 70 ext . police station day 70 ron and Sam make '' sygiw way down the station step ... — — ron wana tell I what really happen ? SAM ( lose , a beat ) . jemember when you say you have pick I up , no question ask ? ron that ... be the deal , yeah . they stop at ron 's car . SAM dad ... y’k now how great gramp pretty much ... fly over the cuckoo 's nest ? think it could have be pass down to I ? ( more ) 76 77 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 37 . SAM ( cont 'd ) like ... some kind of mutant witwicky gene ? off ron , worried ... ext . qatar desert - vast plain - dusk 76 dotting the vast desert landscape , telephone pole be oprineck by a single high - tension wire . boom down to ... the boy lead we soldier toward a tiny , isolate 4 be 'e land hamlet -- a few dozen hut , crumble building in e*distance , suddenly , one of the pole shudder as if shift byesometh below . ground . , a aging wood - frame sign , maybe 30 foot high n@reak and start to give way , crashing down . frightened buzzdka fly away . lennox and the men turn -- alert -- how bib that fall ?! the sand beneath donnely shake then borge as a hint of something metal and snake - like slithé&s beneath he -- he fire he rifle into the sand and the thi¥f d&sappear -- total silence ... tension pulse@ . #.@ken : bam ! skorponok explode frcm , the und , sand spray everywhere as its barb - tail yank doanehy ear off he foot , flipping he upside - down mid-air , guirana he beneath the surface ! tapox move move move !!! the soldier bolt toward ®he village -- camera -- low , wild -- close in on they , 4&st#r and faster -- skorponok leap ™@@m whe sand like a great white shark , dropping back down onto 4 team member ! int . village en@ampment . - continuous mo 77 dog bark lag mad horse rear and stampede -- tribesman shout in arabi '' be the soldier run in , lennox order he man : lennox take cover ! form a perimeter ! we team dive into defensive position behind mud wall . a man , akram , run up see mahfouz , he son . subtitled arabic : akram where have you be ? 78 79 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 38 . mahfouz ( point to soldier ) this man save my life , papa ! lennox do you have a phone ?!! ( shout , to team ) Lay down fire !! akram this way -- as they run off toward a hut , the soldier FIRE gt s%orponok as it leap in and out of the sand . the metal monat@y fire back massive plasma blast -- thatched hut ignite wid structure be vaporize into dust -- int . mahfouz 's hut - continuous 78 the door burst open as lennox and akram wum~in -- akram grab a cell phone -- lennox dial , shout ag@ tffm loud gunfire outside : indian opbrat@r ( v.0 . ) AT&T , how may I direct fyoum call ? lensdx International tc the usm , this be a emergency pentagen ga rl -- indibn operator ( v.0 . ) you cell servreg do not include long distance minute , Sir . do you have a major cred#€ ward ? '' lennox listen *t iqneed you to put I thro -- indian operator ( v.0 . ) inl '' be happy to connect you , Sir ... with '' wagdr credit card . shit ! leni@x '' turn , burst outside as : ext . village encampment - continuous 79 bullet ~ wierely deflect off skorponok 's armor-shielded chassis -- fig fire a grenade launcher -- the sand explode -~ skorponok vanish in rapid-fire flash : epps I hit it , but it will not go down ! lennox race in , spin fig around -- indicate the cell : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 39 . lennox i_need a credit card !!! figueroa '' + + get no credit , sarge , I be break ! lennox race on to epp , who blast madly at skorponok -* epps come on , sucker ! I ’ma take a patch outta you ass !! indian operator ( v.o. ) Sir , there 's no need for that kind sf language -- lennox ( into phone ) . no , not you ! hang on !! ( to epp ) you wallet !!! epps back pocket !! lennox pull the wallet from @pn@ ' pocket , roll off dodging plasma blast as he fumble < hr@ggq the credit card : lenror got. i er. n ress , and don 's T tell me_you do not taremit -- indian operator would you @ike to hear about we premium plus wo#id s@fvice Package ? it allow you oné@ hgnere free minute for - ~ ; lennox I @aplespecial offer !!! put the damn cate yarough now !!! oe a81 int . the penzagon - central pbx routing station - continuous a81 line ring . -a pentagon operator answer : pentagon operator Pentagon emergency line -- lennox United States Air Force Officer under hostile fire , request relay to soccom -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 40 . b81 c81 d81 e81 ext . village encampment - continuous b81 lennox shout into the phone as explosion blast around he , he team member be taken out one - by-one : lennox we be under continue attack from a unknown aggressor ! need immediate air support ! int , the pentagon - intel CENTER - continuous c8l a console tech snap around to keller , who 's condferf with a agent across the room : console tech . Sir ! Satellite 's tracking a secumity team under fire in Qatar , they say . they be survivor of the bas@ aatack --— we get a - 10 patrol on the wayg @ keller put it on the monitor } a satellite feed appear . on the pilawmea@ -- in real - time , as represent by thermal signatore : keller see lennox and he team battle skorponok -- ' kedrbr ( cont 'd ) ..- what be fat ? ext . village encampment - continuous d81 lennox toss the cel¥ assde , run to he man -- lennox we ggf @ beam -rider incoming ! paint the tar ! the man fan chiz , form a perimeter around skorponok as they aim they r¥fr@ xaser designator : we see intersect red beam tracking th@beast -- '' painting '' the target for : ext . skieg above desert - continuous e81 two a=@l0 bighter jets scream over the dune . in the cockpit , the las@g designator appear on the tracking display : a-10 pilot # 2 Star one to base : we have acquire target - — - 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 41 . f8i g8l '' h81 j81 81 ext . village encampment - continuous f81 skorponok fire pulse blast at fig who dive but take a serious hit -~ the thermal imager tumble from he pack , roll across the sand . the creature advance on the imager -- ext . skie above desert - a-10 cockpit -— continuous g81 a-10 pilot # 2 Star one , lock on -- mav missile leap off the rocket pod , blast through the air -- ext . village encampment - continuous h81 lennox see the income missile , dive inte @ ga@lly embankment as they hit skorponok dead on ! but when the gmoke clear , it 's unharmed ! lennox no_way . he swing around at the roar of a @ugome ac - 130 gunship . massive . enough fire - power to carget jpomb a town . lenox ( c@nt'd ) incoming !!! the soldier run as the mass tiwe plane fire 6,000 degree '' sabot '' ( " say - bow " ) round at sk@xponak ! a eye-sear explosion ! the man seem to disappear in the blast -- int , the pentagon - inter CENTER - continuous j81 the white hot signa@bre billow on the thermal feed -- keller whatwhapyen ?! do we lose they ?!! techie tes one : do you have a visual on the seldier , over --?!! ext . vilbage encampment - continuous 81 a tern sp héat ... then lennox appear through the smoke , wave a signal ®fare as the jet streak overhead ... victory ! a-10 pilot # 2 copy , base : we get they . lennox sink to he knee , thermal imager in hand . epp beside he . villager emerge from hide . among they , mahfouz , akram ... safe ... 82 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 42 . as smoke clear , skorponok be reveal : flap around , its razor- barb leg fight to stand . one of the leg fall off as the creature burrow back into the sand ... epps man ... that 's some freaky wick machine . lennox stare , drain of strength -- the sound of fast ; heavy breathing turn he to ... fig , he chest rise with shallow breath , woundey '' behnox race over -- lennox stay with I , oh man -- stay with ~ ( shout to epp ) get mo -evac down here now !!! int . SAM 's room - afternoon 82 SAM snap upright , stir from slee# . reality crash : be it alla great b® get up , open the door : he mom be stand there , rried , try for casual . jude hi , honey . wanné t@&k wbout it ? say - can this waif gil both my eye be open ? judy sure ... I not go to the market . can I get you anytbitag gpecial ? he shake he head , no ) wanna tal& @bout it ? SAM mon @eriously . I be fine , do not worry . judy wy . okay ... love you , honey . she go ) . wgfry . Sam shuffles from the room and we hold on he ' eompu screen show ... he e-b&y auction page . match to : the same e- BAY page on another computer screen . we be : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 43 . a83 int . the police car ( brawl ) - parked ~- continuous a83 83 84 soundwave , on the passenger 's seat -- beady eye study the auction page on a police terminal attach to the dash . soundwave 's Pov : captain witwicky 's spectacle . pan to tie. crudely draw alien symbol in the old newspaper article then ... '' E - Bay seller contact information '' : Sam 's name to : photograph ! from he smiling face , we go to ... int . kitchen - afternoon 83 Sam 's groggy face as he bumble in , unaware he 's @he target of alien robot . out the window , we see he momp wagon back out of the driveway , leave . wiping sleep from he eye , Sam open the ptegye , rummages . mojo start yapping wildly at something sitnide . SAM shut up , mojo ... Sam grab milk , and when he close ' the fridge ... he camaro 's in the driveway , parked right up bcbtnss the glass door . Sam scream -- drop the milk -- @ak *® cordless phone and run as he dial : -midr ( v.o. ) ee lo ? SAM mile it ’s{ m -~ I think maybe it be a dream , it® nat , it 's real , it 's alive -- I bough# aten 's camaro ! ext . mile 's housy % backyard - continuous 84 mile try tesmaragle the phone in he shoulder while wash he 200 pounda bng@lish mastiff -- intercutting : a mile ihda , slow down , what 's alive ? SAM '' my car , it steal itself , it walk , now it 's back , it 's try to kill I ! I think ... it want my soul . the huge mastiff fart . mile recoil , wave it away -- mile oh , mason , no ! bad ! I gotta call you back , I be in the middle of a environmental disaster here ~-- bad dog ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 44 , a85 b85 SAM I be come over , don 's oo a here ! he throw down the phone -- check out the bedroom window -- run from the house , grab he mom 's pink bike and pedal off -- ext . glen 's grandmother' house - day a85 a taxi pull up beneath a giant CITY bridge . maggie g@ ®ut , pay the driver , move quickly to the door of a tiny rouge -- int . glen 's grandmother' house - day b85 glen , maggie 's think tank buddy , surround by hu®ger wrapper , play '' warcraft '' online . doorbell . annoy hfy age distraction , he open the door : maggie -- Glen turn crimgom , gn he boxer : glen maggie maggie --?! ( pushep past he ) can I gomer in ? woman' vot glen , who be it ?!! glen hold on , grandma ! ( to maggte what happen tg é be it the traffic light thing ? mag@ie be not the traffic light thing , I need you help «- glen this ig gpnfia get I in trouble , huh ? woman' voice glebeewn !!) ! glen Yau gotta go , you be give my grandma a. geart attack ! glem.s grandmother enter in a bathrobe , curler in she hair -- glen 's grandma who 's she ? glen no one , grandma , just a friend -- glen' grandma be you play that video game again ?! you be a grow man ! ( more ) 85 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 45 . glen' grandma ( cont 'd ) vow turn that off , I x11 make you a grill cheese sandwich ... do you friend want one ? maggie I have love a grill cheese sandwich , Ms. whitmann . Glen 's grandma cough for he attention , nod to maggie *™§ shoe and the plastic flooring over the shag as she exit -- glen take off you shoe and stay on the plastic . grandma 's weird about foot touch the carpet . maggie ( kick off she shoe ) Glen , please , no one 's better at ' aggnal decryption than you , you be @ only one smart enough to understand what x be talk about -- glen do you just complimenty I by compliment yourg@Re2 ? maxecth see what I meany ye bee right through I ! as he shove she toward ths dgor , maggie pull . a mini - CD from she bag : maggie ( cont 'd ) nonono , peo -- wanna see something classificp ? int . the pentagos - continuous 85 keller and a le tread a corridor -- aide he ranger get a thermal snapshot of atever hit the base , but the imager be damage . we be work on it now . they '’ré antersect by a security agent : agent we have a security issue . Circle log indicate one of the analyst make a copy of the network intrusion signal . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 46 . keller ( a sigh ) maggie marconi ? agent yessir ... how would you know ? 86 int . glen 's grandmother' house - continuous 86 on a monitor , the wave form bounce furiously -- : glen signal strength 's through the roof -+ where have you say you get it ? . maggie it hack the Pentagon in less than a minute -- glen that 's impossible -- it would be jxe ... real artificial Intelligence , ike bass the chinese box test , like . '' stmtient -- magg : so where have it com& fon . geer uh ... r2- D2 ? vrc@ie seriously . sglen r2 - D2 . '' mean , it look like some kind of mactfink @anguage -~ but one I have never see téfore . . maggie jaa# of one of we finally say it out -- otis ... be we really talk about , ike , alien machine here ? glen fwho say life on other planet have to evolve from carbon ? why not silicon ? they share a look . he notice something in the sound graph : glen ( cont 'd ) wait a minute ... look like ... there 's something embed in the signal . 87 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 47 . maggie gotta be the file they hack -- can you open it ? he type -- the file name appear : '' project ice man : above '' top ecret : sector acc : only . '' maggie ( cont 'd ) Project ... Ice man ? glen what 's sector Seven ? maggie no idea -- and the file open to reveal ... ST ing al code . the same_ code we saw burned onto captain witwicky 's ses ! glen what be that ? bam : from out of nowhere , the fronz * bqo '' fly OPEN as agent burst in -- maggie and glen be thrown to the floor as glen be grandma enter , scream -- ss agent # 4 maggie maggie marconi , you be undex he's not a part of this !! arrest for the unauthoriged theft of classified ~ glen information -- you have tha what be this -- what 's go right to remain silent on !?!! grandma , it 's okay , anything you say can ghd will calm down ! be use against you im a gourt of law -- glen' grandma tell they to stay on the plastic ! ext . tranquilizy s@reet - dusk 87 Sam pedal #uresasly on he mom 's bike , haul ass through town -- look ov@ * he shoulder to see if he 's be follow and ... yes , indgeas he camaro appear down the block behind he . Sam freak ard uace around a corner , nearly collide with ... MI : ag she exit a Burger King with friend . Sam swerve , wobbles , . slam into a tree --. tumble off the bike landing hard : mikaela oh my god ! Sam , be you okay ?!! SAM {getting up , daze , he cojone aching ) ( more ) 88 90 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 48 . SAM ( cont 'd ) I ? no , I be fine , it be ... great to know you ... I have have a good life and ... mikaela be you hurt ? I mean -- Sam see the camaro appear , creep around the corner -- SAM I be lose my mind ! I gotta go !!! in terror , he grab he bike and pedal off fast . m#ik¢@wta 's friend share glance . she 's worried -- : mikaela I 'il catch up , okay ? she unlock a vespa from a rack and climb ort -- as she 's about to pull out into the street , a police car 20 m past , nearly hit she . she screech , yelling at #hp driver -~- int . police car - moving - continuous 88 in the rearview , mikaela recede ipf®ttte distance . we angle to the driver ... the moustache man tn .cop¥s uniform . '' brawl '' have come to tranouili@y , ext . creepy parking lot under '' reeway overpass - dusk 90 Sam bike fast across a parking lot , totally paranoid -- look over he shoulder : moving Pov -- through a ®ea of car window -- the camaro drive down a parallel aisle} , .stall following SAM he pedal faster , 105 t see the police car up ahead -- the driver door swinss ©! : bam !! Sam 's once again knocked off he bike ~- hit thy ground harder than last time -- peel himself up , in pain -+ more than that , piss off -- SAM a @hat ... hurt ! so lame ! this be like the worst day ever ! : agaimst the headlight glare , Sam see the moustached officer behing the wheel -- SAM ( cont 'd ) oh , officer , thank God ! you be not gonna believe this , but my car 's try to kill mell ! { the cop do not move ) hel -lo !? be you listening to I ?!!! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 49 . Sam slam he fist onto the hood . the police car jut forward , knock he on he ass . this be no joke . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( scared now ) sorry , Officer , I do not mean any disrespec - — - the headlight cover swing open and the bare bulb telbqcobe outward like two alien snake , right into SAM 's petrs&kiew face ! within six second , the cop car transform , risi . tnhep a 16 ft . tall robot ! ' this have just become the scariest of SAM 's s_ life . he run like hell -- behind he , we see give chase : SAM ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! oh shit ! oh shit ! whack ! brawl 's metal hand swat SAM intg AIR -- he slam into a windshield , spiderwebbing the gla ! .. jatching in terror as the robot stomp forward : SAM ( con bad dream , bad dream lemme just wake upyft % brawl lean over Sam on the ®ha@te# ¢d windshield , face to face -- he hand smash the side af war , the tire exploding -- ' am , please braw where be you stral artifact ?! ! where be they ?! scare out of he skn&¥&l , gam only stammer ... brawl ( cont 'd ) have @®r& hotobots see the code ?! SAM I tht ae ae 77 what you're talking ab-b-out -— brawl fou will not live to help they . brawl , hand reach for Sam but he leap onto the roof -~ jump -- hit &he ground running -- the empty car behind he get flipped aside as brawl hurl it away , stomping after Sam -— - he round a corner and collide with mikaela on her vespa -- now she and she bike go tumble -- 91 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 50 . mikaela SAM ow , my arm !!! mikaela , you gotta get up !! ( realize it 's he ) get up now !!! mikaela , Sam ?!!! what 's wrong with seriously , run !!! you ?!! what 's go on ?!! a_massive steel foot slam down on mikaela's vesp . cru : i to dust ! she look up , sees brawl and scream her head ppt ! suddenly , another car roar in -- if be the C : olly Si i ] '' dive , roll mikaela out of the way as the camaro do @ ad apih powerslide , smash into brawl , knocking it acrog¢ ge asphalt ! the passenger door swing OPEN : '' rescue I '' explo@as from the speaker . the camaro honk -~ mikaela what' go on ?!! brawl rise . the camaro honk again -- sa@mimake a decision : SAM get in the car !!!! they dive in , the camaro peel tt . 4 % brawl run after they , transform back into cop - ~cay f@rim -- ext . street - warehouse disertet™ < continuous 91 the car chase barrel th®augh abandon skeletal warehouse , through a old train yard - side panel on the cog ae rise up : rocket pod load with missile -- the camar§ swrves leave and right as they streak past -— - Sam and mikgwla be toss like rag doll , scream : mikabt#y SAM this isn ’t happbring - this be whatever , whoever , wherever not happening jy you come from just gogogo !!! the camaro foame a dead - end and peel a 180 , spin so it 's now facing ®%e oncoming cop car in a game of chicken : SAM '' bad idea ! bad idea ! bad idea ! the cameo charge ~~ so do brawl fire a missile -- it streak past the camaro 's windshield , Sam 's head snapping around as he follow the con-trail in SHOCK : SAM ( cont 'd ) -- be that a missile ?!! mikaela -- yeah , think so ! 92 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 51 . the missile detonate nearby . second before collide , the car swerve -- a grappling cable launch from the camaro , coiling around the cop car 's bumper -- it 's spun around and now the camaro 's pulling the cruiser leave and right , smashing it into tree bre , telephone pole . the camaro screech to a stop , door fly open . saif arr mikaela be throw into the dirt , scramble for footiftg as 's section of the camaro peel back like a banana --. grinbing , rising , stacking before there very eye -- and wy boom up , dramatically revealing the body of ... another robot . its name : bumblebee . brawl '' rsnsuorm too and the robot charge -- : Sam and mikaela find themselves stick be # wstan the two metal beast -- a section of brawl 's chest opefiff yp and out spring ... oundwave ! ' the super -thin robot hurtile at the kid , grab they shirt , spin they 360 ! they @— ~ rben into -- ext , tranquility estate ~ nicr# — 92 in the still under-construcmon@bo¥ sing area , bumblebee leap to protect the kid , swinging a ras he take the brunt of brawl 's hit -- bb 's hurt : pack Ward , roll up , pile-drive into brawl whose massive leg sgyoops inches over the kid 's head ! brawl flip bb onto he back , slamming he down on a aluminum shed . bb recover , t@ar® up a STREET lamp , swing ... knocking brawl across the road towsrd ... SAM and mikaela -- wilo roll urgently out of the way . soundwave lash at Sam , g#ambiwfg he jeans and dragging he close ... SAM ged if off , get it off ! he’s got I , I ’m gong die !!! ! SAM wiggbes right out of he jeans to escape soundwave 's grasp -- hop uprxyght in he black sock , tennis shoe and boxer -- yelmg& a amimal cry of rage , ready for battle -- mikaela hey !!! soundwave snap around : mikaela 's grab a power saw , wield it like a weapon , eye on fire : mikaela ( cont 'd ) why don ’t you come after I , you anorexic metal freak ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 52 . soundwave leap at she . she swing the see , cutting off he arm . Sam swing a piece of metal rebar , batter crazily at soundwave 's head , whack it clear off !! bumblebee 's hand come up , he arm transforming into a ENERGY cannon : he fire a burst , it hit brawl 's chest like a moy ~ launch ... knocking he into a construction pit where he 's - " impale on spike . winding to a stop , brawl slump . jt@t a5 -- soundwave 's headless torso crumple . the dust clear& réeweal Sam in he boxer . look down at soundwave 's sey@re@ head , twitching spastically , mouth still chitter -- - SAM not so tough without a body , be yf ? he kick the head but its tooth clamp onto Sam 's foot . he dance around in a panic , try to shake t® ef -- SAM ( cont 'd ) get it off ! get it off !! his shoe fling off , soundwave 's hg@a#@ s®ill attach to it -- mikabla SAM ... chill !! bumblebee approach . pick up Sam 's jeans , offer they to he : SAM ( in confgl@te awe ) uh ... thanks . bumblebee smile . safty qu&ckly put he pants back on as ... mikaela what £m 16 SAM a v@bet . I think . but like ... super '' d@astte . probably japanese . gotta be yepancse . . full of wonderment , he move closer to bumblebee ... mikaela ihat be you do ? bumblebee take a step closer , too . look down at Sam , like a puppy come to meet he master . Sam smile ... SAM I do not think he 's gonna hurt we ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 53 . mikaela oh , yeah ?! you speak ' robot 's ?! Cause they just have like , a droid death match and you be act like it 's ... herbie ! Boy and robot stare at each other . connection . SAM I think ... they want something from I . mikaela like what -- ?! SAM the other one keep ask about my ' ancestral artifact ’... and sométran@ about a code ... mikaela whatever that mean ... SAM ( to bumblebee ) can you ... talk ? bumblebee shake he head no , sligte @ dog . a dj voice : '' xm satellite radio , a hundred and &higty digital channel of non - stop , commercial - free musig , mawsy and entertainment -- " SAM '' cont ' D ) I think he talxg #hrough the stereo . affirmative '' applause ! tom the stereo . SAM ( cont 'd ) +». what be you do out last night ? a radio evangel3§t 's sermon : '' and a mighty voice will send a message , summe@fiyi9 forth visitor from heaven ...! " SAM ( cont ’d ) ~.- you be call someone ? mikaela ' Visitors from heaven 's ... what be you , like ... a alien or something ? bumblebee nod and squeak . his door swing OPEN . SAM I think it want we to get in ... mikaela ( hesitate ) and go where ? 94 95 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 54 . SAM J go know , but think about it ... fifty year from now when we be look back on / we life , do not you wanna be able to say we have the gut to find out ? mikaela chew on that ... pregnant pause ... then she decigion come as a slam CUT to the camaro peeling out , spraying gravel -- ext . STREET - continuous 94 as bumblebee cruise , mikaela check out the shodgy imerior : mikaela : wait asec ... if you can like , resfiape yourself , why would you pick such a kowgtw ? I mean , you could be anything ... might ? bumblebee slam the brake , skid -- passemmer door swing open and Sam and mikaela be ejected on the pawement : SAM ( vise , recoveatitagy great , you hurt its fepling . the windshield -- its inner c@rcamberence turn into a wall screen : rapid- fire imaging a4 biggb¥ebee scan the street : zooming fast , jump fromeaga p tc car , analyze , search for the perfect one -- stop @n : jd_n ! 2 hevy 0 gto . beam shoot from bumblebee '' meadlight , '' tran - scanning '' it : this be how transformer replicate mechanical shape . bumblebee 's chassis s@artb reshaping ! they gape as metal morph , twist ingw df exact duplicate of the gto . bitchin . mikaela now @bis be a car ! rock guitar baste as bumblebee zoom off -- int . the penbagon - interrogation room - night 95 one- way firmer look in on maggie and Glen , sit side - by - sid@ at a ffétal table . her mind spin as he eye dart , eat through hés anxiety -- time cut as he chow five donut from a plate orm the table : glen ( spitting crumb ) look , just , just -- do not say anything , I know how this guy work . they be gonna try and play we against each other , do not fall for it . bear claw ? 96 97 99 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 55 . a interrogation agent enter and Glen instantly crumble , slide away from she , point : glen ( cont 'd ) it 's all she ! she do it ! I will turn state 's evidence , whatever you need ! maggie -- Glen !! glen ( about to cry or throw up ) sorry mag , I be not go to jail far you , or anybody ! I have not do anyéfx bad in my entire life ! I mean , 3 's tesi#ill a virgin ! okay , maybe I downlqad&d 3200 illegal song off limewire and T eack the CIA once but I just wantgd & free badge , I 'il give it back -- . maggie glen , shut up !! glen no , you shut up , @gimtnal !! ( suddenlY dmzywy whoa , sugar high . '' maggbe ( to the agént ) listen : the signal 's a machine language , maybe ever a en -- and yes I know how that sounag , wut they download a file , somethivy lauele ' sector Seven 's -- it 's some kina@ af code ! you gotta tell kelle , b@tore we go to war with the wrorfy pedéple ! ext . hillside asowe CITY - night ness 96 the camaro il up . Sam and mikaela get out , look up at the sky . UN light flicker through the cloud ... mikaela --. uh , Sam ? ext . space - eternal night 97 in the distance , Earth . suddenly : a burning comet blast toward it ! hitting the atmosphere , the comet break into five piece -- Sam and mikaela see the biggest one crash two acre away -- 99 plowing up earth , skidding , dirt exploding everywhere -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 56 . on instinct , mikaela grab Sam , clutches he tight as ... the comet come to a stop . they realize they be hold each other and awkwardly let go , play nonchalant ~~ mikaela SAM -- sorry -- -- it 's cool -- a100ext . national league baseball stadium - night a100 100 101 103 aerial view of a baseball park , a game in full swing a 3 urning comet careen overhead , crash in a alley behind '' stadium -- int . STREET cafe - night : 100 Three teens eat , laugh . one of they film hi# fiend with a video camera . we be in its Pov when suddendy the cafe window implode , car fly as a secgnercomet blow past -- everything 's whipped out of frame -- #h¥kid with the camera run from the store to get this on tape ~ int . modern hillside estate - little bqy 's * room - night 101 a five year old boy lie in bed . @e 's miss a front tooth . a distant thunderclap send he . #ea@niRg irom he bed . -- over to the window where a third comb@ ceasge into he pool . excite , he reach under bis {git¥ow and pull out ... he tooth . think the tooth fairy @ jut arrive , he race happily off ... ext . hillside - night 103 Sam , mikaela , and bumféfiee follow a trail of flaming tree . a highway divide they rom a ditch where a FOURTH comet land -- and now we see it 's .a '' ract not a meteorite , but ... a silver sphere bed in the ground . a complex tangle of metal , drip @hite - hot silver bead . metal bit tha lve drip off its side reverse gravity and reattach thamseivWes , blend back into the sphere . it open like a blassem mercury flower . then , emerge : a metallyc leg ... a arm ... the peak of a head ... agat ing oak tree ; silhouette rise up into wo - legged sst endoskele ' . Sam and mikaela gape at its thirty - five foot frame . a horn blast : a eighteen wheeler be rush toward they from down the highway . the mechanoid 's face turn toward the oncoming truck , tran - scanning it : the massive endoskeleton start reshaping ... the truck roar past ... and when it clear frame ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 57 . 104 105 106 a second , identical truck be facing SAM and mixaela from across the road . the mechanoid have transformed itself ! ext . auto row - exotic car dealership - night 104 a exotic car spin in the window . the second endoskelet@n . appear before it . the endo 's Pov : a alien-readout , scanrg.n¥ the car 's dimension down to the centimeter ... ext . down old alley to funky t.v. shop - continuous 105 rushing with the cafe kid past a chew - up park : ta as they approach a huge fiery hole in the side of a old * bhop . FIRE truck and ambulance race onto the scene , man jpiwge out -- Pov through the video camera : kid # 1 be it a asteroid ?!! kid # 2 something move ! there , £,00r4 camera Pov -- a massive , indiscern&bla shape be visible only for a instant before disappearing ifto @ cloud of smoke ... kib @.9 % ) what be it ?!! of gqd what be that ?!!! from the smoke , a ambul '' nce eferge -- a exact duplicate of the one we just see arriv& it screech off -- ext . hillside house - night 106 the pool in the boy = ba€kyard have evaporate into steam . the boy approach , out 4@n@le behind he as ... another monstrous metal foot emerq@ though the steam ... a hand ... the boy' facr , h®s look tracking up ... up ... as the shadow of the FOURTH endqsheleton rise before he . the boy -. show no fear , only worttea#ment ... as he offer the robot he tooth : little boy paddy say I get five dollar ... on a heaxcby driveway sit a black dooley pickup truck . the robot 's * massive unseen form move off , rustling through tree , crushing through a fence . the boy 's parent burst through the back door -- SHOCK : dad Holy God , what_happe to the pool ?! little boy the tooth fairy drank it ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 58 . 111 a engine roar turn they head -- they see a duplicate of there pickup truck roaring away from the house ... ext . hillside - continuous 111 the eighteen - wheeler drive across the road toward Sam and mikaela . its huge grill stop inches from they . they ta#emplb as the truck transform into ... oh yes , optimus prime . the other vehicle roar in , stop beside optimus & transforming into robot form . reflected in there eye : as one , the robot access the internet -- " yahoo '' appear -- and they download every oy , of data in cyberspace : million of image throughout he 2 reese culture . optimus assess Earth 's population count , arfa because china be # 1 with '' 1,300,000,000 , '' he first word to @i}m be in boomin chinese . they stare , dumbfounded ... mikaela ( barely a whisper 4 be that ... chinese ? hear she , optimus 's readout 40kg ex '' english . '' he lower down , he massive face ten . tiffeswpngger than they body . when he speak , we recognize he voreg #rom we open voice over : optauus Samuel James &itwigky ? ancestor to Archibald amun witwicky , captain of the sailing vessél ' Discovery 's ? SAM y-yeah . 7 optimus I ant epee Prime . mikaela onty ou ... speak English too ? optimus le have assimilate earth 's language hrough you world wide web . bumblebee play the yodel - like '' yahooo - 0000 '' jingle . SAM you be alien ... optimus correct . we be autonomous robotic organism from the planet cybertron . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 59 . mikaela autonomous robot ... autobot ... optimus there be no translation for we individual nomenclature . SAM you mean ... you name ? optimus yes -- they have be select from y vocabulary to approximate we behavigtal - temperament . ( be : the exotic car ) my first Lieutenant . designation : gaz . jazz a greeting . optimus ( the pickup truck } we weapon specialist , '' ged in the tri- peninsular torus state of praxus : ironhide . ir® : ( admiriag fimself ) this exoskelegon apphar suitable for battle . optimus ( t4fe @mbulance ) we mediga@ Officer , chief emissary to the hig4 commeil of ancient : ratchet . a holographic mewraal scan emit from ratchet -- as it pass over Sam and mirela like a X -ray , they be reveal for a minute in thej@ gmwerwear -- . aay mikaela -- whoa -- -- hey , scan people be not cool -- : ratchet salutation , female : you be healthily commence the fifth state of puberty . Sam witwicky , you be still in the fourth , but progress nicely . SAM ( bett red ) okay , thanks for that , good to know ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 60 . mikaela the female 's name be mikaela bane . optimus understood , mikaela bane . and you already know bumblebee , guardian of Sam witwicky . / SAM bumblebee ...? from bumblebee 's speaker , muhammad ali and he famoim catchphrase play : " float like a butterfly , stigig thike a bee . '' mikaela if you can talk , why can not he ? ratchet his vocal processor be desty ow¥ed.on the battlefield of tyger pax . optimus we come in search of ne. go cube -— a supreme power that irfbue$ we with the gift of ' spark . 's ragchre the life force .witfin 411 transformer . ptimus we must find to gabe before megatron do . SAM +.» whos megatron ? optimus pause . / fuswer with a heavy heart ... : optimus ofice# , jwe be brother -- united . twin soe among the dynasty of prime . but ‘ggeed twisted he into a servant of evil , enturn he army against we ... for eis betrayal , they bear the name : " decepticon ... '' optimus * froject a 3-d holographic image mid-air : a battle image from cybertron : crater , carnage , destruction for mile . Machine limb litter the ground ... we find : a lone figure atop the graveyard of transformer remain . though we only see he from behind , he massive form be terrifying . megatron . stand over a dying autobot . megatron plunge a fist into the autobot '’s chest , rip out he spark ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 61 . optimus ( cont 'd ) megatron feed on the spark of the vanquish , grow stronger with each one he consume ... megatron bellow a deafening roar as the image fade away®g. sf optimus ( cont 'd ) the war nearly extinguish we race . that who survive be force to flee , .. ironhide megatron be first to follow the cube s~ signal here before succumb to tha ... ice ... where you ancestor encounteréo he . SAM the Ice man ... ratchet yes : you grandfather accsienbally trigger megatron 's sn i@onal system , which hold coordinateg to 0 the cube 's location on earth . trbz the beam blind mm ... but it leave a code imprint as iy . what do you mean code imprint 's ? * optimus on he prosfretic lense . SAM his be ? the map to the cube be on hig eee '' ( reeling ) &*. - how have you know all this ? or that even have they ? . ' tronhide ml ++» e- Bay . SAM no _way . opriMus if we be first to reach the cube , we will return it to we homeworld and rebuild we race . coe 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 62 . 112 SAM and if megatron find it ? optimus he will use it to transform you planet 's machinery -- a new legion of decepticon bear to a single purpose : conquest of the universe ... beginning with earth . Long pause . mikaela look over at Sam ... mikaela for the love of God , please tell I ypu have that glass . int . c-17 cargo plane - mid - AIR - continuous ~ 112 we soldier ( lennox , epp , and five more 's , uegd stateside . around a surgical table , a R&D team st skorponok 's severe tail . though damage , section of it arégsJowly regenerating : R&D team lerqer unbelievable ... it 's som k¥rd of self - — regenerate molecular jarmyr ... lennox lean closer , study she g@ction where the artillery round burn off the leg from the west of the body ... senrox lookit the s@%xch mark where the sabot round hit -- méete right through . a magnifying lens lowgf€ tto the char edge . close up , we see : R&D team leader it 's the wnfy part that be not be - geneya@any . lennox sdhet 's be hot-loade for a six thousand aeguse magnesium burn ... this thing '' ~ mgact to temperature . the tail gulpenly move ! its deadly point lash reflexively , pierging steel table clear-through ! everyon 's ' leap back ! and as abruptly as it come alive , the tail go limp again . everyone take a breath . R&D team leader ++ reflex . ( beat ) I hope . 113 115 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 63. lennox ( to epp ) get on the radio with Northern Command -- we effective weapon be high -heat sabot round . recommend we load they in all we gunship . go . as epp move off , a mo -evac tech appear behind lenno® from a mobile infirmary area .. shake he head gravely . lenn®y % peshes past he to find fig lay there , rag . near deat . lennox ( cont 'd ) hey , amigo . figueroa not gonna get ... that perfect day . afin I , sarge ? lennox you kid ? we be almost tlfeftea man ... just breathe easy , I will taf® yeu the plan ... this time next we®& , you 'il be kick you board over barqwoise water . six foot glassy point mreag , no one out but you ... fig 's breathe slow . his at} s#art to relax . mlenror ( cont 'd ) Light offshore bre@ze . longneck wait in a cooler , ic& @lat . and ‘here come that wave ... sweép you up , you ride the tube all té#te way down the coast ... right into the sgnsd@t , bro . teat ) and thera jf be ... you perfect day . fig 's smile . mhat *s how he die . lennox 's face turn cold with anger . ghav@mize by he friend 's death . ext . CITY sgreup - night : 113 the autofot race through suburban street , optimus in the lead . they turm onfo Sam 's block ... int . wbsiwezcky house - live room ~ night 115 ron and Judy sit in the live room . mojo on Judy 's lap . ron scan news channel with a remote -- all station play someone 's home video footage of the comet blast across the sky -- news reporter Police station be inundate with call report unidentified light in the sky . we just pick up this eyewitness video : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 64 . it 's the shaky -cam footage the kid take when the comet land . ron and jody watch , rapt . mojo perk up , sense something ... a1l16ext . alley behind witwicky house - night all6 the autobot roll up . Sam and mikaela hop out of the camér@ SAM stay with they , I will be right back -- ( then , to the autobot ) stay . stay here . stay . b116ext . witwicky house - side door - continuous b1l16 Sam creep toward the back screen door . it svdde@a_ly open -- he find himself face - to- face with he dad . mogd bark like mad at ron 's foot , paw at the screen to get out : SAM ( edgy , smile ) uh ... hi , dad dad I be just go to do youy chore -- a noise -- Sam 's vantage allo 's aiusto see what he father do not : the robot steppin '' ovab re fence into the backyard ! SAM > ( whiftss , n§rvous laugh ) right , trash ca&e« - get they -- -ron ( facefious ) no , pleg@&e @e not strain yourself -- ron open the do@7 wwam bang it close , but mojo escape -- : SAM n§ &c I get it ! seriously , my bad ! dad retregt® sback into the house , shaking he head . into the i . Sam rush yard just in time to see optimus 's foot crush the patio fumnitore and turn ron 's path into dust -- SAM ( cont 'd ) nono watch the path ! mojo bark , leaping around ironhide 's foot . ironhide look down , flick the tiny dog with he foot -- SAM ( cont 'd ) whoa whoa whoa , that 's my dog ! mojo , off ! off the robot ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 65 . mikaela push through the back gate , harry -- SAM ( cont 'd ) I tell you to watch they ! mikaela I think they be kind of in a rush . ironhide ( scan mojo ) be that a rodent ? SAM no , it 's my mom 's Chihuahua . mojo lift a leg and pees on ironhide 's foote SAM ( cont 'd ) mojo , no ! sorry , he 's get t yng le dominance thing ... '' 116 int . witwicky house - SAM 's room — coos&znugus 116 e Sam enter quickly , rummages for the dlass . behind he , optimus 's hand rise up to the #ifiddm mikaela in he palm . optimus slip her through the wtddy -- she land with a thud : 's you must help fim }o ' mekrela they really want that glass ... for Sam : mikaela 's tha ay woman ever to step in he room besides he mom . a a@@ *® 's a total mess : there 's underwear and dirty clothes scattexyeg ' -- Sam snatch they up , embarrassed : SAM undeswear -- underwear -- underwear -- ( toss they in the . closet , turn ) $m , yeah . this be my ... room . mikaela it 's nice . you whole house be really ... big . he rummages for he backpack ... and he face darken : SAM -.. it 's not here . mikaela what do you mean ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 66 . SAM my backpack have the glass . it be not here . 117 int . witwicky house - various ~ continuous 117 on tv - a frighten '' Witness '' next to one of the comet git@sk witness -- that 's when we see the light , like , zt dunno , ufo 's , man -- but for real -- ron peer out the window into the sky , fear grow --. a119int . witwicky house - sam' room - all9 Sam keep rummage , turn to the window to mnd -- optimus 's face , huge , stare back at he through thé famdow : optimus have you find they ?! SAM sshhh ! no , I dunno knéw be my backpack be ! the other autobot close in @roegnd optimus , stare at Sam -- oprevus you must conf ' pue fearching . SAM hey ! my mém a flower , watch it ! optimus look downy itm '' rise bed be crushed beneath he foot . optimus I be gorry , but we must have the glass . SAM fone will you just ... get outta here ?!! my parent see you , they be gonna mr@ak . go! hide ! optimus autobot : fall back . SAM and be quiet . keep it down . one by one , they retreat into a copse of tree . jazz back toward a string of power line -- the top of he head brushes against one and SPARKS arc across he skull -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 67 . jazz aaaarggggh ! Jazz slam to the ground convulse , crashing through a fence and right on top of a tool shed -~ trash can go spilling , a lot of noise and racket -- Sam rub he face , beside himself s— b119int . witwicky house - live room - continuocus '' b1l19 the thud rock the house . ron snap to he foot in & pamic -- ron earthquake : under the table ! judy it 's just a tremor ... c119ext . backyard - continuous c1l19 Jazz pick himself up , bug-ey , shake ha #s read like a daze dog . and say to the other autobot : jazz do not touch that ! the junction box on the’ pole park and blows and ... every light on block sho . out . . d119int . witwicky house - same room < continuous d119 Sam spin in the now -dark wwtac , turn back to the window only to find ... optimus have transformed into truck form right there on the backyard lawn ! '' SAM what be w§tm you guy ?! that be not hidiy you be gonna get I in so much -- -- he trip mj@ms@gtence , fall on top of mikaela -- e119int . live ro®m ~ continuous e119 as ron pap pr’ a flashlight , they hear another thud upstairs . ron SAM ? be that you ?!! no response . they look at each other in grow fear . ron move off -- ron judy -- stay here -- -- no -- -- stay here -- -- no , I be scared -- Judy grab a baseball bat and they head toward the stair -- 960228 prime directive to dw & hod 68 . '' 119 int . sam' room / attic ~ continuous 119 as Sam and mikaela pick themselves up off the floor , optimus rise again to the window : he eye shoot two brilliant beam that light up the attic like a atomic flash -- SAM ( recoil ) turn it off , turn it off !!! 122 int . hallway - continuous - 122 come up the stair , ron and Judy hear sam' voce and see the incredible light under the door -- mojo scratchint . at it wildly : ron Sam ? you in there ? 123 int . SAM 's room / attic — continuous 123 SAM ( shit ) +e.» uh , yeah , dad , it 's fe ( spin , to optijg@nus if off ! ' 124 outside SAM 's door , ron and @y@ % sip , hearing voice -- 124 aud what be you ging gn there ? you alright ? SAM yeah , no , £’ffagood , really good ! it ogtinus ) hide ! ron @try the handle ) what the door lock ? . SAM tim just -- uh -- real good -- judy '' Sam , open the door ! SAM be right with you ! ( to optimus ) get outta here ! optimus but you must find the glass . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 69 . ron open the door now ! a beat -- sound of fumble -- then the door open and Sam 's stand there , squinting against ron 's flashlight . the ljght beam be gone , as be optimus . . SAM hi . what 's up ? ron who be you talk to ? SAM I be talk to you . Sam 's stand by the window , as if blocki : suspiciously try to look over Sam 's shou judy we hear noise ... we thougf - — ron do not matter what we t{hogght , what be that light ? he move to the window , tryé se look out but Sam block he , desperately try not to k wewvous -- speak loud enough for the autobot to hear outs#de ? say . Light ? what_light , dad ? there be not any light nre you look outside ? you do n’{ $ rugt you son ?! as ron look out the wifhdow , we see what he Pov do not : the ts hide , p! E. against the side of T house -- it shudder frof€ the¥impact -- picture tilt -- book fall -- ron inva aftershock -~ under the door , . under e door , under the door ! with the rorpt -- as they hide from view , ironhide whisper : ironhide why be we hide ? ratchet be quiet . ironhide but ... why be we hide ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 70 . jazz the boy 's spawner will become alarmed . ironhide 's arm transform into a missile turret , aim at the attic window : tironhide I can neutralize they . optimus we do _not_ha : human . tironhide they will feel no pain . optimus ironhide . back to judy -- as she push he aside anemmove to the window : judy Sam , you be talk to ' feme bbdy . I wanna know who . mikawciy ( prmbr . ) yeah , uh , just meem . mikaela emerge from the dagk , ustmprise ron and Judy . ' mikabla ( cont 'd ) hi , I be mikaela judy oh ... ueaten on , smile ) oh , sammyy w« mikaela sqéty bo scare you . ron @mare we , nono , it 's ... we be sorry we ' afge in . judy ( whisper to Sam ) she 's very pretty ... SAM Mom , she can hear you . judy oh , sorry , sorry ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 71 . SAM by the way , you guy see my backpack ? judy you leave it on the kitchen table . the light flicker back on -- SAM great -- well ... seeya ! he push past they , mikaela follow : mikaela Nice to meet you . a125int . witwicky house - kitchen - continuous a125 125 Sam find he backpack on the table , unzgp B it urgently -- pull out the glass case as the doorbell ring . ron answer -- int . witwicky house - live room - co&pinbous 125 the door open to reveal a group of mbn in suit wait like pit bull . some have spread sartasfd the front yard and be use geiger counter and str&ng '' device to take reading . the unit leader , a skinny , odd bhirawnagieé agent simmon , say : simron Ronald wicki fz ron it 's witwigkp -- who be you ? simmon flash a barge with a strange insignia : . simmon witt the government . sector Seven . ron eter hear of it ... simmon wever will . you son 's the great grandson of Captain Archibald wickity , be he not ? ron it 's witwicky -- what , the hell be this ? simmon he file a steal car report last night , we have reason to believe it 's involved in a national security matter . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 72 . ron -- national security ?! what ?! Judy , still hold the baseball bat , notice the agent plow through she flower -~ the geiger counter go insane as they pass over the crush rose : ' - sector seven agent we get massive reading -- simmon get a sample -- the agent rip the rose from the ground . mojomcume run out , barking . judy ( to the agent ) hey , get outta my garden ! simmon ma’am , drop the bat -- ar® yow experience any flu - 1ix symptom ? aching joint ? fever ? ho¥ be you bowel movement ? juby what ?! ag ns nausea ? swoll and ? , judy no -- coy sdinebody please just -- she recoil as a ag@py swing a radiation wand across she nose . wand agent shes ®lean . ' simmon ( to Sam ) get : we need you to come with we . SAM ( frighten now ) ».- dad ? ron block he son defensively -- ron this be way outta line -- simmon back off , Sir -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 73 . ron you be not take my son , I be call the police , there 's something fishy about this . simmon Sir ... there 's something fishy about you , you son , you little taco bell dog , and this whole operation in here -- ron ~~ what operation ?! simmon . that 's what we be gonna find out . '' ' simmon run a geiger counter over mojo -- . simmon ( cont ' wy ( read the meter ) fourteen rad , bingo -- 126 he gesture to he man ; one of they bgoep mojo up with a dog 126 catcher 's noose ; agent grab everypne end push they roughly into suburban ; Sam and mikaela in ene , fe» parent in another : ron don't say anytyeng , smm ! not a word ' til get a lawyer ! the car peel off , pass . he autobot . peer out from the tree ... 127 int . the pentagon - ingel CENTER - continuous 127 the place be a zoo . cwisis team be fixate on the overhead screen show smwedbite feed of naval ship gather around the world . by 41 dppearance , we be at the brink of war : one-star general @ree force tracker have chinese and US '' @ask force approach one hundred gautical mile of cruise missile range . keller tell the battle group commander he be not to engage unless they be fire on first -- suddenly , a suite man approach keller , lead in by admiral brigham . the man 's name be banachek . a titanium briefcase cuffed to he wrist . admiral brigham Sir : Tom banachek from the White House . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 74 . banachek ( flash badge ) Mr. Secretary : I be with sector Seven . Advanced Research division . keller . +-. never hear of it . I ’ma little busy , Tom -~ banachek we be a highly independent entity , Sir . I be here under . direct order from the President . he 's instruct we to br}®f you . keller now ? on what ? suddenly , the meter on all the machinerf brike -- and one by one , all computer in the room start to g@ lack : keller ( cond ) what 's happen ?! I ng@q@ a-sit rep ! one -gt 4g @astral Communications arg oyt »- I think the virus just activate — kelber '' what 's the eXgent @f disruption ? one-star general the extent be ... worldwide , Sir -- satellite and land line be all down , we have zeyyy comf -- total network failure ! keller , at a losg @ '' banachek indicate he briefcase , urgently : banachek sig fou need to see what I have in gqema .. now . a128ext . serfés qp shot around the world - day and night a128 on a streét in paris , confuse people wrestle with they life . # 11 phone ... in japan , all the electronic billboard on the side of building flash static ... in a american news station , a reporter 's in the middle of a broadcast when the feed go dead ... reporter -- be we live ? what 's happen ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 75 . 128 int . rear suv - continuous 128 the sector Seven suburban streak through tranquility . Sam and mikaela , in the back , be freaking the hell out . up front , agent simmon say into a cell : simmon this be simmon , we get a code Black , I need -- ( he cell start emit '' no signal '' ) you copy ? hello ? must be a patch ... ( hang up , turn to Sam ) so , kemosabe : last night at the stakiodh , you tell the officer you car ... '' ' transformed . 's enlighten I . I qo '. every word . the suv slow , stop at a light . the cfmer vehicle make it through and drive on - Sam slip a hand ¥¥ be pocket , protectively clutching the glass cage ? - SAM ~ , listen , this be like sh % big misunderstanding ..4 when # say it transformed I mearmm . ¥€ go from be my car to be a stotsa , ger -- but everything 's fime few , it come back —- " mikayla ( cover : not by itself , obviously , car do not do that , tha e crazy ... simmon so what d{yeu kid know about alien ? sag mikaela alien ? me? #@pn het believe in -- total crap -- they -- simmon ( cont 'd ) = ut you great grandfather believe in they , do not he ? SAM oh , he ? he be ... y’know , nut ! he twirl a finger near he brain , the sign for '' crazy '' -- simmon that 's interesting . very interesting . tell you what else I find interesting : you body language . pupil dilation . the flushness of you skin . ( more ) 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 16 . simmon ( cont 'd ) because they be show I you be both ly - ing --- ( open he badge ) see this ? it 's like a ' do - whatever - I - want - and - get-away - with - it 's card -- I be gonna lock you away for - ev-er , erase you like you never ex-is-ted ... and that 'il be like a fluffy pink ice cream cone compare to what I do to you parent . mikaela ( to Sam ) do not listen to he , we be get a lawyer . simmon hey , you in the training bra : doi ty cet I . ' specially not with you juv@ile record . SAM ( confuse ) ++. what ? what record ? mikaela stmmi Grand theft auta - @ha@ be not nothing . the light change and the suv start drive again . mikaela glare at simmon , hat ro for expose she so callously ... mikaela that car y jaa teach I to fix ? they weyain 's lway he . SAM yourt dad ... teach you how to steal car ? mikaela _ ft geeth 't steal they , I just would not stify against he -- so they make I a sactessory . - SAM wow , you must be totally screw up -- mikaela thanks , how have you like it if I say you must be a total runt for not make the football team ?! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 77 . simmon pay atten -shun : a record like yours could land you in jail , get you kick out of school , no . college would take you , no future ... so pucker up and kiss you life g’bye , missy . SAM leave she alone . ( then ) I ’1l1 tell you , but you be not gonna believe it . simmon give it a whirl , kiddo . I be all ear . suddenly , out the windshield : we see a massiv& steel foot come slamming down on the hood , crushing it into '' ee pavement . the suv spin to a violent stop . the agent 's geiger counter go insane &% byinding light flood the car -- something enormous be walk&ng around it -- giant finger crash through the wi : ow , lifting the suv off the road -- the roof 's peeled awa 's 3 . ine , top revealing : the autobot . optimus reacy ad scoops SAM and mikaela from the backseat , plant they on the ground . the topless suv bounce back to earth as 4 ptryus-drops it . 5 oh , wow ... now you a-hole be in serious tuh-ru-ble the agent draw that weapon but jazz raise he hand and there gun and handcuff fby {magnetically into he palm . . SAM ( cont 'd ) gasfalehwen , lemme introduce you to my f¥ien§ ... optimus Prime . . opriMus qut of the vehicle . the nagent . * fumble from the car . optimus lean down -- the agent® regoil as the robot 's massive head come right up to they fage , eye scanning they : optimus ( cont 'd ) you nervous system do not register significant shock . you be not surprised by we existence . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 78 . simmon look , uh ... there be protocol . okay ? I be not authorize to communicate with you . except to tell you I can not communicate with you . bumblebee 's oil filter ( on he crotch ) pop off and a stream DF hot oil spray all over the agent : simmon ( cont 'd ) hey , get it to stop ! SAM what 's sector Seven ? how would you knog about the robot ? and where would you take my parent ? simmon would not you like to know . Jazz drop 's the cuff in front of mikagtay jazz lock they up . mikaela pick up the cuff , die bat start to love this ... Mo take off you pants . - * dynfon what for ? !) ymikaela for calfiing - I a thief . simmon glare . / @pwing with oil , they drop they pants : one of they in boxe Rt , on in a speedo , he leg pale and hairy . ' SAM - ow pasty . vitamin D , sunlight , look to it . mikaela ( toss simmon cuff ) cuff yourselves to the pole . oh , and for the record ? it 's not a training bra -- I be in the fifth stage of puberty , thankyouverymuch . simmon you be gonna regret this in a big way . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 79 . mikaela ( little laugh ) man , if trent could see I now ... SAM ( stunne , turn to she ) .»+ , . excuse I , what have you -- do you say ' trent 's ? we literally discover a alien race together and you still care what he think about you ? mikaela what be you , my therapist all of a sudden ? SAM wait a minute ... I be have a vis¥on ! we be gonna possibly save the wot and go back to school Monday nore ind nothing 's gonna change -- i’ sxill be the invisible guy with gumffip toons in he hair ... and you 's 1ll go bach to peing shallow . mikbied , | . ( furious , gumthde a finger tg igs enest ) hey ! I give up he future cause I would not turnsey se ‘in ! when have you ever have to sprifsce anything in you perfect little rige ?! that land on Sam . byt efore he can apologize ... the air shatter as sector segen '' hoppers crest the hillside -- more suburban screech , warning the street into a disco of whirling light . tha tobot be surround ! optimus the chopper 's xfigpn spotlight rake across he massive form . without bregk . stride , he lipt the kide onto he . shoulder : #oud on . combive they effort , Jazz , bumblebee , ratchet and ironhide emit a adlse blast that flatten the tire on all suburban -- optimus and optimus charge , he foot smash four suburban into oblivion -- the kid holding on for dear life —- Apache # 1 rise as a agent use bolt cutter to free simmon who slip all over the oil -- he signal to the second Apache and run toward it , throw he pants back on mid-stride -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 80 . 143 144 ext . CITY street - continuous 143 optimus run , the first Apache skim the street , gaining ... optimus deploy a smokescreen cloud , disappear down a alley . the chopper rip through it only to find he gone . keeps fly toward a bridge -- the helicopter dip beneath ik , blade spin , and we reveal : . ' optimus hidden under the bridge , limb pressed agatnsf ite 144 trestle . SAM and mikaela cling to he for dear lere bur ... the rotor wash suck she down -~ Sam 's hand las ott , catch her -- through gritt tooth , he hold on with he might -- mikaela don't let I go !!! SAM I can ’t hold on ! bumblebee -- racing down the concreth [ ncrine -- sees they as : another chopper pass beneath the ! bripge , blade whirling mere inches from the 's legs ! sai®d finally dislodges they grip and they fall , screamin pptemus swing out a long leg try to catch they -- but @l}¥ loe be break they fall , and still they plummet to certadp - dedth ! bumblebee spin 360 , trargforme into robot form and dive -- ching SAM and mikae " before they hit the ground !!!! the glass case tumbiun@ S from Sam 's pocket onto the roadside . bumblebee set the ki wo . now the chopper circle , fire steel -mesh nets : on#@ Li be bumblebee 's arm , another catch he leg . ike roping - a ephant . bumblebee 's yanred o¥f he foot and dragge across the asphalt . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( scream , plead ) spopit ! you 're hurting he !!! Sam char@g #or he down companion but simmon and a few man in bec unifirm jump from suburban , grabbing the kid -- bumbleb&e see Sam and mikaela be take and go berserk , strain to be free . it 's hopeless , heart break ... commandos zip - line down from a chopper wear backpack cannister fill with liquid nitrogen . they spray bumblebee with a hissing cloud of ultracold -- he topple forward to he knee , limb harde ) . 145 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 81 . SAM ( cont 'd ) no ! leave he alone ! he’s not gonna hurt anyone !!! above the bridge -- jazz , ratchet , and ironhide peel in frantic , they transform -- Jazz crawl over the side of pre bridge , hang upside - down so he 's face - to - face with ope jazz we have to help he ! optimus negative , we cannot engage without harm the human ! slam , the vehicle screeching away as the es lift bumblebee into the air , like some great netted DI SAM -- push violently into the suburban with mikaela -- door he fom stun image . ironhide they be take they ! optimus stand down , that 's s@ith giiet | the chopper streak off . sun fs from below the bridge . pick up the glass se side of the road . open it to reveal the glass . ke harden , full of guilt . int . pentagon - private rou 2 '' continuous 145 in a private room , baga@rek unlock the briefcase cuffed to he wrist : it 's a laptop 2 ermbnal . keller watch , anticipatory : banachek sect egen be conven in secret under preswjeny Hoover over eighty year ago , fqe gnot , reason and one reason alone : be real . ( beat ) ogg ? you may remember NASA lose contact | ith the beagle two Mars Rover . we tell ~ won to report the mission a complete failure ... he tap ' key : close -- the monitor : pixellate video feed , blurry , in five - frame segment . we see martian rock . lens pan to find ... a massive steel foot walk toward the rover -- it step on the lens , crushing it . static . banachek ( cont ’d ) more than just a pile of martian rock ... now here 's the image you ranger be able to retrieve from the base attack -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 82 . he tap key as the thermal shape of vortex resolve on the laptop . keller stare , in shock ... banachek ( cont 'd ) we think it 's the same one . and obviously ... not chinese . ' keller be we talk about ... a invasion ? banachek something 's come . and I will bet my negligible government salary we be run out of time . al46int . interrogation room - continuous a146 maggie and Glen look up as sector seven ager¥®@ enter -- glen oh God do not put I in jaif# , pfease can we call my grandma ?! ° as they be uncuffed , keller appear adj the door -- maggie 's > what be this ? what 'at - ~» / retrer you be righty , maggie . you be right all along . as maggie stare at hgh , yheart pound -- c146ext . C - 17 - cargo hgijp -- sllis AIR force base - night c146 we soldier eme , fom the back of the C - 17 . the med- tech carry fig 's bod& out - on a stretcher , cover by a sheet . lennox watch , darkigf ' suddenly , suburban screech in -- sector seven agent leap chy , flash badge : sector seven agent ' seritleman , come with we , we will explain on @he way -- . 146 ext . pranquility estate - street - night 146 where bumblebee and brawl have they big fight . we drift through the desert wreckage to find brawl , unmove . his eye suddenly flicker to life ... another angle - soundwave's head on the ground . the severe body . brawl approach , pick they up , put they back together , nano - metal re-fusing . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 83 . soundwave leap up . and now the decepticon speak in a sonic burst of percussive language , the alien tongue of transformer : brawl subtitle the virus have execute its program : global communication be off-line . soundwave subtitle it be time to summon the other . soundwave open he mouth emit the eerie frequircy @ariek : series of shot as the shriek animate decepticon tm hiding : 148 ext . tarmac - US . airforce base - night 148 track fast down a row of F - 22 raptor , the latest military jet . we stop on one ~~ in the cockpit , electricity } arc generate a moustache man hologram in pilot 's outfit» , meet '' starscream . '' thrusters FIRE up ff raptor lift into the sky harrier - style , turn a 180 an¢ crash into lens ! US . army tank graveyard - desert - night a m-1 abram tank . its engixe aévg to life : " devastator . '' the tank roll out ... . 149 ext . military base - contenuous 149 row of heavy - artillery madeite . we come to a mine clearing vehicle : '' bonecrusher . '' six - wheeled , steel mandible protrude from its front -- lik@ a@ysteel saber- tooth tiger . it roar to life , c@ash® S through a fence , race into the night . a151bxt . skie above £ 8 '' %@ night a151 the whir of r@b@r blade -- it 's the mh-53 special ops chopper from the base @upck : vortex ! it bank hard , roaring off ... b151ebxt . observaqory - above downtown - sunrise : b151 light beam ¢hoot from optimus 's eye through the lense of captgin wicwicky 's glass , project the alien code ... and the fode convert into a hologram of earth that hover mid - AIR , pinpointing the cube location . a water Mass enhances : optimus subtitle the cube be two hundred and fifty mile from we position . he turn to the other autobot . morale be low . :c15 151 152 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 84 . jazz subtitle we let they take bumblebee ! optimus subtitle we be not like the decepticon . we mission parameter be never to harm human . jazz subtitle and if the human harm he ?! optimus subtitle bumblebee know the risk of we war , . he would want we to complete we missier . ratchet subtitle Prime ... if we face megatron , can you bring yourself to destroy you own brother ? optimus subtrtrp - ( heavy beat ) ' . I will do what I must . , . &xutpbot : roll we ! . 1 ext , desert highway - sunrise e151 pounding music -- the autchat < styeak down the desert road -- optimus pull ahead , all ¢h1roe ' and roaring diesel engine ! ext . desert - sunrise 151 the SUN rise above the 4esert ... we soar over a massive concrete basin , a resexvo.r of water hold within it : legend : '' hoover da , wevada ... '' 152 three army blacrmawr chopper land . emerging from the first : lennox and he rim soldier . the second : keller , maggie , Glen , banachek . th» ehiird : simmon , Sam , and mikaela . everyone cross the top 4 for the dam , lennox and keller shake : keller x , we get you intel , Captain ! excellent ~ work ! ™~ lennox thank you , Sir ! what about the gunship ?! keller be retro-fitted with sabot round now , but it will not do much good if we can not get comm back up ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 85 . lennox nothing have warm my heart more than vaporize some alien ass ! keller ( indicate ) maggie marconi , one of we analyst ! and Glen ... glen whitmann ! two N 's ! at the end ! as they approach a entrance , Sam and mikaela najhice 's nearby tourist watch with interest ... simmon for five buck , mom and the kid der a family photo and a pretzel stana®mg on toppa one hundred football £ * #. of concrete ~~ never havin 's a c¥up what 's right underneath they ! c a153int . railway track - base of dam - gom@truous a153 153 bumblebee be clamp to a rai meg under heavy guard by sector Seven commando in mileya#i@e dune buggy . the man keep cryo - weapon aim at bumowebde . the rail car roll onto a#trd@k lead into a large concrete tunnel . as bumblebee disappea into blackness , he make low , guttural sound : fear . " ext . bridge - top of déam *~ continuous 153 Sam and mikaela be &sheff along by simmon and he agent -- they intersect with maxachek as they head toward elevator : mikabta SAM get you hand # year I ! don ’t touch I ! where' my car ?! : _ simmon '' bey , kid -- I think we get off to the . ~ wrong start . you must be hungry . wanna latte ? Ho - Ho ? what do kid eat this day ?! SAM up yours , you speedo - wear freak ! where 's my car ?}! banachek Son , listen to I carefully . people could die . we need to know everything you know . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 86 . SAM not ' till you promise I you will not hurt he ... it 's the only way I ' 1ll talk . simmon you little extortionist . banachek passive scan only . deal ? SAM one more thing ... ( be : mikaela ) you gotta erase she juvy record -- Le for-ev-er . he glare at simmon on that . notice mikael stare at he , gratefully . a moment . behind they , the soreéur arrive . banachek lady and gentlemen , fol mowegit -~ time be of the essence . a154ex ?. base of dam - walk and talk - - tonngnuous a154 banachek lead everyone down 4 % yalnway by massive power generator . . - 's tmeons ever hear of Area , 51 ? kid 's play . this ... be ared 5g , banachek here 's thé sitluation : we be face war against @ teennological civilization far superiér eo we own . you have all have dire@ *omact the n.b.e 's , which -~ like it dmnow -- make you the world 's fogseyome expert on how to beat they . ° ' epps '' abe be ? maggie non-biological extra-terrestrial . SAM they be call ' transformer . 's guy in lab suit follow the group scribble that urgently -- banachek they tell you that ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 87 . 154 SAM yeah , y'know , we be tight . they turn into a long rock tunnel , descend deeper ... banachek with communication down , you be we last line of defense . no more secret . we need hard data . information share . start now . they arrive at a hangar . the massive door start . is0 wing open . in anticipation , we group walk into incredible light : int . massive underground hangar - continuous '' -~ 154 they expression descend into a state of complete , primitive shock . we be in a enormous silo . multi - d gantry and girder criss - cross liquid nitrogen tube wannected to : a giant robot ! held in a kind of cry@-artson , its limb encased in massive block of ice . and we recqgnize it as the mechanoid from the beginning of our story : mbgatron . maggae krldrr I will bea son to - aeprtch . ' uichek we call he n.b.«.- one -- the first we find . oh my God ... SAM no , dude . . that ? be megatron . _ ( @veryone turn ) he 's the leader of the decepticon . mikaela . basaeally , head of the bad guy . lennox yeah , I kinda get that from the name . banachek he 's be in cryo-stasis nearly a hundred year ... since he be find by you great grandfather : one of mankind 's great discovery . ( Sam stare , amaze ) fact be , you be look at the creator of the modern age : the microchip , laser , space flight , car ... all reverse - engineered by study he . 156 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 88. glen so basically ... every time I microwave a burrito at the Gas not sip , it 's cause of megatron ? keller you do not think I might need to know you be keep a hostile alien robot freeze in the basement ? banachek President 's discretion , Sir -- roosev never tell Truman he have the atomic bmmb . and till now , we have no credible thyaa® to national security . lennox so what 's the punchline ? epps yeah , why earth ? SAM ~ they be all look fom scllething call the energon cube . ‘fe wis it to transform all we feg@nn blogy and , y’know , pretty much take ovegy tie universe . a look between banachek afid shmmun . Sam realize ... ' sey ( cont 'd ) int . power control room aedve cube hangar - continuous 156 the energon cube . ced in we familiar alien glyph . it emit a pulsing that reverberate through another massive hangar . umbili@a@l twbe and hose run from the cube to console , whex® bre-suite technician swarm . '' { pull back t/ degéal we people stare in awe from behind a glass observ@tion deck . this be the room that monitor the cube . témp@&racure gauge . graphic readout . cool vent . banachek carbon dating put it here around ten thousand BC -- we do not find it till 1920 . President Hoover have the dam build around it -- a perfect way to hide the cube 's energy from be detect . maggie osometh about how he say that ... ) what kind of energy ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 89 , _ 157 int . '' proving '' lab - continuous 157 a thick steel door open revealing a small , metal - wall , creepy lab circa the 1930' . large electrical cable run to a small plexi - BOX . we people enter ... banachek please step inside , they have to lock we in . lennox why do they have to lock we in ? ~ the door slam close . the bolt lock . simmon . kinda a tricky science , could turd out to be a bad day . . mikaela ( look around ) what be all the gashes ? indeed , there be gashes in the fa& wail , as if freddy kruger slashed it up . simmon indicagxem = a#§n : " we have worked safe day . '' someone 's chalkee , ier bee number '' 322 . '' simtess that happene 34 m , ada@y ago ... that be a bad day . ( to neasby tech , solemn ) Charlie was_a gooa man . the tech nod back . iyrerfone 's start to look real worried . banachek ask for gégn 's * ipod : banachek May %& borrow that ? aos tentatively , 4 ) surrender it as mirrore welding goggle be distribute ipod 's place inside a plexi cage , lock : banachek ( cont ’d ) goggle , please ? everyége @#lide on goggle as banachek hit a console : glowing ENERGY # fow into the cage from a tube connect to the cube . the ipod start trembling ... turn on , blast suicidal tendency 's '' master of no mercy '' -- and it transform , sprout legs and arm -- spastically slam itself against the cage , try violently to break out -~ everyone leap back in SHOCK : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 90 . simmon nasty little sucker , huh ? kinda like the energizer bunny from hell -- ( to banachek ) Zap it already ! banachek hit a button release a small cylindrical charce ito the box : a mini sabot-round . when it connect with the ov , a blinding flash -- the ipod 's ripped OPEN , shrieking aswel '' elip on its back , melting into liquid metal . stun silence . everyone slide off they goggle , simmon ( cont 'd ) ( grin , impressed ) well whadaya know ... glen ( bolt for the door ) ~ okay , I be out . I be out . 158 ext . nevada desert - day ' 158 159 the air distort as starscream ( F - q2 ) ' bullet through the sky . vortex ( assault chopper ) rise rat} frame , rotor whirling . it bank hard , follow starsoream , ./ speed along the highwaé betiow , brawl ( police car ) -- devastator ( tank ) -- bonerrusher ( mine-clear vehicle ) . starscream crest a mountain , revealing , in the distance ... hoover dam !!!! int . '' proving '' lab - doservous 159 maggie , feel 's a raging tide of dread , move to a wall of monitor . va@@us angle of the cube . a close angle display the strange ay . men glyph cover it ... . maggie rhdse marking ... what be they ? banachek some kind of symbolic language -- identical to a transmission we pull off megatron 's data log . SAM yeah , it 's a map to the cube . maggie qh , God ... that 's gotta be what they hack off Air Force one ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 160 161 162 163 mikaela ( ghost white ) ++. they know it 's here . ext . hoover dam - tarmac area - continuous starscream swoops in like a dragon , blasting the row of ponep 's generator and ... int . '' proving '' lab - continuous the room trembles . light explode . as emergency '' rewer kick in , lennox snap into action -- lennox where 's you armory ?!!}! int . underground megatron hangar - continugus '' — as the dam keep trembling ... the cryo-br.dcys containing megatron begin to crack !! int . armory area - continuous slam to a armory open : the#@sylotazs unload high - tech rocket launchers with optical sensor . pg¥table sabot round . everyone spin option : ' sanachek nellis be fifty mie away , they can have air support he ? gn ten minute -- maggie satellite and hard line be still out -- SAM wait axgebnd ! you gotta take I to my car ; bhe 'b the only one who can get the cue om to here ! cd simmon . '' fat be you , nut ? we do not know wnat 's 1ll happen if we let it near this whing ! SAM you be like the stupidest man on the planet right now ! lennox if the kid 's wrong , we be dead anyway . simmon hel-lo ! he 's a delinquent ! we to believe a -- you expect 91 . 160 161 162 163 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 92 . lennox slam simmon to the wall -- sector Seven commando draw gun , so do lennox 's guy -- a mexican stand - off : lennox I get a baby I have never even see -- now I promise my wife I be come home , so take the kid to he damn car ! tension pulse -- and keller say to banachek : keller I have do what he say ... lose 's really ~ not a option for he . . 164 int . megatron hanger - continuous ye 164 megatron' eye with a electronic whir , he microchip méngatart to wake up . the irise widen , like black hole expantizng -- 165 int . containment area - continuous '' 165 above 's bumblebee on the slab , a ovrhhmad hatch open . bumblebee moan in fear ... ring aeratnise -~ stand clear --- _ everyone back away as biimblebite 's bombard by blinding UV light and a sterilizing chbmi@al cloud . deafen noise , dangerous and threaten --“ then the door burst open and everyone rush in -- SAM stop ! '' da sotta let he out ! banachek + ( to the scientist ) I 's pkay , release it ! . SAM '' ffess not a ' it '! bumlaj.ebee 's 's bind unlock . he rise , Sam race over -- SAM ( cont 'd ) -- you okay ?! the robot look down at Sam . pat he head like a pet . SAM ( cont 'd ) the cube 's here , the decepticon be come ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 93 . 166 167 168 alert , bumblebee run -- everyone follow -- ext . hoover dam - lower water - basin tunnel - continuous 166 vortex roar over the dam . guide missile jump off the ~ chopper 's rocket pod -- kabooom ! the water basin explode '' int . megatron hanger - continuous . 167 debris crack off the wall . as bumblebee run throtgh ¥he hangar with we heroes , maggie notice a computer eq . < d6wn the hall -- get a idea -- maggie ns Glen : can you hotwire that equipment bo transmit morse code ? glen I dunno , I dunno , yeah , why ? maggie the military Guard frequetev ~- it 's a shortwave channel -- we sguitd use it to call for air support ~ lenrqy alright , yeah , yeu get @ur bird in the air -- when weet whefever we be go , we will find a gadi¥ affd vector they in -- vemdy how the hell be you gonna do that ?! 's lennox improvi& keller po mo . c& yes keller , magaif . Glen , and simmon separate . lennox and he team move everyone wt of the hanger into the tunnel as ... Water shgwea in from ever- grow fissure in the wall , melting megatron '' cryo -ice . it crack off in thick chunks . the first of wis limb snap loose , then another , and another ... the conne@k tube rip and uncoil , spraying cryo - spray -- megatron break free ! he transform into the wick , black hypersonic alten jet . it look demonic as it blast through the massive tunnel , jetwash scorching lens -- int . cube hangar - continuous 168 bumblebee , the kid , lennox and he soldier run in -= lennox see a motorpool of artillery buggies : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 94 , lennox ( to bumblebee ) whatever you be gonna do , Big guy , do it fast -- '' bumblebee kneel in front of the cube . responsively , its &mirgy hum mutate into electric burst . tendril of ENERGY ane between bumblebee 's hand and the cube -~ they be commufm ina language beyond we comprehension . ' and the cube transform , folding in on itself -- a gattstn of geometric shape unlock , like a child 's click - ehacH toy , shrink smaller and smaller until it 's footbaly - stred : as bumblebee transform into camaro form , he »o= * goor open and the cube fly into the backseat . seatbelg fash across it , secure it . . '' Sam and mikaela hop in front as the cama#omecels out , the soldier follow in the artillery buggy -- 175 bxt . hoover dam - tunnel area - conriious 175 megatron bullet from a tunnel , emer gthg outside . rip past camera toward the top of the déir -> ' 176 ext . top of hoover dam - con ? ingwyn ~ 176 megatron transform back . < ht® .~ 6 bot form , land next to starscream , who 's perche® like a eagle . they speak in they alien language : starscream subtitle Lord megat¥on . ' '' megatron subtitle stargtvgal . tn starscream subtitle we fry ready to transform the machine . but megatrgh snap over , alert -- he pov ¥oo ms across the dam spillway to a lower road where bumblebee '' aud the artillery buggy be racing away ! x- ray reveasg jw cube hide in the camaro 's backseat -- a177ext . desert highway - car chase - continuous a177 SAM and mikaela -- she turn from the front seat to the cube strapped in the back -- SAM be the cube okay ?!! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 95 , mikaela yes ! it 's wear it 's seatbelt ! they look at each other oddly -- SAM wow , we just sound like parent . the autobot arrive joining bumblebee and the artillerusgies . ratchet pull alongside the camaro , Jazz flanking thérear . optimus and ironhide fall back as : the decepticon close in : brawl 's police light flas& , pave a way through traffic . bonecrusher 's ten-foot manduple scoop up car and flip they aside . ee at 100 mph , bonecrusher transform , steel fod® slamming down on the highway . ripping up asphalt . he leap @g@. optimus who transform too --~ the robot collide , planet off the freeway overpass ... crashing to the level below . ’a.mother drive a carpool of kide skid as optimus shoo # s™gdifécrusher , who fall : into a cement river basin -- crash % ac brawl leap down , join the fight . two -on-one : in a ick acrobatic move , optimus flip , launching brow ! ) dakhest into bonecrusher . the decepticon crash hard into ax cemeng freeway pillar as : b177bxt . CITY street - continuqus . b177 the chase enter a CITY . bumbgebee , ironhide , ratchet , and Jazz screech onto a street line h tall building . the soldier arrive . lennox see a pawn shop . get _an idea -- hop out : ' lennox gimme a @ec # 6 find a radio !!! epps what '.if hey do not call in the strike ?! lennox whe we be all gonna be robot happy meal . and he b6lt ¥3 for the shop -- 177 int . h@ovbr dam computer area - continuous 177 maggie , keller , and simmon roll solder equipment across the floor . she spark up a heat nozzle , Glen go to . work on a terminal : glen I be feel like , real anxious , mag -- I might throw up on you ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 96 . maggie totally understandable . something slam at the steel door from outside with incredible ferocity . they freeze . Glen burn himself with the solder gun -- - simmon what the hell 's that ?!! keller do not sound good , whatever it be -- glen - I be really gonna barf -- maggie help I with the door ! they frantically push a cabinet against tbe double - door as something keep slamming it . the doom @ tart to buckle : soundwave’s skinny head wedge thra#p , tideous mouth grinning . three silver disc fly from the . romot 'o chest like saw blade -- kel@er get down ! keller tackle maggie as 4 will '&ise embed in the wall -- the third fly inch over wien asskeyboar , nicking he hand and smashing into the computer kegide he ! glen what be that wreakin 's thing ? 1 !!! maggie open the lat¢h#¥g lever on a weapon BOX . Inside be a 12 - gauge shotgun she grab shell . as Glen work feverishly , a flash of stat # '' soand on he terminal -- ' glen ( cont 'd ) 60 % BP !!! we be transmit ! keller gend exactly what I say : " nellis Air orce base , this be Secretary of Defense keller -- confirm authentication code blackbird one - one ~ ~ '' keller ( cont 'd ) glen -- nine - five - Alpha , please ( join in ) respond ! '' -- nine - five ~ Alpha -- ( turn to Glen , it register : ) how would you know my id ? 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 97 . glen -- look , I tell you I get this hack problem ! I know you code , the President 's -- I even know Paris Hilton 's cell number ! keller just type the message !!! . glen okay okay -- ( about to send , pause ) uh ... I be have a brain fart , I can no remember morse -- maggie »». oh God , I neither ... simmon eoon you gotta be kid I -- maggie . well do not you learn i# yn* the navy ?! kellbry yeah , thirty yearm ago ! magcre . wait a minute -- mpwus that song go , the one they maké ou bearn for the NSA field test -- insanely , maggie star * #$ b&inging the song to remember the code as she load shell in tre sgotgun -- more slamming on the door -- maggie ( cont 'd ) " rh diffi be a dot , a dot be a dash : Al - dma : wit-dit -- '' glen - e@byeah -- '' bra - vo : dot-dit-dit- dit '' ... #.' all come back ! - simmon great , sing faster ! Glen tybe the code as soundwave keep slamming -- 178 int . pawn shop - continuous 178 lennox bang on the pawn shop 's gated door . the owner , big rhonda , appear : big rhonda hey ! do not be bangin’ on my door ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 98 . lennox ma’am , we get a serious emergency -- do you have a short wave radio ! big rhonda ~ no , but I get a cb -- you payin 's cash ? os lennox . it 's a National Security matter ! open the door ! big rhonda ' S do not you be takin 's that tone with may t '' know my rights ! lennox ( pull he gun ) ma’am , lemme in or I x11 ] have to shdot_ this lock !!! from under she counter , she grab a shozgir , level it : big rhonda g'head , and I will have to b4 shootin’ you ! lenwox okay okay , look : youacafi have my watch , it 's Air force.dsste , tell perfect time by the atomic 's sloé wo geneva ~- you can even scuba dre doym to thirty meter -- big rhonda do I look tip I be goin 's scuba diving to you ? lennox lady a ffhe love of GOD , take the watch !!! 181 int . hoover Da chmputer room - continuous - 181 '' as maggie { syotgun still in hand ) , keller , and simmon strain against souxdwave 's slam to keep the cabinet wedge against the door , glan receive a morse code response over the radio -- glen they be respond ! they accept you authorization code ! keller call in the strike ! the double door finally buckle enough for soundwave to jump through and fire more disc . maggie juke as a disc cut right through her shotgun barrel , turn it into a sawed - off shotgun ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 99 . 182 she pump the muzzle -- blam ! the robot 's flung backward , emit a dement squeal ! maggie send the message quick ! glen ( type furiously ) the killer robot 's really distracting ! maggie fire again . soundwave leap up and disapp ss iito a vent . they hear he moving through overhead duct -- $ hen , crash ! he drop back into the room , send keljer 4nd simmon tumble behind computer console . ' , maggie scream , like see a rat , fire -- erage ! -- empty , she use the rifle butt to smash soundwave in theahead . the robot spring , its steel pincer - finger close arouf@ maggie 's throat ! she manage to grab a computer keyboard .. whack it away . soundwave shoot more disc -- they beumeréng around the room , back to maggie ... who duck , and soméghiny terrific happen : the disc decapitate soundwave 's brad : again . he crumple . mag@le ( catch neg breath ) do you ... get the mesbage out ? Glen slump at the conso@e , eqhaust , nodding yes : ext . CITY street - continuous 182 lennox run from the awn : shop back to he team , insert a battery into a portépl@ '' B radio -- shout into the mic : lennox cq c@ wr2 gfo , come back , do you copy ? the only resphy b4 be static . then -- the scream approach of a F - 22 tuyis ' @ryone around . epps . @h , baby ! the Air Force have arrive ! one of the soldier send up a flare . it streak past the jet , which crrcle back around . everyone cheer . lennox ( into cb ) cq cq wr2 gfo ... we be 5 click south of the tallest building , we see you -- you be head to we position , over -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 100 . 183 184 still , static . but the jet keep come . the autobot transform , assume defensive stance . something 's clearly wrong . tronhide ( alert ) Jazz , bumblebee : flanking position !!! Jazz take off as the jet drop between building toward , toem , streaking low ~- and shockingly , fire missile at we ke fee ! lennox moocooove ! ! . € . the F -22 be starscream ! everyone scatter as. bumbiebee and ironhide lift up a old truck and flip it oven with mrshield the human -~ a guy on a motorcycle go skid @sg #he missile skim the road , ripping the old truck in halt and ... bumblebee 's catapulted backward , he legfsy sheared as he tumble , grind a hideous squeal of mevgl sn cement . the energon cube be CUT loose from bumblebeens backseat ! it bounce over asphalt , a SHOCK wave emit from its center -- air ripples as the wave sp ws gvew # one - block range . my a tricked - oup dub car coming arqun the corner get hit ! will wanna - be white rappers tomb t® from it as every electronic device in the car transf&rms ito tiny tasmanian devil ! int . target superstore - continuous 183 oblivious shopper . ' the ¥nergon blast shatter window as it hit the store , eng@#f.#§ everything ! a employee carrgrag 'wn X - BOX 360 scream as metal arm burst from the box . b% asmma tv 's rip from the wall , come alive ! people run scp@emieg -— ext . city skeE@g - conrinuous ~ 184 from the ' dewyis , SAM be the first to he foot . he help a daze mikaela wr what they see be a disaster : under get water from a break fire hydrant , bumblebee 's torso trail twisted metal . his legs have be severe off . SAM bumblebee ... oh God -- he run to one of bumblebee 's legs on the road , drag it over . mikaela help . the arm start fusing itself back to bb 's body ... nano - cell regenerate ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 101 . SAM ( cont 'd ) help !!! bumblebee -- brave warrior that he be -- struggle , scratch , to pull himself over to the cube . the soldier spread out lennox pull the cb out from debris , shout : lennox this be sergeant William lennox , we be under heavy fire -- do anyone copy ?!} there 's a long pause ... then a pilot 's voice , almegt unintelligible with interference , come over the waa % of : voice ( static ) - yes , Army blackhawk -~ inbound to wour -— ( garble ) ... copy ... ' lennox : -- say again , over -- voice ae +.» lay down ... ( garbldd ) . jj. you coordinate ( garblsi ) , . we be Alpha , 772 @egree , 10 mile -- November vict#ft twy3 ° 3427 -- na , 1.2 click north - voice copy th -- ; geble ) ... eta : two minute . thing get worse . fortex {assault chopper ) transform two block away , perches of a building top . the ground star to . tremble . like a earthquake . slowly , everyone turng * ongee ... devastator ( the tank ) roll around the corner . mig blatten two car . Sam and mikaela stare , transfix with #error . two armed swctor Seven vehicle charge , fire sabot -- the tank fire back pulse blast : the vehicle explode , flip into obligvion . now , behind devastator , come bonecrusher . lennox and the kid be trap from both end . the commando form a tight group around the kid as ... the tank transform , rise on two leg . its cannon turret pivot toward they . this be it . but no -- jazz skid in , transform , and leap onto devastator , wrenching back the decepticon 's arm just as it fire . Jazz spin kick the robot into a building -- 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 102 . ratchet plunge in , transforming . now ironhide arrive beside Jazz and they form a triple - threat , sledgehammering bonecrusher . and they be help by lennox , who pump the slide on he launcher . fire at bonecrusher . so do he soldier . the sabot punch deep into bonecrusher 's steel flesh an& explode at 6,000 degree , rip he open from within . bonecrt#her go berserk , melting into a mass of twisted wreckage 4 . ~ Jazz suddenly get hit point- blank by a massive pulsr '' srast : megatron . through he evil eye we see : Jazz om ithe ground , wounded , in agony . biological cross section : > wrak point identify in Jazz 's chest . he spark . fe megatron plunge he hand into Jazz 's chest , bipping out the spark ! then , cruelly , tear jazz in half ! ~ ironhide nooo !!! ironhide leap at megatron who eas ip swat he aside . 185 ext . STREET - continuous os 185 optimus surge in behind our herme , a juggernaut ! S tearing through row of féncé % , not transform mid-stride -- rise to robot form for ag inqgedible hero shot . megatron transform into jet mode , throttles in for the kill . optimus catch onto mégwtron , go airborne with he ! they hit the side of a building and plummet to the street . car smash into thei® upg , pile up -- major panic time . optimus mogren to . megatron '' rathetic ... speak the language of rnsect . you still make ally of the weak . optimus where you see weakness , I see strength . megatron so be it , brother -- we war begin again ... on earth . the robot collide ! and in all the chaos , bumblebee urgently grab Sam 's hand . upturn the boy 's palm and ... place the cube in it . eye pleading . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 103 . SAM no ... I be not gonna leave you ... bumblebee open he mouth , and painfully manage to utter : bumblebee ggggoooooo ssaammm ... the thump - thump of rotor blade and lennox look skywarg : army blackhawks blur past . the cavalry 's start to arriye ! lennox glance up at a build rooftop . get ane@det '' lennox ) - . kid , here 's a flare ! get to that foat and signal the chopper , we ’1ll coyemyau ! SAM . but -- what be I suppose t -- ° lennox time to see what you be mf§e ve , soldier ! get the cube outta the jy ) far as you can -- or a lotta peop¥e age gonna die ! Sam and mikaela lock eye . he anonyent of truth . mekarlay no matter wha# nappen ... I be glad I get in_ the car _ wi b_yo@ . Sam smile , surprised she 's more of a soul - mate than he know . vortex slam down in . # ron # of he . sam' face -- breathind hard , psyching himself up -- exactly like the footbal# brybut flashback !!! al SAM y@u r€ not gonna get I ! you 're not , gonma get I ! as the décept : rcon charge , he run -- haul ass like a run back wit the cube -- dodging between they leg , nearly get squeghed , jtis size he great advantage ! the soldier provide cover sir # -- meanwhile , optimus and megatron do battle : megatron 's arm turn into two dozen firing turret , hurl optimus a full city block ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 104 . 186 int . abandoned deco build - continuous 186 Sam race into the building with the cube . once the city 's crown jewel , it 's now a abandon , dilapidate mess . he bolt up main stair as the building vibrate from concussion -— - 187 int . stairwell - continuous * 187 as Sam leap into the stairwell and retreat toward thésxr6ef ... '' megatron 's head crash through the floors below hem ! ' sve massive finger rise , reaching for SAM , swatting away # he stair beneath he feet ! . Sam leap to safety as debris drop fifteen stomg '' below ! 188 ext . CITY STREET - continuous ~ 188 amid the chaos , lennox bark into the cb '' lennox Army blackhawks : request '' #mmediiate evac for civilian boy with ca®yo * % readed to rooftop of the high stra@cture -- expedite , ex dite yet meanwhile , mikaela and a few sogdidt drag bumblebee 's other leg to he . it start fusing itse&f wack to bb 's body , nano cell regenerate . he try % rige ' but can not pull himself up . mikaela see a abandon rey 4 ruck park across the street . run over , break the window , hop in : no keys . she smashes loose the ignition asgéimly -- with expert finger , she strip wire -- try sparking tmem together -- mikaela come ome . come on ... the wire spam® eygine roaring to life . she slam into reverse , tire squealing -- . a191ext . abandon®d deco build rooftop - continuous . al91 Sam burs@g gfito the rooftop . weeping angel statue . he raise the flare wun , fire . it arrow up like a firework . starscream be perch several rooftop away . see it ... but a army blackhawk rise up in front of Sam ! the rescue . on the skid , a army commando hang down . as low as he can : army commando grab my hand , kid ! 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 105 . 192 193 Sam step out onto the ledge , wind from the chopper buffete he . the street fifty storey below . Major vertigo time . clutch the cube , Sam reach for the commando ... finger almost touch ... . , starscream fire a missile , blowing the black int - metal } Sam 's knock backward , stunne -- flame chopper part rain down around he as he 's knocked back ~- ext . street below - continuous = , 192 lennox look up as the roof explode in a eruptgéon™ef glass and fire . the helicopter plummet ... lennox no no no !!! optimus -- pull himself from rubble and one it too -- lock eye with lennox : . lennox ( conmbrd ) ~ he’s in trouble !!!! optimus start scaling the bullet rng ‘sé the roof , fast as he can : ext . CITY STREET - continuous . 193 mikaela finish hook #he -3pw * truck chain to bumblebee 's chassis . Hit a lever be the chain pull bumblebee up ... but all he can do be sit upright . leg too damage . and oh shit , here comég devastator , damage , want blood . the tank fire , rocketimy mr kaela off she foot ... she peel hersel# ap , daze , catch sight of a car jack on the tow truck . use& it ‘to heft bumblebee 's arm up , pump fast -- jf mikaela fot 3 % aim , you shoot ! devastatér ' qharge . the soldier flank , try to draw fire away frof '' mixaela . pulse blast explode around they as ... mikae®a ide bumblebee 's arm , aiming as it transform into a laser tt -- kablam ! they return fire . asphalt explode just leave of the tank -- it keep charging -- mikaela aim : kablam ! another blast detonate , miss the tank by inch -- it grow huge charge at they , second from mow they down -- bullseye ! the third blast catch it in the grill and it flip right over there head , splintering into piece ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 106 . quiet . mikaela catch she breath , say to bumblebee ... mikaela ( cont 'd ) Nice shot . 194 ext . abandoned deco build rooftop - continuous . 194 the roof around Sam have crumbled away . he 's trap on '-e small patch of cement when ... megatron explode through from gerew ! megatron give I the cube , Boy ! you be not stpang _ enough to defy I ! but Sam cling valiantly to the cube ... . SAM he back toward the building 's edge ... pegifously close . megatron I see the fear in you fas . . I can end it ... or you will die .i. Sam 's face grow determine a& nos will harden . this be he moment -- life or death , it 1 F gove down to now : sam i. am. never , gyve it to you . and megatron fire at Sam , blowing out the rooftop beneath he ! it rip away , statue am@all , as ... Sam tumble out int the -depth of empty space over the city ... falling forty storie4 p he death ... wo optimus , stretcrh&d b&tween two building , reach desperately for he as he < pauiiiiit . oe SAM land y T , a perfect catch ! but now gotemir 's and Sam fall together -- and to make matter worse , m@gatfon hurtle down from above , like a eagle plunging forthe kr -- optimus 's up Sam protectively against he chest , he other arm transform into a turret : he fire , spin megatron wildly off course -- as they drop the remain twenty stories , optimus 's hand rip through the build frame to slow they fall . crash ! the huge impact fill the screen with smoke and debris . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 107 . 195 lennox look up as a contingent of scream military jets rocket in , fly over the city . megatron land nearby . the soldier circle , use they launcher to laze megatron 's body , just like they do skorponok : lennox ( into cb ) the target 's marked ! hit em '! on optimus 195 as the smoke clear ... he finger slowly OPEN ravedm ... SAM , safely enclosed on he chest . still clutching tn& cube . he slide onto the ground . daze . optimus you would give you own life to sadtect the cube ...? optimus and Sam lock eye . Sam grin . eg pet the cube ... and he father 's word : SAM no sacrifice , no vgétpry . that land with optimus . but btgfo¥e he can take the cube ... vortex and starscream swabp ! '' double -team he , hammer optimus with pulse blast as wpgatron slam down near Sam : 7 megatron I ?’s mine ! 2 we cube be mine ! vortex and starscresm concentrate firepower on optimus to keep he down . it 's brata@l * but lennox jumpsuont the fall motorcycle nearby . gun it through flamipg wreckage as the Air Force jet scream low , launching sabey ypund -- vortex 's face be blown OPEN ! lennox roar in full throttle , sliding # he@bike under . the robot 's leg , open-fire he launcher '' , thé round tear into vortex 's chest . stomach . limb . he shriek and start disintegrate ! optimus *xise . wallop ! a roundhouse from he great hydraulic arm catch starscream -~- crash ! he go backward through car . the jet streak past megatron , unload missile . puncturing he flesh , but not enough to stop he as he charge at Sam ... optimus lie on he side , wounded . but never give up : 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 108 . 199 he swing he massive leg -- Sam dive under it to safety as it whooshes over he head , kick megatron back . but megatron recover , rise . optimus shout : optimus use the cube , Sam ! aim for he spark ! '' oy megatron tower on all four above the boy , about to crysrrhim ! optimus ( cont 'd ) Di ow ! 122 and second before sam' kill , he slam the guba straight into megatron 's chest ! a blinding flash ! with a bellow , megatron ! 5 ¥park explode , tendril of energy swirl . lightn snap put , leaping to surround machinery , all of megatron 's '' ese force release in one quick burst . , . starscream transform , the last rem ing ~ decepticon . he flee the planet ... and then ... > quiet . , . ext . hoover dam - continuous . 199 emergency crew race in {semer , in pain , be help along the tarmac by maggie and gleé ics take hold of he , lead he toward a emergency vehicla . '' de stop , turn ... and salutes maggie and Glen . they salute back . as keller 's drive away ... : maggie you werg : jréat . ~ glen tharf™ -+ um , just curious , be you fig ing the urge to weep openly right ney - maggie @robably healthy . . ( slip she arm through . he ; as they walk ) y'know , I still owe you my platinum goblin armor . glen I do not think I need to see another computer for the rest of my life . 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 109 . 200 ext . CITY STREET - day 200 mikaela and bumblebee emerge through the smoke . the autobot 's damage but alive , drag one malfunction leg . as the jet streak overhead , lennox and he soldier clasg hand ... ratchet and ironhide appear through the wreckage . in hide 's arm , Jazz 's lifeless body . gently , he set he dow yctimus approach ... . ~ SAM but you planet ... without the cube , you be the last of you kind ... optimus kneel by he fall soldier . optimus ( finally ) we will survive . we musty he touch a hand to Jazz 's chest . agitring he . gpriyey srevt 'd ) for that who do poy . a beat . hook ! wiikabla ( 0.s. ) ook ! they turn . she 's sta#€tfq at the edge of a giant crater . everyone gather besi@e h& 'ri . look down into the crater where ... megatron 's body lie@ buuf in the rubble . megatron 's eye . '' wi#dle and go out . : optimus y@y if®ft I no choice ... brother . hold on oux keroe . human and robot . together . a ringing school bell take we to ... 201 int . '' branqoilty high school - hallway - day 201 Monday morning . kid fill the hall between class . among they , we find Sam and mile , talk , laugh . Sam stop short when he see mikaela up ahead , head he way / with she friend . her look pass from Sam , to trent down the hall . who will she choose ? she start walk . to trent . Sam 's heart fall . until ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod 110 . 202 203 204 205 she pass trent . keeps move to Sam . he open he mouth to say something but ... she lip be on he for a incredible kiss , right there in front of everyone . as we pull away , we score rise ... keller ( v.0 . ) give the satellite blackout , knowledge of the alien presence be contain ... int . the capitol - close - door session - day 202 keller at a table , address WASHINGTON brass on @ gis : keller however , to maintain absolute seq I recommend sector Seven be terminate , and the specimen know as nbe - one ed over with a fifty kilo-ton d at the bottom of the laurentian abvask .g ext . high seas - the laurentian abyss = nicht 203 the sea crash around the bow of a ayrcraft carrier . keller and maggie watch as tug- pulleyg# @ra megatron 's lifeless body across the flight deck ... . a bolt -studd nuclear device ;- wo he chest . keller give a nod and the device activ : S. - e red '' detonation '' light blink as the 50,000 ton behemo 's be ipushed over the side , crash ... beneath the surface : megatron sink fast , suck into the silent204 vortex . disappear the darkness , we be leave only with the blinking detonator lifht ... count down ... fade away ... optimus 's voice rettrif to we : . optimus ( v.0 . ) fa# gu ww the decepticon legion be vanguash ... and though we have 6aeadfice much , fate have yield a ' bpexpect reward : a new world to call ... '' home . ext '' CITY freeway - day 205 Cars , thusands , jamme bumper to bumper . and one of they could be a transformer . optimus ( v.o. ) we live among its people now , hide in plain sight ... 060228 prime directive to dw & hod lll . 206 207 ext . rural farmhouse - front porch - day 206 ironhide pull up , lennox behind the wheel . he step from the pickup . the porch door swing open and ... he wife run to he , hold they baby . they hold - each other tight ... optimus ( v.0 . ) I have witness they capacity for courage ... and much like we , there 's more to they than meet the eye . lennox take he baby in he arm for the first tgme . ' the tiny infant stare up at he , smile . his perfect day . CUT to optimus prime in close up : 207 particle billow across he face . snow # ubke . he stare ata blinking transmitter on he arm , a antenhfa faise ... optimus ( conme 'd ) I be optimus Prime ... aw# @ it wend this message to all suryivig afftobot take refuge among the s#arm , vu be not alone ... optimus look to the sky . optigus ( cont ’d ) we be here . we e wait . and we music soar as we pull back to reveal he 's stand at the top of a snow - capbed mount everest , overlook the world ... optimus grow smalte a& oh its peak , the sky behind hima fiery red as he stare ( fyydfd ... wait for a answer from the star . fade out . the en