transatlantic merry-go-round transatlantic merry -go-round 1 credit title reach the screen-- superimpose on a background of steaming funnel belching steam -- accompany by a musical score of ex - cite tempo . dissolve to : 2 long shot -- night large ocean liner , plow through darken water , its deck and porthole brilliantly illuminate . CUT to : 3 quick flash --medium shot -- prow of ship come straight onto the camera . the speed at which she be travel throw a phosphorescent spray many foot into the air -- almost up to the bowsprit , under which be carve , in ornate letter , S. S. progress . dissolve to : 4 long shot take in audience and entertainer on board the S. S. progress . the voice of Jean sargent and Frank parker be hear sing rock and Roll . CUT to : 5 close shot --sargent and parker 6 camera pan to medium close shot of denby at microphone . he be read from a sheet of paper . denby ( into mike ) hello again ! this be Chad denby --remember ? -- h 'mm -- you master of ceremony -- come to you with another program in mid-atlantic - - for the benefit of you folk who just tune in I want to say that the passenger be all comfortably seat -- I wish you listener back there in the small town and village could see the life and glamour on this float palace -- we be have ocean of fun -- be I hot tonight ! Mary enter . mary oh-h , mister den-n-by -- denby yep --everybody 's have a good time but I -- what do you want , Mary ? mary I just write a poem about the Atlantic Ocean -- denby but , Mary -- everybody 's have such a great time -- why spoil it ? mary somebody 's get to do it -- denby well , let 's hear the poem -- mary ( read from paper ) oh , you dear Atlantic Ocean - - how you spread across the sea - - from New York to dear old Europe -- just for boat to ride on thee -- denby ( cut in ) very good , Mary -- mary but I be not finish yet --( poem ) -- and you wave be so colossal -- rock boat both to and for -- oh-h , Atlantic , how I love you ( sign of seasickness ) - - ( be - peat ) - - how I love you -- denby what 's the matter , Mary ? mary I be get seasick -- denby ( mockingly ) h 'mm -- dear Atlantic -- mary Mr. denby -- what do you think I ought to do with that part ? denby put the whole thing in a envelope and mail it through a porthole -- the voice of Frank parker and Jean sargent can be hear during this announcement . denby you be listen to the golden voice of Jean sargent and Frank parker , who be entertaining with that rollick bit of syncopation , rock and Roll - - every - body 's have a good time -- Mary enter and start read from a sheet of paper . mary ( read ) oh , Mr. den-n-by ! denby ( into mike ) everyone but I -- what do you want now , Mary ? mary I feel better now -- I have get a riddle ! when be a plate of bean soup not a plate of bean soup ? denby all right . when be a plate of bean soup not a plate of noodle soup ? mary when it fall off the table and turn turtle -- cute ? denby ( reacting sourly ) Mary -- fall off the boat and turn to the leave -- dissolve to : 7 long shot finale of act of trio in which Sally be prominent . 8 close shot Trio take bow . CUT to : 9 denby at microphone denby ( excitedly ; applause come in ) listen to that applause -- what other steamship line give you this entertainment on the high seas ? where be it come from ? -- you say it ! the transatlantic merry - go-round of 1934 - - what a boat !-- a snappy deck -- three hot funnel -- a hundred gallop porthole -- and all nice people ! try a trip on we boat for what ail you . well , this conclude the performance of the at - lantic folly - - Chad denby signing off until tomorrow night -- good night , folk ! dissolve to : 10 auditorium passenger laugh and talk and strolling out on the moonlit deck . pick up lother and follow he down companionway . pick up captain and third officer come up from the opposite direction . lother ( genially ) good night , Captain . captain good night , Mr. lother . slow dissolve to : 11 lother walk down companionway to sally room --number 51c . we dolly with he in close shot . he go in door , close it , and we hear the door lock . we stay on the exterior of door , where we hear two shot fire -- a woman scream -- we see the steward run up to the door , and we CUT to : 12 medium close shot --lother he be lie on the floor -- dead . CUT to : 13 close shot --exterior door the steward come up and start pound on the door . lap dissolve to : 14 inside charthouse first and second navigation officer lean over chart . first navigation officer have you take the sounding ? second navigation officer yes , sir-- here 's we position now . as the officer lean over the chart , CUT to : 15 close shot -- Officer 's hand trace the progress of the ship on the chart . second navigation officer we be off the southeastern point of newfoundland -- 43 '' West and 52 '' North --run dead to time . ( his hand trace backward on the chart ) twenty - four hour ago -- 38 '' , 41 '' -- ( his hand continue go backwards ) thirty -six hour off the point light -- fifty -eight hour -- back in -- New York ! as he say " New York " the setup become dif - fuse . SOUND track carry a honk and toot - ing of motor horn -- the sound of many voice -- a orchestra play . slow dissolve to : 16 sign in gigantic figure : " pier 13 " ( New York dock ) over this the SOUND track carry miscellaneous noise in fast tempo-- hoot of taxicabs -- screeching of brake -- babble of excited voice -- hawker , porter , passenger . camera pan down to the passenger entrance at dock 13 of the Green funnel line . within the entire radius of the camera lens teem - ing humanity ; passenger -- vendor sell stream - ers--steamship official -- a couple of plain - clothes men-- porter , steward , messenger boy with flower , and policeman who keep they move . 17 medium shot --newsboy newsboy ( call ) Paper !-- extra !-- ballinger break jail ! ( note : throughout this entire departure sequence we occasionally hear this boy 's voice call the above ) pull camera back to very long shot . private car and taxi be arrive in a stream , toot impatiently as they jockey for a position to drop they passenger and baggage . in the distance can be hear the occasional wail whistle of craft in the stream and , from the deck of the S. S. progress , the ship orchestra play gay , familiar tune . as a taxi drive up , camera dolly back to medium shot , shoot from the roadway through taxi window to the entrance of the dock . its occupant be lee lother ( the man we see dead in first sequence ) . 18 reverse angle he jump out , pay taxi ; porter grab he hand baggage . porter name and reservation , sir ? lother Lee lother --4c . 19 TRAVEL shot as they move through the crowd . SOUND track carry paper boy 's voice call the extra . lother stop and busy a paper . in close proximity be a man read one of the papers -- a woman be look over he shoulder . man ( heatedly ) escape again ! -- more bank robbery ! -- more hold - up !-- what we need be a police force ! lother overhear this as he pay for paper and move on read paper , follow by porter , also try to read it over lother 's shoulder . porter they will be a lot of shoot before they get that guy again -- slippery as a eel . CUT to : 20 exterior dock a limousine discharge its passenger . a taxi behind it be toot impatiently to get alongside . 21 interior taxi -- anya rosson and her husband anya be a young Russian , blonde , extremely attractive , beautifully dress -- speak with a slight accent . she be puffing nervously at a cigarette . her husband be young , middle - age Grand Mitchell type . they get quickly out of the car and move toward dock . at first - class gangplank they stop . porter carry they baggage start to take it aboard . anya wait a minute , porter - - my husband 's not go aboard . porter bow away to a respectful distance . anya place she hand on she husband 's arm . anya ( quietly ) go to miss I ? rosson nod he head -- he voice be a little husky . rosson send I a wireless when you arrive -- and have a good time -- that 's the important thing . anya ( smile ) it 's all happen so suddenly -- I can hardly believe I be go -- as she be speak this line she eye be search for someone on the ship . CUT to : 22 what she sees --- quick flash -- lother -- near the rail . he be look in another direction -- obviously do not see she . CUT back to : 23 anya and her husband anya too bad you could not come , too , Herbert . rosson ( kindly ) as long as we can indulge you whim -- somebody in the family have to work . ( he kiss she quickly . ) good-bye , my dear . if I keep that duluth people wait another minute , I will lose the deal . anya do not let I go without the jewel case . ( he put he hand in he pocket and hand she a small case . ) the american Express cheque be in there , be not they ? rosson ( nodd ) you can pick up you letter of credit at cook 's in cherbourg . Goodbye . they embrace . quickly she take a flower from the corsage she be wear and place it affectionately in he lapel , pat he cheek , and , without another word , go up the gangplank follow by the porter . rosson stand barehead watch she for a moment . camera move in close to he . we see that he mildness be bely by he eye and that he be under a emotional strain . his hand go to the lapel of he coat . he pull out the flower , crush it in he hand , and let 's it slowly fall to the ground . 24 dolly shot --he hurrie back through the crowd find a porter -- hand he a check . rosson get my baggage out of the check room and put it aboard this ship . porter yes , sir -- where 's you reservation ? rosson ( pull out passport and steamship ticket ) cabin 108 -- second class -- I will see you aboard . rosson disappear through the crowd . the porter , who be already carry a bag when approach by rosson , put its down on top of a theatrical trunk while he go to collect rosson 's baggage from the check room . camera stays on trunk on which be print : " Sally marsh -- marsh Trio . " a girl be lean against the trunk , she back to the camera . she turn slowly -- it be sally marsh . beside she be ned , turn the page of variety . also a porter . sally ( to porter ) take this thing to 51c and the other trunk have my name on it just like this . porter you get aboard , miss - - I will take care of it . sally it 's very important -- it have we costume in it . voice hey , Sally . Chad denby , master of ceremony , come into scene . denby the big star of Chad denby 's big seagoing show . we will have you name up in lighthouse from here to England . Sally be look around rather nervously . sally well , that 's something - - even if only the fish can see it . denby be you happy ? sally will be -- as soon as the ship sail . ned I think I have we sailing cover up -- ( indicate paper ) -- and here it be . sally ( alarmed ) do you think lother could have see it ? denby you would better get on board . I will take care of the trunk . hey , porter ! Sally move near gangplank near which be stand a gang of five or six vaudevillian of various type , etc. , etc . suddenly they see Sally and rush forward with enthusiastic greeting . first vaudevillian just read in variety you be sailing . picked up some of the boy and girl to come down and give you a cheer . General ad-lib as they give Sally flower , wish she luck , etc . Sally be ill at ease -- she ad-lib with the other . first vaudevillian say , this steamship company be go into the show business in a big way . second vaudevillian I should say so -- this transatlantic showboat idea be a novelty . third vaudevillian I think it 's a conspiracy -- they want to take all the vaudeville act out to the middle of the Atlantic and dump they overboard . FOURTH vaudevillian ha ! ha ! that 's a dirty trick to play on the fish ! fifth vaudevillian do they pay any kind of money on this big ship ? first vaudevillian sixty -two fifty for team and a hundred and a quarter for quartet . 25 fifth vaudevillian I would not sing on a rowboat for that kind of dough ! the forego line be more or less speak together -- disjointedly . camera pan slowly over to the roped - off passport enclosure at which a official be sit stamp visa . camera move in close to he hand hold a passport . CUT to : 26 close shot --the passport , showing : photo jame BRETT New York Age : 28 single occupation : architect we see the official stamp come down on the passport as camera pan up to medium close shot of jimmy BRETT ( gene Raymond ) . he take back he passport . BRETT thanks . he be scan the dock , obviously in search of someone . he move toward steerage gangplank in the direction of shortie --a depressed - look individual in steward 's white coat . shortie 's eye be anxiously search the crowd . his expression be anything but happy . he see brett and move toward he . shortie now listen , Jimmy --! brett do not even glance at he but continue to walk past , speak as he do so . BRETT not here -- follow I around the shed . dissolve to : 27 back of shed --brett and shortie BRETT ( look around furtively . he then turn to shortie ) do not you know better than to talk to I with people around ? shortie ( sarcastically ) oh , put on the swell , eh ? BRETT I think you be a smart guy . shortie if I be smart I would not be work my way over on this ship . ( he light a cigarette ) BRETT we do not have enough dough for two ticket , do we ? shortie we coulda get two third - class ! BRETT no bank roll there , boy . ( quickly ) lucky I could get you sign on -- they pick up that Pittsburgh jeweler -- make he talk . the heat 's on , shortie - - and that Atlantic breeze be go to be mighty welcome . shortie oh , I be not squawkin' , but I be not use to work and it 's a bad habit to get into . BRETT it will never hurt you --- get any money ? shortie a dollar seventy and I be gonna keep it ! BRETT no , you be not . give I that dollar seventy . shortie I will give you half of it . ( he go to he pocket and extract money ) here 's seventy cent . ( brett take it ) at this point two uniform cop approach . brett see they . BRETT nix , the law ! shortie ( immediately become servile ) yes , sir !-- I will , sir -- certainly , sir ! BRETT ( speak casually as the man come near ) he 's a color man in chauffeur 's uniform carry a basket of fruit . shortie I will watch for he , sir . the cop have stop and be eying shortie . BRETT thank you , and here 's seventy cent for you trouble . shortie pocket the money and be about to start away . cop just a minute ! shortie swallow hard -- turn . shortie you speak to I , sir ? cop ( gruffly ) can not you read ? ( he point ) shortie look to what cop be point at . CUT to : 28 large sign : " no smoking " CUT back to : 29 shortie and two cop shortie heave a sigh of relief and drop he cig - arette . the cop put he foot on it . first cop you ought to know better than that . the two dick move off around the shed . CUT to : 30 BRETT and shortie BRETT Quick , let I have that money . I be break and I will need it for tip . shortie oh , no -- you be not gonna give my hard - earn money away . CUT to : 31 one of the steward approaching CUT to : 32 BRETT and shortie brett take advantage of the situation know the steward be shortie 's boss . shortie nix -- here come my boss . BRETT ( to shortie - - loud enough for steward to hear ) do not forget that $ l.70 change . shortie , in a spot , hand it to brett . the steward walk away . shortie you be a wise guy -- gimme back -- BRETT ( interrupt ) shortie , look ! CUT to : 33 what they see two plain -clothes detective be shaking hand with inspector mckinney . behind mckinney be a porter carry he suitcase , etc . first detective well , pleasant trip , Inspector . inspector thanks . I have be wait fifteen year for this vacation . what be you boy do here ? CUT to : 34 close shot -- newspaper in detective's hand as he let it fall open . headline : " ballinger break jail again " and a picture of ballinger . CUT back to : 35 medium close shot --brett and shortie watching the inspector . BRETT mckinney !-- the smartest dick in Manhattan . shortie you do not think --? BRETT look like he 's take a trip -- see the baggage ? the only time they ever pick I up , mckinney walk through the room while they be grill -- let 's see how good he memory be . as he move forward . shortie Jimmy , do not ! ( but brett be go ) CUT to : 36 inspector mckinney and the two detective first detective we get a tip ballinger might jump this boat . mckinney ( smiling ) not interested , boy . when I leave headquarters this morning -- I cut the word " police " and " criminal " right out of my vocabulary . second detective do not blame you , sir - - you have earn a rest . brett come quickly into scene . BRETT pardon I , gentleman - - have you notice a color man in chauffeur 's uniform , carry a l-a-r-g -e basket of -- fruit ? as he say this he look the Inspector straight in the eye . there be no sign of recognition on mckinney 's part , who reply casually : mckinney no , I have not . a little smile of satisfaction overspread brett 's countenance as he thanks they and hurry on through the crowd . CUT back to : 37 BRETT and inspector camera pan to coffin on a truck be push by a docker . a woman in mourn follow and get on the boat . all through this scene policeman be see at short interval make they way hurriedly through the crowd . 38 TRAVEL shot until the coffin become the background of a bride and groom who be be shower with rice . CUT to : 39 close shot --coffin as the rice hit it . CUT back to : 40 sally and vaudevillian sally you be darling to see I off -- I will write you as soon as I get there . vaudevillian come back on the same boat ? sally guess not -- we're go to try and line up some kind of booking over there . vaudevillian well , good - by , beautiful -- I have want a excuse to do this for a long time . another vaudevillian line up , boy ! he grab Sally and kiss she . the next moment there be general confusion . the gang be all patting she on the back , wishing she luck , etc . mechanically she kiss each one of they . as she be do this , Jimmy brett , hurry from leave to right , get mix up in the group . Sally mechanically kiss he , the next moment realize she mistake and smile with embarrassment as the vaudevillian laugh . BRETT ( after kiss ) that be sweet of you . the orchestra from the deck commence to play sweet of you . brett remove he hat , look at Sally admiringly and grin . sally I be so sorry ! BRETT ( facetiously ) want to take it back ? he lean toward she hopefully . sally I think you be one of my friend . BRETT I would like to be . ( anxiously ) sail on the progress ? sally yes -- be you ? BRETT ( look she straight in the eye and smile ) I would not miss this boat for a million . sally ( look at boat with admiration ) she look like a lot of other boat . I grant you she 's beautiful . ( still look at boat ) BRETT ( who have not take he eye off Sally for a instant ) I will say she be ! sally Nice line -- BRETT yes -- Sally turn -- see he 's look at she --smile . sally like she paint job ? BRETT very much -- sally ( search for handkerchief ) you have get lipstick all over you . BRETT I could stand some more -- sally ( laugh ) -- you will have all the boy tipping they hat to you -- ( she reach up with she handkerchief ) -- let I wipe it off . BRETT no ! do not touch it ! I want the world to see my shame . ned come quickly into scene -- he 's impatient to get she aboard . ned come on , Sally . as they move off toward ship . CUT to : 41 quick flash ---orchestra playing sweet of you with one of its member sing the refrain through a megaphone . 42 close shot --sally look back over she shoulder at brett 43 quick flash --lother' face -- among the crowded passenger at the railing , watch Sally . he smile to himself and step back . 44 quick flash --anya watch lother . 45 close shot --brett his eye be twinkle -- there be a smile on he lip -- he be evidently very much impressed . he watch Sally move toward gangplank . 46 medium shot as brett start to move away he bump into a messenger boy carry a beautiful bouquet of flower . BRETT ( quickly ) who be that flower for ? messenger boy ( look at label ) Mrs. armitich . BRETT glad I catch you in time -- Mrs. armitich be not sailing -- so give they to my sister -- that lady with the beautiful red hair go up the gangplank . he tear label from bouquet . messenger boy but I be suppose to -- BRETT ( in lordly manner ) -- do not argue or I will close my account ! messenger boy okay . what 's she name ? -- BRETT -- with the red hair -- hurry ! he give the boy a push , shove he out of picture . CUT to : 47 gangplank --long shot from brett' angle we see the boy overtake Sally just before she step aboard . she take the flower -- look surprised -- evidently ask the boy who they come from . we see the boy point in brett 's direction . she smile she thanks just as the fellow sing through the megaphone come to the phrase - - " it be sweet of you . " CUT to : 48 taxi arriving -apparently empty porter yank open the door . seat on a suitcase on the floor , the befuddle victim of alcohol , be dan campbell ( sidney Howard ) . he have a bottle in he hand and beam at the porter . dan come in , my dear fellow - - pull up a chair -- delighted to meet you ! my name 's Campbell . he extend he hand . by now the taxi driver have reach the door . there be a impatient toot of car from behind . driver come on -- get out of there ! dan gentlemen - - a toast ! here 's to -- driver ( to porter ) he 's get a ticket for England -- some guy load he into my cab . they yank he to the sidewalk and send he on he way . 49 TRAVEL shot --dan as he stagger through the crowd -- pause to search through he pocket for something , as he come to Mary Livingston and Chad denby , camera pan to favor they . Chad be talk to Mary . denby Mary -- I have get a great show for this trip -- and with my dry wit and humor - - h'mm -- a few more trip and we will have to furnish straphanger for the passenger to hang on ! mary ( sarcastically ) with you dry wit and humor -- denby oh yeah ? -- my personality put this thing over -- mary maurice Chevalier ! there 's a fellow with personality . denby what 's he get that I have not get ? mary well , he have a straw hat -- denby ( interrupt ) so have I -- I can get it right out of my trunk . mary -- and he have sex appeal . denby so what ? mary get that out of you trunk . denby all right -- do not spoil the trip with any of that joke -- there 's a nice bunch of people on this trip -- nothing but class -- I look over the passenger list and they be all member of the who 's who ! mary never mind the who 's who -- before I get on this boat I want to know what 's what ! how about my raise ? all I get out of this ocean trip be dizzy . denby do not blame it on the ocean ! -- all right , you will get the raise ! Dan Campbell stagger in between they -- Chad grab hold of he to brace he up . mary be that one of the who 's who ? denby ( embarrassed ) no -- he 's probably one of the " here 's how . " ( hold up Dan to steady he ) take it easy -- the ocean 's pretty rough today -- dan I will say -- how fast be this boat go ? denby ( wink to Mary ) oh , -- we be do about thirty -- dan ( speak to himself ) pretty good -- thirty mile a hour -- denby no. knot ! dan what ? denby knot ! dan I can see you be no gentleman -- mary he 's funny -- maybe you can use he in the show , Mr. denby . dan denby ! -- be you Chad denby ? denby that 's I ! dan not the real Chad denby ? -- denby yes -- I -- in person ! dan so what ? mary ( laugh ) where 's you dry humor now , Chad ? Dan stagger . denby be careful - - come on -- I better pour you on the boat -- as the three start away -- denby be still sore at the last remark . denby I can see where I will not talk much to you . dan ( misunderstanding ) nut to you too ! CUT to : 50 long shot --the dock the steerage and second - class gangway be already be lower -- visitor be stream down the gangplanks from the first saloon . the orchestra be play -- quartermaster be shouting instruction -- paper streamer be commence to be throw aboard . CUT to : 51 quick flash --the last of the freight be swung aboard in the nets . CUT to : 52 gangplank --medium shot denby have Campbell by the arm help he up the gangplank . Campbell stumble and he rubber leg buckle under he . denby have some difficulty help Campbell back on he foot . after Campbell be put on he foot again , he turn to denby , and very seriously remark : campbell ( to denby ) steady , old boy -- I have get you . denby thanks -- I appreciate it . they proceed up gangplank , toward deck of boat . two or three policeman in uniform be see come down gangplank , obviously leave the boat . first policeman he 's not there , Inspector - - we have searched every inch of the boat . inspector okay -- report back to the desk . CUT to : 53 long shot --ship and dock the last gangplank be drag ashore . the orchestra strike up rock and Roll . people be cheer -- streamer be fly in great profusion . CUT to : 54 long shot --from dock slowly the big ship majestically maneuver from the moor . the streamer become taut -- snap as the S. S. progress -- music play -- passenger wave -- whistle blow -- move out into the stream . CUT to : 55 medium close shot --lifeboat upper deck slowly the camera be raise and we see the face of ballinger , which we recognize from the newspaper . it immediately disappear and he hand come up and drop a policeman 's uniform and cap over the side of the boat into the water . fade -out . 56 fade - in : one or two atmospheric shot aboard ship CUT to : 57 brett' cabin aboard the S. S. progress brett have change into flannel and be fix he tie . the door open and shortie , carry a heavy package and a bundle of telegram , enter . brett see he in the mirror , speak without turn . BRETT take you time get here . shortie yer lucky I be here at all . I tell you , Jimmy - - my foot will never hold out . BRETT stop squawk ! you be do this job on a ship four year ago when I first pick you up , be not you ? shortie yeah -- but high livin 's make I soft . BRETT how're the tip ? shortie ( depressed ) a dollar forty . BRETT I will need it -- give my last buck to the bedroom steward . shortie not a chance . BRETT ( coaxingly ) come on -- ( he extend he hand ) I will promote a card game , and we will be sit pretty . shortie until then -- the dollar forty stay with I . BRETT be that a nice way to talk to a pal ? shortie do not let money spoil a beautiful friendship . look at this here telegram to be deliver ! this be not a job - - it 's a marathon . he move to door . BRETT oh , shortie ! -- ( he voice be casual ) -- there 's a girl on this ship -- shortie ( contemptuously ) -- there 's thousand of them ! BRETT ( enthusiastically ) a thousand ? she 's one in a million -- right off the top of the rosebush ! he take it big . shortie ( sternly - - with a quick look ) this be a business trip ! BRETT she be wear a white dress with a cute , black hat -- and carry a bag with S. M. on it . ( half to himself ) funny -- she name 's not on the passenger list . ( he pick up passenger list ) shortie maybe she 's in the show -- one of the trouper -- do you ever think of that ? BRETT ( happily ) why do not I think of that ?-- I be go to scout around and see if I can find she . a stateroom steward knock and enter quickly . steward everything in order , sir ? ( he see shortie and favor he with a unfriendly look ) what be you do here , my lad ? shortie telegram . steward ( aggressively ) well - - get a move on yer -- then get back to yer station . shortie cast a look of despair at Jimmy and commence to exit . BRETT just a minute , steward -- have not you forget something ? shortie no , sir ? BRETT my change . shortie Change ? BRETT a dollar forty -- out of the two dollar I give you . he extend he hand . shortie favor he with a dirty look , hand he the dollar forty . the steward eye he grimly and exit . shortie start to follow , suddenly get a idea , and move quickly to brett 's cabin trunk . he pull out the top drawer . 58 close shot --it' content gambling paraphernalia , card , dice , etc . 59 close shot --shortie's hand take key and open he drawer in brett 's trunk . he take out a pair of dice and roll they quickly two or three time on top of the trunk . each time they throw a seven . shortie' voice not bad -- I will use this to get even . 60 medium shot as he move toward door . BRETT shortie ! -- you know my motto ? shortie pleasure first if it do not interfere with business . BRETT right ! -- but it do not have to apply to you -- keep you eye open for anybody wear a lot of crack ice and give I the office . shortie ( visibly brighten ) now you be talkin ' ! he exit . CUT to : 61 outside --trucking shot shortie come down corridor with a big basket of flower and the parcel . CUT to : 62 medium close shot --lady passenger she stick she head out of she stateroom door and see shortie . lady Boy ! shortie yes , mar 'am . lady will you come in and fix my porthole ? shortie enter stateroom . camera follows he to porthole which he close quickly . the lady tip he and shortie start out . CUT to : 63 outside shortie be just close the door . Sally marsh enter scene . sally I be look for 48 . shortie right down there , miss . he point . CUT to : 64 door 48 Chad denby 's office on board . dissolve to : 65 medium close shot ned and denby . ned be sit there very worried about Sally because lother be aboard ship . denby ( speak ) then , after the first number , I tell the one about the scotchman try to open a pullman window - - the scotchman say to the window - - " gee you be tight . " -- and the window say -- " you loosen up a bit and so will I . " -- good ? -- and then I do the one -- ( he stop -- see no reaction from ned ) oh -- you do not like it , eh ? ned Chad --lother 's on the boat , and I be worried sick about Sally -- denby oh ! -- so that 's it . do she know he 's on board ? ned no -- but I be go to keep my eye on -- the door open -- Sally enter . sally ( gaily ) be I a member of this club ? denby ( force a laugh ) you be the President . come in ! you brother be just tell I a few joke I can use on the radio -- sally be you pay any attention to he joke ? -- the first thing you know , you will be take piano lesson from venus de milo -- ( then to ned ) get out of here . ( she push he good - naturedly and he leave ) denby everything o.k.? sally just what the doctor order . she glance around the large cabin which have be turn into a office for the master of ceremony . it contain the usual paraphernalia , include stack of music orchestration , a few theatrical photograph , a violin in a case , a portable mike , etc . sally ( look around ) look like you old workshop back on 42nd Street . denby like it ? sally swell -- you have get Times Square right here -- all but the noise -- denby yep --spend lot of time aboard -- you see , Sally , I sell this transatlantic idea to the shipping company . sally and you have put it over - - have not you ? denby why not ? I give them a great show - - and you know -- we be do capacity , Sally - - and all Nice people -- sally ( admiringly ) you never fail at anything , do you , Chad ? denby no -- not much -- except -- ( look at she steadily ) sally ( glance at she picture on wall ) still get my picture , I see -- I be pretty dumb then , be not I , Chad ? denby no -- inexperience -- ( look at picture ) a red-headed kid-- homemade clothes -- Broadway be paradise - - and a slot at the automat be a banquet . sally I come to tell you what a swell guy I think you be to do this -- denby do what -- sally ( place she hand on he arm affectionately ) you make it possible for we to get away at a few hour ' notice - - you never ask why , but I guess you know . denby News travel fast on Broadway - - you have to get away from a rat -- sally it be not only that -- ned be in a jam . denby I get it -- Lee lother have a hand in that , too ? sally ( nodd ) I be so crazy about he -- anything he do or say be o.k. by I . ( she avoid he eye ) I introduce he to people -- even after I know he stock promote be phoney and the card game be crooked . it do not seem to matter -- I do not care -- ( she voice lower ) -- until he roped ned in . some confidence game -- and the kid leave he fingerprint on a drink glass . denby I feel pretty low , Sally , when I hear you be run around with a racketeer -- sally ( with a want smile ) woman have a curious taste for knickknack . when I find out about ned --tried to make a break -- Lee would not stand for it and -- well - - here I be ! denby stay on the other side of the pond for a couple of month -- you will soon forget all about it . sally Chad denby broadcasting -- ( she kiss he lightly on the cheek ) -- the nicest man I ever know -- denby but not nice enough to marry -- eh ? sally ( coaxingly ) come on , now - - you have forget all about that . denby I will never love anybody else . Sally look at he a moment before speak -- she eye be moist . sally ( moodily ) woman be such fool !-- why do so many of we pass up right guy ? denby guess they be dull -- nothing for you to reform . CUT to : 67 inquiry office -- BRETT and ship' clerk BRETT can you give I name of the people in the show ? clerk ( think ) well , sir -- there 's -- BRETT -- do not bother . 68 reverse angle --close shot --brett look up at the wall above the clerk 's head . he smile . CUT to : 69 what he sees a announcement of the entertainer in a frame . it include a photograph of Sally with she name under it . CUT to : 70 two - shot --brett and clerk BRETT Sally marsh be the lady I be look for -- where 's she cabin ? clerk 51c -- around to the leave -- second tier . almost before he finish , brett be on he way . lother come into scene and address the clerk . lother what stateroom have miss marsh ? clerk miss Sally marsh ?--51c . lother where would that be ? clerk around to the leave , sir -- second tier . lother ( as he move off ) thanks . CUT to : 71 close - up of anya . CUT to : 72 corridor --stateroom on either side lother be on he way to find Sally -- brett a few yard ahead of he with the same purpose in mind . as lother pass a cabin the door open quickly and anya step in the corridor . 73 close - up of ned watch . 74 close shot --anya anya look for I ? 75 reverse shot --lother unable to believe he eye , it be a moment before he speak . during this , brett continue down the corridor . lother anya ! 76 two -shot anya do not you hate people that surprise you ? ... I do . ( she slip she arm through he -- look up at he and smile ) we can not stand here . lother gulp . lother well ... guess we would better have a drink on it . ( as they start to walk ) CUT to : 77 BRETT knocking briskly on the door of 51c . no answer . he knock again . a stewardess come out of Sally 's room . stewardess the lady be not in she cabin , sir . brett look disappointed , lean against the opposite wall , and fish for a cigarette . BRETT thank you . look around --exit . CUT to : 78 medium close shot --lee lother and anya rosson . sitting in wicker chair , in a quiet part of the palm court . anya 's mood be very gay . she smile at Lee . his be very thoughtful -- and none too pleasant . the music be play and passenger be dance . anya you be still surprised , be not you ? lother anya , I think you be crazy . anya any woman 's crazy to feel about a man the way I do about you . lother I be not run out on you . when I get over there -- make my plan -- I would have send for you . she smile disbelievingly . she be in love with Lee and quite content as long as she 's with he . anya then why the sudden exit without even tell I ? lother do you want the truth , anya ? anya ( sweetly ) it would be a nice change from you . lother I have a idea you husband be get suspicious . anya ( gaily ) you be a charming liar . you know , Herbert 's too dull to be suspicious about anything -- even when I suddenly decide to come to Europe at a few hour ' notice -- lother how would you ever get away with it ? anya when I find out you be go I just have a attack of nerve - - a few tear -- and Herbert be on he way downtown to get my passport ... so who care ... I be here with you ... and that 's all that matter to I . lother ( half -heartedly ) sure ! anya ( with a smile ) I never want to go back .... the steward arrive with the drink . anya ( raise she glass ) here 's to Europe ! ( they drink -- she give he a quick look - - she tone be sharper ) could not try to look a little less glum , could you ? lother do not be crazy -- I be tickle to death to see you . anya that 's fine -- because you be go to see a lot of I ... for the rest of you life . 79 dolly back from anya and lother to a medium shot of palm court from deck angle brett be come along the deck . as he enter Palm Court he bump into a man who be just leave . BRETT I beg you pardon . he look up . 80 medium close shot the man be Inspector mckinney . mckinney ( genially ) hello , young fellow . do you find that basket of flower ? BRETT ( with a grin as he go out out scene ) fruit ! mckinney watch he a moment thoughtfully . CUT back to : 81 medium shot --anya and lother summer be come toward they with outstretch hand , he face beam . summer how be you , Mr. lother ? ( he look at anya ) not intrude , I hope ? lother this be Jack summer -- Mrs. rosson . summer beam good - naturedly . summer a rare pleasure to meet you , mar 'am ! where I come from -- out in Montana - - we have some pretty woman , but I guess if you walk down Main Street they would turn out the fire brigade . anya Montana ? summer lumber , mar 'am - - spend all my life out there pile up a bank balance -- ( he slap he thigh ) -- and now gosh darn it -- " honest Jack " -- that 's what they call I -- be goin ' to see the world . lother ( grin ) you be waste you time -- she 's a friend of mine . summer ( suddenly subside ) eh ?... oh. lother ( to anya ) he work the boat as a " come - on " man . we ought to make a fair combination and do a little business . Jack 's a pretty good dealer himself . summer there 's a lot of trout in this stream just waitin ' for a fly . I have already be workin ' on a young fellow from Chicago - - related to one of the big packin ' family -- on he way to biarritz for a good time . like a little game of bridge and poker . he wink . anya ( quietly ) keep you voice down -- that blonde boy be look straight over here . CUT to : 82 close shot --brett at table . CUT back to : 83 anya --lother and summer summer ( look up and lowering he voice ) that 's he ! that 's the sucker !! lother look lonesome -- bring he over here . summer exit . CUT to : ( 84 out ) 85 interior second-class buffet --medium close Mr. rosson and fellow passenger stand at bar in second - class buffet . passenger ( to rosson--enthusiastically ) something about a ocean voyage that make everybody happy ! rosson ( evenly ) not necessarily . passenger oh ! go over on business , eh ? rosson ( raise he eyebrow ) -- er -- yes -- you might call it that -- CUT to : ( 86 - 90 out ) 91 medium close shot --anya and BRETT , lother and summer BRETT have anya 's hand , and be look at she bracelet . anya we will have cocktail and then a few rubber of bridge . BRETT ( still look at bracelet ) I can think of nothing nicer . it 's very kind of you to invite I -- anya I be just commence to enjoy this trip . CUT to : 92 opposite end of palm court sally be just coming out of library . she carry a couple of book under she arm . she pause a moment to watch the dancer through the archway . CUT to : 92-a medium shot suddenly brett stare -- he have see Sally and for a moment struggle between courtesy and desire . desire win . BRETT hmm ! so be I . if you will excuse I I have some important unfinish business . I will see you all later . lother we will be expect you . quickly brett move away . camera stays on anya for a second . lother and summer nod approvingly . CUT to : 93 archway Sally have not see brett -- she move out onto deck . a steward appear carry a small tray of cracker . CUT to : 94 companionway leading to sport deck Sally be just about to ascend as brett come quickly into scene . BRETT where have you be hide ? sally ( slightly vague ) oh--hello ! ( suddenly remember ) I get the flower . that be sweet of you -- thank you . BRETT do not thank I . do you recognize I without the lipstick ? sally ( with mock disappointment ) so you wash it off ! BRETT ( with a grin ) how about give I another coat ? sally ( she move up a step ) good-by . BRETT ( quickly ) wait a minute ! -- they be dance in the palm court -- sally good-by ! BRETT ( dreamily ) there 's soft music -- sally ( as she start to climb ) -- sorry - - get a appointment to play shuffle - board . BRETT ( nonchalantly ) have we ? -- well , I would just as soon play shuffle - board . he take she by the arm . Dan Campbell stagger down the stairway in background . denby come to stairway . dan hello , denby ! denby I think I put you to bed . dan oh , be that I you put to bed ? thanks . I have be look all over for you . denby well , do you find I ? dan not yet . ( he continue ) say , where be this boat head for ? denby this be a fine time to be ask that . you be on you way to France . dan that 's news to I . I would better cable my wife . denby call a steward -- it be shortie . denby hey , boy -- give this man a cablegram blank . ( continue to Dan ) where be you wife ? dan she 's in New York . shortie here you be , sir . ( he hand Dan cablegram blank and pencil ) dan ( start to write ) what will I say ? denby tell she you be on you way to France and will be back in four week . dan that 's fine . he write and utter aloud as he write . denby exit . CUT to : ( 95 out ) 96 insert cablegram which read : " will be back in New York in four week . " dan' voice how much will that be ? 97 medium close shot --shortie and dan shortie ( count word in the cablegram ) eighty cent a word -- three -- six -- nine word . that will be seven twenty , but it 's too much -- I will show you how to save some money . dan how ? shortie read cable aloud . " will be back in New York in four week . " he turn to Dan . shortie where do you live ? dan in New York . shortie you wife know that , do not she ? dan sure . shortie then you do not have to tell she - - cut out New York . shortie cross it out . shortie ( read ) " will be back in four week " -- ( turn to Dan ) -- that save you eighty cent right there ! dan that 's right -- here 's the eighty cent for you . I would rather see you get it than the company -- send it right off . shortie wait a minute -- I think I can cut out a couple o' more word . dan how ? shortie ( read cable aloud slowly ) " will -- be--back--in--four --week . " you do not need the " will be . " just say " back in four week . " dan that 's right . I owe you a dollar sixty . he hand shortie the money . shortie ( get enthuse . he 's find a soft racket ) wait a minute -- I think I can cut something else out . ( read ) " back in four week . " instead of " in four week " -- say " next month " -- that save another word . dan right . here 's eighty cent . send it . he hand shortie the money . shortie just a minute -- I do not think we need the word " back " -- where be " back " ? dan back be in New York . shortie you wife know that , do not she ? dan sure . shortie cut it out . he cross the word out . shortie ( look at cable ) now we get it down to two word -- " next month . " dan send that . shortie wait a minute -- what be next month ? dan next month be June . shortie Fine ! instead of say " next month " -- we will use one word and say " June . " dan June ? that 's my wife 's name . shortie that 's great ! there 's the address and message all in one word . dan o.k .! send that ! shortie just a minute -- you wife know she own name , do not she ? dan sure . shortie well , there 's no use in send it . ( he tear up cable ) see that -- I save you seven twenty ! dan well . I would rather see you get it than the company . he hand shortie the money . CUT to : 98 long shot --sport deck four attractive girl be squealing excitedly as they play deck tennis in short . 99 medium shot --brett and sally as they move along the deck . BRETT this be great . I will be able to watch you act every night . sally you be not very ambitious , be you ? BRETT oh , yes , I be , because afterwards -- up here in the moonlight . sally you work too fast for I , young man . BRETT ( sincerely ) aw -- give a feller a break . my card be on the table -- I want to know you . how about dining with I tonight ? sally never eat before the show . BRETT well -- breakfast ? ( she laugh and shake she head ) lunch ? by this time they arrive into : 100 denby and mckinney stand by shuffleboard sally voice sorry I be late . as she come into scene , pursue by brett , denby turn . denby ( give brett the once - over ) I be just about to start a game with this gentleman . mckinney turn . mckinney ( introduce himself ) mckinney 's the name . denby ( introduce Sally ) miss marsh . she acknowledge introduction . sally ( introduce brett ) this be mr.--er -- BRETT brett be the name . sally Mr denby and Mr. mckinney . they all shake hand . mckinney I think I have meet you before , Mr. brett . BRETT ( smiling ) oh , yes . on the pier . mckinney ( smile , but look straight into he eye ) before that . you face be very familiar . BRETT your , too . be you the mckinney , the dentist on calumet Avenue in Chicago ? mckinney ( smile ) no -- not quite . denby ( facetiously ) they face be familiar -- but not to each other . BRETT ( smile ) now that that 's settle , why not make the game a foursome ? they all agree . ad - lib Fine ! ... o.k .! BRETT miss marsh and I will play against you two . denby no -- I will take Sally and give you the best of it . BRETT tell you what I will do . ( he take a coin out of he pocket ) I will toss you for she - - head she play with I . denby o.k. head you win . brett flip coin ; it come head . a medicine ball come whizzing through the air strike he squarely on the head . he drop the coin and fall into the arm of mckinney . they both stagger with the impact . denby pick up the coin that brett drop . CUT to : 101 insert of coin in denby' palm it have two head on it . 101a close -up --reaction of denby CUT to : 102 BRETT he be rub he head . denby ( with polite sarcasm ) that 's too bad . BRETT ( rub he head ) I be o.k . it do not hurt much . denby ( glance at the two -headed coin ) I be sorry to hear that . sally ( reprimand denby ) I think you be very unkind . at this point a young fellow in athletic shirt enter . young fellow ( to brett , apologetically ) I be awfully sorry . denby ( interrupt the Young fellow ) that 's perfectly all right . do not mention it . the young man exit . sally ( to denby --obviously peeve ) you be just a master of ceremony . he might have knock he head off . denby ( laugh ) what 's the difference ? he 's get more head than he need . sally ( puzzle ) I do not get the humor of that remark . denby ( look at brett ) he do . here 's you quarter , brett . he toss the coin to he . brett catch it and nod he thanks . CUT to : 103 BRETT and sally while walk . BRETT be there a bump on my head ? she run she hand through he hair . sally do not feel any -- yes , I do !-- oh -- that 's a shame . she rub he head gently then stop . BRETT do not stop , nurse -- I think I be go to faint . sally you be a lunatic ! BRETT even cupid 's become modern , use medicine ball instead of dart . she push he aside and take she shot . the follow dialogue be read as they each shoot down three disk -- Sally be very businesslike with she shot -- brett seldom take he eye off Sally . BRETT you know , you be not a bad-look girl . in fact -- I think you be lovely . sally keep you eye on the ball , mister . BRETT married ? sally nothing to speak of . what be this -- third degree ? BRETT I want you to get use to my voice -- you be go to hear it a lot . sally what a horrible death ! do you know what you remind I of ? BRETT ( hopefully ) tell I . sally a little boy that have escape from he nurse and -- BRETT ( interrupt ) -- you want to adopt he ! -- good for you ! he drop he punter and shake she heartily by the hand . she shake she head at he and grin . CUT to : 104 medium close denby and mckinney denby here we be , folk -- eighty thousand wild - eye fan go mad -- they go mad as Chad denby -- with the arm of iron , and the nerve of steel - - pick up he racket -- ( to mckinney ) what be this thing - - a racket or a mallet ? mckinney look to I like standard equipment for the Department of Street Cleaning -- denby ( look toward brett and Sally obviously jealous and annoyed ) too bad we be not make a trip around the world -- maybe we could finish this game . ( he then yell to brett ) hey ! when you get through with that conference , shoot that last disk ! CUT back to : 105 sally and BRETT BRETT watch this one . he take a careful shot . camera follows the disk down the deck . it scatter the other and land dead center in a ring . mckinney' voice Nice shot ! camera pull back and focus on mckinney and denby as they start return the disk from they end . mckinney you can always tell how much a man 's travel by the way he play shuffle - board . denby yeah -- if he would only stick to shuffle - board . follow there first shot back to Sally and brett , then pull back to semiwide shot . during the follow dialogue the disk be be shot at they foot from the opposite side . anya come into scene . she smile sarcastically at brett as she approach he . anya feeling a little better , I see . BRETT yes , yes -- the air -- ( he look at Sally ) -- I be get plenty of air . ( he introduce they ) miss marsh -- Mrs. rosson . sally how do you do . would you care to finish the game ? I have a slight earache . ( she look at brett ) -- and it 's so noisy up here . anya thanks , no . I despise any form of exercise . ( to brett ) do not forget we have a engagement for cocktail and card . BRETT thanks . I will be there . about seven-thirty ? anya ( vamp ) sooner - - if you like . ( to Sally ) see you again , I hope . she cross to the other side of the deck . BRETT ( try to get a rise out of Sally ) be not she attractive ? sally ( drily ) very -- you mother ? BRETT do not be a c-a-t . sally you ask I to dine with you tonight . BRETT yes ? sally well , I can not . BRETT do not rub it in . sally but I will have cocktail with you . BRETT when ? sally at seven-thirty ? BRETT sooner it you like . sally okay . BRETT fatal fascination of James brett win out . sally ( quickly ) wrong again -- ( she look out of picture in the direction that anya leave ) but I dislike possessive woman . she turn and look at he -- they both grin , then giggle , and end up with a good laugh . dissolve to : 106 smoking room the competitor , denby , brett , Sally , and mckinney be seat at the table in the order name . the steward have just place the cool drink in front of they . he hand the check to brett . mckinney grab it . mckinney no ! no ! you trim we . the drink be on I . ( he feel in he pocket , look a little surprised , then feel in he other pocket ) that 's funny , I must have leave my wallet in the cabin . denby ( grab the check ) that 's all right . I will attend to this . BRETT wait a minute - - let 's match for it . denby never mind -- I will pay for it now . it will save time . sally ( rise ) well -- thanks for the game and the drink , and now if you will excuse I -- 107 TRAVEL shot as brett follow Sally . BRETT see you at seven-thirty in the lounge . sally I will be there -- good-by . she exit . CUT back to : 107a close -up --reaction of denby taking this . CUT to : 108 table mckinney ( to denby ) that kid seem to be get along fine !-- denby it must be the sea air -- it get everybody . mckinney he 's a likable chap -- he 's get a honest face -- denby it 's all right -- if you like honest face -- let 's have another drink -- steward ! mckinney oh no -- I do not want to impose on you -- ( half to himself ) it 's funny about that billfold -- I could have swear I have it - ( again he tap he pocket ) dissolve to : 109 a OPEN billfold and a hand extracting a fifty - dollar bill pull camera back to medium shot . brett be in he cabin in tuxedo trousers and dress shirt . he hand the bill to shortie who look slightly surprised . shortie ( with wide eye ) where would you get the dough ? brett wave the pocketbook and grin . BRETT Inspector mckinney . shortie be you screwy ? BRETT I fall in he arm -- could not resist it . shortie you know where that sense of humor 's goin ' to get you one of this day -- brett throw he the pocketbook . BRETT here -- drop it where they will find it and return it to he . he 's not a bad egg . I will ship he back the fifty before we arrive . shortie ( take pocketbook ) you take some awful chance . BRETT well , I have to get some dough to play with that sucker . here , get this change . he hand shortie the fifty - dollar bill . BRETT get a lot of one 's and a couple of five 's . it will be a good flash . brett pick up a deck of card and rifle they expertly . lap dissolve to : 110 purser's office --shortie and mckinney mckinney ( present check to purser ) will you cash a fifty - dollar american Express check for I ? shortie ( to purser ) and will you please give I thirty one 's and two ten 's for this ? ( he hand he the fifty - dollar bill ) the purser take the fifty from shortie and hand it to mckinney . purser ( to mckinney ) there you be , sir . mckinney thank you . purser ( to shortie ) thirty one 's and two ten' ? shortie yes , sir . the purser start to count out shortie 's change as we dissolve to : 111 medium close --lother and summer in anya 's cabin . lother and summer be seat at table . anya be curl up on the divan with a generous display of shapely leg . lother and summer be examine carefully the back of a deck of play card . summer pick up a card and a smile of satisfaction light he countenance . lother can you read them Jack ? summer they be a cinch to read -- Queen of club -- ( we see the hand turn over the Queen of club ) -- Ace of diamond . ( Hand turn up the Ace of diamond ) 112 medium full shot lother the man that mark they be a artist -- two hundred and fifty buck for six deck -- and they be worth it . summer ( look at he watch ) the country boy 's about due . lother better unlock the door . ( then to anya ) sit up , darling , and be dignify . 113 medium shot --interior of brett' cabin shortie and brett . shortie have the change for brett 's fifty - dollar bill . shortie here y'are . now do not take too many chance on that card game . BRETT ( smile ) they will not squawk -- they be professional . shortie ( shrug he shoulder ) well , if that 's the case , you be sure of win the first couple of hand -- but what about after that ? BRETT that 's where you come in . now , listen , shortie - - dissolve to : 114 interior of anya' cabin lother ( to anya ) and do not forget -- you will not play card because you have get a headache . after the three of we get start you can scram . ( to summer ) give he the come - on - - let he win the first few hand . when I give you the office ( he pull the lobe of he ear ) -- start take he . there be a knock at the door . in a flash lother be at the table play " patience . " summer be sit next to anya . another knock . summer ( in a loud voice as he start toward the door ) -- that 's what we call double - a grade lumber , mar 'am ; you do not find a knot in a thousand foot . anya be not that interesting ? another knock . summer come in ! ( he open the door ) BRETT ( stand at threshold ) hope I do not keep you wait . shortie pass in the corridor . brett see he and call . BRETT oh , boy -- shortie come into scene . brett reach in he pocket and pull out a check . BRETT have the purser give you twenty - five hundred dollar for this check -- and bring the cash here . shortie yes , Mr. brett -- right away . shortie leave with check . lother and summer and anya react by exchange glance . anya good afternoon -- BRETT ( look at bracelet ) glad to see you again . brett seat himself next to anya while summer and lother start to pour drink . anya ( sweetly ) do you mind if I do not play ? I have a beastly headache . she put she hand on she forehead and brett gaze longingly at the bracelet on she wrist . lother but , anya , dear ! unless you play we will not have a fourth . anya ( rise ) I be sorry , but you three man can play poker or something . ( she turn to brett ) shall I see you tomorrow ? BRETT I hope so . anya that 's a date . ( she extend she hand ) brett shake it gently and it be evident that the bracelet fascinate he . anya ( to other ) you will excuse I . ( she exit ) summer well , it will have to be poker -- but I be so unlucky in that game . BRETT ( timidly ) if you gentleman play a heavy game , perhaps you would better count I out . summer and lother exchange disappointed glance . BRETT ( smile apologetically ) I never play higher than -- say a $ 200 limit . lother and summer be obviously delighted . lother ( apologetically ) we have not any chip , Mr. brett -- do you mind play with cash ? BRETT not at all . it be difficult for lother and summer to conceal they glee as they pull they chair up to the table . the card be shuffle by summer . he place they in front of lother for the cut . lother cut the card and summer deal they . lap dissolve : 115 medium close --brett BRETT I will bet a couple of hundred -- ( glance toward door ) I wonder what 's keep that boy . summer ( magnanimously ) do not worry about that . ( he throw in a couple hundred ) we will settle after the hand . out in Montana where I come from a man 's word be all that 's necessary . what have you get ? BRETT ( show he hand ) Three jack . summer ( good-naturedly ) that beat two pair . I be glad I do not win the first pot . take the money , Mr. brett . brett scoops in the stake . BRETT well , I be off to a pretty good start . lother if I ever win a pot that large the boat would sink . ( take the card and start to deal ) summer well , as I say before , I do not like to win the first pot . out my way in Montana we be very superstitious -- we always say a good beginning be a bad end . ( he address brett and laugh ) I hope that will not apply to you . shortie come into scene with thirty one - dollar bill and two ten 's roll up in such a manner that it look like twenty million . shortie here 's you twenty - five hundred , Mr. brett . BRETT ( take it ) thank you . ( he peel a ten dollar bill from the top of the roll ) I owe you a dollar forty -- here - - keep the change . shortie thank you , sir . ( he exit ) BRETT I will take one . ( lother deal he a card ) summer one will be enough for I . lother deal he one . lother I should pass , but I will trail along -- I will take three . ( he take three ) BRETT I will bet a couple of hundred . summer out my way in Montana we always call a bluff . ( he throw two hundred into the pot ) lother well , I help my hand so I will have to see you . BRETT ( show he hand ) ace full . lother and I come in with two pair -- ( sigh ) summer I think my straight be o.k. , but -- ( sigh ) brett scoops in the money . lother 's hand go to he ear for the high sign to summer . summer ( to brett ) it 's you deal . BRETT it 's a pleasure . as he start to deal the card there be a knock on the door . lother come in ! shortie enter . shortie sorry to interrupt you , Mr brett , but I have a message for you . BRETT ( shuffle card ) what be it ? shortie you mother be feel seasick and would like to see you right away . BRETT ( much concerned ) oh , be she ? what a shame ! ( he rise , put the money in he pocket ) you will pardon I ? lother ( quickly ) you be come back -- BRETT that depend on how mother 's feel . you will excuse I , gentleman ? he leave follow by shortie . the two man rise slowly and look at each other and then toward the door . lother ( to summer ) how much do you lose ? summer about twelve hundred . lother I go for four . summer it 's a long trip and we will get that sucker later . they exit . CUT to : 116 medium close truck shot -- BRETT and shortie walk down corridor . shortie what do you win ? BRETT about sixteen hundred . shortie partner , be not we ? BRETT sure -- and to show you I be a regular fella -- ( he extract the roll that shortie bring into he out of he pocket ) here 's that twenty - five hundred . ( he turn down the corridor to the leave , leave shortie speechless ) camera stays with BRETT for truck shot to florist shop at the end of corridor . he write on a card and hand it to florist . BRETT ( point to a large bouquet of rose ) see that miss Sally marsh get that bouquet with my card immediately . he toss a bill on the counter . BRETT if there 's any change , keep it . florist thank you . I will attend to it right away . wipe to : 117 interior sally cabin she be stand at a large bouquet read the card that be attach . CUT to : 118 insert : card -- " this rose be beautiful , but they run second to you . do not forget we have a date . I be wait with love . Jimmy . " Sally smile sweetly and bury she face in the rose . her brother ned be seat with he back to she and she do not notice that he be evidently worried . she can not see he face . she approach he and embrace he . sally be not it great to be away from it all ? be not you happy ? it seem too good to be true . ned ( turn and pat she hand affectionately - - he smile to hide he innermost feeling ) sure , sis . sally be not the rose beautiful ? the phone ring , interrupt whatever ned might have say . Sally answer the phone . CUT to : 119 close shot --as sally answer telephone sally hello ! ... yes , it be . ... CUT to : 120 close shot --summers at phone summer this be the ship 's photographer speak -- could I get a couple of picture of you for the Radio News ? ... thanks very much ... cabin 4c ... right away ? ... thanks . 121 full shot summer she 's comin ' . lother beat it . summer exit . CUT to : 122 lounge brett walk to a table in the lounge . he look at he watch . he watch the entrance expectantly . Dan Campbell enter . dan ( staggering over to brett ) do not you hate a pest ? BRETT I certainly do -- dan so do I . there be time when a fellow like to be alone . BRETT ( impatiently ) I would like to be alone right now . dan so would i. let 's sit down and talk it over . he sit down . steward enter . BRETT ( to steward ) will you try and locate miss marsh , please ? steward yes , sir . ( he leave ) CUT back to : 123 lother' cabin there be knock at the door . lother open it in such a way that he be almost behind it . Sally enter . he close the door quickly . he smile . she stand stare at he speechless . there be a pause . lother well -- be not you go to say something ? I have go to a lot of trouble to give you this little surprise . ( she make a quick move to leave - - he lean against the door ) do not let 's behave like child . sit down , Sally . let 's face the situation . sally ( decide to face the issue ) all right -- but what be there to face ? it 's finish . lother you run away because you be afraid . I do not want it to end like that . sally I do not want to see you again -- that 's my privilege . lother it be not smart . even if you would get away without I -- I would have find you -- no matter where you be . sally ( she voice staccato ) why do not you leave I alone ? lother ( he move close to she ) because I want you -- will always want you -- no other woman will ever take you place . ( his voice be tense with emotion ) I want you more now than I do that first night -- ( he put he arm around she -- she try to push he away ) you have forget all that , I suppose ? sally I wish I could . lother get wise to yourself , Sally - - you be no sob story . Sally wrench herself free . her voice be tense with emotion . sally you get wise to yourself ! if you know what 's good for you , you will leave I alone . everybody 's entitle to one mistake -- well -- you be mine . when the go get too rough , I pull up stake and quit . we stay quit ! -- get that ! -- and what be you go to do about it ? lother that 's more like the old Sally - - a little bit of fire . ( casually , lighting a cigarette ) how about ned ? sally he 's all right . lother thanks to I . sally you leave the kid alone . lother a tipoff in the right quarter to take he fingerprint and -- sally -- you would go with he ! lother do not kid yourself -- you know how I stand back there . he pick up the passenger list . CUT to : 124 close shot as he finger trace down the name . he stop underneath that of Inspector mckinney . lother' voice why do you think he 's aboard ? CUT to : 125 medium shot ( two ) sally not because of ned . lother of course not -- ( politely ) -- but be not it a coincidence that he 's from the eighteenth precinct -- where they make the squawk ? sally you can not bluff I any more . CUT back to : 126 BRETT and dan in lounge BRETT ( try to be polite ) I be sorry , Mr. Campbell , but I be wait for someone . I would appreciate it if you would -- at this point Mary enter ; see Dan . Mary enter scene on way to rehearsal , with paper in she hand . mary oh , there you be -- dan that 's right -- you be the one I be look for . ( to brett ) you will excuse I . ( brett react relief ) ( back to Mary ) how about you and I be alone ? mary not now , toot -- which be the right way to say this ? you be dumber than I -- or - - you be dumber than I ? dan let I see now -- do not tell I -- ( try to figure out ) you be dumber than I and I be dumber than you . I do not get it . mary never mind . she continue read . denby enter and see Mary . denby h 'mm ... no wonder I have trouble round up this show -- do not you know there 's a rehearsal go on ? -- and you want a raise . -- come on -- get go or you will get it ! mary oh , all right -- ( to Dan ) see you later , toot . dan nobody be any help to I at ail . Mary exit follow by Dan . BRETT oh , denby -- have you see Sally around ? denby no -- I be look for miss marsh myself . I think you might know where she be -- BRETT she be to meet I here -- why do not you wait ? she ought to be here any minute . denby I would -- but we rehearsal start right away . ( start to leave ) before I go I want to ask you a little favor . Sally be a important part of my show . some day -- not now -- when you get a chance -- let she come to just one rehearsal . I will appreciate it . brett react with a grin , as denby exit toward rehearsal room . CUT to : 126a medium shot --corridor denby meet ned , on way to rehearsal room . denby see Sally ? ned she go over to the ship 's photographer . CUT to : 127 lother' cabin Sally be sit on the lounge , lother next to she . the fight seem to have go out of she and she look desperately unhappy . sally I be crazy about the kid and I get he into it . ( she look at he ) what do you want I to do ? lother just smile again and be reasonable . ( he voice cajole ) I will order dinner here -- just the two of we -- like old time . sally -- and you swear when you get to the other side , you will never come near either of we again ? lother that 's a bet -- but I could not let you walk out like that , Sally . I would have go cuckoo back there -- just think about you -- he put he arm around she - - try to draw she to he . sally do not , Lee -- that 's dead . lother ( grab she ) let 's see if I can bring it back to life . hungrily he lip meet hers . she try to struggle but he arm be tight about she . he bend she back across the lounge , he lip still to hers . slowly she resistance cease . her arm drop limp . he kiss she eye , she throat , then back to she lip . she remain inanimate . suddenly he let she go and stand tower over she in a fury . lother so it 's as cold as that , be it ? CUT to : 128 the door it open quickly and anya , enter . behind she stand summer . she take in the situation . a ironical little smile play about the corner of she mouth . summer , behind she , be signal to lother that he could not help it . they enter the room . CUT to : 129 full shot anya eye lother with a deadly calm . anya hope we be not intrude . lother ( ill at ease ) this be miss marsh . anya yes -- I meet miss marsh . in fact , she always seem to be turn up in the most unusual circumstance . ( solicitously ) what 's the matter , miss marsh - - be not you feel well ? there be a long , awkward pause . anya ( gaily ) well -- shall we go into dinner ? lother I will join you later . anya and do bring miss marsh -- ( she survey the dishevel Sally ) -- when she 's have time to tidy up a bit . sally ( jump to she foot ) you be anya rosson , be not you ? I have hear of you back in New York . anya ( ironically ) sorry I can not return the compliment . sally you be indiscreet enough to leave you glove in my apartment one evening -- ( she point to lother ) -- and he be gentleman enough to boast why you would be there and show I a snapshot of you . anya I do not understand . sally I think you do . she go quickly to the door and turn . CUT to : 130 close shot --sally --as she turn sally I be jealous of you then -- I be sorry for you now . she exit , close the door . CUT to : 131 full shot anya so that 's you little dancer that you be play around with in New York . ( she shrug ) oh -- there 's no accounting for taste -- ( she eye he up and down ) mine , too , seem to be in the gutter . lother I can explain -- anya sure ! you be never at a loss for word . summer will you pardon I ? anya gladly . lother scram ! summer make a beeline for the door and exit . anya do not look so uncomfortable , Lee -- it interfere with you good look . give I a cigarette . ( as he light it for she ) what do you do -- persuade she to come on this voyage with you ? lother do not talk such bunk ! she 's one of the act on the ship . I just run into she by accident . anya ( sweetly ) do you muss up she hair by accident , too ? lother you mind you own business ! she 's a old friend of mine and I like she -- what be you go to do about it ? anya ( with a smile ) just make it as difficult as possible for you to see she . lother I do not ask you to come away with I -- anya oh - -a hundred time -- lother ( furiously ) -- and I can tell you where to get off . anya and when you do I will convey you respects by wireless to Herbert . ( she smile sweetly ) take it easy , Lee -- no other woman will ever get you . at least I be honest when I tell you there must be something pretty low down in I -- because I like you . ( he throw himself on the lounge and puff at he cigarette . she sit on the lounge -- stroke he face ) you be such a swine ! lother will you leave I alone ? anya ( laugh as she pinch he cheek ) I like touch you -- poison ivy . ( suddenly the banter leave she voice ) you would just be kissing that girl when I come in , have not you ? lother baloney ! anya no , darling , lip rouge -- all over you mouth . CUT to : 132 large close shot --anya's head as she bend slowly toward he . anya ( slowly ) let I wipe it off for you . ( she kiss he sensuously , then look at he , she eye blaze ) I adore you -- you gorilla ! she slap he face none too gently . lother and I be nut about you -- ( he pinch she face roughly ) -- beautiful ! he return she slap in the face playfully -- but with interest . anya ( breathlessly ) I could not live without you ! again she hit he across the face but this time with all she force . before he can retaliate she have again fastened she lip to he . we see he clench fist in the air hesitate a moment then relax . his arm go about she - - he crush she to he . CUT to : 133 BRETT and mary --lounge brett be very nervous and impatient . he pace back and forth . mary why do not you answer my question ? BRETT ( impatiently ) I do not even hear it . mary then I will repeat it . brett continue pace to and for . mary if spinach make iron , what make a boat rock ? BRETT ( uninterested ) who care ? mary ( laugh ) I will have to tell that to denby . he will use it on the radio . denby pass by door and hear remark . denby ( stick head in door ) I do not know what it be , but I will not use it . ( then to brett ) be she entertaining you ? BRETT I should say not . denby good ! ( then to Mary ) at last you be make yourself useful . so long ! denby leave . a steward enter . steward no , sir -- she 's not on the upper deck either . BRETT ( hand he a bill ) thank you . ( to Mary ) you will excuse I , please -- he walk away toward dining room . dissolve to : 134 medium close as brett exit from scene with Mary , he see Sally , who be walk dejectedly . BRETT ( call ) oh , Sally ! sally ( enter apologize ) I be sorry I be late , but something happen . BRETT you be forgiven if you do not make date with anybody except I for the rest of the voyage . sally I must say you be persistent -- ( pleased ) -- it 's kind of flatter . occasionally a passenger pass they but the deck be more or less desert . BRETT ( study she ) you be unhappy about something , be not you ? she hesitates before replying . sally a little . BRETT sorry . sally thanks . BRETT anything I can do ? ( she shake she head ) I would jump overboard if it would help you . she put she hand over he and pat it . sally mighty decent of you , pal . BRETT decent ? ( his expression harden ) I guess any guy could be decent -- if you be interested . they stop near lifeboat ( process shot ) . sally ( suddenly ) what be you think ? BRETT a lot of thing I would like to forget . sally that 's funny -- so be i. ( another pause ) guess the ocean make one sentimental BRETT I can not blame the ocean - - it 's you . sally you do not know anything about I . if you do , you probably would not be here . he lean toward she -- they head be very close together . BRETT can you keep a secret ? ( she nod ) you be the first girl I ever meet I want to build a fence around . she look at he steadily . sally do not kid I . I be in no mood for it . BRETT for once I be dead on the level -- ( he lower he voice ) -- crazy about you ! sally will you take some advice ? ( he nod ) if you be look for romance -- count I out -- ( as a afterthought ) -- if you know what 's good for you . BRETT but -- sally -- I know what I be talk about . I be no high -school girl look through a window - - reach for the moon . ( she start to rise ) guess I will be go . BRETT ( detain she ) Sally --! sally let 's forget it -- can not you see I kind of like you , too ... and I do not want to get involved . BRETT ( eagerly ) you mean that ? sally do not let 's talk about it . BRETT ( gaily ) you say it ! how about a little action ? he lean over and kiss she . for a moment she resist he , then she arm go around he neck . voice Sandwiches ? as they look up , Sally break away from he and run out of scene , leave he . CUT to : 135 reverse angle two steward -- one carry a tray of sandwich , the other , a tray of bouillon - - be stand before he . brett be oblivious of they presence . the steward place a cup of bouillon and a sandwich in he hand . they exit . he come out of he daze -- notice the food in he hand and place it on rail by lifeboat . pan to : 136 close shot of lifeboat from the canvas cover of the lifeboat a head slowly appear . it be ballinger ( the man we see drop the cop 's uniform ) . he be gaunt and haggard . he look around furtively . for a moment he look down -- see the sandwich -- reach for it -- bring it back into the lifeboat -- and disappear . fade -out fade -in 137 long shot -- boat at night lap dissolve to : 138 long shot --auditorium the music be play - - a few couple be dance -- other people be be seat -- steward be look in through window . CUT to : 139 close - up --lother , anya , and summer in doorway -- brett be stand near by -- summer see brett . summer ( look toward brett ) there 's the chump -- over there -- ( he point ) lother ( dubiously ) I wonder ! lother , anya , and summer walk over to brett . summer ( to brett ) how 's you mother feel ? BRETT much better -- thank you -- lother how about a little game later ? BRETT Fine -- I will be glad to . CUT to : 140 medium close shot --brett and anya anya be wear a thin bracelet ( quite unlike the one she have be wear in previous scene ) . brett notice this . CUT to : 141 medium close shot --brett he react when he see the bracelet as if a idea have just strike he . BRETT ( to anya ) will you please excuse I ? I will be right back . anya we will save you a place at we table . BRETT thanks . he exit . CUT to : 142 medium close shot --shortie he be stand by the window and see brett leave . he follow brett on to the deck . walking shot shortie ( in a undertone ) what 's up ? BRETT the ice be in the storage . camera follows brett and shortie to anya 's stateroom , where they stop . 143 medium close shot --outside anya' stateroom door . brett be glance up and down corridor furtively . BRETT keep a lookout , shortie - - brett take a bunch of key from he pocket -- he insert a key in the door and go in . CUT to : 144 interior of anya' stateroom --light effect brett start to search for the bracelet . CUT to : 145 shortie outside -- camera shot down corridor quick CUT to : 146 mckinney --medium close shot he stick he head out of stateroom door - - he be in evening dress with dress tie untied -- he call to shortie . mckinney oh , boy ! 147 close - up --shortie he turn toward mckinney and react nervously . shortie ( timidly ) yes , sir . he go to mckinney . mckinney take he by the arm without say a word , and take he into he room . shortie be obviously scared to death . mckinney , slightly embarrassed , speak softly . mckinney can you tie a bow tie ? shortie ( tremble ) yes , sir -- he start fumble with tie , and tie it very badly . CUT to : 148 medium close shot --brett he have the bracelet which he put in he pocket and start to exit to exterior of room . outside he look for shortie . CUT to : 149 medium close shot --mckinney and shortie they be come out of mckinney 's room . brett see they and start down corridor toward auditorium . mckinney ( call ) what 's you hurry , young feller ? brett turn . he stop and smile . by this time mckinney have reach brett 's side . BRETT I be go to the show -- mckinney ( good-naturedly ) I will go with you -- CUT to : 150 auditorium --introduction of the song entitled oh , Leo be playing CUT to : 151 stage --frank parker , mary livingston , and jean sargent be sing verse of song . ( the business for this number as work out by Larry ceballos . ) parker sing one verse and chorus and start to sing a second chorus , but be interrupt by denby 's voice . denby' voice wait a minute -- CUT to : 152 medium close shot --denby he be carry a baby spotlight - - he stop the orchestra -- denby ( to orchestra ) that 's enough , boy -- ( then to parker ) that be fine , Frank - - you have already sung a verse and chorus , and everybody enjoy it -- I hope -- now I have a good idea -- sit down , Frank , Mary , Jean . the trio sit down . denby here 's the idea -- we're go to reverse thing around here -- you have entertained the audience , and now for a change they be go to entertain you -- ( he turn to audience ) be not we ? -- I will sing the chorus up until I get to the word , " oh , Leo , " then I will put the spotlight on some lady or gentleman , and whoever the lucky one might be , he or she will then sing the word , " oh , Leo - - oh Leo -- oh Leo -- oh - - " denby sing the best he can , which be bad enough . denby we will try it once -- ( he address the orchestra ) play , boy ! the orchestra play . denby sing until he reach " oh Leo , " then put the spotlight on someone in the audience , and we CUT to : 153 close - up --that someone ( note : we continue this routine , in which we utilize all principal as well as outsider . ) the number conclude with entire audience sing song enthusiastically . CUT to : 154 medium close shot -- parker , livingston , and sargent they be applaud the audience . CUT to : 155 close - up--denby he also be applaud the audience -- he be laugh and have a good time - - he address the passenger . denby that be fine , folk -- now we will try it again . Mary walk into scene and interrupt he . mary oh , Chad -- what about the rest of the show ? denby oh , -- I be have so much fun I almost forget -- Mary , parker , and sargent take he by the arm and start to lead he off stage - - as they do so he announce the next act while walk toward the wing . denby the next act will be Sally marsh and she troupe of train adagio dancer . denby exit with trio-- orchestra start introduction of it be sweet of you . CUT to : 156 medium shot --stage the curtain part and Sally marsh and Frank parker appear . CUT to : 157 close shot --table in auditorium brett , lother , summer , anya , and mckinney be seat around it -- Frank parker 's voice come over this scene . anya be sit between brett and lother -- brett be look toward stage and beam with pride as he look at Sally . CUT to : 158 medium close shot --backstage in wing ned and denby -- parker be still sing -- denby do she know lother 's aboard yet ? ned no -- but I be go to tell she as soon as the act 's finish . CUT back to : 159 medium close shot --table in auditorium where anya , lother , brett , summer , mckinney be sit . BRETT ( to anya ) be not she lovely ? anya yes -- and very popular -- ( she glance meaningly at lother ) lother respond to the glance with a faint smile -- by this time parker have finish the song . CUT to : 160 close shot --stage where we see Sally quickly remove she dress and throw it off stage -- she be underdressed in she adagio dance costume . ned and han enter for adagio routine ( note : this will be stage by Larry ceballos . ) during the dance , the follow dialogue be cut into the routine while dance . ned what 's the matter , Sally ? -- you be shaking . sally I be all right . ned ( anxiously ) you see he sit out there in front , do not you ? sally I be in he cabin -- ned what ! -- be you crazy ? sally I will explain later -- ned if he come near you again , I will break he neck -- they continue at a faster tempo which interrupt they dialogue . the music work up to a gradual increase in tempo for a whirlwind finish . ( note : this be to be determine by ceballos . ) CUT to : 161 long shot --audience applauding this shot be from behind , take in stage and back of people in audience . lap dissolve to : 162 medium long shot --passengers dancing there be a perceptible rock of the boat -- individual orchestra specialty be also introduce here . CUT to : 163 medium close shot --table in auditorium where brett , summer , anya , lother , and mckinney be seat -- dish be now on the table , napkin , etc . summer now that the entertainment be over , how about a little game of card ? BRETT ( to mckinney ) Care to join we ? mckinney ( smile ) no , thanks -- I never gamble in my life . summer ( laugh ) you be lucky -- out my way , in Montana , there 's nothing else to do -- anya ( rise ) I be go down to my cabin . I have to send a wireless -- see you later . anya leave . lother rise -- he address the group . lother Excuse I , gentleman - - I will see you at the card game -- CUT to : 164 medium close shot --herbert rosson in second - class buffet with three other men-- they be seat at the table with drink in front of they . first passenger ( smile ) all right -- if you must know the truth -- I be go to carlsbad for my health . second passenger ( a frenchman ) and , gentleman - - I be go home , because my wife be go to have a baby . third passenger ( embarrassed -- speak softly ) I be on my honeymoon -- first passenger ( turn to rosson ) how about you -- why be you on the boat ? rosson ( have the glass almost to he lip when the question be ask -- he calmly drink -- put the glass down quietly , and earnestly say ) I be go to kill a man . he exit . CUT to : 165 close shot --reaction of other three men they look at rosson and then at each other . there 's a dead silence , for a moment . first passenger be he kid we ? CUT to : 166 medium shot --outside doorway of auditorium the purser be stand there -- anya enter . CUT to : 167 medium close shot --anya she be very nervous and excited -- she address the purser . anya a very valuable bracelet of mine 's be steal ! purser where do you have it last ? anya in my cabin . I do not wear it this evening -- when I go downstairs just now , I find the lock of my jewel box break open . by this time mckinney and summer come up . anya ( excitedly as she address they ) a bracelet 's be steal from my cabin ! mckinney where be you cabin ? CUT to : 168 medium close shot --table in auditorium brett -- he look off scene . CUT to : 169 medium close shot --shortie his eye shift furtively from leave to right , ascertain that he be not be watch by anyone . he nod he head in the affirmative to brett . quick CUT back to : 170 close shot --brett's hand under table he take bracelet from he pocket , wrap it up in a napkin and put it on the table . CUT back to : 171 medium close shot --shortie he leave the window -- pick up a tray from a table near by and start toward brett 's table . truck with he up to table , as he start to clear the dish and pile they on to the tray , also take napkin . a waiter enter and put a halt to shortie 's activity . waiter this be my job -- you have get no business in here -- he take the tray with the pile dish , include the napkin which envelop the bracelet from shortie , and start sway . 171a camera pan with shortie as he follows waiter , who go to chute where dirty linen be de - posit . he lay the tray down and take one of the five napkin on the tray and throw it down the chute , -- he repeat this operation with two more napkin . shortie almost faint -- he take a napkin from the tray and feel the weight of it quickly -- satisfied that it contain nothing , he throw it down the chute and grab the only remain napkin off the tray . he readily realize that this contain the bracelet and jam it quickly into he pocket and exit . lap dissolve to : 172 medium shot --interior of anya' cabin purser , brett , anya , mckinney . BRETT this be exciting -- but if it 's be steal they can not get away with it on a ship -- mckinney some of the smartest robbery have take place aboard ship -- BRETT it will be very interesting to see how you go about solving this , Inspector - - mckinney sorry -- but I be on a vacation -- BRETT ( to anya ) if he let you down I will try my hand at sleuthing -- ( brett take cigarette ) Bet I could find that bracelet -- mckinney ( strike a match ) I would not be surprised -- the two man look at each other . purser Mrs. rosson , be the bracelet insure ? anya yes -- for $ 10,000 - - purser if you will give I the detail in the morning , we will notify the insurance company -- and rest assure if it 's on the boat we will locate it -- purser exit . BRETT ( to anya ) I would not worry about it -- it will turn up -- ( to mckinney ) how about a nightcap , Inspector ? mckinney no , thanks -- I will take a walk around the deck and then turn in -- BRETT good night ! brett exit . anya ( to mckinney ) he 's a nice boy -- mckinney yes -- he 's very nave -- he exit as summer enter . summer do you find it ? anya no ! -- do you take that bracelet ? summer no -o! anya where 's lother ? CUT to : 173 medium shot --sally's dressing room she be still in she adagio costume . lother be present . sally ( to lother ) do you mind get out of here now -- I want to change -- lother go ahead -- you do not use to be so fussy -- sally I have lose my taste for knickknack -- lother do not be a mug all you life -- I be try to help you -- you need I more than I need you -- have you figure they might pick the kid up in France and extradite he ? sally have you ever figure they might extradite you ? lother I be not so clumsy with fingerprint -- there 's a knock at the door . Sally go quickly to it and half open it -- brett be in the companionway -- from he position he be unable to see lother . BRETT would you like to take a turn around the deck with I ? sally ( anxious to escape from lother ) yes -- be it all right if I come like this ? ( she grab a cloak and go out ) CUT to : 174 walking shot --brett and sally in companionway sally this time I be really glad you show up . BRETT lonesome ? sally we will let it go at that -- they exit from companionway . CUT to : 175 medium close shot --exterior of sally dressing room ned meet lother come out of Sally 's cabin - - he stop momentarily -- then rush into Sally 's cabin- - he see that Sally be not there - - he come out quickly -- ned ( grab lother by the arm ) what be you do around here ? lother ( very calmly ) take it easy -- you will last longer -- ned go after lother with a clench fist . ned why do not you leave Sally alone -- you dirty -- lother be too quick for ned and hit he a terrific punch on the jaw , knock he down . lother then exit . denby enter scene -- he go to ned and help he to he foot . denby ( alarmed ) what happen to you ? ned you have get a gun , have not you , Chad ? will you let I have it ? denby what for ? ned do not ask any question -- just give it to I . denby ( try to quiet he ) easy kid --easy .... ( put he hand on ned 's shoulder ) come on -- I want to talk to you . he take ned by he arm and lead he away . CUT to : 176 medium close shot --sally and BRETT on deck at the rail . BRETT ( look at moon ) that 's a beautiful moon , Sally ? sally ( smile sweetly ) what , again ? BRETT ( very seriously ) yes -- you know what I have be think , Sally ? -- sally what ? -- BRETT I think we will live in Europe after we be marry ? sally ( be speechless for a moment , then laugh ) I do not know we be go to be marry . BRETT you do not ? -- I guess I forget to tell you -- sally you be a little ahead of yourself -- the usual routine would be for you to propose , and if I accept , then you would give I a engagement ring -- BRETT I will give you plenty of ring as soon as I get the stone set -- what do you think ? sally I think we ought to walk . they walk out of scene . 177 camera pull back on deck --medium long shot mckinney be walk along deck . he see Sally and brett -- a idea have strike he - - he immediately turn and go the other way . CUT to : 178 medium close shot --dan campbell , staggering and singing oh , Leo he see mckinney suddenly , and react with a start -- he then continue staggering down deck , sing , " oh , Leo , oh , Leo . " he stop abruptly , and a frighten look replace he happy smile . CUT to : 179 close - up --what he sees lifeboat -- the canvas cover raise slowly , and ballinger 's haggard face be reveal . CUT back to : 180 medium close shot --dan campbell he stiffen up -- turn on he heel , and make a bee - line for the barroom . CUT to : 180a close -up --shortie in companionway -- he see mckinney go into brett 's room . CUT to : 181 medium shot --mckinney in brett' room he be search . CUT to : 182 close shot --mckinney come out of brett 's room and exite toward deck . lap dissolve to : 183 deck where brett and Sally be saunter along , and be meet by mckinney . BRETT ( to mckinney ) think you be go to turn in , Inspector . mckinney nervous . could not sleep . feel like a nightcap ? ( invite they both ) sally it 's get kind of chilly on deck . if you will excuse I , I think I will go to bed . good night , Mr. mckinney ! mckinney good night ! BRETT ( softly ) good night , Mrs. brett ! sally good night , idiot ! mckinney ( to brett ) how about you ? BRETT no , thanks . I have promise to play card . mckinney you know what I would do , if I be you -- before the card game I would go to the purser 's office . BRETT why ? mckinney well , someone else besides myself may have see you in the vicinity of Mrs. rosson 's cabin this evening - - even the steward in that corridor insisted on be searched . get I ? BRETT sure , I will go . mckinney I will go with you . BRETT swell ! dissolve to : 184 purser's office -- mckinney , BRETT , and purser purser well , you insist -- he run he hand through brett 's pocket . mckinney ( laugh ) it 's easy to see the purser have not have much practice . BRETT ( smile ) how about try you fine italian hand ? mckinney this have nothing to do with I -- ( he move to brett ) but always remember , purser , when you be search anybody , take the lining of they coat , like this -- ( he suit the action to the word ) -- run you finger all along this seam .... then -- back of the collar -- here -- that use to be a favorite trick -- and never forget to put you finger down inside of the shoe -- like this . BRETT hey ! -- you be tickle I . mckinney ( ignore the interruption ) then we run we hand down a man 's arm and leg -- like this -- in case they get what you be look for attach to a string . ( he stand off and survey brett , slightly disappointed ) see what I mean , purser ? purser very interesting . BRETT ( good-naturedly ) well , I guess that 's all -- good night ! he flip they a salute and go nonchalantly out . purser he 's certainly good - nature . mckinney " smooth 's " the word . purser I mean - - a lot of gentleman would be offended if you searched they like that . mckinney ( casually ) it all depend on what you be use to . mckinney suddenly bang he fist on the desk . mckinney well , I will be a son of a sea cook ! purser what 's the matter ? mckinney nothin -- ( he pull out he billfold and grin ) -- I just remember the name of a guy that owe I fifty buck . fade -out 185 fade -in brett' cabin -- next morning brett in bathing suit and dress gown , talk to shortie . shortie be puffing a cigarette nervously . shortie this be the first chance I have have to get away to tell you -- mckinney be snooping around in this cabin last night . BRETT ( smile ) it 's o.k. , shortie - - it 's still there . better bring it in . shortie go to porthole and put he head through window . CUT to : 186 reverse angle -- shortie' head through porthole stuck to the side of the ship with adhesive tape be the bracelet . as shortie take it and he head disappear , CUT back to : 187 inside shortie what be you goin ' to do with it ? BRETT you keep it -- ( indicate porthole ) shortie ( protest ) me! BRETT sure ! mckinney will never suspect you -- he move toward door . shortie ( still protest ) say -- wait a minute ! BRETT ( breezily ) see you later , shortie - - I be off to the pool . as brett exit , shortie take bracelet and put it in he shoe . 188 dolly shot in corridor outside truck ahead of BRETT until we reach cigar and news stand . at the news stand buy book be mckinney . he have two book in he hand , make a decision on which one to buy . he look up as he hear brett speak . BRETT large package of lucky -- good morning , Inspector ! mckinney hello , young fellow ! BRETT come to the pool for a swim ? mckinney nooooo ! -- go to catch up on my read . ( to the store attendant as he hand he the money ) I will take this one . he put a copy of monte cristo under he arm and drop the other book in front of brett . as brett look at its title , 189 insert -- book : crime do not pay 190 medium shot --brett he look up from the book to the retreate mckinney , smile , take he cigarettes and commence to move out of scene . lap dissolve to : 190a corridor mckinney exit from cigar stand to where Chad denby have be watch . denby greet he with -- denby hello , Inspector -- I hear you vacation 's be spoiled . somebody lose a bracelet . mckinney yes , a bracelet 's be lose , but I be still on my vacation . denby I understand you searched brett for it last night . by the way -- what do you know about he ? mckinney well , I have see he here and there . what 's on you mind ? denby oh , nothing - - only I wonder why you suspect he . mckinney well , I will tell you -- we pick he up about a year ago -- but could never pin anything on he . denby maybe he just travel in bad company . mckinney yeah -- he exit . dissolve to : 191 BRETT and anya in the pool at the shallow end . it be crowded with many beautiful girl in colorful bathing suit . people be diving in and out of the water -- huge color ball be be throw -- the usual hilarity of a crowded pool . BRETT ( anxiously ) tell I -- do you find you bracelet ? anya no -- I be furious ! -- nobody seem to do anything about it -- BRETT ( with a ingratiate smile ) why worry ? it be insure -- how about that swim lesson I promise you ? by now they be just about up to they waist in water . he start to teach she to swim - - he hand be under she chin . BRETT Strike out harder with you foot -- now exhale as you arm go back . he hold anya up as she strike out . CUT to : 192 other end of pool --semiclose shot --sally she have just arrive . she throw off she wrap and she look very fetching in she bathing suit . she see brett smile and wave . CUT to : 193 BRETT he have just see she - - forget anya and go quickly toward Sally . anya , without he support , promptly sink . he go back , stand she on she foot , mumble a apology , and swim quickly toward the other end of the pool . CUT to : 194 sally dive in brett just come out of the water . 195 sally and BRETT BRETT I think you be never come -- sally ( look in the direction of anya ) I could see you be pine away -- BRETT oh , that 's Mrs. rosson -- remember , you meet she yesterday ? sally ( drily ) yes -- I remember -- they sit on the side of the pool and dangle they foot . sally ( after a pause ) how well do you know she ? BRETT ( casually ) just meet she on the boat -- suppose to play bridge with she yesterday -- but she would not -- so we play poker instead . sally ( with a start ) who with ? BRETT a Mr. summer and a man call lother . sally oh , you infant ! how much do you lose ? BRETT lose ? -- I win a little -- sally that be the come -on-- promise I you will not play with they again -- BRETT ( quickly ) what do you know about they ? sally too much -- remember -- I warn you about I -- ( she look he straight in the eye ) I use to be Lee lother 's girl -- BRETT you can live that down , can not you ? sally he 's a con man- - crooked as a tree -- and I be part of the racket -- help he ! ( she throw she head back and look at he ) now - - if you have a appointment elsewhere -- I will excuse you ! she dive off edge of pool and brett swim after she . BRETT ( catch up to she ) you can not lose I , Sally -- I be no lily myself ! sally ( half to herself ) I be beginning to think you be a pretty swell guy . BRETT ( avoid she eye ) come on -- let 's take a swim . as they start to rise . CUT to : 196 BRETT and sally as they dive short underwater sequence which be very graceful . CUT to : 197 steward ' glory hole shortie , limping , take a quick look around to make sure he 's not observe and commence to take bracelet from he shoe . CUT to : 198 other end of room Hidden from shortie 's view by a locker , be another steward . he glance casually toward shortie , see bracelet , look surprised , and take a step forward . steward blime ! -- wot 's that yer get ? shortie ( move toward door ) nothin ' . steward ( increase he pace ) let I look at it . shortie ( move away from he faster ) ai not get time . steward ( move quickly toward he ) hey -- you ! where you go ? CUT to : 199 full shot there be only one thing for shortie to do . he beat it , pursue by steward out of room onto deck . CUT to : 200 shortie running along deck pursued by steward Campbell stagger out of bar as shortie run by he . the pursue steward graze Campbell 's shoulder and swing he around . he go back to the bar for a drink . 201 shortie rushing down step from " a " deck -- closely pursue by steward . he throw a terrify glance over he shoulder . the steward be shouting at he to stop . at the bottom of the step be the quartermaster . steward stop he ! stop he ! he 's get the bracelet ! shortie manage to elude quartermaster and run toward pool , pursue by quartermaster and steward . he rush through the crowd to the edge of the pool , he eye search wildly for brett . quartermaster and steward arrive and make a grab for shortie . CUT to : 202 close shot --brett's head appear above water . he take in the situation . CUT to : 203 shortie he dive into pool . CUT to : 204 underwater shot brett swim to he . shortie pull the bracelet out of he pocket . brett grab it and tuck it in he trunk . shortie rise to the surface . brett swim under water toward opposite end of the pool . lap dissolve to : 205 purser's office --shortie ( dripping wet ) . assistant purser , steward , and quartermaster . shortie 's wet shoe be on the desk . shortie I tell yuh I be not get no bracelet -- steward ( threateningly - - point to shoe ) I see he take the bracelet out of that shoe . shortie yer crazy !-- I be not get no bracelet . steward then why do you run away ? shortie ( innocently ) because you run after I . lap dissolve to : 206 medium shot --deck of boat there be several young lady ( probably six or eight ) . they be dress either in sport dress or athletic short and blouse or in the dress they would ordinarily wear on board ship . they be all line up at the start line , ready for a " horse Race . " each of the girl have a boy ( or man ) for a partner . the idea be this : the man place they hand on the deck and the lady take hold of they foot , while the man move forward be partially push by the lady wheelbarrow fashion . all principal be participant and a pan shot disclose Dan Campbell and Sally marsh as a entry . CUT to : 207 medium close --denby he be the starter and have full charge . all the contestant be smile and chat merrily in anticipation of the come race . we hear they merriment come in over denby 's close - up . denby ( address contestant ) take you place , folk . the winner of this horse race will be present with a handsome autograph ocean wave . CUT to : 208 medium shot they be all line up  la wheelbarrow . they position will naturally be funnier than can be describe here . CUT to : 209 medium close --sally and dan Sally be have extreme difficulty with she horse ( Dan ) . his arm collapse and he fall flat on he face . sally ( complain . she yell to denby ) I want a new horse . his front leg be full of rubber . denby enter scene . denby ( look at Dan ) come on , get up . ( he imitate the sound a driver use to urge he horse with -- then to Sally ) that horse be carry too much of a load . dan ( lift he face from the deck ) who win ? denby well , you get the first down -- there 's one more to go . come on , we be ready to start right now . come on . just keep stiff . dan I be never stiffer in my life . denby ( address everybody with a laugh ) all right , folk , get on you mark . when you hear the pistol shot -- he reach for he gun but discover that it be not in he pocket . denby ( apologetically ) I forget my gun . ( he take he pocket handkerchief instead ) I will drop this handkerchief instead -- get ready -- one !-- two !-- Three ! he drop handkerchief -- the race start . CUT to : 210 medium long shot the passenger watch and cheer they favorite . CUT to : 211 medium close shot BRETT come on , Sally . ( excitedly ) Bet you a hundred dollar she win ! mckinney would not bet against she . ( a pause ) tell you what I will do -- bet you I find that bracelet before we hit France . ( brett give he a side glance as he continue drily ) not a hundred , though -- just fifty . BRETT it 's a bet -- come on , Sally ! 212 CUT of fat dame ( gag ) CUT to : 213 finishing line we see the finish of the race . Dan Campbell slide over the finish line on he nose . denby the winner , Sally marsh ! and -- ( he raise Sally 's hand ) -- Dan Campbell -- ( he pull a sliver out of Dan 's nose ) -- win by a sliver ! CUT to : 214 medium close --deck mckinney ( watch Sally ) Nice girl , that -- ( look at brett ) I would hate to see she get a raw deal . ( as he fill he pipe ) you know , the great trouble with crook be they be too smart . now if I would take that bracelet , I would find some way to slip it back -- I would know I could never get ashore with it . BRETT ( with assume casualness ) anybody that 's take the trouble to get it would be a mug to put it back . camera pan to the race . Sally be smile over at brett . camera swing to he . a hand tap he on the shoulder . he look up . camera pan with he . lother be stand behind he . lother could I see you a minute ? BRETT sure ! ( he rise ) Excuse I . 215 crowd CUT --sally acclaimed CUT to : 216 mckinney and sally mckinney congratulation . sally excite , be not it ? where 's Jimmy ? mckinney he will be back . ( suddenly ) what would you do if anybody give you a bracelet ? sally ( laugh ) say , " thanks very much ! " mckinney I mean if you know it be steal . sally well , of course , I would not take it . mckinney and if you like the person , you would naturally persuade he to give it back and go straight , would not you ? sally sure I would -- but I do not get what you be drive at . mckinney maybe you will after you have think it over . he exit . CUT to : 217 bar brett , lother , and summer drink -- apparently quite affable . lother ( gently ) well -- when be we go to have we little poker game ? BRETT well , to tell you the truth , gentleman , I have swear off play poker . summer ( reproachfully ) why , you would not quit when you be ahead , would you ? BRETT why be not that a good time to quit ? lother ( reproachfully ) no gentleman would do that . BRETT I agree with you -- no gentleman , would -- but I would -- ( he smile cheerfully and continue ) -- especially when my opponent have take the precaution of mark the card . lother and summer look at each other in amazement . summer I think you be a sucker -- BRETT ( pleasantly ) think again -- lother ( flatly ) in that case -- you owe we exactly sixteen hundred dollar . BRETT oh , no -- I play with you card -- in you cabin - - at you suggestion -- if you have get a kick come , make it to the purser . lother ( in deadly , even tone ) I be make it to you . if I do not get it by tonight -- you will find it a rough voyage . summer ( grimly ) that go two way . BRETT make it three , boy -- I will play this hand pat . lother and I will lay odd you get that bracelet . BRETT ( unperturb ) I will lay odd you get a pair of them -- why , a high -school kid could take you sap -- and another thing -- Lay off Sally marsh . ( he laugh in summer 's face ) -- " honest Jack " ! one look at you mug and the whole world button up its pocket . he exit . fade -out 218 fade -in steward blowing the dinner bugle . night background . ( fog effect through sequence . ) CUT to : 219 lifeboat the sound of the bugle blow be still come over SOUND track . ballinger climb cautiously out -- jump to the ground , and stretch he cramped limb . take the protection of the shadow he move stealthily toward step . dissolve to : 220 medium shot -- barber shop ballinger enter in evening clothes -- get into barber 's chair . barber quite a growth , sir - - be seasick ? as barber lean he back in chair -- ballinger yes -- leave the moustache on -- 221 dolly back to include another chair which the barber pull to upright position , disclose mckinney sit there . mckinney glance over and notice ballinger . CUT to : 222 close - up --mckinney recognize ballinger -- as he look at ballinger , barber put hot towel over ballinger 's face . by this time the other barber be finish with mckinney , who pay he and exit . CUT to : 223 exterior of barber shop steward go by mckinney -- mckinney Boy -- let I have that radiogram blank -- steward give he pencil and blank -- he start to write -- CUT to : 224 insert " Chief of detective - - New York City -- lap dissolve to : 225 medium shot --dining room ballinger dress in tuxedo , glance around , and sink into seat at table near door -- steward come in . steward pardon I , sir -- that table 's reserve -- ballinger ( in husky voice ) I have be in my cabin-- ill -- this be the first time I have come to the dining room . steward ( indicate next table ) you can sit over here tonight , sir -- I will have the Chief steward allot you a table tomorrow -- ballinger go over -- sit down -- and steward hand he a menu . as he be look at menu , camera pan around to door . mckinney enter unseen by ballinger , and quietly go around palm tree , and seat himself at table . CUT to : 226 campbell' cabin -- Campbell in he underwear be excitedly gesticulate to a steward . campbell I tell you -- my dress clothes have be steal !-- steward ( amaze ) -- but I laid them out on that bed for you , sir ! campbell ( rave ) I know you do ! I go to take a shower and when I come back they would go - - even the shoe . dissolve to : 227 close - up brett and Sally kissing . they step apart , show we denby , frown as he watch in background . camera draw back to close shot Sally as denby come into scene , watch brett as he go off . denby serious ? sally yes . denby very serious ? sally ( soberly ) very -- denby frown . sally why -- do not you like he ? denby of course -- but -- ( break off as he change he manner ) there 's you cue -- hurry up -- he watch she run out of scene as lother enter to he . CUT to : 227 medium close --backstage --denby and lother actor go on stage which we do not see . parker 's voice sing sweet of you can be hear . lother walk into denby who be stand in wing . ( scene play quietly ) lother ( affably ) say , denby -- how soon before Sally will be through ? I have get a date with she . denby ( wise to he ) I will give you another chance to tell the truth , lother . lother ( innocently ) what do you mean ? denby ( quietly ) why do not you be a good little boy and leave she alone ? lother oh -- I understand you be a important part of she education when she come to New York . denby ( softly , with a smile ) I just try to show she the difference between the squirrel and the skunk . lother ( narrowing he eye ) meaning what ? denby ( evenly ) you do not shoot squirrel . dissolve to : 228 herbert rosson's cabin jealousy have drive he to despair . he be the victim of he own imagination . a half - empty whisky bottle and glass be close at hand . the clock on the dress table disclose the time -- 11:30 . rosson be a very different individual from the quiet businessman we meet on the dock . he go to he valise , take out a revolver , load it carefully , and start to leave cabin . dissolve to : 228-a backstage the music come to a finish . denby exit out of scene applaud  la master of ceremony , to announce next act . camera stays on lother -- denby 's voice and the applause of the audience can be hear . Sally run through medium shot of lother . he see she and call . lother oh , Sally ! he follow she . CUT to : 229 medium shot --lother and sally Sally be still in she costume . lother be you go to meet the blonde ? sally ( anxious to get away from he ) that 's my affair . lother take she by the arm . lother I know he be . you change that clothes and then come to my cabin . I will expect you around twelve o'clock . sally ( as she jerk she arm away from he ) not a chance -- I be through . ( she exit quickly in the direction of she cabin ) CUT to : 230 close - up of lother -- he look after she and then grimly walk out in the direction she have take . CUT to : 230-a medium close shot brett as Sally enter to he . sally I will change and be with you in ten minute . BRETT make it five . sally seven-fifty . positively my last offer . BRETT ( laugh ) I will be wait on deck . 231 companionway-exterior of sally cabin Sally open the door and enter . ( through this scene a foghorn blow ) lap dissolve to : 232 interior charthouse --( exactly as in scene 14 ) close shot --officer's hand -- still point to New York . slowly he retrace the course . first navigation officer's voice ... dead on time as we pass the point light -- ( his finger hesitates a moment then continue ) -- twenty - four hour ago -- 38 '' , 41 '' -- ( his finger continue to trace forward ) -- and here we be off the southeastern point of newfoundland -- fifty -eight hour out -- his voice be lose as the ship 's siren blow a long , low blast . dissolve to : 233 man pounding on door ( the same man we saw in open of picture ) he be in exactly the same position , at the same door . CUT to : 234 long shot --show head of passengers starting to appear in companionway from there cabin -- purser , officer , Captain start to gather around door , all talk excitedly . captain ( pound on door , yell ) open the door ! CUT to : 235 interior of sally cabin --close - up of sally terrify she go to door and open it , let they in . they see the dead man . react . 236 close - up of dead man on floor CUT to : 237 close - up reaction of captain and passengers crowded in the doorway of sally cabin captain ( to Sally ) what happen ? sally he follow I into my cabin , lock the door and as he start to come toward I I hear two shot -- that 's all I know -- at this point -- CUT to : 238 long shot --shooting toward door -- mckinney come in through the group to the Captain . captain ( to mckinney ) Inspector , for the first time in the history of this line a passenger have be murder . wo not you please take charge ? CUT to : 239 close - up of mckinney he think -- then suddenly turn and dash out of the room . CUT to : 239-a outside bar Dan just come out as mckinney run by . Dan turn and go back into bar . CUT to : 240 long shot --companionway follow mckinney downstair into engine room . CUT to : 241 long shot of engine room mckinney enter -- draw gun from he pocket -- cautiously go to corner of engine room ( secluded spot ) CUT to : 242 close - up of man --his back to camera -- asleep -- CUT to : 243 longer shot -- mckinney cautiously approach the sleep figure , stick gun in he back : mckinney all right , Joe . get up out of there . the man stand up and turn around . we see it be ballinger - - in the same tuxedo he wear in previous scene . mckinney search he -- take revolver from he side pocket . mckinney where would you get it ? ballinger lifted it out of a guy 's cabin last night . mckinney ( gruffly ) what do you want a gun for ? ballinger stick -up . need dough to get ashore . mckinney be that why you kill Lee lother ? ballinger guess again , copper . mckinney get move -- lap dissolve to : 243-a outside bar Dan be just come out of the bar again as mckinney , hold he gun toward ballinger pass . Dan turn and stagger back into the bar . CUT to : 244 interior sally cabin --group as before -- mckinney enter with ballinger , who be now handcuff . CUT to : 245 close - up mckinney and ballinger mckinney all right , spill it ! ballinger look down at dead man -- ballinger I do not do it . CUT to : 246 longer shot--group captain ( to mckinney ) who be he ? mckinney a rat with a long tail . ( give order to two ship 's officer ) take he below -- I will get back to he later . ( he turn to the passenger ) I will have to ask you all to leave . CUT to : 247 two - shot--mckinney and captain mckinney Captain , I want you to get the follow passenger in you office -- lap dissolve : 248 fade -in the purser's office the light of the cabin be burn . the ship have run into a dense fog . throughout the follow scene the scream of the siren be hear intermittently . Sally be seat face mckinney , she face draw after a sleepless night . mckinney also look tired . he have undone he tie and loosen he collar . now that he be back in harness he do not spare himself . sally that 's the truth -- every single word ! mckinney I sincerely hope so -- sally why should I kill he ? mckinney ( drily ) for a very excellent reason from you own admission -- ( quickly ) -- I be not say you do -- but I think you know more than you be tell . year of experience have teach I to mistrust circumstantial evidence . nevertheless , in you case there 's plenty of it . quartermaster enter with brett . brett quickly cross to Sally -- put he hand on she shoulder . BRETT think you might need I -- do not talk , kid , and do not let he scare you -- ( he point to mckinney ) mckinney do not be too smart , Jimmy - - you be out in the rough yourself . you have a argument with lother a couple of hour before he be kill -- but I will deal with that later -- CUT to : 249 full shot --mckinney and summer mckinney ( turn to summer ) where be you when the murder happen ? summer in my cabin play solitaire . mckinney oh , you could not get a friendly little poker game together , eh ? ( he turn to ned ) still stick to the same story , marsh ? ned yes , yes ! mckinney you do not have a gun in you hand last night ? ned no ! mckinney s'pose you have never think of kill he -- ned I would not say that -- ( emotionally ) I be glad he 's dead -- yes -- I would think of kill he -- but I do not -- mckinney why ? ned because I be yellow , I guess -- BRETT ( warningly ) do not get yourself all work up -- mckinney ( to brett ) you keep out of this -- ( quickly - - to ned ) you admit you think of kill he -- how be you go to do it ? ned I try to borrow a gun from Chad , but -- mckinney ( as he rise ) this be interesting -- ( turn quickly to denby ) why do not you tell I you give this kid you gun last night ? denby I do not -- mckinney ( quickly ) he ask for a loan of it , do not he ? denby yes -- but I do not give it to he -- mckinney ( smile - - take gun he get from ballinger out of he pocket ) be this you gun ? denby ( surprise at see gun -- examine it closely ) yes ! mckinney nod . mckinney mmmmmmmmmhm .... ( he turn to brett ) now , Jimmy , what be you do in that corridor before the shot be fire ? BRETT ( stalling ) why , I -- denby just before the shot ! why , he be with I -- backstage -- we run down together when we hear they . both mckinney and brett look at he in amazement . CUT to : 250 long shot --door burst OPEN a steward enter -- he be very excited . steward ( he be white ) the lady in cabin- - have be kill ! mckinney be you sure ? -- this scene be shot so that the door in the background be not in the picture - - we hear a voice say -- voice that 's right , Inspector ! -- camera pan over to doorway . 251 close -up--rosson rosson ( calmly ) she 's dead !-- I kill lother too ! as Inspector , Captain , and officer go to he -- we -- CUT to : 251-a close shot --denby --ned --sally denby enter scene where ned be stand with he arm around Sally . denby take she to she cabin-- she 's all in . CUT to : 251aa close shot corner of purser's office -- BRETT and denby -- BRETT thanks for establish a alibi for I . if that guy have not confess I would have be on the grill plenty , and I do not think I could have weathered it . get I ? any time I can do you a favor do not hesitate to ask for it . denby I will not -- I will ask for one right now . ( turn and look brett up and down ) Sally tell I she 's in love with you . BRETT she do ? denby ( continue ) yes -- but do not ask I why -- because I could never tell you . I do not know what most guy want out of life -- but that would be enough for I -- I would not care about -- easy money -- or-- show off my smart brain -- I would just like to live my life so nothing I do would bounce back and ruin hers -- do I make myself clear ? BRETT ( soberly ) very clear . that 's one favor I will be glad to do you . denby ( offer he hand ) o.k. , kid -- ( they shake hand ) I be only sorry for one thing . BRETT what 's that ? denby if you have not agree -- I be go to throw you overboard -- ( sigh ) brett grin and leave he . as he walk away , shortie come up to brett . shortie ( nervously ) hello , Jimmy . what 's up ? BRETT listen , runt -- Quick ! where 's the ice ? shortie ( nervously ) why --i -- er think with all this heat turn on I would hide it . BRETT where do you hide it ? shortie on the drunk . BRETT get it ! shortie exit . CUT to : 251-b medium shot-dan-staggering down corridor . shortie follow he . CUT to : 251-c section of deck outside purser's office -- close shot --captain of ship and mckinney captain well , Inspector - - now that that 's over - - you can go back to you vacation . mckinney not quite yet . there 's still a loose bracelet float around here somewhere . dissolve to : 252 close - up --bracelet camera dolly back to BRETT and sally BRETT there come a time in every guy 's life when he have to stand off and take a look at himself . I have be do that tonight -- and what I see be pretty phony . he show she the bracelet . BRETT now you know . ( repeat she word ) if you have a appointment elsewhere -- I will excuse you . she look at he for a moment . mckinney' voice sorry to intrude . brett hastily put bracelet in he pocket . mckinney come into scene . mckinney soon as I get that bracelet back I be go to relax . wish the guy that borrow it would help I out -- I get to win that fifty buck . sally I have get a hunch you be go to win that bet , Inspector . mckinney I hope so . well , I guess you two can do without I . I will be see you . CUT to : 253 medium close shot --brett and sally BRETT I be go to return the bracelet right now and face the consequence . sally Jimmy ! his hand go to he pocket . BRETT well , I will be --!!! sally what 's the matter ? they both react seriously and look off down the deck . CUT to : 254 medium shot --mckinney back to camera be walk down the deck . we catch a flash of the bracelet as he toss it in the air . brett' voice hey -- wait a minute ! quickly , mckinney slip the bracelet into he pocket . brett come into the setup . silently he take a roll of money from he pocket , peel off a fifty and hand it to mckinney with a quiet look . BRETT here 's you fifty . mckinney thanks . that make we square . Sally enter scene . mckinney grin and move off . camera pan with he . mckinney next time I get a vacation I will spend it at headquarters . good-night . CUT to : 254-a close -up --sally and BRETT watching he sally he 's a swell person . he tell I he would rather turn one guy straight than jug a million . CUT to : 255 quick flash ---the show go on chorus , fast tempo , etc . superimpose denby at microphone . denby this be the transatlantic merry - go-round program signing off --station w-a-v-e -- Chad denby speak . mary ( interrupt ) oh , Mr. denby , I write a poem about a bracelet -- denby good-night , folk . the end screen play by Joseph moncure March and Harry W. conn original Story by Leon Gordon