S. S. Wilson & Brent maddock 's " tremor " for educational use only beneath perfection written by S. S. Wilson & Brent maddock wd6 6/21/88 1 ext . desert valley - day 1 the high desert -- absolutely silent -- a vast , hard land - scape stretch away to distant mountain . the silence be break by hoof-beat . 2 ext . edgar' place - day 2 it 's a simple cabin dwarf by a big , ramshackle barn . edgar deem ( 60 ) , a weathered desert rat of a hermit , be walk he donkey around in circle . now , rattling toward they down a endless dirt road , come a old , sun -bleach buick . it stop and out lean old fred ( 70 ) wear a sweat-stain fedora . the two friend nod . old fred how 's she do ? edgar she want to lay down . I be a little worried . Old Fred climb out with a bushel basket of carrot . old fred well , I brung she something I know she like . edgar damn , Fred , you can not give away all that . old fred forget it . I get vegetable come out my ear . usually the varmint eat up half my crop , but lately I be not so much as see a gopher or a jack - rabbit nowhere . edgar if that be not the truth . and I count on they for a little bit of stew meat ... thank you , Fred . Edgar take the carrot and feed one to the donkey . edgar ( cont would ) here you go , Justine . look what Fred bring you . old fred we play card tonight ? edgar I think I be gonna be sit up with she . old fred I would do the same . well , catch you Thursday . edgar you bet . the man nod , and Old Fred drive off . close - up of the donkey 's hoof thumping along as Edgar lead she to the barn . edgar ( cont would ) let 's get you out of the sun for a spell . edgar ( cont would ) I will get you some fresh water . but , suddenly , we hear the donkey restlessly stomping its hoof and bray . Edgar turn , concerned . now we hear a odd sound . distant thunder ? the wind ? the donkey get more and more frantic . the barn shudder violently . frightened bird explode from the eave . Dust puff from every old seam . roof shingles rain down . Edgar stare in amazement . edgar ( cont would ) ... some kind of earthquake !? then another sound -- the donkey start screeching in wild panic . edgar ( cont would ) Justine , hang on ! I be come ! Edgar race back to the barn and fling open the door . 3 int . edgar be barn - day 3 Dust swirl through the air . but -- the barn in empty . no donkey . now Edgar be hit by a ghastly stench . he stagger back , and cover he nose with a handkerchief . then he see , splatter across the wall -- blood ! edgar what in the name of jehovah ...? he raise he arm above the door frame . when he lower they he 's hold a 12 gauge shotgun . he race outside , ready to shoot , but there 's nothing -- as far as the eye can see . 4 ext . cliff - dawn 4 the sun light up spectacular sheer cliff which plunge 1000 foot from a ruggedly beautiful high - desert plateau . at the top of the cliff , silhouett against the dawn , a lone cow - boy seem to gaze in deep contemplation at the sunrise . as we move in , we realize he 's actually pee over the cliff . this be valentine mckee ( 25 ) . smart and good look , Val have nevertheless manage to underachieve brilliantly . he coast through life , follow the path of least resistance -- which have bring he to this dubious rustic existence on the edge of civilization . but lately he 's beginning to wonder why he have not accomplish more in he 25 year . as a few sleepy cow gaze at he , sleepy Val shuffles over to he batter old pickup truck . a hand - paint sign on the door read : " V & E -- all type 's of job 's . " indeed , the pick - up bed be jumble with tool and supplies for every conceivable odd job -- and the noisily snore form of he partner huddle in a dirty sleep bag . Val rap on the side of the truck . val ( softly ) good morning , Mr. bassett , this be you wake - up call . please move you fat ass . no response from the sleep bag . Val stare at the cow chew they cud -- and perk up as he get a idea . he gently step onto the truck 's run board , then suddenly start jump up and down as hard as he can , rock the truck violently . val ( cont would ) stampede ! earl , get out of the way ! the sleep bag try to get up and run for it . it tumble out of the back of the pickup . while Val laugh uproar - iously , earl basset ( 43 ) claw he way out of the bag , look around wildly , and find himself stare at three motionless cow . earl you dumb shit . Earl be a good - ol ' boy who have live he life just like Val , drift from job to job . he know why he have not accom - plished anything , and often try to impart he hard - win wisdom to Val , but the last thing the young man want be advice . Earl stretch . the man begin a silent ritual : Earl grope through he pocket for a cigarette , but only find a lighter . meanwhile , Val dig in he pocket , come up with cigarettes , but no lighter . typical of this two , each guy always have half of what he need . eventually they sort it out , trading the necessary implement . Earl reach for a coffee - pot on a batter coleman stove on the tailgate . but it 's cold . earl you do not cook breakfast ? val do it yesterday . franks and bean . earl ( try to recall ) no ... it be egg . I do egg . val Hell you do . you turn . Earl raise he fist . this be the challenge , and it instantly triggers the partner ' conflict- resolution technique . they solve all dispute use the child 's game of " scissors , rock , paper . " Earl raise he fist in response . the game be play swiftly and silently -- one , two , three . on three , Val mime " paper " ( open hand . Earl mime " scissors " ( two extend finger ) . scissor cut paper . Val have lose . he shrug and start pump up the stove fuel tank . val ( cont would ) well , when I be you age I will probably forget what I eat , too . 4a ext . desert valley - fence - day 4a Val and Earl be restringing a dilapidate , and seemingly endless , barb wire fence . a few bored cow watch they . val how many cow do it take to make a stampede ? be it like three or more ? be there a minimum speed ? earl ( shake he head ) I be in one . a bolt of lightning blow up cottonwood tree . Three hundred head go hell - bent for the horizon . be not so damn funny , I can tell you . Earl 's hand slip and the fence snag he right through he thick glove . earl ( cont would ) ow ! God damn ! be this a job for intelligent man ?! val if there be one nearby I would probably ask he . earl I keep think , if we be but half serious about money , we should quit be hire hand and ... val ( mock serious ) handymen , Earl . we be handymen . earl whatever the hell we be , we should quit and go get ourselves some real employment . Val gesture to the vastness around they . val what , and give up all this personal freedom ? 5 ext . jeep trail - day 5 Val guide the truck down a tortuous , rocky , almost impas - sable trail . it take full concentration as he fight the steering wheel , shift , ride the brake and lean out try to pick a decent route . Earl brace he foot on the dash and munch breakfast , a raw hot dog right out of the package . val goddamn jeep trail get worse every year . earl ( shrug ) have a lot of rain . Earl pull a box of hershey bar from under the seat . there 's only one bar leave . he set the box down between they . Val glance at it -- and raise he fist : the challenge . one , two , three . Val mime " paper ; " Earl mime " rock . " Earl lose . Val take the bar . earl ( point ahead ) you be gonna get we hang up . val do not talk to the driver . thwonk ! the truck lurch to a stop , its frame catch on a big rock . Val glare at Earl . 6 ext . desert intersection - pick - up truck - day 6 the pick - up turn from a dirt road onto a old paved road . val ( v.o . ) what do we have next ? 7 int . pick - up - moving - day 7 Earl consult a crumpled list pull from inside he hat . earl uh ... digging that waterhole for nestor . val burt and Heather 's place be closer . let 's do they kitchen today . do nestor tomorrow . earl nestor 's out of town tomorrow . we do not dig today . we do not get pay today . damn it , Valentine , you never plan ahead . you never take the long view . Hell , here it be Monday and I be already work on Wednesday . ( squint dubiously at he schedule ) it be Monday , right ? but Val be peer at the desert up ahead . off the road a way be a small Toyota pick - up truck and , beside it , a lone figure try to flag they down . val who the hell 's that ? that 's not what 's he name ... the grad student ? earl Nah , it 's September . must be the new one . val the new one ! that 's suppose to be a girl ! Earl brace himself , know what Val will do . Val swerve the truck wildly off the road , barrel across the desert . val ( cont would ) ( almost praying ) you will have long blonde hair , big green eye , nice full breast that stand up and say hello , ass that will not quit . and leg , leg that go all the way up ! Earl shake he head , mildly bemuse as they slide to a stop in a cloud of dust . 8 ext . desert - rhonda's truck - day 8 Val look out hopefully . the dust clear . he see she -- rhonda lebeck , ( 25 ) . Val 's eye do a expert vertical scan : short brown hair , small brown eye , so - so chest , leg hide in baggy dungaree . Laden with a portable computer , notebook , and some seismograph printout , she stare at he through tilt glass . her little pick - up truck be load with geology field equipment . she shake Val 's hand firmly . rhonda ( brightly ) hi , I be Rhonda . Rhonda lebeck . I be up here for the semester ... val yeah , geography . rhonda right , geology . and you have to be Val and Earl . I have hear all about you . earl we deny everything . Rhonda smile . rhonda listen , get a question for you . do you know if anybody be do any blast or drilling or anything like that ? val around here ? why would they ? rhonda well , I be suppose monitor this seismographs . you know , they measure vibration ... val yeah , vibration in the ground . rhonda yeah , well , I be get what I refer to scientifically as " weird vibe . " every sensor I have get be give I strange reading . I mean , the school have have this machine up here three year and they have never record anything like this . earl well , we will ask around . let you know if we hear of anything . rhonda thanks . God , I hope they be not screw up . I might have to bag the whole semester . anyway , sorry to bother you . earl no problem . Nice meeting you . hope you get it sort out . Rhonda unhappily turn back to she equipment as Val and Earl drive off . 9 int . pick - up truck - moving - day 9 Earl glance over at Val with a gleam in he eye . earl you know , if you want , we could take a look at that seismographs for she . val what the hell do we know about seismographs ? earl nothing . but it sure might be a nice way of get to know she . val why ? earl goddamnit , Valentine , you will not go for any gal unless she fit that damn list of yours a to Z ... val well , sure . earl ... and be dumber than my hind end . like that Bobby Lynn dexter ... Val flip down the truck 's sunvisor . tape to it be snap - shot of nearly identical blonde bimbos . Val point to one . val ( defensively ) tammy Lynn baxter . earl do not matter . they be all the same : dead weight . can not make a decision , can not walk because of they shoe , can not work because of they fingernails . make my skin crawl ! val well , I be a victim of circumstance . earl I think you call it you pecker . look , do not make the mistake I make . twenty year of look for a woman exactly like miss October 1968 , and where would it get I ? here with you . Val roll he eye -- " give I a break . " 10 ext . perfection - establish - day 10 the pick - up rattles toward a tiny , utterly isolate high desert hamlet -- a few dozen house and mobile home fight for shade in the vast landscape . its most prominent feature be a aging wood - frame water tower , perhaps 25 foot high , near the center of town . a sign pan into view -- " perfection -- pop. 14 . " 11 ext . pham van' store - day 11 Val and Earl head past the water tower for pham Van 's General store , perfection 's main gossip stop and only business . the store 's sign , in English and vietnamese , read : " Grocery , haircuts , Post Office , town Hall , video ! " Val and Earl park next to a camouflage - paint , large - tired blazer . just then they spot melvin , the town 's surly teen - age pain - in - the-ass , come toward they , mindlessly bounce a basketball off the hood of park car . as he near they truck : earl melvin , touch that truck and die . melvin oh , man , I be really shaking . but he steer clear of they truck . 12 int . pham van' store - day 12 Inside , the energetic vietnamese owner , pham van , preside over he all - purpose establishment : part general store , part barber shop , part saloon . at the bar be burt gummer and he wife heather , two no - nonsense survivalist who have settle in perfection to await the come apocalypse -- a nice enough couple , but there 's a hint of paranoia around the edge . burt be shove a box of cartridge across to pham . burt no , pham , they be not hollow point . I order hollow point and that 's what I want . when Val and Earl enter , pham automatically pop the top on two cold beer and have they in place before the cowboy reach the bar . everyone exchange nod . heather hi , guy , what you be up to ? val ran into the new college student , rona . earl Rhonda . Rhonda lebeck . she 's get some kind of strange reading on she thing . burt damn , you know , that kid turn up oil or uranium or something out there ... next thing the fed will be at we door . " sorry , time to move . eminent domain . " heather down , honey , down . val yeah , burt . the way you worry , you be gonna have a heart attack before you get to survive World War III . Heather and pham laugh . burt smile patiently . just then the compressor in pham 's ice cream freezer come on . it 's a loud chug-chug-chug sound mix with a high -pitch squeal . pham van hey Val , listen . bear go out , you think ? val could be . he start toward the compressor , but Earl head he off . earl catch it later , pham . gotta get over to nestor 's . val right . we plan ahead . that way we do not do anything right now . Earl explain it to I . as they turn to go , Val do a take , amaze , as he spot a decorative bleach - out cattle skull display on the counter -- with a $ 29.95 price tag . val ( cont would ) hey , pham Van , what the hell be this ? burt a beauty , be not it ? we buy three of they for the rec room . val ( whisper to pham Van ) we sell them to you for three buck a piece ! pham van ( deadpan ) and I appreciate it . val ( playfully ) you do not get it , pham . the idea be : we be rip you off . suddenly a car alarm blare from outside . burt 's out the door in a flash . the other follow . 13 ext . pham van' store - day 13 burt race out and shout at melvin who back guiltily away from burt 's camouflage blazer . burt melvin , you little pain -in- the -ass ! melvin it be not I , man ! you truck 's just screw up , that 's all . burt angrily switch off the alarm . Val and Earl laugh as they climb into they truck . val why do not he parent ever take he to Vegas with they ? earl you gotta ask that ? 14 ext . pit - day 14 at one end of town , Earl maneuver a huge bulldozer with a scoop - loader blade through a choke cloud of dust , scour out a shallow pit to serve as a water hole . Val sight down a row of stake which mark one end of the pit . the job be do . he signal Earl to cut the engine . both man have kerchief cover they face and be totally encrust with dust . 15 angle - truck trailer - day 15 nearby be a old batter truck trailer -- the massive , solid steel kind use for heavy rock haul . tire flat , mire in dry mud and weed , it have not be use in year . now it provide welcome shade as the man sit sip some coffee . nestor cunningham drive up , surveying the pit with approval . nestor it come out great , boy . should fill up just fine come the next rain . lemme have you bill . Earl and Val start fishing in they pocket for pen and paper . Earl come up with various piece of paper , Val with three or four pen . it 's a moment before they realize each have the other need implement . Earl write out the bill during : nestor ( cont would ) I will have to send it to you the first of the month , boy . Val and Earl exchange pain look . nestor ( cont would ) now , you know I be good for it . val yeah , nestor , we know . do not worry about it . catch we when you can . they amble over to they truck . Earl take the driver 's side -- and start fishing in he pocket for the key . val ( cont would ) be we too easy - go ? earl no , we be not too easy - go . this area be economically depressed . Val realize he have the key and hand it over . val so what if we just do it ... today . pack up . drive straight down to bixby . get serious . earl we could . we could . but we would have to get really serious . it 's gonna cost twice as much to rent a place . val so ? that car wash pay good , and they be always look . earl car wash ?! that 's get no future . if we be gonna take the plunge we oughta have a better plan than that . val yeah , sure . go ahead and plan it ... for a year or two . 16 ext . viola' place - day 16 close on a stencill sign : pham van be u-rent -- cesspool , septic tank . pull out to see Val and Earl have rent a portable septic pump ( perhaps trailer mount ) . the age machine reek of and drip with its ignoble cargo . the intake hose have be repair so often it look to be more tape than hose . grimace Val thread the slimy hose down through the open top of Viola 's cesspool . beside they be Viola 's well - keep mobile home on a low hill not far from pham Van 's store . well - keep flower garden surround the place . viola , a sweet little old lady , watch the man work while strain to hold the leash of she tiny but ferocious dog . the dog yap continuously , lung at Val and Earl . viola stop it ! stop it , you horrid animal ! ( to Val and Earl ) I be go to give she back to my son . I swear it . val hey , Viola , you have get my permission . earl God almighty , my mama sure do not raise I for this . Val get up and start the pump 's gas engine . val well , you be the one will not work in the car wash . you be the one 's gotta have a plan . earl damn it , Val ! not have a plan be what keep we do job like this ! Earl angrily throw the pump valve and start the pump mechanism . he and Val on stand either side of the intake hose as it gurgle happily . val what keep we do job like this be you drag you foot . I be up for go to bixby . I be get excited . earl in the past year I must have say a hundred time " we gotta get out of perfection . we gotta better ourselves . " you gonna stand there in broad daylight and tell I you think I be the reason we be still here ? you want to know how close I be to go to bixby right now ? val I will call that little bluff . how close ? pow ! goooosh ! the gurgle intake hose rupture , shower they with -- well you know . they react as if they would be shot ; gag , staggering , scream obscenity . 17 ext . val and earl' trailer - day 17 Val and Earl 's beat - up mobile home be just down the street from pham Van 's store . Val and Earl , now in cleaner clothes , march out resolutely . Val have a portable tv in one hand and a frame coor beer sign in the other . Earl unhook the clothes line and dump it , clothes and all , into the back of they truck , on top of the rest of they belonging . they stare at each other for a moment . this be it . no go back . they leap into the truck . as they drive off , Val lean out and yank they wooden nameplate ( " E. basset -- V. mckee " ) off the mailbox . 18 ext . nancy'' house - day 18 they have not go fifty yard when they spot nancy sterngood ( 40s ) work in front of she house . the guy pull they hat low over they face . Earl swerve to the far side of the street . earl uh oh , it 's Nancy . she want another load of firewood . val forget it , man . it 's not worth it . Nancy spot they and beckon excitedly . earl she 's get we . now , listen , the plan be : we have do we last job in perfection . val that 's the plan . they stop beside Nancy . while they talk , Nancy 's daughter , mindy ( 9 ) , come bounce along on she pogo-stick , listen to she walkman and slowly circle the truck . nancy mindy , honey , do not pogo in the street . hey , guy , I have get a job for you ... earl sorry , Nancy . we be not do odd job anymore . we be head for bixby permanent . nancy ( skeptical ) oh , sure ... ( see stuff in back of truck ) ... my God , you really be ! val yep , we be relocate to a area with a great economic base . ( to mindy , over she music ) hey , mindy , what 's the count ? mindy six hundred three , six hundred four , six hundred five ... val go for it ! nancy gee , guy . I make the big decision . I be put in that satellite dish . I be go to offer you five hundred dollar . Val and Earl glance at each other -- five hundred dollar ! 19 ext . desert road - pick - up truck - day 19 the truck roar toward the " leave perfection " sign . Val and Earl be elate , downright giddy . earl we do it ! we face temptation and we do not bend ! val damn straight ! now there 's nothing between we and bixby but nothing ! they zoom past the sign . val ( cont would ) last time we will see that sign ! they laugh , then be throw half out of they seat as Earl accidentally hit a big pothole . earl last time we hit that goddamn pothole ! 20 ext . desert - wide - day 20 as the truck streak across the landscape . Val and Earl merrily continue they good - by to whatever be visible . val ( v.o . ) so long , cactus ! earl ( v.o . ) adios , bridge ! 21 ext . canyon road - day 21 on its way down from the high desert , the lonely road now wind through a twist , narrow canyon . a county highway maintenance truck be park to one side and two road worker , carmine and howard , repair a slide - damage section of the road , carmine break up asphalt with a jackhammer . Val and Earl pull up , hand they each a beer , and speed away , shouting : val last time down this damn twisty road ! 22 ext . shack - day 22 the pick - up speed past a small shack . Val and Earl automatically roll up they window . in a moment we see why : a monster , ferocious dog come gallop out to chase they truck . Earl give the dog the finger . earl last chance , asshole . run , run ...! 23 ext . old fred' place - day 23 Old Fred latch the gate on he corral fill with sheep . he look up as Val and Earl 's truck speed past . Val and Earl honk they horn and wave happily . Old Fred wave back . 24 ext . road - electrical tower - day 24 the pick - up zoom along , the road now parallel a line of tall high - tension electrical tower . 25 int . / ext . pick - up truck - moving - day 25 the guy have calm down , but each be still dream of a new life . earl okay , here 's the plan . we bust we tail in the car wash six month ... well , maybe nine ... and we do not spend a dime , you know ? and then we go for it ... down payment on a tow - truck or a back - hoe or something , right ? start a real business . we can start look for something today , tonight ! Val point up ahead -- a man be sit near the top of a distant electrical tower . val jeez , look at that guy . earl ( shake he head ) one job I would never take be work around electricity . val especially when it 's two hundred foot off the ground . but as the pass the tower : val ( cont would ) hey , hold up ... that 's Edgar deem ! earl you be full of shit . val he 's only get one damn jacket . that 's he , I be tell you . 26 ext . electrical tower - day 26 Earl pull over . they climb out and peer up at the tower . Edgar be hard to see through the criss-crossing girder . earl ( impressed ) man , oh , man . he must have really be drunk this time . ( shout ) Edgar ! what the hell you do ? get on down from there ! Edgar do not move . Val and Earl shift about uncomfortably . val well , shit , we can not leave he up there . they stare at each other . someone 's get to climb up . Val raise he fist in the challenge . they finger fly . rock break scissors . Val lose . Valentine unhappily climb the tall tower while Earl watch from below . val ( cont would ) hey , Edgar , do not you move . I be come to get you ... you damn fool , you owe I on this one ... Higher and higher Val climb . he try not to look down . he 's approach Edgar from below and behind . as he get nearer he begin to notice forbode detail : one of Edgar 's shoe be miss , half the trouser lead be tear off .. Edgar be strapped to a girder by he belt , he shotgun grip in he hand . a swarm of fly buzze away . val ( cont would ) what the hell ... he edge around to where he can see Edgar 's face -- the eye be wide open , stare . he 's dead . 27 ext . old fred' place - day 27 Old Fred be now hoe he garden . he glance up as Val and Earl 's pick - up roar back toward perfection . 28 ext . jim and megan' house - day 28 a big station wagon be park between a small mobile home and a half - finish house be build by jim and megan wallace , a out -go , energetic older couple . lumber , cinder block , and tool be scattered around the yard . Jim examine Edgar 's body in the bed of Val and Earl 's pick - up truck . Val , Earl and megan talk in subdued tone . val Real sorry to bother you , megan , but we figure since Jim 's a doctor ... megan no , it 's fine . you do the right thing . when Jim be do we will call the coroner 's office in bixby . we will take care of it . ( shake she head ) poor Edgar . earl ( try to break the mood ) well , I see you get all the wallboard up . megan that be easy . you two do the hard part . sure sorry you be leave . Jim climb out of the pick-up . earl be be a heart attack ? jim ( shaking he head ) he die of dehydration . thirst . val but that do not make sense . that take a couple of day , do not it ? jim Three or four even . earl you mean he sit up there three or four day ? just sit there till he die of thirst ? Jim shrug . everyone be mystify . 29 ext . old fred' place - day 29 Fred be still hoe . in the nearby pen he sheep start act restless . he eye they . what 's up ? we hear a strange muffle sound . unseen , behind he , at the far end of the garden , he scarecrow mysteriously tilt . Old Fred keep hoe . he stop , he foot be catch in the dirt . suddenly he be yank knee - deep into the ground ! 30 ext . canyon road - day 30 Val and Earl 's truck , again head for bixby , and go way too fast , zoom past the two worker still repair the road . the worker glance up , annoyed . 31 ext . shack - day 31 Val and Earl , sober and deep in think , drive past the shack where the ferocious dog life . they automatically roll up they window during : earl reckon he hate perfection more than we ? you suppose he want to kill himself ? val if he do , why do not he use he damn shotgun ? earl maybe he just could not pull the trigger ... val oh sure , he figure it be easier to die of thirst ? come on , sombody must have chase he up there . earl oh , you mean somebody who be not scared of a twelve gauge shotgun . and then what do they do ? Camp out down below and just wait for he to die ? Val have no answer . it 's too weird . val well , whatever the hell happen it 's just one more goddamn good reason to haul ass out of this place . earl you get that right . they be pass the shack . Earl suddenly realize : earl ( cont would ) hey , where the hell 's that asshole dog ? val ( look around ) probably up a pole starve itself to death . earl okay , the plan be : pedal to the metal the whole way . we do not stop till we hit the carwash , not even to pee . val I will go with that plan . 32 ext . old fred' place - day 32 close on the pick - up 's tire skid to a stop . pull out to see we be back at Old Fred 's . val what be you do ? Earl be stare wide - eye . Val follow Earl 's gaze and be aghast when he see -- the sheep pen -- it 's a ghastly , bloody mess . scatter on the churn up ground a few dismember sheep leg and head be all that remain of the flock . val ( whisper ) what the hell ...? Val and Earl leap out of the truck to investigate . val hey , Old Fred ! Fred ! where be you ?! Earl dash into Fred 's house . Val check around outside . Earl come back out . earl not here . then they spot something lie in the middle of the garden -- Old Fred 's hat . still look all around , Val squat distractedly to pick up the hat . he and Earl stumble backward in shock . old fred be still wearing he hat !! his mangle face stare up at they , eye and mouth freeze open in a death grimace . earl oh , Jesus !! val what the hell be go on ? I mean what the hell be go on ?!! 33 ext . canyon road - day 33 carmine and Howard continue repair the road , carmine still use the noisy jackhammer . Val and Earl drive up . earl you guy better get the hell outta here ! we get a killer on the loose ! howard what ? carmine stop jackhammering to listen . earl a murderer , man ! a real psycho . he 's cut people 's head off ! I be serious ! I would high - tail for town if I be you ! Val and Earl speed away . carmine they be drunk . howard yeah ... but he edge over to the truck and take out a heavy steel pry-bar to keep within easy reach . carmine go back to work , pound the asphalt with the jackhammer . suddenly the blade strike something beneath the road , something soft . we hear a strange , unearthly shriek from underground . a weird orange goo gush up around the blade . then the jackhammer take off by itself like a harpoon stick in a whale ! carmine get tangle in the jack - hammer 's air-hose and be drag along , shouting for help . Howard chase he down the embankment and into the scrub - brush . he hear carmine scream . howard carmine ! what the hell be it ?! where be you ? but now there be only silence . Howard crash through the brush . all he find be the tear end of the air-hose -- which suddenly suck down into the ground . he 's momentarily staggered by a awful smell , but force himself to keep look . he let the pry-bar drag on the ground . then something -- it look like a mouth or a horrid beak -- shoot out of the ground and grip the pry-bar with uncanny strength ! Howard drop he weapon and scramble madly away . he clamber back onto the road . but almost immediately crack form in the pavement around he . more beak -thing break through the asphalt between he and he truck . he dash across the road , scramble up the embankment . he cling precariously to a tree root , look down -- where would they go ? suddenly the dirt around he begin to " bubble . " several hungry beak break through and grab he , yanking he head first into the embankment . then the embankment give way , crash down onto the road , take with it a nearby telephone pole and snap the line . 34 int . pham van' store - day 34 pham Van be talk to miguel , a local rancher . they both jump as the door burst open . Val and Earl race in , trail by nestor and melvin . Val head for the payphone during : nestor his head ? you mean just he head ? Val grab the phone and dig in he pocket for change . val yeah , really sick , man . sweet Old Fred . Earl come up with change and hand it to Val , who dial . pham van something happen to Fred ? melvin ( ignore pham ) be you serious , man ? they kill he just to take he sheep ? earl he do not have nothing else to steal . neither do Edgar . miguel what happen to Edgar ? Val stare at the phone . val I do not believe this . the phone be out ! pham , you phone be out ! pham van I do not do it ! what 's go on ? Val and Earl rush out . 35 ext . pham van' store - day 35 trailed by the other Val and Earl march out and leap into they truck , Val drive now . he search for the key . nestor we have gotta get the police up here . you guy gotta step on it to bixby . Earl hand Val the key . val consider it step on . 36 ext . canyon road - day 36 again the pick - up barrel through the canyon . val brother , we decide to leave this place just one day too late , you know ? earl ( grimly ) well , there 's sure as hell nothing to stop we now . everybody we know between here and bixby be already dead . Earl point ahead and scream : earl look out !! Val bring the truck to a squealing stop . ahead : the collapse embankment completely block the road . it 's totally impassable . the cowboy be dumbfounded . earl be some higher force at work , here ? be we ask too much of life ? but Val be in no mood for philosophy . he leap out and peer into the highway maintenance truck which sit undisturbed , emergency light still flash . there 's nobody in it . he start look around . val that asshole be suppose to be fix the goddamn road ! ( shout ) hey ! where be you guy ? people gotta use this road , you know ! you on a booze break or what ?! earl ( whisper ; urgently point ) Val ! Val ! Val look where he 's point -- Howard 's bloodstain hardhat lie at the edge of the landslide . Val get the point . look around for the unknown assailant , he ease back into the truck . Earl already have a pistol in he lap and be digging through the glove compartment . earl ( cont would ) where be the bullet ? do not we have any goddamn bullet ? Val quickly jockey the truck to turn it around on the narrow road . but as he back into the hillside , we hear a strange grate clunk from underneath . when he try to pull forward , the truck will not move . the engine stall . val Jesus ! I do not believe this ! earl you be hang up again . val I be not ! they both lean out . the rear tire be clear . Val restart the truck and try to pull forward , rock the truck against some unseen pull . smoke well up from the clutch . earl you be hang up I tell you . you be gonna burn the clutch . Val slam the truck into low - range four- wheel - drive and revs it . the tire dig in , fight for traction -- and suddenly the truck lurch free . we hear a eerie shriek mingle with gear and engine noise as Val angrily roar away . earl ( cont would ) Jesus , you can break a axle like that . val fuck you ! earl hey , I do not want spend the night out here ! 37 ext . phan vam' store - day 37 the word have spread . everybody in town be gather at pham van' . they rush out to meet Val and Earl as they drive up . burt what the hell you do back already ? val you be never go to believe this , but the canyon road ... we be on it not two hour ago ... well , it 's completely ... but he stop because they be all stare wide - eye at the rear of the truck . nancy my God ...! Val and Earl jump out and look where everyone else be look . they jaw drop . reveal : hang from the rear axle of they truck and trail out behind like a nightmare wedding decoration -- a sex foot long , grotesque , fleshy , tentacle . the end grip the axle look like a vicious , razor - sharp beak or hook . the trail end be mutilate , ooze orange goo -- as though the creature be tear in half . melvin unreal ! where would you get it ? val uh...did not know we have it ... nancy it 's disgusting . viola look like ... and eel . nestor naw ... eel live in water . val so ... it 's some kind of snake ? earl or a big mother slug maybe ? burt some kind of mutation ...? burt , more dare than the other , pries the thing off the axle with a shovel . pham van do not touch , do not touch . burt it 's dead all right . tore the damn thing in half . earl it must have grab we . that 's why the truck stall - out . val ( suddenly indignant ) yeah ! next time I tell you I be not hang up ...! burt stall out you truck ? have to be one strong son of a bitch . pham Van leap over they . pham van I give you boy five dollar for it . Val and Earl square they shoulder . this time they be ready for he . val twenty . pham van okay , ten dollar . earl Fifteen . pham van okay , fifteen . val damn right fifteen . burt be deep in think . burt just one of this could not eat up off a whole flock of sheep . there 's gotta be more out there , a lot more . a cold chill spread through the group . they stare out at the vast , forbid desert . they suddenly feel alone -- very alone . 38 ext . desert - day 38 close on Rhonda 's hat lie on the ground . we think the worst . then she reach in , pick it up and put it on . reveal she 's in a lonely corner of the valley work with a seismograph . she pound a mark stake into the dirt . 39 insert - close on seismograph 39 the needle respond to each blow on the stake . we hear Rhonda stop pound . the needle stop . all be silent -- but the needle start move again ! " 40 back to scene 40 low camera be moving in Rhonda 's general direction . she start to pound another stake . camera react so it be move straight toward she . as it pass a burrow , a rabbit suddenly scout out . camera whip pan to watch the rabbit scamper into the distance , then turn back to move toward Rhonda , who still pound she stake . camera pass Rhonda 's seismograph . the machine tilt slightly as the ground bulge up beneath it . Rhonda finish pound . she head for she truck , noisily toss in she tool and slamm the tailgate . camera close in on she , faster and faster . it be right on she heel as she climb into the cab ! 41 angle - rhonda's truck 41 a beak -thing thrust out of the ground , grop where Rhonda 's boot just be . Rhonda drive off , unknowingly run right over the thing . we hear a shriek of pain as the tentacle writhes and suck back under the ground . 42 int . pham van' store - night 42 mindy sterngood pose cautiously with the bizarre hook tentacle . a camera flash and we reveal pham Van take she photo beside a sign : " photograph -- you and the snake monster -- $ 2.00 . " Viola and miguel , wait in line . we now see the store be crowded with concerned townsfolk debate what to do , and how to protect themselves . Val and Earl sit on the sideline , sip beer , gaze in awe at enterprise phan vam : earl slick as snot and I be not lie . val Fifteen lousy buck . earl a man who plan ahead . dominate the discussion be burt and Heather now armed with scope , magnum hunt rifle . Heather stand guard at a window , peer out into the night . burt ( to group ) ... look , we organize , we arm ourselves . we go out , we find that damn snake thing , we make them extinct . nestor come on , burt , we do not even know what they be . viola might be alien . who know ? miguel why go look for trouble ? burt miguel , the trouble 's come to we . if we be not ready ... heather phone 's out . Road 's out . we be on we own . nancy ( sarcastic ) and you two just love it , do not you ? heather come on , Nancy , do not let 's get personal . we need to do something . burt step over to a fade topographic map on the wall and point out detail during : burt damn right . you folk gotta analyze the situation . with that road out we be completely cut off . get the cliff to the north , mountain east and west . that 's why Heather and I settle here in the first place , geographic isolation . nancy well ... there must be dome way to get help . viola yes , that 's what I say . burt how , for chrissake ? you gonna walk thirty - eight mile to bixby ? miguel hey , what about pham Van 's saddle horse ? all head turn toward pham Van . pham van you be welcome to they . do anybody know how to ride ? all head turn toward Val and Earl . 43 ext . jim and meganss house - establish - night 43 in the vast desert night a single floodlight illuminate Jim and megan 's partially finish house . they station wagon be park out front . a country and western tune drift to we from it 's radio . as we move closer , we see the floodlight be power by a small , softly purring generator set maybe fifty foot away . Jim and megan , both exhaust , unload a big stack of roofing shingles from they station wagon . Jim start to lift a package of shingles but give up and sit on the tailgate . jim I be dead . let 's finish in the morning . megan we have to go into bixby in the morning . ( grin devilishly ) the concrete block be in . jim the con ...! oh my god. megan just keep look at that beautiful sky . jim what ? megan that 's the sky that 's go to be over we roof every night , when we be do . jim ( joke ) ah , but consider this , if we do not finish the roof , we can look at that sky all the time . just then the whirring of the generator become strangely muffle . the floodlight flicker . now the generator die . darkness engulf they . the car radio music drone on incongruously . jim ( cont would ) damn that thing ! megan ( sarcastic ) we could always buy a new generator . Jim dig out a powerful flashlight and head over toward the generator . megan lie back , take a welcome breather . after a moment : megan well , what 's wrong with it ? jim ( v.o. ) it 's ...gone ...! 44 angle - jim 44 baffle , he sweep the whole area with the flashlight . megan join he . megan you sure this be where it be ? jim be I sure ?! ( point with flashlight ) it be right there . there 's the cord . the severe electric cable stop at the edge of a cone- shape depression in the dirt where the generator sit . he hand she the flashlight and kneel . we watch tensely as he probe the loose earth with he hand . jim ( cont would ) maybe the ground cave in . there 's a lot of old mine and stuff around here . megan grab he shirt , try to pull he back . megan well do not then ! you do not want to fall in . suddenly , about ten foot away -- whoomp !! the generator shoot up out of the ground ! Jim and megan dive for cover as it sail through the air , and crash to earth . they stare , transfix . the generator be dent and bent almost beyond recognition -- and cover with ooze slime . jim what the ...? but megan be all action . she yank he back . megan come on . get away from it ! jim God , what a stink ! we again hear that mysterious rumbling sound . Jim stop , sweeping the flashlight around they . jim ( cont would ) hear that ? megan never mind ! let 's go ! let 's just go into town or something ! Jim , please ! she hustle he bodily toward the car during : jim you know , I bet it 's geological or something , like natural gas , or a geyser . they stink like that . remember in Yellowstone ...? suddenly he drop knee - deep into ground ! megan be throw off balance and tumble to one side . the flashlight fall , lighting they at a eerie low angle . jim ( cont would ) something 's get I !! we hear sicken crunch from below the earth . he scream in excruciate agony . jim ( cont would ) oh , God ! get I out !! get I out !! he struggle wildly , but just sink further down ! megan slide a 2x4 over to Jim . he grab it like a drown man , try to keep himself from be pull down . but he 's pull with suck power the 2x4 snap ! his head be go under . megan desperately try to dig the smother earth away , but she 's lose . now only he arm be above ground . she pull with all she might , but he sink inexorably down , down . she 's pull flat on the ground . he 's go . the next instant , a vicious hook - tentacle erupt through the earth , miss megan 's face by inch . she scramble back frantically . 45 angle - station wagon 45 low camera pursue megan toward the car , just miss she as she dive in through the open tailgate . she slam it after she . the talon rake across the car , scratch the glass . megan tumble into the front seat . thank God the key be in the ignition . she start the engine . but outside the " snake thing " attack the car in a frenzy , slashing blindly . a rear tire be totally shred just as : megan floor it . the car lurch forward but the mutilate tire fall apart . the wheel rim dig into the loose earth and the car be stick . with no other recourse , megan lock the door , roll up the window and cower in the middle of the car , panting , sobbing . the radio be still play a happy cowboy tune . she peek out . they give up ? she 's safe ? nothing happen for a moment , then -- the car start to shake and shudder ! Dust well up around the window . outside we see a bizarre sight . the earth around the rear of the car be " boil , " dirt fly in all direction -- and the car start to sink into the ground !! megan wildly honk the horn ! the car look just like a ship go down by the stern , hood tilting up gracefully . the back window shatter , dirt pour in ! megan smashes the windshield with a small fire extinguisher and scramble out on the hood . but there 's no hope . the car keep sink , titling now almost ninety degree , force she onto a precarious perch on the grille -- sink , sink . out of she mind with terror , she keep softly murmure the same hopeless phrase : megan stop it ! stop it ! somebody stop it ...! 46 ext . desert - jim and megan' house - very wide - night 46 the headlight be two ironic beacon send they beam skyward through the roiling dust into the night sky . the sound of the radio become muffle . the headlight sink from view -- and then megan 's scream float across the desert . 47 ext . pham van' store - dawn 47 out front of pham Van 's , nervous Val and Earl saddle up the horse while pham load they saddle bag with food . every - one have gather to see they off . there 's a air of tension . val ( eyeing the horse ) pham , we do not want to be stick on a couple of canner . they better be fast . earl relax . a snake thing like that could not move too quick . val screw you . for all you know they could fly . Earl pull they old Smith and wesson revolver and batter Winchester rifle out of the pick - up truck . earl you want the rifle or the Smith ? val ( definite ) the rifle . so do Earl . he raise he hand . they swiftly do a round of scissors - rock -paper . Earl lose . he hand Val the rifle . just then , burt and Heather pull up in they blazer , climb out with they hunt rifle . burt you guy all set ? earl ready as we will ever be . burt Heather and I be go to drive around a little , see if we can find that college girl and tell she to get she ass back into town . val good idea . and we will swing by the doctor 's place . they be go to go into bixby but we do not know if they leave before the road be out . Val and Earl mount up . heather hold on . you guy oughta take something that pack more punch than that thirty - thirty . take one of we brown auto , or even my model seventy ... ( offer she hunt rifle ) it 's three - seventy - five h and h mag . Earl take the awesome- look gun with a smug glance at Val . earl gee ... thanks , Heather . hope we do not need it . Heather unhook a box of cartridge from she belt and hand it to Earl . suddenly there 's a blood-curdling scream ! the door to pham Van 's fly open . out stagger melvin , wrap in pham Van 's hook - tentacle , writhe in apparent agony . melvin it's got I ! it 's got I ! aaaahgh ! people scatter like sheep . burt and Heather have gun train on he in a instant . then everyone realize it 's a sick joke . melvin collapse with laughter . burt be livid . he almost shot melvin . he charge over and yank the kid to he foot , scream : burt you stupid punk ! you come that close , that close !! earl one of this day , melvin , somebody 's gonna kick you ass . pham rush over and grab he precious tentacle . as people calm down , Val and Earl gaze nervously at the vast desert before they . burt well ... you fella watch yourselves . nancy come back with the sheriff . nestor sheriff , like hell . come back with the National Guard . they ride out to a adlib chorus : " keep you head down ; " " go careful , boy ; " " keep a sharp lookout ; " etc . 48 ext . desert - day 48 Val and Earl ride along , very tiny in the vast , lonely landscape , and very on edge . constantly look all around . earl you know , we can not possibly make bixby by nightfall . Val do not want to hear it . earl that mean we be gonna be out here , like , in the dark . val ( resentfully ) great . thank you . faint country and western radio music drift to they . they be near Jim and megan 's house . 49 ext . jim and megan' house - day 49 Val knock on the door to the mobile home . val hey , doctor , anybody here ? no answer . he open the door and peer inside . behind he Earl step out of the half - finish house and shrug . nobody around . wind rustle the plastic sheet over the window . strangely they can still hear the muffle radio clearly . val ( spook ) oh , man , I hate this shit . they walk briskly to they horse . Earl snatch Heather 's rifle from its saddle scabbard . Val pull out the Winchester . Earl try to reassure himself . earl car 's go . we just miss they , that 's all . val then where 's the goddamn conway twitty come from ? they focus on the sound and walk gingerly toward it , keep constant watch in every direction . the ground here be all tear up like the sheep pen -- and the music be come from underneath ! what the hell be go on ? Val scrape at the dirt with he boot -- and find the headlight of Jim and megan 's station wagon , still on , glaring up at he . he drop down and wildly sweep away more dirt , revealing more of the car 's grille and hood -- and blood - soak dirt which stick to he hand . he leap away , frantically rub the blood off on he pants . val ( cont would ) oh , man ...oh , man ... 50 ext . desert - concrete ditch - day 50 Val and Earl be riding at full gallop . they race alongside a concrete-line flood - control ditch and veer off to follow a barb wire fence which cross the ditch . 51 ext . desert - barbed wire fence - day 51 they ride along the fence during : earl here 's the plan ... we do not even stop . ride like hell . tonight we keep right on go . we will walk the horse . val that be the plan ... I mean , goddamn it ! what the hell be that thing ? how could they bury a entire plymouth station wagon ? earl why would they do it ? suddenly the horse stop short . in a frenzy they wheel around , rear up , refuse to go on . the cowboy fight to control they . val I know it ! pham Van would not know a decent horse if ...! but Earl 's already draw he rifle . earl shut up ! they get wind of something they do not like ! val oh shit ! he draw he rifle . they look wildly in all direction at once -- but there 's nothing , only empty desert . val ( cont would ) but I do not see anything ! they keep stare . the horse keep pace nervously . then -- Earl 's horse rear wildly and fall ! Earl go fly . Val wheel around wildly , dismount and run to Earl , who 's bruise and wind but basically unhurt . they think Earl 's horse just trip . val ( cont would ) hey , you okay ? you okay ? earl yeah ... yeah . ( turn to the horse ) what about the hor ...? they eye bulge . several " snake thing " have engulf the horse 's head , suck , crush , slurping . Val 's horse go berserk and gallop for the horizon . earl ( cont would ) what in the name ...? val that 's how they get you ! they be under the goddamn ground ! suddenly they realize what that mean -- the thing could come up under they !! the cowboy scramble frantically away . but nothing pursue they . they pause , glance back nervously . earl what the hell be they ? val son of bitch ! Val raise he rifle and take a well - aim shot , hit one of they . Orange goo spurt out . we hear a deafen shriek as all the " snake thing " instantly zip back underground . then -- a huge mound of earth rise up under val and earl !! the cowboy tumble down its side , Val lose he rifle . they roll over and stare dumbfounded at the mound . val ( cont would ) ( gasp ) there must be a million of they !! the mound of earth turn toward they . the ground split open and out rise -- a huge head ! earl ( awestruck ) nope ... just one . the monster be a horrendous thirty - foot long eat machine ! its head be eyeless , utterly alien , cover with tough boney plate which close together to form a cork - screw point . the cowboy stumble back toward the fence in speechless terror . the creature slide toward they , push through the earth like a whale through water . now it open its mouth -- but it 's like a grotesque flower , boney plate spread open like petal , revealing a huge , slimy , fleshy , ooze orifice ! and inside the mouth , a ghastly multi-tentacled tongue ! this be the " snake thing , " not snake at all but actually the horrid hook - tentacles that can shoot out six foot to snag they prey ! the monster snort and snuff , throw up plume of dust , sounding like a horrendous pig . it sink into the earth and charge ! we see the hump of earth move toward they faster and faster but then it disappear as the creature go deeper . Val and Earl leap sideways and run along the fence . the creature go straight and slam into a fencepost from below . all we see be the fencepost knock at a crazy angle . the cowboy keep run . the creature regroup and charge after they , hit each fencepost in turn , send weird sinuous shock wave along the barb wire , make almost musical twanging sound . Val look back . val it 's gain on we !! and as if that be not enough , Earl point to more trouble ahead . 52 ext . concrete ditch - day 52 the fence run straight to the edge of the ditch , a eight foot wide gap yawn dead ahead . the creature churn like a locomotive from behind . they will have to try to jump ! they strain desperately for every last fraction of speed . earl we can do it , we can do it ! they leap and -- they do not do it !! they smack into the opposite side of the ditch , claw frantically at the lip , only to tumble to its sloping bottom . a split second later the charge creature slam like a wreck ball into the foot - thick concrete wall ! the wall crack and bulge out ! a hook - tentacle flop out through one of the crack ! terrify Val and Earl scramble away . but the wall hold together . and the , strangely , all be quiet . the tentacle lay dead still . eventually , the cower cowboy dare to creep back a little closer , still panting , exhaust , jumpy . earl stupid son of a bitch ... knock itself cold . and now orange slime begin to ooze through the crack in the concrete . val cold , my ass ! it 's dead ! we kill the bastard ! he suddenly shake he fist at the dead beast . val ( cont would ) you fucker !! they allow themselves a small wheeze of nervous laughter , only to jump like rabbit as some pebble rattle loudly down the concrete wall behind they . they whirl to see Rhonda , up on the opposite side of the ditch , stare down at they . she 's lug a bunch of she equipment , include a small fold shovel . rhonda hi , guy , how're you do ? look , can I ask you something ? do you just notice something weird ? vibration ? you know , some kind of earth tremor ? Val and Earl look at each other , then burst out laugh . Rhonda spot the crack wall . rhonda ( cont would ) what 's that ? 53 ext . concrete ditch - day 53 the shattered concrete have be pull away to fully reveal the creature 's horrendous head . start close on it : ooze blood , slaver mouth plate hang open , hook -tentacles lolling out . widen to see Earl and Rhonda , sweat , dusty and tired , stare in awe and cring at the stench . earl Jesus Christ ... think it smell like that ' cause it 's dead ? rhonda I do not see any eye ... must be totally subterranean ... and that tentacles ... earl I think they shoot right outta its mouth , hook you , and pull you right in . good thing we stop it before it kill anybody else . rhonda ( shudder ) yeah , I be lucky it do not find I . ( overwhelm ) this be important , you know . this be like , well , let 's say it , it 's probably the biggest zoological discovery of the century . the century ? forget it . History . we can hear a shovel digging up above , and now Val shout : val ( v.o. ) I get it ! here 's the other end ! just look at what we catch here ! Earl and Rhonda climb up . crane up with they to reveal the whole animal ! Val , digging excitedly with Rhonda 's shovel , be just scraping away the last loose dirt from the creature 's tail . the whole length of the immense thirty foot beast be partially uncover , in king -size bas-relief . earl ( hushed ) this be one big mother ! val so this be the guy that have you seismos work overtime ? she nod , step down to study the creature . the body be stream -line , cigar -shape , maybe eight foot in diameter at its thickest . it 's cover with hundred of short , rear - point , retractable spike . Rhonda gingerly jiggle one . it can be push in and out of its socket like a plunger . rhonda ( cont would ) it must push itself along with this . hundred of they push at once . that 's how it can move so fast . I mean this thing be trip sensor all over the valley . no wonder I could not ... a chill think stop she in mid-sentence . she spring down into the drainage ditch to get she backpack , pull out she seismograph printout . she study they frantically during : earl hey , Rhonda , you ever hear of anything like this before ? val ( elbow Earl ) sure , Earl , everybody know about they . we just do not tell you . come on , nobody 's ever see one of this ! we be really in on something here ! the guy look at each other . one think immediately spring to they mind . earl pham Van do not get he mitt on this for no measly fifteen buck ! val you get that right ! while they bask in they fame - to - be , Rhonda continue to study the print-out , come to a terrifying conclusion . earl here 's the plan : we will get a ... a flatbe , I guess , with a big winch , figure a five ton anyway . val naw , do not want to winch it . that would tear it all up . want to lift it . some kind of crane with lift strap . but Rhonda interrupt -- now really scared . rhonda hey , hey , shut up ! the way I figure it . there be five more of this thing ! Val and Earl shut right up . Earl edge up a fencepost . Val sidle up onto a rock during : earl five more ? Rhonda paw through she unwieldy printout , point out jag ink line on the graph , compare different one . rhonda yeah , darn it , look . I have get seismographs all over the valley . if you compare the different reading , there have to be five . here 's one at two o'clock yesterday , but here 's another one three mile away at the same time . so that 's two . now , here ... the man leap from they perches and hustle she in the direction she come from . val we will take you word for it . earl yeah . where 's you truck ? rhonda the other side of that dome . she indicate what to most of we would be a hill , dot with huge boulder thrust out of the sandy desert soil like big mushroom . the trio jog toward the hill . 54 ext . desert - seismograph - day 54 en route to the truck , they pass near one of Rhonda 's seismographs . suddenly Earl stumble as one leg drop knee - deep into the ground ! he scream . Val wheel and bodily yank he up . they back away from the small hole in the ground , calming a little as they realize : earl prairie dog burrow ... val Little son of bitch . Rhonda tense as she hear a sound she know well -- the soft scratch of the seismograph needle across its paper cylinder . she whacks Val on the shoulder and point speechlessly at it . 55 insert - seismograph 55 the needle be go wild !! 56 back to scene 56 she do not have to explain . all three of they dash dash for : 57 ext . boulder field - day 57 the remain of a old rail fence lay beside one of the boulder . Val , Earl , and Rhonda scramble over the wood , up onto the rock and stand there tensely . in a moment , the creature gently rustle the earth at the base of the rock . the monster 's slimy hook - tentacles slither out , search the rock base . shudder , the human move as high as they can , well out of reach . the tentacles slip back beneath the earth . everyone breathes a sigh of relief . earl well , at least the bastard can not climb . pardon my french . rhonda probably could not move too easily on the surface . val God , the live one smell worse tan the dead one . earl okay , now , how far 's you truck ? Rhonda point . they can see the roof of she truck , maybe a hundred yard away through the boulder . Val and Earl think about it . val I do not know . if this one 's any faster than that other one ... earl ( nod ) I think we wait right here . dissolve to : 58 ext . boulder field - sunset 58 it 's hour later . stiff and uncomfortable , they have nothing to do but theorize . rhonda there 's nothing like they in the fossil record , I be sure ... okay , so they predate the fossil record ... ( not buy it herself ) that would make they a couple of billion year old ... and we have just never see one till now . right . earl I would vote for outer space . no way that be local boy . val ( joke ) Atomic testing . or , no , bio - engineering ! the government build they , a big surprise in the next war . there 's a long pause . Earl stare at the dirt around the rock . earl well ... have not see a sign for hour . maybe it 's long go . val maybe it be . why do not you take a little stroll and see ? earl fuck you , too . pardon my french . rhonda well , we have get to do something . Val get a idea . he grab a post from the dilapidate fence and cautiously slip down near the boulder 's edge . earl watch yourself ! it 's get a good six foot reach . Val nod . Dead silence as he reach way out with the post and scrape it on the ground . almost instantly the creature roar up , grab the post in a flurry of fly dirt and lash tentacles , nearly hook Val 's hand . Val practically fall over himself scramble back to safety . val Son of a bitch ! earl Son of a goddamn bitch ! be wait there all this time . how the hell 's it even know we be still here ? val it 's be listen to we . it 's get no eye . it sure as hell can not smell anything underground , so I figure ... Rhonda stare at Val , impressed . rhonda of course ! it can sense the slight seismic vibration ... hear every move we make . especially on this rock . it 's a perfect conductor . they all settle back , have no idea what to do next . Rhonda gaze out at the desert that surround they like a ocean . rhonda ( cont would ) I always want to be stick on a desert island . but somehow I always imagine , you know , water . dissolve to : 58a ext . boulder field - night 58a we heroes be silhouett against a huge , spectacular , desert night sky . after a very long pause : earl you know , I hate to be crude , but I be gonna have to take care of some business here . val ( emphatic ) I , too . rhonda ( just as emphatic ) same here . the silhouettes shift , Val and Earl move down one side of the rock , and Rhonda down the other . we can no longer see they . we just head zipper zipping down -- then soft sigh of relief from Val and Earl . then : rhonda ( v.o. ) ( softly ) darn it ! val ( v.o. ) you okay ? rhonda ( v.o. ) yeah . but I will tell you , if you ever want proof God be a man , this be it . dissolve to : 59 ext . boulder field - dawn 59 Rich orange sunlight creep silently across the deathly still desert . Earl be already awake . Val be curl up without he jacket , shiver . he wake with a start . where the hell 's he jacket ? Rhonda wake slowly . she 's surprised to find herself wrap in Val 's jacket . touched by he chivalry , she embarrassedly hand it to baffle Val . rhonda thanks . Val glance at Earl , who look away . who , I ? val ( to Rhonda ) no problem . anytime . Earl grope through he pocket , come up with only cigarettes . Val fish in he own pocket , find only they lighter . they exchange item and light up during : earl well , folk , what 's the plan ? val first let 's see if stumpy 's still out there . this time he toss a piece of wood out onto the sand . with soft rustling , a bulge form in the earth , move over to the wood , then subside . Rhonda start look around during : earl do not he have a home to go to ? val ( grim ) well , that 's why Edgar never get down off that tower . rhonda I might have a idea ... earl ( ignore she ) we be gonna have to come up with some kind of plan or it 's just gonna wait we to death . rhonda well , I be wonder if we could ... val well , let 's just run for it . we outran that one yesterday , at least on a sprint . Rhonda give up on they . she go over and pull a long cross rail from the fence during : earl run for it ? running 's not a plan . running be what you do when the plan fail . you be not even try to come up with a plan ! val well , it 's not like we have get a hell of a lot of option ... rhonda ( interrupt ) you guy know how to pole vault ? they watch in surprise as she heft she pole , check the balance , eyeball the distance to the nearest boulder . then she charge between they , plant she pole and vault smoothly over to the next boulder , maybe fifteen foot away . the creature surface where she pole touch down , but too late -- a hook tentacle vainly sweep the area , the disappear into the ground . Val and Earl glance at each other , impressed . rhonda ( cont would ) we just stay where it can not get we ... on this residual boulder . my truck 's park right next to one . Earl rush to grab a couple more fence rail . earl stay on that residual boulder ! Val just stand stare across at Rhonda -- he horizon be broaden . Earl stuff a fence rail into he hand . earl ( cont would ) ( pointedly ) tammy Lynn baxter , she do a lot of pole-vault ? Earl take a deep breath and go for it , vaulting across to Rhonda . Val follow . 60 ext . boulder field - wide shot - day 60 through the shimmer heat in the distance we see the strange sight of the three figure vaulting from boulder to boulder . 61 ext . boulder field - rhonda's truck - day 61 Val , Earl and Rhonda pole - vault they way toward the truck . finally they be at the nearest boulder , but the truck be still ten foot away . val think it 's still follow we ? rhonda let 's assume that it be . earl and once we hit that truck we gotta go fast . I say we all jump together . Rhonda and Val nod . Rhonda grip she car key in she tooth . rhonda ( through clench tooth ) ready ? val yeah . one , two , three ... they all vault in unison , landing in the truck bed . Rhonda scramble up , slide open the cab 's rear window , and begin wriggle through headfirst . earl ( whisper ) come on , girl , it be not gonna give we much time ... Dust explode around the rear of the truck ! hook-tentacle snake up on all side , narrowly miss Val . he and Earl grab whatever 's handy , pound at the tentacles with expensive instrument . val go ! go ! go ! Rhonda 's only half way through the cab window , still hang headfirst into the cab . she frantically start the truck , dive down and punch the accelerator with she fist . as the truck roar away , one tentacles manage to tear off the the muffler . the engine thunder like a tank . Val and Earl sit back , sighing in relief , then react when they see Rhonda be drive upside down and blind . 62 ext . pham van' store - day 62 Rhonda skid she noisy truck to a halt in front of pham van' . val we better get everybody together . Val leap out and jump into he pick - up truck . he search for the key . earl you go north , I will go south . val right . Val hold out he hand for the key . Earl toss it to he . Val drive off . we follow Rhonda and Earl as they drive the other way , toward Viola 's . earl I will bet you be sorry the college ever send you up here . rhonda well , I be scared , but I be not sorry . earl you know , Val go to that college , too . for a whole year . could not quite sit still for it , though . have too much vinegar in he system . but once he settles down , forget this cowboy stuff , he will be one in a million . Rhonda see straight through Earl 's clumsy attempt at match - make . she can not help but smile . Earl grin sheepishly . earl ( cont would ) all right , I be about as subtle as a donkey 's ass . pardon my french . I be just say the boy 's get potential , that 's all . move in on Rhonda -- she and Val ? 63 int . pham van' store - day 63 nestor , Viola , Nancy , and miguel nervously crowd around Val , Earl , and Rhonda . Viola hold she yappy dog which perio- dically snarl and snap at people . pham Van be on he cb radio try to contact burt and Heather . miguel you serious , Val ? you think we be not even safe here in town ? val ask I that after you meet one . I think we should all get the hell out while the get 's good . nestor why not just take a number ten pick axe and give it one good whack ...? val nestor , damn it , this thing be bigger than a airstream trailer ! nancy God , I have get to find mindy . Nancy rush out . earl hey , pham , where 's burt and Heather ? pham van ( hang up cb ) can not raise they . I guess they be still out there somewhere . rhonda if you have get a radio , why be not you call somebody in bixby ? the police or ... pham van can not reach outside the valley . you know , because of the mountain . miguel hey , Rhonda , what 's the name you call that thing , huh ? pham van where would they come from ? rhonda huh ? I do not know . pham van you be a scientist , right ? viola you should have a theory at least . rhonda look , this thing be absolutely unprecedented ! nestor yeah , but where would they come from ? rhonda ( exasperate ) where would they come from ? okay , worm , probably in the jurassic period . cosmic radiation be much higher then ... so they mutate ... and they get so big they just sink right into the ground and fall asleep ... but now continental drift have bring they to the surface , ready to be harvest by the ancient alien meat grower who plant they here . everybody stare at she , then they smile , realize she 's pull they leg . earl you be right , do not matter where they come from . val right . we need to be talk about what we be gonna do . viola my goodness , Valentine , once they see the road be out and the phone line be down , someone will be along to look in on we . do not you think ? 64 ext . canyon road - day 64 we see the utility truck still park near the landslide block the road . reveal , on the far side , a telephone maintenance truck be now park , emergency light flash -- and nearby , amid phoneworker ' climb and repair gear , two more hard hat lie on blood - soak ground . 65 int . pham van' store - day 65 the crowd be still jabber away . Rhonda speak over they : rhonda no no no , they listen ! they can sense the slight vibration through the ground . that 's how they see ! that 's how they hunt ! miguel so , like we do not vibrate , right ? maybe they will not even come to here , huh ? maybe they leave we alone . Val shake he head , and march over to the topographic map on the wall . val they catch up with Edgar here . they grab Old Fred here . they nail the asshole dog here . and the doctor 's place be here ... the spot he indicate describe a line lead along the valley straight toward town . val ( cont would ) this valley 's just one long smorgasbord and if we do not haul ass outta here we be the next course . we hear a a eerie shriek from outside . something shoot in through the window , strike Earl in the chest !! Earl flail frantically at it -- but it 's only melvin 's basketball . we glimpse melvin outside , double over with laughter . Earl grab the ball and hurl it viciously back , but melvin easily dodge it . earl you little ass wipe ! you knock that off or you be gonna be shitting that basketball ! pardon my french . nestor ( to Val ) now , Val , let 's assume they be as dangerous as you say . where be we go to go that 's safer than right here ? val Rhonda 's get a idea about that . rhonda yes , see , they move very easily through the pleistocene alluvial ... ( off they blank look ) ... the dirt ... the loose soil that make up the valley floor . but they can not move through solid rock . I think we should travel west to the mountain . earl you know , up the jeep trail . rhonda the mountain be solid granite . we would be safe there , and we could hike along they ... all the way to bixby if we have to . 66 ext . edge of town - day 66 Nancy rush back toward pham Van 's , still look . nancy mindy ! mindy ! 67 ext . pham van' store - day 67 we be close on melvin as he circle around the back of pham Van 's , bounce he basketball , mischief in he eye . we can hear the townsfolk inside . viola ( v.o. ) no , Valentine , I be not leave my place . val ( v.o. ) well , it 's gonna take we day to get back with help . earl ( v.o. ) doggone it , Viola , it 's just plain crazy to stay . then , to melvin 's astonishment , the steady rhythm of he bounce basketball suddenly stop . the ball just go flup and do not bounce back up to he . he look down . no ball ! just swirl dust at he foot . 68 int . pham van' store - day 68 everyone jump as we once more hear a ear-shatter shriek from melvin . Earl snarl and head for the door , Val right behind they . earl I be gonna kick he ass ! val I be gonna help you . 69 ext . pham van' store - day 69 Val and Earl be well ahead of the other townsfolk as they march around to the side of pham van' . but where 's melvin ? nothing out here but the oppressive , hot desert silence . then they hear a soft shudder whimper -- from above . there 's terrify melvin , halfway up a telephone pole , cling to it desperately . Val and Earl freeze in they track and glance at each other , realize instantly what 's up . without a word they leap desperately in opposite direction . like a breach whale , a creature roar up through the earth right where they be stand , great mouth gape open , slimy tentacles lash in all direction . the townsfolk scatter , some head for they home , include Viola and nestor . other scramble over each other as they pile back into pham van' . the telephone pole shudder . melvin fall and scamper for the nearest hide place , a corrugate tin storage shed near pham van' . 70 int . pham van' store - day 70 Val , Earl , Rhonda , miguel , and pham Van rush in . miguel Jesus Christ ! man , you gut a gun ?! pham van Big as a house ! what be we gonna do ...?! rhonda quiet ! quiet !! miguel and pham shut up . then we hear something new -- the building itself creak and groan like a ship . the liquor bottle behind pham Van 's bar vibrate and clink . the creature be move beneath the building . the people freeze like mannequin . now we can hear its pig-like snort . pham Van and miguel react as the awful smell percolate up through the floorboard . Val signal they to keep quiet . finally , the creak stop . Rhonda address the group in a intense whisper : rhonda remember ... no noise . no vibration . everyone stand stock still -- and sweat . but , then , slowly we become aware of a faint , yet oddly familiar sound . squeak , squeak , squeak -- mindy on she pogo stick ! they all scramble to the window . 71 ext . MAIN STREET - day 71 there she be , alone in the vacant street , walkman blaring in she ear , merrily bounce along to a rock and ' roll beat . 72 angle - pham van' store 72 thought of personal safety vanish as the horrify people lean way out the door and window and shout with one voice : crowd ( ad lib ) mindy ! get off you pogo stick ! get in here , girl ! run , mindy ! 73 angle - mindy 73 she can not hear they over she walkman . a tell - tale puff of dust spurt up not fifty foot from she ! 74 angle - pham van' store 74 Val see mindy have only second leave ! he vault straight out the window and charge toward she ! right behind he come Earl and Rhonda . 75 angle - nancy 75 as she round a corner at the opposite end of town . she spot mindy , then see Val run . she start run . nancy mindy ! mindy ! 76 angle - mindy 76 she 's lazily bounce in circle -- squeak , squeak , squeak . she go wide - eye as she rotate to see Val come at she like a mad bull , arm outstretch . the asphalt under she pogo stick crack and -- Val tackle she , both of they tumble head over heel . she scramble up , rub she skinned elbow and yell : mindy oww ! Val , you hurt I ...! Val clap he hand over she mouth . she go wide eye as she see : she pogo stick stand straight up in the crack asphalt ! then it be suck down like so much spaghetti ! Nancy rush into frame , hugging mindy . Val signal she to be quiet . they sit uneasily . where 's the creature ? suddenly the pogo stick erupt out of the earth right in they midst ! Val run one way , Nancy and mindy the other , head up the street toward they house . Val scramble up onto he pick - up truck ! the creature ram the truck , rupture a tire . as it shake the truck violently , Val spot Rhonda and Earl , now stand uncertainly halfway between he and pham van' . val go back , for chrissake ! Rhonda and Earl hesitate . earl we gotta get he off there . it will suck that truck down ! but Earl now hear something behind they ! down the street , a little wall of cinder block frame Viola 's driveway suddenly topple over . earl oh , Jesus . Rhonda , another one ! 77 angle - low camera - rhonda and earl 77 camera charge toward they . Earl swerve toward pham van' , but Rhonda be cut off ! she head toward the next nearest haven : 78 ext . storage shed - day 78 the storage shed where melvin be hide . it sit in a vacant , weed - choke lot . crash through the weed , Rhonda have almost reach the shed when she be suddenly bring up short and slam face down in a cloud of dust ! she can not get up !! something 's get she ! she 's catch in a old rusted barb wire fence , lie almost flat , hide in the weed . some strand have come loose and be curl up like vicious concertina wire . barely have she take this in when -- the ground cave in under she ! she roll wildly to one side as hook - tentacles snake up , miss she by inch ! she keep roll - crawl - scramble -- anything to get away from the awful maw -- but get she leg hopelessly tangle in the barb wire . she freeze . the creature feel around where she be . she calm herself , pull gingerly at the wire , work tensely to free herself but -- the creature 's mouth slam shut on the fence . like a spider sense something catch in its web , the monster know it 's on to something . its hook -tentacles shoot forward to snare three foot of fence , then the creature lunge up and out , swallow that three foot in a big " gulp " and yanking Rhonda violently toward it ! she scream , pants rip , leg slashed and bleed ! gulp ! she 's drag even closer . 79 ext . MAIN STREET - the pick - up - day 79 the truck shake and shimmy as Val 's creature try to pull it down . Val see that Rhonda 's in trouble . he search frantically for a weapon -- and find one -- a chain saw ! he leap as far from the truck as he can and hit the ground run , yanking furiously on the see 's starter cord . 80 ext . storage shed - day 80 Rhonda be in a dead panic , thrashing helplessly in the barb wire . the beast take another gulp of fence , wrenching she within inch of a probing hook - tentacle ! suddenly we hear a nasty roar as Val 's chain see swing in , slice the squirm - ing tentacle in half , spraying gore everywhere ! the creature unleash a unearthly shriek , and the other tentacles recoil . the severe one writhes like a behead snake . Val yank off Rhonda 's boot . val come on ! outta you pants ! she frantically claw at she belt . but in mere second : rhonda ( point ) look out ! tentacles snake out to regain they grip on the fence . Val grab the see and start slashing wildly , but this time the hook -tentacles snag it and wrench it from he grasp . it slam to the ground , motor die . the monster ready itself for the lunge that will suck Rhonda in . Val grab she under the arm and pull . Rhonda wriggle wildly to get out of she wire enmesh pants . the creature lunge ! Rhonda pull free ! she and Val tumble backward . the creature get only a mouthful of Rhonda 's jeans . the next instant the second creature explode up through the ground right next to fall Val and Rhonda ! they roll sideways , come up run , and sprint for pham Van 's along a old wooden sidewalk . 81 ext . pham van' store - day 81 Earl fling open the front door . Val and Rhonda race toward the porch . right on they heel the creature ripple the board like a ocean wave ! earl come on ! come on ! do not look back ! just run ! run like scream fuck ! they dive through the open door of pham van' . the rippling board zoom on past it . Earl quickly ease the door shut . 82 int . pham van' store - day 82 Earl turn to breathless Rhonda . earl ( whisper ) pardon my french . dissolve to : 83 int . pham van' store - later 83 it 's a tense , edgy group . every movement make be in slow motion , every word be a whisper . they gaze grimly out the window at the silent , desert , heat - shimmer main street . Val gingerly dab iodine onto the cut on Rhonda 's leg . she do not even wince . val you pay attention ? this oughta hurt like hell . rhonda it do . she smile at he . rhonda ( cont would ) so , be that one of you usual job , save people ' life ? val ( embarrassed ) first time for I . she gaze at he . he look away . over at the bar , pham hold up a new pair of pants for Rhonda . rhonda oh , thank you . grateful for something to do , Val ease over to get the pants . Rhonda look after he . then she become aware of someone stare at she . it 's Earl , give she a big cheshire cat grin that say " what do I tell you ? " pham hand the pants to Val . then pham and miguel reach simultaneously for a sod bottle and -- knock it over ! it roll all the way down the bar as a flurry of desperate hand try to stop it . no good . it roll off the end and -- crash ! everyone freeze . sure enough the building shudder . floor board creak and bend as search tentacles thump and scrape along under the floor . people close they eye , not even breathe . finally the noise subside . everyone relax -- a little . miguel so what be we gonna do , you know ? how long till they go away ? earl ( shake he head ) they get the patience of job . they just sit and goddamn wait till they hear something that sound like lunch . we need a plan . pham van I have get a plan . you and Val take you truck , get to the mountain . hike to bixby . get we some help . val that scumsucker be my radial , pham ! rhonda well , we can take my truck then . earl no good . you need major four - wheel - drive just to get up that jeep trail . they all shut up when they hear Viola 's dog yapping in the distance . 84 ext . viola' trailer - day 84 up the hill across from pham Van 's , the old trailer look perfectly peaceful . except Viola 's dog keep yapping . then we hear panicked Viola . viola ( v.o. ) quiet ! quiet you hateful thing ...! 85 int . pham van' store - day 85 earl shut it up ! shut the little bastard up ! val Chuck he out the door ! like a little hor d'oeuvre . int . viola' trailer - day we hear a loud whap ! the dog 's bark simply change to pierce yelp . it would be funny except -- the trailer suddenly buck upward , hit from below as though by a pile driver ! again and again the unseen creature slam into the frail structure . viola ( v.o. ) get away ! get away ! oh God in heaven , help I ! the trailer be finally knock right off its foundation ! it tip over and tumble all the way down the hill ! as the dust clear , all be silent . a huge hole be tear in the trailer 's floor . Viola 's possession be scattered everywhere . 86 int . pham van' store - day 86 everyone stare in shock . rhonda oh my God . earl Son of a bitchin ' lowlife , putrid , scum ... val gotta do something . gotta get the bastard ! miguel ( hopeless ) man , what the hell can we do to that thing ? earl well , we be sure as hell not go to sit here be quiet for God know how long . be we ? pham van now wait a minute , Earl . I get enough food here to last we for week . that damn thing can not wait around forever . ( pause ) we can do it . I mean , if we have to , right ? everyone turn away from the window , gingerly sit down , glumly ponder this possibility . there be a long silence . then suddenly -- roar ! the silence be shattered as pham Van 's big freezer compressor suddenly come on . earl Jesus ! shut it off ! pham run to the freezer . its on / off switch be bury behind stack of soft-drink case . he tear at they like a madman , toppling they this way and that . Earl and Val join he . but right behind pham , the floor buckle up , a monster 's snout bursting through and engulf one of he leg ! the creature start to back down into the jag hole , drag scream pham with it . Val , Earl , Rhonda , and miguel grab pham 's arm but be no match for the monster . it shake and spin he like some gigantic dog , effortlessly throw they off , relentlessly pull pham down . the hole in the floor be too small for pham to fit through ! as one leg go down , the other be bent hideously backward . pham scream and scream as jag wood tear into he , bone snap , rib crack . the other grab he again but be utterly helpless . with vicious , powerful jerk the creature yank he man mangle body down . the last thing we see be he foot , now fold back past he head , and he 's go . Val be wild with helpless anger . val Son of a bitch ! Son of a bitch ! the floor bulge up in another place ! a second creature ! then a third , come right up under they ! Earl sprawl onto the bar . Rhonda spring onto the shelf in the middle of the store , knock grocery everywhere . Val and miguel climb up shelf which cover the rear wall of the store . the whole building shake and shudder , dust powder down from the ceiling . flail tentacles be everywhere , slashing open food package ; cloud of flour fill the air ! Val spot a hatch in the ceiling . val everybody ! this way ! the roof ! Earl leap from the bar to the rear shelf . Val and miguel slide sideways till they be beneath the hatch , then use the shelf as a ladder , climb up to the hatch . Val pound on it frantically . in the middle of the store , Rhonda leap from shelf to shelf , try to get closer to where Val be . soon she reach the last one , balance precariously . but a creature tip over the first one ! the shelf topple like domino , crash toward Rhonda . she be half catapult , half jump right through a open window , rip through the screen . Val see what 's happen . with maniacal strength he smashes open the hatch and climb out onto -- 87 ext . pham van be store - roof - day 87 Val rush to the edge of the roof shouting : val Rhonda ! keep move . do not stop ! he look down where Rhonda fall . she 's not there . he hear a whistle and be relieved to see : 88 ext . water tower - day 88 Rhonda be perch as high as she can get on the water tower near pham van' . it 's maybe twenty - five foot tall , a simple wood frame hold a big galvanize tank . the wooden leg stand on big concrete anchor bury in the ground . 89 ext . storage shed - day 89 melvin peer terrify out the shed door , up at the guy on pham Van 's roof . melvin hey ! what 's go on , man ?! what the hell you do up there ...?! miguel melvin , shut the hell up ! it 's too late . wham ! a creature strike . the little shed shudder , dust puffing from every old seam . in a split second melvin have climb to the shed roof . 90 ext . nancy'' house - day 90 Nancy and mindy peer to the window , surprised to see the man on pham Van 's roof . 91 ext . perfection - wide - day 91 we hear Val 's shouting to the remain townsfolk . val Nancy ! nestor ! 92 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 92 val get up on you roof ! on you roof ! they can come through the floor ! the store shake and shimmy . we hear the monster 's thunderous crash from below . earl can not you shout a little quieter ? 93 ext . burt & heather' house - day 93 burt and Heather 's place , about a mile from town , be no - nonsense , functional , ugly -- unpaint concrete wall , no yard , chain - link fence . burt and Heather drive up in they big blazer and park right beside the house . hot and tired , they climb out , each carry a heavy , scope hunt rifle . burt peer toward perfection through binocular during : heather I can not believe it . no track , no sign , no spoor . burt yeah , whatever they be , you would think after they eat all that sheep they would have to take a dump someplace ... ( react to what he see ) what the hell 's go on in town ? 94 ext . perfection - telephoto - burth p.o.v . - day 94 the town be a very strange sight . it 's as though a invisible flood be in progress , drive people to high ground . we see : Rhonda perch on the water tower ; Val , Earl and miguel on the store roof ; Nancy and mindy on they roof ; melvin on the storage shed ; nestor on he roof . 95 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 95 Val , Earl and miguel gaze out at the town , try to concoct a plan . suddenly Earl perk up . the man speak softly . earl hey , here 's the plan : nestor 's cadillac . his tire be nine hundred sixteen . we sprint for it , grab the spare , put it on we truck with we spare . Val stare at he , incredulous . val how the hell long it take you to change a tire ? earl ( sigh ) just about too damn long . bolt pattern 's probably wrong anyway . val we need another plan . suddenly , down in the store , pham Van 's cb radio squawk loudly . burt ( v.o. ) yo , p.v. , burt here . come back . the building shudder as the creature again smash through the floor inside , look for the source of the noise . Val , Earl and miguel scramble to the edge of the roof . 96 ext . pham van' store - day 96 the cb radio sit on a shelf near a open window . tentacles be feel along the wall just below it . Val appear out - side the window -- upside - down . he snatch the radio and be haul straight up out of frame . burt ( v.o. ) pham ? anybody copy ? 97 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 97 miguel and Earl haul Val by the foot back up onto the roof . Val quickly turn down the cb volume . val ( whisper into mic ) burt , now listen . we find out what 's be kill people . over ? 98 int . burt & heather be house - basement - day 98 a peculiar cross between bomb shelter and blue-collar de , burt 's wood - panele basement have all the comfort for post - apocalypse live . burt talk on he cb . burt negative copy on that , pham , check you frequency . I be on forty -nine . val ( v.o. ) ( a little louder ) burt , can you hear I now ? burt just barely , pham . what be you all do up on you roof . what the hell 's go on ? come back . a few foot away Heather work at they ammunition reloading bench . she dump a few hundred empty cartridge case into a case cleaner and switch it on . it hum loudly as it vibrate . 99 int . pham van' store - day 99 the grop tentacles swiftly suck back below the floor . tilt up to see out the window some distance away , a couple of old trash can topple over as the creature streak past beneath they , make a bee-line for burt 's . 100 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 100 miguel point frantically at the trash can . miguel oh man , they be go , man ! I think they be go for burt ! Val talk a little louder into the mic . intercut as need . val burt ! this be Val ! get out of you basement !! take you radio ! you and Heather get up on you roof ! then we will talk , okay ?! burt ( v.o. ) Val ? what the hell you do back already ? val ( shout ) burt , get out ! get up on you roof or someplace ! we find out what 's be kill people ! they be under the ground ! burt ( v.o. ) what 's under the ground ? we be not get up on the roof . Earth shelter 's the best . known that since I be a kid . val listen ! listen ! we know what they be ! they be big thing under the ground ! much bigger than we think ! they be come after you ! they be come right now ! 101 int . burt & heather be house - basement - day 101 hear that warning , burt and Heather go into a well - hone drill . they grab they hunt rifle and take position at basement window . burt scan with the binocular . he see nothing . he glance at Heather . she shrug . nobody come . burt ( into cb ) we do not see anything , Val . now what the hell be you talk about ? over . Val be frantic . how do you explain this thing ? val ( v.o. ) they be come underground ! they ... they can dig like a son of a bitch ... Big monster under the ground , burt ! now get the hell out ! hurry ! burt and Heather exchange look . have Val go nut ? then they hear a low rumble , grow louder and louder . tool hang over the work bench start to shake ; the decorative cow skull on the wall rattle ; the overhead light sway -- and then -- everything stop . Dead silence , except for the hum of the case cleaner . then the wall move !! the wood panele bulge slightly . Nails pop out . the wall be push again ; the panele crack . a cow skull fall . burt and Heather level they rifle and -- a huge creature push right through the wall ! fully half its bulbous , spike body writhes into the center of the room , great multi-part jaw drool open , hook -tentacles lash out . 102 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 102 the three man can hear the chaos over the cb . burt ( v.o. ) Jesus chri ...! the cb go dead . the man stare numbly . then , drift across the desert , a soft pop sound . the man perk up ; they know what it be -- distant gunfire . 103 int . burt & heather be house - basement - day 103 the gunfire be deafening as burt and Heather blast away . globby blood spurt from a dozen wound , and the creature pull back a little . the couple keep fire until magazine be empty . the creature lunge forward again . pan with burt and Heather to reveal a wall of the basement we have not see until now -- a wall cover with gun -- hand gun , long gun , riot gun , flare gun , antique gun , military gun , elephant gun . Heather grab a hk - 91 assault rifle , slam in two magazine , bottom tape end to end , and open fire ! a hook -tentacle snag she boot , yanking she right off she foot . burt pump out eight devastating blast from a twelve - gauge riot gun , sever the tentacle . Heather be on she foot in a instant . she expertly flop she double magazine over , load the full one tape upside - down to it , and open fire again . burt grab a ar - 15 semi-auto and join she . they lay down massive fire , virtually disappear in muzzle flash and smoke . ejected shell case clatter and clang all around the room . the gun be empty . the creature be still coming ! they back down the wall , desperately grab weapon one after another : a lever-action , a magnum handgun , even a flare gun which Heather fire right into the creature 's mouth . shriek in pain , the horrid thing thing keep wriggling toward they ! burt and Heather scramble up over a desk to keep something between they and it . burt smashes open a fancy glass case hold a huge four- gauge elephant gun . he slam in two gigantic cartridge nearly a inch in diameter . he fire . the concussion literally shake the building . the recoil slam burt back against the wall . the monster bullet tear monster hole in the monster . great gout of curdle blood spew from it -- burt hit a artery or something . the beast convulse grotesquely , then collapse , deflate like a beach whale . burt and Heather stagger together and hug each other fervently . they stare dumbfounded at the massive dead horror . burt suddenly shout vehemently : burt break into the wrong goddamn rec room , do not you , you bastard ! 104 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 104 Val , Earl and miguel listen to the silence hope for some sign that they friend be alive . suddenly : burt ( v.o. filter ) we kill it ! you get that ? we kill that motherfucker ! come back ! it take a moment for this to sink in , then the man cheer -- as quietly as possible . val uh... roger that , burt . uh , congratulation . uh , be advise , however , there be four more , repeat , four more motherfucker . come back . 105 ext . burt & heather be house - roof - day 105 burt and Heather dash out onto the roof , laden with weapon , ammo box and they cb radio . they hit the deck , assort rifle and the elephant gun the ready . 106 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 106 Val shout to everyone : val they get one ! they kill one of the son of bitch ! 107 ext . storage shed - roof - day 107 melvin pump he fist in the air . melvin Way to go , dude ! 108 ext . the sterngood house - roof - day 108 Nancy and mindy hug each other . 109 ext . nestor be house - roof - day 109 perched on he Spanish tile roof , nestor pour coffee from he thermos and raise he cup in a toast . 110 ext . water tower - day 110 Rhonda let out a whoop . 111 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 111 the man sit , temporarily jubilant . earl well , I guess we do not get to make fun of burt 's lifestyle anymore , huh ? Val grab the cb mic . val burt , any chance you can get the rest of they ? 112 ext . burt & heather be house - roof - day 112 burt and Heather peer from they fortress - like roof . burt spot earth bulg up near the foundation of he house . burt ( into cb ) one second , Val . he grab the elephant gun and take two well - aim shot -- two deafen boom which echo off the distant mountain . but the bullet bury themselves harmlessly in the dirt . the bulge in the dirt move calmly away and sink from view . Heather shake she head . heather you be not get any penetration , even with the elephant gun . burt damn ! ( into cb ) Val , we can not get they . never figure on have to shoot through dirt ! best goddamn bullet stop there be . come back . 113 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 113 the man be disappointed . that 's not what they want to hear from burt . then Earl perk up and grab the cb mic . earl ( into cb ) okay , burt , listen . forget shoot they . tell I this : can you get to you truck ? burt ( v.o. ) no problem . earl good . you have get the only truck in the valley that can make it up that damn jeep trail . so , here 's the plan : you and Heather go for help . get to the mountain ... but Rhonda interrupt , point urgently from the water tower . rhonda hey , guy ! they be up to something . Val , Earl and miguel rush to the edge of the roof and look down where she 's point -- a creature be run its tentacles along the building 's foundation . it 's a strange , more study movement than we have see before . val ( to Rhonda ) what 's it do ? rhonda why do you all keep ask I ? they all stare nervously down as the tentacles feel they way along the wall , move toward a corner of the building . suddenly miguel spot something down the next wall . miguel hey , there 's another one come ! another set of tentacles be feel along the adjacent wall . the two creature meet at the corner , they tentacles touch - ing rather like ant ' antennae . they they submerge ; tenta - cle zipping into the earth . nothing happen for a moment . then the corner of the building suddenly heave up a couple of foot . clapboard siding split . a warpe window shatter . ( we do not see the creature , only the effect of they shove from below ) . the man nearly lose they balance . then the corner sink back down . earl what the hell be that all about ? 114 ext . nancy'' house - day 114 Nancy and mindy be still huddle on the roof . they do not make a sound . they be startle when the house suddenly groan and tilt as creature give it a tentative shove . Nancy and mindy frantically cling to the peak of the smooth roof . the picture window shatter . we hear beam pop and crack , dish crash off shelf . the front screen door swing open . at last the house slowly settles back down . 115 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 115 the man be watch Nancy 's house tensely . miguel they be not make no noise . why they bother they for ? val ( mind racing ) they be study the building ... try to figure they out . Rhonda chime in from the water tower . rhonda yeah , they be confuse . they can feel we vibration , but they can not find we . val they be work together , too . earl yeah , like they get a plan ... burt ( v.o. ) breaker there , Earl . what do you want we to do ? earl ( into cb ) hang on , burt . the bastard be up to something . 116 ext . nestor be house - roof - day 116 straddle the peak of he steeply sloping roof . nestor grab on in panic as the creature lift the place up slowly ! the roof warp , Spanish tile shatter and rain down on the ground . this cause a flurry of activity . tentacles snake around where the tile fall . we hear creature crash through inside , snort and huffing . they attack the house in earnest , shaking it violently , push the front wall out till it fall flat . the roof collapse on that side ! nestor can not hang on ! he slide all the way down , landing across a window on the flatten wall . the next instant he 's grab and pull through the window , right into the ground . he scream ! dolly along the ground , head toward the storage shed where melvin be . all we can see be dirt , but we can still hear nestor scream underground ! his scream get more and more faint as dolly end on : 117 ext . storage shed - day 117 close on horrify melvin as he rock back and forth autistically . melvin oh , wow , man ! no way ! no fuck way , man ...! 118 ext . nancy'' house - roof - day 118 Nancy comfort mindy . 119 ext . water tower - day 119 Rhonda turn away . 120 ext . pham can be store - roof - day 120 Val , Earl and miguel stare in horror and disbelief . miguel cross himself . they be in worse trouble than they think . val they knock he place down on purpose , man . they be gonna tear this whole town out from under we ! 121 ext . burt & heather' house - day 121 burt and Heather 's truck be park in foreground . the couple be up on the roof in background . burt prowl along the edge of the roof with the elephant gun . Heather man the c.b. val ( v.o. ) burt ! Heather ! heather yeah , Val . val ( v.o. ) we be in deep shit over here . let 's change that plan . a hump of dirt raise near the base of the house . burt jerk the rifle to he shoulder and squeeze off a shot . the hump move away from the house . heather knock it off , burt ! burt I think I scared it ! val ( v.o. ) forget go for help . we will all be dead long before you get back . still move away , the hump of dirt pass under the side - walk , rippling the flagstone gently . heather ( into cb ) we be here , Val . just tell we what you need . come back . val ( v.o. ) they be tear down the house here ! we all gotta get outta here together ! now ! the hump of dirt pass under burt and Heather 's truck , rock the vehicle slightly . heather we be with you , Val . we will come get everybody . just hang on tight . the truck 's security alarm start booping ! burt and Heather stare down helplessly as the noisy truck be furiously attack by the frenzied creature . Dust fly as metal rip and tire shred . 122 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 122 Val Earl and miguel listen in disbelief to the distant truck alarm . it finally sputter and die . heather ( v.o. ) Val , we be go to have to forget about the truck ... val ( into cb ) yeah , Heather , we get you . they have hit rock-bottom . they sit in helpless , desperate silence . over on the storage shed roof , melvin be lose it : melvin hey , you better think of something , man ! you gotta do something ! earl who ? melvin you and Val , man ! miguel nod in agreement . Val and Earl stare at he , incredulous . val what ?!! since when the hell 's every goddamn thing up to we ?! rhonda ( flatly ) you guy do all the odd job . Val just stare at she . then -- crash ! the store shudder , creak , and groan . the creature be back . one corner of the store lift up , beam splintering . then another corner lift up ! the roof tilt like the deck of a storm - toss ship . from now on the monster shake and ram the building almost constantly . hanging on tight , the man peer over the edge . earl we do not have a hell of a lot of time here . meanwhile , Rhonda try she desperate best to be logical : rhonda look , the situation have not change . we still have to get to solid rock . there must be some way ! val ( shout , angry ) like what ?! there 's nothing leave that will make it to the mountain ! miguel hey , Val , quiet , man ! val we need a helicopter be what we need , or a goddamn tank ... earl wait a minute ... the cat. could we take the cat ? val ( dubious ) Jesus . it 's slower than hell . earl yeah , but it weigh better than thirty ton . no way they could stop it . miguel we can not all fit on that bulldozer . but Val be warming to the idea . val but ... we could pull something ! we could , I do not know , drag a car behind it ! earl a car , huh ? like a big armored car ? need something bigger , tougher ... we truck maybe ... or , hell , that old semi trailer ! val its tire be flat ... earl do not matter . the cat can pull anything . val well ... all right ! we just roll on out of here ! earl we get a plan ! they squint at the bulldozer -- ' way in the distance . earl ( cont would ) ' course , that 's one helluva long walk . they stare grimly , momentarily stick for a idea . then : rhonda listen , they only respond to vibration , right ? could not we ... distract they somehow ? val yeah , good ! something to keep they busy . we need a decoy . earl hey , melvin , you wanna make a buck ? melvin fuck you ! miguel grab Earl and point down at little garden tractor in a jumble of pham Van 's equipment and tool near the side of the store . miguel hey , how about the tractor ? start he up . let he go by itself . let that thing chase it all over be they like that noise . earl ( nodd ) not bad . ( to Val ) what do you think ? the store take a heavy hit . the front porch collapse with a terrific crash . val I think the ground 's get closer . I think we do it . we be gonna save we ass here ! rhonda wait ! how be you go to know they be all follow it ? val good point . earl we get two right here . Val scramble to the high point of the sagging roof and shout to Nancy . val ( cont would ) Nancy , we gotta find all four of they . how many you get over there ? 123 ext . nancy'' house - roof - day 123 the house shudder and shaking . nancy there 's one . I think one . 124 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 124 Earl grab the cb mic . earl ( into cb ) burt , Heather , we get a little sort of a plan go here , maybe . can you tell if you have still get any of that thing out at you place ? come back . 125 ext . burt & heather be house - roof - day 125 burt ( into cb ) yeah , still get one poke around . earl ( v.o. ) that 's four . let we know if it start move , burt . burt Roger that . 126 ext . pham van' store - tractor - day 126 Val and Earl have lower miguel down to a window sill right above the garden tractor . he have use he kerchief to tie the steering wheel to keep the front wheel straight . he jam the throttle open and signal thumb - up to Val and Earl above . 127 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 127 Val and Earl stride purposefully toward the opposite end of the roof . realizing they have the same idea , each one try to edge ahead of the other . val I be make the run to the cat . earl like hell you be . val get real . I be faster than you . earl I be best at drive the cat . val only if something happen to I . earl ( cont would ) look , you would better listen . I be older and wiser . val yeah , well , you be half right . Earl raise a fist : the challenge . they do scissors - rock - paper . one , two , three . Val lose . val ( cont would ) damn . guess I have to do it . earl ( shake he head ) I win . I pick who do it . Val glare at he . Earl 's obviously determine . earl ( cont would ) ready when you be , miguel ! Earl position himself , nervous as hell , ready to leap at the right moment . 128 ext . pham van' store - tractor - day 128 miguel lean out precariously and pull the tractor 's starter cord . nothing . on the second try it start . he slam it into gear and send it out toward open desert . the store shake under miguel , almost knock he off the window sill , as two hump of dirt pursue the noisy tractor . miguel there they go ! they be chase it ! 129 ext . nancy'' house - day 129 a " spout " of dust erupt near the foundation as the creature beneath zoom away toward the new sound . Nancy whisper : nancy it 's go ... ( then shout ) there go this one ! it 's go ! 130 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 130 the cb radio squawk : burt ( v.o. ) hey , this guy just take off like a shot . what would you people do ? Earl be poise to leap . Val step up and slap he on the back . val watch you ass , shithead . earl do not worry about I , jerkoff . Val instantly elbow Earl hard in the stomach . as Earl double over , Val spring off the edge of the roof . earl ( cont would ) you goddamn suicidal son of a bitch ! we see Val run for all he 's worth -- and there 's the bulldozer at the edge of town a long way away . 131 ext . desert - day 131 low camera pursue the garden tractor as it bounce along . 132 ext . perfection - day 132 Val charge across the vast open area that separate he from the bulldozer . we can hear the tractor dron along in the background . 133 ext . desert - day 133 the tractor suddenly take a bad bounce and flip over ! the engine die . total silence . 134 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 134 Earl , Rhonda and miguel have see the tractor take a header . earl oh my God ! 135 ext . edge of town - val - day 135 Val 's crunching boot seem incredibly loud in the sudden silence . he hesitates , glance over he shoulder . he 's totally out in the open , halfway to the bulldozer . should he run back or go forward ? he decide to go for the bulldozer . 136 ext . desert - day 136 all four creature be now head for Val . intercut four slightly different low camera angle speed over the ground , racing after he . he strain to the limit , breath come in painful rasp -- but the creature be close in on he with chill ease . 137 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 137 everyone watch in horror . earl he will never make it ! they be gonna get he ! rhonda ( yell ) val , stop ! they 're coming ! don ' T move ! 138 ext . edge of town - val - day 138 Val hear she and stop dead . so do the creature . maybe twenty foot away , they giant snout poke up out of the ground : one , two , three , four . Val stand tremble . the creature softly shuffle back and forth , search blindly for he , hook -tentacles feel everywhere . one tentacle sweep toward Val 's boot . he manage to lift he foot just in time , let the tentacle pass beneath it . he balance precariously like a flamingo . 139 ext . pham van be store - roof - day 139 earl it work ! they can not find he ! ( pause ) okay , okay ...uh ... we gotta make some noise ... a lot of noise ! hey , you sorry son of bitch , come and get I ...!!!! he start jump noisily up and down . miguel join in , cursing the monster in Spanish . 139a ext . water tower - day 139a Rhonda kick and shout . but it 's obvious they need some - thing louder . she spot the aging outlet pipe come from the water tank . brace herself , she kick at it with both foot . it finally give way at a rusted joint . a torrent of water blast out , thunder into the dirt . 140 ext . edge of town - val - day 140 all the creature wheel about in the dirt and zoom off toward town . Val breathes a big sigh of relief and sprint to the bulldozer . 141 ext . pham van' store - roof - day 141 earl that do it , girl ! goddamn good think ! 142 ext . water tower - day 142 a mass of tentacles and snout swirl through the big puddle where the water if fall . the creature ' breathe throw up spout of muddy water . Rhonda look down nervously . Earl call reassuringly from pham van' : earl do not worry . no way they can lift that tower . I mean it 's really heavy . 143 insert - concrete footing 143 the dirt begin to cave in around the tower 's foot . the creature be digging the dirt away ! 144 back to scene 144 the water tower tilt ever so slightly , creak and groan ! Rhonda frantically grab a handhold . rhonda they be not try to lift it ! 145 ext . bulldozer - day 145 Val land in the driver 's seat and turn the engine over -- it do not start ! val no fucking way ! the old machine start . Val slam it into reverse and back up toward the semi trailer . 146 ext . water tower - day 146 the water tower be start to tilt seriously . Water spill over the top edge of the tank , drench Rhonda . 147 ext . bulldozer - day 147 Val have use heavy chain on the back of the bulldozer to jerry - rig a hitch to the semi trailer . now he scramble back into the driver 's seat . he gun the engine , wrenching the old semi trailer from year of dry mud and tumbleweed . ancient tire disintegrate . rust wheel screech and complain -- but it move . Val let out a whoop and head full - tilt for town . he 's suddenly shocked as he see : 148 ext . water tower - day 148 Rhonda 's in big trouble . she scramble to the high side of the tower platform . the tower 's go to tip over at any moment ! it 's roof slide off and crash into the street ! on pham van' , miguel and Earl be tear apart the swamp cooler , throw piece of it off the roof , try to distract the creature , but they can not compete with the noise from the water . in bg the bulldozer rumble toward the tower at top speed -- a excruciatingly slow eight mile per hour . the tremendously heavy water tank suddenly tear loose , slide off its platform , nearly carry Rhonda with it . she end up hang from a cross beam as the water tank splatter like a enormous egg below , send a small tidal wave down the street . the remain of the tower tilt crazily nearly forty - five degree . the bulldozer grind closer and closer . Rhonda try to climb up , but the jostling and shudder of the tower keep she dangle precariously . suddenly she fall ! and land in the dirt . the creature zero in on she ! she turn wildly and leap for the blade of the approach bulldozer . the blade be only inch off the ground but Val swiftly raise it , lift Rhonda high into the air just above the grasp tentacles ! 149 ext . perfection - MAIN STREET - day 149 as Rhonda climb down into the cab , Val head the bulldozer over to pham Van 's and stop . almost as soon as he do , creature attack , a frenzy of tentacles grab at all side of the massive earth -move machine , slithering into the tread . Val and Rhonda watch this nervously as Earl and miguel quickly clamber from the roof down into the protective steel belly of the semi trailer . Val mentally cross he finger and send the bulldozer roaring forward . it effortlessly tear loose from the tentacles , grind one to pulp in its tread . the creature shriek in pain . the human cheer ! at last they have get the upper hand ! 150 ext . storage shed - day 150 melvin dance merrily , and noisily , on the metal rooftop . melvin Way to go ! Dumb fuck worm ! now haul ass over here , man ! I next ! get I off of here ...! the flimsy shed seem almost to explode as a furious creature roar up inside . the wall buckle out . the whole structure sag . melvin scramble to peak of the roof . melvin oh shit ! oh , God ! help ! as the unseen creature thrashes around inside the shed , the wall topple outward and the roof drop to the ground like a pancake . melvin have lose all self control and just keep scream . Val pull along side , jump down onto the tread , and reach out to melvin . but just as they join hand , the creature hit the roof from beneath , drag it several foot . Val be yank off the bulldozer and land with nelvin on the roof ! the creature slam into the roof repeatedly , but the corrugate metal be both light and resilient . it bend , but the frustrated monster can not get enough " bite " to tear through it . Val and melvin straddle the peak of the roof , try desperately to hang on as it heave up , buckle like a bronco . Earl scramble into the bulldozer driver 's seat and head after they at full throttle , the big diesel roaring . melvin and Val prepare to jump onto the bulldozer , but just before it reach they the roof suddenly start to slide like some mad fly carpet , carry from beneath by a creature ! Val hang on like a rodeo rider , struggle to keep fear - craze melvin from tumble off . 151 ext . dirt ditch - day 151 the roof zig and zag , spin and twist . melvin and Val will not be shake loose . Earl do he best to head it off , but it 's hard to predict which way the roof will scoot next . the rood careen alongside the edge of a dirt - wall drainage ditch , then suddenly skitter sideways and plunge over the edge . melvin and Val tumble to the bottom . as they jump to they foot : val we get about three second ! Val see , almost right above they , a expose pipe which span the ditch . he shove melvin toward it . they leap up and grab the pipe , pull they leg up as high as they can . a instant later , the creature blast through one wall of the ditch , roar past beneath they and burrow into the opposite wall ! Earl bring the bulldozer to a thunder stop next to they . earl well , come on ! 152 ext . nancy'' house - day 152 Nancy and mindy huddle together on they roof . the upraise scoop blade of the bulldozer come into shot with Val riding it . he help they step across into it . 153 ext . burt & heather be house - roof - day 153 burt be use a hacksaw to cut length from a heavy vertical pipe to which he tv antenna be anchore . Heather work with the section burt have already cut off . she be fill they with gunpowder from reloading cannister and hammer the end shut -- they be make bomb . then they hear rumbling . what be it , more creature ? they be surprised by the odd sight of the strange contraption approach . burt ( impressed ) God damn ! armore transport ! Val climb up on the bulldozer roll cage so he 's about even with Heather and burt . a creature occasionally slam into the underside of the bulldozer of the semi trailer , rock they slightly , throw up cloud of dust . val let 's go you two . we be head for the mountain . burt in a minute . he grab a coil of blackpowder cannon fuse . he cut off a length and stuff it in the end of one of the pipe bomb during : val come on , burt , we can not hold still long . they be damn smart and get smarter by the minute . burt heft the finish bomb . burt that 's fine . we have get some new thing to teach they . val damn it ! they will sink this rig just like a boat ! just then the bulldozer start to tilt sideways , creature digging dirt away beneath it . Earl gun it forward out of the depression they be make . earl see that ? they be do it now ! they try it every time we hold still . burt and Heather be impressed . they rush around the rooftop , gather food , ammo , gun , the finish bomb , hand they to impatient Val who hand they down to people in the semi trailer during : val Jesus Christ , we be only go nine mile . be there in two hour , top ! burt yeah , well that thing be gonna be on we ass every foot of the way , right ? he hold up to rifle to Heather , the hk91 assault rifle and another elephant gun . burt what do you think ? Max firepower or ...? heather I would go for penetration . the 458 shoot solid -- less ammo to carry anyway . burt nod . everyone on the bulldozer and semi trailer shout : townsfolk ( adlib ) come on ! who care ! forget it ! let 's go ! Dust fly up . the bulldozer tilt . Earl gun it forward again . Heather and burt grab a few more thing and leap down into the semi trailer . melvin give I a gun ! I will take one ! burt I would not give you a gun if it be World War Three . Earl pilot the strange look contraption out into the desert . burt and Heather watch they fortress - home recede . burt food for five year . a thousand gallon of gas . Air filtration . Water filtration . geiger counter . bomb shelter ... ( look heavenward ) ... underground goddamn monster ?! Heather put a consol arm around he . 154 ext . jeep trail - day 154 the bulldozer easily lumber along the really rough road we see Val and Earl 's truck struggle over the other morning . as they come closer we see burt and Heather riding " shotgun , " he sit out in the bulldozer 's scoop , she on the rear of the semi trailer , elephant gun at the ready . Val , Earl and Rhonda be in the cab . 155 ext . cliff - day 155 it 's late afternoon , sun casting dramatic shadow across the beautiful desert . we be wide on the bizarre vehicle , resolutely grind along not far from the cliff , near the mountain ahead . 156 ext . desert - bulldozer - day 156 as they scan the desert , the people be feel like they may get out of this after all . Earl call back to the people in the semi trailer . earl any sign of them ? miguel maybe they just give up , you know . melvin yeah , the bulldozer 's too much for they , man . as they top a gentle rise , burt excitedly point ahead . burt there we go , solid rock ! everyone cheer . but then Heather point up ahead to one side . heather what 's that ? 157 p.o.v . - the group - dust cloud - day 157 perhaps two hundred yard from they , a huge cloud of dust well up from behind big boulder . 158 back to scene 158 everyone stare uneasily at the billow cloud . nancy be it they ? miguel what else could it be ? mindy what be they do ? melvin maybe they be take a dump . rhonda we be not go over there , right ? earl no . we go straight . val damn it . what the hell be they do ? they be up to something . earl I do not care what they be do as long as they be do it way over there . Earl shove the throttle all the way . the engine scream . 159 ext . desert - dustcloud - day 159 we move in through the cloud of dust . dirt be fly by the ton out of en eight foot diameter hole in the ground . a huge mound of the tunnele - out dirt be already pile high . the creature be digging a tunnel -- but why ? 160 ext . desert - bulldozer - day 160 we watch the bulldozer rumbling along . it seem unstop - able . the mountain and safety be barely a mile away -- when the earth cave in !! the bulldozer plunge nose first into a unseen pit dug just beneath the surface ! the machine end up half - bury at a steep angle . the semi trailer be right on the edge of the pit . everyone be shake , bruise , bloody . Val , Earl and Rhonda look frantically for burt , who be riding out front in the scoop . they be relieved to see he claw he way out of pit . Val haul he up and all four of they now leap into the semi trailer . as they come to rest , Val slowly realize what 's happen . val they ... they dig a trap ! I can not believe this ! the idling bulldozer engine cough and die . there be a moment 's crush silence . then the dread digging begin . Dust boil up around the semi trailer -- creature digging from below ! the semi trailer shake and shudder , slowly sink . the people huddle together in sheer panic . Val and Earl grab the nearest of burt and Heather 's gun and fire wildly , hope - lessly , down at the dirt . ricochet whine into the distance . burt grimly dig a overload knapsack for one of he pipe bomb . he leap up between Val and Earl and light the fuse , look for a target . burt hungry ?! eat this !! he toss the bomb at some churn earth and dive back into the semi trailer . burt ( cont would ) keep you head down ! kaboom ! the explosion throw up a big plume of dust and rock . we hear a new , very strange sound of pain from the creature . the semi trailer instantly stop shaking . the creature have stop digging . all be quiet . the people peer up over the edge of the semi trailer , look all around . then : rhonda there they be ! 161 p.o.v. the group - distant creature 161 numerous spurt of dust mark they path as they race madly away , fan out from the semi trailer . 162 back to scene 162 miguel hey , burt ... do you get one ...! rhonda no , there 's still four of they . see ... there 's like four different dust trail . val sure get they attention , though . Nice go , burt . ( to Earl ) Earl , what about the cat ? Earl 's already stare down at the bulldozer . earl no way . it 's down for the count . Val look around . 163 p.o.v. val - rock outcrop 163 toward the cliff he see a big rock outcrop . 164 back to scene 164 Rhonda point in the opposite direction from where Val be look . rhonda here they come ! they be come back ! Heather unexpectedly fire two deafen blast from she elephant gun at the approach creature , then shake she head , frustrated . they be still come . val come on , everybody ! we gotta run for that rock over there ! earl Jesus , Val , it 's pretty far . melvin yeah , man ! they will get we ! val there sure as hell get we if we stay here ! rhonda wait , wait , listen . burt do you have any more of that thing ? burt the bomb ? damn right I do . rhonda well , what be you throw one that way , the way we want to go ... ( point toward rock ) then , when the explosion happen ... if it drive they away again ... we all run like goddamn bastard ! ( to Earl ) pardon my french . wham ! with a jolt the semi trailer begin shaking and shudder again -- sink , smile . melvin what if it do not scare they ? what if they do not run ? rhonda I do not think it do scare they ! it hurt they ! they be so sensitive to sound , they have to run ! it hurt too much ! glance all around . burt she 's get my vote . val right . we be gonna run . get ready . Val squat in front of tear - streak mindy . val ( cont would ) mindy , you understand what we be go to do ? ( off she nod ) and do not worry , they can not get we once we be on that rock . melvin I do not know , man . they be too fast ! you can not outrun they , no way ! as burt ready another bomb , he pause to hand bug-ey melvin a huge ruger Super redhawk 44 magnum handgun . burt here , kid . this will make them think twice . melvin 's eye bug out further . burt light he bomb . burt ( cont would ) head down !! he hurl the bomb . wait . wait . whooom ! again we hear the creature ' unearthly shriek of pain . Rhonda 's on she foot before the rock stop fall . she spot the creature . rhonda it work ! there they go ! val let' do it ! Earl let out a war wild whoop . it 's infectious . crane up with they as everyone pile out of the semi trailer like soldier out of a trench -- they charge across no - mar n's - land . melvin run like a demon . he try to shoot at the first thing he see but the gun just click over and over -- empty . melvin burt , you bastard ! enrage , he double he speed , try to overtake burt . mindy can not keep up . Nancy try to pull she along . Val and Earl swoop in , grab mindy under either arm , and carry she between they . 165 angle - the creature 165 the ground heave violently as the retreate monster angrily wheel about and charge back after the human . 166 ext . desert - rock outcrop - day 166 Big slab jutting this way and that -- a rock iceberg in a sand ocean . the people scramble onto it amid whoops of joy and relief . melvin charge up to burt : melvin you asshole ! there 's no bullet in this gun ! burt get you move , do not it ? burt 's line get a laugh from people , but then tentacles burst up on all side of the rock , probing , feel . the effect be instantly sober . burt swiftly grab out he remain bomb -- six of they -- and hold one ready . but they be in no immediate danger . earl so ...now what ? rhonda could we make it to the mountain ? val ( gesture to burt 's bomb ) no way . we would need fifty of that thing . the hopelessness of the situation suddenly hit Val , Earl , and Rhonda . after a moment : earl well ... that 's it . we be not get off this rock ... val not go to pole vault anywhere . that 's for sure . heather what 's the matter with you ? what be you talk about ?! rhonda they will just wait out there till we be dead . that 's what they do . as this sink in , burt lose he cool , ignite a argument . burt what ? well , for chrissake , we could have make a stand at we place ! we have food , water ... earl you can not fight them that way ... burt you two jackass haul we way the hell out here ...!? val back off , burt ...! burt well , who put you two in charge ? nancy ( shout ) burt ! that animal would have kill you ! everyone stare in surprise at normally quiet Nancy . nancy ( cont would ) ( softly ) you have not see what they can do . val ( calmer ) they would have dig you place out from under you in half a hour ! there 's a long , grim silence . everyone sit glumly . finally , burt pick up a bomb and contemplate it : burt ( lose it ) if it come to starvation , I know what I be do . take one of this . walk right out there with the fuse light . stuff it down my pants and let them take I down . boooom ! Heather put a soothing hand on he shoulder . heather Jesus , honey ! but now Earl brighten a little . earl you know , that 's not a bad idea ! the other react . be Earl nut ? earl no , I mean , it give I a idea ... go fishing like ... 167 ext . desert - rock outcrop - later 167 in the open desert , a rock land . then another . Val and Rhonda be throw they from the rock outcrop . Val , Earl , Rhonda , and burt have move away from the main group to another section of the rock outcrop where intervene boulder will protect everyone from a explosion . Earl have tie a bomb to some nylon rope form one of burt 's knapsack . burt place the other bomb safely out of the way behind a ledge . meanwhile , Val and Rhonda keep throw rock . soon , the ground shift . val there ! right straight out in front of you . burt have he coil of fuse . burt how much you think ? earl I do not know ... they be pretty quick ... fifteen second ? burt nod , expertly eyeball a fifteen second length and snipping it off . as he stuff it into the bomb : earl what the hell be that , anyway ? burt cannon fuse . earl what do you use it for ? burt ( matter of fact ) my cannon . the bomb be ready -- it 's moment of truth . Earl dig in he pocket for the lighter -- but Val have it . Val nervously lean over to light the fuse , but then frown as he see how Earl be hold the rope . val come on , you be not go to do you lasso thing ...? earl hey , just ' cause you be no good with a rope ... Val shake he head and light the fuse . Earl whirl the bomb on the end of its rope like a lasso , and let it fly out as far as he can . then he start pull it back in along the ground like a fishing lure . Rhonda stare at she watch as they all sink down behind the protective boulder . rhonda come on ... come on ... burt take it ... take the bait ... suddenly a snout subtly surface and gulp down the bomb . a tense two second later -- kabooom ! bullseye ! it 's a volcano of gory creature part . they splatter all over ! the remain creature shriek and race away again . the people cheer wildly . CUT to : 168 ext . desert - rock outcrop - later 168 Val , Earl , Rhonda , and burt prepare to try again . this time Val have the rope and a new bomb . Rhonda stand by he , ready with the lighter . Earl lob rock out into the desert . earl where the hell be they ? hope they do not wise up . rhonda ( point ) nope , there ! that 's one . Rhonda shakily light the fuse . Val heave the bomb out and start trolling . the creature swallow it . everyone drop down behind the boulder , Val impulsively grab a second bomb . they tense with anticipatory glee -- but the creature suddenly spit its bomb back out ! it sail back right over they head . it strike the rock above they , skitter down a crevice and landing in -- burth pile of bomb ! Val , Earl , and Rhonda scatter . burt dive backward over a rock ledge . bababammm !! all the bomb explode , throw rock every - where . the creature streak away . Val , Earl and Rhonda sprawl into the dirt , half stunne . when the panic be over , Val and Earl realize where they be -- fifty yard out in open desert ! so be Rhonda , off at a angle from they ! only burt be safe on the rock outcrop . and the creature be come back fast ! the strand trio start back for the outcrop , but the creature burst up ahead of they -- one block Rhonda 's path , the other two cut Val and Earl off ! the creature roar toward they easy prey ! Val and Earl freeze . the ground bulge as the creature " skid " to a halt not ten foot from they . Rhonda stand stock still some fifty foot away , eyeing she own creature . over on the outcrop with the main group of people Heather size up the situation . heather make noise . everybody ! come on ! everyone start hopping up and down , yell , scream , and clap . burt even run a few foot out from the rock , fire a pistol into the dirt . burt come on , you slimebags ! over here ! fresh meat ...! the crowd keep up the ruckus . the creature be distract by the noise , but this time they do not automatically go after it . they big snout turn uncertainly this way and that . but they just stay where they be . they hook - tentacles slide out , feel all around . Earl whisper : earl they be not fall for it ! Heather take careful aim with she elephant gun . heather I will make them pay attention goddamnit ... but before she can fire , the creature mysteriously sink from view . Val , Rhonda , and Earl remain freeze . what the hell be go on ? nothing happen -- then -- a huge hump of earth suddenly well up near Rhonda . it sink back down as fast as it appear . it 's like the creature suddenly lift its whole body almost to the surface then submerge again . another hump rise and fall right near Val and Earl . there 's a pause as the man whisper : val they're ... they be try to make we move ! earl or just knock we over . look , use the bomb ! val it 's out last one . we can not kill they all . the creature try another random " barrage " of hump , some come perilously close . they know they will eventually topple they prey . one come so close to Val and Earl that pebble roll down its side into they boot ! earl use the fuck bomb ! val so , we get back on that rock and in three day we be dead anyway . earl ( slowly ; terrify ) I want to live for the three day . more hump rise and fall . Val give in . he signal Rhonda , gesture with the bomb . she understand . he will set it off , drive away the creature , and they will all run back to the outcrop . Val dig for the lighter . do not have it . Earl dig for it , too . but he do not have it either ! they go dead pale . how can that be ? they look across fifty foot of deadly open ground -- tremble Rhonda hold up the lighter ! over on the outcrop , burt shout : burt what 's wrong ? use the bomb , for godsake ! Val signal to Rhonda to throw the lighter . she nod . but just before she do , a hump start rising directly under her ! she fight to keep she balance -- struggle to keep from take that single step which will instantly tell the creature where she be . but there 's no hope . the hump jerk higher . her boot slip down the gravelly side ! instantly the creature twist toward she , its hungry mouth erupting out of the dirt . she scream and dash for Val and Earl . they run to meet she . the other creature surface . the trio be cut off from the rock outcrop ! Val and Earl link up with Rhonda and they all run madly while Rhonda try to light Val 's bomb fuse . but suddenly Val yank the bomb away . val no wait ! this way ! he veer off in a new direction . startle Earl and Rhonda have no choice but to follow . as they desperately try to catch up to Val : earl ( gasp ) what the hell be you do ?!! val I got a goddamn plan !! Earl look up ahead . they be head right for -- 169 ext . the cliff - day 169 the massive cliff . Earl 's eye bug out . in second they ' will be right at the brink with nowhere to run . earl this better be one great plan ! as they skid to a stop at the very brink , Val break off the bomb fuse , leave only one inch of it . he whirl to check the progress of the advance creature . val get ready ! he hold the bomb out to Rhonda . she instantly try to light it . he grab she wrist so hard it hurt . earl Light it , man ! light it !! val not yet , not yet ... the charge creature be almost underfoot . finally Val pull Rhonda 's hand over to light the fuse . instantly he hurl the bomb as far as he can , behind the creature . earl too far ! you throw it behind they ! the ground open under they foot ! tentacles snake toward Val and Earl . a horrid mouth clamp onto Rhonda 's boot . she scream as it start to pull she down . whooom !! the bomb explode ! the creature shriek in pain , instantly release they prey and racing away from the painful shock wave in the only direction they can -- 170 ext . cliff - wide low angle - day 170 right out through the face of the cliff !! the huge , shriek creature seem to hang in mid-air for a moment , they grotesque body undulate in pain . and then they fall ! and fall and fall -- a thousand foot ! 171 ext . bottom of cliff - day 171 the creature land on massive jag rock , explode like immense , horrid watermelon . multi-color gore festoon the whole cliff face . tilt up to see three tiny figure stand at the top of the cliff . 172 ext . cliff - day 172 Val peer down at the distant creature for a long time . then he notice Earl and Rhonda be stare at he . where the hell do he get a idea like that ? after a moment : val well , it just suddenly hit I , you know ? stampede ? they turn and head back toward the other . they laugh as they realize how stealthily they be walk . Val start take big , exaggerated stomping step . Rhonda and Earl follow suit . the trio go off arm in arm , stomping merrily . dissolve to : 173 ext . perfection - MAIN STREET - day 173 Val and Earl roll two scavenge truck wheel down the street toward they own truck ; which be up on jack , two wheel miss . mindy race past excitedly . mindy look ! a highway maintenance truck be roll into town follow by a police car . the townsfolk happily swarm around the maintenance men and police officer who gape at the destroy town . Val and Earl eagerly start bolt on one of they new wheel . earl Road 's in ! val Road 's in ! now , soon as we hit bixby we start make phone call . we could make some real money off this whole thing , get in people magazine ... earl people ? Hell , National geographic . val sell the movie rights . we be go straight from blue- collar to white - collar . earl yeah ... but no tie . val no tie . Rhonda pull up in she truck , lean out and snap they picture with a top-of- the-line Nikon . rhonda hi , guy . burt loan I he camera . earl howdy , Rhonda . rhonda you be really leave , huh ? earl you bet . you gonna be stay up here ? rhonda well , yeah ! there 's go to be major research up here . first thing be to get some picture of that one we dig up . a awkward pause . finally she extend she hand to they . Val just give it a quick shake . rhonda ( cont would ) uh... well , maybe I will see you two sometime ... ( to Val ) and thanks for everything , you know , save my life and stuff . val ( awkwardly ) well ... you be welcome . she gaze at he , just a hint of something in she eye . Earl spring to attention . be the boy blind ? then Rhonda snap out of it . rhonda well ... see ya. they nod . she drive off . Earl stare at Val who start put the second wheel on the truck . earl Christ , Val , maybe she 's not you type , but you could , at least , be civil . val Civil ? I be civil . earl you be not civil , you be glum . we get the world by the tail with a downhill pull and all of a sudden you go glum on I . Earl freeze as a bell go off in he head . earl ( cont would ) oh my God . she get to you . you do like she ! val somebody pay you to do this ? earl she just practically ask you for a date . what the hell be wrong ?! Val glare at Earl for a moment . val Earl , get real . what do she need with a guy like I ? Earl be dumbfounded . earl what be that ? all this time she 's not good enough for you . now , suddenly , you be not good enough for she ? God , my work be never do . you do not decide be you be worthless , she do . but you gotta give she a chance ! Val lower the jack let the truck down . val Earl , I be not gonna make a fool of myself ! you get that cover . Earl stand there fume , mind racing . a last ditch idea hit home -- we see a devilish glint in he eye . earl Fine , make the mistake I do . I think I will just be play this hand myself . val what ? earl she like both of we . we both help she out . val you be so full of shit ... earl oh yeah ? think about this : she be not as narrow - minded as you . I will lay odd she 's look for character in a man . for my part , I would be proud to have she . I would goddamn worship she . Earl hop into the truck . earl ( cont would ) I be go out there right now , help she take that picture ... set up she seismo-jiggers . whatever she want . who the hell know what ' will happen ? Earl start to drive off . Val spring into the passenger seat . through the truck 's rear window we see Val raise he hand in the challenge . they do a round of scissors - rock - paper -- but it 's a tie . they go again . another tie . they keep play and tie as they drive off into the distance and we -- fade out the end