" ghost ship " ( formerly " chimera " ) by Mark hanlon first draft fade in int . barge - day crewman epps ( 29 ) , wear a life vest and tool belt , jump down into the darkness . she stand in a great hollow cavern , oily , wet , resonant with the sound of creak , rusty steel and water moving over its hull on the other side . int . barge - later - day epp come to a low point in the darkness , shine she light on a lake of salt water sloshing against the bulkhead . she kneel . as the water sloshes back she see that it be leak in through the seam in the steel plate of the hull . ext . barge - later - day epp pull herself onto the deck from below . she stand on a rusting 5000 ton tank barge be pull in the open ocean by a brawny marine tug at the end of a 150 foot tow cable . it be a typical summer day in the southern bering Sea , which mean a healthy chop and a stiff cold breeze out of the north - west . she close the hatch behind she and make she way forward . ext . barge - bow - moment later - day up ahead , the tug pull steadily , grey - black cloud of diesel smoke rise from its massive turbine vent . epp cinch and check she body harness , focus and professional . the product of a rocky childhood in the Pacific Northwest and a few year of hard live , she 's find she true call now . and under some grime , several polypro shirt and a pair of orange man 's insulite pants she might even be consider pretty . she clip she harness into the tow cable where it attaches to a heavy pair of eye cleat at the bow . she climb onto the cable , hang out over the water as it break on the bow beneath she . she pull herself forward on a roller bear that fit over the width of the cable and start off toward the tug at the other end . ext . arctic warrior - later - day dodge and greer look on from the stern , where the boat 's name " Arctic warrior " be emblazon on the transom . dodge ( 37 ) , scruffy chief engineer , wear de rigueur greasy coverall and nicotine stain finger , be a expatriate Texan and former merchant marine . greer ( 42 ) , be the boat 's first mate , African american , originally from some sweltering red-neck hellhole , now a tug pilot intentionally well to the north . they watch as epp pull herself toward they , the cable occasionally dip a few foot with a spray of water as a pass swell slacken it . epp pull herself to the stern where the cable wind into a tow anchor . epps it 's a slow leak . she unclip and drop to the deck . greer what 's slow ? epps maybe twenty gallon a hour . dodge where from ? epps amidship starboard at the beam . just under the waterline . I do not think it 's a problem . greer hear that , dodge ? epp do not think it 's a problem . dodge I will sleep good tonight know that . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - day the view from the pilothouse command 360 degree as radar and gps navigation display glow . murphy , the ship 's master , pilot the boat . he be 48 , at sea all he adult life , and most of the rest , a fact write on he face and one that every crewman who 's ever work for he have be willing to bet he life on . a walkie-talkie crackle awake . greer ( v.o. radio ) greer to Murphy . murphy ( lift the radio ) go. Murphy turn back to see greer , epp , and dodge look up at he from the stern . greer the number nine on the starboard side 's half flood . epp say it 's a slow leak just under the waterline , about twenty gallon a hour . they must have pump it before we leave sitka . murphy of course they do . greer let the buyer beware . murphy what do you say , dodge ? dodge ( v.o. radio ) ( take the radio ) if it start out at twenty a hour the piece of shit would be at the bottom of the Gulf by now . whether it will make St. lawrence be anybody 's guess . ext . OPEN ocean - day high and wide as the Arctic warrior pull the barge against the swell of a grey ocean and a darken sky . dissolve to : ext . port germaine - ST . lawrence island - day the shore of St. lawrence Island open into a small port town of mainly pre-fab building as the Arctic warrior approach with the barge , now pathetically list to one side as it move into the harbor . ext . port germaine - dock - later - day a smaller harbor tug help the Arctic warrior jockey the list barge to the dock as epp and dodge jump off to tie she up . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - moment later - day greer feather the tug into position and shut down the turbine . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - day Murphy jump down from the pilothouse to the deck as a fat Russian man , vasili ( 60 ) and a mechanic in grease - cover orange coverall approach from the dock . vasili I think you say Tuesday . murphy better late than never . vasili ( see the list barge ) what 's this ? murphy you get a leak in the number nine compartment . vasili no , no . you get leak . murphy you pump it out and re-seam the hull , she will be good as new . vasili that cost I twenty grand at least . murphy Fifteen , at the most . vasili twenty . you knock off twenty and then we see . after my guy look at it . int . vasili be office - day in a prefab office with a view of the shipyard , vasili cut a check as Murphy and greer look on . he tear it out of the book , hand it across the desk to Murphy , who inspect it . murphy you be kid , right ? vasili you want fair pay , make hamburger for mickey D. otherwise , please to sign . vasili push a transfer register toward he . Murphy sign . ext . shipyard - day greer and Murphy walk back toward the dock . greer not bad for drag a leaky tub half way to Russia . murphy he will sell the scrap for three time what he pay . greer I must be in the wrong business . murphy you get that right . greer ( imitate vasili ) better than " make hamburger for mickey D . " int . bar - night a typical port town bar . except this one be on a island in the middle of the bering Sea . epp line up a shot at the pool table as a couple of seamen check out she ass and a tattoo of wiley coyote poke out of she pants . greer read a paper near - by . Murphy enter , crossing to the bar where dodge nurse a beer and a cigarette . Murphy throw down a envelope with dodge 's name on it . dodge pick it up , thumb through a thick stack of hundred . dodge much oblige , skipper . int . bar - later - night the place be a little more crowded now as epp push she way through to the bar , a cigarette dangle from she mouth . she busy two beer and pay the bartender from she envelope of cash . she take the beer back to the far wall where a young off- duty coastguardsman stand . he take one , they laugh . at a table beer , cigarettes and pay envelope on the table before they , dodge , greer and Murphy look on at epp across the room , who be show the coastguardsman a birthmark on she neck . greer look like epp ' gonna get some tonight . dodge with that coxswain dickhead . murphy you be not jealous , be you dodge ? dodge be you kid I ? jealous ? epp ? gimme a break . greer and Murphy trade look as dodge raise he beer . dodge what a laugh . a minor commotion can be hear as they sit there . woman' voice ( o.s. ) I will show you , bitch ! they look over to see the coastguardsman 's girlfriend , late 20 , hefty in a red miniskirt and big hair . girlfriend you want to mess with I , I will kick you bitch ass , girl . with epps epp coolly put out she cigarette as a circle have gather around she and the girlfriend , anxious to see a girl fight . epps I do not know what you be talk about . I just buy this guy a beer . girlfriend this " guy " be my man , honey . coastguardsman darlene -- girlfriend you , shut up . epps ( start off ) listen , I do not want any trouble , okay -- ? girlfriend ( stop epp ) uh-uh . no . we be gonna fix this right now . murphy ( step up ) what seem to be the trouble , lady ? riveter why not you mind you own business , chief . Murphy turn to see a shipyard riveter , a big man hold a beer , still wear he welding leather . Murphy turn back to epp and the girlfriend . murphy as I say , what seem to be the trouble ? riveter do not you hear I , grandpa ? or you get you hearing aid turn down ? murphy I hear you . but I be choose to ignore you . epp , let 's go . epp start forward but the riveter stand in she way , take Murphy by the collar . riveter this lady be have themselves a discussion and you be interrupt it . murphy you get about two second to get you paw off I , tarzan . riveter or what ? or whack ! Murphy can not help but wince as a pool cue break in two over the riveter 's head . dodge , cigarette in he mouth , take a look at the cue half he still hold , shaking he head . the riveter 's hand fall from Murphy 's collar and he leg buckle . some of he buddy hold he up as greer remind some of the other he 's hold a pool cue of he own . murphy epp ? he look to epp like let 's get the hell out of here . she grab she coat . coastguardsman wait . epp hold there as the coastguardsman step up to he girlfriend . coastguardsman darlene . it 's over . he give she the ring from he finger . Murphy roll he eye as the other look on . coastguardsman I do not love you anymore . darlene break into tear as they all look on , some pat she on the back . coastguardsman ( to epp ) come on , candy . let 's get out of here . the coastguardsman take she by the hand . epp look to Murphy and the other as he lead she out . ext . arctic warrior - day Murphy , greer , and dodge ready the tug to leave as epp approach on the dock . she jump down onto the deck , a spring in she step and a song in she heart . epps Morning everybody . greer show you tatoos to that coxswain last night , do you epp ? epps show he a hell of a lot more than that . greer I bet you do . murphy candy ? epps it 's my pen name . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - day Murphy throttles up the turbine and back the tug away from the dock as greer study the dawn sky . greer Red sky at night , sailor 's delight . murphy Red sky in morning , sailor take warning . ext . port germaine - dock - continuous - day as the tug turn into the harbor channel , the sun rise under a cloud bank of brilliant red and orange . dissolve to : int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - night dodge and epp play card at the galley table . dodge fuck it . he put down he hand . epp take another drag from she cigarette , collect she winning . epps one more ? dodge why not . she gather the card , shuffles . dodge what be you first name ? epps what ? dodge it just occur to I I do not know you first name . all this time and I do not know it . she deal the card in silence . epps ( finally ) Maureen . dodge what ? epps Maureen . dodge Maureen ? she look on at he as he hold there , take he card . epps what 's yours ? dodge take a drag from he cigarette , think about it . dodge Roger . epps Roger ? dodge yeah . she want to laugh , but only study she card . dodge you think that 's funny epps ( lie ) no . she take a hit from she cigarette as she play she hand . ext . OPEN ocean - bering sea - night the song " sos " by abba blast as the tug plow westward through a steady chop and a mild swell . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - night the music come from here . greer have the CD player cranke as he man the helm in the glow of the pilothouse . he check the radar , hold there a beat . he turn the music down and pick up a walkie-talkie . greer ( into walkie ) greer to Murphy . greer study the radar display as he wait . murphy ( v.o. radio ) yeah . greer there 's a large vessel out about ten mile to the north -west . int . arctic warrior - master' quarter - continuous - night Murphy sit at he desk over the ship 's log , hold he radio . greer I be watch it for close to a hour and it have not move . I can not raise it on the radio either . make I think it might be in trouble . murphy alright . I will be right up . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - later - night close on radar display as the sweep - refresh reveal a bright point of light in the middle of nowhere . murphy ( o.s. ) merchant vessel at position one seven four one five west , five seven seven five north . Murphy hold the radio mic as greer look on , epp and dodge stand back . murphy this be tugboat Arctic warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two . over . only the quiet hiss of white noise come back from the radio speaker as the bright point flash on the radar screen . murphy ( to radio ) merchant vessel at one seven four one five west , five seven seven five north , this be tugboat Arctic warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two . over . again , only white noise come back as the point flash on the screen . murphy too deep to anchor out there . greer look like it 's adrift . epps could be a fishing boat . greer too big . more like a freighter . murphy what the hell would a freighter be do up here ? it 's way out of the lane . there 's not a port for 800 mile . dodge smuggler maybe . greer smuggle what ? tundra grass ? a beat as Murphy hold there . he raise the radio mic . murphy merchant vessel at position one seven four one five west , five seven seven five north , this be tugboat Arctic warrior . do you copy ? over . again , only the quiet hiss of static come back . greer call the coastguard ? murphy steer to one eight five . let 's check she out . ext . OPEN ocean - night the Arctic warrior cut a foamy break in the ink black water . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - night close on radar display as the phantom point flash closer . Murphy look on as greer pilot , dodge and epp watch . murphy alright . back it off . greer throttles back and the boat slow . murphy hit the light . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - night the halogen flood light flare to life , brilliantly illuminate the water in front of the boat . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - night the four of they look intently into the darkness beyond the light . Murphy reach for the spot control , sweeping a broad beam of light with a joy stick . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - night as the tug move along , servo motor sweep the searchlight over the bow of the boat and into the darkness . int . arctic warrior - continuous - night they peer into the night beyond the boat as it slowly move , when a shadow loom into view . murphy whoa , whoa . greer throttles down all the way and they drift , as the shadow loom bigger before they in the light from the boat . as they approach , the shadow appear to be a giant rusting bow , rise up from the water , disappear in the darkness above they . Murphy sweep the searchlight to reveal more of what appear to be a large , darken ship . as they come around , the name " chimera " can be see above the anchor alley . murphy " chimera . " Murphy reach for the mic , hit the loud hailer . murphy chimera . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - night the tug be dwarf by the massive rusting hulk of the chimera rise above it . murphy ( o.s. loud hailer ) this be civilian tugboat Arctic warrior . be there anyone aboard ? the quiet rumble of the tug 's turbine be the only sound . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - night Murphy raise the mic again . murphy chimera , I be hove to at you port bow . be there anyone aboard ? they wait , look on at the silent , darken ship under the glare of they light . murphy epp , come with I . you guy sit tight . ext . arctic warrior - later - night epp and Murphy , in heavy parkas , climb a hydraulic deck crane up to the chimera as dodge man 's the control against the movement of the water . int . arctic warrior - continuous - night greer hold the tug steady as epp and Murphy can be see make they way up under the floodlight . ext . chimera - forward deck - moment later - night Murphy pull himself up and jump down onto the deck . epp jump down behind he . Murphy throw he light up on the superstructure . all remnant of paint have be rusted over , lend a still darker ominousness to it . ext . chimera - forward deck - moment later - night Murphy and epp move cautiously along , shine they light as they go . despite the omnipresent corrosion , everything seem to be in order . the deck be clear and there be no apparent damage . they come to a hatchway . epp shine she light down the darken passage . Murphy move in . int . chimera - passageway - continuous - night Murphy and epp move down the passageway . even the wall in here be rusted . they come to a flight of stair . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - night greer and dodge wait . greer reach for he radio . greer ( into radio ) talk to I , skipper . after a moment , Murphy come back on the radio . murphy we be in a stairwell just under the main superstructure . int . chimera - stairway - continuous - night Murphy and epp climb the darken stairway . murphy this be definitely a old boat , maybe sixty year old . she have not be in service for at least twenty year . probably a lot longer . they top the stair and walk into a wider passageway which take they into a open area . they light shine around they , revealing sink and counter and rack of old kitchen equipment , a few pot still hang . they move through the galley and into another , narrower , passageway . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - night greer and dodge look on . murphy it 's funny . greer how 's that ? murphy besides a little rust , everything 's pretty well - preserve . greer and dodge look at each other . murphy how she get out here be one hell of a good question . ( a long beat , then ) Jesus . dodge and greer hold there , wait . only silence from the other end . greer what be it ? no answer . greer Murphy . no answer . greer Murphy , goddamit . murphy ( finally ) sorry . another beat in silence . greer what be it ? int . chimera - ballroom - continuous - night Murphy and epp stand at the top of a stairway , look over a immense ballroom . Murphy raise he radio . murphy it 's a passenger ship . it 's a damn passenger ship . though it be dark , there be enough light to see its ornate opulence , table and chair in place near a large dance floor and orchestra well , and a magnificent crystal chandelier hang over it all . ext . arctic warrior - foredeck - night epp and Murphy climb down the deck crane as greer and dodge meet they at the bottom . murphy ( jump down ) there 's nobody on that boat . int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - night dodge , epp , greer and Murphy sit around the galley table . dodge probably slip she mooring , get tangle up in a current . epps out here ? what , so a seven hundred foot passenger liner drift out of spokane harbor and nobody manage to bump into she until now ? dodge somebody 's probably look for she as we speak . murphy whatever the reason , she 's adrift and abandon . we have get every right to salvage she . greer you mean tow she back ? that 's a thirty thousand ton ship you be talk about . murphy we have do it before . dodge yeah , from one side of the harbor to the other . but we get half the bering Sea and the whole alaskan gulf to drag she over . murphy you have any idea how much a ship like that could be worth in salvage ? the fitting alone could go for a few million . dodge if you get it back in one piece . murphy it 's a risk I be willing to take . greer all we get to do be hit some rough weather and you can forget about it . murphy so we cut she loose and wait it out . a little weather could not be anything she have not see before . dodge it 's a bloody navigation hazard . one boat can not control a ship that size . murphy the damn thing 's be float around for God know how long and it have not hit anything yet . so we take it easy . a little of the old push pull . a long beat as they hold there . murphy listen . forget this job 's just a pay check for a minute . you know I have be good to you . but I be prepare to offer you something better now . ( a beat ) if we do this right , it 's worth a lot of money . a lot of money . they hold there look on at he , wait . epps go on . murphy salvage fee on a vessel like this could come in around four million buck . at least . who know , could be more . could be a lot more . ( a beat ) what I be propose be ... we split it four way . a beat . dodge look to epp and greer . murphy think about it . a million buck a piece . ( a beat ) you want to spend the rest of you day drag-ass tank barge on the gulf coast , fine . otherwise , let 's get to work . ext . arctic warrior - day the tug be tie up alongside the chimera , whose dark hull stretch off for seven hundred more foot in the light of day . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - day Murphy bring up the radio mic as greer and the other look on . murphy ( to radio ) United States coastguard , United States coastguard , United States coastguard . this be tugboat Arctic warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two . over . after a moment , a distance - warpe , coolly professional , female voice come back . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) Arctic warrior , Arctic warrior , Arctic warrior . this be United States coastguard Station North Island . over . murphy North Island , I wish to declare myself salvor - in-posession under section four two charlie of the International maritime Convention . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) affirmative , Arctic warrior . what type of vessel ? murphy a passenger liner . over . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) say again . over . Murphy look to the other , almost smile . murphy a passenger liner , north island . over . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) what be the vessel name , registry , and present position ? over . murphy passenger vessel " chimera . " I will spell : charlie hotel india mary echo romeo alpha . no registry information be available at this time . I have determine to the best of my ability that the vessel have be abandon on the high seas at position one seven four west , five seven north at ... ( check he watch ) two zero one four hour zulu time . over . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) affirmative , Arctic warrior . please advise you salvage authority pend registry check . over . murphy Roger , North Island . Arctic warrior over and out . ext . arctic warrior - stern winch - day dodge , epp , Murphy and greer be stand on the stern of the boat under the power winch . dodge okay . we be gonna use a heavier than usual twin cable rig this time , consist of a pair of number three gauge braid wire tow . ( a beat ) we will tie off through the anchor alley . and come down to the aft port and starboard pin . here . thus , we need to get two of this ... ( indicate the cable ) up there . he indicate the bow of the chimera . dodge see as though a foot of one of this fucker weigh about a hundred pound , it be not gonna be what you would call easy . ( a beat ) any question ? epps suppose one of that cable break under tow . dodge then we will all be doom . any other question ? ext . arctic warrior - day Murphy have back the tug up to the bow of the chimera . greer operate the deck crane , one of dodge 's mammoth cable dangle from it down to the winch on the stern . with epps epp hang on to the top of the crane as it come to the starboard anchor alley in the bow of the chimera . dodge poke he face out from the other side . dodge ready ? epps bring it on , dude . dodge disappear from the hole and he hand come back with a smaller pilot cable , which epp take and thread through the loop at the end of the tow cable . she place the end of the pilot cable in a vice collar and use a wrench to tighten it down , with the effect of join the two cable . epps ok . dodge disappear , pull up the slack from the pilot cable through the anchor alley . dodge ( o.s. ) ( finally ) hit it ! epp reach over and unhinge the crane hook and the tow cable explosively drop , bang loudly against the chimera 's hull with a shower of black rust . ext . chimera - with dodge - continuous - day dodge crank a portable pulley winch on the deck , the pilot cable slowly pull the tow cable up through the anchor alley . it be heavy and the winch show the strain as dodge crank it . he continue , when something give in the winch mechanism and the whole thing slide forward on the pilot cable , entangle dodge 's leg and drag he on he ass along the deck . ext . arctic warrior - with epps - continuous - day the tow cable create a spray of rust and smoke as it spill out of the anchor alley before epp . ext . chimera - with dodge - continuous - day dodge slide toward the anchor alley like a piece of meat toward a sausage grinder , when the winch slam into it and stop dead , the cable continue on with a loud shriek dangerously close to he face , until ... ext . arctic warrior - with epps - continuous - day the last of the cable explosively whip out of the anchor alley in front of epp and splashes in the water below . a beat as she hold there . epps dodge ? you alright ? ext . chimera - with dodge - continuous - day dodge lie tangle in the winch . dodge yes ! ext . arctic warrior - day two tow cable extend from the chimera 's anchor alley down into the water and come up again from the water to the tow anchor on the tug 's stern . dodge look on as greer and epp stand by . he raise he walkie . dodge alright , skipper , real easy . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - day Murphy slowly throttles up , move the boat forward . he turn to see as the chimera drop back behind they . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - day the tug move slowly away from the chimera as epp , greer and dodge look on . wide on tug and chimera as the tug widen the distance , leave the chimera in place . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - day Murphy hold the helm steady as the chimera recede . dodge steady as she go . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - day dodge , epp and greer look on as the tow cable begin to rise in they wake . dodge ( into radio ) throttle back . the tug slow as the cable rise slowly from the water . dodge more . the tug slow still more . dodge more . it slow still more , until the tug just creep along , and the massive tow cable rise entirely out of the water , straighten as the slack be pull out . ext . chimera - continuous - day some fifty yard behind the tug , the tow cable come teach in the anchor alley of the chimera . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - day Murphy hold the throttle . dodge right there , skipper . right there . Murphy ease forward on the throttle and the turbine rise in pitch . ext . chimera - continuous - day as the tow cable stretch and the bow of the chimera inch forward . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - day the turbine grow louder as greer , epp , and dodge look on at the chimera behind they , the massive tow cable bow under they own weight . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - day Murphy ease forward on the throttle , pick up speed . ext . chimera - continuous - day the giant ship creak and moan as it start forward , a small bow break form on its hull . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - day the tug be kick up a foam wake as it pull the chimera along behind it . dodge let out a hoot , exchange high fives with epp and greer . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - day Murphy smile as he look back at the chimera follow behind . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - day close on a chart . the south bering Sea and the Gulf of Alaska . a pencil trace a route . murphy ( o.s. ) I figure we go through at the unimak pass here . refuel at sanak Island . greer look on from the helm as Murphy , dodge and epp stand over the map table . murphy with a little extra fuel , weather permit , we should make sitka in five day without another stop . dodge sound reasonable . greer hypothetically speak , what if we get this boat to sitka and find out somebody want it back ? dodge they shoulda think of that when they let she float away . greer I do not care what , be not nobody just gonna let we walk away with a ship that size . murphy the law 's on we side . if they want to challenge it , let they try . epps they must have scuttle it . nobody just let a ship float away . dodge nobody just scuttle a passenger liner either . epps ever hear of insurance , big boy ? murphy either way , we find it . it 's ours now -- . a explosive thud shudder the boat . they look to each other . dodge ( move for the door ) what the ... ext . arctic warrior - moment later - day dodge jump down from the pilothouse as another loud thump blows out of the turbine vent , showering oil over the deck . dodge ( shouting up to the pilothouse ) all stop ! all stop ! int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - day greer shove the throttle back . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - day the boat go dead in the water , thick black smoke billow from the turbine vent . ext . chimera - continuous - day as the bow slow in the water , the tow cable come slack . int . arctic warrior - engine room - continuous - day dodge pull open the door . the place be thick with smoke as he make he way to the turbine gauge , epp and Murphy behind . dodge open the number one turbine cover , look inside . dodge mother fucker ! murphy what be it ? dodge threw a turbine blade . dodge look over the smoking turbine , pull back a aluminum intake blade , hot to the touch . dodge Son of a bitch ! ext . arctic warrior - deck - day greer , dodge , epp , and Murphy confer on the deck . dodge the number one turbine 's pretty well trash . number two run , but it 's way underpower . murphy how long to fix ? dodge hard to say . I gotta get in there and have a look . at least a couple day . depend . greer you think the extra strain cause it ? dodge Nah . everything be cool . it 's just one of that thing . ext . chimera - day the Arctic warrior float tie to the side of the chimera . int . arctic warrior - engine room - day dodge have both turbine open up as he work . int . chimera - mezzanine deck - day light shine on what be once a elegant interior promenade . Murphy and greer stand look on at it . murphy some classy tub in it 's day , huh ? greer yeah . epps ( o.s. ) check this out . at the purser desk epp look through a file cabinet behind a heavy wood counter as greer and Murphy approach . epps everything 's still here . ticket record , receipt , book of account . greer pick one up . greer one first class passage . Elizabeth James . dubayy to halifax . January 29th 1953. Murphy take it , look it over . murphy chimera . flag ship of the dobbin kirk line . nova scotia . int . chimera - " B " deck - day Murphy , epp , and greer top a staircase out onto a long , darken corridor . they move down . some of the door be open , faint light from port hole show small cabin with bed , desk , a few chair . int . chimera - top deck - forward passage - day Murphy , epp , and greer come to a hatchway mark " bridge . " int . chimera - bridge - moment later - day the forward window show the expanse of the ocean before they and the rusting foredeck about 150 foot below . Light from the window illuminate the bridge as Murphy , greer and epp look around . despite a little corrosion and a layer of dirt , everything seem in its place . murphy ( look through scattered chart and papers ) I would sure like to get my hand on the general log . epp step up to the wall , where several frame photo hang . greer that must be the old man right there . the uniform man in the photo be a gaunt , stern - look man from another century , with dark , hollow eye . epps look like one hell of a stick up he ass . greer he would let you off at the nearest port , that 's for sure . ext . arctic warrior - night a dimming purple horizon be give way to night as the tug float under the bow of the chimera . ext . arctic warrior - engine room - night dodge work up to he elbow in turbine 1 as greer monitor a pressure gauge . dodge how about now ? greer sixty pound . dodge what ? you sure ? greer that 's what it say . dodge ( get up to have a look ) lemme see . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - night through the pilothouse window , the hull of the chimera disappear into the darkness beyond the tug 's work light . Murphy sit at the chart table as epp step in . epps coffee ? murphy ( sit up ) yeah . thanks . she bring he he cup , see the document he bring back from the chimera . epps ( take a seat ) what would you find up there ? murphy some chart . a crew manifest . ( look they over ) look like she last voyage be January 1953 . the question be where the hell 's she be since . epps she be sailing up north , right ? murphy her destination be halifax , yeah . epps well , suppose she get a little further north than she should have . get stick in the ice . the passenger and crew evacuate . she froze into the ice pack , which move further north , where it froze in solid . they write it off . fifty year later , the whole global warming thing happen . the ice melt , she get loose and float around till somebody run into she . Murphy nod , consider it . murphy as reasonable a explanation as any , I guess . epp take a sip of she coffee as she think about it . murphy ever hear of the Mary celeste ? epps nope . murphy she be a two -mast brig boat sailing out of New York in 1872 . one day she be sighted off the coast of Portugal by a merchant vessel , the dei gratia . as the crew of the dei gratia get closer , they discover that no one be at the helm of the Mary celeste . on board , they find she completely desert . the captain , he wife , they daughter , and the entire crew , all go . the last entry in they log make no mention of any trouble . the table be even set for dinner . and in the nine day after the last entry , she sail 700 mile without anyone aboard . epps so what do happen ? murphy nobody know . there have be a lot of theory , of course . but we will never really know for sure . epps you think she 's sailing without a crew ? Murphy look out at the chimera off the bow . murphy I think we would be surprised where a drift ship might wind up with a little wind and the right current . epps you be more practical than superstitious . murphy only way to be . epp nod , take another sip of coffee , look on at the rusting hull of the chimera stretch off in the light . ext . arctic warrior - deck - day greer operate the crane arm as dodge direct he . the crane hoist out one of the massive turbine fan onto the deck . dodge give he the thumb up as it come down easily . murphy what 's this ? dodge turbine rotor 's shot . murphy I think you say it be just a blade . dodge Metal 's crystallize . gotta replace the whole deal . murphy how much longer 's that gonna take ? dodge like I always say -- murphy I know I know , two way to do anything -- dodge the right way and the wrong way . murphy but how long ? dodge hard to say . murphy we gotta get outa here , dodge . a storm blow up and we be history . dodge I be tell you , you do not want to be run that fan like it be . murphy what about run number two by itself ? dodge it 's a full 2500 horse down . we could not drag that boat down hill on ice with it . murphy how long , then ? dodge I gotta pull the blade and re-seat everything in a new rotor -- . murphy how long ? dodge Three , four day . murphy goddamit , dodge . dodge what do you want I to tell you , that we can throw this sucker back in and start pull she like nothing happen ? can not do it , skipper . a beat as Murphy stand there , know he 's right . coastguard dispatcher ( o.s radio ) ( from the pilothouse ) Arctic warrior , Arctic warrior , Arctic warrior . this be United States coastguard . over . a beat . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - moment later - day Murphy enter the pilothouse as the distance - warpe voice come back on the radio . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) Arctic warrior , Arctic warrior , Arctic warrior . this be United States coastguard Station North Island . over . Murphy raise the radio mic as epp , dodge , and greer step in . murphy ( to radio ) North Island , North Island , North Island . this be tugboat Arctic warrior . over . after a moment , the same professional , distance - warpe voice come back . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) Arctic warrior , we have submit you section four two charlie salvage notification . however , the International maritime Authority record for a passenger vessel chimera indicate it be lose at sea in the Gulf of oman day two month two year one nine five three . over . a beat as Murphy hold there . murphy North Island , please repeat ? over . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) Arctic warrior , passenger vessel chimera be lose at sea day two month two year one nine five three . over . another beat as Murphy hold there , as the other look on . murphy North Island , have you get any additional information ? over . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) affirmative , Arctic warrior . the vessel chimera be register to the dobbin kirk line , halifax . nova scotia . date of commission day nine month seven year one nine three two . over . a long beat as the static of the open channel come back . murphy Roger , North Island . I be tie to the passenger vessel chimera . and she be afloat . repeat , she be afloat . over . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) Roger , Arctic warrior . I say again , we record indicate the passenger vessel chimera be lose at sea . over . murphy Roger , North Island . please advise pend further information . over . coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) affirmative , Arctic warrior . this be United States Coast Guard North Island Station . over and out . a beat as they hold there , think about it . murphy obviously it 's some kind of screw up . the shipping record be not a hundred percent accurate . dodge man , it give I the creep . we get no business towing a ship that size anyway . I say we fix the turbine and hit the highway . greer be you crazy ? do you realize we get ourselves a ship ? we own a ship , dodge . dodge yeah , a ship that 's suppose to have be lose at sea fifty year ago . you do not think that 's just a little freaky ? epps if this thing turn out to be a ship everybody think sink a long time ago , we just hit the jackpot . dodge yeah , well how the hell you get something like that wrong ? that 's a damn big boat . it 's either sink or it be not . murphy we all want to get outa here , dodge . especially I . with that boat in tow . you get three day . make the most of it . a beat as dodge look back , then out at the chimera . int . arctic warrior - master' quarter - night a pencil point on a map follow across Saudi Arabia , come to the Persian Gulf and trace the coast of the arab emirate to dubayy . Murphy sit at he desk over the map . his pencil point follow the Persian Gulf from dubayy , through the straight of Hormuz into the Gulf of oman . Murphy mark a " X " there . a beat as he look on at it . he open a large envelope he find aboard the chimera . he empty it on the desk . he look through it , docking receipt from various port of call , bill of lading , etc . he look over the passenger manifest . int . arctic warrior - master quarter - day Murphy wake . he lie on he bunk , have fall asleep last night in he clothes , still hold the envelope and some of the papers inside . int . arctic warrior - deck - moment later - day dodge disassemble the turbine fan on deck as greer read in the shade of the deck house . dodge 's hand slip and he skin he knuckle . dodge fucker ! greer take it easy , dodge . it 's only a piece of metal . dodge ( inspect he skinned knuckle ) damn mind of it 's own . greer ( see Murphy ) Morning , skipper . Murphy have step out into the sunlight . murphy Morning . greer you be up late . murphy guess I must have fall back to sleep . where 's epp ? dodge go aboard . murphy she take a radio ? greer yeah . Murphy nod . a beat . int . chimera - public room - day epp step from a passageway into a large public room . tables and chair be scattered haphazardly , light fall in from window along the wall where tatter curtain hang . she walk on . a pair of empty glass sit on a table , a empty sherry decanter beside they . a ashtray sit beside that . epp stop , reach down . she pull back a half - smoke cigarette , lipstick smudge the end , yellowing and fragile from time . and , as she stand there , we see a figure , in murky silhouette , move past the doorway in the background . in a instant it be there and go . she put down the cigarette , have sense a presence . she turn to the doorway across the room , but there be nothing to be see now . int . chimera - public room - moment later - day a doll 's white face , eye haunt and coldly blue , stare into the middle distance . it lie on a love seat as epp step up . she lift it . several other toy lie scattered about as she study it , when the sound of a ticking clock can be heard . a beat as epp hold there . she turn , try to locate the sound . from across the room , epp stand , listen . as the ticking clock sound from here . she turn , put down the doll , hold a beat . she approach , crossing the room , come finally to a stop before we and what we come to see be a ancient grandfather clock . all but it 's minute hand have fall off its corrode face , but from inside it emit a weak though steady ticking . epp stand there as the clock tick , look on , when the ticking cease . a beat as she hold there , as the clock face she , now silent . int . chimera - passageway - later - day epp shine she light in the darkness as she come to a door where daylight fall from a small port . she look through it . int . chimera - swimming pool - moment later - day epp stand in a white tile room . Light fall from port hole high in the wall . running its length be a small swim pool , it 's rusted fixture and stain surface create bizarre pattern . int . chimera - swimming pool - moment later - day epp come to a row of change stall . Old clothing hang there , unused for fifty year . a pair of woman 's shoe lie on the floor . int . chimera - swimming pool - later - day epp move along , pass through a doorway into int . chimera - gymnasium - continuous - day epp enter another room scattered with old exercise equipment circa 1950 , a wooden row machine , barbell and a medicine ball . she step up to the wall , where picture hang . the chimera can be see in better day , sailing full speed on a calm sea . int . chimera - sub - deck - later - day epp jump down to a lower deck . she shine she light up to see that she be in a engine compartment , show a massive diesel burner . she pass through into another compartment where the giant piston of the ship 's power plant rise up to the ceiling . int . chimera - sub - deck - passage - moment later - day epp move , pass still more diesel burner , tower over she in the cavernous space . she move into a narrowing passage , piping and machinery duct wind they way into the depth of the ship . finally the passage open into yet another compartment , apparently a cargo hold . crates and box be stack on load palettes . in the corner , a rotting canvas drape cover something . epp come to it . she lift the canvas , which crumble away to reveal a 1951 Ferrari sportster . for the exception of a coat of dust and a small amount of corrosion , it be perfectly preserve . mail bag lie in pile along the wall , stack between more wooden crate and palettes , when something catch epp ' eye . a heavy , metal door in the wall be twisted on it 's hinge , as though blow back from some terrific explosive force . epp approach , come to the twisted door . she shine she light inside . a clutter of debris , shelving and wood , be visible in the shadow , when she light catch a glint of something . she swing she light back , revealing a yellowish bright object between break wood slat . epp step in . she kneel , shine the light closer . the yellow glint be metal . epp pull back a slat , slide away some of the debris to reveal that it be cast from a kilogram ingot of gold . she reach out . she raise it , completely untouched by the year . she pull back still more debris , revealing a stack of gold ingot , some have tumble to the side . she slide away a large trunk that have fall , push off more junk to see that the stack be much larger , perhaps four foot high and five foot across . a beat as epp stand there , look on at $ 50,000,000 in gold . int . chimera - cargo compartment - day the debris have be clear away to reveal a clean 5 'x 5 ' x 4 ' stack of gold ingot . dodge ( o.s. ) what the fuck we gonna do with it ? greer , Murphy , epp , and dodge all look on . greer what the fuck you think we gonna do with it ? it 's ours , baby . it 's all ours . Murphy have step forward , take a ingot , inspect it . greer how much you figure that 's worth , skipper ? murphy ( still look it over ) hard to say . maybe forty , fifty million . greer Ho , baby ! epps that 's a lot of money for somebody to just let float away . Murphy look up at she from the gold . murphy yes , it be . a beat as they all hold there . murphy it 's a hell of a lot of money . dodge what , you think there 's something funny about it ? murphy a ship with fifty million dollar in gold aboard , adrift ? and nobody seem to care enough to come look for it ? greer if they think it be lose at sea , they probably just write it off . murphy not for fifty million . a ocean liner maybe . but fifty million in gold , they come look for . epps maybe they do not want it back . maybe the whole fat deal be insure . murphy maybe . but there 's always somebody whose interest 's at stake . greer all I gotta say be it look like that somebody 's we right now . greer cackle as he high fives dodge . epps and it look like somebody get here before we too . the steel hatch be twisted , as from a great hand rip it back from the wall . dodge ( inspect it ) do not happen yesterday , I will tell you that . torn part rusted bad as the rest of the boat . murphy then it happen before they scuttle she . epps you mean , before she sink . greer cargo like this could make a crew think twice . murphy that it could . a beat , as they all look on at the gold . int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - night after dinner , Murphy , greer , dodge and epp sit around the galley table . greer then why do not they take it . epps probably do not have time . dodge or somebody stop they . murphy either way , they must have have a pretty good reason . greer must be a damn good reason to jump ship and leave fifty million dollar aboard . a beat as they consider it . dodge so what be we gonna do . that 's the big question , right ? murphy a salvage claim to a vessel 's cargo 's as valid as a claim to the vessel itself . it 's ours . dodge then we be rich . we be damn , filthy stinking rich . murphy it look like it . a beat as they let this sink in . greer so what ? we gonna unload the gold and get a move on ? murphy we leave it where it be . stick to the plan . dodge you gotta be kid ? what the hell we need that tub for , we get fifty million buck ? murphy so we get a little more for the boat . besides , the gold will be safer where it be . greer yeah , but we still gotta haul that big piece of shit all the way back to sitka . murphy it 's worth the effort . believe I . besides we be gonna need she to prove the salvage . epps why not call for help ? murphy for now the best thing we can do be to keep quiet about this . dodge last thing we want be extra partner . epps or uninvite guest . greer I hear that . murphy dodge , you gotta get on that repair . dodge yeah , yeah . I be on it . murphy the sooner we get under way , the sooner we be to spend what 's ours . int . arctic warrior - engine room - day dodge , wear a welding mask and glove , braise a aluminum fitting over one of the open turbine . int . chimera - sub -deck cargo compartment - day epp finish stack the gold ingot in a clear space beyond the twisted hatch . greer two hundred twenty . two twenty one . ( as epp stack the last one ) two twenty two . greer make a note . greer two hundred twenty two kilogram of solid gold . epps that 's what I call a payday . greer Hell yeah . they slap hand . int . chimera - top deck - passageway - day Murphy move down the darken passage , come to a door mark " captain . " the door be ajar . he push it open . int . chimera - captain quarter - continuous - day Murphy stand in the doorway of a spacious cabin panell in dark wood . a large desk occupy a corner of the room by the window . though dirty and wear with time , everything be order and in its place . Murphy come to the desk . he sit down in the chair behind it . the surface be clear and unclutter . he pull out the drawer to reveal pen , write paper , a ruler , compass and protractor amidst other sundry item . int . chimera - captain quarter - bedroom - moment later - day Murphy step in . the room be undisturbed , light fall in on the teach green bedspread through dirty , tatter curtain . a robe hang on the back of a chair . a pair of slipper lie beneath it . int . chimera - captain quarter - bathroom - moment later - day Murphy stand in the bathroom . the tile have yellow with time , but everything be exactly as it be leave . even the shave kit be neatly array on the sink as Murphy look on at it . he look up , see himself in the mirror , when a explosion sound . ext . chimera - top deck - moment later - day Murphy come to the railing , look out over the bow of the ship to see black smoke rise from where the Arctic warrior be tie . ext . chimera - forward deck - moment later - day greer and epp run to the side to see billow smoke rise from the Arctic warrior as Murphy climb down the crane to the deck . ext . arctic warrior - continuous - day Murphy jump down to the deck . flame belch from a open hatch as Murphy grab a fire extinguisher from a deck locker , come to the engine room door . int . arctic warrior - engine room - continuous - day Murphy enter to find the engine room engulf in flame and black smoke . he find dodge spraying at it with a extinguisher of he own . the flame belch up from a oil fire in the turbine well , the heat searing paint on the metal cover . Murphy spray a cloud of halon and the fire dim , but only for a moment . dodge grab another extinguisher , he leg burn , face and hand singe . a explosion rock the boat and molten flame hurl through the air , catch Murphy 's pant leg . he 's so engross in fight the flame , he do not realize he 's on fire . dodge ( over the roar ) Murphy ! Murphy look down to see he pant leg be on fire , as dodge turn a cloud of halon on he , put it out . dodge propane tank be gonna go ! Murphy cross in the smoke , come as close as he dare to the most intense part of the flame . he turn the extinguisher into they , hold it there . the flame dim , as dodge join he on the other side , turn he extinguisher on it too . the fire seem to dim yet again as cloud of halon rise up . Fire belch from a duct , crawl across the ceiling . dodge fire he extinguisher at it , push it back across to the wall again . Murphy extinguish the last of the flame in the turbine well as dodge bring a snake tendril of fire down to the deck , and finally out . they stand there in the sudden silence , the air heavy with smoke . a fine layer of halon powder lie over everything , but the fire be out . ext . arctic warrior - deck - day dodge smoke a cigarette , now start to feel he burn leg , which be ooze as Murphy and greer look on . dodge one minute I be mind my own business , the next thing I know the whole place be burn up . ( take a drag ) a oxygen tank must have blow on the welder . start a oil fire . greer look like it take out the backup genny too . murphy terrific . epp arrive with a first aid kit . murphy how 's that leg ? epp cut back the burn pant leg to see the burn . dodge see better -- ow ! epp clean the burn with hydrogen peroxide . epps this 's gonna hurt a little . dodge thanks for the warning -- ow ! damn ! epp keep clean as dodge bear it . greer what now ? murphy we could call for help . greer and get a bunch of fool sniffin ' around here ? epps what other choice have we get ? dodge I tell you one thing , we be not gonna be towing no ship now . int . arctic warrior - pilot house - night a gas lantern sit on the map table illuminate Murphy as he hold the radio mic . murphy ( to radio ) United States coastguard , this be tugboat Arctic warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two . Radio check . over . a moment , then : coastguard dispatcher ( v.o. radio ) Arctic warrior , Arctic warrior , Arctic warrior . this be United States coastguard Station North Island . you radio check be affirmative . over . murphy Roger that , North Island . Arctic warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two . over and out . int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - night dodge pour out a few can of cold chili into a bowl and take it to the table where epp , greer , and Murphy sit under the stark light of a gas lantern . greer fifty million four way . that 's twelve million and change a piece . what you gonna do with you share , skipper ? murphy not much at all , I guess . retire . live out my golden year and all that . dodge I be buyin ' I a nice outrigger . spend my time haul rich Seattle business man through the puget . murphy how about you epp ? epps guess I will just keep work . dodge what be you crazy ? epps I like my job . murphy greer ? greer move to Sweden . dodge what 's so great about Sweden ? greer it 's a beautiful country . very clean . very civilized . and cold . epps that 's a good thing ? greer Hell , yeah . I like it cold . colder the better . dodge yeah , but not as cold as that swedish girl you only gonna dream about . greer we will see who 's dreamin ' , m'man . murphy dreamin 's all any of you be gonna be do if we do not get this boat run . dodge yeah , yeah . a strange SOUND begins . it be like a distant shrieking , as of metal against metal , but almost human , distantly echoing . greer what the hell be that ? the shrieking continue , echoing eerily as if from the sea . ext . arctic warrior - deck - moment later - night dodge , epp , Murphy and greer emerge on deck . the distant shrieking be louder here , but seem to be emanating from deep in the ship as they stand face it on the bow . epps it 's come from inside . they hold there listen as the shrieking continue . dodge sound like the hull . murphy warm water current maybe , make the metal expand . greer that shit be seriously bizarre . the distant shrieking echo continue as they hold there . ext . arctic warrior - deck - day the engine room be black with soot , the turbine cover in halon powder . dodge stand there look at it . he sigh . int . chimera - galley - day greer go through shelf of supplies , find a stack of sterno can and warming candle . he throw they into a wooden crate of other supplies he 's gather . int . chimera - first CLASS stateroom - day epp slowly push open the door . she hold a sack with a few item she 's manage to scavenge . Light fall from curtain window onto the room . a divan sit against the wall . a table stand in the middle of the room , a moth -eaten velvet table cloth sit under a brass lamp on top . two twin bed stand on either side . they be cover in dust and be moth -eaten , unmade , as if the occupant have just get up , fifty year ago . in one corner be a armoire . epp step up to it , pull back the door to reveal a rack of woman 's clothing hang there undisturbed . int . chimera - stateroom - moment later - day a pair of slipper lie on the floor beside a chair , over which be drape a woman 's robe . epp lift it , the material crumble in she hand . int . chimera - stateroom - moment later - day a drawer come back to reveal a number of personal affect , a man 's billfold , cuff link , tarnish silver cigarette holder and case , coin , black horn - rimmed glass , pocket watch and fob , and a room key . epp pull back the billfold . she open it . Inside she find a canadian passport a picture of a dark - haire man with a mustache and black horn -rimm glass , circa 1950 . in the fold she find three hundred canadian dollar . a insert hold picture , of a suburban home , child , and a woman , presumably he wife . int . chimera - " a " deck passage - later - day epp step from the room . she turn to close the door , but stop , hold there , strongly sense something . the camera slowly come around to her other side , revealing the long passageway behind she , each bulkhead hatchway create the impression of a tunnel of mirror that frame one another and , stand at the very end of this tunnel in the foggy light from a porthole , a man in dark clothing . epp slowly turn she head to see what she already sense , the man stand at the end of the passageway face she . a beat as they hold there . the man only stare back at she , then turn to walk away . epps hey ! epp move off as the man walk around the corner . epps hey , wait a minute ! hey ! moving with epp as she break into a run , go down the passageway . she come to the corner , round it out onto another passageway . the man be nowhere to be see . epp move quickly down the passageway , come to the next corner , round it out to see only another long passageway . she turn back , run right into Murphy . murphy take it easy , you will live longer . epps do you see he ? murphy who ? epps the guy . he just come this way . murphy what guy ? epps there 's somebody else on this boat . murphy what ? what the hell be you talk about . epps I see he . just a minute ago . some guy . murphy be you sure ? epps of course I be sure . I see he . murphy you sure it be not I ? epps it be not you . it be somebody else . there 's somebody else aboard . a beat as Murphy look back at she . int . arctic warrior - pilot house - night greer , dodge , Murphy , and epp stand around by lantern light . dodge Light in that passage be not so good . epps I be tell you , I see somebody . I do not know who it be . but I see somebody . greer what would he look like ? epps maybe six foot . lanky . I do not get a good look . he be far away . but I see he . I see he as sure as you be stand there . dodge where 's he boat , then ? where 's he crew ? he be not gonna be out here by himself , that 's for damn sure . greer she 's so big somebody could come alongside she on the other side and we would never know it . epps maybe that be he boat . dodge gimme a break . a beat as they sit in silence . murphy if somebody 's aboard she already , she be not ours . she 's theirs . dodge bullshit . that boat have not make steam for fifty year . we find she . she 's ours . murphy not in the eye of the law . epps so , we find this guy and make a deal with he . murphy we do not exactly have the best bargain position . dodge I say fuck the motherfucker . we be a professional salvage crew go about we business . what 's some yahoo do way out here by himself anyway ? murphy and what do you propose ? that we knock this guy off ? dodge why not ? why the fuck not ? a beat as Murphy , greer and epp exchange look . dodge fifty million dollar . fifty million . we gonna let this guy just take it from we ? one guy ? epps so we kill he ? dodge I be say we gotta do whatever we gotta do to preserve we interest . greer I do not know . murphy let 's just take it easy here , alright ? nobody 's gonna kill anybody . greer suppose he want to get bad with we ? dodge one guy be not gonna be so stupid . epps maybe he be not alone . they consider this a moment . greer I say we off - load some of that gold now . murphy would you hold on just a minute here , please ? look , there 's no reason to panic now . epp see somebody . Fine . it 's a big boat . chance be real good he do not even know about the gold . if we stay cool , nobody will be the wiser . ( a beat ) the gold stay where it be till we be ready to go . like I say , it will be a hell of a lot safer there than here . dodge what if that fucker find it before we be ready to go ? murphy we will stand a watch . four on , eight off . low man first . epps guess that would be I . again . murphy dodge , get on that turbine . I do not care if you do not sleep for a week . the sooner you be do , the sooner we can get out of here . how 's the food situation ? greer pretty low all around . murphy we will have to take it easy then . I do not think we will find much aboard the ship , but it 's probably worth look around . epps say we run into this guy again . a beat as they consider this . murphy if he 's reasonable , maybe we can make some kind of deal . if not . we will have to re-consider we option . dodge yeah , reconsider fuck he shit up . int . arctic warrior - ward locker - night epp be dress in she cold weather gear as she open a locker , revealing a flare gun and a shotgun . epp pull back the shotgun and a box of shell . ext . arctic warrior - deck - night Murphy and dodge look on as epp load the last of several shotgun shell into the pump action short barrel 12 - gauge . she expertly shuttle a round into the chamber with one hand . dodge take a hit from he cigarette as greer cross from the deck house . dodge pretty handy with that scatter gun , epp . you raise on a farm ? epps ( set the safety ) see a lota movie . murphy no cowboy shit up there , understand ? epps no cowboy shit . right . greer extend a thermos to epp . greer coffee . epps ( pockete it in she coat ) you be a pal . she check the squelch on she radio , pocket it too . murphy get you light ? epps yup . dodge smoke ? epps oh yeah . her bravado do little to hide she apprehension as she sling the shotgun on she back . epps see you boy later . ( to greer ) do not be late , I need my beauty rest . she look up , climb onto the crane and up toward the darken ship above they . int . chimera - passageway - night a flashlight beam cut through the darkness as epp approach . if this place be creepy in the daylight , it be terrifying now . she come to a ladder and climb down . int . chimera - cargo compartment - later - night epp shine she light as she pass through , come to the cargo hold . she cross in the darkness , she light catch the tarnish glint of the gold . she come up to it , stop there , look on at it , a perfectly symmetrical fortune . she look around for a place to sit . she drag a palette to the bulkhead , settling in to face the rest of the compartment . she put she shotgun down beside she and take out she thermos to pour herself a cup of coffee . int . chimera - cargo compartment - later - night epp have doze off when a clatter echoes distantly somewhere in the ship . epp wake . it be silent , as she hold there , not sure she hear anything , when a distant booming sound . she reach out for the shotgun , intently listen . as epp hold there , another deep booming sound distantly somewhere . epp turn , she blood run cold . int . chimera - cargo compartment - moment later - night epp move along in the darkness when the distant booming can be heard briefly again . she stop , hold there , in the silence . int . chimera - shaft alley - moment later - night epp jump down into the shaft alley where the ship 's massive propeller shaft hang suspend above she . epp move along . finally she come out into ... int . chimera - engine room - continuous - night where the propeller shaft extend into a large turbine . she continue on , past huge rusting diesel burner , disappear into the darkness above she , when another boom sound . she turn , shin she light back from where she come . nothing move . not a sound , but for she breathe and maybe she heart pound in she chest . another boom sound , again echoing distantly in the silence . she shine she light through the line of burner . nothing move . epp move quietly between the burner . she come to a massive watertight door at the bulkhead . she step through , find herself stand between a row of huge oil storage tank . the booming sound again , closer , as suddenly stop . she move on , cautiously walk between the tank , hold she light out before she . she come to the end of the compartment and another bulkhead . the booming sound , still closer . she turn the light into the recess , show rusting machinery and a stack of oil drum . she approach , hold the shotgun up . as she near , the booming sound again . she stop . it be come from here . she tense , raise the shotgun , hold the light as steady as she can manage . the booming sound yet again . it be metallic and staccato . she stop in the corner beside a oil drum . several drum have topple and lie scattered in a pile when a draft stir she hair . she shine she light up to see that she stand at the bottom of a giant hatchway shaft rise all the way through the ship to the top deck and a echoey breeze that betray a throughway to the outside . the booming sound again , this time come from the pile of oil drum . she step closer , raise the shotgun , ready to fire . a beat as she summon she courage , then reach out to push a drum with she foot , when a blur explode out at her . she fire the shotgun and a spray of buckshot glance off the steel bulkhead in a shower of spark , a flurry of frenetic flap whizzing by she head as she look up to see a large albatross fly back up the hatchway shaft toward the top of the ship and freedom . murphy Murphy to epp . she settles back , exhaust . murphy Murphy to epp . epps ( take she radio ) epp . murphy you just shoot at something ? epps yeah . just a bird . just a stupid bird . she wipe she brow on she sleeve , hold there a moment , when she smell something really awful . she step forward , follow the smell , push aside the topple oil drum to see a unidentifiable form in the beam of she flashlight . she step still closer , training she light on the form to see that it be a human torso . a large gash run up its middle and the clothing have be tear by scavenge bird . she hesitates , then step still closer when she step on something . she start , then shine the light on the deck in front of she where the body 's decaye head look back with wide , unsee eye . it take everything she have just to hold there . she shine she light back to the headless torso . she shine she light beyond that , and up , to reveal a bent steam pipe hang out over the deck , stain with dry blood , a pair of leg dangle from the pipe when , just behind she , a boot foot come into frame , lightly touch she . she spin around to see another body above she . except this one hang in one piece , suspend from another bent steam pipe . it have be impale length - wise on the pipe from rectum to mouth . one of its arm have rotted off and lie on the deck below it . a few foot away , a third body hang impale from another bent pipe . int . chimera - engine room - later - night a lantern illuminate the impale body and they various rotting part . greer ( o.s. ) Ho -ly shit . murphy ( o.s. ) could not have happen much more than a month ago . greer , dodge , and epp look on as Murphy kneel over the remain of the headless torso . murphy body be too fresh . dodge Fresh be not the first word that come to mind . Murphy check the pocket , find a wallet . he look through it . murphy Greek citizen . merchant navy . ( stand ) obviously we be not the first to come across this ship . they probably stumble across it just like we do . greer and look what happen . dodge damn barbaric be what it be . murphy could be mean as a warning . greer stay away . or else . epps because of the gold . murphy that would be my guess . dodge so whoever do this might still be around . greer maybe epp 's mystery man have something to do with it . murphy maybe . a beat as they consider the implication of this . epps so , what ? we report this ? call the coastguard ? another beat as they hold there . dodge let 's not be too hasty . greer yeah . Hell , what difference do it make if we report it now or later ? we call this in now , gonna be coastguard , FBI , who know who , all over the place . a beat as nobody 's too sure about this . murphy dodge , if this be not incentive enough to fix that boat , I do not know what be . dissolve to : int . arctic warrior - engine room - day dodge fire up a compressor , which feebly come to life , turn over the turbine , then sputtering out in a cloud of smoke . dodge all the seal and gasket be shot . anything that be rubber burn up . Murphy stand at the doorway , look on . murphy can not you use something else ? dodge I might be able to find something on the ship . but it 's gonna take time . murphy do what you need to do . just do it fast . dodge right . int . chimera - crew quarter - day epp sleep in she bunk . int . chimera - between deck - day dodge and greer climb down in the darkness . dodge I need lag bolt , especially one inch standard . and sheet metal . preferably steel , about a sixteenth of a inch . aluminium , even tin'll do . greer I be not no mechanic , just so you know . dodge you find anything that even look like a compressor . I do not care what , grab it . int . chimera - radio room - continuous - day Murphy stand in the cramped room , full of radio and communication equipment . he look through the shelf and cabinet , when he open a drawer to find a dusty bound book . he pull it back , open it to see that it be a radio call log . he take a seat , paging through it . int . chimera - galley - with greer - later - day greer work to disassemble a compressor mechanism . he have difficulty get the right purchase with he wrench , when he slip . greer dammit ! a beat as he inspect he hand . in the silence a distant shriek sound , maybe metal against metal or maybe human , somewhere in the ship . he hold there , listen . greer dodge ? he move on , shin he light as he go . int . chimera - galley - moment later - day greer move along in the darkness when he hear the shrieking again come from somewhere in the ship . greer dodge ! int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day greer walk up a stairway , step into a darken passageway . the shrieking sound , this time closer , as it echoe through the ship . he stop , hold there to listen . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day greer come out onto another deck , stop there . he look down the passageway a beat , then move on . he pass through a hatchway in a bulkhead when a music BOX can be distantly heard . he stop . the song be " daisy " ( " Daisy , Daisy , give I you answer do . I be half crazy , oh for the love of you . " ) . he hold there , listen intently . a door stand open at the other end of the passage . the music come from here . he move forward , walk toward the end of the passage , and the light fall from the open door . int . chimera - radio room - continuous - day Murphy page forward to the last page of the radio call log book . on the page he finger run down the column of entry , come to " transmission 1 Feb 53 21:34 hrs GMT . engine trouble notification make to pass vessel ' St. Charles . ' " his finger move down to the next entry , come to : " transmission 2 Feb 53 09:52 hrs GMT . Dead in Water . notification make to pass vessel ' normandy . ' " his finger continue : " transmission 2 Feb 53 14:07 hrs GMT . Captain relieved of command . notification make to pass vessel ' China Sea . ' " murphy Captain relieved of command . he hold there a moment , move he finger down to the final entry , read : " transmission 2 Feb 53 21:24 hrs GMT . General sos . " he turn the page to see only the word " GOD save US " scrawle in fade red ink . a beat as he hold there , when a channel open with a short burst on murphy' radio . he look to it , but there be no response from the other end . another short burst and the channel open again . this time it remain open , but no one say anything on the other end , until the channel close again . Murphy take the radio . murphy this be Murphy . anybody try to call I ? over . he wait as no response come , then the channel open again . only silence from the other end as someone seem to be there , but be not say anything . Murphy press the talk button . murphy greer ? dodge ? again , there be no response , until the channel open . Murphy hold there as he be answer by silence , when a gravelly , strangely distorted male voice come back on the radio : voice ( v.o. radio ) " cock -a-doodle - doo , " say the rooster to the crow . " where be you now ? I know , but will not say so . " Murphy be momentarily stunne . he hit the talk button . murphy who be this ? the radio channel open . only silence come back , as if someone be there but not speak . murphy who be this !! the camera push in as murphy listen . voice penny whistle toy . penny whistle toy . penny whistle toy . penny whistle toy . the channel close as the camera stop close on murphy . Murphy squeeze the talk button . murphy greer ! dodge ! only silence come back from the radio when a man' blood curdling scream sound from somewhere in the ship . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day Murphy move quickly down the passageway when he radio sound . dodge dodge to Murphy . murphy ( take radio ) Murphy . dodge you better get down here quick , skipper . I be on " C " deck . cabin 400 . murphy what be it ? dodge I think you better see this for yourself . int . chimera - stairway / passageway - moment later - day Murphy come down the stair and into the passageway we see greer in earlier . at the end , the light from the cabin fall from the open door as he approach . at cabin 400 as Murphy come to the door to see dodge stand in the middle of the cabin . dodge I find he like this . greer be lie supine on the floor . his leg be rigid and he trunk be extend . his arm be flex and twisted so that the palm be face away , finger splay , wrist quaking over he chest as they fight to touch each other . Murphy kneel beside he . greer 's eyelid be half close , he eye roll up into he head . his jaw be clench , face contort in a bizarre grimace . and he speak , uttering nonsense word in harsh expulsion , as though speak in tongue . greer Oragishlaoomnudrasadrafantoshviska getofedobrodijotosiantosg . int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - day a eye - extremely close as a light shine in it , the pupil be fix and dilate . epps ( o.s. ) hard to say . back to scene greer lie unconscious on a bunk , now quiet , no longer seize as epp shine a flashlight into he eye , dodge and Murphy look on . she turn it off , stand upright . epps I be no doctor . but I would say he 's in a coma . dodge a what ? epps I do not know what else you would call it . he 's breathe on he own , but he pupil be completely blow out . he 's totally unresponsive to pain . ( a beat ) what happen up there ? dodge I hear a scream . when I get there I find he on the floor . he be have some kind of seizure . I do not see anybody else . murphy he must have see something . a beat as they consider this . epps other than the obvious , there 's nothing wrong with he that I can see , not on the outside . dodge then what the hell happen to he ? another beat as they hold there . murphy just before I hear he yell there be somebody on the radio . epps greer ? murphy I do not know . no. not greer. somebody . another long beat as they think about this . murphy it be a man 's voice . repeating some sort of child 's rhyme . I do not know , it do not make any sense . you do not hear it ? dodge not I . another beat as this sink in . epps ( look to greer ) he need a doctor . murphy I will call we in . dodge , see how many signal flare you can scrounge up . ( to epp , meaning dodge ) keep a eye on he . int . arctic warrior - pilot house - night a gas lantern sit on the map table illuminate Murphy as he hold the radio mic . murphy ( to radio ) United States coastguard , United States coastguard , United States coastguard . this be tugboat Arctic warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two . over . no response . murphy ( to radio ) United States coastguard , United States coastguard , United States coastguard . this be tugboat Arctic warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two . over . again , no response . he hold there , then finally : murphy ( to radio ) mayday . mayday . mayday . to any vessel . this be Arctic warrior . Arctic warrior . Arctic warrior . whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two . last know position one seven four west , five seven north . I be afloat and drift . require immediate medical assistance for one person , possibly comatose . I be a one hundred twenty foot civilian tug , hove to at port bow of disabled passenger liner chimera . I repeat , chimera . over . only the desolate white noise of empty AIR come back . int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - night greer lie unconscious as epp look on at he . the door come open and Murphy step in . murphy how 's he do ? epps same . any luck ? murphy no. I will try again later . a beat as they look on at greer . int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - night Murphy and epp sit at the galley table . epp read the log book Murphy find in the radio room . epps ( read it ) they be dead in the water that morning . four hour later the captain 's relieved of he command . and that evening they issue a general sos . murphy possibly false . hence the ima record of be lose at sea . I do not think mutiny 's out of the question here . dodge ( take a seat ) on a passenger ship in 1953 ? murphy if they know what they be carry . epps you be say they mutiny for the gold ? murphy if they be close enough to shore , they probably figure they could get away in the lifeboat . epps only something must have go wrong . dodge yeah , way wrong . a beat as they consider it . dodge so. I get a question . just from a , you know , purely technical standpoint . we call the coastguard . coastguard show up . what exactly be the plan ? murphy how do you mean ? dodge well , they be gonna be ask a lot of question . about we . about that body . about the gold . seem like we oughta be prepare be all . murphy I guess the best strategy 's just to tell they the truth . dodge yeah , well . the truth be one thing . when there 's more than a few hundred million dollar involved , that 's a whole new deal . murphy what do you propose ? dodge for starter , get that gold off the ship . what they do not know about be not gonna bother they . a beat as Murphy hold there . murphy there 's no way we be gonna hide a few thousand pound of gold from the coastguard here . besides , it will be safer where it be . dodge with all due respect , skipper . ( a beat ) part of that up there 's mine . I would kinda like to have a little say in what happen to it . a beat as Murphy look on . murphy tell you what , dodge . once we get back to shore , you can do whatever you want with you share . but until then , the gold stay right where it be . dodge hold there . he look to epp a beat , take a drink of coffee . ext . chimera - day the sun come up over a spectacular cloud bank as the Arctic warrior drift alongside the chimera . ext . arctic warrior - day Murphy cross to the deck house , climb the stair . int . arctic warrior - pilothouse - continuous - day Murphy open the door , stop dead in he track . a beat . he step forward , crossing to the corner . the radio set lie before he , dent in and completely demolish , as if someone have take a bat to it . int . arctic warrior - engine room - moment later - day dodge work on one of the turbine when he be grab from behind and shove into the wall . Murphy hold he fast . murphy just what the hell do you think you be do ?! dodge I do not know what you be talk about ? murphy I think you know . dodge maybe you can tell I then . Murphy shove he hard into the wall . murphy the radio ! dodge ( not have a clue ) the radio . oh , yeah , the radio . Murphy tighten he grip . dodge take it easy , willya ? what about the radio ?! murphy you smashed it ! dodge what ?! murphy do not lie to I ! dodge what the fuck -- ? murphy you do not want we call anybody . too liable to ruin you big payday . dodge I do not touch the fuck radio . Murphy tighten he grip still more . dodge I do not touch the fuck radio ! ( a beat ) ever occur to you there 's somebody else on that boat , skipper ? murphy conveniently enough for you . dodge look , I do not touch it . alright ? Murphy hold there a beat longer . he shove dodge back let he go . dodge Jesus . dodge check he throat as Murphy look on . epps ( o.s. ) Murphy . they turn to see epp in the hatchway . epps it 's greer . int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - moment later - day greer stand at the galley sink finish off the last of a jug of water as Murphy and the other step in . he turn to see they . greer never be more thirsty in my life . murphy drink up then . greer smile , raise the jug to drink as the other take a seat , look on at he . murphy how're you feel ? greer lose my sea leg . epps any dizziness ? greer no . epps headache , nausea , light ? greer light ? epps sudden flash of light . greer I feel fine . dodge what day be it ? greer I do not know . Tuesday ? dodge wrong . it 's Friday . epps try Wednesday . dodge right . Wednesday . a beat as they all hold there . greer take a seat . greer what happen ? murphy you do not remember ? greer last thing I remember I be aboard the chimera . down somewhere in there scavenge around . murphy you have be out for about a day . greer say what ? murphy dodge find you out cold in one of the cabin . greer only hold there . greer oh , man . murphy we hear you scream . any idea what you might have see ? greer I wish I could tell you . I would be real interested to know myself . another beat as they hold there , as greer take another drink of water . murphy the ah ... the radio 's out . epps what ? murphy somebody take it out of commission last night . a beat as they all hold there . murphy smashed it up pretty bad . epps but , who -- ? dodge the skipper seem to think I do it . that I be more interested in that gold than my own safety or the safety of my fellow shipmate . a beat as they hold there , as Murphy look back . epps do you ? dodge Hell no . you think I be crazy ? another beat as they hold there . murphy regardless of how it happen , there be not much of a chance to fix it . the odd of another vessel in range of the walkie-talky be almost astronomical . so , as of today , we be pretty much on we own out here . int . chimera - stairway - day epp and Murphy , carry the shotgun , make they way in the ship . int . arctic warrior - first mate quarter - day greer stop before a mirror to see himself . he find a aspirin bottle , go to open it . and as he do so , he see that he hand be shaking uncontrollably . int . arctic warrior - engine room - day dodge work over the turbine . he stop , hold there . he look on at the plug and wire and hose . a beat . he begin pull out the hose and wire , grab at they , yanking they loose , break they off . int . chimera - radio room - day the chassis come off a old radio to reveal a dusty assortment of tube and condenser . Murphy look on at it . with epps a tatter , bound book lie in the refuse of a forget corner . epp pick it up . the cover have be rip off and the page be tear . but , as she look through it , she see that it be the ship 's log . epps Murphy . Murphy step over as she page through the log book to the very end . the last page have be rip out . epps look like part of the general log . epp point to a page that have be incompletely rip out . epps " the crew have go mad with greed and fight among themselves like wild dog over fresh kill . " murphy February first . epps the same day she supposedly go down . murphy must not have be the captain 's entry . he be probably out of the picture by then . epp continue to read . epps " they lack diligence have undoubtedly cause the collision . distress call have be make . " murphy collision ? with what ? epps the page 's miss . then they sos be real . murphy but where 's the damage ? epps maybe the other ship take the worst of it . murphy if it be a ship she hit . a beat as they hold there , when he radio crackle to life . dodge dodge to Murphy ! Murphy reach down for he radio . murphy ( to radio ) yeah . dodge you better get down here right now ! we be take water ! Big time ! ext . arctic warrior - day Murphy and epp jump from the deck crane as the tug be start to list to one side . he cross to the deck house and the open engine room hatch to see that it be rapidly fill with seawater as greer and dodge scramble to set a pump hose over the din of the pump . murphy what the hell happen ! dodge turbine chamber on number two must have blow ! take out part of the hull ! greer we be not gonna be able to pump it ! murphy alright . everybody grab you gear ! this ' be where we get off ! ext . arctic warrior - moment later - day the tug be list radically to the side , its deck awash with seawater , as epp , greer , and Murphy scramble with they gear to the crane . Water be start to pour out of the deckhouse hatch as the tower framework rise over the pilothouse stab precariously at the bow of the chimera . Murphy stop to shout back at the deckhouse . murphy dodge ! int . arctic warrior - crew quarter - continuous - day Water be start to pour in as the entire cabin lurch to one side . dodge wade through toward the door . ext . chimera - forward deck - continuous - day epp pull herself up onto the deck , greer follow behind , then Murphy . dodge can be see step from the deckhouse on the tug , which now list at a near 45 degree angle . with dodge dodge stumble toward the bow , slip on the wet deck . he go down , slide into the water that wash over the starboard rail . he pull himself up , use a cleat to push off . a deck locker open and the content tumble around he . he struggle to pull himself up to the base of the pilothouse . he climb up and edge he way toward the bow . with the other epp , greer and Murphy look on as dodge climb up on the skew deck crane . with dodge the tug be slowly lurching over as dodge climb the crane , the top of which be sweeping away from the chimera . below , the deck of the tug be sweep with seawater as it sink lower and lower . with the other they look on as dodge climb toward they , the sink tug pull dodge and the crane away from the ship . greer pull back a line , tie it into the deck railing . with dodge as dodge make he way up , he 's force to climb onto the other side of the crane to keep from dangle over the water . above , greer cast a line . it fall near , but out of reach as the swell of the water start to swing the crane to and for . dodge reach out for the line again , he hand come close but not close enough . the swell bring the crane toward the boat one last time and dodge reach out , he finger just come to the line , coax it into he grasp . he pull it back and hang on , as the crane sway back with the founder boat . the crane fall away from dodge , leave he hang in space by the line from the bow of the chimera . with the other Murphy , greer and epp look on as dodge hang over the water and the tug as its stern slowly sink beneath the wave . dodge climb the line toward the bow railing as the tug roll still further to port , the pilothouse dip into the sea , slip lower and lower . with dodge as he pull himself upward , come to the bottom of the rail well on the chimera where Murphy reach out , just short of dodge 's hand . a screeching sound and they turn to see the twin tow cable come teach against the hull in the anchor alley 's of the chimera as the sink tug pull they tight . with a concussive strike , one cable be freed , snap against the chimera 's hull like a giant steel guitar string . it start slide along the hull as the tug drift , pull the cable with it , toward dodge as he dangle in mid air . dodge pull himself up , reach for Murphy , but still short . a loud hissing sound and dodge turn to see misty air escape from port and deck vent as the encroach water force it out of the tug below deck . the tow cable loudly scrape the hull in a shower of rust , as dodge struggle to pull himself up . Murphy reach out as dodge extend as far as he can , they hand barely reach . the tow cable be a mere few foot away and close , ready to scrape dodge into the water or smear he across the hull like a bug on a windshield , when dodge pull himself up with everything he 's get and Murphy grab he hand . Murphy pull , lift dodge , as greer grab dodge 's other hand and they pull he up , the tow cable sweeping by with a sickening grinding SOUND of heavy steel against steel . dodge turn to see the bow of the tug dip below the surface , slowly go under until disappear with a last exhalation of misty air . the pilothouse be next to go , the last of it slip into the froth water , then the crane , finally disappear altogether into the depth . a long beat as they hold there in the sudden silence , phantom bubbles rise to the surface where the tug once stand . ext . chimera - top deck - day a boot punch through a rotten wood hull . murphy ( o.s. ) that just about say it all . greer stand at the bow of a lifeboat suspend from halyard above the deck . greer rotten stem to stern . guess you could not expect much else . greer jump down as Murphy , dodge , and epp look on . greer we be not exactly in what you would call you high traffic neighborhood either . murphy the coast guard have we last position . they will send somebody out soon enough . a ship this size you can not exactly miss . epps it 's a good bet they will be ask a lot of question when they get here too . murphy let them ask . this ship 's legally ours now . dodge when they find out what it 's carry , they may not be so interested in what 's legal . greer maybe you shoulda think a that before you scuttle we boat . dodge turn to see greer . a beat . dodge the turbine blow . greer lemme see , be that before or after the oil fire ? a beat . dodge take a swing at greer . murphy ( grab dodge ) easy , easy . Murphy hold on to dodge as he will have none of it . greer gettin ' a little hot under the collar , I would say . murphy shut up . greer must be a little too the truth , eh dodge ? dodge jump forward again , but Murphy hang on . murphy I say , shut the hell up . Murphy shove dodge back . murphy both of you . I do not want to hear it again . a beat as greer and Murphy hold there . murphy so just stow it . you understand ? ( a beat ) we do not need this right now . ext . chimera - foredeck - night a fire burn in a oil drum as epp , Murphy , dodge and greer sit around it in silence . int . chimera - 4 th officer's stateroom - night epp step in . she shine she light on the room . it be exactly as it be leave . she cross to the bed , shine she light under it . she sit down , try it . int . chimera - cargo hold - night dodge move in the darkness , come to the corner where the stack gold ingot rest . he look on at they . murphy ( o.s. ) you should not be down here alone . dodge turn to see Murphy stand there . dodge just want to check on we little baby . a beat as they look on at the gold . dodge that oughta buy a man pretty much anything he want . murphy if money can buy what he want . dodge I do not figure there 's much I want money can not buy . murphy then you be a lucky man . Murphy toss the shotgun to dodge , who catch it . murphy we will stand the watch on deck tonight . you be up first . dodge right . Murphy hold there a beat longer , then turn to go , as dodge look after he . ext . chimera - day a grey chop gently rock the chimera , smoke rise from the top deck . ext . chimera - top deck - day greer and dodge tend the flame of three fire barrel , add break up furniture to create heavy signal smoke . int . chimera - pantry - day Murphy move through the pantry area with a pillow case , scavenge for food . int . chimera - galley - day epp scavenge for food in the semi-darkness of the large , open galley , when a movement can be heard somewhere beyond the entry separate the galley from the outer passageway . epps Murphy ? no one answer . she look off across the stillness of the galley . nothing . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day epp step into the passageway . directly across be the entry to the swim pool . she walk on . int . chimera - swimming pool - day epp step in . Light fall in from the dirty port hole at the ceiling , every movement echoing off the hard tile wall . she hold there a beat , then turn to go when she see a girl of about 16 face she on the other side of the pool . epp hold there , as the girl only look back . she be porcelain white , flaxen hair draw behind she head , she clothing hang loosely from a frail body . girl you must leave . a beat as epp stand there . epps ( finally ) who be you ? from this distance and in the light it be hard to fully discern the girl 's feature . girl there 's great evil here , more than you can know . leave now or you may never leave . epps but -- a hatch close somewhere in the ship . epp turn to look . when she turn back the girl be go . a quiet " tick " SOUND echoes in the pool . she look down to see that the pool be now very , very deep , like a mine shaft fall away into the depth . and , as she stand there , dark water be quickly rise up from the bottom . she step back as the water gradually fill the pool to the top . it be very dark and the bottom be indiscernible , when the water begin to churn , as from bubbles of air reach the surface . epp step closer , look on as a faint red glow can be see deep in the water below the churn bubbles . as she watch , the red glow grow in intensity . the glow spread , illuminate a broad area until it become clear that the water be not water at all but blood . and , as the light grow still brighter , a figure be illuminate , well below the surface as it seem to rise up . epp look on as the figure rise higher into the light . it be a man , fight desperately to reach the surface . the bubbles that rise up be produce from he silent scream . epp start forward , but another figure rise to the same point , a woman , also struggle . another man float up , then another , and another , people float up , fight desperately to reach the surface , unable to do so , drown in blood . epps my God .... epp reach out over the edge , plunging she hand into the blood , reach for the man 's hand , but they be too far apart . she struggle desperately as the man fight to get to the surface . the other be fight for the surface too , as epp reach out , near tear , helpless to do anything . epps no !! everything suddenly stop . a beat as epp only hold there . the blood be go , as be the people . the pool be back to its normal state as though nothing have happen , epp look on in disbelief . murphy ( o.s. ) you okay ? epp look up to see Murphy stand at the door . epps yeah . ( look back to the pool ) yeah , fine . a beat as she hold there , look on at the pool . ext . chimera - foreward deck - night greer , Murphy , dodge , and epp sit on deck around the fire . dodge you would think on a ship this size there would be something leave to eat . greer after fifty year there be not nothin ' leave but shoe leather . murphy tomorrow we will see if we can not find some line and tackle . use some of that body below deck for bait . dodge there 's a charming think . greer we can always start shoot bird . epp coax a hit out of she last cigarette . dodge what say , epp ? you up for some roast albatross ? epps ( snuffing it out ) why not ? int . chimera - 1st officer's stateroom - night the SOUND of someone breathing hard can be heard in the dark room . as the camera slowly move into the room , we see that it be greer , lie on the bed . his body be tense and he arm arch rigidly toward he chest . his jaw be clench and he expel harsh , guttural utterance , experience something between a night terror and a seizure . int . chimera - wheelhouse - day sheet of rain come down on the deck in the grey light of morning . Murphy stand on the bridge , look off at it come down when greer step in . greer look like we be in a strong current . ( close the door ) must be make almost five knot full on ass backwards . greer cross to the window , step up . greer nasty little swell outa the north west too . Murphy nod as he look out . murphy let 's just hope somebody see we first out here . int . chimera - purser office - day a file drawer come open , revealing ticket receipt . epp look on at it . the receipt be label " full fare passage " and be divide by first , second , and third class . she go through they , come to a section that say " accompanied child . " she pull out the folder , lay it on the counter , open it . the first page be a receipt for a single passage to halifax for a tatterly , Stephen age : 14 . she pull it back to reveal another , Wilson , harold age : 4 . another , vitti , Angela age : 17 . she page through the stack , look at the age : 3 , 15 , 6 , 11 , 1 , until come across a 9 . she look to the name , klein , David , a boy . she continue paging through the receipt come to another 9 . she stop , look to the name , Nichols , Katherine age : 16 . a girl . she look to the cabin assignment : " 400 . " she note that it be the same cabin where greer be find , when a reverberant concussion sound through the ship . ext . chimera - top deck - continuous - day dodge run to the side to see a 15 foot wide by 40 foot tall steel and concrete mid-ocean buoy bounce off the transom as the ship drift into it . with greer and murphy they come to the side at the wheelhouse , see the bright orange letter " noaa " emblazon on the buoy 's float pod as the ship drift by . murphy it 's a noaa buoy . greer a what ? murphy government weather . it 's get a transmitter aboard . ext . chimera - forward deck - moment later - day dodge quickly tie a loop in a coil of docking line as greer , epp , and Murphy look on at the approach buoy . murphy let 's go , let 's go , let 's go . dodge finish as epp tie the other end off to a cleat . on the buoy as it drift along the side of the chimera . Murphy drop the line down , the buoy bounce on the swell . back to scene Murphy pull the loop up as the buoy near , aim to hook it on its wind gauge . on the buoy the buoy approach , rise and fall with the swell . back to scene Murphy correct . epps Higher . you be gonna miss it . Murphy hold the loop steady . on the buoy the loop be too low . it 's go to miss the mark as the buoy drift toward it , when the swell drop and the buoy go down . back to scene Murphy yank on the line . on the buoy and the loop catch on the wind gauge . back to scene as the line go teach he pull he hand away just in time , the line snap hard against the rail . below , the buoy heel over as it 's pull . on the buoy it drop with the swell , the line stretch , then swinging the giant concrete buoy float into the side of the hull with a huge booming clang . back to scene the line be smoking with the friction , the steel railing bow a little with the weight as they look on . greer we be still drift . murphy the moor have not come teach . epps it 's not gonna hold we . murphy do not matter . on the buoy as the buoy fall again with a swell and slam into the side of the ship . the water return , lift it high . the ship be drag it back and it begin to rise up as its moor come teach . the line rise with it and soon the buoy be at a steep angle as it come out of the water . back to scene the buoy be hold fast between the docking line and its own moor . on the buoy the buoy rise fully from the water , all three ton of it , and as it do , the wind gauge 's steel mount begin to bend . back to scene as they watch the buoy suspend over the water between the creak docking line and its own underwater moor cable . dodge no fuck way . on the buoy the gauge mount snap and the docking line flail free , send the buoy hurtle back into the water in a curtain of spray , whipping wildly from side to side . back to scene the buoy swing back and forth as it rights itself , rise on a swell , pass beyond the bow of the chimera . murphy damn it . they look on in silence , the buoy slowly recede as the ship drift away . ext . chimera - foredeck - night Murphy stand watch by the fire as epp join he . epps hey . murphy hey . epps could not sleep . murphy wish I could say the same . they watch the fire in silence for a moment . epps what do you think happen on this boat ? murphy I guess that 's the sixty four thousand dollar question , be not it ? epps the what ? murphy never mind . before you time . ( a beat ) I think at least some of the crew go a little nut . the usual stuff that happen when people stumble on a fortune . equal part greed and paranoia , usually result in homicide . what happen after that be anybody 's guess . but , judge by we Greek friend down below , it do not look like the last time . epps be we smart enough to avoid that ? murphy I do not know , be we ? a beat as she look back at he . she look back to the fire , watch it . epps when you find I yesterday , at the pool . I would see ... something . someone . murphy not we mystery guest again . epps no. someone else . a girl . ( hesitate , a beat ) I be not sure she be ... real . she look up to Murphy . murphy not real ? a beat as she only look back . murphy what , like some kind of ghost ? epps I do not know what else you would call she . one second she be there , the next she be go . another beat as he look on at she . epps and I have a kind of hallucination . ( a beat ) there be other . I see they in the pool . drown . a beat as Murphy look back , as she see he . epps maybe hallucination be the wrong word . it be more than that . as though they be show I . murphy show you what ? epps what happen . murphy maybe it be one of they do the handy work on that Greeks . epps no . I think they be , be , just passenger . innocent victim . murphy victim of what ? epps something bad happen here , Murphy . murphy that much I think we have already establish . epps more than just a mutiny . more than just the gold . a beat as he hold there . epps she say the ship be evil . that we have to leave right away . that if we do not , we might never leave . murphy what 's that suppose to mean ? epps I do not know . a beat as she look back . murphy why you ? how come the rest of we have not see this people ? epps just lucky I guess . another beat as he hold on she . murphy well . get off this ship 's exactly what we be try to do . short of that , I do not know what else to tell you . she only look back at he , then into the fire . murphy do I a favor and wake up dodge . he 's next on . she start to get up . murphy and epp ? she stand , look back at he . murphy you can tell the other about this . but , for my money , I think it 's best you keep it to yourself . she hold there a beat longer , then turn , walk off . int . chimera - passageway - later - day epp come to the 2nd officer 's door , knock . epps dodge . ( no answer , knock again ) dodge . dodge ( o.s. ) ( finally , from inside ) what ? epps get up . dodge ( o.s. ) yeah , yeah . int . chimera - 4 th officer room - night epp sit down on the bed . she lie back , not sleepy . a beat as she hold there in the darkness . ext . chimera - foredeck - night Murphy still sit by the fire as dodge groggily approach from the officer quarter , carry a blanket and a jug of water . murphy you be late . dodge sorry . murphy ( hand he the shotgun ) do not fall asleep . dodge ( lay out he blanket ) right . int . chimera - 1st officer's stateroom - night greer lie asleep on the bed . but he sleep be fitful , increasingly agitate , torment . it be as if he try to speak , but cannot . as the camera push slowly in , he word be force and garble , speak in the same nonsensical language he speak earlier , when he wake with a start . ext . chimera - foredeck - night dodge doze , cradling the shotgun in he arm , when music can be heard very distantly . dodge wake . it be " Daisy " play on a music box somewhere in the ship . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - night dodge move along as the music BOX distantly continue . int . chimera - stairway / passageway - moment later - night dodge move cautiously down the stairway into another passageway . he approach from the other end . he pass the open door of stateroom after stateroom . the music BOX be closer here . it stop . he hold there in the darkness . he turn , shine he light back down the passageway . a beat . it be silent , when the channel of he radio open with a short burst . he raise he radio . but no one say anything , the channel remaining OPEN , a discernible presence on the other end . dodge dodge . someone's Pov - from the far end slowly moving toward dodge as he can be see from the other end of the passageway . back to scene he get no response , then press the talk button . dodge this be dodge . over . he be answer by silence , the channel remaining OPEN , when the gravelly distorted voice that murphy heard come back on the radio : voice " cock -a-doodle - doo , " say the rooster to the crow . " where be you now ? I know but will not say so . " dodge hit the talk button . dodge who be this ? the radio channel open , but only silence come back . dodge identify yourself , motherfucker ! someone's Pov - from the far end slowly moving toward dodge as he can be see from the far end of the passageway . back to scene only silence return on the radio as dodge hold there , then : voice penny whistle toy . penny whistle toy . the camera push slowly in on dodge as he listen . voice penny whistle toy . penny whistle toy -- . dodge sense something behind he . he turn , and before he can draw a breath to shout , something heavy slam into he in the darkness , he flashlight tumble away in a squiggle of light . on shotgun as the shotgun clatter to the deck , the muzzle rest in frame as the radio fall a few foot away . a beat . the shotgun muzzle slide out of frame as some unseen person or thing pull it away . ext . chimera - day a grey overcast stretch to the horizon . ext . chimera - foredeck - day Murphy come out onto the deck . dodge be nowhere to be see . murphy dodge ? int . chimera - galley storage compartment - day epp shine she light on something . epps check it out . greer raise he light to reveal row of can goods . they be industrial size can , from the 1950s . greer take one . greer I do not even want to know what that 's gonna taste like now . epps better than starve to death . epp ' radio crackle awake . murphy Murphy to epp . epps ( raise the radio ) epp , over . murphy either of you see dodge ? she look to greer who shake he head . epps nope . murphy he 's not on deck and I can not raise he on the radio . ext . chimera - foredeck - later - day dodge 's stuff be laid out under the shelter of a vent duct as greer , epp , and Murphy stand over it . a blanket , a pillow and a plastic jug of water be all that remain . murphy he take the shotgun and a light . greer must have hear something below deck and go down to check it out . a beat as they hold there . murphy alright . we stay together . nobody go any further than earshot . int . chimera - below deck - day greer and epp move along as Murphy raise he radio . murphy ( into radio ) Murphy to dodge . Murphy to dodge . over . int . chimera - passageway - continuous - day dodge 's radio lie in the detritus of the ship as Murphy 's voice can be hear on it . murphy Murphy to dodge . do you copy ? over . int . chimera - engineering - later - day epp move cautiously along in the darkness . murphy ( o.s. ) epp ? you there ? epps right here . with murphy as he move along as well , eye open . murphy greer ? with greer as greer move along too . greer yeah , yeah . int . chimera - below deck - later - day epp jump down , shine she light over machinery and across bulkhead when a whispering can be heard somewhere . she hold there , listen . it be echoey , distant . epps Murphy ? no response as epp hold there . the whispering sound again , far off , unintelligible . it stop . she move on , shin she light . int . chimera - below deck - moment later - day epp move along in the darkness , hold the flashlight before she , when the whispering sound again . epp stop , hold there in the silence . she reach for she radio . the whispering sound again . epp turn to pinpoint it , come from somewhere in the cavernous space . int . chimera - below deck - moment later - day epp pass under a catwalk . she move on , pass a row of standpipe . epp stop , listen . somewhere , the whispering can be heard , then stop . it be absolutely silent . in the darkness behind she , the girl ( katie ) pull back into the shadow . epp hold there a beat , then turn , run into greer with a start . greer sorry . do not mean to scare you . she hold there a beat , look around . greer you okay ? epps yeah . Fine . I just think I hear something be all . greer what ? epps nothing . let 's get outa here . they start to leave , when epp notice something . she stop . Beyond the standpipe , a faint glow can be see in the darkness . epp step forward , crossing to it . greer follow . moving with epps as epp approach , greer behind she . the light be dim and low to the deck . she stop . with the light as epp start toward it again . she and greer come up to it , stop there . she kneel , the dim glow shine on she . she reach out toward it , pull back dodge 's flashlight , still on . she turn it off , stand . she shine she light into the darkness and start off , greer follow . int . chimera - below deck - moment later - day epp and greer move along , shine they light as they go , when something catch in the beam of epp ' flashlight . it be dodge 's radio . they stop over it . epp pick it up , inspect it . she look to greer , when a single dark spot appear on epp ' cheek . it begin to run , a crimson tear . she raise she hand to touch it , inspect she finger to see that it be blood . she look to greer . they both look up to see , hang suspend above they , dodge 's face stare back down at they from the darkness . he have be imperfectly impale , the sharp point of a high pressure steam pipe protrude from he neck , head hang limp beside it . int . chimera - below deck - later - day greer and Murphy lower dodge 's body on a rope as epp guide it to the deck . they stand look on at it a moment . greer can not find the shotgun . murphy so whoever do this now have we shotgun . greer do not look like it much matter . epps what do we do with he ? murphy leave he till we can get some help . ( a beat ) from now on , nobody come down here . greer what about the gold ? murphy leave it . greer now hold up just a minute . let 's be reasonable here . murphy you think whoever do this be reasonable ? greer all I be say be that gold 's worth a lot more to we now than it ever be . epps I can not believe you . dodge 's dead and all you can think about be cash in you share . greer I do not sign up to go home empty hand . and I sure be not gonna roll over for the freaky motherfucker do this . murphy nobody 's go anywhere with that gold now . anybody try to board , we will know about it . ( a beat ) you can do what you want , greer . but neither of we be gonna risk save you ass down here if it come to that . greer Fine with I . int . chimera - passageway - day epp enter the dim passageway from the bright daylight . she move down the passage , come finally to the stateroom where greer be find , room 400 . she hold there a beat , then reach for the door , hesitate . she open it . int . chimera - stateroom - continuous - day the door come open and epp step in . it be dark , though spacious . it be divide into two room . Beyond the sit room in the front , be a bedroom . epp step in . a dress table sit against the far wall . a large bed be unmade . suitcase lie open on stand at the foot of the bed , still half full as if they be in the process of be unpack . from one , she pull back a woman 's gown , a blouse . the other contain shirt , trousers , sock , and underwear . across the room a smaller suitcase can be see lie open on a ottoman in the corner . epp cross to it . she find a few shirt , and a red print dress , some book . she take one of the book , open it . inscribe on the inside of the cover be : " this book belong to : " and then write in by hand : " Katie Nichols . " a page be mark with a purple ribbon . she open it to see a child 's poem " the rooster and the crow " and a draw of a rooster and a crow and a stanza of a poem : " ' cock - a- doodle doo , ' say the rooster to the crow . ' where be you now ? I know , but will not say so . ' " she put it down . a tin penny whistle sit on the table . she pick it up , examine it . she open a small picture book , thumbing through to see photo of a family , a young mother and father at the beach , the mother and a girl of about 9 year , the girl and a older girl of about 16 , the girl she see at the swim pool , katie . epp hold on this picture , when a music BOX sound . she look up to the dress table . on it a music box slowly play " Daisy . " at the table epp cross to it , look on at the music box as it slowly wind down , then finally stop . a beat . she pick it up , look at it , when she look up to see greer stand there . a beat . the dirty white light fall into the room through the window fall on he as he look off at something we can not see . his expression be empty , hollow . epps greer ? he do not hear she as he stand there . she approach , step up . epps you okay ? another beat , as he look off , into the light , when he slowly turn to see she . a long beat as she look back . he hold there , the same empty look about he , when he grab she by the throat and squeeze hard . she be stunne , breathless , but raise she hand to grip he wrist , fight he . epps greer ! his grip tighten . he be much stronger and she effort make little difference . epps let go ! she hang on , start to choke . she drop one hand , search with it . greer Oragishlaoomnudrasadrafantoshviska getofedobrodijotosiantosg . he speak nonsense , he face distort in a ugly grimace , eye bulg as epp fumble over the table , a tray of glass and silver crash to the floor as he push she back , still choke she . he back she to the wall , push in , close she windpipe the rest of the way . her hand search behind she , knock over a small vase , a basket , some book . it come to a brass desk lamp . it fall , a little out of reach . she be go to black out any second , as greer strangle she . her hand come to the desk lamp , grab it . she raise the lamp , swinging with all she might , connect with greer 's head . he stumble back , a gash laid into he face , as epp suck in air , gag and cough , she neck purple with finger mark . she fumble she radio up . epps ( into radio ) Murphy ! I be on C deck , cabin 400 ! get down here now !! blood be run down he face as greer come for she again . she throw down the radio . a bed stand between they . she feint right , then leave . he 's daze and have blood in he eye . she manage to slip by , but he dive , take she down . he drag she back along the floor , spin she around . he raise a fist to ram into she face when wham ! epp have shove the butt of she flashlight into he crotch and he come up scream . he grab she face , strike she with he other hand . she swing the flashlight again and crack he across the head . he swing yet again and connect , knock she across the floor . she lie in a heap as greer climb to he foot , enraged and bleed . he unbuckle he belt as he approach , pull it from he waist to do God know what . epp look around to see he approach . and we see that she have unhinge she gill knife . as he foot step near , she let go and drive the knife with all she might into he boot , plunging the blade through he foot and into the floor . he scream . after a moment he stop , look to she . he be a bloody , wretch , enraged mess . he start toward she as Murphy appear in the doorway . just as greer be upon she , Murphy blind side greer from behind at full speed , knock he down . greer and Murphy struggle as epp climb unsteadily to she foot . she stagger to they and raise the flashlight over greer , bring it down on he head . CUT to black int . chimera - passageway - later - day epp and Murphy carry greer 's unconscious body . int . chimera - aquarium tank - later - day greer tumble down a sand bank in a empty aquarium . he stop at the bottom , now start to come to . outside Murphy slam the door shut as epp look on . she put a steel pipe across the hatch lever so that it can not be open . int . chimera - aquarium tank - later - day greer sit in the tank , visible through a large piece of armored aquarium glass , amidst the fake coral . he sit in the sand hugging he leg to he chest , bob slightly as he speak in he nonsensical language . murphy ( v.o. ) must have be he all along . Murphy and epp look on from the outside in the promenade . murphy smashed the radio . scuttle the boat . kill dodge . would have kill you . he 's off he nut , no doubt there . they watch he in silence a moment as greer mutter and bob . murphy what do you think ? epps could be a stroke . who know ? ( a beat ) the general log say the crew be fight among themselves . " like wild dog . " murphy over the gold . epps maybe it be more than that . greer get up , come to the window , look out at they . he press he face to the glass . epps they go crazy . murphy crazy with greed . not crazy . not like he . a beat as epp look off . in the window greer drag he hideously distort face over the glass , the blood from he wound smear in broad red streak . ext . chimera - top deck - day a partial hull of a rotting life boat fall into frame . epp and Murphy stand over it . murphy we lash a few of this together it might get we far enough into the shipping lane to be rescue . a beat as they look on at the rotting hull . murphy hard to say which be worse , stay here or take we chance in open water . epps if the weather hold it might not be so bad . murphy it 's not the weather I be worried about . the wrong current could drag we as far as the aleutian before we come across another boat . ext . chimera - top deck - day epp and Murphy work to lash part of the rotting boat into a single usable raft . int . chimera - aquarium tank - day greer lie asleep on the sand bottom of the tank , the white light from the skylight fall on he from above . int . chimera - storage area - day epp have find a reel of wire and some metal brace , make she way into the darkness , when she radio crackle to life . the channel remain silent a moment , then close . she stop , raise the radio . epps ( hold down talk button ) Murphy ? she wait , hold there as only silence come back . epps Murphy , this be epp . do you copy ? again , only silence come back until , after a moment , the channel open again . no one speak , though there be a palpable presence on the other end . epps ( raise the radio ) who be this ? the channel open again , only silence return . the sound of the music BOX can be heard , " daisy " coming back over the radio . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day epp walk along in the darkness as the music BOX continue to play over the radio . she come to the end of the corridor , stop there . at the other end the light fall from the door at room 400 . the music from the radio stop , leave in its absence the music as it can be heard coming from the room at the end of the corridor . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day epp approach the other end , from where the music emanate , come to a stop at room 400 . a beat as she hold there . int . chimera - room 400 - continuous - day epp step in as the music BOX plays in the other room . the sit room be dark as she hold there . after a moment , she continue on , come to the bedroom . epp step in . across the room the music BOX be playing . she cross , come to it as it continue , when she radio crackle to life . the channel remain silent a moment , then : voice " cock -a-doodle - doo , say the rooster to the crow . where be you now ? I know but will not say so . " she hold there a beat , then cross to the table to find the book of nursery rhyme . she open it to the nursery rhyme " the rooster and the crow , " see the same word on the page , when the radio crackle again . voice penny whistle toy . penny whistle toy . penny whistle toy . penny whistle toy . on the table be the penny whistle she see earlier . she take it , hold on it a moment . she raise it and the camera slowly push in as she put it to she lip and lightly blow a c- sharp which become a c-sharp from a penny whistle across the room . mother " cock -a-doodle - doo , say the rooster to the crow . where be you now ? I know but will not say so . " on the other side of the room , the young girl from the photo play the penny whistle . she be sit on the floor with the mother who read from the book we see earlier . mother " cock -a-doodle - doo , say the rooster to the crow . where be you now ? I know but will not say so . " cassandra , if you insist on play that while I read I will just stop right now . the girl sorry . the room be warm with light , restore to its original condition some fifty year ago as epp stand there , unseen , no longer hold the whistle . a man , the father from the photo , step from the bathroom wear a new coat . father what do you think ? mother he certainly do shorten it , do not he ? father I think this be all the rage . katie maybe last year . Katie join they from the outer room . father what about this year ? katie it 's not you color anyway . girl I like it , daddy . father well thank you ! girl daddy , how much longer before we start move again ? father they be work on the engine , honey . as soon as they fix they we will be on we way . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - night epp step from room 400 into the passageway . it be light with sconce run its length and the elegant furnishings and objet d'art stretch to the far end be all in they original condition . distant music from the ballroom can be heard as epp stand there . she move along . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - night epp walk in the passageway . Doors be open and she look in to see people do various thing , some pack and put they thing in order . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - night epp walk down the passage , round the corner to see three steward fight with a fourth man in a tuxedo . they lift he up and carry he off down the stair as he shout and protest . she move on , through a pair of double door , into int . chimera - storage compartment - continuous - day epp move through the now light storage area off the galley . a group of crewmen stand around at the other end and , as epp near , she see that four figure can be see among they . they be four man , officer , sway gently from the ship 's movement as they hang from rope around they neck , dead . epp keep move , through door at the other end . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - night a commotion can be hear at the other end of the passageway as epp keep move . a woman scream , and be cut off when a door slam shut . the distant music have be replaced with indiscernible shout , as of someone commandeer the microphone somewhere as she walk , she pass a open door where several crewmen fight over a steamer trunk , which break open , scatter the content . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - night epp walk along , come to another door where a dead man and woman be lay in the middle of the room as a steward take money from a wallet . the steward look up , reach over and slam the door shut . she continue on . another door stand open as she come to it , back at room 400 . she stop . a repetitive SOUND can be heard , come from inside . int . chimera - room 400 - continuous - day epp step in as the SOUND continue . she cross the sit room , come to the doorway of the bedroom to find several mutineer , some in steward attire , other wear ship officer cap , obviously take from they rightful owner . the repetitive sound come from here , bed spring . and , from between the man , a woman 's bare leg hang over the end of the bed as a pair of man 's leg in boot lie between they , the bed rock , the other look on . epp turn to see the father . he be on he knee , hand tie behind he back as he be force to watch from the foot of the bed . epps look down to see epps ' Pov a geometric pattern of a lotus on the Persian carpet at she foot . when she look up again she see what the father see . the mutineer finish , climb off the woman . another of the man pull she up to reveal that she be no woman at all , but Katie . the mother and sister lie in a bloody heap near - by as one of the other mutineer step up to epp . mutineer you like that , daddy ? I will show you something else now . the mutineer step back to the bed . he sit Katie down so that she face we on the end of the bed . he raise a axe over she , bring it down as the world become a whirling blur -- epps ( v.o. ) no !!!! back to scene the camera stop on katie stand on the other side of the room , now empty of people , return to its shabby , abandon state . katie it be not real . epp look back at she from the other side of the room where she stand . katie many bad thing have happen here . but you must not allow the evil inside . I tell you this because you can see I . the other can not . but you must leave . you must leave . a loud gunshot sound somewhere in the ship . when epp turn back Katie be go . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day epp move quickly along , raise she radio . murphy epp to Murphy . only white noise come back . epps epp to Murphy . only white noise come back as she round the corner out onto the promenade . at the other end , the aquarium can be see . as she approach she see that the tank be empty . greer be nowhere to be see and the skylight at the top be break out . a great booming shudder rock the ship . a loud screeching of metal follow it . ext . chimera - continuous - day the ship 's hull be scrape at the waterline by a jag mid-ocean island no bigger than fifty or sixty foot across . the ship have enter a small archipelago of such island , a mine field for a drift ship . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day epp move quickly along , come to the stairway , move up , almost run into Murphy on he way down , carry a canvas duffle . epps what happen ? murphy we hit land . epps what ? murphy we be in a island chain . it 's only a matter of time before we hit another one . epps greer 's go . he break out of the tank . int . chimera - passageway - moment later - day epp and Murphy move quickly along , when another huge booming shudder the ship and the shrieking of metal follow . ext . chimera - continuous - day the ship bounce off another of the small , jag island as it drift past , buckle the steel plate of the hull precariously . int . chimera - passageway - continuous - day Murphy and epp run toward the other end of the ship . as they do , something can be see lie in the middle of the passage some distance down . at the other end epp and Murphy slow to see that it be a body , lie face down in the passage . they step up . epp kneel as Murphy look on . she roll the body over . it be greer , dead . epps he 's be shot . Murphy kneel too , look on at greer 's lifeless eye . murphy let 's get the hell out of here . int . chimera - stairway / passageway - moment later - day Murphy and epp come up the stairway , crossing to the door . ext . chimera - forward deck - continuous - day as epp and Murphy come out , move toward the make - do raft . murphy it should be enough to get we to one of that island . gimme a hand , wouldya ? she join he and they lift it off its stand , take it to the rail . murphy prop it here . we need to pull this brace off . there 's a hammer on the stand . there . epp cross back to the stand . at the stand epp kneel . no hammer . she pull back Murphy 's canvas duffle , fold back the flap to reveal a shotgun , the shotgun dodge have when he die . a beat as she hold there , when Murphy 's hand grab it . murphy I will take that . a beat as she look to Murphy . epps it be you . he only look back at she as she stand there . epps you kill they . murphy it be only a matter of time before somebody kill somebody . ( a beat ) you see it come as well as I do . dodge have he plan , start with scuttling the boat . and greer too , except he go nut . could not take it , I guess . could have happen in the middle of downtown anchorage . but do it make he any less dangerous ? I do not think so . epps so you kill they ? murphy the way I figure it , it be they or I . I think put dodge up on that pipe be a nice touch ? buy a little time . make it look like whoever kill that Greeks be still around . but it 's just we on this ship . we and you ... spirit friend . epps and now you be gonna kill I , be that it ? murphy I do not want it to turn out this way . epps Murphy , do not you see what 's happen ? murphy I think I see it pretty well . epps it 's the ship . the ship 's make you think this way . murphy I know a little bit about human nature and what I have see only confirm that . epps it 's a trap . there be no way we be gonna get away with that gold . nobody ever do . it 's just the bait . this ship suck people in and it never let they out . murphy I think maybe you be on this boat a little too long , with all that supernatural mumbo jumbo . there 's nothing supernatural about greed . and that 's what it come down to , pure and simple . epps I do not give a damn about the gold . murphy I wish I could believe that . either way , you know what I have do . I have get no choice . he raise the shotgun . murphy I be sorry . he prepare to fire , when a concussion rock the ship . epp duck and Murphy fire , a spatter of buckshot shredd the vent behind she . a screeching of metal deep in the ship sound as she get up , diving for cover as Murphy shuttle the gun again . with epps epp scramble behind a deck vent . ext . chimera - continuous - day the ship have bounce off yet another small island , the jag rock loudly scrapping the hull with a deafen shriek . ext . chimera - forward deck - continuous - day Murphy cross toward the deck vent . murphy there 's no reason to make this any more difficult than it have to be . with epps as epp hold there she see the vent open . she pull herself up and climb inside . int . chimera - AIR shaft - continuous - day epp climb down the air shaft where a giant fan span its width . she squeeze through the fan blade and drop down where several vent duct lead in different direction below it . ext . chimera - forward deck - continuous - day Murphy come to the vent duct where epp go down . int . chimera - AIR duct - continuous - day epp crawl through . she come to a vent that lead out to a passageway . int . chimera - stairway - continuous - day Murphy run quickly down the stairway , shotgun at the ready . int . chimera - passageway - continuous - day the vent be shove out and fall to the metal catwalk . int . chimera - stairway - continuous - day the clang from the vent sound here and Murphy stop . int . chimera - passageway - continuous - day epp extend she foot and climb down into the passage . int . chimera - passageway - continuous - day Murphy round the corner , move on the same deck . int . chimera - passageway - continuous - day epp move along on a metal catwalk in the darkness when something can be hear ahead of she . she stop . footstep SOUND at the end of the passage . epp pull back into the shadow , hold there . the footstep sound as if they be come down stair at the other end , when the footstep stop . epp hold there , listen intently in the silence when , at the other end , the SOUND of creaking metal , as from a hatch slowly open , can be hear . it stop . all be silent , when the hatch creak again at the other end . she begin move toward it . as she approach , she can see that the hatch be half open , sway slightly with the movement of the ship . a creaking sound behind she . she turn , just as Murphy step into view . she duck as he fire and a spray of buckshot ricochet off the metal around she . she scramble on she belly as Murphy fire again . she swing down from the catwalk , let herself fall to the next deck . at the bottom epp get up , run . with murphy Murphy climb down a ladder to the lower deck . int . chimera - below deck with epps - continuous - day epp move quickly along . int . chimera - below deck with murphy - continuous - day Murphy follow , when a rumbling SOUND can be heard . int . chimera - below deck with epps - continuous - day epp stop where she be in the cavernous engine room , look on at the massive hull rise above she as the rumbling grow in intensity . though it seem to resonate throughout the ship , it seem to originate from here , from directly below , as though the hull be be drag over a rocky bottom . she step back as the sound grow still louder , until it become absolutely deafen . the ship begin to shudder . the steel bulkhead visibly move and the steel plate in the hull can be see to bend back and forth . int . chimera - below deck with murphy - continuous - day Murphy slow and finally stop . int . chimera - below deck with epps - continuous - day a few rivet pop in the hull . then a few more , as the rumbling grow still louder . epp put she hand to she ear and begin to back away , when the rumbling reach a pinnacle . the rivet be spring out of the hull like machine gun fire when the steel plate of the hull give way , a massive crag of rock smashing through with a tremendous boom and a torrent of seawater . epp duck for cover as the crag tear a diagonal line through the chimera 's hull like a jag claw through paper in a horrendous tumult of noise and steam and SPARKS . ext . chimera - continuous - day the chimera be impale broadside by a particularly devious rock promontory of a small island . int . chimera - below deck with epps - continuous - day the giant claw begin to pull back , as the ship drift off , water pour in behind it . ext . chimera - continuous - day the ship be drift free of the island with the current , a huge gash rise on its port side . int . chimera - below deck with epps - continuous - day a massive torrent sweep over epp as seawater pour in through the breach . int . chimera - below deck with murphy - continuous - day Murphy stop where he be to see water rush in at the end of the passage . he begin back away . int . chimera - below deck with epps - continuous - day epp be force under as the water in the hull be already half way up the side , the ship list with a great groaning exertion . int . chimera - below deck with murphy - continuous - day Murphy move down the passageway , come to the cargo compartment . int . chimera - below deck with epps - continuous - day epp come up for air . a clatter of all manner of debris , tool and general detritus hammer against the far bulkhead as the ship ease over . a boiler break loose of its stay . epp look up to see it come right for she . she duck under the water as the boiler slam into the bulkhead where she be . with epps epp be force down by the boiler , trap between it and the bulkhead . int . chimera - cargo hold - continuous - day the gold slide off the palette , crash into the far wall . Murphy hurry to it , collect ingot and put they in he pocket . int . chimera - below deck - continuous - day epp struggle under the water to free herself , but she be trap , the heavy boiler and its break stay caging she . above the water the level of the water have now almost completely reach the deck above , fill the ship almost entirely below deck . int . chimera - cargo hold - continuous - day the water be threateningly high as Murphy pocket one last ingot and make he way for the exit . int . chimera - below deck - continuous - day epp be try to pull back the boiler stay , without luck . she swim down lower , find a pipe fitting she pries at the stay , without luck , when a form drift into view in the murky water . several more form appear . they be human , suspend in the water . as epp look , the several form have become many . they be the body of the dead she see in the pool before . as they look on at she from where they be , one form emerge . it be Katie . she reach toward epp , as if beckone she to take she hand from the other side . epp raise she hand , take it . the girl lead epp down into the murky darkness where she find a way out . she take she back further , come to the breech , lead she out and into a cool green void of water . Katie stop at the breach . epp turn to she . she only look back at epp . epp turn away , swim upward toward the light of the surface . ext . ocean surface - moment later - day epp break through , gasp for air . she look to see the chimera , list heavily to one side , its bow deck fully awash . int . chimera - passageway - continuous - day Murphy stagger through the flood passage . ext . ocean surface - continuous - day the chimera be get lower in the water , the bow submerge and the stern beginning to rise . epp see another small island some distance off . she begin swim toward it . int . chimera - stairway - continuous - day Water run down the stairway as Murphy struggle toward the top . ext . island - continuous - day epp swim as the ship sink in the distance . int . chimera - promenade - continuous - day a river of water rush through as Murphy cross with difficulty . ext . island - continuous - day epp reach the jag rock of the island . she pull herself up . ext . chimera - top deck - continuous - day Water rush in as Murphy wade out onto the chimera 's top deck . he be heavily weight down and periodically go under as he half wade half swim , the length of the ship 's aft portion rise above he as the bow sink . ext . island - continuous - day epp collapse on the rock . ext . chimera - top deck - continuous - day as the ship move lower , Murphy push off . he bob under momentarily , then come back up with difficulty . the forward smoke stack have dip under and be now take on water , the current from the rush water pull he toward it . ext . island - continuous - day epp look on as the giant ship angle higher and higher . ext . chimera - with murphy - continuous - day as the ship dip lower , the rush water form a eddy that pull at Murphy . Murphy struggle , too heavy to resist as he be pull closer and closer to the suck maw that be the smokestack 's open . the ship sink further and Murphy be pull to the edge of the stack . he frantically grab for something to hold on to , without success , until he be finally pull into the smoke stack and suck into the bowel of the ship by the rush water . ext . island - later - day epp sit perch under a rock out of the wind , look on at the chimera , she stern rise high above water as she go down , when the rumble of engine can be heard . she turn to see a coastguard plane sweeping low over the chimera , then banking back and fly right over as she shout and wave she arm . ext . island - later - day the coastguard plane fly by one more time , this time drop a survival pack . the chimera 's stern rise up out of the water , almost vertical now , slip further and further under . epp look on one last time , as the ship go down . ext . ocean - with chimera - continuous - day the afterdeck of the chimera sink slowly , slowly down , the camera pushing in to " chimera " as the name come to the water , then slip slowly beneath the surface . and the camera follows , moving into the water to reveal that , beneath the surface , there be no ship at all , only the vast empty depth of the ocean . fade to black the end additional < a href= " ghost_ship_info.txt " > info < /a>