ia aa sdca02712 trick or treat written by Mike dougherty quattro media 12301 wilshire Blvd. , suite 520 Los Angeles CA 90025 phone : 310.207.7100 fax : 310.207.7111 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 1. blackness . pierce by flicker candlelight . it grow brighter , until the orange scowl of a jack o'’lantern fill the frame . wider to reveal the jack o’lantern sit at the foot of a home 's front gate . a identical pumpkin be next to it . ext . sidewalk - front gate - night a young couple approach the gate . emma be dress as the bride of frankenstein , while she husband henry be a mad doctor . they laugh and stumble down the sidewalk , a little drunk from the night 's festivity . Emma bend over to blow out the jack onlantern , but Henry stop she . henry whoa . not yet . emma what ? henry it 's one of the rule . you need to keep they light . she roll she eye , check she watch , smile a drunken smile . emma I '' light . you be light . but we friend here ... Emma blow out the jack onlantern . emma ( cont would ) -.- they night be over . someone's Pov : watch from across the street , half hide behind a tree . watch as Emma kiss Henry on the cheek . henry you be ask for it . emma oh , I be . Emma grab he ass . he yelp as they stroll up the walkway toward the front porch . they average suburban home be new and pristine , sport a fresh coat of bright yellow paint . it be also cover in halloween decoration : skeleton hang in the tree , coffin and fake severe limb be scattered across the lawn . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 2 . scary SOUND effect play from speaker set up in the window . a dozen ghost make from old sheet be propped up on wooden cross around the yard . someone really love the holiday . the Pov move . it keep low , scurrying across the street to the front gate . it focus on the unlit jack onlantern , then drift to Henry and Emma on the porch . they step inside the house and shut the door . the Pov move ... ext . house , front yard - continuous darting into the yard , leaping over coffin , under ghost - ~ we hear panting and little footstep as it run . it finally stop at a live room window . through the live room window the stalker watch , listen to the couple talk , barely audible over the scream and howl of the sound effect tape . Henry tug at Emma ' 's dress . henry come play doctor . emma after I take they down . henry you can take they down in the morning . emma it look like a crime scene out there and my mother will be here in the morning . she will have a coronary . henry so we will just make she one of the decoration . there be plenty of coffin . she playfully smack he . emma go get undress . I ' 11 let you do a full exam later . Henry whine a little , then kiss she and mope upstairs . the Pov end , drift away from the window ... cut to : . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 3 . ext . house , front porch - night the door open and Emma step onto the porch . she grab a piece of candy from a nearby bowl then stare at the decorate yard . she sigh . this be go to be a long night . int . house , upstair Henry stumble down the dark hall . he 's about to walk into the bedroom when eerie laughter echoe through the house . he listen , slightly alarmed . henry Emma ? the laughter stop , replace by rattling chain . he realize it 's just the sound effect tape and smile . ext . house , front yard close on : a severe arm sit in a pile of leave . Emma reach down and pick it up , toss it into a box already half full of other decoration . she almost trip over a skeleton . emma shit . Emma walk between the ghost , they white sheet blow in the wind . grabbing one sheet , she yank it off and toss it into the box , revealing the wooden cross underneath and a round head make from a flour sack . trick or treaters run by the house . Emma watch they and smile , when something else catch she attention ... across the STREET a tall figure be stand under a tree , wear a red robe and a devil mask -~ stare at she . in the front yard Emma continue pull down the ghost and put they in she bag , but she 's become uneasy . she glance at the Devil , never take she eye off of he . across the STREET the Devil be still watch . beat . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 4. a car fill with teenager pull up and honk . the passenger door open and music blare . the Devil climb inside the car . in the front yard Emma watch the car drive off . she sigh , slightly relieved . the street be now dead quiet . no sign of anyone . emma ( cont no ) {to herself ) trick or treat . she walk up to another ghost , about to pull off its sheet -- the ghost lunge and wrap its arm around emma ! it envelop she , wrapping its arm tight around she face , keep she from scream , smother she . Emma struggle but it will not let go . she look up at the house - ~- a light be on in the bedroom . finally pull the ghost 's arm away for a moment , she let out a loud scream . int . house , bedroom Henry be sprawle on the bed , pass out . hear Emma 's scream outside , he eye flutter open , but she cry blend with the shriek and wail of the sound effect . he grin and go back to sleep . ext . house , front yard the ghost pull emma close , and she see that it 's hold a pumpkin lollipop with a large bite take out so that it now have a very sharp edge . he press it against she neck , and in one fluid motion , slice emma’s throat . she gag . blood spurt , soaking into she dress . int . house , bedroom - moment later thud . Henry 's eye slam open , stare at the ceiling . it sound like something heavy just fall on the roof . baffle , he stare at the ceiling , follow the sound of tiny footstep on the ceiling and a childlike giggle . ext . house , front yard Henry walk out of the house and into the yard . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 5 . henry Emma ? there 's no sign of she , but a crowd of people be gather on the sidewalk , stare at he house in stunne silence . a mother cover she son 's eye . Henry turn around to see what they be gawk at . he squint to get a better look . on the roof a coffin sit upright , propped up by plastic skeleton pose around it like morbid cherub . Inside be Emma 's corpse , wrap in pumpkin vine and orange light . her long white dress be soak red with blood that steadily drip like a fountain , flow into the storm pipe . a jack o’lantern rest on she shoulder . one of the two she blow out earlier . closer on the jack o’lantern . behind the triangle eye and wick grin be emma 's face , freeze in terror . she have be turn into a halloween decoration , a horrifying yet eerily beautiful work of art . in the yard Henry stare at the sight , baffle ... fear slowly sink in . close on : the other unlit jack o‘ lantern , sit in front of the gate . pop . hiss . a match be light . a child 's small hand , sticky with blood , reach in and relight the candle . the Jack o’lantern 's eerie scowl once again glow to life . fade out . ext . kreeg house - sunset to neighborhood child this be the classic suburban haunt house . to adult , it 's just a eye sore . Bright yellow paint be now crack and fade . the overgrown yard be surround by a rusty iron fence , and unlike the home to either side of it , there be no pumpkin on the porch , and no Halloween decoration in the window . leave cover everything in sight , with more fall from the tree like rain . and just barely visible in a ground floor window , be the silhouette of a man , peer out from behind a curtain . 3 21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 6. a kid on a bike ride by the house , a bloody sheet pull over he like a ghost . this be thirteen year - old brandon snider . we follow he as he speed down the tree-line street , the sheet flutter behind he . a brown paper lunch bag dangle from one hand . ext . suburban STREET - continuous brandon speed by one suburban home after another . each one be just a slight variation on the same model -- a different shade of paint here , a different mailbox there , but all be decorate for Halloween . brandon pedais faster , racing up a hill . he reach the top and from there we see : a SMALL town far below , surround by more quaint home . its MAIN STREET bustles with activity . a vast forest surround everything , fill with fiery autumn tree stretch as far as the eye can see . super title : sharon wood , ohio . brandon pick up speed as he race downhill towards town , pass group of kid on they way home from school . on the sidewalk , a young boy name billy poke at a dead bird with a stick , then pick it up and chase a group of scream girl with it . brandon shake he head and laugh , watch the girl flee in terror -- but not watch where he 's go . he look back at the street and a woman in a red coat be crossing the street in front of he . brandon oh fu -- screeeech ! brandon hit he brake but he 's still skid straight for she . he shut he eye tight , wait for the impact , still screeching toward the unsuspecting woman . ext . MAIN STREET - intersection brandon open he eye , shaking . he stop ... :-- right in the middle of a intersection on MAIN STREET . he look up and gawk at the woman in the red coat , which we now see be a red riding hood costume . he be just inch from hit she . she smile . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 7 . lori try to be more careful or we ' 1l both wind up as ghost tonight . brandon uhhh...ummm ... this be lori kline , early 20 with girl - next -door look mix with big city flare . her revealing costume be complete with pigtail , picnic basket and a very small skirt . brandon gawk , speechless . she smile and walk away , and as she leave , we follow her ... ext . MAIN STREET , hardware store lori stop in front of a hardware store , look a little lose . she open she basket and take out a small envelope . handwritten on the envelope : '' you have be summon . '' inside the card : '' to the annual howl - a - ween bash ! Sharon Woods , ohio. October 3ist ! byob ! '' a crude map be draw on the other side of the card . lori frown , and start walk again , still try to figure out the map when she bump into a man . grocery bag fall from he arm , spilling apple and candy across the sidewalk . lori oh God , I be so sorry ! they both kneel down and as they reach for the same apple , lori finally make eye contact with steven pierce . early 30 , handsome but a little nerdy . he wear a plain brown tie , white dress shirt and khakis , make he look like any other cubicle dweller who just clocked out . he stare at lori , enthralled . steven no no , my fault . I be ... ( smile ) distract . lori hand he a few more of he apple and a bag of caramel . steven ( cont would ) you be not from around here , be you ? lori do it show ? 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 8. steven a little ... ( eye she outfit ) but not nearly enough . lori be get slightly uncomfortable with he stare . lori yeah , just here for a little party . steven ( try to be hip ) oh sure . I love a good rage . lori rave . steven right . a awkward beat . she hand he one last apple . lori well ...uhh ... again , sorry about that . ~ steven no worry . happy Halloween . lori smile politely , then turn and walk off . she grimace and let out a relieved sigh . Steven watch she leave . intensely . he get one last good look , then turn and enter the hardware store . just as the door shut a bus wipe frame , and we follow it as it head down Main Street past more store and people in costume . int . bus a werewolf mask sit on the lap of adrian miller , 16 , scruffy but good look . the kid you mother warn you about . he glance out the window while glue plastic claw to he finger . he almost look like a girl do she nail . across the aisle , a hot young couple whisper to each other , snicker at adrian . samantha and jeff be both in they mid 20 . adrian hear they remark and try to look cool -- while do he nail . samantha ( whisper ) ooooh , look at the scary werewolf . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 9 . jeff ( whisper ) careful . he might scratch you eye out . samantha cackle . Jeff grab she and they start make out . try to lock tougher , adrian take out a cigarette . bus driver Sharon Woods , last stop ! adrian look out the window . it look like the town be get ready for a parade . the street be get crowded with costume pedestrian . families set up chair along the sidewalk . store be close early . a teenage girl in a school uniform walk right by the bus , trail by three younger kide . adrian ‘s eye go wide and he duck below the window . ext . MAIN STREET - sidewalk - sunset the girl walk by the bus but do not spot adrian . this be heather thompson , 16 . she walk with the kid she 's babysit for the night : two twin , autumn & amber wilson , and young todd foster . they walk by a bakery and the camera linger on ... ext . MAIN STREET - bakery jimmy mcdaniel , 13 , stand in the doorway munch on a cupcake . he see the kid walk by and he eye light up . jimmy hey guy , wait up ! he 's about to dash out the door when the baker grab he by the collar and pull he back inside . it 's he mother . jimmy ( cont would ) C ’mon mar , I gotta go ! jimmy mother costume first ! Jimmy fidget as she put a big black wig on he and we now realize he 's dress as a pale , ghoulish dead elvis . finally primp , he bolt after he friend . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 10 . ext . MAIN STREET - sidewalk Jimmy catch up , and find a curious Todd in the midst of question Heather . todd ... then where 's you broom ? heather I do not ride a broom . that 's just in the movie . Jimmy roll he eye , munch on a cupcake . jimmy man , he 's still stick on this ? brandon ride up next to they and hop off he bike , still hold the brown paper sack . brandon what 's up Jerry 's kid ? jimmy , todd , heather hey braindead . brandon smile at Heather , pay special attention to she . brandon who 's hungry ? he open the sack and pull out a plastic sandwich bag fill with bloody chicken feet . the kid squeal , revolt . Heather snatch the bag , hide it in she backpack . heather Jesus ! what the hell be you do ?! brandon Chicken foot ! for tonight ! you say you need some so I dig through the butcher store dumpster . heather listen , we need to keep this quiet . you parent would lynch I if they know what we be do . brandon ( sulk ) okay . sorry . be just try to help . as they walk away . Jimmy pat brandon on the back . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 11 . jimmy you have get a lot to learn about older woman . brandon piss off Jimmy . int . pandora's BOX — sunset pan across : shelf fill with occult item both familiar and strange : ouija board , ceremonial candle , crystal , and pendant . this be pandora 's BOX , the local occult shop . dora , a big woman in she 5as , sit behind the counter , absorb in a book but still keep a watchful eye on she store . in the glass case behind she be various ceremonial dagger . the door jingle and open . Heather and the kid file in . todd ( loudly ) Heather it smell like pee in here ! heather shh ! dora look up from she book , not especially thrilled . Todd follow Heather as she inspect some candle . the other scatter into the store . a overweight teen name charlie corrigan stand at the end of the aisle , slip some crystal into he pocket . he see Todd gawk and sneer . autumn and amber sit at a table use a ouija board , try not to laugh , while brandon and Jimmy snicker at nude statue of pagan goddess . at the counter Heather eye the dagger in the display case . dora look at she suspiciously . heather ( cont would ) ( point to display case ) I all take the ivory one . dora look at the dagger Heather be point to . it 's large and ornate , with a silver blade and a hilt that look as if it be carve from bone . dora smile . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 12. dora summon ceremony , eh ? you know what you be get into ? heather I can handle myself . dora then where be you candle for the circle of protection ? Heather hold up the black candle . dora shake she head and grab some white candle from a shelf . brandon , Jimmy , and the twin gather around the counter . dora ( cont ‘’d ) you kid think tonight ' 's just about gettin’ a sugar high , do not ya ? Jimmy nod excitedly , chocolate icing smear on he face . dora ( cont would ) but do you know why you get dress up ? or why you go door to door begging for candy ? they shake they head . dora open she thick book . old engravings and illustration cover the yellow page . dora ( cont have ) of course you do not . most people do not know that Halloween go back thousand of year . it work just like any other holiday . Christmas . passover . Easter . they all have they tradition , and they deity . as for Halloween , it 's all about ... ( point to a page ) samhain . celtic God of the Dead . { note : dora pronounce samhain correctly , which be technically saw - wane ] the kid lean over the counter , stare at a illustration of a EIGHT foot tall horned demon stand in a pumpkin patch . it 's a classic image , if somewhat cliche . brandon ( mockingly ) I have see he come from a mile away . she show vampire , 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 13 . dora it 's just a draw . samhain be always in costume , so no one really know what he look like . could be anywhere . or anyone . jimmy ( whisper to brandon ) I think it be SAM -hain . dora a common mispronunciation . oglare at Heather ) for a amateur . brandon well Sam sound a lot less lame than saw - wane . dora suit yourself . but tonight be he night . and like any god , he have he ritual , and he disciple . ( flip page in the book ) demon . monster . the undead ... they artwork of samhain surround by creature -- werewolve , zomby , you name it . dora ( cont have ) -+. they ail gather in he honor to punish that who disobey he rule . todd what kind of rule ? dora one that might help you survive . brandon ( mumble to himself ) here we go . she point to a old engrave of villager carving pumpkin . dora first , carve a Jack o’lantern and make sure you keep it light . they represent lose soul , and lighting one be a simple way of show you respect . brandon easy enough . next . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty dora sneer at he , flip to a illustration of corpse rise from they grave while villager flee in terror . dora second , since the dead be pretty sure to go for a stroll , it 's a good idea to stay out of the cemetery . break that rule and Sam -- ( correct herself ) samhain ~ ~ be likely to turn you into one of they . Todd stare at Heather , worried . dora ( cont no ) number three . people naturally think the notion of ghoul roam the street be terrifying , so costume be wear as a way of blend in . 14 , the kid gawk at a engrave of peasant in mask calmly walk by a group of skeletal demon , while another person without a mask be be devoure by wolf . brandon like camouflage . dora exactly . so if I be you , I no get you butt home before sunset and do not come back out until you be dress for the occasion . Todd turn and look outside . it 's get dark . dora ( cont would ) ( teasing ) tick tock , tick tock , tick tock . jimmy what about the candy ? dora well people once try to find a way to appease the appetite of samhain and he horde , so they leave crop and baked goods out on they doorstep . like a sacrifice . over time , it become expect -~ and that who do not , pay dearly . jimmy trick or treat . _ 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 15 . dora you be smarter than you look , kid . his smile fade . he 's about to take another bite of he cupcake when dora snatch it from he hand . dora ( cont no ) ( look at the cupcake ) one more . make sure you check you candy before you gorge yourselves . his follower be a tricky bunch and poison treat to keep people from take what 's rightfully theirs . she hand the cupcake back to Jimmy . he stare at it , he appetite suddenly go . brandon okay , okay . we break a stupid rule we get on Sam 's shit list and he send some ghoulish hit man after we . Fine . but what if you be like some Halloween scrooge who break all of he rule ? dora smile . in the background Charlie make he way toward the door , try to look casual . his pocket fill with merchandise . dora then samhain himself will probably be stop by , and he will not be sell cookie . he might not come for you tonight , or even next year Charlie slip out the door . dora ( cont have ) --+ but he will come for you . ext . MAIN STREET - pandora 's BOX - dusk Charlie waddle down the street and disappear in a crowd of costume pedestrian . it 's get dark . streetlamp turn on . ext . above sharon wood ~ day to night the smail town be far below , and as the sun begin to dip below the horizon , we time lapse from dusk to night . star appear . cricket sing . light appear in the window of home and store . " 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 16 . a orange full moon rise above the sleepy town . Dark cloud drift by , and for a brief moment the moon almost look like a grin face ... a Jack o’lantern in the sky . dissolve to : ext . suburban STREET - night a real jack o'lantern , eye and mouth flicker orange candlelight . it suddenly fall , hit the ground , and smashes . stringy gut splatter on the sidewalk at the foot of charlie . his costume be nothing but a lame tee-shirt that say : '' this be my costume . '' he kick at the remain and step through the mess . pumpkin gut squish under he shoe . Charlie waddle down the sidewalk drag a pillowcase , look for something else to terrorize . cricket chirp and the giggle of unseen child echo in the dark . he spot a young boy dress in a goblin costume approach about a half block ahead . he 's drag a bag full of candy almost as big as he be . Charlie look at he own bag -- it 's barely half full . he look at the boy 's -- he sack be ready to burst at the seam . Charlie smile and lumber toward he prey . the goblin boy try to step around Charlie but he step right in front of he , take up the entire sidewalk . beat . they stare at each other . charlie grab the boy nos rubber mask , and spin it around so the eyehole face backward . the boy drop he candy sack , reach up and try to turn the mask back around . Charlie grab the goods and take off . charlie trick or treat , kid . he snicker and leave the boy behind . ext . sidewalk - later a candy wrapper drop to the sidewalk . Charlie round a corner , a half - eat chocolate bar dangle out of he mouth , candy smear on he chubby cheek . splat ! something small hit he hard and fast , splattering against he chest . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 17. it 's a egg . the slimy yolk ooze down he shirt . charlie Son of a bitch ! laughter echoe -- a faint , childish giggle . infuriate , Charlie look around but can not find the source . finally , he spot the culprit peer out from behind a distant tree . the odd trick - or-treater be dress as a little scarecrow wear bright orange pajamas and a flour sack mask with two button for eye and a permanent sewn - in grin . we will call he SAM . he step out from behind the tree , reach into he bag , and hurl another egg . charlie duck and it hit a mailbox behind he . charlie ( cont no ) what the hell be you problem ?! Sam just cackle then turn and scamper down the sidewalk , disappear around a corner . Charlie chase after he , fume . ext . suburban STREET , around the corner he 's barely run a half block but be already wheeze . he stop to catch he breath , and look around . it 's quiet . Sam be nowhere to be see . suddenly , he hear he tormentor 's unmistakable giggle . Charlie gather himself up and start to run again when crunch ! he look down . he 's step on a lollipop shape like a Jack o’lantern . he reach down to pick it up when and spot a candybar on the sidewalk nearby , follow by some licorice further ahead . it 's a long trail of candy lead down the sidewalk . charlie whoa . he look around cautiously ... still keep a eye out for Sam . there 's no sign of he . charlie lunge , and grab every piece he can get he meaty paw on , throw everything into he bag . he progress down the sidewalk , make short work of the candy trail follow it past the kreeg house and to the house next door . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 18 . the trail stop . scream startles he as three boy come run out of kreeg 's yard , chase by a small bark creature in a rubber mask . they nearly knock Charlie over , they three stooge costume cover in sticky red liquid . baffle , Charlie watch the boy tear down the street until they be go . he look back at the dark kreeg house and catch a glimpse of a shadowy figure stand in the doorway just as it slam shut . Charlie turn he attention back to the candy and toss one last lollipop into he bag . no more candy . no sign of Sam either . he look at the house next door . a mailbox be mark ' pierce 's . a few decoration be tape to the window , and a huge BOWL of candy sit on the porch . bingo . Charlie grin . ext . pierce house , front porch Charlie walk up a flight of step onto the porch . the house be completely dark inside . a moth circle a flickering porch light . the candy BOWL sit on a small table with a note tape to the edge : '' sorry we be not home , help yourself to one piece ! '' Charlie look around . this be too good to be true . screw it . he grab the bowl and plop down on the step , tear open the candy , shove one after another into he gape maw . a homemade caramel apple sit in the bowl , half - bury by candy . he 's too busy devour the chocolate to notice it . behind charlie , the front door creak open . just slightly . Charlie continue stuff he face with chocolate bar and candy corn , oblivious . the porch light flicker again , briefly illuminate a tall dark figure step out of the doorway . it move slowly and silently onto the porch , careful not to step on dead leave . Charlie continue eat . the figure inches closer . it pull something out from behind its back -- a glimmer butcher knife . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 19 . Charlie grab another candy bar and take a bite . the figure step directly behind he . the knife move toward he head ... close enough to cut a strand of hair . the figure slowly raise the knife . the light flicker again and the figure shadow be cast on the step . Charlie spot it , whip around and see : the figure looming above , knife raised high ! charlie screeeeam ! the figure screeeeam ! the light flicker on and stays on , revealing : steven pierce . scream like a girl . he brandish the knife in one hand , a bright orange pumpkin cradle in the other . Charlie stop scream . so do Steven . easily the more frighten of the two , Steven nearly collapse , gasp for air . steven d- do not ... be ... af -f-fraid . Charlie sneer at the dorkish man and go back to he favorite activity -- eat . Steven sit down next to he , with the pumpkin in he lap , still catch he breath . steven ( cont would ) guess we give each other quite the scare , eh ? Charlie just grunt and swallow a candybar . steven ( cont would ) yep ... quite the scare . whew . I be Steven . what 's you name son ? Steven offer a handshake . Charlie do not even look at he , talk with a mouth full of creamy caramel . charlie ( muffle ) mnf ... charlie . Charlie drop a wrapper on the ground . Steven look slightly annoyed , jab the wrapper with the knife , and pick it up . steven Nice to meet you Charlie . sorry about the knife . it 's for the pumpkin , not you . scout 's honor ! 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 20 . he flash the Boy scout salute and laugh . Charlie do not . steven ( cont would ) anyhoo~ - — that 's what tonight 's all about be not it ? be scared ? not that you could tell by today 's standard . the holiday just be not the same . no siree . Charlie belches . Steven shoot he a stern look . steven ( cont would ) Excuse you . ( beat ) now when I be you age , Halloween be different . the kid roll he eye . he know he 's in for it . he reach into the bowl again , about to grab the caramel apple -- but take another candy bar instead . steven ( cont have ) back then it be a real holiday , about tradition , and family . why my dad and I would spend hour carve pumpkin and make caramel apple . with real caramel ! not this bag of chocolate for two buck at Wal - Mart stuff . do you even know what the heck go into this junk ? Charlie just grunt . Steven look at the bowl of candy , see the apple still sit there . he continue , get more passionate , wave and poke the knife while he speak ... steven ( cont would ) the magic be go . I mean look at this ... ( point at empty street ) year ago this street be fill with vampire , zomby , werewolve , maybe a cute little witch or two . Charlie sigh . when will this guy shut up ? steven ( cont have ) now everyone 's afraid of Satanists , or serial killer , or God know what else . can you believe that ? a perfectly innocent holiday -- ruin . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 21 . Steven swipe the knife close to Charlie 's face . too close . now he 's nervous . without take he eye off the knife , he finally grab the caramel apple . take a bite . steven ( cont have ) why if I see one of that freak wander around my house , you can bet I would ... I would ... thunk ! Steven stab the knife into the pumpkin . smile . Charlie be make short work of the apple . the boy cough . his eye be wide . startle . worried . Steven see he fear . steven ( cont no ) sorry . he yank the knife out , delicately wipe away pumpkin goo . Charlie slowly munch , never take he eye off the blade . steven ( cont have ) yup , that be the day . homemade costume ... Charlie cough . Steven get nostalgic . steven ( cont would ) -+. some warm pumpkin pie ... Charlie cough again , harder . he look at Steven , worried . steven ( cont no ) «.. watch old horror mov -- Charlie gag and wheeze , clutches he throat . steven ( cont have ) you okay son ? need some water ? charlie drop the apple and double over in agony , try to hack up something in he throat . Steven pat the boy 's back , try to help , but it do not do any good . his face be blue . he’s choking . Charlie gawk at Steven , eye plead . Steven casually pick up the apple , break off a small piece and uncover a SMALL razor blade cover in caramel and blood . steven ( cont no ) well now ... how about that ? 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 22 . the boy cough again and a wet mix of blade , nail , and shard of glass , fall from he bleed mouth . he claw at Steven , begging for help . Steven just coldly stare at he . steven ( cont would ) trick or treat . Charlie gag once more , and slump to the ground -- dead . Steven sit with the body with a look of child - like amusement on he face . beat . he dig through Charlie 's bag and pull out a lollipop . he poke the body with it , just to make sure , then unwrap the lollipop and take a lick . Steven look around . the street be empty and quiet . a dog bark in the distance . there be not a soul in sight . int . pierce house , foyer - moment later Charlie 's bag hit the ground , spilling candy corn across the foyer . a moment later , Steven walk inside and set the bowl , knife , and pumpkin on a small table . Charlie 's body be still sprawle on the porch outside . he move quickly and purposefully , as if he 's do this dozen of time . ext . pierce house , front porch ~ continuous he step back outside , grab Charlie 's ankle , and pull . the body will not budge . he tug again but it 's no use . he put the foot down and hoist the corpse by the waist . better . Charlie 's foot drag as he awkwardly inch through the door . blood splatter on he white shirt . int . pierce house , foyer - continuous Steven 's face be bett red , strain to carry the dead weight . he finally stumble into the foyer and awkwardly kick the door shut . beat . he catch he breath for a moment and start to carry the body down the hall when knock knock ! on the front door . Steven freeze . hold he breath . tries not to make a sound . kide ( 0.s. ) trick or treat , smell we foot , give we something good to eat ! knock knock ! harder . Steven wait , hope they 'il just go away . Charlie 's body be slowly slip out of he arm . kid ( 0.s. ) we know you be in there ! 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 23 . crap . Steven cringe and carry the body back into the foyer , look for a place to hide it but there be not many option . knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! it 's a dozen tiny hand . steven I ’m coming ! he 's get frustrated . knock ! knock ! knock ! finally , he prop Charlie up just to the side of the door . should be good , enough . knock ! knock ! knock ! he grab the candy bowl and open the door . on the front porch a pack of familiar trick - or-treater stare up at he : todd , jimmy , brandon , autumn , and amber . they see he blood ~ soak clothes , the sweat on he brow and the wild look in he eye . beat . all at once , the kid screeeeeeam ! Long and loud . Steven panic , gesture for they to be quiet . he start to slam the door shut when -- they scream turn into laughter , brandon holy shit ! great costume Mr. pierce ! Steven look confuse , then look at he clothes and realize he 's drench in blood . steven oh ...uh , thanks . brandon suburban serial killer . simple , but original . Steven smirk , realize they nre clueless . steven yeah ... scary be not I ? he try to make a scary face but the kid just roll they eye and raise they bag , eager for treat . Steven look up and spot heather and adrian run to he front gate , alarmed by the scream . he wave to she . she half - smile and wave back like the bored babysitter she be . the kid raise they bag higher , still wait . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 24 . steven ( cont have ) oh , right . he take a peek inside the bag and spot some pennie . steven ( cont no ) who the heck be pass out penny ? Todd sigh . todd reverend Harris . he say sugar be the work of the Devil . Steven offer up he bowl of candy . steven well then I must be Satan himself . they eye light up as they each grab a handful of candy . todd woo hoo ! thanks Mr. pierce ! thump . charlie 's lifeless arm fall into plain view of the ae kid . they stare it , confuse ... a little worried . Jimmy 's 's eye be the size of saucer . Steven kick the arm out of the way and smile . steven happy Halloween . the kid nervously smile back ... a little skeptical . jimmy ( nervous ) yeah ... happy Halloween . Steven watch they rejoin Heather and adrian on the sidewalk . they scamper off . all but one ... SAM . he stare at the doorway , where a puddle of blood be quickly form . Sam giggle -- the grin on he mask match he pervert amusement . Steven step in front of he , block he view , and offer up the bowl of candy . steven do not you get one ? Sam cock he head , stare at the bowl . snatch ! he grab a chocolate bar like a hungry animal and scurries away . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 25 . Steven watch he leave and sigh ... relieved . int . pierce house , kitchen - moment later the kitchen be immaculately clean , with everything in its proper place . martha Stewart on overdrive . Steven stroll in , now quite chipper , sing a little song to himself . steven ( sing ) who can take a sunrise ? sprinkle it with dew ? cover it with chocolate and a miracle or two , the candy man . oh the candy man can . he walk by the kitchen table , where a pot of warm caramel sit next to a pile of apple ... and razor . steven ( cont no ) ( sing ) ... cause he mix it with love to make the world taste good . Steven open a cabinet and remove a burlap sack . ext . pierce house , back porch ~- later a porch light turn off . the back door creak open and Steven poke he head out , look around . the yard be huge , dot with tree and surround by a white picket fence . the neighbor yard be dark and silent . the coast be clear . yanking on a thick rope , he grunt and finally emerge from the house drag Charlie 's body -- now encase in the burlap sack . he drag it across the porch and down a small flight of stair . they creak . loudly . Steven pause for a moment , try to move more carefully and quietly . he reach the bottom , and yank the sack a little too hard . fhe body tumble and thump down the stair . steven damn it ! Steven flinch at the volume of he own voice and slap a hand over he mouth . cricket chirp and the wind howl . the chant of trick or treaters echoe in the distance , but it 's nothing to be alarmed about . he turn back to he task . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 26. child ( 0.s. ) ( faint and distant ) on this eve of unholy cry , beware the cemetery for the dead shall rise ... Steven drag the sack across the yard , leave crunching under he foot . the noise make he nervous . child ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) ( faint and distant ) feed the spirit to keep they at bay , and carve a pumpkin to light they way ... find a mask and wear it well , or you soul will be drag to hell ... he approach a dark corner near the fence , where a plastic tarp be cover what look like a small swim pool . a shovel sit in a mound of dirt . child ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) ( faint and distant ) on this eve of force unseen , lock you door and check you candy , tonight be Halloween ~ - trick or treat ! Steven drop the sack next to the tarp , panting and sweat . he look over he shoulder . all clear . he pull back the plastic tarp , revealing a wide but shallow grave . another burlap sack already rest at the bottom . its shape and fresh blood stain hint at another recent victim . Steven yank Charlie 's sack , try to drag it into the grave . it do not budge . he pull again . still will not move . he look down and see it 's catch on a tree root . Steven pull harder and the bag tear . steven Son of a bitch . he bend over to pry it loose . suddenly , from behind -- billy ( 0.8 . ) daaaaaaaaady ! Steven jump , spin , look up at he house to see : billy 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 27 . he adorable seven year -old son , wave from a upstairs window and smile down at he father . he 's loud . very loud . billy ( cont no ) i'm back from trick -or-treating ! whatcha do ? Steven panic , stumble , and drop the sack . he try to act as normal as possible for someone bury a body at night . steven ( hushed ) shhhh !! I be ...uh ... gardening ! now be quiet ! billy why ! ? steven ( hushed ) because you will bother the neighbor ! now be a good boy and go watch cartoon ! billy okaaaay ! billy giggle and duck back inside . Steven wait to make sure that he 's go , and turn back to he '' gardening '' . he shove the corpse into the grave and it hit the bottom with a heavy thud . he throw a shovel full of dirt on top when a low growling startles he . he look up at the nearby fence and see : spite , the next door neighbor 's jack russell terrier , poke its nose between the picket fence . it growl again . steven Nice doggie ! shhh ! down boy ! it 's no use . the dog start to bark furiously . Steven fumble , reach into the grave , then pull out a small object and toss it over the fence . ext . kreeg house , back yard the object plop into a pile of leave . spite stop bark , run over , and grab it in he jaw . it 's a finger . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 28 . spite chew on it like a piece of jerky . suddenly , the neighbor 's porch light turn on and the back door open to reveal old mr . kreeg , a crotchety old fart with a permanent sneer etched on he wrinkle face . he wear a dirty robe and grip a baseball bat like he 's look for trouble . ext . pierce house , back yard - shallow grave Steven duck into the grave , crouching on top of the body . ext . kreeg house , back yard kreeg spite ! git yer ass in here ! spite just keep gnaw on the severe finger . kreeg snarl and walk into the yard . ext . pierce house , back yard - shallow grave Steven awkwardly try to duck lower into the grave , but it 's hardly big enough for he and the three body . ext . kreeg house , back yard spite finally swallow the finger and look up at he master . kreeg you finish fartin’ around ? he wag he stumpy tail . ext . pierce house , back yard - shallow grave Steven feel something strange under he foot and look down . the burlap sack next to charlie' be moving ... as if the person inside be slowly waking up . Steven yelp ! ext . kreeg house , back yard kreeg hear it . he peer over the fence , catch a glimpse of something in the dark ... the top of Steven 's head poke out of the grave . the old man grip he baseball bat tight . kreeg who the hell be that ? 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 29 . ext . pierce house , back yard - shallow grave the body be flailing and kicking , try to get out of the sack , make muffle , high - pitch squeal for help . Steven kick it and the body quiet down . kreeg ( 0.s. I get a nra membership in my pocket and a shotgun in the closet , so get out here before the coroner have to drag you out in piece ! busted . Steven reluctantly poke he head out of the grave and wave , put on a fake , neighborly smile . steven uhbh ... it 's just I , Mr. kreeg ! the body try to punch its way out of the sack . Steven step on it hard , try to keep it still , keep it quiet . kreeg well what in God 's name be you do down there , pierce ? ( kid ) hiding more body ? Steven chuckle . if the old man only know . the body squeal . kreeg ( cont would ) what no you say ? steven uh , nothing ... the ... septic tank be act up . Steven kick the sack . kreeg be that what that smell be ? steven afraid so ! Steven see kreeg look around the yard as if try to find something ... or someone . steven ( cont have ) ubhh ... what be you up to ? kreeg none of you business ! 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 30 . Steven kick the body again . kreeg ( cont would ) well hurry up and fix that tank . it stink like a dead whore back there . steven I 'm ( kick the body again ) try . finally , with one more hard kick , the sack stop move . kreeg and keep you kid outta my yard ! Steven be puzzle . what the hell be he talk about ? ext . kreeg house , back yard kreeg start to waddle back into he house . spite follow . kreeg ( mutter to himself ) goddamn freak . steven ( 0.s. ) happy Halloween ! kreeg screw you ! kreeg slam he door shut and turn off the porch light . ext . pierce house , back yard - shallow grave Steven finally seem to relax , when - the arm lunge from the sack and grab steven 's leg ! he try to kick free but it have a firm hold of he ankle . he reach down , try to pry it off and it scratch he hand . steven grab the shovel , ready to pound the live shit out of it , when ... billy ( 0.8 . ) daaaaaaaaaadyyy ! Steven cringe at the sound of he son 's voice and turn around , still hold the shovel high . billy be in the window . as loud as ever . again . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 31 . billy ( cont would ) cartoon be over , can you help I carve the Jack o'lantern now !? Steven continue struggle , try to kick himself free . steven I ‘ll be there in a minute ! ( quieter ) let go , goddamnit . billy but I need you to help I with the eye ! he step on the hand , pin it to the ground . steven in a minute billy ! billy can I go to the parade with you after that ? the hand get loose , give Steven the finger . steven maybe ! crunch ! he pin it down again with the blade of the shovel . billy ( frown ) awww , but maybe mean no ! steven what if we have some pumpkin pie instead ? billy when ? steven after we carve the Jack o’lantern , okay ?! billy nod excitedly . steven ( cont have ) but you have to promise to be quiet ! he shut he mouth like a zipper and duck from the window . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 32 . Steven look down at the hand . fill with rage , he raise the shovel high in the air ready to strike , when billy and don ’t forget to help I with the eye ! Steven be about to scream , but he son be go before he can get a word out . he look down at the sack , raise the shovel again , and wham ! bring it down hard . dissolve to : ext . pierce house , back yard - ten minute later the shovel pat down a mound of dirt . Steven step back and sigh . the task be complete . he 's exhaust , cover in sweat . look back at the house , he become enraged . he throw the shovel down and march through the yard . lightn flash and thunder rumble . steven ( imitate billy ) daddy , I want to carve a pumpkin ! daddy , I want to go to the parade ! he trip over a plastic toy . steven ( cont no ) goddamn it ! with a swift kick , the toy squeak and be send fly across the lawn . he 's on the back porch when a muffled yell catch Steven 's attention . he stop and look at old mr . kreeg 's house . kreeg be in the window stare at Steven with wild eye , furiously pound on the glass and scream something we can not clearly hear . he look like a rave lunatic . kreeg ( muffle ) ++- pierce !... damn you !! Steven watch for a moment , not sure what to do . finally ... steven crazy old fart . he ignore kreeg and head inside . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 33 . int . pierce house , kitchen Steven storm into the kitchen and slam the door behind he . steven billy !! no reply . a clock tick . he look at the counter , see the butcher knife . beat . a SMALL creature leap from behind the counter , shrieking ! Steven stumble backward , and land on he ass , hit he head against the door . the creature stare at he ... then begin to snicker . it reach up and pull off a rubber goblin mask , revealing : billy , wear a huge grin . and now that we see billy from head to toe , we realize he be the same boy who have he candy steal by Charlie earlier in the evening . billy ( giggle ) gotcha ! but Steven be not laugh . he 's seethe . he slowly stand , gritting he tooth , try to hide he anger . billy ( cont no ) so can we carve it now ? beat . Steven strain to hold back he rage . steven let 's go downstairs . billy do not sense the frustration . he toddle over , grab he father 's hand and tug he towards the basement door . as they walk away , we see Steven hide the butcher knife behind he back . int . pierce house , basement the door open . a pasty green fluorescent light flicker on . it 's a damp , and unfurnish cinderblock room . cobweb in every corner . box , old toy , and rusty tool scattered about . billy be still hold he dad 's hand , hopping down each step , two foot at a time ... sing : 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 34 . billy ( sing -songy ) on this eve of unholy cry , beware the cemetery for the dead shall rise ... Steven hate the noise . he sneer and grip the knife tighter behind he back . billy ( cont would ) feed the spirit to keep they at bay ... carve a pumpkin to light they way ! they reach the bottom of the stair . billy giggle and scamper over to a table where candle , spoon , and newspaper be scattered about . he stare at something offscreen . billy ( cont would ) ( sing -songy ) «.- find a mask and wear it well , or you soul will be drag to hell ... Steven pick at the blade with he thumb . it break he skin . a small drop of blood ooze . his son be play with the spoon and candle , oblivious . slowly walk up behind billy , Steven bring the knife out from behind he back and stare at it , glisten in the light . a pervert smile stretch across he face as he caress the edge with he finger . billy ( cont would ) ( sing -songy ) on this eve of force unseen , lock you door and check you candy +-.- tonight be Halloween . Steven inch the blade closer to billy 's neck . his son be fixate on the offscreen pumpkin . closer . Steven place one hand on the boy 's head , gently hold it in place , then raise the blade high ... billy ( cont would ) nlook at the table ) I want some candy before you go to the parade . steven swing the knife down . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 35 . thunk ! crunch ! it plunge deep . a fine mist of blood spray onto Steven 's face . he exhales , relieved . the anger and stress wash away . beat . billy chuckle . the knife be not jamme into billy 's head . in fact , he 's perfectly fine . he stare up at he father , still beam . wider on the room to reveal the knife , bury to its hilt in the severe head of charlie corrigan . it sit on the table -- he terror- fill eye stare wide , he mouth freeze in a scream . Steven yank the knife back out , and gently place it in billy 's tiny hand , wrapping he son 's finger around the wooden handle . the boy grin like he be just hand a new toy . Steven smile proudly , almost teary - eye . together , they stare at the head . it 's a real father and son moment . billy smile . billy ( cont would ) do not forget to help I with the eye . ext . fence - night a black cat prowl along a fence , silhouett against the orange full moon . it hiss at something and dart away . ext . suburban STREET - night a familiar group of trick-or-treaters stroll down the sidewalk : brandon , jimmy , autumn , amber , todd , and heather . ail in costume . Todd 's outfit be cover in reflective tape - ~ the work of a paranoid mother . brandon be chew on a candy bar . heather I hope you check that for razor . jimmy whatever . do not tell I you actually buy into that old lady 's crap . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 36 . todd but Lisa kernohan go trick - or - treatin’ without a costume last year and she never come back ' cause I will bet samhain get she . brandon she move to Cleveland . todd oh . a rustle in the nearby shrub freeze they in they track . the cricket stop chirp . brandon do you hear that ? jimmy I do not hear anything . brandon exactly . a low growl echoe from the shrub . they stare into the bush , ready to piss they pants . Heather let Todd and the girl cower behind she . heather nobody move . two glowing yellow eye open , glaring at they in the shrub . jimmy ( terrify ) do pissing my pants count as move ? crash ! something massive leap from the bushes and land on brandon . he scream , pin under a snarling werewolf . its claw hand wrap around he throat ! jaw snap at he face ! Todd cover he face with he hand . the other scream . the werewolf rear back , open he jaw wide and lunge for brandon 's throat when -- wham ! the creature be smack on the back of the head by a large treebranch swing by Heather . he keel over , moan and roll on the ground . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 37 . werewolf oww ! the werewolf painfully laugh and get to he foot . the kid stop scream . Todd be still cover he eye . the creature grab the edge of he face and pull off a mask , revealing - ~ adrian , grin from ear to ear . adrian ( rub he head ) shit , do not you know it be I ? heather yes . brandon 's face go from shock to pure rage . brandon jesus adrian ! every fucking year !! the other be fume too . especially Heather . adrian oh , come on . you girl should be expect it by now . brandon I think you parent ship you ass off to military school . adrian light a cigarette , blow the smoke in brandon 's face . adrian they do . jimmy so escape or expell ? adrian a little from column a , a little from column B. Heather sigh and shake she head . adrian approach she , grin . she do not move away . adrian ( cont no ) and look at you , slugger . a driver 's license in you purse but still stick in the babysitter 's Club . you really must have piss off daddy . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 38 . heather another side effect of dating you . kind of like that rash . adrian snatch brandon 's candy bag and rummages through it . adrian you should not have . brandon hey ! adrian pull out a variety of odd item and drop they to the ground . adrian let 's see . candle ... hershey bar ... incense ... candy corn ... chicken foot ... twix ... cat collar and -- he pull out the ornate ceremonial dagger Heather buy at the occult shop . he gawk , not sure what to make of it . adrian ( cont have ) okay , be you guy start some kind of a gang or be you experiment with alternative lifestyle ? Heather grab the dagger and bag , put the item back . heather asshole . adrian what 's all this crap for ? adrian catch the kid stare awkwardly at each other . adrian ( cont no ) come on now . no response . the twin try to hide giggle . adrian grab jimmy and give he the tittie-twister of a lifetime . jimmy owwww ! adrian tell uncle adrian ! the other helplessly watch while Jimmy cave . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 39 . jimmy ( in one breath ) Heather - say - the-veil - between - the - wor 1lds~of - the-live - and-dead - be - the - thinnest - on-halloween - so - we be go - to-do -a~seance - and -summon samhain -so- todd~can-say-goodbye-to-his-dead-cat ! the kide jimmy !! adrian laugh and let Jimmy go . Todd turn away , humiliate . Heather give he a reassure hug , scowling at adrian . adrian you know you be suppose to read Harry Potter , not smoke it ... clearly unhappy , brandon tug at Jimmy and they quietly walk away . the other kid follow . Heather do not notice . adrian ( cont have ) .»- how in the hell be you plan on pull that off ? heather as a matter of fact , I have become a practice wiccan . adrian be that like home ec or something ? heather no dickhead , a wiccan . a witch . adrian which happen to rhyme with -- shrill scream fill the air . Heather look around , realize the kid be go . she take off , adrian rush to follow . ext , pierce house , front yard they round a corner and spot the kid stand on the front porch of steven pierce . Steven be in the doorway , hold a bowl of candy . he look up and wave to Heather . she half - smile and wave back like the bored baby - sitter she be . adrian so where be we ? Heather rolis she eye . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 40 . adrian ( cont no ) I be sorry ! really . let I come . heather I think you have do enough damage . todd ( 0.s. ) woohoo ! thanks Mr. pierce ! ext . suburban STREET - continuous the kid rejoin Heather and adrian and they continue walk . Jimmy pull brandon aside and urgently whisper to he . jimmy did you see that ?! it be a friggin body ! a real one ! in 1l bet that be real blood too ! brandon shut up ! that thing be more fake than you mom 's new boob . adrian gently pull a small leaf from Heather 's hair , lightly caress she cheek . she do not stop he . brandon sneer . adrian hey -- I remember that night when we bust out the ouija board and play my dad 's record backwards ... it all be like old time . besides , there 's something kinda sexy about a black magic woman . she remember , almost smile . the other see she break . brandon she say no assho -- heather okay . adrian & brandon what ! ? the other moan . adrian smile , victorious . heather but no more bullshit . get in the way and I nil turn you into a toad . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 41 . adrian as long as you turn I back with a kiss later . Heather hide a smile . brandon sneer . in the background , Sam run from Steven 's house to kreeg 's house , open the gate , and scurries into the yard . adrian ( cont ' have ) I know the perfect spot to work you mojo . right by the creek behind the school - ~ heather no . not there . adrian then where ? ext . MAIN STREET , halloween parade - later woosh ! a plume of FIRE shoot across the sky . the flame burst from the mouth of a stilt - WALKER dress as a fifteen - foot tall demonic clown . he cackle and lumber past other costume marcher wind they way through the town 's annual halloween parade . Heather lead the group through the crowd . adrian be right behind , follow by the other kid . Jimmy and brandon stare in awe at woman in skimpy costume . not watch where he 's go , Jimmy bump into -- lori . she yelp and spin around , stare down at Jimmy in he Dead elvis costume , eyeing she like a little pervert . jimmy hey baby . lori sigh and walk away , clearly frazzle . adrian catch up to Heather , stare at she long gown . she try she best to ignore he . adrian I , uh ... like you costume , heather thanks . make it myself . adrian I steal mine from k - Mart . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty heather figure . a awkward beat . adrian so listen ... I be sorr -- heather you never even call . adrian I know . you dad 's restrain order make sure of that , heather what be you talk about ? adrian ask he about it some time . heather I will . they walk , nervously glance at each other . adrian so how do this spell of yours work ? heather we invoke samhain and ask he for permission to speak to the dead ... ( off Todd 's mortify look ) -+- um , dearly depart . adrian what 's a samhain ? heather not a what , a who . adrian still look confuse . Heather sigh . heather ( cont would ) he 's the celtic god of the dead . the actual spirit of Halloween . adrian uh huh . so he 's like some kind of evil Santa Claus ? or a demonic Easter Bunny ? that be so retarded . 42 . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 43 . heather why ? Halloween predate Christian holiday by century , and if they all get mascot , why not one for the best night of the year ? adrian true . so I suppose we need some eye of newt and a cauldron to give sama call ? heather do not be a idiot . ( beat ) that be for love spell . Heather walk further ahead . adrian watch she , enthralled . ext . sharon wood , cemetery front gate - later Heather lead the group through a dark and dense section of forest . the kid look scared shitless . finally , they emerge into a clear where a massive rusty gate sit in front of they . it swing loosely in the wind , screeching . wider . the gate mark the entrance to a vast , gothic cemetery . it 's the size of a football field , fill with decrepit mausoleum and tombstone . pumpkin grow between the grave , they vine twist over the ruin . a thick blanket of autumn leave cover the ground . the far edge of the cemetery be encroach by a cornfield . a giant scarecrow sit in the stalk , tatter limb blow in the breeze , encircle by more decaye monument . jimmy Holy shit . the kid gawk . todd what be this place ? brandon it 's old . jimmy it 's creepy . adrian it 's dirty . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 44. heather it 's perfect . Heather swing the gate open and step inside . adrian follow . the other do not move a inch . heather ( cont have ) come on in kid , they look at each other hope someone else will make the first move . or maybe turn around and run . finally , the twins grin at each other and take a nervous step into the cemetery . Jimmy and brandon soon follow . just one leave . heather ( cont no ) Todd ? he shake he head . heather ( cont no ) what ' 's wrong ? todd not suppose to go in there . brandon what ? todd the smelly old lady say we be not suppose to go in there ! brandon oh God . brandon storm over to Todd , grab he candy sack and pull he through the gate . Todd do not let go . todd hey ! he drag Todd kick and scream through the gate . brandon oops . Todd get up , dust himself off , clearly not happy . they stand in a semi-circle , face Heather . heather be we ready ? they nod . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 45 . heather ( cont no ) good . we just need a few more ingredient . ext . sharon wood cemetery , edge of cornfield - moment later Autumn reach up and pull off a ear of indian corn , its kernel be blood red . amber and Todd be stare at the nearby scarecrow , sway in the wind . int . mausoleum a dark and dingy crypt cover with ivy and mildew . brandon reach into a stone sarcophagus and screeech ! a trio of rat leap out of the coffin and scurries into the darkness . jimmy scream and do not stop . brandon bitch slap he . jimmy ' S owww . prick . brandon reach in and SNAP -~ pull out a bony arm . brandon one right hand , check . jimmy it look like a foot . brandon it 's a hand . jimmy you sure ? brandon fold down all of the finger . except the middle one . ext . sharon wood cemetery , among the tombstone adrian follow Heather through a row of pumpkin and grave , watch every move she make . she check he out a few time too . he bend over and pick up a pumpkin , size it up . adrian this one look good . the bottom fall out . seed splatter . heather rotten . he hold up another one , oddly shape . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 46 . heather ( cont would ) too weird . Heather crouch down , check out another candidate . adrian move closer , put he hand on top of hers . adrian ( softly ) so . what do you think ? he look at she , smile warmly . Heather look into he eye , then she eye move from he face , down he body ... heather too small . ouch . she get up and walk away . he catch up . adrian so I suppose this place be some sort of gateway between dimension ? a place of unspeakable dark power ? heather Nah . I just think it look cool . ( beat ) here . this one . Heather be point at a impressive bright orange pumpkin . it grow straight out of a grave , its vine twist and snake over a angel statue that tower above . ext . sharon wood cemetery , front gate - later thunk ! heather ‘s dagger plunge into the pumpkin 's orange flesh . juice seep . thunk ! slash ! thunk ! slice ! slice ! more juice , more fleshy chunks . it 's like a bizarre lobotomy . wider to reveal a freshly carve jack o’lantern , sit in a pile of its own moist innard , it 's vacant grin still unlit . the kide sit in a semi-circle with they back to the gate , face Heather and the Jack o’lantern . they all seem a little spook . a circle of candle have be light around they . heather sit in front of the sacrificial Jack o’lantern , deep in concentration . heather samhain , Father of night , we humbly summon thee . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 47 . she hold up a handful of stringy pumpkin gut . adrian wink at she . she try not to smile . she grab the indian corn , the chicken foot , and a handful of candy and drop everything into the pumpkin . heather ( cont would ) ++- grant we permission to break the barrier between night and day ... she light a candle and the pumpkin 's scowl glow to life . heather ( cont would ) ...- between life and death . she hold the skeletal arm up high , and snap it in half . a wind pick up . wham ! the gate screech and slam shut behind they . they all look around , heart racing . Heather remove one last item from she bag : a dirt cover shoebox tie with twine . she cut the string with the dagger and open the lid . she reach in , about to lift up whatever 's inside when -- a scream fill the air , echoing from the surround wood . the kid turn around just as steven pierce slam against the other side of the gate . he 's shirtless , panic , begging for help . he yank at the gate but it will not open . steven oh God , help I !! please !! the kid stare at he . he look insane . jimmy do not let he in ! brandon it 's just Mr. pierce . steven pleeeease ? ! jimmy yeah , but look at he . he 's lose it . nyell to Steven ) Nice try Mr. pierce ! the kid roll they eye and turn around . in the background , Steven run back into the forest . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 48 . Todd close he eye as Heather reach into the shoebox and gently lift up the decaye body of patch the cat . she place the cat inside the pumpkin , let the body catch fire . the flame burn high and bright . the corpse smolder , smoke pour from the Jack o’lantern 's mouth and eye . heather spirit of night , of mist , of moonlight , you who be seldom see ... Thunder rumble above . heather ( cont have ) «.- speak with we now on this holy night , come to we this Halloween ! the wind howl . lightning snake across the sky . Heather be in a trance . her eye roll upward , revealing only stark white . she grab the knife and raise she arm high . the other be get nervous . heather ( cont no ) efficiut daemone , UT quae non sunt ... she slice she palm , let the blood drip into the pumpkin . jimmy ew . the flame shoot higher . Todd be shaking with utter fear . heather »+-sic tamen quasi sint , conspicienda hominibus exhibeant ! heather shriek and stab the pumpkin with the dagger -- thunder rumble . a fierce wind blows out the candle . todd scream and bolt into the graveyard . brandon hey , where 's he go ?! heather Todd , come back ! we be not finish ! he disappear into the tombstone . they look at each other , stunne . jimmy so what now ? 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 49 , heather brandon , you and Jimmy head right . ( to the twin ) you two head leave . I will go up the middle . scream if you find he ! they leave adrian behind , stand clueless and useless . adrian I will ...uh ... wait here . ext . sharon wood cemetery , row of tombstone jimmy and brandon creep through gravestone and pumpkin . Jimmy check over he shoulder , jump at he own shadow . ext . sharon wood cemetery , edge of cornfield amber and autumn reach the end of the cemetery where the scarecrow loom above , creak in the wind . ext . sharon wood cemetery , front gate - later adrian sit on a tombstone smoking a cigarette , bored and piss off . the sacrificial Jack o’lantern smolder nearby . he check he watch , then get up and look into the dark cemetery . it 's quiet and still . no sign of the kid . adrian ( yell ) Heather ?! anybody ? adrian look back at the gate , then at the graveyard - ~ tear . he could just leave . beat . he march into the cemetery . behind he , a cat dart between the tombstone . ext . sharon wood cemetery , edge of cornfield - moment later adrian reach the edge of the graveyard and look up at the scarecrow silhouett against the moon . it 's twisted body dangle from the wooden beam . adrian Heather ? he hear a small drip -- like rain hit a leaf . drip . again . he look at a cornstalk , see liquid fall onto one of the leave . he reach out , touch it , and rub it between he finger . it 's blood . he see more drip from the scarecrow 's arm . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 50 . adrian ( cont have ) what the ... he look closer at the scarecrow and realize it’s todd . his limp body dangle from the wooden beam like a ragdoll , swap for the miss scarecrow . adrian ( cont would ) jesus christ ! adrian back away , when the cornfield rustle . he stare and listen , breathe hard , try to look through the stalk . it rustle again . the stalk tremble , sway , and boom ! crash toward he like a rolling tidal wave . adrian turn and run back into the graveyard , scream . ext . sharon wood cemetery - continuous as he bolt out of the cornstalk and into the cemetery he run around the corner of a mausoleum and right into jimmy . tied to the front of a angel statue , he eye wide open , he steaming innard spill all over the ground . a lollipop drop from he mouth . adrian shriek like a girl and keep run , speed along the fence , watch as something in the corn follow , match he speed . he scream louder , run faster and fall -- into a OPEN grave . ext . sharon wood cemetery , OPEN grave thud . he land in complete darkness . adrian ow . click , spark . he flick on he lighter and see brandon . propped up against the wall of the grave , throat slit . his costume soak with blood . adrian scream and spin wildly , try to climb up the side of the grave , clump of dirt fall onto he face . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty sl . he see a tree root dangle at the top . he jump for it and miss . he jump again and grab it , strain to pull himself out -- almost there . the root begin to stretch , ready to snap . adrian be lose he grip , slowly sink back into the darkness . he whimper . a hand lash out , grab he arm . he look up and scream . it 's heather , try to pull he up . she look more frighten than he do . ext . sharon wood cemetery , among the tombstone she pull he out of the grave and they collapse in a heap . Heather be tremble , cry , in shock . blood stain cover she dress . heather Dead ! they be all dead ! I try ... I try to find Todd but he ... he get they ! he get all of they ! adrian grab Heather , shake she by the shoulder . adrian who ? who get they ?! she do not answer . she just stare at he , mumbling . then adrian realize she 's not stare at he -- but above he . heather he do . adrian turn around and see the scarecrow . stand over they , seven foot tall , wield a huge rusty scythe like a grim reaper . adrian scream and stumble back . he trip over a break tombstone and wham ! Hit he head against the base of a statue . the last thing adrian see , blurry be : heather shrieking as the scarecrow raise he blade and swoosh ! swing it down hard . smash CUT tq : blackness and utter silence , for a uncomfortably long period of time . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 52 . and then cricket , follow by voice over the black . brandon ( 0.s. ) be he dead ? heather ( 0.s. ) wishful think . ( gently ) hey adrian , rise and shine . fade in : ext . sharon wood cemetery adrian ' 's eye flutter open . he groans , try to focus on the circle of face around he . indiscernible . adrian ugh ... I just have the worst nightm -- he vision focus on the leer face of todd , jimmy , brandon , and heather . they be ghoulish -- pale , bruise , and bloody . Jimmy 's intestine be drape over he shoulder . adrian be lay against a headstone , eye wide . heather boo . adrian scream . they all smile , hold back laughter . adrian but you ... you ... and that scarecrow -— his gawk , stare at something above they head . the scarecrow be rise behind they , it 's giant blade poise to mow they down with a single swing . adrian start crawl backwards , point . the kid turn and look at the impose figure , unimpress . brandon oh no . please do not kill we again . jimmy insert scream here . clang ! the scarecrow drop its scythe . adrian drop he jaw . the scarecrow break in two , the upper body jump off the leg . the top half , torso and arm , toddle over . it reach up , pull off its hat and long overcoat . the bottom half drop the big baggy pants , revealing -- 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 53. the twin girl , Autumn and amber . smiling . adrian but I see you ... all of you , you be dead ! the kid laugh and reach for they face , slowly peel back rubbery skin . adrian watch , horrify and fascinate as they fake bloody wound plop to the ground . brandon the look on he face be payment enough . adrian pick up the wound and get a closer look . feel the fake blood . stretch the foam latex . adrian you. Little . shit . Todd stick out he tongue . adrian be infuriate , but try to keep from smile , heather so , how do you own medicine taste ? brandon hold up one of the mask . brandon and show a little respect for my work ! you have to admit it 's impressive . adrian be impressed , and he face show it . adrian what about all that dead cat crap ? Heather look at Todd . he sulk and turn away . heather ( whisper ) that really happen . it be just too good to leave out . adrian sigh and shake he head . adrian do I need to say it ? they nod eagerly . adrian ( cont have ) okay . you get I . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 54 . the kid laugh mischievously , savore they revenge . brandon finally ! can we go now ? I still want to egg Old Mr. kreeg 's . Heather help adrian up . she brushes he off , pick a few leave from he hair , wipe a smudge of dirt from he face . adrian I should tie you up and burn you at the stake , heather kinky . adrian and Heather stare at each other , a million unspoken word pass between they . he try to go in for a kiss and -~ she bend down and start gather up she stuff . he sigh , then start to help she . Heather look around . heather ( cont would ) where 's Todd ? he 's nowhere to be see . brandon maybe he have to piss . Heather groan and hand the bag to adrian . heather here . finish up . she head off to look for Todd . adrian watch she , more enamoure then ever . ext . sharon wood cemetery - among the tombstone Heather march through the graveyard , annoyed . heather Todd ? we be leave ! she stop , suddenly notice that she can not see more than a few foot in front of she . a thick fog be building . crunch . Heather hear the sound and follow it . rounding a corner she catch a glimpse of : todd , sit against the other side of a tombstone . crunch ! it sound like he 's bite a lollipop . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 55 . heather ( cont would ) hey , let 's go . he do not reply . ext . sharon wood cemetery , front gate the fog creep and roll around the other . adrian be put candle and other item back into Heather 's bag . he get to the spot where the Jack o'lantern should be . it's gone . so be the cat 's body . only the bony arm and some empty candy wrapper remain . adrian bend over to get a closer look , and pick up the hand . ext . sharon wood cemetery , behind a tombstone Heather nervously approach Todd . the crunching get louder . heather Todd ? she walk around the tombstone and turn white as a sheet . todd be motionless , slump against the tombstone . and sit on he lap , be patch the cat . alive . lick the boy 's face . the lick become nibble , then full fledge biting . crunch . crunch . Heather start to back away , about to vomit . heather ( cont would ) oh ...god ... patch look at Heather , flesh dangle from its mouth . the cat be burn , decaye , bone visible through char skin , eye glow a pale yellow . it hiss . ext . sharon wood cemetery , front gate adrian be hold the skeleton hand , inspect it closely . it twitches . he drop it and be about to scream when - ~ heather ( q.s. ) adritiaaaaannnn ! ! Heather be run towards they as fast as she can , disorient in the fog . adrian run to meet she . she collapse in he arm . the other gawk . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 56 . adrian what 's wrong ?!? heather ( panic ) I ... I do not think it would work ... but it do ...it ... come back ... adrian what come back ? meow . behind they . they slowly turn around to see patch . emerging from the fog bank , stare at they with its glow yellow eye . jimmy patch ? but ... she 's dead . brandon I think she still be . they slowly start to back away , when the ground begin to tremble . a wind pick up . the thick layer of leave begin to move ... throbbing , undulate ... as if something under the leave be push its way out . they stare , baffle , when they hear a moan . something else be move in the tombstone . the kid stare into the fog as a pair of yellow eye stare back at they ... follow by another pair ... and another ... a gallery of glowing eye be slowly move closer . the kide whimper , watch dozen of figure step out of the fog and into the moonlight -- they rotten flesh dangle from skeletal body , dress in burial clothes from various time period , they bone intertwined with pumpkin vine and dirt . it 's a group of freshly raise Zombies . the kide scream and turn to run for the gate when the ground erupt in front of they . dirt and bone fly as dozen of coffins shoot straight up from the ground , block they way . but Jimmy be too scared to stop run . brandon ( cont would ) Jimmy ! ! just as he run by , a coffin lid fly open and pale , emaciate arm wrap around he . it 's a undead grandmother . she smile with swollen , purple lip , and hundred of maggot spill out . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 57 . Jimmy kick and scream as she pull he into the coffin and it sink back into the Earth . Heather and adrian watch , horrify and helpless . brandon be stammer . he grab they and they start run , when he realize . adrian where be the twin ?! ext . cemetery the twins have already take off , shriek and jump as arm and hand spring from the ground , claw at they foot . amber spot a mausoleum up ahead and they dart toward it . int . mausoleum wham ! the girl slam the heavy metal door shut . they lean against it , panting , cry . it 's dark and quiet . beat . boom ! something hit the other side of the door . the girl scream and jump back . they can hear the creature scratch at it , try to get in , but the door hold firm . bound . bounce . bounce . a small , dirty rubber ball roll to they foot . amber and Autumn slowly turn around , stare at a little girl . or what 's leave of one . she step into a shaft of moonlight , she once white burial dress now yellow and tatter . she stare at the twin with sink , milky eye . in she arm , she cradle a writhe undead infant like a doll . another undead girl skip into the moonlight . and another . follow by a little boy . even more follow . the girl back against the door , stare at a dozen undead child slowly come lumber toward they . hungry . the twins scream . ext . cemetery adrian , Heather , and brandon dart and weave between the crypt and gravestone , but everywhere they turn , zomby of every size and shape be claw they way to the surface , screeching and hiss as they vomit from the earth . the creature shuffle and crawl after they , toothless grin on putrid face . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 58 . ae some be so badly decompose that they be little more than skeleton or torso cover in mud and worm . adrian this be the wrong way ! we have to make it back to the gate . brandon check over he shoulder -- and stop run . brandon wait . Heather and adrian turn around . the zomby be at least fifty foot behind and not exactly gain ground quickly . brandon ( cont no ) look . he see the gate in the distance , just past the creature . brandon ( cont no ) we can make a run for it . heather but which way ? he point right down the middle , through a scattered group of the creature . adrian be you insane ? brandon completely . arm erupt at they foot . they scream and take off , run as fast as they can back toward the gate ~ ~ straight into the crowd of zomby . one try to grab adrian and he skillfully dodge it . brandon duck under the leg of another . Heather be not so lucky . a creature grab she by the hair and yank she back . she scream , grab its arm ~ ~ and it snap off in she hand . they both look surprised . beat . heather swing the arm like a bat and knock the zombie 's head clean off . she shriek and start to pummel the shit out of it when adrian pull she away . os adrian come on ! 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 59 . brandon be almost past the creature , when with lightning speed a SMALL zombie leap from behind a tombstone and knock he to the ground . brandon scream , stare up in horror at todd . now one of they . brandon Todd ! no ! Todd hiss and tear into he like a animal . the other creature sense the kill and join the party , create a gap big enough for Heather and adrian to safely run through . Heather be about to run back for brandon when adrian grab she . adrian you can not help he ! ext . cemetery , front gate adrian slam into the gate and try to push it open . it will not budge . Heather try to help , still no use . behind they , the undead horde be get closer . adrian look down and see a tangle mass of thick pumpkin vine tie the gate shut . adrian what the hell ?!? he frantically try to pull the vine off , but they struggle against he , wrapping tighter around the bar . a SMALL figure stand on the other side of the gate , watch from afar . adrian spot he . adrian ( cont would ) hey kid !! it 's SAM . still in he orange pjs and flour sack mask , but the outfit be dirtied and stain , as if it be tear up and sewn back together . he cock he head , watch curiously . the kid scream , reach between the bar , wave for help . adrian and heather hey !...c’mon !... help we !... open the gate !... pleeeease !!! Sam ignore they cry , watch they squirm as the zomby move closer . the sacrificial jack o’lantern sit at he foot . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 60 . Heather stare , realization flood she face . heather oh my god...no ... adrian what ?! heather the spell do work . it 's he . he come . adrian him who ?! she point at the mask stranger . heather him . .. samhain . adrian do not want to believe it , but in he heart , he do . heather ( cont would ) and he bring friend . Sam wave , then bend down and pick up the Jack o’lantern . he get one last look , then turn and walk into the wood . the skeletal horde be almost on they . patch purr and rub against one of they leg . the leg fall off . Heather and adrian turn around , shaking in terror , back press against the fence . more hand and vine emerge from the under they foot and wrap around they leg . they gaze at each other , teary - eye , apologetic , full of unspoken emotion . finally , they move closer , shut they eye - ~ and kiss the silhouette of the creature be only inch behind they . close on Heather and adrian 's hand as they squeeze each other tight . smash CUT to : blackness and the sound of a wet , fleshy , crunch . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 61 . ext . MAIN STREET , halloween parade - night woosh ! a plume of FIRE shoot across the sky . the flame burst from the mouth of a stilt - WALKER dress as a fifteen - foot tall demonic clown . he laugh maniacally and lumber past throng of costume people , wind they way through the town 's annual halloween parade . onlooker laugh and scream as giant skeleton puppet soar high above . a local tv reporter and camera man cover the celebration stand on the corner , surround by spectator . a group of howling grim reapers use bone to pound on massive drum that look like they be make from human skin . the rhythm be deafen . we dart and weave through the crowd and into a alley ... ext . MAIN STREET , alley - continuous it 's dark and secluded , far from the street party . at the far end , two figure be lock in a embrace : a tall man in black wear a long robe , and a young woman dress as little bo peep . they be kissing passionately . she pull back , revealing she strike feature . she smile at the man , who be still obscure by shadow ( we never see he face ) . she go in for another kiss . the man nudge she back , gentle but firm . she 's surprised , but still intrigue . bo peep c'mon , this be why we come back here be not it ? no reply . he just breathes deeply . bo peep grab he hand and delicately trace he finger around she lip . he inhales , clearly arouse . she smile , move in for another kiss . he push she away , harder this time . bo peep ( cont would ) ( amused ) okay ... so you have intimacy issue . bo peep slowly massage she hand over he chest , feel he muscle . his breathe get heavier . the drum from the parade echo faintly . bo peep ( cont no ) strong , silent type hmmm ? 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 62 . she move down he arm , squeeze they . the drum get closer ... louder ... bo peep ( cont would ) c'mon , the man let out a slight exhale . she caress he torso , slowly move she hand past he belt , towards ... bo peep ( cont no ) Little bo peep lose she sheep and can not tell where to find they . he shove her against the brick wall . bo peep ( cont have ) ow ! watch it asshole . I do not go for that rough shit ! he do not apologize . do not reply . just stand there , watch . breathe . bo peep ( cont would ) screw this . bo peep try to move past he but he grab she arm . she try yanking it away , but stop . he 's delicately and seductively trace he index finger along she bare skin . she relax . he gently bring the arm up to he lip and kiss it . she close she eye in ecstasy . the drum pound . stronger , faster . he place small kiss along the length of she arm , move towards she wrist . she close she eye , let out a slight moan , enjoy the sensation . the drum pound . then , he gentle kissing slowly become a steady , prolong , sucking . her eye spring open and she see he’s biting her wrist . a river of blood drip down she arm . bo peep ( cont have ) ewwww ! the shadowman hiss , revealing glistening fang drench in she blood . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 63. bo peep ( cont no ) jesus christ ! get the fuck off I you freak ! she swiftly punch he in the face . he keel over . she yank free and bolt down the alley scream . bo peep ( cont would ) somebody help I !!! but she cry be drown out by the throbbing drum . she run , splash through puddle and garbage . she 's almost at the end of the alley ... just a few more foot . she can already see the back of people watch the parade . she glance over she shoulder and see nothing . he 's not follow . in fact , he 's completely go . the drum pound . she slow down , confuse , breathe hard . she turn around , walk backwards when the shadowman slowly and silently rise up behind her , block the alley exit . he breathes , deep and heavy . bo peep hear he . she close she eye , and slowly turn around , terror wash over she face . she look up . he seem impossibly huge , a massive shadow loom above , cape flutter in the wind . the drum pound . she whimper , shaking she head , eye brim with tear . bo peep ( cont would ) no ...please ... he hiss . the drum pound , louder and harder than ever . he lunge , completely engulf she in he long black cape . she scream . ext . MAIN STREET , alley entrance little bo peep 's cry echo from the alley , blend with the howl of the grim reapers and the pound of they drum . the crowd laugh and applaud . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 64 . ext . MAIN STREET halloween parade , drexel theater - later the shadowman walk among the crowd , when he suddenly stop ... something have catch he eye : lori stand in front the theater . she 's on a cell phone , look lose and overwhelm , scan the crowd for a familiar face . lori c'mon Sara , pick up ... she hear the phone ringing , but no one answer . she hang up , frustrated . all she can see be hundred of people drink and laugh , each and every one of they in costume . even the local cop have dress up . someone's Pov : move quickly through the spectator , head straight for lori . it weave around one person after another , getting closer . come up right behind she ... lori be still look at the crowd , oblivious . she jump at the sight of a woman dressed as a dead bride , then step out of the path of a fat demonic chef carry a pot of human head . someone ‘s Pov : now only a few foot behind lori ... a nanny push a baby carriage with a actual baby wear little devil horn . she know none of this be real , but lori can barely hide she fear and revulsion . suddenly a scaly , clawe hand grab lori 's shoulder . lori shriek ! spin around to see -- SARA want some candy little girl ? her older sister SARA , dress as a sexy vampire , plus a skeletal rubber glove on one hand . Sara laugh . lori try to catch she breath , clearly not amused . lori Jesus , Sara . as if I be not freak out enou -- 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 65 . SARA squeal and hug lori tight . too tight . lori ( cont no ) } ow. lung . air. , . please ? Sara let go and step back , still beam . SARA sorry , I '' just so excited for you . it 's you big night ! lori ( unenthusiastic ) yeah ... big night . they start walk . Sara stare at lori 's skimpy outfit , and can not help but look surprised and impressed . SARA and you certainly dress the part . lori oh God , it do not scream Whore of Babylon do it ? Cause I could change ... SARA no ! you look great ! you just do not look like ... you . lori seem a little offended . SARA ( cont would ) I mean ... nevermind . so where the heck have you be ? I have be wait forever . lori hold up the invite . lori well this little map be not much help . it completely fail to point out the rove gang of drunken hick . SARA I think the guy be kinda cute . lori yeah , so do they sister . ~~ they stop at a corner . Sara look around as if try to find someone . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 66 . SARA shit , where would the rest of we little pack go ? lori bite she lip , suddenly uneasy . Sara notice . SARA ( cont no ) you nre still not worried be you ? she do not answer , just look away . SARA ( cont would ) c'mon , time heal all wound , right ? lori hold up she arm and show a SMALL scar -- a kid-size bite mark . lori if I could show you the emotional scar , I would . they be still call I a runt a year ago . SARA okay , most wound . but they want to see you pull this off just as much as I do . trust I . lori still look apprehensive . lori I do not know ... be samantha go to be there ? SARA of course . she 's screwing Jeff . lori look revolt . SARA ( cont have ) I know , I do not want to picture what they litter be go to look like either . ( beat ) but listen , if they give you any shit , t’'1l send they run with they tail between they leg , okay ? Sara give she sister a reassure hug . lori smile , do a pretty good job of hide she apprehension . lori Fine . but blood will be spill if anyone calis I -~ 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 67 . jeff ( 0.8 . ) runt ! lori and Sara turn around to find a group of attractive twenty - something urbanite : grant , a boy next door , be Sara 's handsome fiancee and wear the dud of a big game hunter . jeff carry a small camcorder , videotape everything . he 's a big lug , dress as a pig and stand next to he girlfriend : samantha , deck out in a skintight cat costume . she 's the polar opposite of lori - - tall and confident ... a diva and not afraid to show it . lori do not seem especially thrilled to see they , especially samantha , but go along for the ride . grant and Jeff gawk at lori , stunne by she appearance . grant only be a year , but damn ... maybe I propose to the wrong sister . lori blushes , surprised . lori oh , uh ... thanks . I think . Jeff push grant out of the way and shove the camera in lori ' 's face . jeff so ! how 's the Big Apple be treat ya ? lori it 's big . almost as big as you , Jeff . Jeff aim he camcorder at lori 's breast . Zoom in . jeff speak of big ... samantha jab jeff in the rib . she stare lori down , figuratively and literally . jeff ( cont no ) ow ! 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 68. samantha so be that a costume or be you just a wolf in slut 's clothing ? lori it 's a costume . samantha make it yourself ? lori um , yeah . samantha think so . lori look a little hurt , not sure what she do to warrant the jab . Sara step in . SARA you know , we should probably get go . the group start to walk through the parade , weaving through a motley mix of mummy , trekky , and superhero . lori pull Sara aside . lori I tell you . SARA you be do fine . she 's just play alpha dog . Sara look up at the full moon above . SARA ( cont have ) besides , it 's a full moon . it drive everybody crazy . lori sigh and they walk away together . they walk right by : the shadowman blend in with the crowd . he 's only a arms-length away , he cold stare focus on lori . he follow the group as it walk away . ext . MAIN STREET halloween parade - later lori and the other make they way through the parade , squeezing past float and step over pile of trash and fresh vomit . lori be still jumpy . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 69 . she keep fall behind the other , get lose in the crowd , and rush to catch up . a executioner swing a severe head in front of samantha 's face . she coldly swat it away , clearly annoyed . Jeff videotape the whole thing , but she push the camera away . samantha Christ , this town be like a post ~ apocalyptic nightmare . jeff it 's Halloween . it 's suppose to be psychologically traumatize . samantha say who ? I never get the whole fake blood thing . it 's just so ..-. tasteless . much like the local . grant at least they have the holiday spirit . samantha one of many contagious disease , I be sure . why do we gracious host pick a fly-over state this year ? grant come on ! it 's the one night when nothing be quite what it seem -- when we can finally give into the call of the wild . samantha I think my call be a wrong number . grant then just try to make the best of it . samantha I always do . lori bump into someone and yelp . she look down at jimmy , dress as dead elvis . he grin at she like a little pervert . jimmy hey baby . she sigh and walk away , clearly frazzle . samantha watch , pick up on lori 's grow unease . she think for a moment and smile ... 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 70 . samantha do you guy know the murder rate spike on Halloween ? lori snap to attention . samantha ( cont would ) miss person report double . Animal shelter will not even let people adopt black cat because wannabe Satanists try to sacrifice they . ( glare at lori ) then there 's assault . robbery . arson ... SARA okay samantha . samantha kidnap . SARA we get it . samantha rape . SARA enough ! it 's too late . samantha 's prodding have do its job . Sara glance at she sister , concerned . it 's obvious lori wish she could shrivel up and die . the group stop walk . grant and here we be . ext . MAIN STREET town square - continuous lori leok around and realize they be stand in the middle of the town square . the other gather around she . lori . oh crap , you know what ? I think I leave part of my costume in the car , why do not I run and -- SARA ( cut she off ) lori. Sara shake she head , disapprovingly . lori sigh . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 71 . grant be she ready ? SARA she 's ready . grant pull out a blindfold . lori look at it , nervous . the other circle around she like shark . grant lori , you know how this work . lori I could use a refresher . SARA ( try to be helpful ) just think of it as a scavenger hunt . jeff in a strange town . grant on a strange night . samantha alone . grant you have twenty minute to do a simple job . find this item ... he hand she a envelope . seal . grant ( cont have ) +.. and then just make it to we cozy little gather in the wood . he hold out he hand . lori give he she cell phone . grant ( cont would ) make it in time , and all the privilege of we private little club be yours . do not , and ...uh ... he look at the other , but they just shrug . grant ( cont would ) well , you will die old and lonely ... or something bad . Real bad . lori look at the envelope , twitching with anxiety . Sara pull she aside , far enough to be out of earshot . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 72. SARA listen , we can do this next year if you want . it 's not a big deal . maybe the gather will be someplace less ... a superhero dress in ratty long underwear strolis by , grin at Sara and lori with a mouthful of tobacco-stained tooth and a long shaggy mullet . SARA ( cont would ) ++-vural . lori breathes deep , muster courage . lori just go . really . I need to do this . SARA ( smile ) okay . they walk back to the other . lori alright . let 's play . moment later grant have wrap the blindfold around lori 's eye . she slowly begin count . lori one. two. Three ... grant good luck kid . lori four. five. six ... jeff yeah , seeya . ( quieter ) wouldn not want to be ya . lori Seven ... samantha do not show up empty hand . runt. 3/21/03 . trick or treat Michael dougherty 73 . Sara smile one last time at she little sister , then walk off with the other . lori eight. nine ... lori remove the blind fold . her friend be go . she 's completely alone in the center of town . lori ( cont have ) poop. she open the envelope and remove a small slip of paper . her jaw drop when she read it . lori ( cont no ) what ?! ext . MAIN STREET - butcher shop the shadowman stand in front of a butcher shop , watch lori . she look disorient and helpless . as she walk away , he start to follow . ext . MAIN STREET halloweeen parade - bus stop - later lori sit on a bench , steal glance at a guy in a ape costume sit next to she . she 's do she best to look seductive but she flirt be clumsy at best . lori so do a 800 pound gorilla really sleep wherever he want ? with whoever he want ? he do not reply . she inch closer , run she finger through the fur of he mask . lori ( cont would ) so , where do you keep you ... he slump over , pass out drunk , lori ( cont would ) ..- bananas . in the background , the shadowman watch . ext . MAIN STREET , halloween parade - STREET corner lori lean against a streetlamp , try to look sexy . she smile at various guy , but no one pay much attention , 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 74 , finally , a cop on the other side of the street see she and do a doubletake . lori smile and wink at he . lick she lip . show off she goods . he shake he head and cross the street . she see that even he be wear a small mask . lori primp herself , and just as she 's about to say hello ... cop keep move honey , nobody in this town be buy . lori wait ... wha ? he gently nudge she back into the sea of people . cop you hear I , take the night off . lori realize what he 's think . lori oh no , officer , really ... I be -- she 's sweep away into the parade , right past the shadowman . ext . MAIN STREET , sidewalk - later lori turn a corner , glance over she shoulder one last time at the celebration . she sigh , discourage , and keep walk . wham ! she smack into a tall figure and jump back . lori sorry . you scared the hell out of I . the mystery man wear a long black robe that obscure he face . he do not reply , but just breathes heavily under the hood . she try to step past he . he step in front of she . she try to move around he other side . he block she again . lori ( cont no ) ( try to laugh it off ) um , heh , just need to squeeze by . still no reply . just more heavy breathing . lori tense . lori reach into she purse , whip out a stun-gun . it crack and SPARKS to life , blue light reflect on they face . the figure flinch . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 75 . figure whoa ! hey ! he step back and pull off the mask , revealing a drunk college kid underneath . college kid I be only screwin’ around ! really . it 's all good . she put the stun-gun back in she basket . lori oops . get carry away . college kid yeah . happy Halloween to you tao . he walk away . lori think for a moment , get a idea . lori ( call out ) hey , wait ! wanna go to a party ?! the kid ignore she and walk off . lori sigh . ext . sharon wood , entrance lori sulk to the entrance of the forest and pause , rethink what she 's about to do . the path ahead be dark , barely light by the full moon above . lori screw it . she walk into the wood , leave crunching under she foot . ext . sharon wood , pathway a owl sit on a gnarled branch . it hoot , twist its head , watch lori stroll down the dark path . it narrow and darken as she head deeper into the forest . she try to keep herself calm , check every shrub and tree . cricket and creak branch be the only sound to comfort she . suddenly there 's a noise ahead ... small footstep , crunching leave , and something be dragge . it 's get closer . lori stop , try to see what 's come . the footstep be closer . she start to back up when SAM step out of the darkness and into a shaft of moonlight , drag he bag behind he . he look harmless enough . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 76 . relieved , lori sigh and keep walk . as they approach each other , Sam suddenly stop . lori look down at he , puzzle . lori oh. Uh...hi. he stare at she , then lean ever so slightly to the side and as if look at something behind she in the distance . lori turn around , but do not see anything . lori ( cont no ) what be it ? Sam stare at lori for a moment , then continue on he way . lori watch he leave , not quite sure what just happen . she keep walk , listen to Sam 's footstep fade behind she . then , he footstep stop . lori glance over she shoulder -- Sam be go . beat . she walk faster , more nervous than ever . the tree seem to get larger , sway in the wind , they twisted arm veaching out for she . it 's like she 's step into a dark fairytale . she try to calm herself ... lori ( cont have ) ( whisper to herself ) and when Little Red Riding hood be in the dark forest on she way to grandmother ' 's house , she meet a Big bad Wolf ... there 's a rustle in the bush . she jump and pick up the pace . lori ( cont would ) ( whisper to herself ) +..and the Wolf say '' where be you go little girl ? '' and Little Red Riding Hood reply '' to my granny 's to bring she bread , and milk , and sausa - from behind , lori hear the crunch of leave and more footstep . she stop . so do the footstep . she turn and look down the path . nothing there . she keep go , cautiously look over she shoulder a few more time . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 77 . lori ( cont would ) ( whisper to herself ) ... sausage . and the Wolf say '' why not let I taste some of you meat , to make sure it 's gocd enough for you grandmother . '' and Red say ... footstep again . she stop and turn around , listen . they be a distinct , heavy step , not little Sam 's . they be get closer . lori ( cont have ) ( to herself ) +.. screw this . lori turn bolt down the path , look back over she shoulder . up ahead , the pathway split : to the left -- the path veer into the wood . to the right -- the path wind towards a old cover bridge . she head for the bridge . int . cover bridge - entrance lori dive into the bridge and crouch by the entrance , hide in the shadow . she 's panting , but try to keep quiet . she catch she breath , listen for the footstep , hear nothing . beat . she sigh and stand . then , she hear it again -- the distinct click - clack of hard sole on the pavement . lori slowly peer out at the pathway . she squint and see : the shadowman . drenched in black , approach the fork in the road . her breath quicken . she pull back into the bridge , just enough to stay hide but still able to keep a eye on he . he 's get closer to the fork . lori carefully inch further into the bridge , but the floorboard creak with every step . she stand perfectly still , never take she eye off the approach stranger . he stop at the fork , and look down both path . decide ... suddenly , lori feel something on she hand . she glance down and see a huge spider be slowly make its way up she arm . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 78 . she want to scream but hold it in and close she eye tight . a moment pass . she open she eye to see : the shadowman be go . not head down either path , just plain go . lori look puzzle . she quickly swat the spider off she arm and crush it . suddenly , she hear laughter . faint and distant , echoing from the opposite end of the bridge . it sound familiar and comforting . she walk a little further into the bridge , careful not to make too much noise , and see it : the orange glow of a fire in the wood far ahead . ext . cover bridge - exit lori emerge from the bridge and stop . loud scream catch she attention . startle , she look down the path to see a bonfire burn in the distance . it 's accompany by chit - chat , laughter , and music . lori thank god . she smile , relieved . with she attention on the party , she do not see the shadowman emerge from the bridge behind she . she get ready to head for the party when she hear breathing . from behind . steady and deep . so close that she can feel it on she neck . a sense of dread wash over she . she turn around , and she eye lock on the shadowman loom above . she can not see he face but feel he stare at she . she 's paralyze , gawk . lori open she mouth , but before she can make a sound she 's yanked back into the bridge . int . cover bridge lori be slammed against a wall . he press against she , he glove hand squeezing she throat , he face only inch from hers . he sniff , lightly rub he nose against she skin and hair . she turn away , revolt . shadowman ++- and the wolf say , '' what 's in the basket little girl ? '' 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 79 . he trace he hand over she body , move down she arm towards she basket . he root through the item , pull out the stun gun . he hold it up , press the two button . it crack and pop -- blue spark briefly illuminate he face . he wear a ornate , black half mask that cover everything except he mouth , he smile . shadowman ( cont no ) naughty . he fling the stun gun against the wall , smash it to piece . the shadowman move in close , when lori see fang . sharp and bright white . the vampire variety . shadowman ( cont would ) and Little Red Riding Hood say ... beat . he wait for she to answer . she do not . he push she harder against the wall . shadowman ( cont have ) and red riding hood say .. and then we see something different in lori 's eye -- a odd spark ... a idea ... something wild . she kiss he . deep and long . he pull back , surprised . shadowman {cont have ) no ... I do not think that 's how it go . she bite he ear , hard and sexy ... lori be quickly get arouse . so be he . lori let 's skip to the end ... when the Big bad Wolf take off he costume . beat . he look at she , surprised . lori ( cont would ) or be you afraid ? he 's 's uncertain , not sure how to react . lori ( cont have ) pleeease . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 80 . she kiss he again , and this time he get into it too . both be oddly turn on . lori 's face travel down he neck and to the neck of he robe . she bite down on a string and pulis . his black robe drop to the ground . lori grab he shirt and rip it open . he finish take off the rest himself . finally , he grab the edge of he mask and slowly lift if off , revealing steven pierce . completely out of costume . he stare at she lustfully . steven boo. lori smile , then passionately kiss he on the neck . he close he eye , enjoy the sensation , when steven ( cont no ) ow ! he throw she off and grab he neck . a trickle of blood be aripping from a small bite mark . lori chuckle . lori oops . sorry . he smile back , but he expression slowly change to confusion as lori 's mock laughter get louder . lori ( cont would ) you know , you nre a very naughty boy . steven what ? she close she big blue eye . beat . lori it 's not safe to be out on Halloween --- without a costume . she blink wide , revealing burning GREEN eye . a wolf 's eye . her brow furrow . Bones crunch . she snarl and smile with a mouth full of gleaming canine fang . Steven gasp , stammer . lori ( cont no ) my my , what big eye you have . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 81. he step back , horrify , yet can not tear he eye away . lori take a deep breath and moan , rub she hand over she body as it begin to tremble and change . she writhes in ecstasy as she arm and leg stretch . Hair grow . clothes rip . claw emerge where finger once be . lori throw she head back in a climactic scream , and as she cry out , she scream become a pierce wolf howl . terrify , Steven stumble back and run . ext . sharon wood he bolt into the wood , lose , disorient and terrify -- stumbling between twisted tree and thick foliage . ext . cover bridge ~ entrance a huge black shape leap from the mouth of the bridge and tear into the wood after Steven . [ note : we do not see the creature clearly until much later ] ext . sharon wood twig SNAP behind he , follow by vicious snarl and snap jaw -- the terrifying sound of lori quickly gain . he scream and try to run faster , but can not see anything clearly in the dark . he trip over tree stump and ivy , he foot heavy with mud . huff huff -~ the creature be close enough that he can hear panting . wham ! he slam into something big . he scream and look up ... it 's just a tree . he keep run . howling fill the forest . a massive shadow leap through the tree with lightning speed . the howl be unlike anything we have hear before ... a bizarre mix of a wolf 's cry and human laughter . a girl 's voice in the distance catch Steven 's attention . he stop , try to locate the voice . voice ( 0.s. ) samhain , Lord of the Dead , accept we offer ... it 's come from a gate in a clear ahead . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 82. ext . sharon wood cemetery ~- front gate Steven slam against the gate and pull at the bar , but it will not open . he look into the cemetery and see heather sit with the other kide in a semi-circle with they back to he . he frantically wave to they . steven oh God , help I !! please !! the kid turn and stare at he , but do not budge . they look annoyed , whisper to each other . steven ( cont would ) pleeeeease ?! jimmy ( yell ) Nice try Mr. pierce ! the kid roll they eye and turn back around . something move in the foliage behind he . Steven spin around , eye darting , he can hear deep heavy breathing . he bolt back into the forest . ext . sharon wood - continuous thorns and branch slash he face as he stagger through the dark , run deeper into the forest . snarl echo behind he , get closer with each second . then , something odd catch Steven 's eye . a child , stand on a hilltop twenty foot away . upon closer inspection , we see that it 's Sam . steven help I !! Sam wave , beckone he closer -- this way ... hurry . he scurries away , disappear over the other side of the hill . steven ( cont have ) wait ! Steven follow , climb the hill . he reach the top and look down the other side to see a bonfire surround by a loud , thumping party . steven ( cont would ) thank god. 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 83 . ext . sharon wood , forest clearing - bonfire party Steven run from the tree and into the decadent celebration where twelve man and woman lounge and dance around a bonfire , enjoy each other 's company and each other 's body . steven help I !! he wildly grab at the partygoer begging for help , but they just stare in shock and step out of he way . he look insane . steven ( cont have ) oh God ... pleeease !! Steven spin , panic ... it 's a blur of tribal music and shocked face when wham ! he slam into SARA and grant , fall to they foot . steven ( cont would ) p-p-please ... help I ! Sara kneel down , she seem startle and genuinely concerned . SARA what be it ? what 's wrong ?!? he mutter , barely able to talk . steven .+.W.. wew - werewolf ... SARA ( astonished ) what ? grant shake he head , laugh . grant oh great . a howl echoe in the forest . grant 's smile fade . the music stop . the partygoer stare into the tree . steven we have to get out of here ...now ... please ! he urgently tug at Sara 's arm , but no one move . steven ( cont would ) come on ! ! 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 84 . a woman scream as a massive shape leap from the forest and land in the the clear . it 's obscure by the fire , but Steven back away . he know what have come . strangely , the partygoer do not flee . they just murmur and step aside , clear a path for : lori . finally completely visible from head to toe in werewolf form , she 's both terrifying and beautiful . slowly and gracefully step through the crowd on all four , she head straight for Steven and Sara . Sara smile , relieved . SARA lori . lori saunter up to she sister . her demeanor be casual , almost playful . Sara gently stroke she fur . SARA ( cont would ) you make it . Steven gawk at she , then look up at grant . grant ( mockingly ) oh nooo ! it 's a werewolf ! Steven look at the rest of the partygoer , who can barely contain they laughter . he 's baffle ... what 's wrong with this people ? he try to crawl away but Sara firmly step on he back with a crunch . SARA stop squirming . Sara kneel down , affectionately pet lori. SARA ( cont no ) good pick . a little skinny , but he will do . ( gently whisper ) I be so proud of you . we all be . lori whimper a little , wag she tail . Sara stand up . SARA ( cont would ) well then , should we get start ? lori look at the other . they be smile and nodd , face full of admiration . even samantha look surprised . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 85 . Jeff bury he face in she neck . she squeal and they resume make out . Steven be throw . he stare at the crowd , snicker and whisper to each other . thunder rumble above . lightning flash . leave swirl in the howling wind . all around the bonfire , a strange , almost sexual energy be building . the group writhes and moan . they caress and rub each other , rip and claw at they costume , expose naked and sweaty flesh . suddenly , entwine arm and leg stretch and distend . Hair sprout . they laughter and voice meld into a guttural chorus of growls . then , all at once , they rear back and let out long , terrifying howl . they're all werewolve . samantha and jeff be make out , but in they bestial form . then , all at once , the wild and unruly pack become eerily quiet . they slowly turn away from Steven to look at SAM . sitting on a tree-stump , kick he leg back and forth like a eager child . the werewolve bow slightly in supplication , and Sam nod he head in approval . the pack turn back around and hungrily stare at Steven , but keep its distance . this kill belong to lori . lori turn to Steven . tear stream down he cheek . lori slowly approach , sniff he , lick he tear . it 's almost tender . Steven sit back , lean against a tree , ready to die . steven '' all the better to eat you with . '' he close he eye , and lori pounce . the pack rear back and howl with approval . ext . sky - above sharon wood the full moon hover above the treetop . below , deep in the forest , steven' scream mix with the sound of loris triumphant howl . ext . kreeg house three payr of tiny hand grip the bar of the front gate . alex , matthew , and nathan , all around twelve year - old , stare at the disshevel house with fear and awe . they be dress as the three stooge . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 86 . nathan maybe nobody 's home . the window on the ground floor flicker with light of a t.vv. alex oh , he 's home alright . let 's go . ext . kreeg house , front yard - moment later candy bag in tow , the boy head up the cobblestone walkway . the grass be almost as tall as they be . weed and debris combine with shadow to form strange , ominous shape . int . kreeg house , window someonen Pov watch the kid approach through a lace curtain . Alex look at the window . the mystery stalker duck out of sight . ext . kreeg house , front porch they reach the porch . the wooden floor be cover with ieave , newspaper , and old mail . they look up at the massive wooden door , then at each other , wonder what they have get themselves into . matthew let 's just get it over with . who want to kno ... Alex pound on the door . matthew ( cont would ) ++-knock ? they get into position , bag raise high . beat . no answer . nathan see ! nobody home . let 's -- a deadbolt click . they stare at the door , eye wide . another click ... and another -- as if ten deadbolt be be unlock . beat . Alex raise he bag high . he nudge Matthew . he and Nathan do the same . the knob slowly turn . all three inhale deeply and -- 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 87 . alex , matthew & nathan trick or treat , smell our feet give US somethin 's good to -- the door fly OPEN and a robed figure barrel out of the darkness , screeching like a banshee . robed figure good to eat !! splash ! the kid be hit with a gallon of thick red liquid , soaking they from head to toe like blood . they scream , drop there bag , and take off back down the walkway . a SMALL and fast creature with glow red eye and a demonic face tear out of the house , chase after they . ext . kreeg house , pathway - continuous all three be in tear , run as fast as they can for the safety of the gate . the creature be gain , snapping and growling at Alex 's heel . he 's not so tough anymore . alex it 's gonna eat I ! it 's gonna eat I ! Nathan and Matthew reach the other side of the gate . nathan don ’t look back alex ! don‘t look back ! matthew c'mon , let' go ! leave he ! just as the creature be about to pounce , Alex dive through the gate . Nathan slam it shut , lock the little monster in the yard . they run down the street scream , right past charlie corrigan , who watch they leave , baffle . ext . kreeg house , front porch the figure step into the light , revealing old mr. kreeg . his '' creature '' scurries back up to the house and leap into he arm . kreeg pull off the creature 's rubber mask , revealing spite , he hyperactive Jack Russell terrier . it lick he face and whimper . kreeg put he attack dog down . it grab the mask in its jaw and scurries inside . kreeg follow , and be about to shut the door when he spot : the candy bag , sit on the porch . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 88. kreeg shuffles over and pick they up , sneering with contempt . kreeg I hate Halloween . he slam the door shut . int . kreeg house , foyer - moment later kreeg toss two sack on the floor next to the rusty bucket and drag the third sack with he into the live room . int . kreeg house , live room - continuous like its owner , the inside of the house be withere and decaye . the dark , rundown home of a reclusive packrat . yellow wallpaper peel from crack and water-stain wall . bottle of medicine and booze be scattered on a small table next to a large and wear out recliner . a oversize black and white tv sit on the floor . kreeg plop into the chair with the bag of candy and get comfy . spite hop up onto a smaller chair and curl into a ball . kreeg sigh , happy to be alone again . he punch the remote and the antique tv flicker to life . the black and white screen show a reporter cover the town halloween parade . the camera pan across the crowd , catch a brief glimpse of lori stand on a corner . kreeg Halloween crap . he flip channel and finally land on a old black and white horror movie . rummaging through the sack , he pull out a small candybar , and take a bite . even the chocolate can not bring a smile to he face . he spit it out and put what 's leave on the table . he grab a bottle of scotch and take a swig , then pull a smolder cigarette from the overflow ashtray and puff away , he eyelid grow heavy in front of the the tv ... later kreeg and spite be sound asleep in they chair , snore . outside , we hear the creak of the gate open and slamming shut . spite perk up , growl at the window . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 89 . kreeg 's eye flutter open and he watch as spite hop out of he chair , scurries into the foyer and come back carry he Halloween mask . the old man realize what 's go on and turn off the tv. kreeg ( mumble ) goddamn kid . leave I the hell alone . spite jump up and down wildly . kreeg pull himself out of he chair and shuffles to the window . through the window the front gate swing loosely in the wind . it screech open and slam shut , over and over again . kreeg sigh , a little relieved ... until he hear giggling come from the front porch . Children giggle . int . kreeg house , kitchen ~ moment later kreeg put the bucket in the sink and turn on the water . as it fill , he pour in the rest of the syrup , turn the water a sticky red . he think for a moment , then turn on the hot water . steam billow from the faucet . int . kreeg house , foyer - moment later bucket in hand , kreeg press he ear to the front door . he can hear the floorboard creak and snot - nose chant : child ( 0.s.} ( sing ) on this eve of unholy cry , beware the cemetery for the dead shall rise . feed the spirit to keep they at bay , and carve a pumpkin to light they Way ... spite quietly growl under he mask . child ( 0.8 . ) ( cont no ) ( sing ) find a mask and wear it well , or you soul will be drag to hell ... a knock at the door . kreeg step back . another knock , heavier . he unlock the first deadbolt ... click ... quickly follow by the rest . outside , the child be get louder ... 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 90 . child ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) ( sing ) on this eve of force unseen , lock you door and check you candy , tonight be halloween -- trick or treat ! kreeg fling OPEN the door and hurl the bucket of hot , sticky water . spite bark wildly . the water splashes harmlessly onto the porch . nobody there . ext . kreeg house , front porch —- continuous kreeg step outside , confuse and piss . he listen , but only hear the wind . grumbling to himself , he shuffles back inside . spite be lick up the sweet puddle of water on the porch . kreeg get in here . spite whine and scurries inside . kreeg start to close the door , but poke he head out and look around one more time . still nothing . he sneer , then shut and lock the door . int . kreeg house , live room kreeg be about to settle down into he chair when a shadow run past the window follow by more laughter . spite bark . kreeg nearly have a coronary . kreeg damn it ! the old man part the curtain and look outside . wham ! a egg splatter against the window , hit so hard the glass crack . fuming , kreeg throw open the window and see the silhouette of a child run towards the back of the house , disappear around the corner . int . kreeg house , foyer kreeg open the closet and grab a old wooden baseball bat . he hold it up , feel the weight . kreeg ( mutter ) happy Halloween . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 91 . he waddle down a long hall towards the back door . spite run ahead , dive through a small doggie door and into the yard . kreeg slowly approach the door and look out the window . he see spite in the yard , chew on something . he flip a light switch and unlock the deadbolt and chain . kreeg ( cont would ) spite ! git you ass in here ! but the dog do not listen , he 's too busy chew on whatever he have in he mouth , ext . kreeg house , back yard - moment later kreeg cautiously step inte the yard and walk up to spite . the dog lick he chop , do with whatever he be eat . kreeg you finish fartin’ around ? spite wag he tail . kreeg be about to head inside when he hear a faint yelp . he look over the fence into the yard next door and something catch he eye . he can see the top of someone 's head poke out of what look like a freshly dig grave . kreeg ( cont no ) who the hell be that ? no answer . kreeg ( cont have ) I get a nra membership in my pocket and a shotgun in the closet , so get out here before the coroner have to drag you out in piece ! finally , steven pierce poke he head out and wave . steven it 's just I Mr. kreeg ! kreeg well what in God 's 's name be you do down there , pierce ? hiding more body ? someone's Pov : 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 92 . watch the two man from behind a bush . kreeg and Steven continue chat , but all we can hear be the stalker 's faint , eerie breathe . it 's child like . the stalker focus on kreeg and quietly giggle to itself ... back to scene : kreeg ( cont no ) and keep you kid outta my yard ! Steven look puzzle . what the hell be he talk about ? ext . kreeg house , back porch kreeg waddle onto the porch . spite follow . kreeg ( mutter to himself ) goddamn freak . steven ( 0.s. ) happy Halloween ! kreeg screw you ! int . kreeg house , downstair hallway - continuous kreeg slam the door , then turn the lock and fasten the chain . safe and sound . knock knock at the front door . kreeg turn and look down the hall , think for a moment . spite growl . knock knock spite run to the front door and crouch , ready to pounce . ext . kreeg house , front porch the door fly open and kreeg storm out swinging the bat . kreeg get the hell off my prop -- kreeg stop dead in he track , he jaw drop . dozen of jack oxlantern be scattered around the porch . they ghoulish face glow in the dark . ghost make from rag sheet sway in the tree . a entire scarecrow be plant in the yard , surround by more ripe pumpkin . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 93 . spite whimper . kreeg rage , raise the bat and start smashing the jack oxlantern . he raise the bat again when -- spite bark . kreeg see the dog look inside the house . he follow spite 's gaze , look down the hall to see the doggie door swinging back and forth , settling shut as if something just crawle through it . spite head down the hall and stop , sniffing the air . unafraid , kreeg sneer and step back inside the house . int . kreeg house , foyer kreeg squint , listen carefully . other than the heavy tick of the grandfather clock , it 's completely silent . kreeg ( to himself ) fee fi fo fum . he slowly step into the hall . the floorboard creak . small muddy footprint lead from the doggie door and up the stair . spite growl at the the faint pitter patter of tiny foot upstairs . kreeg look up , follow the sound . it stop . spite bark and run up the stair . kreeg ( cont would ) spite ! int . kreeg house , stairwell kreeg look up the stair . they ascend into pitch black . he flip a light switch . the bulb flicker for a split second and burst . but in the brief flash of light , kreeg catch a glimpse of a SMALL figure darting across the upstairs hall . he jump and nearly drop the bat . the electricity go out all around the house . the stairwell be dark again . he listen for spite , hear nothing . kreeg c’mere boy . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 94 . he whistle . it 's only meet with more silence . then , the familiar sound of the dog 's little foot run down the upstairs hall . kreeg sigh , relieved . spite yelp in pain . kreeg ( cont have ) spite ?! no answer . just the pitter - patter of a child 's foot and more eerie giggling . kreeg gulp . he grip the bat tight , and slowly walk up the creaky stair . int . kreeg house , upstair hall kreeg reach the top and try another light switch . no luck . Thunder rumble outside . he breathes hard , feel he way through the dark hall . kreeg ( whisper ) ... spite ? he approach two room on either side of the hall . a faint scratching from the room on the leave catch he attention . use the bat , kreeg push open the door . int . kreeg house , guest bedroom it 's a dark guest room fill with old furniture , cardboard box , and a bed that have not be sleep in for decade . more scratch . from the closet . kreeg nervously approach the door . grab the knob ... and open it . it 's completely dark inside . and quiet . beat . screeeeeech ! kreeg be hit by a swarm of red eye , wing , hand , and ghoulish face . he scream and fall to the ground , try to fend off the attack . he stop , recompose himself , panting . look closer . the glow eye and leathery wing be only mechanical bat . they flutter a few more time and finally come to a stop . the ghoulish face be just old mask and glove that look a lot more sinister in the dark . the cardboard box that fall from the closet be label '' halloween decoration '' . kreeg get to he foot , embarrassed and angry . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 95 . int . kreeg house , upstair hallway he storm into the hall , fling open the other door , revealing : a dingy bathroom . dirt-cake tub , rusty faucet and a toilet desperately in need of scrubbing . the showerhead drip . he head toward one more room at the end of the hall , raise the bat as he approach . behind he , the small mysterious figure tip-to across the hallway , disappear in the dark . int . kreeg house , master bedroom kreeg slowly walk into the room , squinting . bottle and pill be scattered on a nightstand next to a unmade bed . kreeg spite ? thunder rumble . lightning flash , filling the room with burst of light . kreeg turn , horrify , stare at the wall . '' trick or treat give I something good to eat '' have be scrawle on the wall and ceiling in fresh , dark red bload . he scream and back out of the room . int . kreeg house , upstair hall kreeg fumble through the dark and down the stair . he make it about half way when he feet slip and kreeg tumble end over end , until he hit the floor hard . init . kreeg house , stairwell kreeg groans , look at the stair . they be cover in candy -- gum ball , candy corn , licorice , and lollipop . he look down the hall . a flicker orange glow fill the live room . int . kreeg house , live room kreeg painfully limp into the room and gasp . a huge jack o‘ lantern have be place on the fireplace mantel . its light cast a huge sadistic grin around the entire room . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 96 . a old rotary phone sit on a table . he pick it up . dial 9 ... wait for it to rotate all the way around ... then dial 1 ... and 1 again . a operator pick up . 911 operator ( on phone ) 911 , what be you emergency ? close on : a phonejack . a small hand reach in and yank the cord out of the wall . kreeg ( into phone ) yes I want to report -- click . the line go dead . kreeg ( into phone ) ( cont would ) hello ? hello !? laughter echoe through the house . kreeg fumble , drop the phone . he spin , hold the bat up , eye darting . waist ~ high Pov : run through the hall , around the corner , scurrying into the live room , come up behind the old man a blurry figure run by and slice ! cut a small gash in kreeg 's leg . blood spurt . kreeg scream and collapse . the shadowy figure scamper away , disappear into a corner of the room . he grab the gape wound . it 's bleed badly , soaking into he pajamas , still , he grit he tooth , and try to stand , but that familiar giggle stop he in he track . kreeg look over and see two SMALL feet dangle off the edge of he recliner , too short to reach the ground . they kick back and forth , childlike . kreeg ( cont no ) who the hell be you ?! the mystery guest hop off the chair , stand ... and finally turn to face he . SAM . dress in he orange pajamas and flour sack mask with button eye and crooked grin . stand in front of the Jack o’lantern , the resemblance be uncanny . kreeg stare at the '' child '' , shocked . Sam be hide something behind he back . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 97 . kreeg gasp as Sam slowly reach around and bring out a chocolate bar in a red wrapper . thick and half - —eaten . kreeg relax a little . Sam look at the candybar , then reach up and puil the wrapper back further -- revealing a razor blade stick into the creamy caramel center . it 's cover in blood . kreeg 's blood . Sam look at the blade , then at the old man . he giggle . kreeg try to make a break for the front door but fall again . Sam skip towards he , make playful stabbing motion with the candy razor . his voice be raspy and demonic , with a hint of childish glee . SAM trick or treeeat , triiick or treat , give I something ... kreeg try to stand , use the bat for support . Sam toddle over and kick the bat out from under he . kreeg collapse . the trick - or-treater raise he blade ! SAM ( cont have ) -+- good to eat ! Sam swing he blade just as kreeg swing the bat , hit Sam in the face . SAM screech and fall to the ground . his candy bar slide across the floor . Sam roll around in pain , hold he head . he screech more like a animal than a child . kreeg stand , use the bat like a cane . Sam sit up just as wham ! kreeg hit he again , send the trick - or- treater fly across the room . kreeg limp as fast as he can into the foyer . int . kreeg house , foyer ~ continuous he fumble with the lock click , click ... just a few more to go . he pants and wheeze , look over he shoulder and see SAM be gone . he turn back to the door , twist the final lock , grab the doorknob and pull . the door do not budge . he pull again , no use . he look through a peephole and see : long , thick pumpkin vine stretch from a porch column to the doorknob outside , hold it tight . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 98 . more giggling . kreeg press he back to the door , glance around the foyer for he three foot stalker . there 's no sign of he . he put the bat down , inch over to the hall closet , open it . he fumble around the closet , finally pull out a shotgun . he open the barrel . it 's load . he cock it , then grab a few more shell from a box on the top shelf and put they into he robe pocket . int . kreeg house , downstair hallway kreeg slowly head down the long hall toward the back door , gun raise , check corner . he 's shaking , finger on the trigger . lightn flash . he spot something in the corner and fire ! a char coat rack fall to the ground , smoking . kreeg shit . he cock the gun again , and inch closer to the door . he look around and unlock one deadbolt . lightn flash . then , giggling again . kreeg spin , raise the gun -- but there 's nothing there . but , above kreeg 's head ... something be scurrying across the ceiling . it 's too dark to see exactly what . lightning flash , illuminate SAM crawl on the ceiling like a spider . he scurries directly over the old man , stare down at he prey . kreeg turn another lock , when he hear a faint snicker . he look around , but can not find the source . finally , he realize it 's come from above . he slowly look up , just as screeech ! SAM launch down from the ceiling ! wham ! he land on kreeg 's back , nearly knock he over . kreeg drop the gun , and scream . Sam cackle , riding piggy - back , digging he hand into the old man 's face . kreeg fall back , smashes Sam against the wall . he still hang on tight . kreeg wobble and fall against the window . Sam continue to choke and claw , cackling like mad . finally , kreeg grab Sam 's arm and throws he across the hall . crash ! Sam hit a mirror and fall to the floor . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 99 . kreeg dash for the window . he try to open it , but it will not budge . he look outside and spot steven pierce about to walk into he house . kreeg yell , furiously pound on the glass . kreeg ( cont would ) pierce !! pierce !! over here !! Steven suddenly stop and look at the old man . kreeg ( cont would ) help I goddamn you !! Steven stare , not sure what to do . beat . he ignore kreeg and head inside . screeecch !! SAM leap and knock kreeg to the floor . he sit on top of the old man and wail on he . struggle to fight back , kreeg grab SAM 's mask and pull . the seam tear as Sam continue to punch and screech . kreeg yank the mask harder and it finally rip off , plopping to the floor . the old man stare in horror at samn face . a demonic visage not so different than the mask , it resemble a Jack o’lantern make of flesh and bone : pale , veiny skin , sink black eye , a skeletal nose , and a permanent grin fill with razor sharp tooth . kreeg scream . Sam throw he head back , laughing . SAM ( shriek ) trick or treat , trick or treat , give I something good to eat ! trick or treat ! trick or treat ! trick or treat ! kreeg use the moment and shove the demon off he chest . Sam fall to the side . kreeg reach for the shotgun . Sam quickly leap to he foot and grab kreeg 's leave leg ! the old man grab the gun , fumble with it . Sam open he jaw and bite down hard -- kachunk ! dozen of sharp tooth sink into the old man 's flesh . kreeg scream as Sam tear into he leg , chew and shaking like a wild dog . suddenly , Sam stop and look up . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 100 . the shotgun barrel be press against he skeletal nose . kreeg glare at the demon from the other end -- and smile . SAM whimper . boom ! he’s blown down the hallway , shrieking . his body slide and hit a wall with a thud . Sam convulse and twitches for a few second , then stop . kreeg sit up , panting . he look down the hall at the motionless body , still smoking and sizzling . he pick up the mask sit next to he , and painfully stand . he limp down the hall , gun raise , never take he eye off the body . kreeg stand over the corpse . half of Sam 's monstrous face have be blow away . instead of red blood , he innard be a mix of stringy orange pumpkin gut , seed , and thick black blood . kreeg toss the mask to the ground and spit on the remain . he take two shell from he robe pocket and reload the gun . kreeg trick ... he fire . boom ! chunks of Sam fly . kreeg ( cont no ) ++.0r treat . boom ! Sam 's right hand be blow into the live room . the smoke clear . piece of flesh and seed drip from the wall . the head and torso be nearly severe . kreeg nudge the body with the gun muzzle . kreeg ( cont have ) get up . it do not move . kreeg ( cont would ) get up ! it just sizzle . exhausted , kreeg sigh and limp into the live room . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 101 . int . kreeg house , live room -— continuous just as kreeg enter the room , he hear skittering , like a rat run across the floor . he jump and whirl around , look back into the hall . SAM ‘s body be still there , lie in a heap , motionless . more skittering . he spin , try to find the noise . thunk ! kreeg lets out a agonizing scream ! he look down and see : samn severe hand grip the razor candybar , twisting it deep into he foot . he kick the hand across the room , it hit a wall and flop to the ground , still hold the candybar . kreeg sink to the floor and grab he foot , try to stop the bleed . across the room , Sam 's tiny hand twitches . kreeg watch as it flip itself over , grab the candybar , and scurries towards Sam 's body . pumpkin-like vein drag behind it like a obscene tail . kreeg you gotta be kiddin I . int . kreeg house , hallway - continuous the hand tap the steaming corpse like it 's try to wake up a friend . beat . Sam do not respond . the hand tap the body again , and SAM twitches . he slowly sit up like a child waking from a nap . Sam blink and stretch . he see he hand and smile , it wave to he , then crawl up he chest , over he shoulder , and reattach itself at the end of the right arm . good as new . the imp grab he tear mask and pull it back on . it only cover a portion of he face , and as he smile we see he gleam , sharp tooth be still in tact . int . kreeg house , live room kreeg shriek and struggle to crawl across the live room . he 's bleed badly . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 102 . SAM slowly stand . most of the little demon 's body have be blast to bit , leave a skeleton wear burn and tatter orange pajamas . stringy , moist organ dangle and writhe from twisted bone . he cock he head to the side , and eerily wave at kreeg - - hello there . kreeg whimper , inching further back towards he chair , desperately look for something he can use as a weapon . Sam bend over and pick up he candy razor . he lick the blade , clean melt chocolate off the sharp edge . he take a awkward step forward , slowly walk towards the old man . SAM trrrrick orr treeeeat . kreeg be sandwich between the chair , next to the small table . he ' 's too weak to move any further . kreeg n-n-no ... please SAM hobble closer , lick he blade . Black blood drip onto the floor with each step . he 's savore the moment . kreeg look up and see the scotch bottle on top of the table , sit next to the candy . - Sam be get closer ... kreeg kick the table . the bottle wobble . a few piece of candy fall to the floor ... SAM be closer ... thunder rumble outside . kreeg kick the table again ! the bottle wobble more , almost tipping over . the half -eaten candybar fall onto kreeg 's chest . he scream , summon all of he strength , and kick the table as hard as he can . SAM give meeee ... the bottle fall to the floor and smashes ! SAM ( cont have ) sssomething ... Sam stand over the old man . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 103. SAM ( cont have ) good to eeeeat . he raise the blade , ready to strike . kreeg grab the break bottle and thrust a jag edge at Sam 's face . it 's a inch from he eye when SAM grab kreege hand . the demon look at the bottle , look at kreeg . beat . crunch ! he snap the old man 's wrist back . kreeg cry out , hold he hand . he try to crawl back further , but it 's no use . he 's do for . Sam slowly raise the blade high above he head . the demon smile , he sick grin grow even wider . SAM ( cont would ) gooood tooo eat ... kreeg close he eye , ready to die . thunder pound ! lightning flash ! SAM swing down , jamming the blade into kreeg ‘s chest ! crunch ! kreeg wince . Sam stare as Old Mr. kreeg exhales a die breath , he eye close . outside , the thunder fade . it 's quiet . the grandfather clock tick away . beat . kreege eye flutter open . very much not dead . confused , he look down and see : sam' blade , stick deep into the half - eaten candy bar that fall onto kreeg 's chest . Sam pull the knife back , the candy bar hang off the tip of the blade . kreeg feel he chest . no blood . no wound . he nervously look up at Sam , careful not to move too quickly . the demon inspect the candy bar . sniff it . take a small nibble . it crunch . he take another bite ... and smile . SAM ( cont no ) sssomething gooood to eat . Sam back off , munch on the candy bar . kreeg smile , almost laugh . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 104 . Sam walk toward the foyer . the door swing OPEN . wind howl , blow leave into the house . he start to leave but stop and turn around , glaring at kreeg . his black eye narrow . kreeg stare back at the demon and something pass between they . beat . Sam take another bite , walk out , and the door slam shut . wide on the live room . kreeg close he eye and sigh -- exhaust and relieved . fade to black . super title : later that night ext . kreeg house , front porch - night three little girl dress as the Three Little Pigs nervously stand on kreeg 's porch . one knock . they glance at each other think of turn back . suddenly -- the deadbolt click . follow by several more . the girl raise they bag . little pig trick or treat , smell we foot , give we something -- the door fly OPEN ! kreeg good to ebat !! the girl scream , but instead of be hit with a bucket full of sticky red water , they be shower with candy . chocolate bar , candy corn , gum ball ... everything . kreeg limp onto the porch . one arm be in a sling while bandage cover other various wound . the girl stare at he , then at the treat scattered on the porch . speechless . beat . they giggle like mad and start grab handfuls of candy . little girl thanks mister kreeg ! they take off . as kreeg watch the girl leave , a faint smile creep across he face . ext . kreeg house , front yard wider on the house . still cover in the Halloween decoration Sam leave earlier -- jack onlantern , ghost , even a scarecrow . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 105 . ext . suburban STREET the sidewalk be fill with trick - or-treater head home for the night , include some familiar face : heather , adrian , jimmy , brandon , todd , and the twins shuffle by . upon closer inspection , we realize they be still dead , but freshly rise and roam the street , blend in with all the other costume ghoul . Heather and adrian be hold each other 's hand , another figure shuffles by . it 's charlie corrigan . he 's miss he head , but sit in its place be a glowing jack o’ lantern . a child run by and bump into the undead bully . the Jack o’lantern fall from Charlie 's shoulder and smashes on the pavement . he wander aimlessly , try to pick up the piece . and somewhere in the distance , a pack of wolve howl . ext , kreeg house , front porch kreeg turn to go back inside -- but stop . he look back at the street and see someone stand by a tree in front of he house . kreeg squint , look closer ... and recognize the stranger be SAM , stand perfectly still in the dark ... watch he . kreeg 's smile fade . the two stare at each other for a moment , like two gunslinger at a duel . leave drift by . finally , kreeg awkwardly raise he hand -- and wave . ext . suburban STREET beat . Sam nod . a gesture of acknowledgment or respect between two former adversary , we be not really sure . suddenly , laughter catch Sam 's attention . he turn around and look across the street . across the STREET a young couple approach they front gate , a little drunk from the night 's festivity . the wife , emma , be dress as the bride of frankenstein , while she husband henry be a mad scientist . Emma bend down to blow out a jack o’lantern sit by the gate , but Henry stop she . henry whoa . not yet . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 106 . emma what ? henry it 's one of the rule . you need to keep they light . she roll she eye , check she watch , smile a drunken smile . emma I '' light . you be light . but we friend here ... she blow out the jack onlantern . emma ( cont no ) «+- they night be over . as the couple walk into they yard , we finally see that it be the same yellow house from the open of the film . SAM watch Henry and Emma for a moment , then stroll across the street ... --- and we know what happen next . ext . kreeg house , front porch kreeg watch Sam leave and shuffles back inside . int . kreeg house , foyer he 's about to limp into the live room when there 's another knock at the door . he jump , catch off guard , but smile and grab a bowl of candy . ext . kreeg house , front porch the door open and kreeg poke he head out , eye full of anticipation . but he glee give way to confusion . it 's -- billy pierce . the boy next door . Son of a serial killer . he stare up with a cold and emotionless face , dress exactly like he late father : khakis , a plain brown tie - - a few tiny spot of fresh blood be soak into he white dress shirt . kreeg look concerned , possibly even afraid . billy hold up he bag . 3/21/03 trick or treat Michael dougherty 107 . billy trick or treat . cur to : the glowing face of a jack o’lantern . push in on its evil , orange scowl . closer ... until the jack o’lantern fill the frame . suddenly , the wind pick up . the flame flicker ... and finally -- CUT to black . the end