triple frontier written by Mark boal dear reader , after a exhaustive search , I manage to locate Mark boal 's original draft of '' triple Frontier . '' I do not know exactly what version this be . however , from examine the metadata I do know that this be write on or around October 13 , 2010 . and '' modify '' February 26 , 2015 . if there be any interest , I can '' clean it up '' a little and make it look less like a ' xerox 's copy ( which it be ) . for now , though , here be Mark boal 's original '' triple Frontier '' screenplay . enjoy ! Nick runyeard fade in : flashes of bright color . a little confusing , exciting . booming rhythm of hip hop en espafiol . as the music build to a menace crescendo , realize we be look out the window of int / ext . armore bope military police assault truck -— rio do janeiro , brazil favela - day cramme inside the armored vehicle be five nervous , sweat , heavily armed , brazilian anti - narcotics military police [ the notorious batalhao de operace Policiais especiais . for short : bope ] next to they sit pope , a civilian , american / late 30 - early 40s / military bear / hard milage in he eye / who calmly watch the slum go by : io - beggar in rag . . : - bikini girl in less , on the prowl , | hip sway . - lanky young drug punk , shirt ] ess , openly carry rifle and machine gun everybody hustling , struggle . pope clock it all and feel the ) familiar twinge . so much poverty and pain in this ghetto , and yet , as usual , he be not here to help ... not really . the sonic thump of a police helicopter pass overhead interrupt he reverie , and we follow pope 's gaze up to - int / ext . police helo flying over rio do janeiro favela look down on a caravan of three armore bope military police truck , and several police car , as it snake through the shanty town 's maze . helo pilot ( in Spanish , into radio ) ready , ready . we be close ! int / ext . armore bope military police truck - continuous truck driver ( into radio ) Roger , roger . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 2 . the driver shout in Spanish to the cop in back , '' approach target " , which send they into a frenzy of wild shout , banging helmet and rifle butt , like a craze rugby team -- all adrenaline and blood lust . pope , the lone civilian , remain quiet . not judgmental . not surprised . he 's see this before , too . he smile . try to chill this kid out . ext . rio favela - continuous the convoy turn into a decrepit apartment complex . legend : rio de janeiro _ the vehicle stop , twenty bope military police leap out and take up offensive position under the order of captain diego , who pass a m4 carbine to pope . captain diego . self - defense . yk : '' pope take the weapon and chamber a round ' with the casual fluency of a man who work with gun for a live . ext . rio barrio - apartment complex | . diego , follow closely by pope , cautiously guide the man ( " two up there , '' " you stay back , '' " etc. ) through the favela labyrinth - -- around blind corner -- up steep , block - in stone staircase , pass resident with expression of boredom and mistrust -- onto a open avenue . ecu policeman 's face : alert , tactical , strain . pope' face : calm diego ( in Spanish ) secure the perimeter ! approach the large , most run-down building in the hood , a dilapidate six story tower .... when , out of nowhere , a warning shot ring out ( from somewhere in the neighborhood ) . suddenly - 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 3 . the scale of the operation become apparent as nearly a_dozen gang fighter appear in_the windows_of the six story tower and_let loose a barrage of automatic weapon fire . - bullet SNAP at the cop below , strike one officer to the ground as they rush for cover , return fire , and the scene - erupt into total chaos . ext . rio barrio apartment complex entrance - continuous as bullet whiz by , pope clock the target and terrain . we follow as he scan he eye from : -- Fire position in the main building to -- cover and concealment point on the street , back to fire position above and below -- calculate distance , grade , angle -- the shifting geometry of close quarter battle . -- and suddenly he 's solve it and grab diego to 'get he attention over the gunfire : 1 pope , ' ( have : the pin down , cop ) keep they there , dtego stare at he . [s the american loco ? pope ( cont 'd ) one or two minute - we will find a overwatch position . diego ( excited , in Spanish , into radio mic ) can you hold you position ? lt . constantini ( in Spanish , over radio ) fuck no , we need to get back . pope hear this over diego 's radio and shrug . pope one man 's opinion . skeptically , Diego give the order to hold position and 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only -- pope run down the street , away from the gunner 's nest . diego and two cop follow as he cut into a alley , -- pass the bikini girl - now hide in a foyer - then -- jump a fence , climb up the side of a low building , -- sprint down another alley - -- see a flash of clothing as a dealer scamper across a root overhead - raise he m4 - too late - keep run to the rear of five story building - - kick in the door , m4 ready and -- dash through the lobby - pass frightened resident - up a staircase , diego and other cop follow - CUT to : ext . rio barrio apartment complex - continuous back with the main force : the situation have harden into a stand - off . . ety the cop , pin down by gunfire from above , can not maneuver . the drug dealer , attack ' from below , remain stick in the building . + G i . still , the advantage seem to lie with the dealer occupy the higher ground . . '' roof diego and pope and the cop ( one of whom carry a at - 4 rocket / the other , a grenade launcher ) burst through the roof access door and run onto the roof , which have the perfect vantage point . from this perspective , they have a bird - eye view of the pattlefield . they now can see into the top floor of the six story tower , and they can see the pin down main force , below . pope instruct one of the cop to fire grenade into each of tower be top floor window . he shoot — boom ! -- the upper story erupt in flame ! -- at the same time , three gang shooter exit the building at street level , they gun blaze - as they maneuver to overrun the police . diego raise he rifle . pope shake he head , not yet . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only -- within moment , several other gang shooter follow , press they presume tactical advantage and flee the smoke which now fill the building . -- but from the Pov of the roof , the gang shooter be vulnerable in the open . pope ( in Spanish ) wait STREET pinned down police Pov : sight - line compromise , they be quickly become encircle . pope o.s. wait ... roof pope 's Pov : several shooter now vulnerable from above pope ( in English ) okay , go ahead - hit ‘om ! captain diego and he men shoot . wigting several of the gangster . killing twot sowing!confusion among the rest . simultaneously : i STREET the cop surge forward roof pope ( cont 'd ) ( to the cop with the at - 4 rocket launcher ) do you know how to use that ? cop yes . pope give it to I . the cop pass the rocket launcher , and pope expertly flip the arming trigger and fire straight at the building . orange flame erupt from the tube - - the rocket zoom towards the 6 story tower 's front door 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only - obliterate the entire lower facade - trapping the remain gangster in the burning building . a_brutal_and effective attack pope be not finish . pope ( cont 'd ) ( to diego ) now inside ! grenade - clear - grenade ~ clear - okay ? go ! diego give the order into he radio - STREET : rubber sole strike the pavement as the cop rush forward , toss qrenade - boom ! hard CUT to : ext . rio barrio - STREET corner — moment later it 's over . so i a thrashing prisoner be be carry , limb + by - Jeep around the back of one of the black police van , out of view of the many pedestrian and neeghbor , who have gather to keep tabs on the police . nearby be five other zip - tie tattooed drug prisoner and the spoil of the bust : pile of | drug , cash , and weapon . i diego ' ( to pope ) between you and I , I no longer believe in take prisoner . they bribe the judge and turn the jail into hotel , with tv and Internet . ( lean down to prisoner # 1 ) do you want Internet in you room ? the prisoner struggle to look up , make eye contact . biego shoot he . drop the lifeless body . pope woah . why do not you try be nice ? difgo grab a second prisoner with the help of the other cop , carry he limb by limb as he thrashes to get away 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only diego - do not have the luxury . a imbalance of power can only be correct one way . ( to the prisoner ) Excuse I , asshole , plato of plamo ? ‘he second prisoner spit - spit hit Diego 's boot . dlego shoot he . wipe he boot on the body . disgust , pope storm away . dlego go after he diego ( cont 'd ) hey , Pope ! hey ! pope what the fuck !? I like my passport - if State hear - diego you work for I ! this be not so , unusual . pot | pope turn to go . : '' : | diego ( cont 'd ) Walt , wait , I will try a interrogation , out of : deference to my advisor . but I be hot optimistic . | they head back to the van . ext . rio barrio STREET - moment later diego ( to a third prisoner , in Spanish , subtitle ) let 's go , amigo , the american be listen . prisoner # 3 take the money , it 's four hundred thousand dollar . diego I already have it . prisoner # 3 I could find another million by tomorrow . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only prisoner # 3 ( cont 'd ) ( Diego shake he head , raise the gun again ) listen to I , please . down in ciuda del este , les tre frontere , you know lorea ? ( in English , directly to Pope ) you know lorea ? the man struggle try to crawl away from he executioner . diego feign indifference . dlego what do you think ? ( to Pope ) you know lorea ? pope blg coke guy . diego okaaay . we all already know lorea ( to Pope ) for apa . you see what I mean ? ' : . a a ) the prisoner manage fo'rise on he knee . plead : | i prisoner # 3 you know where he keep he money ? pieco | ( still bored ) Mexico City . cayman . prisoner # 3 no - not the coke money , the real money , the meth money . it 's ina house in paraguay ... he do not trust the bank anymore because of 9/11 . he keep all the cash in he house . diego good for he . ( press the gun to the prisoner 's head ) stay still . prisoner 43 no. no. wait . I can show you the money house . it 's he private house . it 's in ciuda del este . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only prisoner # 3 ( cont 'd ) near iguza fall . there 's probably a hundred million dollar there - cash ! it would be a good bust for you . diego you think so ? prisoner # 3 yes . a huge bust ! it 's true man - ask the other guy . we have all be there . ask he ( motion to one of the last remain prisoner , a teenager ) it 's true ! pope look at the gangly teenager , a young punk / maybe 18 / maybe smarter than he look . and just like that , pope get a idea . ts this the one [ I have be wait for ? '' | ) rot | the prisoner be interrogate look , up| hopefully . t i i '' i diego shoot he . | | oo pope Jesus - do not I just ask you not to do that ? 1 diego i be sorry . but what can I do ? he be fuck with I . he know it be out to my jurisdiction . dlego motion to the teenager . diego ( cont 'd ) now the little devil . pope thrust out he arm , intervene . pope let I try something - privately . pope hustle the teen out of earshot . CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only ext . nearby build ~ continuous Pope put he hand on the teen 's shoulder . ' fry to do something good here : pope ( in Spanish ) I be not go to hurt you , L just want to talk . what 's you name ? come on , you can talk to I . L be not go to hurt you . what 's you name ? teen Duke . pope where 's you father ? duke L be the family . IL work . pope this could be you last day on the | tot job - you know what [ mean ? 1 from nearby , they hear a gun shot . ) Diego do he thing . | popey ( cont 'd ) you want to work for I ? I do not think this be go tg end well for you . duke shrug , reluctantly nod . pope ( cont 'd ) be one hundred percent . you do exactly what [ tell you - duke nod , still reluctantly . pope ( cont 'd ) all the way ? T be pop ? duke nod . heartily . pope ( cont 'd ) okay . without warning , pope grab duke by the neck with he thumb and_ index finger and simultaneously draw a butterfly knife and _ swiftly cut the kid twice in the cheek , then punch he with the same hand , open the wound . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only li . the kid nearly faint . pope support he with he free hand -- hold he up -- until duke recover from the shock and stand on he own , bloody but upright . his eye hot , defiant . pope smile , like the kid 's anger . pope ( cont 'd ) better there than cap in the head , right ? ext . van - moment later pope drag duke back to the impromptu kill field and shove he forward . pope ( theatrically disappointed ) he 's a little bitch . diego put he on the ground . pope draw close to diego . uo pore ped pope ° : why not win some heart and mind ? let. I take he back to he family . ( point ! to the dead body ) that three guy diedjin a shoot - out with police , but the kid surrender and we save he from '' the cross-fire . diego better to kill he . pope it 's good public relation to have a survivor . media will love it . dea will love it . diego look pain . ' the downside of american assistance : it come soak in condescension . diego you think [ care what they think ? pope nod , whatever , and with amazing speed , he sweep - kick duke 's leg , drop the kid to the concrete , then shove one foot on he back , pine he . and in the same potion , he pull a pistol . pope aim the pistol at duke 's back - and look at diego hard , fuse light . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 12 . maybe next time I flip you to the floor ? pope ( indicate with he pistol , suddenly quite strong ) { where should I shoot ] head or body ? diego ( amused by pope 's passion ) tf he mean that much to you , take he . Pope pull the kid up , walk away with he . CUT to : ext . rio barrio - later pope bandage duke 's face . duke . mat where be you take I ? ) ) , °) ps 1 1 | pope do not answer , look iaround the’ favela . see the resident 's anguish expression ; darken with hopelessness . a look he know all too well . he see it , that pain look , everywhere : — ' on | the face in Afghanistan , in traq , in Bosnia - on every deployment . lately , he see it in the mirror . for twenty year , he 's be parachute into hot -spot and pull triggers . hitting the poor and the disenfranchise . and for what ? who be better off ? be they ? be he ? twenty year . too damn long . pope shut the fuck up and get in the car . CUT to : ext . blueridge parkway NORTH CAROLINA - day it 's summer in the rural mountain . the sweet part of America . in this lush , bucolic contrast to the gritty ghetto , we find a late model ford ranger cruise along . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only legend : boonville , North Carolina six month later ext . holiday inn - boonville , NORTH CAROLINA whe Ford Ranger pull into the hotel parking lot and redfly late 30 - 40s / solid build , athletic walk / alert expression , brim with all american good - will / get out and head for the front desk . int . motel outer suite - afternoon redfly take a seat on a couch , join four guy sport crew -cut , jeans , t-shirt . nearby , a janitor be vacuume the thick carpet . everyone wait while he work . low - whine of the machine . no exit . when the janitor leave , one by one , the man give redfly a respectful nod , befit he status as a celebrity among this ex - special force crowd . redfly be a.star Operator , widely consider one of the most switch + ron commander delta ever produce . . : 4 i he 's the special paradox : ‘al free+ think killer . he know when to disobey . hucki Finn in fatigue . and also a‘genuinely nice guy . ' he grin winningly . redfly how 's it go guy ? grins all around . int . motel outer suite - later the room have thin out to only redfly and one other former special force soldier . redfly trust I , you do not want to do real estate . it 's manipulative retired soldier - beat welding a twenty-something in a conservative suit enter , nod to redfly . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 14 . int . motel room - moment later redfly sit across a desk in a small room , where he 's be interview by two young sutt . suit you know the door at the agency be always open for you , Tom . suit # 2 we love you for anything . redfly what do you have in mind ? ssurt Big thing happen in Afghanistan this spring . we be stand up some of the tribe . Afghanistan be where redfly lose he faith , where the bureaucracy finally break he heart . where he realize he could kill for a platgon 's but not for a spreadsheet . ( hard ) again ? ' '' i redfly suit be interesting for you to go back - a lot have change over the past few year . redfly do not buy that , but he let it go . suit # 2 you would do the same thing you do for the military : teach the savage how to shoot . we have also get plenty of hvt to hunt , if you still like that - sulit # 1 - take another whack at Osama ? redfly have anything analytical ? suit # 1 you be a field commander , Tom . the best - 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only suit # 2 15 . suit # 1 yeah —- we put you a office ( chuckle ) you will probably blow up the copy machine . redfly smile . play along . suit # 2 tt 's a six month contract . you would get you own ao , rank you up to E - ll. ( beat ) Colonel Johnson ? have to sound good . redfly I do not know , I be not twenty five anymore . six month sleep in a mud hut and dining on old goat do not sound as good as it do once upon a time , then you factor in the part about get kill . [ t 's a lot of downside for a hundred grand . tong uncomfortable silence . guit ! # 2 2 hundre ? , that be Bush price . we be offer six - k per month , 36 tobal . ( beat ) i it 's a new era , tom. Obama . the recession . off redfly be look . CUT to : ext . HOTEL parking lot - moment later redfly stand in the nearly empty parking lot . unsure . I [s this what 1t add up to ? redfly stare at the set sun for a moment , then get in he Ford Ranger and drive away . off the old truck rattling away cut to : int . all star mix martial art gym - night the violent clatter of a speed bag be pound by BEN 's expert hand , in one of that low - rent box dive still thriving in blue-collar America . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 16 . BEN , mid-late 30 , / rip to shred / expressive face / be a two - speed guy : full throttle or not at all . on the battlefield , under the right leadership , Ben be the grim reaper : first to shoot , last to leave . tiverything die , even the bug . on he own , Ben be a total mess . prone to depression and pill . self-doubt . artistic despair . the guy probably should have be a actor . BEN ( breathe hard ) T be good . ( beat ) right ? catfish do the combination - jab , jab , leave hook , cross . that 's catfish . coach BEN with the easy - go demeanor of a former pro-golfer . watch catfish , hand in pocket , relaxed shoulder , lopsided grin , you get the sense that this moment , like most moment , hit he as bein richly ironic , a cosmic joke to which he alone know 's th punch line . pore tat j not that he 's detach -- not by ! any mean . y id : catfish have just shot , too many man to take most anything else in life very . seriously - and that go double for himself . | BEN throw the combination . catfish ( cont 'd ) again . BEN do it again . catfish ( cont 'd ) again . BEN do it again . catfish ( cont 'd ) that 's good . ( to redfly , who be stand nearby ) look good , huh ? BEN hook the bag . redfly watch BEN move with concern . redfly yeah , look real good , real fast . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 17 . BEN I feel sharp . [ feel good . how be the interview ? redely a joke - catfish - what do they offer ? redfly ~ six k a month . catfish - six ? oh , that 's rude . six ? redfly hey , we be obsolete be all . serf on the farm . catfish fly a fuckin drine . redfly : , ! yeah . sorry about the collateral - look good from fifteen thousand foot . .) BEN | ( still hit the bag ) do he give you the capy machine line ? ' redfly nod . BEN ( cont 'd ) Jesus . well , [ I be get two thousand buck for the fight . redfly wince . how do you tell you friend that he reach exceed he grasp , that he 's grow too old for the ring ? when you friend be a manic-depressive who also happen to be a professional killer , you tell he very , very carefully . redfly the guy be - what - twenty ? you opponent ? BEN resent the implication . slow he punch . catfish keep go , you be not do . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only BEN ( resume ) I do not know - yeah he 's young - something lixe that . it 's two thousand buck for 3 round . there 's good money in MMA . redfly what if I loan you the two thousand - and you wait to fight someone else for you tirst time out of the box ? BEN this be not my first fight - redfly [ nn a ring - BEN - be not you broxe , Tom ? redfly it would be worth it - , yoy with that gen angrily smashes the bag wilth 'a big right cross , turn to redfly and lift up he shirt , show a rip 6 pac 4 : '' | BEN six percent - I be in better shape than I be when I be jtwenty . ( decide to lighten the mood ) | you know how much fuck chicken breast I eat ? catfish hand BEN a towel and he wipe he face . BEN ( cont 'd ) worst case , I will rip he ball off . redfly they do not give pro card to fighter who strixe the groin . BEN ( sarcastic ) they do not ? redfly no , they do not . BEN no shit . I be not worried . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only catfish that 's the spirit . the hour be late and the gy owner , who want to go home , call out from the back of the club : gym owner how long you gonna be ? something about he impatient tone bother redfly . redfly you want we to lock up ? gym owner ( back down ) yeah , that would be great . redfly ( to BEN ) alright commando , hit it . BEN smile . attack the bag with renew fury . co : CUT to : int . / ext . redfly's truck |- night ) redfly pull up ) hig 16ng gravel driveway to a old farmhouse . horse in the , side pasture seem uneasy . a man be lie on he porch . Dead . or asleep . redfly reach into he glove box , remove a Glock , shut off the car , open the door , and stalk 'up to he house . ext . porch - continuous redfly climb the stair . see that lie down , he head propped on a back - pack , 1s pope . his eye be close . pope you need a new muffler . redfly walk past he , without a comment . go inside . int . redfly's house kitchen - continuous redfly open the fridge , hand out beer . they clink and drink in silence , grin , glad to see each other . a lot of water under the bridge between this two old friend . a lot of blood , too . redfly cheer , amigo . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 20 . pope cheer . redfly damn good to see you - you look good . pope you too , my brother . how 's Molly , Kathryn , tess ? redfly ah , just wonderful . pope vhat 's great . beat . beat . redfly seriously . pope rod what ? ype i fl redfly i ' not in any trouble I need to know about ? i youd : pope ' no - | i redfly do not shoot anybody ? pope not lately . ext . redfly's house back porch ~ night still drink in the quiet evening . through the porch window , inside the house , we can see redfly 's wife , molly , and daughter , tess , talk at the kitchen table . redfly so what 's up , brother [ get to the point ] . Long beat . pope look out into the quiet North Carolina evening . it 's now or never . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 21 . pope reach into he pocket for a photograph of a mansion , which he pass to redfly . pope keep a open mind , okay ? what if I tell you that house belong to a drug dealer call lorea - redfly okay . pope . and there 's ninety million dollar - cash - inside the house - redfly Roger pope - that we be go to steal . ccut to : int . redfly's kitchen - later a giant pile of photograph , map , blue-print , diagram , chart laid out on the kitchen table .! pope have do he homework . he pass reofly , another photograph . i i to pope this be the East side jsurveillance camera — redfly glance at it ... can not believe what he 's hearing and see . redfly run I through it again . pope which part ? duncing the guard ? take the money ? Flying out ? be disgustingly rich ? redfly the part about it be illegal and stupid . pope it 's not stupid but you be right , technically , it be a crime ( beat ) but so what ? this country be found on crime . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 22 . redfly stare at he friend , secretly intrigue , outwardly appal . pope ( cont 'd ) everything great , historically , have be found on crime . look at the rockerfeller 's fortune - robber baron . the Kennedy 's - rum runner . Microsoft ~ a monopoly , restraint of trade , justice say so . junk bond ? kbr ? Enron ? come on , man , that who can take - take - and make history - and the rest of we watch . ( beat ) you call that crime . the settler call it progress . Bill Gates call it business . redfly do they drug test you down there ? pope shrug . pope you want I to piss in a cup ? | redfly get up , head to the kitchen counter for some grub . find a loaf of bread . ( tt will have to do . redfly rem go to do you d4 ' favor and forget we ever have this conversation . a long beat as he munch . pope good ? redfly toss he a chunk of the loaf . pope ( cont 'd ) because you would not like to be rich ~ or you be just too goody - goody . redfly hey - 1 do not do - I have never do anything illegal in my life . pope that 's not true . you kill the sovereign leader of a foreign country . a dictator , but still , you kill he . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only redply ~ there be a executive order ! pope - what about that Russian ? or udi Hussein ? most of the live fire you have do have be against geneva , technically . redfly turn to go ~ redfly good night , buddy . you get the couch = towel and all the usual thing be in the usual place . cur to : int . redfly's house - morning molly and redfly and they daughter , tess , eat breakfast . trss be bury in a ipod game . redfly tell she to eat . 1 I ( shouting back to : I live room} rey ! ' rot '' molly it 's okay , I do not want to get in a fight - ( to tess ) : tess honey , eat you breakfast . tess do not look up . molly ( cont 'd ) unless I start break dish , I be limited here - redfly - battery run out eventually . pope stumble in and plop down at the table - just as redfly 's older daughter , teenage kathryn , blast through the kitchen , less a girl than a human whirlwind . she 's get a soccer ball under she arm . she grab a waffle and keep move . molly ( to pope ) good morning . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only pope good morning , Molly . kathryn ( to all , as she whirl out ) do not forget to pick I up after practice ! molly say hello to Pope . kathryn hi Pope ( to she mom ) please do not make I wait . 1 hate that . molly ( to Kathryn ) T be not you personal driver , sweetie . T will get there when £ get there . a old debate . redfly do not care for ie ) kathryn dash out . i lot id t | ' redfly i tess , say , hello to Pope . ' } tess do not look up from she ipod . gen-lost . as they all eat a typical ! american preakrasye molly ' ( to pope ) so what be you do with yourself this day ? ( meaning redfly ) he hate retirement . pope ( pretend to be self - impressed ) I be the special advisor to a drug crime task force . redfly - he have a contract down there in the Americas - molly seem like it 's worse than the war down there . ( to redfly ) what about the presidential Guard in New guinea , that sound decent ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 25 . redfly not if you have be to New guinea , dear . Pope say I can get involved in some assessment work . [ t 's just a week . pope - but it will be very lucrative . ' they have be down this road before . Molly go way back with the boy , back to when they think she believe they lie . she smile . molly how lucrative can it be for a week ? pope raise he cup to she . pope thank you ! molly ( to tess ) ley tess , sweetie , we gotta go . pag | molly prepare to take not ess to schooll , ! reve ( be the dish ) t'1ll clean up . cur to : int . redfly's kitchen - later redfly wash dish in the sink . redfly why do not you start a little smaller - knock off a gas station . pope I be serious and I be down the road - already put eighty grand on this from the second mortgage . redfly brother you be not down shit - and you can not equate shoot someone for the Army , with this - pope he sell drug to little kid , he 's a sociopath . he deserve to go . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 26 . redfly when do you become so cynical ? pope maybe I have evolve . ( beat ) look , I just need you to look and evaluate what I have set up . you do not have to do nothing illegal . tell I le I be crazy or not . redfly finish the dish , wipe he hand . redfly go the door , get he jacket . redfly I can answer that right now . ( make to leave ) you still want to see tronhead ? pope yeah . redfly pick you up here at twenty two . : hundred . ty | i redfly put on he jacket . | | | redfly ( cont 'd ) and put on a shirt in my house , you look 's like a ass . | redfly walk out of the house . ext . redfly's house front yard - continuous pope , still in t-shirt and barefoot , follow redfly down the driveway , step gingerly on the gravel . pope - I will give you ten million just to come down and look and advise . redfly open he truck 's door - hesitates redfly when you hit this house - this dealer be not go to try and get he money back ? pope I expect he will ery . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 27 . redfly and you have the capability to stop he ? pope ( roll he eye ) do not I ? ( earnestly ) come down and see my setup . redfly look at he old friend . certain obligation run deep . beeper , perhaps , than a civilian can imagine . redfly get in the truck ~ start the engine . pope lean into the window - pope ( cont 'd ) I have figure it out . you be just double - check my math . if a few of he guard get dunce , ethically , I be okay with that . T have dunce guy for a lot less - for wear the wrong uniform . redfly slowly pull away . pope walk after he - head still in window ye ypor a 4 } i pope | ( cont 'd ) or not . you keep sell condo and I will crun and gun until my knee blow out . [ say we deserve better . we earn better - in Panama , in Iraq , and all the other shiti we do not talk about . you have be shot four time - redfly - five . pope you have be shot five time for you country and you can not even afford a new truck - that 's the real crime . redfly start roll up the window as he pull away redfly do not diss my truck [ motherfucker ] . leave pope alone to watch the dust rise from he tire — CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 28 . ext . NORTH CAROLINA suburb suburban house - later that day redfly attempt to sell a yuppie couple on a new condo . he 14 not a bear salesman . redfly the foundation be stone , which be yood . the backside be fence . Front window here give you sight line onto the street , in both direction . buyer ( be : the window ) it 's not very private . redfly yeah , obviously , you would draw the curtain for privacy . CUT to : ext . veteran community CENTER fort bragg NORTH CAROLINA — afternoon redfly and pope , along with a few young wounoeb veteran on crutch , wheelchair , prosthetit¢ linb , i enter 's the building . legend : Fort bra gg nprth carc Carolina ironhead prelap : you be ask , ' who the fuck be he ?' i be the guy in civilian clothes with the oga . the guy you could not talk to - okay ? int . veteran community CENTER hallway - continuous redfly and pope join a line to enter the auditorium . int . veteran community CENTER auditorium - continuous redfly and pope stand in the back . onstage , itronhead / mid-late 5as / broad-shouldered / eye life - weary , haunt / prowl the stage . ironhead : and I have be around . when you be learn how to pee stand up , I be throw yuy out of window in Iran . they say war knock the bullshit out of you . it certainly knock it out of ironhead . he 's fifty - plus now . look at sixty , and beyond . wiser for the journey . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 29 . know he 's get more behind he than ahead , the old samurai have hang up he sword , get a divorce , and take up a practice of Zen meditation . but make no mistake . yes , he soul may be recover from he youth . sure , he may be creaky in the joint . but this bruiser be still capable of deliver ocean of bad news . tronhead I do not know how many of you have ever low - crawle 500 yard while leak spinal fluid ? ( beat ) once I be run no gun and I get jump on the street by three tamal Tigers . ( beat ) my knife get stick on the first guy . his gut muscle contract and I could not get the blade out of he stomach - meanwhile he buddy be beat on I and shanking I . I kind of fall in the direction of this garbage can . so I grab that . figure , it 's metal . beat \'em to death with the lid . } ' lronhead let 's . tt sink in . : ! ' ironhead ( cont 'd ) some of you may think you be tough young guy ... but I know I ama tough old sob . any man want to test that statement , let 's go outside xight now . he 's get they attention . tronhead ( cont 'd ) but I be not too tough to have ptsd . listen to I carefully now : the etfect of commit violence on other human being be biological and physiological and they do not discriminate . this have be call shell shock . I call it the price of be a warrior . it 's what we be here to talk about today . ( beat ) so , I be look for war storey , blood and gut . I have just tell you one of mine . now I want yours . the only way out be through . who 's first ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 30 . int . veteran community CENTER - later the lecture be over . the group have be divide up . redfly and pope be now seat in the back of a different room , wait tor ironhead to finish talk to what be now a half - dozen man seat on fold chair in a self - help circle . luis last night , three in the morning , I be lie in the bath tub try to suck start a load Glock . tronhead T '' not go to try and talk you out of it . luis thanks , I guess . tronhead - but [ will ask you for one thing - do not do it tonight . you be not go to kill yourself tonight . luis pb alright . not tonight . i bao : ' tronhead | ( mation to the group i , to stand up ) tell he so he hear it . '' the group , as one voice : group not tonight . not tonight . tronhead look to the back , see redfly and pope , nod , and then pick a guy in the front row who have he hand raise . CUT to : int . bar - later redfly , pope and tronhead in the back of a quiet bar . pope ( implore ) I need this . ironhead look at he sternly . tronhead you want it . not need . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 31 . tronhead ( cont 'd ) ( poke he chest ) be clear on the difference but pope have little patience for it - pope okay , yeah . but I can not keep shoot people for the rest of my life . you of all people should understand that . redfly ( be : tronhead ) hey - ease up - he 's entitle to pass . pope glare at redfly . pope no - actually ~ he 's not . he 's fuck not entitle to pass . ( heat to redfly ) be you there when I be pack he gut back into he , body ? 's | at that sting . tronhead ignore it , ; turn to redfly : | tronhead be you do this , Tom ? I be surprised - a i redfly — I have be try to talk he out of it - pope ( very sternly to ironhead ) in the helo , you say - " you save my life , brother . if you ever need anything . " tronhead you be say this be for that ? tronhead put up he hand in a gesture of surrender . Long beat . pope I want you with I . ironhead look at pope , sadly . as a father look at a son . unable to reach he . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 32 . pope ( cont 'd ) ( look at redfly and ironhead ) look , if £ think I could trade stock , I would do that . but my expertise be violence - speed-surprise [ the delta motto ] . L have a phd in that shit , so do you guy . the question be : do we ever get to use we skill for own benefit ? CUT to : int . mix martial art exhibition ring - night a loud , raucous , crowd . fight night in small town America : big guy drink beer , root for blood . yesterday 's blond along for the ride . int . mix martial art ring locker room - ironhead be wrapping BEN 's hand redfly tub jhis shoulder . pope watch , amused . | '' id : de '' have where 's , catfish ? ' redfly ' 1 work . '' BEN ~ but I be fight the champ ! redfly he will come when he can , BEN can not celebrate without the Fish ! CUT to : int . mix martial art exhibition ring cage : a amateur fight , sloppy and nasty . CUT to : ext . suburban STREET - night catfish be slump over the wheel of he car , look through a scope at a house window . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 33 . int . catfish be car - continuous catfish on the cell redfly o.s. you be miss the fight . catfish ( into cell ) I be wait on this adulterous couple . CUT to : int . mix martial art concession stand redfly ( into cell ) Ben be pretty spun up - you not be here . CUT to : int . catfish car . catfish recda ( into cell ) I get to work . | | i i scope Pov : man ! and woman sit on a couch , they back to we , watchiag be . ' catfish slump in the car , annoyed . time tick by . friendship be not a part- time thing . catfish pull a baseball cap low over he face . get out of the car . ext . adulterer' house - continuous he go up to the house ard knock on the front door . man hello ? catfish sorry to intrude on you evening , Sir , but I need a favor from you . man what do you want ? catfish push the guy back and show he the Glock that 's appear , as if by magic , in he hand . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 34 . catfish L be go to come inside for a second - may £ enter the residence ? man hey - get out of here ! catfish step back in there - int . adulterer' house —- continuous the woman rise from the couch . catfish ( speak to both of they ) ' take off you clothes and kiss . man what ? no ~ [ be call the police ! so. not. happen . yyy catfish i ( commanding ) , , ' | , T need you to , take off you clothes and kiss - come on ! , - 4d shake , the man and woman slowly fiddle with they button catfish ( cont 'd ) oh come on , you be go to do it anyway - . they kiss - and catfish photograph they do it . catfish ( cont 'd ) there you go - not hard . thank you . you can put you clothes back on . ( he start walk out of the house ) I be sorry for this but Jesus , do not anyone ever tell you that adultery be wrong ? just get the damn divorce . ext . exhibition CENTER entrance - later redfly meet catfish at the entrance of the arena . give he he ticket . ' they walk inside and turn into the corridor connect the arena to the concession stand - 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 35 . redfly Pope 's deal be happen . they keep walk down the dim hallway , towards the ring redfly ( cont 'd ) would you go for the week - you can have my moola ? catfish bro , I be not take you money . redfly it 's just - I would feel better if I have you with I . ' they keep walk towards the Light . after the Panama rescue , the special force Museum install a statue of catfish . first time they that do for a live operator . he take he wife one weekend . show she the bronze . told she what it be for . her word : get out now , cat . you will never top that . '' she be right . when redfly walk ; ‘he follow he pal , he Captain , out the door . he be thirty ! six. catfish rogey that . | : redfly | : not sure why I be go myself to tell you the truth . guess it 's just Pope . ( beat ) and he 's roped in fronhead - they walk out of the dimly light tunnel , and enter the booming arena . bright light , loud crowd . catpish you do not have to explain anything to I . you want I there - I be there . CUT to : int . mix martial art exhibition arena - moment later BEN and he opponent engage . trading big sloppy punch - BEN connect with a right - opponent sneak in a jab - 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 36 . both guy draw blood . evenly match . it will be a bruise contest . they engage again in a flurry of fist hard CUT to : ext . triple frontier parana river friendship bridge - day third - World traveler move en masse . people all around we . pope o.s. [ t 's a open border . lawless . we be stick in the middle of the crowded jumble of foot — traffic , car , motorcycle , truck and donkey on what be the daily mayhem of the friendship Bridge : the signature element of the triple Frontier , connect paraguay to Brazil . a dinky road sign : paraguay - brazil ~argentina . we drift now beneath this bridge . the churn brown parana river . Argentina be just a short swim away . pope o.s. ( cont 'd ) , ' the viver be too large to : patrol . so it 's a smuggler 's paradise .! Cocaine make in golumbia ; and Peru move through here for transit to the US and Europe . ( beat ) everybody 's down here '- Hezbollah . Russian mob . columbian , mexican . int . / ext . toyota pickup truck - continuous among the hustle and bustle be a ratty old red toyota pick - up fpruck , carry five peasant . look under they wide - brinm hat ... it 's pope , redfly , catfish , tronhead , and BEN . BEN sport a few bandage from the fight . pope drug dealer settle this area , build it right out of the jungle to have a base . now it 's kmart for criminal . redfly the country do not cooperate ? pope that 's the beauty part . he 's a drug dealer - he 's not call police - he 's not call Scotland yard . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 37 . pope ( cont 'd ) but even if he do , by the time the brazilian get suite up we be in paraguay . and by the time the paraguayan get a clue , we be on a helo in Argentina . ext . friendship bridge - continuous Far ahead of the line of vehicle in front of we toyota , a custom' agent half - heartedly glance over vehicle . pope 0.s. cartel have be play the country off each other for year . keep the central government weak . it 's a 300 billion dollar business . int . / ext . toyota - continuous the custom agent approach . pope ( break into Spanish ) rod it tell she honey , who be : you uso | to believe I or you sister ?! | '' i the agent pass by . | '' . , i 1 ' CUT to : ext . ciuda del este , paraguay - pay establish : a bustling metropolis . sprawl open-air market , brim with goods , not all of they legal . for sale : computer , watch , land -mine . legend : ciuda del este , paraquay in a traffic jam , find the toyota pick - up . int / ext toyota - later wait at a light . everyone sweat . suddenly hear loud siren . a mad scramble as car make u- turn to evade the yellow lamborghini that come blast around the corner , follow closely by a police car in full pursuit . the passenger in the lambo sprays a AK - 47 at the police . bullet zip and ping everywhere . after the chase zoom past , traffic return to normal , as if nothing happen . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 38 . pope ( to the other ) be not this place awesome ? ext . ciuda del este backpacker youth hostel - late afternoon BEN and catfish disembark . pope toss they each a back - pack . pope get a vehicle and meet at the link - up at 0800 . CUT to : ext . squatter' camp - dusk a dusty warren of temporary shelter . barefoot kid . ' the poorest of the poor . int . ext truck - continuous the truck pull up to the squatter 's camp . , redfly and tronhead disembark . pope toss ; they each |a bag redfly look around the squalid camp . : , 1 | redfly where you stay ? off pope 's smile . CUT to : int . / ext . ciuda del este HOTEL — evening pope pull up to a modern business HOTEL . go inside the shiny glass door . cuT to : ext . ciuda del este mountain road —- dawn arrive in five separate car , the team converge on a mountain road . they park . ' they proceed up the wood mountain . CUT to : ext . mountain across from lorea' mansion - later that morning look through high - power optic , the team scope lorea be manslon ~~ from a 3 - mile distant vantage point on top of a mountain . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 39 . scope Pov : a fortress ... we scan the mansion 's military - grade defense , note : - a long driveway fortify with concrete jersey barrier , end with a massive steel gate . - two machine gun tower behind the gate ~ two guard patrol the perimeter of the house high fence all around ~ surveillance cameras . pope o.s. et 's not as bad as it look . scope Pov : the guard / shirtless / heavily tattooe , ms - 13 gunslinger / carry : nachine gun , strolling the outside of the house . pope Guards run perimeter inspection in two - man team , every twenty minute . if everything be cool , they cd1l a all - clear back to a control raom on the first floor . | po t scope Pov : machine ' gun tower . : pope ( cont 'd ) ' rhe machine gun towerg be level iv glass . ' hat driveway be the only high - speed avenue of approach . scope Pov : the mile -long driveway lead up the gate . pope ( cont 'd ) Visitors use the call box at the end of the driveway - and get pick up by a shuttle van . he 's worried about car bomb . so no stranger go up the driveway . just the shuttle van . scope Pov : machine gun tower pope o.s. my guess be if you drive up without announce yourself at the call box you get shred by the fifty cal before you get to say ' hello . ' redfly 0o.s. Fair guess . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 40 . scope Pov : the house - through window see shadowy figure . pope o.s. one guard in the control room . nine daytime guard total . ( beat ) every two hour , the guy inside switch . Glass on the house window be level it . scope Pov : beside the house , a glisten pool , and a bikini ~ clad blonde / late teens - early twenty / smoking hot / magazine grade / sun-tann on a recliner . pope 0.s. ( cont 'd ) by the way , the girl by the pool be my source . redfly o.s. naturally . scope Pov : the house - NORTH wing pope : { the cash be just sit in a office in the North wing . . '' carrisa what 's he gotl against safe ? pope the house be a safe . a very large safe . he 's keep he money here ever since 9/11 when the offshore bank underwent federal monitoring . scope Pov : the backside of the house - a giant grassy field , giving way to dense jungle pope o.s. operationally , the backside be out . there 's a volumetric field link to that camera . twenty pound or more triggers it . scope Pov : the road scope Pov : at the end of the long driveway , a lue van pull up , stop . four latino woman dress in may outfit disembark . pope lorea be a nut for exotic bird . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 41 . pope ( cont 'd ) ne let they roam free and they shit all over the marble , everywhere . every morning at eight , the maid come to clean up the parrot poop . scope Pov : the steel gate open - shuttle van go down and pick up the maid . ~- and drive inside the house . ext . lorea mountain overlooking the road - continuous pope basically - a car jack . breacher hide in a hole in the road and climb under the may 's van like a trojan horse . two minute . Van go through the gate . he roll out , dunce the gate guy - while a sniper on the ridge kill the two tower gunner . redfly 's eye narrow as he hear the mention of kill . i | i pope ( cont 'd ) | yy breacher drop charge -) sniper take out , the , two perimeter guard . ' two minute , + thirty . ( beat ) the rest of we in a gun truck with a fifty cal - say two minute fifty . catfish fast gun truck . pope I have time a super - charge v8 with big brake do that slalom in twenty second . you want to call it two fifty five ? Fine . ( beat ) say another two minute to clear the house - ten to pack - and we be out before you hit fifteen . boom ! catfish put aside the ethic and insanity of this , how do you know the money be even in there ? pope pass around photograph . pope ' Cause it be . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only ce . > hoto : stack of cash in a off ext . lorea mountain outskirt - moment later 42 . the man be walk down the hill , back to they car . redfly and catfish bring up the rear . redfly ( to caifish ) think it can work ? catfish do not see why not , if the intel be good , CUT to : ext . ciuda del este remote build site - late afternoon power see rip a long board . spark from the blade . sawdust in the grass . in a clear deep in the wood , a half dozen guarani tribesman ( Native paraguayan ) be construct the skeletal frame of a large house . pope be building a exact replica of lorea |s ' house . henceforth , replica hous ses . ‘he team walk . around , admire the build . pope ( be the Indians ) bo not worry about they . they do not speak English — do not ' even know what century it be . redfly get right to the point : redfly I be not crazy about the kill . as they walx : pope it 's ninety million dollar . ( point to the entrance ) here 's the entrance - three hundred yard from the fence . redfly if it be I , I would look at a soft hit . they keep walk , turn to the other side of the 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only [ note : house . 43 . pope it be you . ( point ) here 's you machine gun tower . redfly sneak in the backside at night , and take what you can carry out . pope that 's a terrible idea ! redfly ( ignore he , turn to catfish ) what would that be ? catfish carry a hundred pound each ? ( ask pope ) this money be in hundred ? pope mostly , hundred ~ but why ? | ° , '' 4 ' catfish | pop be ( to redfly ) : ; '' ' twenty pound ! in ihundred be about a million buck . oo each man could carry five million dollar . pope '' you want to leave sixty million behind ? for what , charity ? he will just use that money to hire a army oft ms - 13 to track we . you want a thousand gang - banger hunt you ? they like to chop head . redfly burn what you do not take . pope - oh no , that 's worse . that 's criminal . redfly have have enough for one day . redfly actually , mickey mouse , it 's academic . this whole thing ( motion to the house ) be academic - you intel be old . picture be from week ago . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 44 . in redfly 's criticism , pope see a chance to invest he in the plan : pope good point . let 's refresh the intel . do it right , like any other op . redfly it 's not - pope New picture , like you say . [ t 's a good idea , Tom . ' thank you . redfly grin . fun to see pope try so hard . cuT to : ext . mountain across from lorea' mansion — dawn redfly and lronhead be hunkere down on the mountain opposite lorea 's house . ' they be much closer to the house than they be previously . redfly look through a scope . ironhead hold cell phone . vi p yoy scope Pov : from this new , ' closer vantage point , we can see the opulence of the mansion . it look expensive . ferrari and other exotic car ; park in the marble - tile driveway . scope Pov : ' two guard , dress in t-shirt and short , carry sub : nachine gun , walk laround the western face of the house . redfly another patrol , around the pool - ironhead ( into cell phone ) same as before . two shooter with small arm , no body armor . rotating at ten minute interval - scope Pov : the guard stop . one lift a nand -held radio . redfly they report in a " all clear " for each quadrant . tronhead stop a stopwatch . it read : 55 second . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 45 . in a note~pad on which he 's chart the guard 's progress at location around the house , [ ronhead write next to watch tower - 55 second . quick CUT ' to : ext . replica house - continuous BEN and catfish and duke be at the replica house . BEN ( over cell phone ) Roger that . catfish feel like run around ? BEN sure . the guarani tribesman lounge nearby . accustom to the odd behavior of they employer . CUT to : ext . replica house - continuous '' } in break Spanish , , catfish direct two of the native worker to stand by the ) western :> face of the replica house . BEN grab a shovel and jog away from the house , into the torest . catfish ( to BEN ) ready ? go! the native worker patrol the replica , mimick exactly the pace of the guard around the real mansion . BEN ( raise he shovel like its a rifle and shouting ) pow - pow ! the native worker stop as if they have be shot . BEN sprint to the house . he run up to the guard - go " pow pow " to insure they be dead and keep run towards the location of the guard tower . he drop to a knee , raise the shovel to aim the guard tower - " pow pow . '' cu stopwatch : 1:05 ( minute five second ) . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 46 . catfish a fit man should be able to run three hundred yard in under a minute . BEN yeah but he would be out of breath - chest heave screwing up he aim . my chest be still . catfish do it again . off BEN 's look of exasperation and catfish 's pleasure in he trustration - CUT to : ext . mountain across from lorea' mansion ~ afternoon redfly and ironhead continue they surveillance . driveway : a black mercede drive up to a call BOX . it stop . beat . then it proceed up the driveway to the gate ext . lorea house front gate - continuous : a ' hit ‘oan | on aus through a stde door in the ' gate , a ) guard exit . he 's carry a bomb mirror . he sweep the underside of the car . of redfly o.s. this could kill we - scope Pov : the guard punch a key code on the gate . it open . the mercede glide through . redfly that 's worse - he 's use the keypad . ( get irritate ) Pope do not know about this ? ironhead we be here to fill in blank . let it go . redfly sometimes you make zero sense . tronhead I be say , maybe Pope screw up . who care ? patience be a virtue . redfly that 's it ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only ironhead that 's it . it 's a lot . redfly shake he head . not in the mood for a lesson . he return he attention to the scope . scope Pov : everything the same as before , guard , house , security camera . redfly o.s. oh- eight fifteen . two guard outside . tronhead o.s. Roger . get ‘em . ccut to : ext . paraguay private airstrip / heliport - afternoon sign on the front office : AIR SERVICES UNITED . ' through the front door come one of the salesmen , go to lunch . pope watch he from across the street . . curt to : '' '' ext . replica house - late afternoon tos . hott i hod BEN and catfish be now practice ; inside the replica house . - they run|ten foot down a hallway , and say '' ten step past the kitchen . they spin right and push through a door , and say " cight at the first door " . they run down a hallway . then turn leave and say " Left turn . " turn leave again down another hallway " leave again . " stop at last in a room fill with a dozen stack of newspaper , each about five foot tall . a enormous quantity of paper . BEN some office . catfish look at he stop-watch , say ' let 's see ' . they take off they backpack and remove dozen of large , waterproof , diver duffel bag , so-called DUI bag . then they start a stopwatch and begin transfer the newspaper into they black bag . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( as he pack ) we need more bag . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 48 . catfish do not get stick on ninety million . it could be a lot less . f&ven this be eighteen hundred pound of paper . BEN it be not paper . it 's money . they be move fast but barely make a dent in the pile . CUT to : ext . mountain across from lorea mansion - later redfly and [ ronhead still watch the house . scope Pov : Front door open and a well dressed man we see earlier in the day drive the black mercede walk out , head to he car . lorea 's chief of security , a australian mercenary name baz , step out of the front door . the guy be build like a rugby player , but he move slowly , like a old lady . 4 baz raise a pistol at the retreate back 'of the well dressed man as he approach he mercede . then 's baz lower the pistol . ' i . 1 the man reach ! hide car . then baz shoot he in the back . j : ' '' ' ironhead 'o.s. look at this character . he wait for the guy to get close to he car . two ms-13 body cuard come out of the house , carry machete and proceed to hack at the well dressed man , cut off he head . they put the body in the mercede trunk - and give the head to baz ~ who take it back inside . redfly easier that way to get the body in the trunk . ( beat ) gee , if this be how he treat he business partner , imagine what he do to people who rob he . cut to : int / ext . ciuda del este STREET office - dusk a stream of arabic man enter the office building . ironhead follow they inside . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 49 . ‘he man be filing into a small mosque , head to evening prayer . tronhead follow . he 's stop at the entrance . tronhead ( in perfect Arabic ) peace be with you . Allah know we all . the guard let he in . tnside the small mosque , lronhead stand in the corner . he make eye-contact with a businessman in the back , who be unfurl he carpet for afternoon prayer . the business man smile at tronhead and shuffles over to he . they embrace . CUT to : ext . ciudad del este paraguay high school - dusk ' the salesmen from the helicopter store pick up he daughter from she after-school program . from inside a car park across the street , pope take a picture of they . ' 4 lo i CUT to : ext . replica house - night ) the team have assemijle . | redfly run a briefing . : redfly ] one , sometimes the gate guard use the key pad . if he do that when we be under the vehicle there 's a chance he see we . ( beat ) two , I do not believe there be a fix to that that do not involve mass casualty . ( beat ) Three , even if you decide you be okay with the kill , the death generate a evac problem . have commit eight or ten homicide , the entire country would be after you . ( beat ) so unless you want to look at a soft hit , I think we be do here . who 's first ? redfly 's analysis sink in to the group . this may have start as Pope 's idea and initiative . now , however , there be no question that redfly be in charge - and commanding in he socratic style . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only pope I will vote for the soft hit . it realize we can winch the money to the river and float it down . so we do not have to carry it . ( beat ) but nighttime , there be twenty four , or thirty guard . redfly can this guy see in the dark ? pope I do not think so . redfly ~ make sure . ( back to business ) look at the soft hit . you have the volumetric field on the Black side . anything over twenty pound touch that grass , the alarm go off . sense cable be bury - probably ten foot —- so we be not , digging . '' i : pope dude , you steal a nuclear missile - can not you figure that out ? redfly grin at he friend . he 's do not take the bait . maybe he could figure it out . maybe he do not want to . ' into this pregnant and decisive 's moment , Ben , sense that the mission could be scratch , begin talk : BEN I could do it ! catfish ( turn to Ben ) you ever do anything like that before - with a volumetric ? BEN ( smile ) nope . catfish laugh . catfish oh boy . you be go to pucker . ( through he laughter , to redfly ) he want to do it . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 51 . catfish ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) I say let he try . CUT to : int . ciudad del este nightclub - late night the smuggler 's hangout . forget the South bronx . you could not find a tougher , more hard - edge underground club anywhere in the world . crowd with fast -money typr - flash sparkling bling - gun in waistband - dance hard with trashy girl - cocaine on the table . only two white guy in the joint , pope and redfly . ina table in the back , wait . redfly be bored . pope check he watch . cu watch : dam . pope ( apologetically ) latino Standard time . int . ciudad del este bar - later poy the place be still booming . | cu Pope 's watch : 6 be not pope let 's go . ext . ciudad del este STREET - continuous pope and redfly walk down a dimly Light , spooky street , pass a group of neighbor tough who shout menacingly '' what 's up ? " redfly spin on they . redfly ( in English ) I be bored . this place be boring . the neighborhood punk be not sure how to take this . pope grab redfly and pull he away , towards he car . pope ( in Spanish ) have a good night . int . pope' car - continuous they get into pope 's car , just as pope 's cell phone ring . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 52 . pope ( into phone ) yes - yes - ok. ( to redfly ) Change of plan . ext . ciudad del este traffic jam — dawn driving through a busy street in a upscale section of town . int / ext . ciudad del este bar - later in the back of a up - scale club , pope and redfly find the young girl from lorea 's house , yovanna . as the morning light hit she face , she 's pound vodka shot and snort coke with a group of teenage friend . think Lady gaga by way of the street of paraguay . she check out redfly with a obvious stare . her type . yovanna how be the club ? ( beat ) find any slut that like amerijcah cop ? 1 1 the group with she laugh . ' be ) 1 '' pope bore without you . ' yovanna | I be sure ~— ( downs a shot ) Nice of you to say though . want one ? redfly be not amused . off he look : int . ciudad del este bar back room - moment later yovanna , pope and redfly sit in a private booth . pope we need you to take some more picture of the office yovanna , waste , roll she eye . yovanna I be still freaking from the first time . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 53 . pope this be important , if you still want the passport and visa we talk about . ( beat ) do you still want they ? yovanna T want . to watch you fuck you friend - pope leap up and grab yovanna roughly . pope he 's my supervisor ! he drag she off to a private corner . ' they bicker , almost out of ear-shot , while redfly nurse he drink and watch they . Planning . calculate . his face : pure poker player . they return . yovanna ( to redfly ) can he really get I a visa anda million dollar ? : ' 1 redfly . | ( without hesitation ) ves , he cam . | | a '' ' CUT to : ext . replica house - next morning BEN and pope dump armload of branch , grass , leave and bark on a work table . pope put a clump of grass on BEN 's head . stands back to look . pope it look good . Green suit you . CUT to : ext . ciudad del este outskirt village - morning catfish lean against a hut in a small rural village . across the way , a man wear black round glass leave he modest dwelling . catfish watch he go . then he cross the street and knock on the front door of the same dwelling . CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only ext . lorea house front gate — afternoon yovanna be let through the front gate in she porsche turbo . int . lorea house - live room ~ moment later yovanna enter the live room fix herself a drink at the bar . a ms-13 guard enter , nod at she . yovanna he still asleep ? the guard do not answer . she sit on the couch , next to which be a large exotic bird aviary that span the length of the room . as she sit down , a pair of brilliantly hued amazon parrot and scarlet macaw flutter inside the cage . yovanna ( cont 'd ) hello beautiful . parrot hello beautiful . '' | a amazon parrot flutter to the front of the ’cage . she open the cage door and it jump iatol she hand ~ ~ on the other side of the room , sunlight stream through a wall of window ! that overlook the grassy prairie behind the house , where — ext . lorea mansion outskirt - continuous the wind blow and bend the long grass into rippling wave of green . for a moment , one particular patch of green seem to be undulate out of sync with the rest of the field , as if it be roll towards the house , rather than laterally ... the moment pass and the patch grow still . perhaps it be a optical illusion , or some animal in the brush . ext . mansion outskirt ~ moment later noting the high -security fence system : concertina wire ~ wireless camera mount on pole . on the other side of the fence lie that swath of grassland . we drift closer and closer to one particular undulate patch of green , and push through the blade to find ... a blink human eye . CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 55 . cu : fence camera one of the security cam auto-pivot , scan the grass . CUT to : int . lorea mansion security control room - continuous a high -tech security array of flat - screen and water - cool cpu 's be manned by a older man with black glass ( we recognize he from catfish 's surveillance ; it 's the same man ) . and a local paisa , gacha . they watch the grassy field on they monitor , notice nothing . CUT to : ext . lorea mansion outskirt - moment later the clump of green edge toward the fence , come to within ten foot of the mesh . ~ push through the grass again to find BEN cloak in a sniper 's stealthy garb - a burlap and grass and branch cover know as a ghilly suit that completely envelope BEN . he 's wear , literally , chunks , of the meadow . he blend in perfectly . BEN hold what . appear to be a large rock . 1 i ' ' BEN ( whisper into headset ) two -two . I be ready . we leave BEN , completely camouflage in the grass , drift up and away to : cuT to : ext . lorea mountain rock outcropping ~ continuous High up , on a sharp ledge ... where it seem only bird could land ... find pope , who be cover in rock gray camouflage , lie in a sniper fire -position , scan the compound through a large scope . a sniper rifle and camera next to he . pope ( over headset ) Roger that . go ahead two -two . ext , lorea mansion outskirt - continuous the security camera pivot , turn away from BEN . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 56 . lle crawl towards the fence . once again , look like nothing more than a patch of undulate ground . cuT to : int . lorea mansion security control room - continuous alarm light flash on ! the volumetric field have be preach ! the guard maneuver they joy stick , bring the grassy area into view on they monitor : guard one ( into a radio ) check out sector seven . the guard with the black glass look at the screen . see nothing but grass . ext . lorea mansion outskirt BEN be glue to the ground . from the other side of the security \fence dome two armed men riding dirt motorcycle . '' ext . lorea mountain -| continuous fl booby i pope ( aim with the rifle , speak into radio ) ' two on bike ~ I get ‘em . ext . lorea mansion outskirt -— continuous BEN be freeze , listen to the bike engine . he do not dare move he head to look at they . he do not dare breathe . the dirt biker drive up to within 20 foot of he , dismount , and begin search the ground ... they move in he direction ... draw perilously close . int . lorea mansion live room - continuous yovanna be still petting the parrot . after glance around to make sure nobody be watch she , yovanna pull she cell phone from she purse . ecu cellphone : record then she fling the parroy into the air . it fly around the room , confuse . yovanna wave she hand at the bird , direct it out of the live room - 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 57 . int . lorea mansion security control room - continuous now baz have join the other two guard . he watch the security monitor - see the iwo dirt biker look at empty field of grass . baz what the hell set off the alarm in seven ? gacha maybe it 's break ? a gopher eat the wire or something . baz the wire be inside steel pipe , you idiot . go check it out . gacha grab a rifle and head out the door to join the motorcycle guard . ext . lorea mountain rocky outcropping - continuous pope look through he scope . scope Pov : gacha leave the mansion , head towards sector 7.° ) , °| | | '' ; i pope ) . ( inte radio ) , New duy , be come to you . BEN 0.s . ' think I be close enous ? pope ( into radio ) have to be . ext . lorea mansion outskirt - continuous Ben crawl a few more foot forward — - he 's now less than 10 foot from the fence - he roll the large rock - = it come very close to the fence satisfied , he start crawl backwards , just as gacha crest the ridge line . ext . lorea mountain rocking outcropping - continuous pope ( into radio ) hold . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only ext . lorea mansion outskirt - continuous Ben freeze . gacha be no more than twenty foot away . - sweat in BEN 's eye . gacha survey the area . he look right at BEN . cu : BEN be eye , open only a sliver . a long beat . just the sound of Ben 's breathe and heart . gacha turn - give BEN a chance . slowly , he slide backward . gacha start walk back to the house . BEN ( into radio ) T be never , ever do shit like that ever again . int . lorea mansion hallway — continuous | '' : '' . he amazon parrot beat its} magnificent ' wing , fly down a long marble hallway '' | jos . ~- yovanna chase it , wave she arm - 1 - direct the bird down another hallway to int . lorea mansion office wing 's - continuous a second hallway - where she pass a oak door and knock . lorea open the door - behind he be a desk and stack of american currency . yovanna darling , marylin get out of she cage - can you help I ? lorea push past she - lorea be she okay ? give yovanna one or two second of clear view at the office - she angle she phone in she palm just before lorea close the door behind he . CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 59 . int . lorea mansion live room - moment later yovanna sink into the couch , she heart still racing , and take swig of she drink as a ms-13 guard come in - guard ( in Spanish ) we have a problem . ext . lorea mountain - much later that same evening BEN and pope op ( observation post ) look down at the sector 7 section of the lorea mansion . pope be look through a scope . BEN push a button on the remote . scopb Pov : the large rock ~ the rock jump up in the air - power by a small explosive charge underneath and land with a thud back on the ground , trigger the alarm ... - cameras pivot and scan ! : 1 CUT to : ' . l hl int . lorea mansion security control room ~ ' continuous tot | : alarm go off . light blink and ' flash . ee poy to guard this one go off already a bunch of time tonight , before jyour shift . '' guard with black glass find the phone number for the repair company . CUT to : ext . lorea mountain - continuous scope Pov : two guard on motorcycle come racing up to the fence . pope this be go to be fun . the guard look around . they walk right past the large rock . see nothing remarkable and return to the house . ext . lorea mountain - much later hour have pass and the dark sky be now dot with bright star . on the mountain , BEN and pope remain in position . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 60 . BEN you have have a six pack and a splif - chill time pope that damn break alarm go off again - BEN hit the remote — scope Pov : rock jump in the grass , trigger the alarm . flood light come on , cameras ptvot and scan . nobody come outside . pope ( cont 'd ) why bother . Fucking thing be break . off they smile - CUT to : ext . lorea mansion — moment later carry a remote hand -held security monitor , 's drag a bored yovanna behind he , lorea step out into ) the night with baz . : '' ' '' ' | lorea how be youl go to fix it ? the cable be twenty foot under the ground . i yovanna like baz . fun to see how he handle get he ass chew . . baz it probably need to be reset on the mother - board . lorea it 's two hundred thousand dollar , plus thirty to bury they . be you go to pay for it ? yovanna giggle . she should not have do that to baz . he give lorea a hard look . do not push it . CUT to : ext . lorea mountain outskirt - continuous we see the argument as it continue on through scope Pov : lorea gesticulate . baz placate . yovanna amused . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 6l. BEN and pope watch this . pope ( into cell phone ) six four , this be one one , we be do , we be out of here . cuT to : int . ciudad del este HOTEL casa blanca - later all the guy be present . pope triumphantly hold yovanna 's cell phone aloft in the air , like he 's just win a Academy Award . pope who doubted I ? catfish just play it . pope grin . he play the video capture of yovanna 's cell phone . . '' +o '' '' ecu phone : jerky video of the , hallway ! give way to a shot of the office . clearly visible : stack and stack of cash . '' : | {0 pope this ' be ' from three hour ago . good enough ? BEN look like money to I . pope it 's ninety million buck ! catfish we still do not know the amount for sure - tronhead whatever it be , it 's a lot . it can do a lot of good . BEN you give it to charity ? ironhead I might . at my age , a ruck sack be the same as a fancy bed . Long as I be not cold or wet , it 's all just life - and I would rather see the money help someone . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 62 . BEN I be go to get a Ferrari . lronhead give he a affectionate look . tronhead that 's a nice car Ben , BEN , catfish , [ ironhead look to redfly . pope ( look to redfly ) sir? redfly there will be plenty of time to count it when you fucker get you greedy little hand on it . pope pump he fist . get he . CUT to : ext . ciudad del este - afternoon to tronhead stroll through a crowded fameil 1 bazaar of shop . he interact with a guy sell | fake 's brand name watch , laugh , easy , relaxed } | ' CUT to : ext . ciudad del este ~ parking lot - afternoon middle eastern guy from the mosque unroll a tarp cover the bed of a pick - up truck , revealing a arsenal : rifle , handgun , at4 , ammo . tronhead nod . le start to rain . int . ext CITY bus - continuous ironhead board a city bus , rickety and dirty , crowded . he pay the correct fare , shuffles to the back of the bus . ext . iguza fall national park - later still drizzle . ironhead depart the bus along with several family carry picnic basket , and get in a line with they to enter the national park . ext . iguza fall - afternoon the rain have slowed to a drizzle . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 63 . lronhead approach the magnificent fall . it 's a spectacular sight : one of the large waterfall chain in the world , over two hundred separate large fall link together in a white cascade that span nearly two mile . mist and water vapor rise to form a rainbow . behind the rainbow , ironhead see the other guy by the hand rail overlook the tremendous churn water . they have heen wait for he to arrive . ironhead join they . redfly number one : safety . there be no medivac . there be no ground support . any injury of any kind you will carry out . be mindful . every man pack a medic kit . ( beat ) number two : there be no go back to you normal life ever after tonight . make no mistake that what you be about to do be criminal - and no amount of bullshit from Pope will change that . ( beat ) . you be commit armed : robbery ; and most likely murder . , that make you the lowliest kind of crook ‘imaginable . period . . own thay we ake desecrate every oath you ever take - and make a mockery of the value we spend we life defend ... for money ... ¥or a lot of money ... i ( beat ) '' number three : it be not to late to go home . we have a commitment to Pope to check this cut and we have fulfil that . any man here want to go home , he can leave know that he be the best among we ... if you want to leave , do so now . walk away . nobody move . Long beat . each man 's face : solid . redfly ( cont 'd ) hit time be twenty - two hundred . CUT to 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 64 . ext . river bank - hit time the entire team - face blacken - silently traverse the river below lorea 's house in a inflatable boat . ext . river bank - continuous they pull ashore , stow the boat , unload giant backpack and fade into the jungle . ext . lorea jungle — continuous climb up the slippery steep jungle path . foot slip in mud . breathe hard . the path abruptly end at a ravine . it 's straight up from here . ropes be toss around tree . they climb up the rope . at the top everyone be breathe hard , dust . in the distance , the house light be barely visible . redfly let 's get sort . ' 1 1 | ' i 1 everyone start unpack they bag , ! take out a assortment of weaponry , ammunition , gear , large piece of seemingly random mechanical part ; aj wheel . handlebars . another wheel . a small motor . j they lay the part on the ground and begin assemble they . all in total silence . they be assemble a atv , a a-wheel all terrain vehicle with a tow winch attach ( which they have bring into the jungle in piece ) . they wheel . the atv forward through the jungle towards the house . ext . lorea mansion outskirt ~ hit time + 2 hrs redfly , BEN , catfish , [ ronhead and pope be lie in the jungle at the edge of lorea 's mansion . redfly look at a watch . closer to the house , two guard on patrol walk by the pool . redfly hit it . BEN hit the remote . fence the large rock jump . cameras swivel . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 65 . a long beat . the patrol of two guard do not bother to check . CUT to : int . lorea mansion security control room - continuous two guard watch the monitor . guard one ( in Spanish ) the break alarm in sector Seven . guard ' I 'wo ( Spanish ) agai Jesus . that thing be annoying . ext . lorea mansion outskirt - continuous the man reach into they pack and begin to put on ghilly suit . . a ~ suddenly , ironhead raise he hand . ) and |point , to the ground . , ' i roy wt i in the faint moon Light , giant ant be stream along the jungle floor . | ced ' tronhead ( whisper ) t rain . CUT to : ext . lorea mansion outskirt - moment later a torrential downpour . the man have take hasty cover under some tree , near the border of the house . they do not have rain gear . they be get soak . BEN ( impatiently ) let 's go . scope Pov : the guard leave they outside post and take cover inside the house to avoid the rain . redfly no , the guard go inside . we will get jamme up . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 66 . redfly ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) have to wait till they come back out . the rain continue . it actually get heavier . it 's jungle rain now . biblical . raindrop the size of ping - pong ball . CUT to : ext . lorea mansion outskirt — next morning the next day . still raining . hiding under the fern , we guy be in horrible shape . pace blue . shiver . dangerously cold . BEN take a thermometer out of he mouth . [ ook at it . BEN ( be thermometer ) 93 . come up on stage 2 hypothermia . BEN pass the thermometer to catfish . redfly = , '' ; to | uli stick it for twenty minude temp check . any : man idrop below 91 , we leave . yoo ; : CUT to : ext . lorea mansion outskirt -— evening } at last the rain have stop . the man look terrible . but they be still on task . they peer through scope at the house . tronhead have the thermometer . scope : the guard be back outside . smoke and joke around . redfly check he watch . it read 20:54 . redply six minute to hit time . tronhead remove the thermometer . Studies it . a long beat . ironhead 91 . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 67 . ext . lorea jungle hit time - continuous another guard patrol circle the house . the man rise up and move across the dark field towards the first gate ( leave the atv and much of they equipment in the bush ) . but the cold have take its toll on they muscle . all they can manage be a weak , sloppy jog . they crash back to the ground , blend into the grass in they ghilly suit . catfish ( under he breath to redfly ) - this be fuck redfly shake he head . redfly suck it up , let 's go . CUT to : int . lorea mansion security control ,.room | the sector 7 alarm be flash on the ! computer screen . oi | the control room monttor , the older guy wear black glass , watch the sereen with concern . baz come in to the room . baz Seven again ? they look at the security screen . ecu screen : a empty field . CUT to : ext . lorea mansion outskirt — continuous catfish hold a camera hunter , a over - the-counter electronic jamn device , which override the signal from the video camera watch he and send they a different signal . meanwhile , BEN cut the fence with a bolt cutter . the man take off they ghilly suit , leave they by the fence , and rush through . CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 68 . ext . lorea mansion backside — continuous the man leap - frog around the pool , hide behind rock and palm tree , until they come to the kitchen door . redfly make a hand signal to stop , they crouch by the door . he motion to he face . every man reach into he backpack and don a white skeleton mask . they push inside , into int . lorea mansion — continuous ~ a bright corridor , with a ornate marble floor . they move in perfect coordination , less like man than a lethal organism . a tarantula . a spooky , unnerve sight , five guy with weapon , backpack , tactical gear — wear black - wv skeleton mask . we have never see they quite like this -— silently advance in full combat mode - and it 's absolutely terrifying to watch they move with synchronize precision . - the lethal organism articulate - exactly ten step - down a dim corridor — : vif : pol : ~ et turn right at the next corridor - gun cover every conceivable angle ( front , rear , leave , right ) . this corridor be also empty ... '' | : i ~ it take exactly twenty step ~ and go through the first door . a Left ! - then another leave , into int . lorea mansion office — continuous sweep into the office . Light beam flash on — and crisscross the darkness , scan the interior .... revealing : open cabinet ... suitcase askew . .. open drawer , empty . all _of they empty . it 's perfectly clear that there be no pile of cash . there be no money . BEN ( under this breath ) that bitch ! catfish shine he flashlight at the ceiling , revealing : a_moist patch leaking water droplet . then : - puddle on the floor . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 69 . a - Water stain on the cabinet catfish ( pull up he mask to reveal he face ) leaky roof . ( beat ) when it rain , they move the money to keep it dry . suddenly , another presence join the now silent group — failure be among they . it be palpable and real . all they thought turn to this new companion in they midst , as they pull up they mask to catch a breath . the problem they have encounter so far be insignificant compare to what may lie ahead : defeat . fiasco . redfly , fully realize the disappointment , assert he leadership : redfly it 's a exfil . too bad . reluctantly , they pull they mask back down and file out of the office . int . lorea mansion - continuous 's ' ‘y i | i quickly and silently re-trace they ! step , the creature move through the house back towards the side entrance . turn right , ' then right again , down the dim corridor , down the bright , corridor and out the kitchen door . | ext . lorea mansion backside -— continuous they pause for a second to catch they breath , hide beside a large decorative rock . two guard walk past they , oblivious . they wait for the guard to turn the corner . BEN tap redfly , whisper : BEN we can not leave it . redfly know where this be go . redfly we be blind . screw by God or a carpenter or whatever you want - but we have no intel now . BEN nobody come in or out . it 's here somewhere . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 70 . redfly where ? fourteen room in this house . pope search room to room . redfly and catfish exchange a look . this be close to mutiny . redfly look at ironhead . you bed . sleep in it . redfly we would have to clear the entire house . pope we have come this far . and just like that , they abandon a plan month in the make . welcome to delta . CUT to : int . lorea mansion ground floor - moment later dl they sweep through the ground floor , go | dowa a hallway in the direction of the staircase , lead upito 's the second floor . 1 '' i as it sweep down the ! hallway , in the direction of the staircase , : where they run directly into a ms-13 guard and shoot he , silently . '' staircase '' they climb the luxurious wide staircase lead to the second floor . as they round the corner , BEN peek around the corner of the landing and see - a hallway lead to a bullet proof enclosure . two man be dash into the enclosure . BEN ( to redfly ) there 's some kind of a clear bunker up there . two guy just go in inside it . redfly ( reluctantly ) hit ‘em . BEN spin around the corner , and fire he suppress machine gun at the box . the bullet ping harmlessly off it . the man inside return fire - loudly - through a port in the box , hit BEN in the face as he duck back down the staircase . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 71 . - alarm go off ! - shout ! cry of panic ! BEN ( bleed from the face ) fuck this , let 's go . redfly oh , no . you want this . now we have to follow through . get up there and kill he . ( to catfish ) kill the power . catfish pull a cellphone from he bag . dial . CUT to : int . lorea' bedroom - moment later lorea be on the move . he dash to a closet , get in it , hit a button inside . a steel door slide . down , in front of the closet 's exist wood door. , ny '' t* a panic room . : 1 i ext . electric power pole - continuous ecu : a utility pole , mile away . , on it be a cell - phone bomb , wedge at the top . ' the bomb detpnate - destroy the utility pole . cur to : int . lorea house - continuous staircase Interior light flicker , the house go dark . BEN flip down he nvg night vision , spin around the corner and fire at the bullet proof enclosure ~ put eight shot in the same place - eventually crack the glass and put a small hole in it - into this hole , he shoot a grenade . the grenade explode inside the enclosure . killing the two men inside . BEN clear ! 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only ext . lorea mansion - continuous two guard run outside to the truck in the parking lot and turn on they ignition and headlight , illuminate the house and surround area in a eerie glow . staircase pope ( to redfly ) I get to do the security guy . he have video of the inside of the house . redfly Roger . pope and ironhfad go back down the staircase . int . lorea mansion staircase - continuous redfly drop satchel charge on the staircase lead up to the second floor -- suddenly the charge explode . the staircase shatter , cave in , and fall away . isolate the mon on the second tloor . ' there 's no way up to they . . a first floor m' ironhead and pope reach the security room . inside the room '' I the security man with black glass be watch monitor of the untold action ~ one monitor show pope and ironhead outside he door . outside pope ( shouting ) not go to hurt you . come out now or it see you later . you live on San raphael , in the little red house . you wife 's name be gloria . the door open . the man with black glass . pope ( cont 'd ) shut down the system and give I the hard - drive . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 73 . int . mansion money room - continuous as the smoke clear BEN and redfly and catfish enter a room and find money stack floor to ceiling . they immediately start bag the money in special - purpose , self - inflate military UDI bag . -- cu hand stuff cash into bag -- bag zipped close , toss into a pile by the door . -- more bag remove from back pack . ' yalk fast as they pack : catfish this be more than ninety - way more . we be go to have weight issue - BEN ~ we can hook some to the atv . . '' " 4 pose '' redfly look back from the door , survey ! the pile . rid 1 ig redfly catfish , see if Pope can t get up here to help pack . catfish ( into radio ) hey Blue nine , blue nine , this be red six . no answer . downstair pope and ironhead be move tactically down a corridor . a flash of color as a guard rush past they into a door . they give chase , enter a large room with two exit , one of which the door be slightly ajar . ' they enter that room , see the guard - and shoot he . facing two more door , they take one , move deeper into the house . - suddenly , in the darkness , pope trip on a rug . Falls hard on he face . - ironhead turn around to help . ironhead you okay ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 74 , pope yeah . - tronhead turn back around - find himself face to face with a ms~ 13 guard . - the guard fire - striking ironhead in the shoulder , chest , hip , knock he over . - the guard hesitates . ironhead , lie down , shoot he , dead . money room . they be still pack . redfly see if you can get Pope up here . catfish Roger that . he do not answer he com . ( into radio ) ' : Blue nine , blue nine , ; '' ' '' do you copy ? ! tot i kevrhy okay , | we 'need ! to ' find they . let 's go . they walk out of the money room , | back to the destroyed staircase , and jump down . as they do , pope round a corner , drag ironhead , bleed profusely - and groan loudly from the movement . as BEN start administer first Aid : redfly ( cont 'd ) no morphine - tape he . catfish pull out a roll of duct tape , redfly ( cont 'd ) ( to ironhead ) you have to keep move , okay ? there 's no stretcher . tronhead nod . catfish wrap duct tape around ironhead 's mouth , physically prevent he from groan . now redfly turn to the group . what happen when you take the most tactically switch on individual in the history of special force and gravely wound he dear friend , he father - figure ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only you get Achilles in a raye : redfly ( cont 'd ) ( fiercely ) alright - listen up ! ( beat ) we be go to get tronhead home . and we be go to kill every motherfucker in here . redfly look at catfish , BEN and pope with a intensity . a expression of pure , unwaver eye . this be why he lead . this be why they follow . redfly ( cont 'd ) 75 . alarming purpose in he redfly look at they for confirmation . ' they nod . catftsh unscrew the silencer from he machinejgun . BEN do the same . i ret y I redfly ( cond 'd} T want all that jshooter out of the house . | killl ( beat ) then we be go to punch out , run a reverse ambush , and start knock ‘em down in the wood . catfish Front gate ? redfly claymore . we can not afford a hot they or push ‘em outside . pursuit with ironhead down . so nobody walk out of here to follow we . roach motel . BEN Roger that . redfly alright . let 's go . ' this be my house now . CUT to : int , lorea mansion - money room - moment later move as a group in v-formation , they sweep into 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 76 . int . lorea mansion - hallway empty . ~ move down the hallway , commotion and shout from downstairs ~ at one corner of the lobby , a guard spot they and fire , then duck behind a corner wall . - redfly return FIRE - shoot at the corner wall itself - bullet rip through plaster and wood , strike the guard as - BEN and catfish round the corner to find one guard pulped on the ground . catfish clear ! redfly ( to group ) what 's the rpg count ? BEN | nine . : | ! : i redfly : use , em-all . then the ! ppms. CUT to : I ext . lorea' house - moment later 1 baz have group he man in clump to cover each exit point . we cut between they , note : -- one team aim at the front door , hide behind the car with high beam blaze . -- another be by the kitchen door . -- a third team cover the back . they wait . confident that they have surround the house and will be able to prevent any escape . ext . lorea' house - moment later speed-surprise -violence : the delta motto - refer to the three related variable of a commando raid . the less you have of one variable , the more the other must come into play . they have lose surprise . they have get zero speed . therefore : they must increase the violence ... 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 77 . baz 's man train they weapon on the door . cover every exit . suddenly - -- lorea' house explode ! -- blinding flash of FIRE and shrapnel as ~~ the entire western facade of the house be atomize baz 's man : shock , confusion . int . lorea' house - continuous catfish , redfly , pope and BEN each kneel in front of the gape maw , the remain of the western facade ~- they can see everything : the jungle ... baz 's man , group by the front door and other exit ... the car with headlight blaring ... ~~ they FIRE several rpgs , in rapid succession ext . lorea' house - continuous my foi ! po i -- missile streak out of the house 4 = ~ striking car + ' exploding ! -~ striking group of men — exploding ! '' on the heel of this ferocious assault , redfly 's man charge out of the house - and run to the jungle - away from the house . ~- BEN carry [ ronhead , while as they run the man -- Drop m86 pdm ( Pursuit deterrent munition ) behind they . ( note : you have never see munition like this before — not in any film , not in any news footage . they be specially design munition for SF unit . they be the size of softball . triggered by hand . when they land on the ground , seven spring ~ load wire shoot out of they , like a spider 's leg , suddenly extend . each of this wire be twenty foot long , and tip with a motion sensor . disturb any of the wire triggers a bomb inside the softball with a kill radius of 9 foot . ] ecu : pdm hit the ground ~ -- sensing wire shoot out , like tentacles 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 78 . -- baz 's man recover from they confusion - give chase - just as redfly and he crew reach the tree line . -- redfly 's team advance a tew foot into the tree , then hook back , run in a the shape of a upside down J - the reverse ambush - just as -- baz 's man encounter the pdm - trigger they -- boom ! boom ! ' the pnm explode , kill several guard .. -- just as redfly , pope and catfish come on the guard 's flank ... pope nvg Pov : heat signature ... target . -- firing they long - gun , redfly 's team knock baz 's man down in a hail of lethal gunfire . -- baz manage to duck away , flee into the jungle as -- BEN come zipping out of the other side of the jungle , riding the atv , ironhead seat on the back - , , . . 's '' -- BEN ride the atv into the ruin : of the | house yoyo int . / ext house - continuous ' hl ee ! : -- Zoom around the rubble until he get to - h -- the remain of the money room . stack : dozen and dozen of black DUI bag i '' -- as redfly pope and catfish continue shoot outside , -- BEN attaches the bag to a winch on the back of the atv CUT to : ext . house - moment later black DUI bag flying - one after another - across a 2 ip line lead from the house to the atv in the jungle . off one bag , move fast - hard CUT to : ext . parana river night - later the exfil . redfly 's team float quietly down river , on a raft of black bag . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 79 . the river be eerily beautiful on this night . crystalline star overhead . majestic tree . ext . river - continuous flashlight scan the water . Men on the bank . search . gradually , the light recede . CUT to : ext . river night - moment later the river widen now . pull back to see the iguza fall approach . catfish be swim with he head above water . tronhead be hold onto the raft . BEN ney man . pope what 's up ? , BEN : i we do it , do not we ? i 4 '' ' CUT to : . | ext . river bank village —- moment later the light of a village up ahead . more searchlight on the bank , scan the water . reluctantly , ironhead slide off the ratt , into the envelop dark water . cur to : int . lorea house - later lorea walk back into the live room , carry a bag of money . baz be wait for he . lorea thank god you be here , baz yeah . baz shoot he . CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 80 . int . river - underwater lock up through the murky water , as they pass by the village and the strobe of the searchlight . breathe through long black snorkel , they pass by the village almost to its end , when one particular beam of light hit they . it 's come from a flashlight . held by a member of a search party . while underwater , redfly signal catfish and catfish twist up a few foot . still underwater , he squeeze the trigger - -- bullet pass through the water , rippling , bubbling wave -- bullet break free of water -- strike the man dead . -- catfish silently sink back . CUT to : '' ext , the river bank - continuous 's the man come out of the water tola secretive landing spot where they have stowéd a van . they drag the money bag out of the water . : BEN carry ironhead . lay he in the van . Inside , there 's a pertable emergency medical station , like in the back of a ambulance . BEN re-dress he wound . give hima shot of antibiotic . CUT to : ext . the river bank ~ moment later pope , catfish and redfly attach a second winch in a van to the money bag . the winch pull the bag into the vehicle . CUT to : int / ext . van - empty highway - later the van go speed down a dark two - lane road . the guy be still drip wet , bloody , and exhaust . they have do it but at what cost ? redfly ( to BEN ) how be he ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 81 . BEN it 's through and through . he will survive . redfly ( to no one in particular ) go to the girl 's . cur to : ext . ciudad del este apartment complex - later ' the van , drive without light , pull in front and go silent . cuT to : int / ext . apartment complex 14 th floor - elevator BAY - moment later Elevator door open on 14 and BEN step out into the bright florescent hallway . he 's a gnarly sight , this heavily armed young man in wet commando clothing , wet hair , blood - shot eye , battle - weary face , the grim feaper| come , to life . he ring the doorbell . _rowpaina open ! it in a nightgown . yf rno cur to : ext . ciudad del este apartment complex STREET - moment later BEN drag yovanna behind he . she 's get street clothes on , a pillow case over she head . her hand be tie . BEN push she into the van and jump inside . int . van - moment later yhe van pull out . pope look at yovanna , blindfolded and bound , tremble , sobbing , and he take off she blindfold . pope hey yovanna , it 's go to be okay . yovanna fuck you ! pope ( strong ) you be alive be not you ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 82 . yovanna you be kidnapper now ? ( have : tronhead ) what happen to he ? redfly he get shot . yovanna how ? lorea ? redfly one of he soldier . yovanna lean back , close she eye . she 's see a lot in she young life . yovanna T do not think you be kidnapper . do you know how to kidnap ? ( beat ) so you kill lorea ? pope co} not sure . i | yovanna snort in disbelief . ° i pao ' ; l | yovanna if 's I be you , I would want to be sure of that . 4 i redfly struggle to restrain himself . redfly yovanna , I know this be a lot . but try to be chill , okay ? ‘hey turn a corner . catfish stop the van . pope prepare to exit , but redfly put a hand on he shoulder . pope T will do it . redfly stay inside . redfly grab a backpack in the van . he get out of the van and take yovanna with he . ext . STREET - continuous yovanna look wildly around the dark street . terrify . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 83. redfly walk she to a park car a few foot from the van . he unty she hand . redfly ( gently ) so , sorry about that . we be go to let you go now . yovanna oh , thank God . thank you . redfly by the way , what 's my name ? she shake she head . do not know . redfly ( cont 'd ) what 's he name ? ( jerk he head in the direction of pope ) you fuck buddy . yovanna he never say , I do not know . '! | '' t '' redfly ii okay . this be n*t a trick question so just answer . ' where be he from ? yovanna jj i know you be not dea . he 's not dea , redfly what state , yovanna ? yovanna I do not know . redfly show she a .22 pistol . redfly be 100 percent sure ~ because there 's no take~ back with this . she start to shake . terrify . redfly ( cont 'd ) after you suck he of£ ? you be lie there , play with he ~ you ask , ' what 's you real name , where you really from ' - all that ~ what do he say ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 84 . yovanna come on - seriously - that never happen . redfly stop waste my time , yovanna . I be go to go ask he in a second - yovanna he say - he say he 's Chris . [ I do not know , I be sure it 's not he real name . redfly i£ you lie to I , I will wipe you out . this be a simple question : where be he from ? yovanna - Jesus , stop ! ( beat ) T do not know ! all he ever say be Chris and you be he supervisor and he friend - I know he be not ' really dea - and that you , werd honest .> aon redfly be not expect , that remark . } . i to a | redfly how woutd that come up ? yovanna | because I ask he iff he be not afraid of you cheating he . and he say you be the most honest guy he would ever meet . that hit redfly in the solar plexus . the man he 's become remember the man he be just a few week ago . redfly deflate . switch gear . redfly ( hand she the bag ) there 's a million five in cash , a ticket in there to Sydney , and a Visa - use it . today . ( give she the key to the car ) on the way to the airport , stop at fedex . it open in three hour . ship the cash in a box to a hotel in Sydney . do not improvise this - do not take it to the airport . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 85 . redfly ( cont 'd ) there 's likely cocaine residue on the bill , and the airport drug dog will smell it . yovanna I do not know anybody in Sydney . redfly I give you a number in the bag . if you need something heavy do , call . yovanna how do I call if I do not know you name or he name ? redfly smile . redfly he know yours . she look back at the van , hope . pope do not get out . redfly ( cont 's D ) : another life go. she get in the caz . | redfly turtis back to he team . int . van - continuous redfly get in the van . pope look at he . embarrass . pope I be sorry . redfly she 's lying . they look , through they window , at yovanna get into the car they provide for she . redfly ( cont 'd ) have to think about put she down . pope she 's cool . redfly she put we at risk . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 86 . redfly ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) motherfucker , there be consequence to this shit . he exchange a look with pope . pope i say , I be sorry . redfly ( to catfish , who be drive ) take I to the helo . ccut to : ext . paraguay - argentina border - night a border checkpoint . Guards . barricade . the van pull up to passport Control . a Immigration Officer walk up . immigration officer passport please . '' vt catfish and redfly be in ' the front seat . they hand over they passport . the Immigration officer glance at they . see five hundred dollar inside each passport . immigration officer ( cont 'd ) ( in Spanish ) I need to check the vehicle . catfish ( in Spanish ) can 1 have my passport back , please ? the Officer take the money , give back the passport , and walk to the back of the van and open the door to see -— - Machine gun point straight at he , hold by pope and BEN pope ( in Spanish ) Close the door . CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 87 . ext . argentina private airstrip / heliport - dawn sign on the front office : AIR SERVICES UNITED int . argentina private airstrip / heliport - office - continuous in the corner of the small room , a tv show local news ahout the robbery . a salesman slide paperwork across a desk to redfly . redfly look at the paperwork , slide a bag of money across the table . through the office window - see the van pull next to a german - make ch-53d sea stallion cargo helicopter . tv screen ; footage of lorea 's house in flame - picture of lorea as a young man - picture of yovanna in a beauty contest . salesman we can help you load , and weigh , if you like . we scale , some of we ! customer say , be more precise than theirs . 1 i | redfdy thank you . ext . argentina private airstrip / heliport - continuous redfly and the salesman watch as ~ pope , duke , BEN and catfish unload the van - pass the bag to airport crew who toss they on a scale - after each bag be weigh , additional airport crew pack pile they into a cargo net which in turn be attach to the skid pad of the helicopter . redfly there 's a extra three hundred thousand for you because I may be inconvenience you . salesman you be not inconvenience I in any way . redfly tell I that after I have take you cell phone and cut you land - line . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 88 . the salesman accept this . not the first time . he hand redfly he cell phone - and go to retrieve cell phone from he worker . ext . argentina private airstrip / heliport office - moment later BEN it 's on the news - pope every free gun down here be go to be look for we . salesman ( smile ) you cargo weigh eight thousand four hundred and fifty two pound . catfish overhear this . redfly thank you . ) the salesman duck away . catfish we redely aside . , catfish ' that. do not add ‘up to 'ninety - that add up to sik hundred million . redfly be that right ? '' BEN we steal six hundred million dollar ?! catfish nod . all but ironhead , who be still in the van , gather around redfly . giddy astonishment on they face . BEN ( cont 'd ) I be definitely get a Ferrari . 600 million . a staggering sum . mind-blow . Beyond dream . ' they be rich ... they be fuck . pope you sure ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 89 . catfish the guy say we weight be eight ton . that 's the math on eight ton in hundred dollar bill . six hundred million . ( beat ) we may have a weight issue now . we be five ton over what we expect . ( beat ) this be a big helicopter though . redfly I do not see the issue . maximum load on this helo be sixteen thousand pound . catfish ( annoyed ) T be sorry , I do not know you would go to tlight school . I say we might have a weight issue . redfly shrug . redfly rypta | if we have a problem , we will deal ' with it . but , at\jthis point , we be take all the money . i { } : : pope yeah ' - it ' we money now - we can not go leave it lie around . that would be irresponsibld . landing zone as pope and catfish finish load , ironhead get out of the van . his movement be strain as he pull redfly aside . tronhead hey - Ben tell I - we be over weight ? redfly maybe ... we be get 600 million though . ironhead ( genuine ) that 's great , Tom . really cool . let I ask you - you be prepare to dunce that girl - yovanna ? redfly not sure . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 90 . redfly ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I suck . tronhead I like the way you make the choice not to . redfly we will see . I probably should have . but I fumble . ironhead shake he head , no . ironhead that 's not one you recover from . redfly no shit but she 's a giant risk in a million way ! maybe she go straight to he . or maybe he 's already dead - and she 's have a cocktail in first class . who the fuck know . like I , say , we will see . 2 ( crt oyn tronhead '' bobo so you be still 's dhjnking ) . through the ripple neffect of what we do down pert D , . '' 4 '' 4 redfly ‘j Hell yeah I be think . ironhead ' well , keep think . you be good at it . redfly pat he affectionately on the shoulder . redfly why do not you shut up and go lie down in the helo ? ext . argentina private airstrip / heliport - later the helo be fully load . rotor blade idle . everyone be on board except for redfly and the salesman , who stand together about fifty foot from the helo . redfly one more thing . do you know who I be ? the salesman shake he head , no . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 91 . redfly show the salesman a photograph . redfly ( cont 'd ) do you know who this be ? salesman that 's my daughter . redfly smile . extends he hand . redfly you have be a pleasure to do business with ~ and I thank you for you discretion as we leave you airspace . cuT to : ext . argentina private airstrip / heliport - moment later the giant helicopter lir ts off . tip forward and then fly to the horizon line . disappear into the glare of the set sun . oh cuT to : { yy 1 ext . paraguay jungle - night . pon the sun have . set and the moon have ' yet to rise . darkness have fall over the ! jungle . | we hear the vibrate thump - thump . we sense its passage through the air ... anticipate its , arrival - but the machine rush past we , just a shape , menace , and nearly invisible in the gloom . int . sea stallion helicopter somewhere over paraguay ~- continuous catfish be fly with no light . helo cockpit catfish calmly at the control . pope be in the co-pilot seat . redfly crouch near by . redfly {into helo radio headset ) how do she feel ? catfish ( over headset ) so far , so good . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 92 . redfly grin , rub catfish 's shoulder . redfly ( into headset ) there you go ! cabin redfly crawl out of the cockpit back to the cabin . stepping over dukf , who be sprawle out asleep on a pile of gear and weapon . redfly find l[ ronhead in the back , recover on a talon lightweight stretcher . redfly feel ironhead 's forehead . no fever . BEN look on , redfly ( cont 'd ) ( shouting to itronhead in order to be hear ) how you feel ? redfly check the bandage . they laok ood . 4 '' la0 k good tronhead } ( unable to hear over , thei din ) you be do fine - keep go . redfly '' no , how be you feel ? ironhead ( shouting ) keep go . redfly give up try to be hear over the din . he sit down and start to make himself comfortable . be nice to get some rest . but pope be wave he to return to the cockpit . int . sea stallion helicopter - moment later redfly crouch between he pilot and co-pilot . catfish strong headwind - and the weight drag at this altitude - I would like to go down to 2,000 foot . redfly consult a map . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 93 . redfly we be over the park ? sure . catfish Roger that . go down . the helicopter streak downward towards the jungle . catfish ( cont 'd ) ( check the gauge ) better . I be go to want to slow down a little , too , to save fuel . ande in four hour ! redfly Roger . good work ! redfly go back to he area in the cabin , and nestle in again , try to find some comfort in the pile of gear and weapon . ' then he wait . Long beat . nobody bother he . at last , he close hig eye ! | ' cur to : . to ext . the chilean ande !~ dawn to Dawn strike the ande . the glisten peak , shroud in mist and rise into the cloud , seem to stretch to infinity . ext . sea stallion helicopter the ande mountain - continuous find we helicopter , fly low , approach the base . tiny against the vast range . int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous catfish fly . pope he co-pilot . cockpit Pov : the mountain loom in front of they . they be unbelievably high . barely visible in the heavy mist , two mountain appear to meet in a V -shape , form what may be a valley passageway that they can fly through . catfish I be go to try between this two bigger peak ~ see if there 's a valley I see on the map . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 94 . pope Roger that . ext . sea stallion helicopter the ande mountain - continuous the helicopter push towards the v-shape between the peak . int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous catfish track software on this Russian helos - man ! pope - 1 know . suck - catfish everything 's backwards . so I be just sight fly . pope - Roger . | the helicopter fly through the v-space bétween the two peak . ext . the ande - continuous y they clear / the patch of imist . the passageway immediately narrow . the helo be now fly close to the mountain : just a few hundred foot separate the helicopter from rocky outcropping and jag cliff . int . / ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous as catfish and pope continue to navigate the narrow passageway , we drift back to the other man - cabin redfly wake up with a start . wipe the sleep from he eye . we follow he gaze pan across the cabin ... to see duke stare straight - ahead , stone -face ... and then over to BEN . BEN be cry . hot tear stream down he face . redfly ( shouting to be hear in the loud helo ) no fucking way ! 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 95 . redfly leap over to [ ronhead 's side . the old man' eye be close . he have no pulse . he 's dead . redfly ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) how ?! he be fine ! BEN ( also shouting ) the bullet must have move in the night . redfly loose it , completely . lie 's devastate . Split apart . he bang he head on the hard metal interior of the helicopter . ' throw thing around the cabin . BEN attempt to console he . BEN ( cont 'd ) 1 . | we do everything right . , : ( beat ) | ) 3 he be stablel redfly look at ; he numbly . redfly | f£ do not understand . BEN the bullet shift , nick he heart . it happen sometimes . redfly surgery would have cure he ? BEN maybe . maybe not . it be he time , Tom . he be shot . redfly collapse . bury he head in he hand . cockpit meanwhile , in the cockpit , catfish and pope have not hear the tragic news . they be still attempt to negotiate the mountain pass . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 96 . catfish sixteen thousand . highest I have be in a helo . cockpit Pov : Flying through the v-shape two peak , they turn a corner and face - - another monumental 19,000 foot peak - the valley be a dead - end - they be trap . redfly join they in the cockpit . he 's about to deliver the bad news about ironhead but he hesitates when he see that they be attempt a difficult fly maneuver . ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous over indecisively in the gorge . the helicopter int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous pope , { try to pop over ? catfish to rocer - '' {oj ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous the helo rise now , steadily clipbing the 19,000 foot peak block they progress . Higher . Higher . int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous catfish a - that 's get to be nineteen thousand - rather not go up that high . no oxygen anyway . ( short intake of breath ) let 's turn pope yeah - find another way through both man , beginning to feel the altitude , breathe labor . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 97 . ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous as the helo turn in the tight space , its tail rotors drift near to the edge of the mountain ... int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous pope watch with concern : pope' cockpit Pov : as the tucn widen , the rotors come closer still ... even closer ... get very dangerous ... until - - the blade be no more than twenty foot from the mountain ! pope you be close on my side to catch a tail rotor . catfish Roger . [ t 's tight - ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous as the helo turn a second problem develop : ' the ' cargo net with the monfy in it swing precipitously back | and forth , create further instability when - . I | a - - rotor blade blast clump ! of snow off the mountain ' ij - snow strike the windshield ~ temporarily blind they - a ) int . sea stallion helicopter ~ continuous ! it look very bad now . tail rotor too close . load cause instability . no visibility . the recipe for a crash . catfish , however , remain preternaturally calm . cockpit Pov : blankete in snow . catfish hello , visibility . the helo hover . the snow slide down the glass . cockpit Pov : clear again . pope what 's wrong with this gps - it do not even show this one ? catfish I do not know ~- calibration . ( beat ) I mess up . let 's forget the turn . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 98 . catfish ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) T be go to try and pop over it . pope yeah . ext . sea stallion helicopter — continuous the helo back off the turn - once again , it climb and climb int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous the engine racket be deafen as the helicopter redline under the strain of the extreme altitude . dial go haywire . catfish let 's see - it 's a good helo . pope - we be redlining catfish + ' 4 1 Close though . , '' '' cockpit Pov : as they rise above the mountain , they can now see over it and ! across the full range ~ mile and mile of jag peak , , straping the sky . Beyond ... a sliver of blue ocean , beckon . freedom . fscape . so close ... so far . catfish ( cont 'd ) I do not want to fly over that peak with this weight - we be redlining already . pope I neither . ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous the helicopter bank down the mountain , descending . int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous catfish we need to lighten the load . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 99 . pope ( shouting back to redfly ) we be carry too much weight ~ need to land - ditch a ton or two ~ start again . redfly have be stand and listen to they this entire time . he finally speak . redfly ironhead die . ext . sea stallion helicopter ~— continuous the helo continue to descend . int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous catfish and pope be crush . the pain be evident in they voice : catfish oh God ! : my oy : redfly , fos nicked he heart . ij : | : se | pope oh , , Jesus . suddenly - - a loud thump , follow by a terrible shudder shake the aircraft - catfish react to this serious turn of event with cool - head precision : catfish one of the engine ext . sea stallion helicopter ~ continuous the helicopter lose control and start to spin out of control . int . sea stallion helicopter — continuous ( note : the follow dialogue be compose , unruffled - in vivid contrast to the hurtle danger ] catfish go into a spin 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 100 . pope - you can catch it . how do he die ? cockpit Pov : carfening across the sky , head towards a impact with one of the mountain . redfly bullet move pope ( be : the helo ) you can catch it catfish ahh — go for it cockpit Pov : spin get more pronounce - faster - smoke now visibly stream from the back of the machine pope - Roger - stay with it catfish - might be in trouble here . '' rr ' ext , sea stallion helicopter - continuous : { '' 1 ' the spin slow , then the helicopter rights itself - i ' int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous catfish should land cockpit Pov : the ground zoom beneath they : not where you want to crash land . Wild , tough , territory : dense tree , protrude rock , jag cliff . inhospitable in the extreme . redfly crash land here , we be dead . catfish try and get we back to flat redfly - Roger ( shouting to the back ) prepare for a hard land ! smoke now reach the interior of the helo ... ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous the helicopter lunge over the jungle , engine howling , black smoke spew into the air , a trail of disaster . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 101 . int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous catfish there go you stabilizer . pope can you go north , there 's a highway ? catfish T remember it . ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous the helo bank NORTH . int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous cockpit Pov : up ahead , a thin ribbon of road appear on the jungle floor . catfish we should drop the money . ( beat ) maybe we do not die . 4 i ( i pope , i ' we will never find it - wait ' for a '' lz ... roy en redfly overrule pope i redfly ( shouting to BEN jn the cabin ) : CUT the money loose ! cockpit Pov : ' the helo now pass over a patchwork of SMALL farm carve out of the dense andean jungle - the farm lush with thick GREEN bushes . bounded by a few modest wood home . - this be cocaine farm . a peasant coca farmer , machete in hand , crane he eye to watch the helo lurching not more than 100 foot over he . int . sea stallion helicopter ~ continuous catfish Drop it now or we're all go to die !! cabin 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 102 , redfly ( to Ben ) cut the money ! aft cabin BEN reach down and unlock a heavy winch - strap unravel - but the last strap get stuck ! ext . helicopter - continuous - the giant bundle of money dangle precipitously . sway this way and that . held by only one strap cockpit catfish oh Jesus pope get it off ! aft cabin redfly slip on a harness and clip a carabiner to the floor of the cabin - then open the , cabin door | and slide out of the helicopter , into the howling wind . i ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous redfly hang from the helo - reach for the remaining strap hold the bundle of money . but the strap be three or four foot too far away . - redfly gesture with he hand , swing I . BEN reach out , swing he and redfly arc leave , then right towards the bundle strap , grab it , and cut it - simultaneously : the helicopter spike higher - gain altitude , free of the weight — snap redfly like a rag doll the money bundle plummet to the earth , hit - ext . andean cocaine farm - continuous the bundle land with a thud in a small coca field near a cluster of house - and a few curious farmer converge on this strange black bundle that 's fall from they sky , like a gift from the heaven . int . sea stallion helicopter - continuous cockpit 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 103 . catfish gonna land up here ! catfish steer the helicopter towards another open field . ext . helicopter - continuous redfly , still dangle , watch as the farmer encircle the bundle . as the helicopter hurtle down , he lose he vantage point - int / ext . sea stallion helicopter - continuous at twenty foot above ground level , catfish pull up , and slow for the landing . redfly release he harness , fall to the ground , and roll away from the helo . we watch it land from he point of view : - ten foot - five - the skid touch down rot rag - suddenly it pop back up ) | - rising aj few feeu off ithe ! ground catfish 0,S. ( into mic ) | bad landing int . helicopter cockpit - continuous ~ the helo lurch into a wild spin , knock BEN and everyone else around the cabin . gear go fly . BEN try to hold on - but he also fly out of the helo - hit the ground hard ext . village ground - continuous redfly leap forward , grab BEN and drag he to safety from under the spinning helo just as - ~o the helo flip upstde down - crash into the ground . - rotor digging into the ground , cause the aircraft to corkscrew . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 1o4 . revolving in a spin , like a high - speed indy car crash , the helo rotate around and around on the ground , - shredd dirt , grass - spew oil , debris - shear metal - mechanical bit whizzing away - like shrapnel - avound and around - carve the ground - - slow at last to a sicken stop. redfly helplessly watch this smoky hell . a hell of he own max . off he look of horror - CUT to : ext . crash site - later ) in the bloody aftermath of the crash , beside the mangle wreck of the helicopter : | 4 BEN administer emergency medical care to catfish - tend he arm and rib o. which be bloody | pope be hunch over ironhead 's body , lose in grief . '' redfly stand apart by himself , think . redfly go up to pope . redfly hey , brother . what do you want to do ? pope look up at he , heart - break . pope I should have - tear in he eye . redfly give he a moment . redfly we all should have . ( beat ) find you way back . pope nod . redfly ( cont 'd ) what do you want to do now ? ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only redfly ( cont 'd ) ( back to mission mode ) be a good time to split . take ironhead home . pope could we still get the money ? redfly if you still want it , we will go get it - but it 's go to be a slog withont the helo . pope what 's you feel ? redfly I guess I want the fuck money . Long beat . redfly and pope look at each other , they mind both dwelling on the same dark reality of loss and greed . my at last redfly turn away and go ' over ‘to | BEN | and catfish i redfly : ( cont 'd ) ( to BEN ) | you give ' he morphine ? '' BEN be just about to - redfly ( to catfish ) can you suck it up for half a hour ? I may want you to shoot —- catfish yeah , fine - the pain be a good reminder of my dumb ass attitude that I can survive anything . redfly you have a higher survivability than any human I have ever meet . catfish you go for the money ? redfly nod . catfish ( cont 'd ) watch yourself around it - you be pretty hot - 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 106 . redfly - I be take Pope catfish I mean , do not massacre that farmer for it . redfly of course not catfish watch you trigger . redfly consider defend himself , decide to let it go . catfish decide to push he point : catfish ( cont 'd ) be not it better break than dead ? I mean , do not it seem crazy at this point to haul_eight ton of paper around South America ? let 's leave the money and get out of dodge . redfly po we still have room to maneuver . . 1 1 ) 1 | catfish | ( angry ) ! Roger that . you tell I who you want I to shoot , '' '' in the end , it 's simple . redfly turn and silently walk towards the jungle , in the direction of money bundle . without a word , pope follow he . you finish what you start . CUT to : ext . cocaine field - moment later redfly and pope jogging fast - ext . village outskirt - later they emerge from the wood , breathless from the run . too late . two hundred yard downrange from they position : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 107 . money bundle in the field , a crowd have converge . Men and woman . Young and old . even very small child . seem like the entire lage be swarming around the money bundle , moth to a flame . redfly 's scope Pov : a dozen fist tear at the bundle . grabbing at cash . — one villager hastily fill a wheel barrow - other stuff back - pack and basket outskirt redfly scan all this - eye linger on a two -story structure , a crude processing plant of some kind , at the edge of the field . redfly I like that roof . pope go ahead . ( pass redfly he long gun ) ' i I will approach from the West . ext . field money 's bile + continuous pope approach the buz crowd , hand loosely at he side . there 's a side - arm on he leg . but he 's remove he heavy weaponry . processing plant redfly sprint to the plant . notice two women crush coca leave with a wooden PRESS that be straight out of the 19th century . the sweatshop underbelly of the drug trade . de run past they and leap up the roof . vhey scatter . field pope attempt to shoo the crowd away from the money bundle . he be ignore . pope ( shouting in Spanish ) this do not belong to you ! processing plant redfly watch from the roof of the nearby house . field 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 108 . one of the farmer , a leader - type , hold a machete , turn to pope menacingly . farmer ( in Spanish ) who be you be align with ? pope ( to farmer ) the Army of paraguay . I be a advisor . ( hold up he cell phone ) one call , u'1l bring a battalion here . another farmer ( in Spanish ) you should call a rescue helicopter . pope come . farmer in the meantime , you be alone + , and | you do not have a uniform . | , '' meanwhile , the mad rush . villager shovel money into basket . j iy od now four of the male farmer band together to face pope .. | 1 processing plant 4 redfly watch this . flick the ) safety off he rifle . field the farmer grow increasingly agitate . pope ( in Spanish ) we can work something out . farmer leader ( in Spanish ) how be you passenger from the crash , do they need assistance ? pope ( in Spanish ) we can talk about that - tell you people to stop take my property . they be steal . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 109 . farmer two ( in Spanish ) it 's my field . farmer three ( in Spanish ) I think you mess up , dea . the farmer , emboldene , edge closer to pope . pope be cool . I be not dea . we just need to talk about this . processing plant roof redfly scope Pov : see the advance farmer . redfly ( into radio ) I be go to hit the machete . field : a pope & vp ye ( to farmer , ia sp. ish | yoo 78 hold on =. stop there . , pnt come towards : me.t for int dadkioy negative , negative . hold fire . ~ one farmer curse , raise he machete . he 's about five foot from pope . can he do they harm at this distance ? probably not . ' be he bluster , threaten or prepare to strike ? redfly do not wait to find out . = the stant the machete rise he air , four shot : ring out , follow by a dozen more . - the machete farmer fall , dead . = Three other farmer who al. hold machete fall ad . ~ a lone unarm farmer remain . unhurt . he crouch to the ground , hand cover he head . - pope pull the man to he foot and simultaneously yell to redfly pope ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) negative negative !!! ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 110 . pope ( cont 'd ) ( to survive Farmer ) do you have donkey ? I will pay good money . I want horse and donkey . that 's all . scope Pov : in the grainy low-re view of a distant scope , we see the entire kill field , litter with body . see Pope talk to the lone remain male farmer . see the woman and child cower at the edge . Pan over to the Processing Plant roof , and see redfly still lie prone , ritle extend . pull back now - way back - to see the man who be hold the scope . it 's catfish , at the edge of the jungle . off he look of shame - cut to : ext . field - moment later redfly stand alone in the kill field . he 's surround by the body of the slain farmer . be body . | cota i he walk from body to body , confkont thé dead . his movement feline , predatory ; he face 's dark , a twisted mask of rage and self - loathing . then he see that one farmer , a teenager , be still alive . pant for air . blood leak into the ground . eye stare up at he . i they eye lock . redfly shoot he , kill he : half mercy , half surrender to existential nothingness . ext . farm land - afternoon a extremely long train of pack animal , mule , donkey , horse , tethere together . eighty - five in all . each of which be laden with gear and weapon from the helicopter and a black DUI bag full of cash . additionally , one of the donkey carry lronhead 's lifeless body , wrap in a blanket . pope , catfish , redfly , BEN be themselves all on horseback . in this manner , they drive the train across the field , head towards the jungle . CuT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only lll . ext . jungle - later Riding in silence into the thicken vegetation . CUT to : ext . jungle —- later the trail slope upwards . a pack on one of the donkey 's slip to the ground . BEN stop to retrieve it - and adjust the strap . the man dismount to give the horse a breather . catfish take the opportunity to talk to redfly . catfish { know you do not want to hear this . he 's get stiff and he 's go to smell , we can not keep bring he with we . redfly ( like a mantra ) - I will not leave a fall comrade I will not leave a fall gomyade . what happen to that ? 's : 1 toa catfish put a arm around redfly . : io i catfish we be not leave he , brother , we be put he to rest . i CUT to : ext . paraguay jungle ridgeline - evening tronhead have be bury on the scenic peak . Sun slip over the horizon as he friend stand before a make- shift grave . redfly remove a gold cross necklace from he neck . he drape it over the rough hewn wooden cross on the grave . it catch the sun . redfly take this with you , brother . BEN remove he watch . lay it on the grave . BEN ( fiercely affectionate ) so you know what time it be catfish lay he watch , too . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 112 . catfish he live more in 55 year than most people do in a lifetime . the group fall silent . we study each man 's tace as they wait for pope at last , he step forward to say he piece . his face heavy as he anguish pour forth : pope you be a gem , my friend ... my second tather . you teach I and I love you and then I put you in the dirt - redfly ( sharply ) hey ! no more blame} ! pope it 's okay , Tom . TI need to say it . redfly let 's camp here tonight . keep he : company . roy ba '' 2 | '' CUT to : . : '' ext . jungle river ! bed ) - dawn ' 4 the trail have 'come to a fast- move river . the man send the horse first , then wade thigh deep through the rapid , carry gun overhead . the water get deeper as they cross . midway through , redfly slip under the water and begin to swim . CUT to : ext . river bed - hour later the man float the money bag across but get the pack animal to brave the water river be tough . they have be at the task for what seem like several hour . many of the donkey do not want to do it . the man coax and whip they . at last , the final donkey be across . pope consult a gps . BEN well , we have go twelve click - 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 113 . redply just another four hundred to the coast . CUT to : ext . river bank ~ night the man be shiver in the cold at a primitive camp they have strike not far from the river bed . BEN a fire would be righteous . redfly we cold camp . nobody talk after that . CUT to : ext . cordon do puntas negras smuggler' trail 2,000 meter elevation - afternoon the path , now about one fifth of ; the way | up the loom mountain , switch form a relaxed jungle| trail and begin to incline into a steep , rock -strewn , ) ankle -breaker . 7 t | : bot ' cur to : ext . cordon do puntas negras i we see the whole range and landscape from a bird - eye view - the ande rise before we . majestic . look down closer - down in the valley , move like ant , be five man on horseback , with a long train of pack animal . cur to : ext . mountain range - day later we see the toll time have take on the team . they clothes tatter , face sun-scorch , weary . ext . cordon do puntas negras smuggler' trail elevation 3,500 meter ~ morning still higher in the mountain , sparse vegetation . the smuggler 's trail begin to wind north , rather than traversing over the mountain to the west . if they want to continue go up and over , they will have to make they own path and go straight up the black rocky face of the mountain . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only llo . the donkey , for they part , be once again refuse to move . all the man be pulling and attempt to coax they forward , without success . catfish Pace it , we be stick . they prepare to camp for the night . redfly look up the mountain . consider the possibility . a snow flake fall on he face . CUT to : ext . cordon do puntas negras volcanic range — later it 's snow ... cu one bag : snow fall on the black bag . then the bag slide forward along the rocky ground , up the slope , be pull by a rope . pull back to reveal a line of bag , all tetheréd / together with rope , slowly move uphill. , ° , '' . '' ' pull back farther to see that all the ! pur bag have be tethere together with rope , form a long chain , nearly 200 foot in length . ! it 's clear that , incredibly , they intend to drag this bag up the slope , foot - by-foot - . look up to see pope and BEN pull on the rope . on higher ground , catfish , redfly pull . strain against the slow move weight , groan like oxen . ~- back strain - hand grip , blister - foot slip in the loose sand but if they have cross into madness , they do not seem to mind . ext . cordon do puntas negras smuggler' trail elevation 4000 meter ~ later the team , now on higher , even steeper ground , pull the bag up , one by one , inch by inch . a insane sight . a demonstration of pure will . pure audacity . CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 115 . ext . cordon do puntas negras smuggler' trail elevation 4000 meter - night the wind have pick up . they be expose on the mountain face , shiver in the cold . BEN I demand a fire . redfly we cold camp . low-viz . they sit . miserable . BEN have have it . he pull a giant wad of bill from he pack and light a bill on fire with he lighter . tt curl , smoke , and burn . he light another bill . throw a few more out create a burn pile of cash , and feed the fire , add more and more bill to build a healthy flame . BEN ( to redfly ) puck you ~ this be my fuck you money . redfly smile . let 's it go . and then redfly leap up - and in a moment jof craze inspiration he grab one of} the DUI money bag and dump the entire content on the firel - ( ob o} - it roar . to life as several million dollar ignite - i cu FIRE : flame jab the air , spark fly , arcing into the sky - } - grinning like little boy , the other guy grab bag and toss fist - full of hundred onto the fire - as it grow into ~ a bonfire of cash . ~ they hoot and howl at the sight , warming they hand for the first time in day . we stay with they as the bill burn and the flame crackle , smoke unfurl into the night sky . CUT to : ext . cordon do puntas negras volcanic range latitude : - 23.527251 longitude - 67.924610 ~ morning make-shift shelter , cobble together out of branch . a fire . small game roasting on a spit . seat around the fire , the team . title over : six week later 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 116 . they have transformed into mountain man , full beard , long hair ... unwash ... far from civilization , from any semblance of they earlier selve . Wild . CUT to : ext . cordon do puntas negras volcanic range camp perimeter — afternoon pope be observe through a spot scope : the sandy Coast line of the Atlantic ocean . beside the sea lies mejillone , chile . a sleepy port town . the end of the line . pope there 's a port call mejillone in one hundred and sixty mile . hour from the nearest federal facility . redfly good. : '' 5 | : too cur to : t ext . cordon do puntas ) negras volcanic range - afternoon '' t dirt fly out of a deep hole . Inside the hole , pope and BEN be digging a pit large enough to hold the remain 480 million dollar . redfly and catfish be above they , drag bag towards the pit . as they work : redfly fifty four US Marines go to a farm catfish and stay for seven year catfish ( cont 'd ) nine month BEN and two day . pope they all sleep with one farm girl catfish but she have zero child . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 117 . redfly hold a portable gps show a grid for this location . ecu gps : 5479210 redfly again . ( recite ) fifty four marine catfish stay for seven-nine ~two BEN have one girl . % ero kid pope fifty four marine . CUT to : ext . mejillone central fishing dock -~ afternoon the ocean . the beach . a ratty palm tree . bottle on the sand . it be not exactly paradise . but it will|do . 14 at the end of a long commercial fishing dock , 's pope converse with a local fisherman , who have just step off he trawler . i title over : mejilldne , ' chile . pope ( in Spanish ) ) good afternoon . pope peel off a wad of bill . pope ( cont 'd ) that 's a nice boat . CUT to : int . mejillone pharmacy - moment later BEN slide a piece of paper to the pharmacist . pharmacist prescripci6én ? BEN antibiético . the pharmacist shake he head , no . pharmactst prescripcion . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only BEN put two hundred dollar on the table . BEN Doctor Benjamin Franklin . cur to : ext . mejillone juanito cafe - a hour later catfish , redfly and pope be drink beer in a quaint little joint with outdoor table near the sea . they have shave . look presentable . like sun - burn backpacker . no weapon visible . it 's quiet here . tranquil . peaceful , at last . BEN approach with a shopping bag from the pharmacy . he fish out a iv bag and wordlessly drop it on the table . catfish roll up he sleeve . BEN find a vein , insert the iv into catfish 's arm . then BEN unwrap a fresh thermometer , stick it in catftsh 's mouth . the other guy drink they beer . BEN take a sip . - sleepy street - Bright sun , } - wave lapping} on end dock BEN remove the thermometer . look at it . i BEN 104 . ( to redfly ) be good if he could rest up for a few day . redfly we leave in the morning , as soon as the boat be gass up . ( to catfish ) you can rest on the boat . BEN fish out a pill bottle from he bag and dump the pill on the table . BEN take ‘em all . the whole bottle . catfish scoops up a hand full . two unsavory - look teenager enter the edge of the bar . no more than 13 year - old . local tough . one of they have a pistol stick in he waste-band . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 119 . catfish Three o'clock - BEN Roger . I see they by the pharmacy . redfly let 's go . they get up to leave , hoist they backpack . the teenage tough watch they go . Young face , hard . innocence lose . CUT to : int . mejillone HOTEL room - later catfish be lying on a bed in a small shabby hotel room , recuperate from he massive dose of antibiotic . he look out the window - which have a gorgeous view of the shimmer ocean . he take a sip of water . look at the drip in he iv bag ... it 's almost empty . he’ get up , rummages around the paper bag , tind another ty , and unplug the first one . he screw the , second iv into the needle when he hear : i '' '' - footstep outside hisiroom . the door handle move ! - catfish drop the iv and lower himself to the floor cU : iv needle leak water droplet onto the floor the footstep retreat , fade away . CUT to : int . mejillone HOTEL room - later catfish now asleep in the bed . BEN sit next to he , clean he m4 . CUT to : ext . seaside cafe - night the guy enter a shabby restaurant . empty except for a boisterous table in the back . waiter for dinner ? pope yes , please . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 120 . they sit and look at the menu . the waiter come back . pope ( cont 'd ) cinco cerveza . the waiter leave . a very large man , six foot tall and nearly as wide , dress in sweat - pants and a laker T-shirt , get up from the boisterous table and make he way over to they . this be toro . his tone be high - pitch , childlike : toro ( in English ) I be toro . pope hablo espanol ? toro you speak English motherfucker . what be you guy do down here ? j pope , | we be have dinner - ' not id io toro ; to you do not need to tell I what you be do . I be toro . I know what you be do . fucker ! you need to pay up . tomorrow . '' toro walk away , then think better of it and come back . toro ( cont 'd ) I will buy you dinner ... but you need to pay I . toro return to he table . pope that dude be retarded . catfish definitely something developmentally askew there . BEN reach into he pocket , put a grenade on the table . BEN bring a flash bang . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only catfish we be white guy in the wrong part of the world , that 's all . he figure we have to have money with we . he want in . pope if he follow we in the morning , we will do he in the mountain . CUT to : ext . HOTEL roof - evening BEN be on the roof top with a rifle , keep watch over the street . [ t 's quiet . all clear . ext . mejillone sea ~ dawn as the sun rise over the horizon , redfly and catfish climb out of the fishing trawler and get into a small zodiac . catfish gun the motor - and they fly through the crystal water . ae my '' catfish look ! ee y 4 hod have '' a fountain of water spout hp from the sea ... and then ... not more than a twenty - five yard to they port side , two whale emerge , breach the surface ... so close we can see they blackish , barnacle head and the white fin . catfish cut the motor . they bob in the water , silently , and wait . redfly there ! farther out , the whale re-emerge , two magnificent creature ... then slip away . they wait again . still water . nothing . redfly ( cont 'd ) oh well . they be endangered . redfly stare at the great empty sea . catfish you think about that coca farmer ? 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only redfly ( still look at ocean ) yeah . T go ballastic , do not [ ? catfish you be not yourself . maybe none of we be . redfly continue to stare into the ocean . redfly maybe . cate ish thing be , how much of this do you want to take home with you ? ( peat ) if toro decide he want to be a issue - you need to decide how far you want to go . redfly how tar you want to go ? . iy catfish '' | hey , man , there '' a reason ' they never make , I Captain df anything . but L will isay' this ! - that dude be not worth a bullet . dignity be a finite resource . you get a certain amount in life and once you yse it up , it 's go . 122 . at last , redfly swivel he head to look catfish in the eye . he 's grin . that wild huck Finn grin . Apple pie , with a shot of whiskey on the side . it 's be a long time since we have see he happy . redfly you know who you just sound like ? catfish I know . redfly " dignity be a finite resource . ' he would have say something just like that . catfish totally . I hear the man in my head , talk to I . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 123 . redfly so do I , brother . catfish restart the engine - and they head back to the dock . curt to : ext . mejillone HOTEL veranda - morning redfly , pope , catfish sit at a outdoor coffee table in front of the hotel , eat breakfast . they be not take any chance : they have bring they gun to breakfast . redfly it 's all gass up - 1800 gallon . enough for costa rica . ( to pope ) I figure if we can drive up to the money by 0800 hundred , we should be able to be back on the dock by nightfall . one of the teenage tough from the day before cross the street , approach the table . , ! tt | kid ( in English ) } it you cool , to hang ' out ? | toro want to palk \to. you . | pope ( in Spanish ) sure . should not you be in school ? the kid walk away . pope pick up the radio that they have bring to breakfast . it 's sit on the table . pope ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) Ben - you see he ? possible hostile . BEN be still on the roof , keep watch over the street . BEN o.s. Roger , I get he . ext . HOTEL veranda - moment later a black hummer drive up the street . toro get out . the radio squawk to life . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 124 . BEN o.s. ( over radio ) 1 get the Black hummer . pope ( into radio ) Roger . toro roll up to the table , muscle rippling , sweaty under he puma track suit . vet for all he menace , strangely , he tone be self - pity , plead , as if he 's the victim . he sound like child . a slight lisp . toro you have to give I the money , okay ? pope make there 's some kind of mistake , we do not have any money . toro ( childlike , as if 1 pope be a bully ) ; a stop fuck around man . will } ; : : redfly you know ! what ? for get five thousand right ! here . ( redfly pat he napkin ) that 's all the money we have . what percentage of what we have do you think be fair ? toro no white - boy , you need to give I the money that you take from lorea . as he say this , toro 's reinforcement arrive . two more teenage tough , both carry gun and knive . there be now four teenager watch they from across the street . pope I really do not know what you be talk about . do you ? redfly nope . toro ( with rise menace ) come on ! everybody say I be a bad guy - that I kill people . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 125 . toro ( cont 'd ) toro kill people . toro eat people . itm not a bad guy but - come_on - if you go to lie . I have kid in school too , you know . redfly how much money be you think of , toro ? toro all of it , bro . lorea have like 600 million . you need to give I all of it man . so where be it ? I know it 's not with you . redfly give we some time to talk about this , okay ? we be not go anywhere . two more tough teenager arrive - and take up position at the end of the block , block a avenue of escape . toro I know that , man . you try .to llebve here ? you can not leave herd , bro ! this_is my town ! | not before you give , I : the , money , okay ? I mean . I mean . I be try to be reasonable with you so I do not have to torture you . everybody say toro torture people . but I do not . | I mean , everybody torture people . catfish shoot up in he seat , stand tall , shoulder square . look toro right in the eye . catfish Sir ! this be a lot to think about - can you give we some god damn privacy ! toro regards catfish curiously ... decide he 's okay , and shrug . toro talk about it - think about it . he turn and head back to he car . as he do , three more armed teenager arrive , at the other end of the block . now a total of nine armed teenager surround the man . toro ( cont 'd ) ( over shoulder ) let I know . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only when toro be out of ear shot : catfish redfly how far be it from here to we Zodiac seven mile ? nod . pope ( into BEN ) you have get three at the south end . two at the other end . BEN 0.s. ( over radio ) Roger - I could start at the South side . pope ( into radio ) Roger ~ that 's a good idea . BEN o.s. ( over radio ) ready when you say so . pope | '' | ( into radio ) : alright . - let. I - see ~ redfly Pope , stop . i 1 pope ( to redfly ) - what ? ( into radio ) let we get up first . wait until we be move . BEN o.s. ( over radio ) Roger - hold for movement . pope ( into radio ) then hit ‘em hard . BEN o.s. ( over radio ) Roger redfly stop it Pope - we be not do this . p pp 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 126 . pope what !? redfly we be not kill this kid . pope they be move on we . cate ish bo not you think we have do enough damage already ? pope this be the last of it . T be sorry , it 's horrible , but we do this joker and we be do . we be home free . catfish ( to pope ) kill every motherfucker you come across - that it ? pope yo you can wait on the boat . i | ( to redfly ) L pook a if you be talk about : leave the money - after ) everything we have be through that be flat out crazy . 127 . everyone look to redfly . still , he show . still he call . a beat whi redfly and pope stare at each other . for all they have be through , this be as openly as they have redply '' T for one would like 'to be able to look my wife and daughter in the eye when this be all over . I be pretty sure I duncing a bunch of kid be not high on they Christmas list . ( beat ) guess I would like to see we behave like we should , instead of just do what we can get away with . le they take this be . redfly ( cont 'd ) you tracking I ? ever truly disagree . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only pope I will knock them down . ( more ) weigh the impasse . 128. pope ( cont 'd ) ( gravely ) I be a lose cause anyway . Black mark on a black mark . redfly no , brother - if you pull the trigger it 's the same as if I do it . ( commanding ) talk to toro . see if you can defuse this . pope get up . walk over to toro 's black hummer . cuT to : ext . roof top - continuous BEN dump a dozen smoke grenade from he backpack and start to arrange they within easy reach . ext . cafe - continuous catfish add another packet of sugar to he cup . ' ecu : stir the brew . . '' 7 ' ext . STREET across rie STREET - conrrnuous ' toro watch pope from he humvee . neither anxious nor concerned . he own this town . ext . STREET cafe - continuous redfly eat the last of he breakfast . redfly tasty bean . how they do that ? catfish they soak they overnight . redfly nod , have to remember that . the radio on the table squawk to life . BEN o.s. ( over radio ) ready to roll . catfish 0.s. {into radio ) stand -by black hummer 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only pope turn table suddenly : 129 . pope and duke have reach toro 's truck . pope hey man , we get off on the wrong foot there . toro yeah ? pope we be not the guy you think we be . toro you go to start that again ? pope okay - you get I . so I should just give you something that 's mine ? what do [ get ? toro lot 's not yours , man . you steal it from lorea . everybody know lorea . 1 would not steal from he . . 1 | '' pope , iy the thing be , , we lose most of the money already , we have ! a helicopter crash . maybe ! you hear about that ? toro { . yes , [ do - and I hear you take lt into the mountain . how would you lose six hundred million dollar up there ? pope let I talk to my guy again . back to redfly and shake he head . not work . redfly ( into radio ) hit it . from the roof come a series of soft pfft sound everyone look up to see 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 130 . _ metal canister arcing into the sky , one after another , trail bit of smoke - like dud ftrecracker cuT to : ext . roof top - continuous BEN rapidly load and fire a m7e grenade launcher , send the smoke grenade straight into the air - ext . HOTEL cafe - morning pope ( to ' toro ) you be go to get shot . toro yeah ? - boom boom - the heavy report of BEN 's m4 . the hummer be shred with bullet . - toro leap out just as - ping . 4 , oj - ping. ping ping. the smoke canister land on the ground '' - and explode -| gaghing ! dense red smoke into the street , reduce visibility to a few foot _ the armed kide scramble in the| confusion - and FIRE erratically - — but pope , redfly , and catfish be already nearly inside the hovet , front door , and sprint fast - int . HOTEL — continuous they burst through the front door — hearing heavy gunfire behind they in the street which ls now totally fogge in red smoke . they charge up the stair to they room . int . HOTEL room - continuous grabbing gun , ammunition . redfly go light ! pope ignore he , grab he back - pack , as they rush back out to - 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 131 . ext . the roof - continuous redfly , pope , and catfish burst onto the roof , join BEN . each man cover a corner of the roof . smoke from the smoke grenade now rise up to the roof , as the street in front of the hotel become totally obscure by a red cloud . int . HOTEL lobby - continuous ~ wo other gang member enter the hotel lobby and converge on the reception desk ext . mejillone parking lot across avenida juan jose - continuous while the bulk of the crowd of toro 's guy have re-groupe in the parking lot - roof -- bang on the access door . ext . mejillone parking lot across avenida juan jose — continuous , 24 ‘y oro join he gang in the parking lot | oy . '' toro . they be stillion the roof hommy ! ' you know what they have do to we . we can not let they treat we like this . you know what you 304 be - ext . mejillone HOTEL roof - continuous hear the bang on the access door and see this , redfly direct he team to leap - frog to the next roof -- fhey jump , land - and immediately -- sprint to the next roof -- jump , land -- and run to the edge - -- twenty foot down to a alley -- jump down to the alley and -- spin into the street , encounter at the other end of the street , four kide with ak47 open fire - -- push the team back into the alley . trapped . across the alley 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 132 . they white nissan pick - up truck be park across the street . alley catfish give BEN the truck key . catfish get the truck , Ben BEN why I ? redfly you know why , get the fuck truck ! -- BEN break into a run towards it - - BEN be hit ! shot in the leg . limp , he just barely make it to the truck - int . / ext white nissan pickup truck - continuous _- start it , drive backwards in a fast - reverse , expertly execute a j-turn . we see now that Ben be a yery skilled i , driver . if 1 i poy -- BEN attempt to apply blood clot to he leg as he drive . -- the team pile in and the truck pull onto the MAIN STREET int . / ext white , nissan frontier highway b-268 - continuous speed down the road , dust ciy . BEN snap the wheel and take the truck off road - directly up a sand dune - towards the ocean , tire churn sand . ext . sand dune - continuous charge up the nearly 45 - degree steep hill in a zig - zag pattern . int . / ext white nissan frontier - continuous — Dust buffet the windshield and BEN deftly feather the throttle and steering input , push traction to its limit as the wheel grab - spin - and grab again . ext . sand dune - continuous in a final burst of power , the truck near the top of the dune - then the wheel slip 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 133 . int . ext white nissan frontier - continuous BEN hold ont ext . sand dune - continuous _ — the truck slide to the leave and flip ! onto its side - int . ext white nissan - continuous bed : catfish , hold on in the truck bed , barely hold on BEN move to the other side ! everyone throw themselves to the other side of the truck -— the truck tip back , righting itself and BEN steer down the dune ... move towards the road . ext . highway b-268 - continuous in the distance , toro 's fast approach armada , ' consist of : toro ( and two shooter ) in a / heavily , modifle 4x4 . follow by a red ram , a gray , tundra , | and a dune crawler straight out of mad Max . | ) . i int . ext white nissan - |conrrnuous the truck hit the highway with a hard jolt - -- toro 's vehicle - teeming with teenager , armed , ferocious , stone - now close fast -- BEN gun it , follow the road around the dune -- slide in the corner . overshoot - hit the side of the dune - to cry of '' what the fuck ! " - correct and charge through the turn , as they reach the peak of the dune . ~ everyone leap out . BEN crumple - blood spurting from he leg . BEN help ! redfly turn back , throw BEN over he shoulder . now : the entire team sprint across the dune . ( note : the terrain here be not flat ; it 's wavy - like a ski slalom course : interconnected 5 - 6 foot sand hill that they 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 134 . weave through . [ for you do not know this man , you would be forgiven to think they be insane right now . [t look like a suicide run to cross this terrain under attack ... maybe it be . ) redfly be carry BEN through this sandy maze . pope and catfish follow , run for they life , just as - -- ' toro 's man crest the dune , they see the retreate figure - and OPEN FIRE . ' toro' Pov : tlis target appear in flash , quick glimpsis , as they move through the maze — and then disappear - reappear — disappear . one of toro 's teenager , a kid no more than thirteen , aim a pistol : though a difficult shot to make , it 's certainly doable . ext . sand dune - continuous _- catfish be hit in the shoulder ! he stumble , cry out — -- keeps run . : 's : i '' wl =- sand explode all around they - bullet ihail from every direction -- as they flee 's | , i -- redfly spin toiallow BEN , who be still over redfly 's shoulder , to 'use he grenade launcher and -. BEN drop red smoke grenade pnto the dune - create some cover as the bullet ping and the man -— run and run , ducking behind sand mound , until they come to the edge of a cliff and -- Leap over it , tumble down the steep scree slope , head over heel - ~- hand , foot , face , get bloody from the jag rock as they tumble down -— -- pope be hit ! by bullet from above and he -- pumble out of control . crop he backpack . which go slide down the slope - pope the money ! redfly it 's not about the money , come on ! pope grab the pack . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 135 . pope then why would you do it ? redfly you ask I ! they hit the beach and keep run : -- redfly carry BEN -- pope move as best he can , weaving , stumbling , -- catfish bleed but now fire up at the slope to keep toro 's crew from crest over . -- leg pump across the soft sand as they run , hit the water —- -- huge intake of breath as they dive into the cold ocean Pov underwater : -- face slap into the water ' -- crashing sound of hard swim . > | they churn the water - and pull themselves into they wait zodiac 's inflatable and 1 1 '' dt ~~ BEN gun . the motor ! and they speed through the water , engine roaring | - , | '' i hard CUT to : int . / ext . the trawler - a few hour later the ocean trawler silently cut through the South Pacific . on deck , the man be rest . quietly enjoy the open ocean . tending to they wound . iv bag hang here and there . bloody bandage . on the deck lie a backpack . the one pope drag across the dune , pope dig inside , remove a SMALL black waterproof pelican BOX . Inside the box : cigar . he pass they around . pope be save this . a zippo be pass - the flame waver in the wind - cu cigar : overwhelm by the wind , threaten to be snuffed out - then reignite . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 136 . catfish ( grin through the smoke ) Nice touch . get any booze ? pope better . then pope dump the rest of the backpack on deck . armful of rubber - band wad come tumble out . we watch the cash fall ~ bounce on the deck - and come to a stop on the rough teak . a small fortune . BEN how much be it ? catfish it 's enough . redfly study the pile . redfly . ironhead would want we to give it to ) the vet center . rot | / catfish nod , like the idea . BEN and pope exchange ; a!look . ts that a order ? do they even dare ask ? Long beat as the boat cut through the water . they thought linger on the man leave behind ~ and the life still ahead . pope yeah . he would . let 's do that for he . ( beat ) and maybe we come back - one day — next time take home all the money ? redfly maybe we do . BEN I be game . redply ( smile ) yes , you be . Long beat . as they puff on they smoke . facing the wind . 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only 137 . pope man , [ gotta say , this be hard . be human be hard . redfly give he friend a forgive smile . redfly you know what , brother ? all we can do be try . we pull back to watch the boat glide across the ocean , cut through the wave , push forward , ever forward . they look out . all they have be the horizon ... and each other . the end 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only