tristan + isolde written by Dean Georgaris transcript by chani at tristanandisolde net Britain the Dark Ages the Roman Empire have fall . the land lie in ruin , divide among feud tribe . to the west , Ireland have flourish untouched by the Roman , protect by the sea . led by they powerful and ruthless King , the irish have subdued the briton . know that if Ireland be to prosper , the tribe must never be allow to unite . [ scene show image of mountain . a young boy Tristan hunt with he father for a rabbit ] aragon a year young than I be for my first . tristan when can I have a stag ? aragon a stag ? tristan oh come on ! [ the two walk home through the mountain . Main title appear ] tristan + isolde tristan why would they join up against the irish ? aragon because someone have to stand up to they . tristan you ? aragon I , marke , all the tribe . we can n’t resist alone . tristan I could . [ Castle tantallon appear onscreen ] aragon oh my little warrior . we have to be careful . [ Tristan and he father enter the bustling village ] aragon come home without something for you Lady there will be hell to pay . [ Tristan go to a flower and herb seller ] tristan can I ? [ aragon continue on into town where he be meet by one of he man ] man the angle have arrive my Lord , as well as the carrod , we fellow jute and the saxon . aragon good . with marke , all will be here . man yeah . it be a great day . aragon let we hope so . [ they continue on into town . we see Tristan back at the herb seller ] tristan thanks . [ the boy start to make a bracelet out of the herb . go up to Lady marke he hand she the finish wreath ] lady marke we hear the news ... tristan mother , I make this for you [ Lady marke smile and touch tristan’s face lovingly ] [ in the Main Hall of aragon , the assemble tribe lord gather in meet ] aragon Friends , look at we . [ a map of Britain be show ] aragon the tribe of Britain . divide . weak . just as the irish like we . but if we be one land united , we would out number they two to one . we could defeat they once and for all . that be why we be here today , to sign this treaty of unification . lord but who would be King ? aragon the strongest among we : Lord marke . [ scene of movement outside of the town ] aragon look if you be happy send all of you gold to Ireland , live as slave then by all mean do nothing . baron if we be happy do that then we would never have risk come here . marke Friends . my wife be with child , my heart tell I it be a boy . I want he to grow old in a land where all of we , all the tribe : pict , celt , angle , jute , saxon be at peace . this island have not know unity since the Roman leave . that be why I sign this treaty . wictre and why should we follow you ? marke perhaps , wictre , because you last attempt to form a alliance without the knowledge of half the baron in this room have fail . [ a man burst into the room ] man my Lord ! the irish be here ! [ scene of destruction outside the keep . Inside aragon grab marke ] aragon take all you man . Guard the woman ! marke but you ... aragon go !!! [ more destruction . all the woman and child try to find safety ] lady marke Tristan ! hurry ! come this way . [ more fight . in the main keep the man await the irish ] baron how do they know ? [ the irish break through and a furious battle begin . Tristan try to fight ] lady marke Tristan ! [ aragon manage to hold he son back and put he in a hold under the floorboard . aragon be then kill by morholt . there be more destruction and fire break out . Tristan reach up to touch the floorboard above and find he father seeping blood on he hand . Tristan come out of the hole and survey the destruction . his father and Lady marke be dead . suddenly he be attack by a irishman but marke jump in to save he , lose he hand in the process ] [ '' dunluce Castle . the funeral of the irish queen” appear onscreen . we see a funeral procession . a may hold the young princess comfortingly ] bragnae sheus with the god now isolde , you’ll see she again someday . isolde will I ? henchman morholt return . [ the King leave the funeral ] king donnchadh what news of the treaty ? [ morholt hand the King a scroll , which the King tear up ] king donnchadh good morholt , good [ isolde and bragnae approach a cairn where isolde lay a urn of she motherus ash within a niche ] bragnae you mother love you so much isolde isolde why do she die bragnae ? why ? bragnae it be a ill fever that take she . fever . isolde no . it be she heart . [ '' Castle dor” appear onscreen . a procession of survivor from markeus retinue return home . they find dor in ruin . markeus sister run up to he and cry in he arm ] marke you husband ? [ edyth shake she head ] marke oh sister I be so sorry . edyth : the execution lasted a day . * marke a whole generation of man . edyth who 's this ? marke Tristan . Son of aragon . we’re he family now . edyth I have a son about you age . melot ! melot ! melot , this be Tristan . henchman what shall we do , my Lord ? marke rebuild . [ rebuilding be take place . the youth be practice they swordsmanship . marke be testing he ability with he sword without he hand ] marke do n’t hold back [ marke lose the fight easily . a boy start yell to the other boy ] boy Tristan will n’t fight I ! look heus scared ! marke still will not fight ? general Tristan have the heart of a lion . he just need some time . melot why do you take off you helmet ? you go to cry ? my father die too , but you do n’t see I cry ! edyth melot ! melot run ! find another trapdoor to hide under . coward ! [ Tristan suddenly fight back and beat all the boy single - handedly ] henchman Tristan ! [ Tristan start walk towards the camera . suddenly he be grow up and the town be mostly rebuilt ] sammy Tristan ! Tristan ! we ’ve find something ! come on , this way . melot you will love it . simon I find a trapdoor ! melot you find a trapdoor ? alright Simon , will you tell we all how you find it ?! look at that ! [ the three friend climb down into it ] tristan where do this lead ? melot you’ll see . I like that vase , I think I will have that . I always know the Castle be build on Roman foundation but we do n’t think anything be leave ! tristan must be a burial crypt or something . [ they re-emerge from the tunnel ] melot here we be : the bottom of the keep . tristan who else know about this ? sammy nobody . tristan good . [ they exit the keep ] bodkin the savage have rebuilt the castle at cornwall , only now it 's make of stone . king donnchadh of cornwall next tribute I want slave . Young one . they future . if marke resist have morholt crush he . morholt my King . king donnchadh morholt . morholt I have lead you army to victory far and near . i’v make you rich and powerful . king donnchadh yes you have . you have be most loyal . morholt when I return from cornwall , I be hope ... king donnchadh what would please you ? morholt a wife . [ the cairn appear once again , with a grow up isolde lean on it look out to sea ] bragnae it 's dark in a hour . isolde what do you think be really out there ? bragnae Britannia . the old Roman land . full of evil and grief . isolde I want to see it . do you know what the future look like bragnae ? bragnae I see the life you be mean for . you father will speak with you . [ isolde speak with she father . she be clearly distraught ] isolde be I just a chattel to be trade at you pleasure ? do I have no say in my own life ? king donnchadh you have a duty to you King . isolde you be my father . king donnchadh then obey I , daughter . [ isolde run to she apothecary - like room . morholt come to she ] morholt you father have give you the news ? [ isolde nod ] morholt and you welcome it ? isolde I accept it . morholt you know , we be more alike than you might guess . isolde how so ? morholt I too dabble in elixir . poison from the liver of a puffer fish . just a taste paralysis all the sense . so if the blade do n’t kill ... isolde rendered safe by thistle and bark . [ morholt hold up a leaf ] morholt and you know the antidote for this ? isolde yohimbine . morholt make a hard man even harder . the only cure ... wild abandon . till out wedding day . i’m to cornwall , to deal with rabbles . [ the irish arrive in cornwall and enter the town of Castle dor ] bodkin release they . [ the irish man spread out and start collect cornish man and woman as hostage ] cornish man leave she ! [ he be grab by the irish thug ] bodkin take he there . get a rope . any man foolish enough to interfere in any way shall suffer the same fate . [ a girl rush forward ] girl no! no! please no ! [ the man be hang and Tristan rush forward . he be hold back by the irish man . the cornish hostage be put in a wagon ] bodkin if there be any more attack we shall put we guest to death and raise this entire land . take the horse . [ Tristan confront marke about the irish ] marke when would you strike ? tristan at once . throw everything we have at they . marke they be hope you will do that . on horse they outnumber we two to one . you would lead the man straight to they death . tristan so we do nothing ?! marke donnchadh would like that even more . I to lose face in front of the other tribe . no , we must act . we must be decisive but we can not act alone . [ Tristan and marke enter the hall ] marke so. have the good man of York come to fight with we ? hm ? the saxon of Wessex ? wictre my man do n’t want to follow a pict into battle . let alone one lead a pack of angle and celt . marke then why be you here ? wictre I think Tristan should let I command he man . tristan I make it my habit to follow no one . wictre except marke . tristan marke deliver I from that place when I be a boy . you run . so you can understand that when I think of king I think of he . when I think of coward ... marke they be one day from they boat on the old Roman road . now who will ride out with Tristan to fight they ? lord what be you plan , Tristan ? tristan we will need we two fastest runner . [ the irish and they hostage make they way through a forest . suddenly two of the british jump up and shoot at the irish . half of the convoy follow the two runner ] irish man go around ! [ they continue to pursue the runner on foot . suddenly Tristan and he man spring up from hide hole under the loam and shoot the irish with they bow . the irish be attack from all side and defeat . back at the main part of the irish convoy , morholt clean he blade ] bodkin morholt , they’re back ! [ cloak figure ride in while the camp cheer . suddenly they attack and more british spring from the ground . a battle ensue . morholt begin to kill the hostage , but Tristan spring to stop he . sammy be stab . Tristan be stab by morholt 's poison blade but manage to kill morholt . melot and Tristan run to sammy side ] morholt kill the slave ! tristan Simon ! sammy I do n’t want to die . [ Simon die and Tristan collapse ] man Tristan ! tristan I can n’t feel my leg or my hand . man poison . tristan build a second boat . man Tristan ! [ Tristan seem to die ] melot he shall have a King 's service . [ Tristan be lain on a funeral boat and float out to sea ] melot farewell , Tristan of aragon . death of the irish . [ the boat be set alight by burn arrow . melot turn to the capture irish ] melot when the irish come to cornwall and my father surrender . you spare a dozen out of a hundred . I be even less kind . the leader and 3 shall take this message home . as for the rest ... [ the survive british and the hostage return to dor. marke meet they ] melot Victory . marke Tristan ? melot Simon too . marke do I love he like a son or do I misuse he for my own purpose ? edyth he know . he know . [ Tristan float in the sea , the ship no longer burn . isolde be suddenly wake from sleep and make she way to the beach with bragnae ] bragnae where be we go ? isolde away . bragnae you be afflict child . speak to I ! you father will find we and have my head . you be my charge . please ! isolde I be no one charge ! bragnae you be . and you will be morholt’s Lady ! isolde and live a loveless life like my mam ? bragnae what 's that ? isolde where ? [ isolde run to the beach boat ] bragnae isolde . wait ! don’t ! isolde . don’t ! isolde ! isolde it 's a man . bragnae Dead ? isolde alive ! bragnae help I ! bragnae isolde ? isolde help I ! [ they drag Tristan to a hut on the beachfront ] isolde start a fire ! quickly ! [ isolde check he condition while bragnae try to light the fire ] isolde his heart falter . [ isolde start to undress ] bragnae what be you do ? isolde he need heat . now ! get you clothes off ! quickly ! [ isolde curl up against Tristan while bragnae start to undress ] isolde hurry ! quickly ! smell that ? smell the poison ? when he warm we will need thistle and bark . bragnae I ’ve not be naked with a man for 15 year ! isolde hello . you have be sleep a long time . you be in Ireland . do you know that ? shh ... it 's alright . you be safe here . no one know . do not be scared . just sleep ... sleep . [ Tristan fade out of consciousness ] [ Tristan wake and grab a stone to use as a weapon when he hear a noise ] bragnae nooo nooo noo ! [ isolde run in ] isolde it 's alright , you do n’t need that ! I forget to tell he about you ... bragnae I ’ll wait outside with the other beast . [ bragnae leave ] tristan you say no one else know . isolde sorry ... sheus ... my may . sworn to silence . um ... lie down please . please ? [ Tristan lie down ] isolde it 's good you be remember thing . this might sting . do you remember anything else ? the boat I find you in ? how you get this ? too many question . here keep it dry . here I find bread , you have water and fire . the ocean be outside if you wish a bath . you will n’t know where you be go so please do n’t try to leave . just trust I . tristan why be you do this ? isolde I ’ll be back [ isolde leave the hut and meet up with bragnae outside ] bragnae this be a dangerous game you be play . he’s English , isolde . isolde then we’ve get he prisoner . bragnae under no circumstance tell he you name , you hear I ? not if you wish he to escape this place . do you hear I ? [ back in the irish town isolde and bragnae whisper together . King donnchadh enter and they fall into silence ] king donnchadh you’ve be away . isolde I have notice . yes I have a bit . king donnchadh where ? isolde bragnae and I be spying the convent of brittes ]. king donnchadh seek sanctuary ? isolde some woman need it . king donnchadh you’ll find no refuge in a new religion . you place be here , with morholt . isolde any word of my betrothed ? king donnchadh overdue . but comfort no doubt that you yearn for he . [ the King leave ] [ isolde leave the town to return to the hut on the beach . she see Tristan bathing in the sea . isolde tend to tristan’s wound back in the hut ] tristan what 's you name ? isolde oh , I think it 's better if we do not bother with name . tristan how can I thank you if I do not have you name ? isolde you just do . if you insist ... my name be bragnae . I be a lady in wait at the court . my parent be dead . my mother , she be the source of the kindness you find so puzzle . my father would have leave you where you fall . tristan Tristan of aragon . isolde well Tristan of aragon , I would guess about you too , but I think I have already see everything . bragnae Sir ! I hope you appreciate the risk we be take , and will honour we by leave as soon as you be able . [ bragnae leave ] tristan she like I . she 's right though , you do risk . [ finishes poultice he ] isolde there . what of you parent ? tristan they also die when I be a child . isolde of what ? tristan a different type of irish kindness . isolde sorry . [ bragnae return and interrupt they moment of tenderness ] isolde tomorrow then ? tristan tomorrow . [ Tristan sit outside make a shell bracelet . isolde shortly arrive . Inside the hut the scene continue ] isolde there she who bore you bring you forth . set I as a seal upon you heart , as a seal upon you arm ; for love be as strong as death , tristan ridiculous . isolde I happen to believe what that say . do n’t you think there be more to life ? tristan than what ? isolde something more than duty and death ! why be we capable of feeling if not to have they ? why long for thing if they be not mean to be ours ? well do n’t listen to I . you’re so sure of thing . you’re certainty , it 's like armour . I wish I have that . tristan why would you need it ? isolde the joy of be a lady ? wanting something I can n’t have . a life of my own . bragnae time for sleep now . isolde I ’ll follow you later . bragnae you need to rest . in case you betrothed should want to see you . [ bragnae and isolde leave ] [ Tristan and isolde look out to sea ] tristan you’re promise ? isolde yes . tristan what 's he like ? isolde Dark . tall . nearly twice you size . a absolute gentleman . tristan I think ... earlier when you speak of want something you can n’t have . isolde I do n’t know what I be talk about . [ they leave the shore and go inside the hut , isolde be cry ] isolde outside , just past that bluff there be a boat . that 's how you should go when you leave . you should go soon . [ isolde leave but Tristan go after she . they kiss . Inside the hut they make love . ] tristan how do you feel ? isolde I do n’t know isolde Tristan ! they ’ve find you boat . at this very moment the King himself be scour the coast . he will find you . he find everyone . the tide be come letus go ! [ they drag the boat out to see ] tristan come with I . come with I ! isolde I can’t tristan why not ? please ! isolde Tristan , we’ve both know this can n’t be . we ’ve know this from the start . that do n’t mean it be n’t true . it be . it just cannot be . I want to know that you be alive somewhere think of I from time to time . I want to know that there be more to this life and I can n’t know that if they kill you . please ? [ they kiss ] isolde go ! [ isolde leave to shore while Tristan row away ] [ back at dunlane ] king donnchadh a cornish warrior may be ashore . beware . we seek he as I speak . hopefully it be just he rotted corpse we will find , for he have slain you betrothed . morholt be dead . fall in battle . isolde ? bragnae , comfort she . [ the two leave , the irish henchman , bodkin enter ] bodkin sheus stunne . king donnchadh as be I by she grief . bodkin we should assulat the british straight away . crush they with maximum force . king donnchadh maximum force . like that of markeus tribe with the maximum force you speak of ? I will not confront they again until we number be refresh . until then , we’ll have cun divide they . bodkin of what nature ? king donnchadh a prize , perhaps . [ isolde look out to sea while Tristan sail back to cornwall . meanwhile all the british lord receive a message from Ireland ] melot what 's this about a tournament ? marke donnchadh . he have offer he daughter and the land of lyonesse as dowry to whichever English tribe win . it be a clever way of set we against each other . melot well , the other baron will see through that . [ there be a meeting of the lord in dor ] wictre as baron of Wessex it be my duty to fight in this tournament for my people . marke for yourself you mean . melot and what of the support you promise Tristan ? wictre Tristan be dead . my people have suffer enough . they see the wealth of lyonesse as more real than any alliance . my mind be set . baron and ours as well . marke so be it . [ Tristan ride back into town ] melot you be weary , let I rally you friend . i’ll lead they against D ... marke ah , melot , melot , melot . you be my blood and you be a noble presence but ...... [ they hear the sound of the townspeople call welcome to Tristan outside . everyone rush to Tristan ] guard Lord marke ! he’s back ! it 's Tristan ! man it can not be ! edyth Tristan ! melot I see you dead . tristan I be deliver . marke how ? how ? [ there be a celebration for tristan’s return that night ] marke a toast ! Tristan ! back from the dead . man Tristan . the irish King offer he daughter in tournament to divide the tribe . for the power and the wealth half the tribe have send champion to fight at the ... Tristan ! man God know what happen to he . [ Tristan stare out into the night . the voice of isolde haunt he ] isolde " my face in thine eye , thine in mine appear , and true plain heart do in the face rest ; whatever die , be not mix equally ; if we two love be one , or thou and I . Love so alike , that none can slacken , none can die . " [ Tristan confront marke in the keep with a plan ] marke what ? tristan it be the only way to keep the alliance alive . marke I fail to see how fight with we partner keep we ally . tristan well they be all go to the tournament anyway . by announce you will share the dowry with every Baron that remain loyal and in turn offer to support whomever prevail , the other would be compel to follow you when you win . marke if we win . if we lose we could end up follow wictre . i’d need a infallible champion ! tristan me. marke you be not yet heal . tristan then this trip will be my tonic . I will be ready . I know I will . marke what be the source of this fervour ? tristan let I go and win you a wife . she can make peace without spilling one drop of blood , and maybe heal a wound from which you still lack . [ the british arrive in Ireland . a henchman approach Tristan ] bodkin truce . you have safe passage . [ the warrior enter the tournament arena ] tristan how do I look ? henchman how do you look ? melot where be this princess ? what 's she name ? isolde ? I want to see what she look like . [ Maids attend to isolde as the King enter ] bragnae there . almost do . isolde no , not quite . if I be to be a present I should be fully wrap . [ the King take he seat on the podium overlook the arena ] king donnchadh see how the bee come to the honey . tristan Tristan of aragon . [ he be give a specially prepare tablet ] king donnchadh so he life . bodkin for the moment . wictre wictre of glastonbury . [ he be also give a prepare stone ] wictre I fight with no champion in my stead . know that . bodkin why wictre ? king donnchadh because the baron will never unite behind he . [ isolde take she seat ] melot do you think sheus get the pox ? [ the combatant take they position ] herald since the dawn of time ... [ isolde see Tristan among the group to be fight ] herald ... begin ! [ the battle start ] wictredus opponent make it for real ! wictre what ? wictredus opponent I yield ! man you be great ! [ tristan’s enemy be give a new sword after lose he weapon ] king donnchadh allow it ! [ Tristan win the battle ] melot it be too easy for you Tristan . not much for a third draw . [ wictre and Tristan work through they opponent until they face each other ] wictre mace . melot one more fight Tristan . take deep breath . herald wictre : Lord of saxonberg . Tristan : Champion of cornwall . Warrior : begin ! [ Tristan and wictre fight . wictre be boo by the crowd . Tristan defeat wictre . ] tristan yield ! [ Tristan go before the King ] king donnchadh a impressive victory . of course the man who defeat morholt might be expect to triumph here . tristan on behalf of cornwall , I offer you daughter a place on we throne . the throne of England , united behind one leader . king donnchadh isolde ! perhaps it be just that he who take a husband provide one . [ isolde come forward ] isolde I ’m yours . king donnchadh no. Tristan of aragon have win you on behalf of Lord marke of cornwall . melot letus go . [ everyone disperse ] king donnchadh let they take she across the sea . after the wedding I will disavow isolde , the alliance will crumble . [ the English sail back to Britain with isolde and bragnae ] henchman Tristan . princess want to speak to you . [ Tristan go to meet isolde inside the ship ] isolde you risk you life to give I to another man . tristan you say you name be bragnae . why do you do that ? isolde oh what have I do ? stop this thing . say something . tristan I can not . I win you in my King 's name . isolde but I be yours . you touch I and I yield ... tristan it do not matter . isolde it be the only thing that matter Tristan . leave with I , I will go anywhere . tristan you marriage will end a hundred year of bloodsh . isolde my marriage to another man ! tristan isolde . you will live with this . we must . isolde do not do this to I . [ melot enter ] melot Tristan , we’ve make shore . [ the party enter dor , marke wait for they ] marke what if sheus a hag ? or maybe she will n’t have I ! edyth she will brother . you’re the prize . [ isolde step out of the carriage ] isolde my Lord . marke isolde ? welcome . [ he take she hand and everyone clap ] [ isoldeus wedding gown be prepare . marke put on he metal hand for the ceremony . isolde '' fully dress - float down the river to the wedding ceremony about a decorate ship . she and marke go forward to be wed . there be a celebration after the wedding . as isolde and marke leave the party , isolde approach Tristan ] isolde if thing be different . if we live in a place without duty ... would you be with I ? tristan that place do not exist . isolde I will pretend it 's you . [ isolde and marke retire to they bedroom . Tristan watch they window from outside ] marke you’re tremble . you be far from home and I be a stranger still . but you must n’t fear I . my wish be to make you happy , as a wife .. as a woman and hopefully one day , the fact that I be not whole will not offend you . [ marke kiss isolde and make love to she ] [ marke and isolde stand outside the keep surveying the town . Mark finger she shell bracelet ] marke that 's pretty . do you make it ? isolde it be a present . [ Tristan go to edyth home and knock on the door ] man Tristan ? tristan might I stay here a while ? man of course . [ there be a montage of Tristan and isoldeus life while in dor. finally in the marketplace isolde be feed food by Mark and they laugh together . edyth see Tristan watch ] edyth Tristan ! [ Tristan walk off ] marke I ’ve never see he like this before . isolde perhaps someone he own age should speak with he . [ marke let she go . she find Tristan ] isolde they believe you be distant . they be worried about you . so be I . tristan I can tell . laugh at the market , hold hand , a caress on the neck when he pour you wine . isolde he be my husband . I remember he Kingdom come before my life . tristan yes well , I must confess I think you might find more difficulty in perform you duty . isolde be I not permit a single moment without mourn ? live with this Tristan as you say we must . tristan I live in torture think of this moment . with every look he give you I get sicker and sicker . there be a burn in I , I feel on fire and guilt and I can not get rid of either . do it make you happy to know that ? isolde the Roman Bridge . I can get to it without be see . and I will go there anytime to be there with you . [ all the leader meet in Castle dor to sign a treaty ] marke welcome band of anglia , rothgar and orick . Wessex : kaye and wictre . wictre as you will be King and he daughter Queen , do that mean donnchadh will be come to the coronation . marke it do . on the next full moon , all will attend . wictre a lot can happen in a month marke bear that in mind , and give the instability of we new land I shall be name a second . my sister have raise one , capable of guide you if the need should arise . he be a man of passion , fierce in battle who have learn to tame he heart with he head . I give you Tristan of aragon . [ melot be very upset ] marke for the first time since the Roman , this country stand united . [ after leave the signing , Tristan chase down marke ] tristan I can n’t be you second . melot must be . he be blood . besides , I wish to journey north . marke you no longer sleep at dor , and now you do n’t want to be my second . do you find no comfort in you home ? this stone wall that you help build ? tristan I find this wall a prison . marke why ? tristan everything I want seem misplace . marke ever since you be a boy you sacrifice everything for I . all for one dream . now that you reach that dream , it be natural that you would feel some loss . it do n’t matter if you want to be second . you be . I will only be king if you be my second . i’d put it more gently if I could . tristan then I be you second . marke perhaps it be time that you take a wife ! tristan no ! marke can n’t live alone forever . tristan I can ! [ isolde pass ] marke isolde . I be try to explain to Tristan the importance of loving . it seem he might live without it . isolde why ? tristan there be other thing to live for . duty . honour . isolde but they be not life Tristan . they be the shell of life . and empty one and in the end all they hold be day and day without love . Love be make by God . ignore it and you can suffer as you cannot imagine . tristan then I will no longer live without it . marke good . very good ! come , we will be late ! isolde late ? marke the warrior ride out on the full moon . it be a old ritual . I shall miss you tonight . [ that night isolde sneak out into the forest . marke and he warrior ride together . Tristan leave the party to find isolde . they make love together ] isolde how many do you love before I ? tristan none . isolde and after I ? tristan none . [ while hunt the boar marke fall off he horse ] man Lord marke ! be you hurt ? marke nothing but for my pride . [ Tristan and isolde bid each other farewell . back in the keep there be much dance ] melot Tristan , I need to speak with you . tristan go ahead . melot we have n’t even have a coronation yet to mark tradition . but now he break tradition and scare all the baron by name you as second . tristan I try to convince he you would be better . melot yes well , peace can be just as treacherous as war and I feel that marke do n’t really ... listen to I !!! we attention must be on cornwall now more than ever . tristan I be sorry he do n’t choose you . I be . [ melot approach marke ] melot can I speak to you ? [ marke leave isoldeus side , Tristan leave and isolde follow . they hide in a room be they begin to kiss each other passionately . finish he conversation with melot , marke seek isolde . later that night , marke make love to isolde ] [ Tristan and isolde be out in a forest clear together . it be a old ruin , with painting of a couple on the break wall ] isolde what do you think become of they ? tristan they be life ... just live . isolde I find myself imaging thing in this place . I decorate it . book , a harp there ... a child . tristan would it be he or mine ? isolde I would have no way to tell , would I ? he be a kind man Tristan , I can not hate he . yesterday at the market I see a couple hold hand , and I realise we would never do that . never anything like it . no picnic or unguard smile . no ring . just steal moment that leave too quickly . [ in the marketplace isolde and marke shop . Tristan steal some herb and make a wreath for isolde . he surreptitiously slip it onto isoldeus wrist as merlot and wictre look on ] [ later , marke go to he bedroom but find bragnae wait ] marke where be isolde ? bragnae I do n’t know for sure , she be have a walk in the garden before and I ’m afraid I get tired so I return . it 's my fault . [ bragnae go to find Tristan and isolde who be meeting in secret ] bragnae you’re go to get catch ! both of you ! he 's look for you right now , he’ll see you ! I tell you this would happen ! tristan there be another door here , forget . this come up in the bottom chamber of the keep . isolde I hate this . tristan hurry ! go on . [ isolde and bragnae go down ] bragnae I ’m tired of this . I ’m tired of lie for you . I ’m sick of it . isolde then do n’t . [ isolde go to bed with marke ] isolde there be a serving child , quite ill . do better now . marke I do n’t ask you be you be . you heart be beat so fast . isolde be it ? marke isolde . be there anything I can do to make you happier . I want to make you happy . isolde I ’m fine . [ wictre speak to King donnchadh in secret ] wictre sheus in love with Tristan . they’re intimate . if I expose they it will break markeus heart and he hold on the other baron . king donnchadh how ? wictre with markeus champion in chain , we’ll take Castle dor . you can man you army unoppose . there will be no one defend you in the water . king donnchadh and you price ? wictre I want markeus throne . [ as the King leave he talk to bodkin ] king donnchadh when he throne fall apart , we’ll go over and pick up the piece . [ marke approach Tristan as he look over the town ] marke Tristan ? can I speak with you ? be it possible ... do you think a man blind by love ... be it possible that that man might not see treachery right in front of he ? [ take out wreath ] I find this hide among isolde 's thing . do you think she have a lover ? have she say anything to you ? tristan no . marke perhaps you could follow she . I can n’t ask anyone else . I know . I know what you think '' I ’m act like a child . normally I can read face , but with hers I feel like ... I can not be objective . she 's so delicate . tristan you really love she . marke oh ... I do ... terribly . I do n’t know how empty I be . she sustain I , she thrill I . and when I see this ring , it be a ring of thorns . tristan the ring be nothing . she 's loyal to you . I be sure of it . marke ... if you say so . [ Tristan be torture by markeus proclamation and burn he and isoldeus meeting place . isolde find it in ruin . the irish arrive on ship for the coronation ceremony ] man I count nine tristan if they move they will warn we with a black flag [ the King of Ireland arrive and shake hand with a wait marke ] marke you bring a entourage ? king donnchadh I can let myself be alone in my position Lord marke . but do n’t worry , they will stay offshore . I miss you . marke my nephew , merlot of cornwall king donnchadh and Tristan , slayer of my best general , winner of isolde , defender of the alliance . you be a fortunate man . marke indeed . [ Inside the castle the coronation be hold in Latin . marke and isolde be crown and take they seat on they throne . back at the lookout point the flag bearer be stab by the irish . Dancing happen at the coronation celebration ] marke Tristan ! seem I worried for nothing . wictre May I dance with the Queen , or do Tristan have the next one ? marke that 's right , you have never dance with isolde before ! [ Tristan be push forward to dance with isolde ] wictre a new song for Tristan . slow . isolde why do you burn it ? tristan you know . isolde meet I there in a hour or I ’ll die . [ the dance end ] marke I could still teach you a thing or two , dance be one of they . kaye accuse he now . wictre no , no , no . we’ll have more than accusation . [ Tristan leave ] marke be something the matter ? isolde I ’m just feel a little weary that 's all . I might just go and have a lie down . marke of course . [ isolde leave ] wictre Friends , friend hear I ! we ’ve forget the full moon be n’t it time to ride out ? general no . tonight it cause for exception . wictre but the coronation should uphold tradition , surely it be not to be neglect already ? marke we honour it . in half a night . ride out ! where 's Tristan ? [ everyone leave to hunt while Tristan and isolde race to be with each other ] isolde I miss Ireland tristan isolde , this must end . isolde that 's like ask I to stop breathe . tristan it cannot be . [ elsewhere wictre lead the hunt to where Tristan and isolde be ] isolde please do n’t leave I . please ! [ they kiss only to have the hunt party come upon they ] marke isolde ? there be someone ... no . king donnchadh I see how it be in cornwall . my money be good enough , my alliance be good enough , but my daughter you pass among you lieutenant like a whore ! isolde it 's not like that . king donnchadh I see no relation to I here ! I will see this peace end . wictre you have bring the allegiance to shame . who would fight for this ? [ wictre and King donnchadh ride off ] marke seize he . seize he . melot behold you hero uncle I would have no heroes now . [ further away the irish march towards dor. bodkin speak to King donnchadh ] bodkin they’re ashore . king donnchadh prove you worth . baron if a man can n’t rule he woman , how can he govern a entire Kingdom ? melot he can’t . lord we have suffer peace . baron it 's all be come apart . I can feel it lord you’re right . [ wictre ride up ] wictre there be very little time . fortunately , donnchadh have no quarrel with anybody here . he 's ask I to give you a message . baron what 's this ? wictre it be compensation for the man you will lose attack Castle dor with donnchadh tomorrow . letus be honest , we people need a stronger leader . baron and who might that be , wictre ? wictre melot . too long the able among we have be deny he rightful place . I pledge you my legiance and offer he my service as he second . melot I like this plan . [ Tristan be in chain in the keep . marke come down to see he ] marke I come to apologise . I ’ve be selfish arrogantly think that perhaps i’d give enough . at least enough to merit if not you love then at least you respect . you have a home . a kingdom . why be it not enough ? tell I . tell I ! you do not know what you have do ! everything be destroy , everything ! all because you do not have enough . she 's loyal to you I be sure of it . you bloodsucker . what could it have be have I not stretch out my hand to save you life . how I curse that day , how I curse it . and so be with you defence . then I will go complete you punishment , donnchadh march on we as we speak . [ marke stride away . bragnae catch up to he in a corridor . she bar entrance to he bedroom ] bragnae sheus young . I will not let you harm she ! [ marke move bragnae out of the way and enter the room ] marke how long ? isolde since you think he be dead . I find he wounded on the beach in Ireland . I hide he from my father and I tell he my name be bragnae . so when he come to the tournament at dunluce to win donnchadh’s daughter he do n’t realise it be I . all this time my heart have be he , and I be sorry . he try harder than you can possibly imagine because he love you . [ marke leave the room in silence ] [ merlot and wictre walk through the forest discuss plan ] melot I will coax he out , make sure donnchadh know this . wictre of course , of course . you know as thing move along I suspect they for some time . merlot Tristan and isolde ? wictre you know what I could never work out ? how it be conduct . how she get in and out of dor unseen . merlot the tunnel . wictre what ? merlot the Roman tunnel ! wictre show I . [ a henchman release Tristan from the prison and take he to the riverside where isolde and bragnae be wait with a boat ] tristan what be this ? henchman the will of the King . farwell . isolde I tell he about Ireland . he 's give we we freedom . why do loving you feel so wrong ? tristan get in . isolde Tristan , if I do this . tristan for all time , they will say it be we love that bring down a kingdom . remember we . [ Tristan push the boat away ] isolde Tristan , do n’t ! Tristan ! Tristan ! Tristan ! why ?! Tristan ! [ Tristan run back to dor ] [ at dor they bring everyone into the castle and close the gate . the army close in on dor ] marke get the livestock and fuel undercover . put some archer on the rampart . general all the archer have desert we as have half the household . marke and you stay ? man if you be surprised then they have win already . general come on , hurry ! [ the army gather outside the keep ] king donnchadh burn it . they will be as strong as milk . the seas will unravel we . where be wictre with he key ? [ at the tunnel entrance ] melot it come up to the Roman foundation at the lowest level . wictre this be a godsend ! [ they both enter it and wictre gesture for he man to follow ] [ there be much fight as the force of the irish and traitorous baron besiege Castle dor . in the tunnel , wictre and melot move towards the keep ] wictre what will you say to he ? melot that he will not make any more mistake and that it be time for he to move ba '' what 's that ?! [ the two turn to see wictredus man follow they down the tunnel . melot fight to stop they go down the tunnel but be stab ] [ the enemy force break through the outer gate and be attempt to get into the keep ] man aim for the front of the line marke they be wait . [ as wictre and he man enter the keep from the tunnel below , Tristan enter the tunnel from the forest entrance ] man the irish be inside ! marke follow I ! wictre bar the door make sure no one get in ! [ in the tunnel , Tristan come upon a wounded melot ] melot you . tristan what happen here ? melot a reward for idiocy . a dozen irish have blaze you way . tristan melot , I come to aid marke . melot everyone lie . tristan I do n’t lead they here . melot no , I do . tristan why ? melot I think someone believe in I . tristan it will be undone . melot Tristan '' I ’m for the worms—swear to I that you be true . tristan as we be brother . melot build my boat . [ melot die ] [ Tristan make he way to the keep while marke and he man do battle with wictred ] wictred man they’re here ! wictre keep they back . markeq man wictre . marke he’s try to lower the bridge markeq man traitor ! marke give I you shield , we’re pin down ! [ Tristan attack wictre and he man ] marke Tristan ! markeq man him too ? marke no , heus with we ! [ marke and he man jump into battle , but not before Tristan be stab . Tristan manage to stop the drawbridge fall with he sword . he be again stab by wictre ] marke Tristan ! [ Tristan stab wictre and kill he . Tristan pull the sword from he body as the battle subside ] marke Tristan ! how do you get here ? tristan secret . secret , in the bowl of the keep . marke in the bowl of the keep . man they have reach the palisade . general then we must keep hope . [ Tristan cut the head off wictredus body and slowly stand . marke nod ] [ as the drawbridge of the keep be lower , King donnchadh make he way to the front ] king donnchadh get back ! ha ha ha ! ha ha ha ! [ Tristan slowly step out with the head of wictre in he hand ] tristan behold ! the head of a traitor ! [ marke and he general step out ] marke will you always be little man , who can not see what be and could be again ? there be no middle ground ! so slay we or slay he ! king donnchadh oblidge they . oblidge they ! [ he attack people around he , but be shot in the back by a arrow . suddenly the irish and the british start to fight . Tristan fall to the ground and marke run to he side ] tristan take I out of here . take I to the river . [ isolde come to the battle and be grab by General who drag she to the riverside ] general hurry ! marke bring she . general marke , you must come , the battle need you . we’ll lose everything . marke I must heed they call , I be the King . general we’ve drive they back as far as we can but they be hold we at the throat . general Goodbye my friend . [ marke and he general leave and isolde go to tristan’s side ] isolde know that I love you Tristan . and wherever you go , whatever you see , I will always be with you . tristan you be right . I do not know if life be great than death , but love be more than either . [ Tristan die and isolde weep . we see Tristan and isolde back in the hut in Ireland as she read to he ] isolde " my face in thine eye , thine in mine appear , and true plain heart do in the face rest ; where can we find two better hemisphere , without sharp north , without decline west ? whatever die , be not mix equally ; if we two love be one , or thou and I . Love so alike , that none can slacken , none can die . " [ they kiss ] they love do not bring down a kingdom . legend say that marke defeat the irish , rebuilt Castle dor and reign in peace until the end of he day . isolde laid Tristan beneath the ash of the Roman ruin , plant he grave with two willow that grow forever intertwined ... then disappear . end