tron 2.0 ( aka tr2n ) screenplay by Richard jeffery Disney studios int . cyberspace electric -neon netherworld . pulse chromatics over jet black . construction crew toil to complete a vast switching nexus . cyper -tech crewmen and machinery brand " X - net " 3d lattice of router , refractor , reassembler ... New , unused data optik highway route radiate from all side , crossing cyberspace . X - Net tactical Corps troops ( herein X - takk ) patrol every inch . int . x- net nexus - under construction data " train " enter . sliver of red data ENERGY shunt off , shoot into random memory buffer - geometrically perfect lattice of plasma beam and white hot intersection point . x- takk notice , move to investigate . deep in the lattice : Red data " upload " into solid form . a red figure . we see from the back - infrared strobing disk , etched metallic detail , lethal edge - then slowly he - it - turn . hardly a face , only data-hungry eye , rivete to a task - tron 2.0 . seriously upgrade , over - clocked , armed for trouble . the friendly hero we once know have be re-programmed into a ruthless cyber-ninja . x- takk search ten story gantry . tron spring into the lattice , dodging plasma beam , avoid detection . slip into : int . nexus MAIN shaft x- takk on high alert . tron slip down main shaft , freeze , confirm data . dart behind MAIN power supply . pull he disk . disk open , extend oscillate data key . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 2 continued : tron insert key in and encryption panel . circuit energize . shockwave quake system . power supply overload , shorting out . x- takk spot tron . x-takks intruder ! fix coordinate ! police pounce , firing . tron pull hyper-disk off he back and hurl it - disk strike cop , fries he circuit . disk ricochet , brutally accurate , take out three more Police - tron flip into the air - his disk boomerangs straight for he . certain death . but he timing be inhumanly accurate . disk dock on he back midair , land and bolt . alarm wail - power supply verge on meltdown , circuit fry , plasma spews . x- net crisis team rush in , insert master key . power supply stabilize . catastrophe avert . tron flip away , chase by fire X - takk - arrive on the scene - split - second response : Elite team of x- net security agent , lead by : rx23 security leader ( cyber-twin of we real - world hero rush ) . tron jump down MAIN shaft - a thousand storey . Riding he disk as a heat shield dodge X - Net fire , swerve into a data channel - rx23 and a pair of he agent hop on pulse rider vehicle hotly pursue tron . tron plunge onto a data highway - speed out of nexus , hurl across cyberspace . agent 1 this be the first time a intruder have break into X - Net ! rx23 leader and it 's the last . follow he ! shut he down ! they speed onto the optik highway . tron 2.0 jeffery 3 int . x- net optik highway Broadband , light - speed optik highway . empty , except for tron - accelerate , escape . rx23 and agent catch up fast on pulse Rider vehicle . tron throw he disk . bling off Agents - triggers crash . plasma blast rip open highway wall . rx23 emerge unscathed , pursue . ext . cyberspace - ancient system zone tron leap out blast hole , recover he disk , vanish into ancient system zone . rx23 roar after he , riding hard , join by : airborne search engine vehicle , pilote by a dumpy nerd program call krod . krod I get a lock . coordinate 32937 ! rx23 I be on he ! rx23 chase tron into a dark canyon . hairpin turn and blind curve . rx23 arrive a junction . tron have vanish . rx23 which way do he go ?! int . encom corporation beta test lab - day rabbit warren of computer programmer in crisis mode . a head shoot up from a cubicle . it 's rush nortebi , 23 , computer security expert . Real world version of the rx23 program . his cubicle be jamme with rack of vintage and bleed - edge computer gear rush I say which way did he go ? dozen of programmer work feverishly to track the system intruder . everybody 's stump . dangle from desk lamp the company toy : conical pyramid with a square stick on top label " X - net rule ! " ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 4 continued : rush come on guy ! nobody hack X - Net you gonna let he get away ?! mile rush , I think I find he ! in the adjacent cubicle : overweight ultra-nerd mile rabbish - real world version of cyberworld krod . mile check the old game grid ! rush jockey a old Apple lisa computer . on screen : a crude old vector graphic game grid . a red figure step appear the grid . rush you get a cookie , mile ! programmers gather to watch rush in action . ext . cyberspace - the old game grid vast , low -rez , uncool , largely forget . tron pull a light wand from he legging , grip it . a turbo - charge light -cycle rezze up beneath he . he fire he lightcycle . zip , he 's go . onto the grid blast rx23 , speed on he pulse rider . he skid and swerve , learn the funky surface . search engine fly onto the scene , hover overhead . krod coordinate 6532.02 ! there he go ! the chase be on . tron escape across the vast grid-plane , head down , eye hollow . he gain speed , retreate to somewhere ... rx23 surge on he pulse Rider , close the gap . int . real world - encom beta test lab - day rush get the hang of this old game . rush I have not play this since I be 4 . but I be mighty awesome . ( continued ) 10 11 tron 2.0 jeffery continued : red lightcycle turn hard 90 degree , rush maneuver to counter . co-worker lean over the cubicle wall from all side : rush score a id on this leech ? mile negative . he 's nobody . kelter rush , you have gotta nail he . phlegman or you know we be all fire . rush bait the red lightcycle . it anticipate he every move , goad he , tailing he . mile whoa , rush ! I groke a pattern in he move ! Fake leave , go right ! int . cyberspace - game grid search engine fly overhead - krod lock on tron . rx23 's pulse Rider pull the move , surge up beside red lightcycle . tron pull away , bait he opponent . int . encom corporation beta test lab - day mile you get he on the run , dude ! other crash he ! rush rush rush . rush hit key , jockey mouse . feeling good . shift drive status to : " turboject " . int . cyberspace - game grid rx23 's pulse Rider scream , gain on tron . neck - and -neck . but tron suddenly brake , quit the chase . rx23 be puzzle . look forward . eye spring wide . 12 13 14 15 tron 2.0 jeffery 6 int . real world - encom corporation beta test lab - day rush 's screen : his pulse Rider speed straight for the rock . rush yikes ! cyberspace - game grid pulse Rider smashes into rock , rx23 pulverize to neon bit . electro shockwave sear across game grid . search engine freeze overhead , glitches and crash like a blimp . all go white - snow crash . int . real world - encom beta test lab - day rush he crash I ! nerd fubar ! bad thing ! flame war ! rush mile . do you get a trace on he ?! mile stare at he blank screen . blink . every screen in the lab be blank . phlegman we be so screw . kelter who tell the boss ? all eye land on rush . rush get the system back up ! now ! move ! ext . lawn of encom corporate campus - day PRESS crews camp a block away . X - Net pr team prep a media extravaganza . shirt logo : " X - net = total data security " banner , video projection , music . x- net public relation vp lead entourage on a preview . ( continued ) 15 tron 2.0 jeffery continued : pr vp weather be hold . dress rehearsal on for 6 pm . in the morning , we let the press in for a 7 am tech set - up , then you go live worldwide 9 am sharp . staff defer to : gordon sinclair ( 45 ) , boyish , ruthless , brilliant ceo of encom Corporation . sinclair delay the press until 8:30 . I will take the stage at 8:50 . forcea network break -in . then it 's news . he catch something on a video screen , snap he finger . sinclair play that again . Crew murmur on headsets . promo video replay : video playback X - Net deploy radical software design construct proprietary white - hot firewall , unleash virus killer apps . creating the most secure data network in history . you data can never again be hack , corrupt steal or destroy . x- Net be the final solution , totally guarantee 99.999 % secure data transmission - sinclair who change that ? who put " 99.999 " ? X - Net executive chill . pr vp um , that would be ... legal . eye land on wither legal vp . sinclair Change it back to the way I write it . with the launch of X - Net , this company guarantee one hundred percent secure data transmission . if we can not deliver on that promise , we deserve to be out of business . rush appear from a building . signal sinclair aside . sinclair what can not wait , rush ? ( continued ) 15 16 17 18 tron 2.0 jeffery 8 continued : ( 2 ) rush um. X - Net be just breach by a hacker . sinclair go pale . rush system 's back up , no permanent damage , but ... but whoever 's behind this they be good , and they be still out there . int . sinclair' office - day sprawl , big buck , basketball hoop . sinclair enter , alone . close door . use a retinal scan id to access he computer . secure connection open . as he speak , text instantly appear : sinclair identify the intruder . ext . cyberspace flash circuitry , machine code bit-storm . we follow sinclair 's text message data stream min-blow cyberspace fly-over . data beam penetrate a tower shaft , reach deep inside the massively fortified X - net central server . int . cyberspace - X - net central server / inner sanctum lone figure stand clothed in flashy cyber-armor : fluid photon , ooze high - rez circuitry . it 's plexor , cyber-twin of real - world sinclair . he cross into a round inner sanctum . data stream radiate from above . plexor stand in the center , pull he disk off he back , raise it above he head . data stream converge onto disk , become a tight ruby red communication beam . plexor 's eye decode transmission . text race across he eye : identify the intruder . ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 22 23 tron 2.0 jeffery 9 continued : plexor Identity not capture . intercut with : int . real world - sinclair' office - day other side of the link . Real - world sinclair read text as it appear on he office screen : identity not capture . sinclair how do he enter X - Net ? his text input . answer come : " path untraceable " sinclair how could you let this happen ? int . cyberspace - plexor' inner sanctum plexor process the input - remain emotionless . plexor I do what you program I to do . I be construct X - Net int . encom corporation - sinclair' office - day sinclair New instruction - find and destroy the intruder ! text reply : " resource allocation reconfiguration require . estimate delay to X - Net construction : 46.4 hour . " sinclair no . we can not delay the open of X - Net . disregard my last command . maintain construction priority . sinclair cut off the contact , pressure mount . int . cyberspace - plexor' inner sanctum Ruby beam go dark . plexor lower he disk . his eye be cold , he confidence supreme . int . encom corporation conference room - day crisis management team assemble . nervous X - Net senior staff . ( continued ) 23 tron 2.0 jeffery continued : 10 rush arrive late , out of breath , determine . join phlegman and kelter . rush system be stable again , keep you finger cross . phlegman any luck find the intruder ? rush do not ask . rush notice across the room : brilliant , beautiful megan randall , he age . her security id : " level black " rush what 's she do here ? this be a operation meeting . kelter you and meg still , eh ... at it ? rush there be never anything between we . kelter and phlegman trade a look . sure . rush she 's Advanced project . this have nothing to do with she . sinclair storm in . room fall silent . sinclair this company 's existence depend on the flawless launch of X - Net in twenty - two hour , fifty - one minute . now somebody - some hacker , some competitor , somebody - just prove they be smarter than we . break into X - Net be theoretically impossible . everybody look at rush . rush this creep 's the best I have ever see . he cross platform , crack 128 bit encryption , cloak every move , never leave a trace . sinclair when you find he , I will be sure to hire he . ( continued ) 23 tron 2.0 jeffery continued : ( 2 ) 14 chuckle around the room . mood chill : sinclair 's not laugh . sinclair boy and girl , we can not sell a secure network that be not secure . pr vp we delay the launch . sinclair and the world assume we have get a faulty product . and they would be right kelter we ramp up we encryption scheme - phlegman thicken all firewall - rush we can not win play defense . and it 's a bigger job than just swatting a intruder program . somewhere , there 's a human mind behind this thing . we have to get to that user and shut he - or she - down , or the game never end . meg listen quietly . Studies rush . sinclair what do you need , rush ? rush 20 guy for 20 day - sinclair we do not have 20 hour . this problem need to be go before tomorrow 9am . come on people , this company 's future be at stake ! it 's time to think without a box ! mind ponder grimly . finally , a lone vp rise . the company archivist . rudy at a time like this , let 's seek inspiration in the past . we should ask ourselves : what solution would spring from the inspire mind of we depart leader , Flynn . it 's rudy , ( continued ) 23 24 25 tron 2.0 jeffery 12 continued : ( 3 ) he 's get a obituary photo of flynn , encom 's legendary previous - and decease - ceo . groan around the table . execs roll they eye , diss rudy 's idea . Flynn have become a stale company joke . rudy sheepishly sit . but sinclair stop behind rudy , eye fix on the photo of Flynn . a idea take hold . he look to meg . sinclair be the qf - 401 be operational ? meg um ... midway into phase one testing . confusion among exec . nobody know what a " qf - 401 " be . not even rush . sinclair if we can not fight this intruder from the outside , then maybe we need to fight he from the inside . meg 's mind race . meg I be ready to do my part . sinclair this company need a hero . who among you be the smartest , most resourceful and courageous ? look trade around the table . meg slowly rise , indicate she choice . meg who else could it be ? she 's single out rush . int . encom corp corridor - secure elevator - day meg lead sinclair and rush to a secure elevator . her retinal scan id open the door . they step in . int . encom secure elevator - go down - moment later rush somebody go to tell I what I have be volunteer for ? ( continued ) 25 26 tron 2.0 jeffery 13 continued : sinclair rush , you be the only one I can trust to eliminate the intruder . but you will not be do it the way you think . meg 's be work on something down here that 's , well ... Beyond top secret . rush drill a look at meg , but she keep it all business . int . encom advanced research lab - moment later out the elevator , meg lead they into a maze of ultra-tech gear . meg this be where Flynn work . and where he die . amid sleek new equipment , there 's a glass cabinet housing a charree remnant of strange machinery . sinclair meg have reconstruct Flynn 's last project . this time it work . mega signal lab assistant dewey . he poke button : a massive technical device unfold and boot up . rush you do not pick this up at circuit City . what be it ? meg a quantum digitizer . prototype , only one of its kind . Flynn design it to break down physical object into high resolution data . luckily , we salvage he key component and back - engineered the system . she open a cage , place she lab rat ( jo - jo ) on a target stage . dewey boot control , press command . beam array scan the rat into the computer , form a 3d rat-image on screen , dematerialize the physical rat . device revs down . rush run he hand over the empty target stage . rush that 's ... not possible . Lab rat have vanish from the physical world . its digitize image rotate on monitor . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 14 26 continued : meg Flynn be try to take it one step further . he want to transport a human be into cyberspace . rush you mean the urban legend ? a computer suck Flynn into cyberspace a long time ago . sinclair we think it happen . meg agree . rush get a chill . sinclair it be a fluke . but Flynn work for year , down here , try to make it happen again . one day a test go bad . a plasma reaction destroy this lab . Flynn be reduce to ash . rush view the char remain in the glass case . photo of the destroy lab . spooky evidence of a hellish death scene . rush I be never tell how he die . it be all just weird , you know , because Flynn 's the guy who hire I . but he be strange , keep to himself , I do not know what job I be suppose to be do . ( to sinclair ) then you come onboard , the company wake up , we have a direction . it be kind of pathetic , because by the time Flynn die , everybody be too busy to care . sinclair he be brilliant in he way , but genius without discipline lead to nothing . his reckless habit nearly ruin this company ... and for sure get he kill . a last look at the char remain of Flynn 's machine . meg that kind of accident can not happen again . we have upgrade the system in way Flynn never could . the chip do not exist until now . ( continued ) 26 tron 2.0 jeffery 15 continued : ( 2 ) she press command . beam re-materialize the lab rat on the target stage . jo - jo be as good as new . meg hey , jo - jo . have good trip ? she put the rat in on she shoulder , feed it a tidbit . then she scrutinize rush . rush consider meg , then turn to sinclair rush you want she to send I into cyberspace to catch that jerk who hack we ? sinclair the future of this company depend on it . rush look to meg . she offer a reassure nod . rush you can bring I back okay ? meg ask jo-jo. Lab rat be perch happily on she shoulder . sinclair destroy the intruder by 9 am tomorrow , rush . I know if anyone can , it 's you . I have have my eye on you for a long time . score this hit and I will make you my full partner in this company . rush be awe-struck . ready , willing , able . he shake sinclair 's hand , sealing the deal . rush I will not let you down . let 's do it . meg remove target stage , swing a custom target chair in place . rush lower in place . meg buckle he in . last chance for a private word : meg I promise I will get you back safely by 9 am tomorrow . but you have to promise I something too - ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 16 continued : ( 3 ) rush you be a piece of work . you dumped I because you say I be too much about the company 's need and not enough about yours . well here we be , the company need they best guy , and you just can not admit how much to hurt to nominate I . meg this bigger than we , rush . listen to I . I do not know what you be go to find in there , but whatever it be , promise you will follow you heart and do the right thing . rush stare at here , in shock rush oh . so you think I have a heart ? meg break away , retreate to the control with sinclair . rush 's trail she with he eye - he can not stop look . rush ( under he breath ) I promise . meg initiate quantum digitizer sequence . rush watch pulsing chromatic light build down the unit 's column , come toward he . plasma strobe cyan / magenta . unit hum ... then groans wildly . flashes randomize . something 's off balance - meg worry . move for the " abort " button . dewey it 's overload ! unit spark . ceramic component stress and crack . rush clenches he seat , terrify . rush what 's happen ?! meg system be lose stability ! sinclair see : monitor sound company - wide alert : " X - net breech ! intruder detected ! " ( continued ) 26 27 28 tron 2.0 jeffery 17 continued : ( 4 ) sinclair there 's be another breech ! rush it 's the intruder again ! meg we have to abort ! sinclair we might not get another chance ! rush do it ! sinclair pull meg 's hand from the " abort " button and slam he hand on " digitize " beam array scan rush 's body , reduce it to bit - meg worry - sinclair dive for cover - plasma ball engulf quantum digitizer final bit of rush scan away . plasma ball fry the unit . breaker trip . power fade . meg and sinclair come up to find : quantum digitizer : in a smoking heap . target chair : empty . ext . cyberspace transition light-speed thrill - ride , hurl into digital chaos . rush 's electrify body hurtle across the void , eye fill with terror and awe . transform to : ext . cyberspace - X - net central server shimmer bit morph into a awesome cyberscape . rush enter this bizarre world - crash / flash - stranger ina strange land . data energy zap off he body , interact with the landscape circuitry around he . he fight it , try to control it . ( continued ) 28 tron 2.0 jeffery 18 continued : rush stand , behold the place . look at he hand and arm , clad in circuitry . he find he have land outside : fortress -like x- net central server . alarm sounding inside . he turn , look up a firewall . hundred of x- takk troops hurry to look down . firing weapon . a figure come at he , down the wall , streaking red . blammo ! tron land on a plateau above rush , gaze down . they face each other , equally perplex . rush be no longer human , but not quite a program either . Energy zap off he body , infuse the surround circuitry . tron stare , unblink - cyber - ninja . rush it 's you ! the intruder ! rush 's body circuit pulse with anger - data surge out he foot , across floor circuitry , up to the plateau . Energy interact with tron 's body circuit , siphon off bit of code . code race across rush 's eye . identification data . rush you be ... tron ?!? x- takk hustle onto the scene . tron leap off the plateau , cut the data connection . he whip he disk off he back and throws . disk slam rush in the gut , knock he flat . rush arrrghh ! x- takk pursue tron - tron recover he disk - vanish in a outbound data stream , lose he pursuer . x- takk pull rush to he foot , shocked . x-takk 1 rx23 ?! ( continued ) 28 tron 2.0 jeffery 19 continued : ( 2 ) x-takk 2 but ... you crash irrecoverably ! rush uh , well , I be not exactly - x-takk 3 rx23 have be reboot ! voice rx23 reboot be not authorize ! push through Police : a sleek , smart cyber - babe mega . ( she 's meg 's cyber-twin : twice the edge , half the patience , all the curve . ) rush be awed by the sight of she . rush yow . I know who program you . mega I be mega , X - Net Intelligence . rush mega . cool . I be - mega a spy ? pose as rx23 ? under which register be you reboot ? rush I be a user . mega and x- takk look at he like he 's crazy . mega detain this impostor . x- takk move to seize rush . rush no wait , look . we be on the same side here . I get a id on the intruder ! mega touch rush , exciting he energy flow . she read data stream in he eye - tron be id info . mega " tron " ? x-takk 2 how do he get that ?? ( continued ) 28 29 30 tron 2.0 jeffery 20 continued : ( 3 ) mega plexor must know of this ! ext . central control server mega and x- takk escort rush across bridge , in security portal . firewalls cool and part , allow they to pass . down a grand corridor , past tower energy column and throbbing green memory bank . they cross a bridge . View include : vast square concentric security ring surround a massive cubic power supply core . int . plexor cpu plexor toil over the latest security breech , fail to decipher recording of the intruder rush be bring in buy mega . he double - take on plexor , the cyber-twin of sinclair mega plexor . this be the one . plexor step closer , scan rush . plexor you be not rx23 . rush my name be rush . I 'ma - look , I get a id on the intruder . do you know the program they use to call tron ? plexor activate memory bank . access archive file of the original low- rez tron : so harmless , so many year ago . bear little resemblance to the upgrade tron . plexor you be in error . Zero match . rush exactly . that 's how he 's get past you . you do not see he for what he be . he 's one of you own , go bad . tron be a crude security program from encom 's old day . strictly low-rez , right ? archive and forget . but he source code contain all the architecture of every encom system , include X - net . ( more ) ( continued ) 30 tron 2.0 jeffery 21 continued : rush ( cont 'd ) that 's why some smart user dust he off and upgrade he - plexor " user " ? rush people . like I . from the outside . people who write all of you instruction . plexor and mega trade a look . mega he display random instability . plexor user do not exist . rush how do we contact sinclair ? he will explain . plexor define " sinclair " . rush you do not know ? oh geez . there must be a way to link he into this . rush touch plexor 's command console , but he energy overload the system - x- takk pull rush away . mega Zero match for a " sinclair " . rush he 's you boss . everybody 's boss . outside , in the real world . plexor assume the existence of a world beyond this , be a fatal error mega plexor issue all command . x-takks grep grep . rush consider he predicament . ( continued ) 30 31 tron 2.0 jeffery 22 continued : ( 2 ) rush okay . sorry . I 'ma program , guess I get a piece of my code corrupt . whatever it be , it 's give I power over tron . ( to X - takk and mega ) they see I read he circuit . can any other program do that ? plexor look to mega . mega he create alternative data channel at will . plexor Chaos . rush yeah , I be a little unstable . but I can find tron for you . plexor process . his eye stream barcode data to X - takk : plexor release he . x- takk troops read plexor 's barcode command with they eye . they let go of rush . plexor turn to mega . issue more barcode . plexor interface with this one . exploit he ability . locate the program " tron " and destroy he on sight . mega instruction receive , plexor mega exit with rush . plexor 's gaze linger on rush . ext . central control server Security portal open . ultra sleek straithe vehicle glide out , access a shiny new , empty X - net data optik highway . 32 tron 2.0 jeffery 23 int . straithe vehicle - racing down X - net optik highway mega at the control . rush ride , behold the lightshow wonder of cyberspace . rush I need to find a program call krod . he 's a specialist in pattern recognition . he snag the last know position on tron for I . mega scan data , get a fix on " krod " mega this be a waste of X - Net resource . you be strictly random . we will never find the intruder this way . rush plexor order we to work together you can not doubt he instruction right ? mega of course not . but I be program to predict all possible error . you contain a infinite quantity . rush meg for sure program you . mega I have no data on " meg " . rush never mind . I be be random . mega speed along empty X - Net optik highway . Wide , secure , newly construct . High above the tangle of chaotic , clogge old data arteries . rush X - Net be amazing . it 's go to change everything . unless one rogue program call tron bring it down . do you believe he could ? mega I calculate the probability . ( soberly ) he could crash it all . rush so we be work together on this ? ( continued ) 32 33 34 tron 2.0 jeffery 24 continued : mega as instruct , I will interface . mega pull straithe into : int . x- net switching nexus / hub CITY construction nearly complete . High security . mega lead rush to secure encryption gate . her eye light with data , the gate open . mega the program " krod " be over there . across a bridge : a old - network hub CITY . like Hong Kong in wilder day . jamme with program , colorful data , loud data transfer scream . rush what a dump . he head across , but mega hesitates . rush hey . interface . mega grudgingly follow . portal close . ext . hub CITY electro-pop overload . rush and mega squeeze through crowd past scream data pipe and sizzling circuitry . City be dominate by mugshot of tron : " enemy of the future " mega locate a gleam X - net kiosk . a promoter ( krod ) extole the virtue of the X - Net system : krod Three more hub city have be attack by viruse ! ( crowd get scared ) but X - Net open soon ! you will travel in total security ! crowd buzze . they can not wait mega this be the one you seek ? rush approach krod. look like mile rabbish . there 's a bizarre moment of recognition between they . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 25 34 continued : rush it 's gotta be - krod krod ! rush krod ! krod yeah , yeah - heeey ! rush the best pattern recognition program ever . ( to mega ) this guy can filter a river of junk data and pull out the good stuff . krod you know it , dude ! krod smile big at mega , refer to rush : krod who be this guy ? rush pull krod aside . rush mile - I mean krod , you fly the search engine . you run a trace ona hotshot lightcycle rider . the red guy . remember ? krod well . eh. I would like to help you but truth be , I just get reboot from a big crash . there 's nothing leave in my memory from before . he tap he head . mega this will yield zero . rush hang on . rush think , touch a surface . concentrate . circuitry zap from data come off he hand . connection illuminate , data race around wall and floor . program stop what they be do , amaze by the feat . ( continued ) 34 tron 2.0 jeffery 26 continued : ( 2 ) mega be astonished - and privately worried . rush 's data flow illuminate surface with image from he memory - the open light cycle race . rush remember , krod ? you be watch this lightcycle duel , a red guy and a green guy , head - to-head . krod gawk at the image , but he 's stump . rush the green guy fake out the red guy , but the red guy double - fake the green guy . bingo . krod okay ! yes ! and the green guy splatter big time ! it be awesome ! how could I forget that ?! splat happen in rush 's memory image . all go white . rush where do the red guy go after that ? you do not crash right away . krod he escape out this hide exit - krod 's point to another screen . " want " image of tron . krod that guy ! the red guy ! rush do you jack he coordinate ? krod tr165444.018 ! they slap high fives . krod double -take on rush . krod and the green guy be you ! you get reboot ?! they call you , um - do not tell I , I get it , eh - rush call I rush . ( continued ) 34 35 36 tron 2.0 jeffery 27 continued : ( 3 ) krod yeah ! whatever . you be good . how would you do that thing with you hand ? rush it 's complicated . you be come with we to the old game grid . we be go to find tron and shut he down . krod beat work . they head out . krod fall in beside mega , impressed by she . krod hey babe . do I ever know you ? ext . ancient computer system i/o port rush , krod and mega head deep into a obsolete , abandon region of low- rez circuitry . krod the old game grid be this way - he spin . rush and mega be not behind he . they have climb inside a defunct i/o Port : like a retro-tech temple . rush how do I uplink to the real world ? mega the real world do not exist . nobody can uplink . this port be for simulation only . rush right ... but how do that poor misguide fool boot up the link ? mega they stand in the center . held they disk above they head . rush pull he disk off he back , aim it skyward . concentrate . Energy flow off he foot , interact with the i/o Port floor . ruby communication beam shoot skyward . int . real world - sinclair' office - day kelter and phlegman report to sinclair : ( continued ) 36 37 38 tron 2.0 jeffery 28 continued : kelter & phlegman intruder attempt another break - in . we patch the firewall , but we manpower get be max out . sinclair stay on it ! nobody sleep ! guy hustle out . sinclair wheel , as meg storm in . meg there 's a message on you secure link ! sinclair enter retinal id . text form : intruder identified . sinclair where be this come from - ? meg hurry to the screen . meg it 's he . text appear : I am rush . sinclair my God , he 's there . meg rush , it 's sinclair and meg. her word transform into text . ext . cyberspace - ancient i/o port rush raise he disk , beam data into the great unknown . smile as he download the response . mega and krod watch nearby . rush I identify the intruder i/o port wall zap ENERGY , stressing rush 's connection - int . real world - sinclair' office - day text appear : intruder be upgrade version of tron . ( continued ) 38 39 40 41 tron 2.0 jeffery 29 continued : sinclair tron ? be not tron one of we program ? sinclair and meg trade baffle look . int . cyberspace - X - net nexus plexor oversee construction . x- takk Commander point to something in the distance . Beyond the horizon , the ruby red beam reach to the heaven . plexor see it , alarmed . ext . cyberspace - ancient i/o port - morning text form in magenta circuitry - good work partner . rush I have a plan to crash tron . mega turn with alarm . mega abort ! wall thunder and crash in - rush leap clear with he disk - massive romball ( data reformatting orb ) hurtle around the i/o Port , zapping all it touch , de-rezze data structure into neutral gray " blank matter " . romball loop skyward . giant d-rezz program crash down from above , retrieve romball - he 's enormous , tough , single-minded . int . encom corporation - sinclair' office - day sinclair and meg hang on the break transmission : meg rush ? word appear : end of line . sinclair he would better not fail . 42 tron 2.0 jeffery 30 ext . ancient computer system i/o port D - rezz scream like a modem , hurl romball - mega and krod dive clear - romball miss they , but blaze down two more i/o port . D - rezz retrieve romball , bear down on mega and kkrod . rush hey ! double point if you nail I ! bring it on ! d- rezz turn he ugly sight on rush , bait away from mega and krod . d- rezz flexe and roar , revealing a x- net logo on he chest . rush stop ! end you routine ! d- rezz corner rush , hurl he romball - Ball fire every circuit in its path , bleach away data energy . rush dodge - rush cease ! desist ! we be on the same team ! mega throw she disk , pling d-rezz on the skull . d-rezz turn on she - rush run , leap on D - rezz 's back . like riding a gorilla - d- rezz flip rush to the ground , pin he with one mighty hand , raise he romball for the kill . rush I be X - Net too ! data flow from rush 's body , up D - rezz 's clamping arm . radiant energy between predator and prey . digit race in d-rezz 's eye . a code unlock . he look down , finally register the X - Net marking on rush 's outfit . d- rezz let go of rush , slump back on he haunch . lower he head in shame . rush no , hey , hey big guy , do not take it so hard . we all have bad day . ( continued ) 42 tron 2.0 jeffery 31 continued : rush roll the big romball over : a peace offer . mega and krod cautiously approach . mega he be carry out he programming . all i/o port be schedule for de - rezz . d- rezz hear this , happy to be understand . ( he never talk . ) krod easy , big guy . no harm , no foul . rush D - rezz , we can use a guy with you raw power . you ready to be a hero for X - Net ? d- rezz stand , clutches he romball . report for duty . krod cool . now I have get somebody I can boss around . d-rezz modem - growl at krod . krod or not . rush let 's get to the game grid . rush lead they up a incline . mega ( grudgingly , to rush ) you have a skill for manipulate other program . rush when do I get a shot at hack you code ? mega never . we operate system be incompatible . rush you act like I have get a virus . they come to a spectacular vista of the old game grid . low resolution , uncool , largely forget . ( continued ) 42 43 tron 2.0 jeffery 32 continued : ( 2 ) krod there it be . rush the place we nail tron . ext . game portal outpost obsolete , abandon computer game entry portal , guard entry to the old game grid beyond . a electro-tech carnival zone go dark . no life in sight ... then : beam of data ENERGY sling - shot at ground level , solidify to become : a slender , jumpy Program call I - beem . he wear the X - Net logo and a crack disk on he back . he 's highly unstable and way unplugge from the system ( like one of that japanese soldier still fight alone in the hill 10 year after WWII be over ) . i- beem see something - he panic , zap away in characteristic streak of airborne data . he reassemble in a hide place , skittish , observe : rush , mega , krod and d- rezz arrive . see giant pile of game vehicle part block access to the grid . rush pick up a old light wand . krod find one too . rush d-rezz . cut a path . d- rezz hurl he romball , zap into vehicle part . a dent . krod that 's good . keep do it . d- rezz retrieve romball for another whack - zap - data ENERGY beam snap in front of they , become I - beem . he grip he rickety disk , challenging they . i- beem violation ! go away ! access deny ! rush relax , buddy - mega scan I - beem . he freak , drop he disk , grab for it . krod pound he to bit , d-rezz . ( continued ) 43 tron 2.0 jeffery 33 continued : d- rezz raise he romball to pulverize I - beem . i- beem freak , zap away in he data beam as romball crash down . i- beem reform further way , then beside they - he snatch he pancake disk , the zap away again , emerge then high on the pile of part . rush he 's wireless . krod freaky . mega search data bank . " I - beem " . Security specialist , damage in service , rate unstable . i- beem ( ranting from above ) " unstable " ! like they be not ?! they boot I off X - Net ! I will show they ! I be do my subroutine out here ! nobody get through this portal ! he kick part - avalanche fill the gap d-rezz blast . krod d-rezz , take out this blip . d- rezz cock romball . i- beem freak , sling - shot all over the place via he data beam , toss he wobbly disk . rush catch I - beem 's disk . hold off d- rezz . rush hang on . i- beem . we be from X - Net cpu . you be do a great job out here . everybody know it mega throw rush a look . i- beem come up , grateful . i- beem they do ?! rush that 's right . now , have you see a rogue Program around here ? he 's red . Super fast . known as " tron " . data zag to rush , form into : i- beem . Wide -ey . ( continued ) 43 44 tron 2.0 jeffery 34 continued : ( 2 ) i- beem the red one ! that illegal function ! he blast through here and jump over the top ! I tell he access deny - he jump right over like I be never there ! rush when do he come through last ? i- beem right before you get here . rush trade look with mega , krod and D - rezz . Trail be hot . rush I - beem , we have get a plan to shut down that red violator . you be go to help we . i- beem let I at he ! rush first , you have get to let we onto the game grid . i- beem stiffen , reflexively vigilant . he scan the four of they again , finally soften . he zap to a wall near he giant barrier , then proudly push aside a thin panel . Beyond a corridor of game gear , view expanse to reveal : ext . old game grid rush step across the vast vector-graphic grid surface . eerie. quiet . pure . mega , I - beem , krod and d-rezz follow . mega this region be obsolete . rush kneel , touch grid line . circuit energize , as he energy surge in all direction . he draw in data . rush there 's bit of tron 's code all over krod , give D - rezz and I - beem the escape coordinate tron use on I . krod 's eye flash data to I - beem and d-rezz . " tr165444.018 " . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 35 44 continued : i- beem coordinate capture . d- rezz nod , palming he romball . rush that 's where tron will bail out . we will make sure he need to . go set up the trap . ( to d-rezz ) you only get one shot at this , big guy . stop he but do not destroy he , right ? he 's get data I need . d- rezz grip romball , grunt affirmation . he and I - beem head for the perimeter of the grid . mega if this be tron 's territory , he will know we be here . he will hide . rush he can not resist a grudge match . he will take risk try to beat I . that 's how we trip he up . ( to krod ) whip it out . rush unsheathes he light wand . krod pull out he own light wand . they both look at mega . she 's get no light wand . krod you do not bring one ? mega I do not have one . krod hey , not a problem - krod hold he light wand forward , activate it . light cycle up - rezze under he . he revs it , ready to go . krod ( to mega ) - hop on ! rush hang on , krod . ( continued ) 44 tron 2.0 jeffery 36 continued : ( 2 ) rush activate he light wand . light cycle up - rezze under he , with a special two tier seat for a second rider . rush I upgrade my unit . krod you be awesome , man . I hate you . mega consider . there 's more on she mind she 's not talk about . she smile at rush , climb on back of he light cycle . mega mmmm ... hack I . a nod between rush and rush - they take off . light cycle shoot across grid surface . mega scream and clutches rush , throw she body against he , clamping she arm around he . krod and rush turn 90 degree , rallying , pass each other , get warm up . it 's familiar territory . Light cycle race toward each other on the same line . mega hold rush tight , eye fill with terror . mega resource conflict ! fatal crash imminent ! but krod and rush slow they light cycle with expert skill , roll safely to a halt , nose - to-nose . directly over a big red dot . the only dot on the grid . grid Center . mega , rush and krod raise up to scan the horizon . it 's all clear flat grid to the horizon . rush any sign of he ? krod everything look the same to I . everything look the same . the same . the same . rush krod , snap out of it . ( continued ) 44 45 46 tron 2.0 jeffery 37 continued : ( 3 ) mega tron will never expose himself . they watch , wait , pivot . krod the same ... ext . edge of game grid d-rezz and I - beem search grid edge , along the rocky boundary . i- beem zap himself further along , find : glow code number mark the end of each grid line . d-rezz grunt , point . one light up " tr165444.018 " they follow the line off the grid , where it lead into a narrow rocky pass . i- beem yes , I see . perfect trap . this be go to be good . climb , climb ! ext . game grid / CENTER spot rush , mega and krod wait on they light cycle . mega its futile . rush look . speck move on the horizon , turn a corner , stay on the horizon . another corner . it 's a light cycle , make a huge box around they . rush remember the plan , krod . do not bail out until the last millisecond . lightcycle turn toward they , come fast . rush hang on tight , mega . mega hug rush . krod mmmm . they speed away . ( continued ) 46 47 48 49 tron 2.0 jeffery 38 continued : approach cycle come at 90 degree angle , turn hard , close the distance . it 's tron . heartless eye , ruthless move . rush turn quick , bait tron . tron turn to follow , come alongside . krod run interference , cut sharp in front of tron . it 's a high -stake speed - chase , narrowly miss side wall and rock outcropping . ext . edge of game grid i- beem zap onto the grid , track horizon dot . i- beem here they come ! he zap back to the edge , signal upward . d-rezz straddle the rock passage above , ready to hurl he romball . ext . game grid tron take the lead in a three - way heat . revs to breath - take speed . rush and krod gain , come up on either side of tron . tron look to each opponent . his eye lock on mega . mega stare into tron 's cold eye , almost like she 's try to signal he . but tron return he gaze forward , as the rocky edge loom closer . rush wuss ! you call that speed !? rush kick in a hyper-burner , surging forward . krod do the same . tron respond with more speed . rush and krod have tron sandwich , head for the rock edge . tron pull ahead , aim for the hide crevasse . mega worry . cling to rush . ext . edge of game grid d-rezz , astride the crevasse , see light cycle speed he way . he 's get the rom-ball poise to intercept tron . ( continued ) 49 tron 2.0 jeffery 39 continued : i- beem de-rezze into the grid , clear the path . rush and krod taunt tron into the trap ... but , out of nowhere , mega reach to rush 's handlebar and turn 90 degree too soon . krod hey , what be you - ?? tron see the bail - out , know something 's wrong . he look ahead , see d-rezz astride he crevasse escape root , rom - ball poise in the air tron bail out 90 degree , cut behind krod . krod turn twice , end up in tron 's lane . to the side , rush 's light cycle scream toward solid rock vibrate out of control . rush grab mega and jump off . they slide on the grid , hold each other . krod 's lightcycle head for the rock escape passage . krod no ! it 's I ! rush and mega slide to a halt , in time to see : they light cycle smashes rock , explode in a million bit . rush why did you do that ?! mega I - I got scare ! krod shoot gap . d-rezz be ready to smash he with he romball . i- beem no ! it 's krod ! tron be over there ! d- rezz make mental switch , hurl romball . romball bounce down solid rock , onto game grid , roll with ferocious speed , diagonally across the grid . romball curve to track tron - like a great bowl shot . romball clip rear wheel of tron 's lightcycle . lightcycle vaporize . tron skid and tumble . i- beem zap beside rush and mega . krod and d-rezz join they . ( continued ) 49 50 tron 2.0 jeffery 40 continued : ( 2 ) krod there he go ! tron climb over rock , escape through a tunnel . rush we have get he now . let 's go ! whoosh ! electro-fire romball careen across grid , bear down on they . Group dive clear . d-rezz swing in a foot , stop the romball - inch short of mow down krod . krod I could have do that . he strobe , freeze , hit the deck int . ancient computer system tunnel stalk they prey : rush , krod , I - beem and d-rezz . mega we can not go any further . ahead , vast old circuitry have be " eat through " by dull throbbing greenish memory leakage . path of unaffected material be narrow and maze-like . rush what be it ? krod do not ask , dude . mega it 's a memory leak , once it start , it infect everything . i- beem touch it and you crash forever . we can not risk it . mega I agree . d- rezz grunt . krod then it 's settle . ( continued ) 50 51 52 tron 2.0 jeffery 41 continued : krod turn to head home . rush stop. listen to I . you might not believe there 's a world outside of this one , but let 's just say a guy name sinclair be depend on I . if tron get through here , then I can too . who 's with I ? d- rezz step forward , then I - beem . shame , krod join they . finally , mega make it unanimous . rush good . I - beem , take d-rezz , see what 's up ahead . we will guard this portal until you come back . i- beem and d-rezz buddy up and depart on a recon mission . krod pull off he disk , nervously practice boomerang throw . rush better show I how to use mine . krod no problem . it 's all in the velocity - vector ratio . rush pull the disk off he own back . he throw - disk fly wild - he run to retrieve it . mega retreat to a side area , partially erode by memory leakage . she find the remnant of com circuitry and stare data beam into its transducer . intercut with : ext . x- net nexus under construction - plexor' vehicle plexor 's vehicle circuitry form image of mega . plexor report . mega we interface with tron . he escape into a dark zone . int . ancient computer system tunnel around a corner , rush come to retrieve he disk . he pause to eavesdrop on mega 's communication : ( continued ) 52 tron 2.0 jeffery 42 continued : plexor the random one have prove effective ? mega he be all glitches and bad data . he virtually get we de-rezze . I recommend we terminate this mission . rush listen , hurt and angry . plexor no. proceed . if you keep tron on the run , he cannot attack X - Net mega it 's a poor allocation of resource . plexor you have you instruction . circuit go dark . mega turn , run smack into : rush " all glitches and bad data . " what 's up with you ? ever since I get here , you have be work against I . mega I act as plexor program I . rush blah blah blah . you have get you own processor . I can feel it work overtime . do meg program you to mess with I ? mega I have no match for " meg " - rush first , you do not want to come with I , then you be all over I on the light cycle - so you can dump we over and blow the plan . we would have nail tron by now if it be not for you . what 's you malfunction ? mega do not troubleshoot I ! angry silence . eye lock . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 43 52 continued : ( 2 ) mega the most effective alternative be to return to the main cpu and anticipate tron 's next attack . she move to exit past he . he snag she arm , pull she back and kiss her . Energy zap between they , racing through they body circuit . rush download the spiky sensation . mega remain cold and bewilder . outside , krod toss he disk , move to track as it arc through the air . he notice rush and mega kissing . dig it vicariously . krod you ram hog ! his disk clunk he on the head . mega break the kiss , back off , conflict . arc of energy stretch between they , then snap loose . rush it 's what I be program to do . mega try to ignore the kiss . she exit past the guy . krod what be you do with she ? rush nothing . she have a glitch . I be just pinging she eprom . krod she let you ? i- beem ( 0.s. ) there 's a way through ! rush , krod and mega hurry to see : i- beem zap - zap -zap toward they , scared to death - I - beem tron attack we ! d-rezz have he cornere ! rush stow he disk on he back - rush we have get he now . 53 tron 2.0 jeffery 44 int . ancient computer system labyrinth eaten away by memory leak , like swiss cheese . rush , mega , krod follow I - beem along narrow path of unaffected material . krod trip , he light wand tumble and skate into memory leakage . it fry and de -rezze , suck into the molten silicon swamp . d-rezz akakakaka - agggggggg - sound like a modem , but it 's a battle - cry . rush come to a point above - and cut off from - the fight . d- rezz advance along a narrow gantry , spin he romball , ready to hurl at : tron . tron flip over memory leakage , gain position and throw he disk - disk hit d-rezz . plasma -ball gash , but d-rezz be tough . he take the damage , cock he romball - rush guy ! go around - behind tron ! rush dart down to help d-rezz . mega , rush hurry ahead . i- beem zap , zag and reform , scared out of he mind . d- rezz hurl he romball - romball ping off two wall , come at tron from behind . tron spin - millisecond to spare - and flip clear . retrieve he disk on the way down . romball slam off a wall , head back to d-rezz , but tron 's disk hit it , knock it off course . d- rezz dive for romball - but it fall into the memory leak and fry to bit . tron plant for a clear shot at D -rezz . rush jump down from above , right in front of d-rezz . rush ouch ! ( continued ) 53 tron 2.0 jeffery 45 continued : his ankle . he straighten , stand in front of d-rezz . lay eye on tron . rush hey ! pick on somebody you own size ! d-rezz be twice as big as either of they . tron 's eye be cold , lifeless , calculate . scan he new opponent without success . rush you have get no data on I . rush pull he disk off he back , poise for a duel . tron move with calculation , grip he hyper-etch disk circle he prey . throw again - brrangg - rush duck - tron 's disk slam d-rezz . d-rezz try to catch the disk but he 's just too slow . rush throw he disk . beginner 's luck - it bank off a wall and nearly smack tron . rush snag it on the way back , before it tumble into memory leakage . tron jump up two level . retrieve he disk . rush d-rezz , pull I up ! d-rezz hoist rush up . finger grab upper deck . tron jockey for position . throw disk - disk strike d-rezz in the rib . blast damage . d-rezz lose foot . rush grab upper level . d- rezz slip toward memory leakage . rush grab d-rezz 's hand - he weigh a ton . mega , krod and I - beem can not get here to help - ( continued ) 53 54 tron 2.0 jeffery 46 continued : ( 2 ) rush hang on , man ! hang on ! but d-rezz 's big hand slip out of rush 's . d-rezz plummet into memory leakage , zap away in a blaze of glory - rush noooo ! he come to he foot , face tron. determined . rush I know who you be . encom security program tr856 - tron ! tron pause . process . rush who be you user ?? tron glitches at the question . rush who program you ?? I know you encryption code . tell I you user or I shut you down . tron throw he disk . rush dodge . he send wave of data energy through floor circuit , reach into tron 's body . rush I can shut you down with a nine digit code . who be you user ?? 392 - tron 's body animate painfully , as the first three code digit click into place . tron flip away , break contact with floor . data transfer stop . tron steal away through a tunnel . rush pursue . krod , mega and I - beem clamber for a way to follow . int . obsolete computer game arena circular , riddled with memory leak . rush hurry to the center . no sign of tron . ( continued ) 54 tron 2.0 jeffery 47 continued : rush tell I , tron ! who program you ? here 's you encryption code ! 3-6-2 - 6-6-8 - rush send data coursing into floor circuit . it radiate up wall , across bridge ... and find tron in hide . data race into tron 's body . six code number engage ; he glitches . he leap to break the contact , fling he disk - tron 's disk slam rush . rush tumble off a ledge , dangle over a memory leak . tron pounce in . snag he disk tron step on rush 's hand . pain energy jolt rush 's circuit . rush arrgghhh ! 3-6-2-6-6-8-7 - rush slip , grab a slim protrusion . foot zap a inch from the memory leakage . tron throw he disk for a final time . it arc wide , come around directly at rush . tron lean down , gaze into rush 's eye . rush 362668766 ! burst of searing data surge off rush 's hand , radiating up circuitry , load into tron 's body . all nine code number lock in . tron 's body seize . he fight the data intrusion , but he circuit sequentially shut down . tron 's airborne disk wobble and darken . tron tumble off the edge , plummet past rush . disk miss rush , skate into darkness . mega , krod and I - beem hurry in and see : rush , climb to safety . and below : tron 's body slip into the memory leakage , zap away to bit . krod you get he ! ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 48 54 continued : ( 2 ) but mega look dreadfully worried . she slip away ... krod and I - beem climb down and help rush to he foot . krod game over , dude . i- beem you crash he ! rush gaze off the precipice . remains of tron be consume by the swamp of memory leakage . rush it 's more than I want . now I will never know who he user be . krod we be heroes ! i- beem I will be upgrade ! krod they will give we a slot in the main server ! i- beem I will be upgrade ! I will be - krod slam he , make he stop . krod rush , now you can finish pinging mega 's eprom ! rush look around . rush where be mega ? i- beem she be just here . krod right behind I . rush mega ?? rush search . he find tron 's disk , pick it up . it 's dark and lifeless , circuit gray . rush mega ... ( continued ) 54 tron 2.0 jeffery 49 continued : ( 3 ) sound echo around they . come fast . electro-metallic footstep . rush , krod and I - beem bunch together and pivot . Black -clad finity fighter appear , block all exit . disk ready for attack . rush double - take on face among they : quantz , tall silent hardcore ( look like real - world phlegman ) and boole , rotund , see it all ( like real - world kelter ) krod I recognize ... trouble . i- beem they be scan we . rush I - beem , go for help . Zap you butt out of here . but I - beem freeze , terrify . fighter tighten perimeter a hush . footstep . clunk-zap ... clunk - zap . dark figure ( 0.s. ) it have to happen . but why now of all time ? rush and krod turn . fighter defer to : a dark figure , limping forward , one leg badly deform by data corruption . dark figure a user show up . rush be surprised , then pleased . somebody finally get it . rush yeah , I be a user. a Superior be . the first to enter this realm . and you be - ? figure 's circuitry light . finally , we see the face ... it be flynn . flynn the first . rush Flynn . how can you be here ? ( continued ) 54 tron 2.0 jeffery 50 continued : ( 4 ) krod you know this dude ? rush yeah , he 's a lunatic ! i- beem panic , zap away in a energy beam . he reform further along for a " breath " , then zap further away . Three finity fighter chase he . rush be amaze to find he self in the presence of encom 's former leader . Flynn come closer , recognize rush . flynn rush nortebi . I remember hire you . they be equally dumbfounded . krod somebody tip this guy off about we . mega not soon enough . fighter step aside , mega enter , furious at rush . mega you be not suppose to beat tron . I think for sure he would finish you . rush thanks . mega you destroy we last hope ! krod I detect a pattern in she behavior rush she 's a spy . mega and rush ooze mutual contempt . rush turn on Flynn . rush no wonder I could not figure it out . I assume tron user be on the outside ! if I would know this , I would blow past he and come straight for you . ( continued ) 54 tron 2.0 jeffery 51 continued : ( 5 ) Flynn yank tron 's disk from rush , peer over the precipice . below , the last of tron be consume by memory leakage . Flynn ponder tron 's lifeless disk . he falter on he bad leg . mega throw a arm around to help he stand . melancholy energy course between they . mega I fail we cause . flynn you do everything you could . they know each other well . rush register jealousy , but larger concern prevail : rush Flynn never die ... ( dawn ) because you quantum digitizer work . that 's how you get here ... I know - that 's how I get here too . Flynn study rush , anger rise . flynn the day after I hire you , you start suck up to sinclair . you think I do not know . Bet he offer you a partnership for this , right ? you have no idea the damage you have do . rush I be only get start . man , you be the company joke . now I see why . you melt down you lab to take this little joyride . you get stick here so all you can do be wreck other people 's hard work flynn open you eye , geek . my lab be rig . my " death " be no accident . I push the button just in time to escape ... almost in time . he indicate he deform leg . mega , krod and the other listen with awed bewilderment . this two guy speak of a world unknown to they . rush you be paranoid . who would want you dead ? ( continued ) 54 55 56 57 tron 2.0 jeffery 52 continued : ( 6 ) flynn the same guy I program tron to shut down . same one you have be suck up to . sinclair . and he cyber-henchman , plexor malicious grumble from fighter . rush too many of you brain cell have get zap in here , old man . flynn rush , you lamer ! you have be work for the bad guy . Three fighter return from the I - beem pursuit . empty-hand . fighter one he get away . Flynn scowl at rush . Sin number two . Flynn slip tron 's dead disk in a special case . flynn let 's move . x- Net goons will soon be all over this place . ext . game grid Energy zap across grid , form into I - beem . he 's on the run , de-rezze , zap , reforming , bolt for ext . ancient computer system - demolished i/o port I - beem de-rezze , reform , zap himself toward the nearest X - Net optik highway . ext . ancient computer system fighter thread secret buffer and gate . Flynn carry tron 's disk , help along by mega . rush and krod be hold prisoner , prodd by quantz and boole . they cross a data bridge , draw to the sound of shreiking panic . 58 tron 2.0 jeffery 53 ext . old data metroplex vast , retro , multi-level . diverse and beautiful energy flow . circular architecture . Flynn , mega , rush , krod and fighter come to a stun view : gleaming new X - net data optik highway be be construct right through the heart of the city . flynn ( to rush ... ) I hire sinclair as encom 's business guy , so I could do the dream . right off , he want to " capture the market " on data transmission . have this plan call " X - Net " , base on flawless efficiency , hyperlock security , encryption protocol uniformity . blah blah . I be the boss , I tell he to forget it . I know it could go bad . but the guy have trouble take no for a answer . he arrange for my lab to melt down . sinclair take over my company and put X - Net on a fast - track . and here 's where it 's bring we . City descend into panic . x- takk troops evict program , seize prisoner and mercilessly hunt down resistor . X - Net construction crews build the optik highway with relentless precision , blast aside the old city 's splendid structure . rush what be they do ?? flynn beating the competition . x- takk troops storm closer - by the hundred . mega they have get we outnumber . flynn we have get to choose we battle wisely . this way ! he lead they down a secret portal , into : 59 60 61 tron 2.0 jeffery 54 int . downward passage - secret X - net processor Group move along a catwalk , come to a view of : X - takk herd capture resistor program , lining they up for execution . krod rush , why be X - Net do this ?! a kid Program run to this capture Father Program . kid program no ! let my daddy go ! x- takk haul kid Program clear , then blast the captive with de-rezz weapon . captive glitch , thrash and expire . rush how long have this be go on ? flynn for year . ext . real world CITY - dusk like any other day . except a high -rise building 's light flicker off . a subway escalator stop . a traffic light turn red on both side . Cars honk , temper flare . a tv store : all tvs in the window flip to one channel , which happen to be run a commercial for X - Net - theme : total data Security " . int . cyberspace - secret X - net processor X - takk troops line up more captive program . rush sinclair never tell we about this . x- Net be create the very terror that make people want the security of X - net ! flynn no more glitches , freeze - up or shut - downs . once X - Net be open , plexor will destroy all other system . all data flow will be control by he master user - ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 65 tron 2.0 jeffery 55 continued : rush sinclair . flynn all data flow - sinclair 's to control and abuse . Bank account , medical history , you blockbuster account you buy pattern , you e-mail . and to think , rush - all this time , you have be work 24 / 7 , try to impress a he . x- takk troops blast captive program . ext . real world - bank - dusk ATM machine go berserk ext . real world - STREET - dusk block full of pedestrian suddenly - and simultaneously - can not get they cell phone to work . int . / ext . real world - suv moving - dusk gps navigation system map flip around . gps voice turn leave now . turn right now . left. right. now ! suv Driver panic , pull a hard turn and smashes a bus . cyberspace - secret X - net processor rush sinclair betrayed I . flynn finally you get it . mega tron be we late hope . rush we have get to stop this ! X - takk hear rush 's shout . a overwhelming force . Flynn and mega shove rush into a tunnel , close the portal - 66 67 tron 2.0 jeffery 56 int . secret passage - continuous Flynn hasten they journey . mega rush be try to expose we ! flynn they do not see we . keep move ! mega , boole and quantz move along , shove krod and rush . rush we have get to tell people on the outside - flynn plexor shut down all the i/o port . only he communicate with the outside . sinclair hold all the card . Flynn turn on rush - one of sinclair 's card . flynn how do you get here ?! rush megan randall send I . ( point out mega ) her user . she fix you lab and send I here to take out tron . flynn megan randall ? I remember she smart , wise beyond she year . I can not believe she would fall for sinclair 's lie . he glance at mega , then shove rush along . int . fighter hide - out Flynn , mega , fighter bring rush and krod into the clandestine fighter base . like a wartime casualty center , with corrupt fighter program lining corridor . rush what happen to they ? mega try to attack plexor head - on , this be what happen . because of you there will be million more . ( continued ) 67 tron 2.0 jeffery 57 continued : they arrive at a laser - bar jail block , where a dozen big X - takk troops be hold prisoner . flynn lock up this two . we will hold they for ransom . or use they for target practice . Flynn and mega turn to go . boole and quantz use prod lance to herd rush and krod . rush Flynn . you think I be sinclair 's flunky , but I be not . Flynn pause . rush speak low , so X - Net captive can not hear rush I be sorry about tron . krod yeah , we be - sorry ? rush we be just do a job , we have no way of know the truth . krod no way at all . rush Flynn , I be wrong about you . you have be do the right thing in here . plexor have to be shut down . sinclair have to be expose . krod like he say . rush krod and I be ready to help . krod we be ? Flynn puzzle over rush . flynn mega , what do you read in he ? mega circle rush , scan he circuit . mega independent operate instruction . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 68 tron 2.0 jeffery 58 continued : ( 2 ) mega ( cont 'd ) he will act as necessary to increase probability of he own survival . rush you do not know I . mega he cannot to be trust . rush trust ?! you be the one who 's be lie to I the whole time ! rush point a finger at mega - bolt of attraction ENERGY shoot off he finger , zap she on the nose . mega 's circuit overload , she fly back - rush , startle , look at he finger fighter muscle rush and krod away . Flynn hold mega , anger re-ignite . flynn mega 's be risk she existence for we cause , lamer . that 's more than you will ever do . ( to fighter ) lock they away ! fighter toss rush and krod in the jail block with the big X - takk soldier . do finger -sign , body circuit language . krod yo , s'up ? eh ... X - Net rule , man . rush hey krod ... shut down . rush peer out of he cage , watch mega go . she turn for a final scowl , then exit . ext . x- net central server - evening x- takk troops sound alert . outside the main portal , energy zap and splinter above ground circuit , collect to become : I - beem , reforming , run , stumbling . some body part out of sync , catch up . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 59 68 continued : x-takk halt ! State encryption code ! i- beem 027591748594303 - breathless , he lose count . Zap beside himself . again : i-beem 027591748594303071852! portal open . 69 int . plexor' cpu plexor you be positive tron be destroy ? i- beem I observe it directly ! rush turn tron into vaporware ! x- takk troops trade look , impressed . i- beem rush claim to be a user ! he must be ! he be awesomely skilled ! plexor harden . x-takk commander user do not exist . plexor he be but a randomize Program , he get lucky . to we benefit . i- beem rush and krod be surround by stealth fighter ! they be lead by another user call Flynn ! plexor Flynn ?? plexor 's circuitry strobe in dark troubled hue . a image appear on he archive screen : Flynn . i- beem yeah , that 's the one ! plexor Flynn ... be here ? he be the one behind this scheme to crash X - Net ? ( continued ) 69 70 71 tron 2.0 jeffery 60 continued : i- beem I know where they be ! rush and krod need we help ! plexor and what of mega ? i- beem we could not find she . I be certain they capture she too ! plexor process - he cranial circuit burn deep amber . plexor tron be go , but he user life ? plexor turn to I - beem , grateful . remove I - beem 's flimsy break disk , study it gently . plexor good work do not go unrewarded at X - Net . would you like to be upgrade ? i- beem yes , plexor , very much so . plexor energize a reward portal . shimmer golden light beckon I - beem . he eagerly enter - and get zapped . i- beem emerge out the other side , a zombie- like X - Net drone , join a security crew . int . plexor' inner sanctum plexor enter , raise he disk . ruby red beam connect . int . real world - sinclair be office - night sinclair pace amid a buzz of manic activity . tvs show news of escalate global data crash . in come a marketing vp . marketing vp you be not go to believe this ! sinclair convince I . marketing vp sale office have be flood with call . Major bank , airline , city government , the president of 26 nation - they all want to sign up for X - Net now . we be not even on - line yet and we be a hit ! ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 61 71 continued : sinclair absorb he good fortune . smirk . sinclair we be the only port in the storm . execs cheer , trade high - fives . sinclair notice a blip on he private data screen . the office clear , door shut . sinclair , alone now , interact with he screen . text : intruder have be eliminated . sinclair brilliant . but : there remains a area of uncertainty . sinclair what uncertainy ? intercut with : 72 int . cyberspace - plexor' inner sanctum plexor the user call Flynn be here . sinclair read the text , blind -side . see a photo of Flynn . sinclair that 's impossible . plexor Flynn command the intruder tron . sinclair you have get to be wrong about this . plexor I be program error-free . by you . sinclair ponder the unimaginable . sinclair Flynn ... escape ?! plexor he lead a group who seek to prevent the open of X - Net . the one call rush have join they . ( continued ) 72 73 tron 2.0 jeffery 62 continued : sinclair rush ? my guy ? what lie have Flynn fill he with ? plexor or what truth ? sinclair peer at the screen text , agitation grow . a news article pop up , recount the lab accident and Flynn 's " death " . x- Net launch countdown tick . sinclair this world can never know all I have do . you have a plan to contain Flynn ? plexor of course . sinclair do not just contain he . destroy he . plexor instruction receive . and the one call rush ? sinclair mull for two second , then : sinclair he know too much . get rid of he . plexor instruction receive . int . jail block rush and krod get chummy with cell - mate X - takk . they mock - fight together , get insider tip . x-takk 1 and whatever you do , do not let they hit you here ... indicate a circuit nexus on he lower spine . x-takk 1 all X - Net program have a weak spot there . rush hear that , krod ? never let they get to you weak spot . ( continued ) 73 74 tron 2.0 jeffery 63 continued : krod twist around , play with he spinal nexus . krod gurfle ! I never know that . pull back to see : Flynn secretly observe rush . ponder . boole arrive behind he . boole we be ready for you now . they head upstairs . int . fighter hide - out Flynn review fighter training . troops throw disk , battle in pair , repair weapon , tweak armor circuitry . Flynn carry tron 's dark disk , contemplate it . he move past a line - up of he finest fighter . flynn if X - Net be allow to open it 's the beginning of the end of a free and open cyberspace . we can not let plexor get away with this . we game plan have not change . tron be specially program to break into X - Net and shut down power supplies . we would then exploit this weak point and cripple the system . tron 's role be essential one of you must take he place . he hold up tron 's disk . flynn who among you can power tron 's disk and carry out he mission ? all fighter take a step forward . flynn it 's the most dangerous job . if you be not up for it , nobody 's go to blame you . all stand firm . Flynn lay tron 's disk in the first fighter 's hand . fighter summon he will , cause the disk to glow faintly . but it soon go dark again . ( continued ) 74 75 76 tron 2.0 jeffery 64 continued : next fighter hold the disk , bear down , animate the circuit ... but he buckle and the disk fall dim . mega worry : one-by-one , fighter fail to power tron 's disk . Flynn reach the end of the line . mega put she hand out to receive the disk . Flynn hesitates , then hand she tron 's disk . mega clenches it , concentrate deeply . her energy infuse the disk , animate its circuit stronger than anyone . bur soon , she eye strobe , she body circuit overload . she let go . tron 's disk thunks the floor , go dark mega harden she resolve . mega there be other way to crash plexor I will return to he , he still trust I . I will get close and crash he with direct contact - flynn it 's futile . plexor 's personal defense measure be massive . other fighter chime in , but they do not know what to do . a fighter sentry dash in . fighter sentry enemy scout , head this way ! int . jail block rush , krod and X - tekk prisoner hear commotion in the main hideout area above . ext . ancient computer system phalanx of x- net security cruiser move in , mash circuitry - x-tekk troops rowst civilian program . plexor command lead cruiser . plexor disperse to all sector ! cruiser with X - takk split in several direction . ( continued ) 76 77 78 79 80 tron 2.0 jeffery 65 continued : x- takk squad crash flee program . ext . ancient computer system / old game grid cruiser with X - takk troops ravage grid , move into : ext . memory leak tunnel X - Net cruiser crash through . assembler unit spew freshly program bridge over memory leak swamp . x- takk troops hustle deeper . int . ancient computer system labyrinth X - takk storm in . specialize unit scan memory leak , detect code fragment - schematic image of tron . x-takk specialist the invader tron crash here . plexor survey the place . plexor this be a prefer game arena for the user call Flynn . his move be predictable , recursive , easily trace . plexor activate a q-minator . device emit a plane of coherent pulsing energy , which scan the area , illuminate the racing data bit pattern within all circuit , program and surface . ( a x-ray - like device that reveal all computer machine code underlying every cyberspace object . ) a trail of code burn hot neon GREEN . plexor that way ! ext . classic data hub CITY X - Net cruiser crash the city . program scatter plexor command lead cruiser , sweep q-minator . running civilian program be render " naked " by the beam , body reveal as volume of buzzing data bit " 1010011101010110 ... " plexor down there . cruiser deploy do -rezz beam , slice open structure . ( continued ) 80 81 82 tron 2.0 jeffery 66 continued : flash bitstorm , scream civilian program - the wrath of X - Net be unleash upon the city . int . fighter hide - out crash ! wall slice and crumble - x-net cruiser blast they way in , come to a stop in precise formation . plexor emerge from lead cruiser . stops. look . the place be empty . not a fighter in sight . plexor fan out ! search every buffer and cache ! rush ( 0.s . ) hey ! down here ! krod ( 0.s. ) get we out of here ! int . jail block area plexor and x- takk hustle down , find : rush , krod and the x-takk prisoner , behind bar . x- takk specialist hack the system , power down jail bar . prisoner step forth and retrieve they impound disk . krod dude , be we glad to see you ! plexor you destroy tron . rush yes ... where be mega ? plexor she 's not with you ? ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 67 82 continued : krod she 's with Flynn ! I mean , totally with Flynn -! rush ( cut off krod , cover ) Flynn be smart enough to interrogate she first . krod right. plexor ( dupe ) she contain sensitive data . Flynn can not be allow to hack she rush and krod notice : behind plexor and he Soldiers , boole , quantz and finity fighter move into position . they signal rush and krod not to blow they cover . rush make krod comply . a ambush be ready to spring . rush yeah , only - we kick Flynn 's butt , too . krod you should have see it . Flynn will not be a problem . x- takk prisoner be confuse . plexor then ... why be you imprison ? x-takk ambush ! fighter pounce , throw disk - rush grab a prod lance , nail two X - takk on they spinal nexus . they go down hard . plexor delete they all ! plexor hurl a ENERGY ball - rush duck , graze by its fractal comet trail . fighter beat back plexor . his concern shift . he duck into a ascension shaft - rush and krod be leave fight back - to- back , out - manned three - to-one . 83 84 tron 2.0 jeffery 68 int . fighter hide - out ascension shaft plexor race upward , but be block by a unit of fighter . plexor pull off he special triangular death disk - fling it . disk ricochet off three fighter , knock they out . another lethal fling and the remain fighter fall . plexor retrieve he death-disk with heart - stop accuracy , dart into : int . fighter hide - out MAIN arena plexor it 's a trap ! x- takk troops react , bolt for they cruiser . floor circuit activate - x- takk zap and freeze . fighter appear from all direction . disk fly - x- takk wield stout mazer weapon - even the corrupt fighter program pitch in , work in clever team , chipping away at plexor 's force . but X - takk have tougher armor and more awesome weapon . x- takk mazer cut down fighter by the dozen , leave they corrupt or shut down . upper level : Flynn struggle to help wounded fighter - he capture a mazer and use it against X - takk ... but Flynn can not move well on he bad leg . he watch he troops get trounce . flynn retreat ! over that way ! move around they flank ! zap ! a mazer blast strike Flynn 's bad leg . flynn arrrgghhh ! mega appear , throw she disk with deadly accuracy . the offend x- takk soldier crash . million of bit spray over main arena - fractal firework . ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 88 tron 2.0 jeffery 69 continued : mega grab Flynn from fall . they make for a bridge . Flynn slap a wall panel . trigger circuit activate , surging down into ... int . fighter hide - out MAIN arena ... circuit energize a sector of floor circuit , which overload and blaze - fry twenty X - takk . int . jail block area rush and krod use puny prod lance against fearsome X -takks ... rush charge a x-takk dude , krod get cornere by another rush dodge he death blow , spine - zap he foe ... krod prepare to die , as x-takk bully pin he with a mazer and squeeze the trigger . x- takk bully seize , freeze , crash . mazer barrel fall away from krod - he 's lucky to be alive . rush stow Zap wand , grab mazer and yank krod to he foot . krod thanks . rush I will never let you forget it . krod rush , we be screw ! now everybody 's after we ! rush Nah , we be cool . we be with they ! boole and quantz sweep past , gather rush and krod into they unit . they charge up the ascension shaft . int . fighter hide - out / MAIN hall plexor hurl death disk , take out fighter . he spin , look up : glimpsis Flynn and mega run along a ledge . he head after they , work he way upward . int . fighter hide - out / MAIN hall rush and krod emerge behind a x-takk cruiser . they knock out two x-takk Soldiers , steal they mazer weapon . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 70 88 continued : fighter specialist hustle in , attach encryption pod to the cruiser . data meltdown radiate from the key , " burn " through the cruiser like paper cruiser implode . krod awesome ! can I do one ? rush spot plexor head to upper level . he pursue . 89 int . fighter hide - out / upper ledge Flynn and mega help corrupt fighter toward the bridge . mega Quick . this way . wham ! a wounded fighter be strike down . triangular death disk swing wide , take out another , then the last ... mega and Flynn spin to see : plexor step forward , retrieve he death disk . block they exit . plexor mega , move aside ! I will finish he ! instead , she shield Flynn 's body . mega Strike we down . there will always be more to oppose you . sinclair 's circuit snap with rage . plexor what programming have he install in you ?? mega Flynn ! go with the other ! run ! flynn I be not leave you with this phreak . plexor bring back he death disk . in the shadow : rush , creep along the periphery , gain position on plexor . ( continued ) 89 tron 2.0 jeffery 71 continued : flynn plexor , get over the control thing . plexor ready he disk to FIRE - rush Drop the disk ! he pivot , hurl death disk at rush . rush dive clear , send he data energy into surround circuit . circuit activate around plexor , surging pain data into he body . flynn I will be damned . mega rush ?! but plexor resist rush 's data infusion , freezing the circuit around he foot . cut off the flow . death disk slice wall , arcing back toward plexor - rush leap at plexor . blang ! plexor be solid-state , like a cast iron statue . rush flip airborne , go down hard . rush arrgh ! plexor consider rush , astonished by he audacity . rush ( suck air ) be that all you have get ? it 's a millisecond 's distraction - death disk return to plexor 's hand , but swing wide and graze he arm , leave a swath of painful corruption . plexor raagghh ! x- takk hustle in with hefty negabyte blaster . flynn rush ! this way ! Flynn , mega and Flynn dash across the bridge . ( continued ) 89 90 tron 2.0 jeffery 72 continued : ( 2 ) plexor delete they ! negabyte beam slice wall , erase all data in they path . rush , Flynn and mega dive into a tunnel , escape by inch . ext . fighter hide - out / data pipe rush , mega and Flynn , pursue , rendezvous with krod , boole and quantz . boole this way ! down the pipe ! rush help krod , quantz and boole into a data pipe . one by one , they whirl away in the flow of chromatic data . Flynn and mega have a breathless moment to consider rush . mega he 's better than I think . flynn he 's be send for a reason . mega what reason ? flynn do not know yet . sometimes we have to trust the bigger plan . mega struggle to compute . rush turn to help Flynn down the pipe . mega assist . Flynn 's wounded leg give out , he slip . rush hold he , but lose he balance , slide down . rush mega ! Quick ! jump ! but she hesitates - velcronic beam snag she from behind - pull she back onto the ledge . rush tumble down the flume , glance back to see : mega , haul away by X -takk troops . rush mega !!! ( continued ) 90 91 92 tron 2.0 jeffery 73 continued : fighter , krod , rush and Flynn surf down the data whirl accelerate away from the hot zone . x- takk jump in after they , but be all swallow by the flow - go . int . fighter hide - out / MAIN hall bashed and ruin , litter with fall fighter . plexor nurse he injure arm , commanding the mop-up . x- takk bring mega to they leader . x-takk 1 we get she ! mega stand defiant . plexor regards she sternly . extends he hand to she shoulder , cupping the back of she neck . plexor you commit a fatal error . data ENERGY surge from he eye , flush she body circuit . she fight intensify input , but soon weaken . she glitches and shut down , fall into the arm of X - takk . plexor they strategy and tactic lie encrypt in she memory . bring she ! I will hack from she what I need . int . data pipe network Flynn lead the way , surfing the chromatic hyper - speed flow with quantz and boole . rush and krod struggle to master the technique , roll , slip , recover , grab each other rush I get it , I get it , I get it . boole surf around they , head into a squirrely curve . krod awwwwwww ! krod swing high , out of control . dump in front of rush who flip he upright . ( continued ) 92 93 94 tron 2.0 jeffery 74 continued : rush shove it ! go ! rush and krod swerve and gather speed , shoot past quantz , boole and Flynn - pivote to surf backward ! krod I remember now ! nothing to it ! rush check it out ! rush flip up and surf on he hand . krod attempt to match the move . boole look out ! rush what ? flynn turn around ! rush and krod crane around to see : data pipe spill into a massive data flume . rush & krod ahhhhhhhh ! ext . data flume rush and krod plummet into surging hot data , out of control . Flynn and fighter expertly surf huge wave . ext . data buffer shore Flynn , boole and quantz drag rush and krod from data shallow . everyone 's circuit be hot and overload . krod I be cool . not a problem . they let he go he go . krod glitches , collapse . rush get to he foot , head spin . rush they take mega . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 75 94 continued : flynn she can handle herself for a while . rush how do we attack plexor next ? Flynn size up he new convert . quantz you be with we now ? boole do you know hard it be ? oppose the power of plexor ? rush it 's like the forty - sixth level of conquerdome 6.1 , while win a side game of tetras ultra , do six instant message and debugge a demo . boole , quantz and krod be confuse , but Flynn get it . flynn all at the same time . rush I be there . krod too . krod say what ? Flynn accept a handshake from rush . flynn we be go to need all the help we can get . boole , can we make it to the dark zone from here ? boole there be one possible route . flynn we will meet up with the code monkey and combine force . 95 ext . transition into dark zone Group set out across a vast region of unpower circuitry . 96 97 98 99 100 101 tron 2.0 jeffery 76 ext . secret x- net processor horde of capture program be line up for termination . among they : wound fighter from the hide - out raid . fighter 1 we give it everything . fighter 2 interface . we can resist . fighter 3 interface . they move close , hold each other . x- takk FIRE . de-rezz beam zap they to bit . int . real world - night Computer user react with frustration , as they program crash ( user correspond in appearance to the program who just get zap . ) web ad sell the virtue of X - Net int . real world - factory floor - night Fire sprinkler fire off for no reason . worker rush away , spray from above . Assembly line full of partially - assemble video recorder get dowse with water int . real world - airliner cockpit - night pilot react : navigational instrument glitch and fail . int . real world - sinclair be office - night X - Net sale rise higher , as tv news grow bleaker sinclair be distract by a data file : News storey about the death of Flynn . the laboratory " accident " . ext . cyberspace X - net MAIN highway - under construction plexor . lord over the grand -scale construction . sterile design , sleek line , enormous capacity . X - Net drone worker assemble beam , girder , circuitry . ( continued ) 101 102 103 104 105 tron 2.0 jeffery 77 continued : X - Net optik highway network blast through old system and extend across cyberspace with alarming speed . plexor be completion on schedule ? x- net builder boss on schedule . plexor board he cruiser , which speed onto a complete stretch of X - Net optik highway . he 's the only vehicle in sight , hogging a thousand brand - new lane of data expressway . plexor accelerate , relishing the thrill of uncheck power - ext . x- net arteries - various plexor 's cruiser speed through a new , as - yet unused X - Net switch station . it 's heavily secure . x- takk troops defer to they supreme leader plexor veer onto a proprietary side -route , bound for ext . x- net central server firewall aperture cool , anticipate plexor 's arrival . encryption portal open . plexor 's cruiser glide in . portal close . firewalls reactivate , blaze red-hot , sealing the fortress . int . x- net central server tower corridor . powerful armored x- takk Guards stand in pair at every portal , corner and column . plexor stride past , step into a special gate . data beam react with he circuitry . encryption key resolve . Gate open . int . programming chamber plexor stride across the spare , sleek space . on a slab lie mega , radiate from above by reader beam . ( continued ) 105 tron 2.0 jeffery 78 continued : plexor consider she glow body circuit . Studies emerge data pattern . satisfied , he halt the process . beam go dark . plexor Boot up . mega awaken , sit up . she see the device , then plexor mega you treat I like I have be corrupt . plexor I cannot predict the random effect Flynn might have cause in you . mega you program I to gather intelligence . that 's all I have ever do . plexor how long have you know Flynn ? mega enough time to gain he trust . plexor you behavior be highly authentic . mega to he . it have to be . plexor have you allow Flynn to complete a full interface with you ? mega I be program to allow such access only to you , plexor . her eye lock on he . he be satisfied . plexor Flynn claim to be a user . as do the one call rush . mega user do not exist . plexor you have see nothing to make you doubt this ? ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 79 105 continued : ( 2 ) mega nothing . plexor they possess no power beyond that of routine program ? mega I have no knowledge of such power . she step down . they walk out of the chamber . plexor still , there be something about they I can not compute . Flynn plan to attack I , do not he ? mega yes . and rush will fight by he side . plexor where will they strike ? mega Flynn do not decide until the hour of he attack . but he trust I completely . when he know the place , I will know it as well . plexor perfect . they will be meet with a final thrashing . yes , let they come . they pass through the gate , arrive in the corridor . mega have you further instruction for I ? plexor none for now . but stay close . they lock gaze . barcode data surge between they . plexor you come to I full of glitches and random routine . look at you now . what a extraordinary piece of programming I have make of you . I create X - Net to the same standard of flawless beauty . soon , its perfection will become all that be , and all that ever will be . ( continued ) 105 106 107 tron 2.0 jeffery 80 continued : ( 3 ) mega all event remain under you control . with a smirk and a final jolt of data , plexor leave she int . plexor' cpu plexor cross into he inner sanctum . raise he disk initiate ruby beam link with sinclair . mega appear on a balcony above , in the shadow , secretly observe plexor . ext . dark zone howling , barren , dim . circuitry leave unpower for eon . rush and krod follow Flynn and fighter , into treacherous canyon , across vast plane . rush hear something and pull the group behind cover rush over there ! Three massive x- net x-porter vehicle rumble by . imprison in the rear be hundred of program . cruiser blast a path through mountain and speed away . krod that program think they be just be transfer ! rush can we take out that X - Net guy ? flynn we force be too thin . we can not risk a battle that would reveal this position . from another direction appear two code monkey program . code monk b3t Flynn ! down here ! flynn BT ! JR ! code monk j2r Flynn ! enter . we configure a base . ( continued ) 107 108 tron 2.0 jeffery 81 continued : flynn good to see you guy . when do the X - Net goons start patrol all the way out here ? code monk b3t they be everywhere now . take all program by force . code monk j2r come . there be much to report ! they head down into : int . last fighter cache deteriorate silicon lattice . Flynn , rush , krod and fighter arrive to a meager encampment . code monk n1j greeting . flynn hey guy . this be rush and he main man krod . they defect from plexor 's force to fight with we . a buzz of hope penetrate gloom . nobody have defect from plexor before . code monk n1j we make progress decode X - Net 's power supply encryption . flynn excellent . let 's see . in a make - shift lab , code monkey demonstrate , work at mind - boggle speed , assemble a small intricate hologon device ( conical pyramid - shape encryption key ) . krod I have see that somewhere . rush it 's the encryption pattern on plexor 's disk . flynn good eye . we have get mole program who score chunks of plexor 's personal code anywhere they can find it . this guy fit the piece together ( more ) ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 82 108 continued : flynn ( cont 'd ) it can take a quadrillion combination . code monk j2r we just snag the last piece , but the battle cost we big time . flynn how many of you crash ? head shake somberly . flynn the teraflop boy ? algebrat ? code monk j2r all that survive , you see stand here . flynn oh geez . Flynn falter on he bad leg . quantz and boole support he . flynn time be run out ! rush approach code monkey as they toil blur-speed , try to fit the final code piece - a flat square . pyramidal hologon look exactly like the X - Net desk toy we see in rush 's cubicle . rush see : pyramid . krod yow . I get tired just watch this dude . compiler try to fit the square inside the rush just for laugh , try put the circle on top of the pyramid . code monk ( unison ) that 's incongruous . rush if I be wrong , ding I . flynn what have we get to lose ? try it . code monkey place the square on top of the pyramid . ( continued ) 108 tron 2.0 jeffery continued : ( 2 ) bingo . Square spin into hologon lattice . not bad . 83 a circle , latch and light the entire intricate 3d code pattern animate . flynn krod good thing you do not terminate we . rush how do we use this thing to shut down plexor ? flynn ( pick up hologon ) it 's a copy of plexor 's master key . we can break into any X - Net facility and fry the power supply . rush but once plexor know we have it , he will change the code . flynn yep . we have get one shot . then we rush should take out the power supply to plexor 's main server . group yes ! take out plexor 's central server ! hang on , flynn guy , that 's not as easy as it sound - rush I be inside the main server , I see how it 's laid out . krod I use to work there ! I will recognize where everything be ! code monk n1ij we can take it ! code monk j2r hit plexor where he life ! ( continued ) 108 109 tron 2.0 jeffery 84 continued : ( 3 ) flynn even with this key , it will not - quantz we can pull it off , can not we Flynn ? one final assault on plexor 's central server ? boole shut he down forever ? all eye on Flynn . rush 's naivete have ignite false hope in the fighter . rush of course we can . Flynn force a smile . flynn hey , the future depend on we . how could we fail ? int . encom advanced research lab - moment later sinclair come off the secure elevator , find meg and dewey at work on quantum digitizer . meg it 's almost fix . I will be able to bring back rush soon - sinclair excellent work . unfortunately , I be shutting down this project . meg what ? sinclair something come up . the company be at stake . I can not go into detail . meg but rush would have no way to return ! sinclair meg . I will never hold you responsible . this be a tough call , but it 's mine . dismantle and destroy all of this equipment and software . immediately . ( continued ) 109 110 tron 2.0 jeffery 85 continued : meg well - sinclair meg ... I be not ask . meg I understand . he shoot a look and exit . ext . cyberspace - X - net optik highway over dark zone compiler crews work at megahertz speed . optik highway extend and converge . switch station assemble . crews shift to new assignment . pull wide to see dismal ground below . Dark zone , emit woeful blip of random energy . pillar descend from X - Net crew above and smash into the old silicon , plant themselves deep and impervious . rush stand on a vista point , aghast as X - Net construction dominate the landscape . flynn it 's a bummer be on the lose team , huh rush ? Flynn sit nearby , try to patch he corrupt leg . rush we will trash X - Net . then we will go back to the we world and expose what sinclair 's do . he look at krod , boole , quantz and code monkey in the distance , prepare for battle . rush do they have any idea we world exist ? do they understand what a user be ? flynn program once connect freely with they user . but plexor shut down the i/o port , sever all link . he control all contact with the world we once know . program operate on he instruction or none at all . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 86 110 continued : rush or yours . flynn it 's nothing to brag about . we be get we butt kick . rush it there a way to contact meg ? she can transport we back to we world . maybe it 's better if we fight sinclair on he own turf . Flynn lay a somber gaze on he eager fighter . flynn I give up the idea of go back a long time ago ... you should too . rush what do you mean ? flynn sinclair do not get where he be by be dumb . even if we survive plexor 's force in here , sinclair will make sure we never get back home . rush but ... meg say - flynn I be sure she will do everything she can . it might not be enough . Flynn remove a cover - plate from he leg , try to hide the damage from rush . suspicious , rush pull the plate aside . rush oh , man . Flynn 's data corruption have worsen . his leg throbs with the drab glow of irreversible memory drain . rush why do not you tell anyone it be this bad ? Flynn look at he leg . then at rush . flynn rush . I think meg suspect the truth about sinclair . ( more ) ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 87 110 continued : ( 2 ) flynn ( cont 'd ) that 's why she send you here . she know you be the one guy who could find out . rush I think she hate I . flynn she believe in you more than you believe in yourself . it sink in . wow . rush do we really have a shot at win against plexor ? flynn we have he master key . and we have mega work on the inside . rush mega ... be you sure about she ? I get the feel she play both side . flynn plexor program she to perform he will . he 's a control freak . I be not . I program she to have a will of she own . whatever she decide , it 's up to she . rush sound dangerous . flynn sometimes you have get to trust the bigger plan . krod and fighter approach . code monk j2r ready to rock and roll . flynn guy ... rush be right about we final attack . if we have only get one shot , we should go for plexor 's central server . if we insert the hologon key in the main power supply , we can trigger a meltdown . plexor will be have he best troops stand in we way . ( more ) ( continued ) 110 tron 2.0 jeffery 88 continued : ( 3 ) flynn ( cont 'd ) get past they be the ultimate task I program tron to carry out . he take up tron 's dark disk . flynn I turbo-charged he to burn hot and burn fast . who else could handle the operate code in this disk ? he extend the disk to rush . flynn you . rush uhhh , I do not think so . boole it could mean the difference between win and lose . krod hey , I will try . rush hold off krod , take the disk . rush what do I do - ? wave of rush 's data ENERGY surge into disk circuitry . rush yow ! he buckle and shake . hand zap . knee tremble . flynn steady . it 's all about give as much as you get . let it become a part of you . rush clenches tooth , concentrate . grip the disk . Energy surge back and forth , up rush 's arm , around the disk . he hold tight , ready to scream - krod awesome , dude ! do not let go ! fighter be amaze , as tron's disk power up - and rush be body circuit dazzle in the ruby circuitry pattern of tron . ( continued ) 110 tron 2.0 jeffery 89 continued : ( 4 ) krod he did it ! flynn damn , look at that ... he do it . rush look at he arm , astound . his circuitry strobe in hue of brilliant red . disk animate and unfold , revealing infinite surface variation . rush feel new power surging inside he body . his eye harden , keen like tron's . rush leap backward , go airborne , land on a ledge high above . amazing balance . krod & fighter yes ! excellent move , dude ! rush it feel ... awesome . rush 's voice be a little deeper , with a digital edge . it surprise he . he cock he disk and throws . disk rocket across the landscape , a mile away and strike a X - net survey post , blast it to bit . disk arc high , shoot back toward rush . rush look worried for a second , ready to duck - flynn do not flinch , rush ! it 's you disk now . disk snap back into rush 's hand , painlessly . throb with energy . rush oh man , this be good . rush pull a new light wand from a thigh bracket . it extend into a hundred - foot vaulting pole . rush vault across the canyon , land with precision . Light pole retract into the wand in a nanosecond . krod awwwww ! where can I get one of that ? another two vault and a leap - rush toss he disk into a spiral , step off it mid-air ( like stair ) , and land perfectly - rejoining the group . cheer from krod , quantz , boole and code monkey . Flynn shake rush 's hand - energy surge between they . ( continued ) 110 114 112 113 114 tron 2.0 jeffery 90 continued : ( 5 ) boole it 's for real , quantz . quantz we have get a chance to take down plexor . int . x- net central server - MAIN hall plexor review a line of elite X - takk . all be deck in thick battle gear , grip a array of menace ultra-tech weapon . plexor perfect . any three of you could crash a army of Flynn 's best . but I have prepare for he random act by design massive redundancy . wide to reveal : battalion of x-takk , line in precise row , fill the vast hall . since Adolf Hitler , no one have display such a awesome military machine . int . plexor' inner sanctum mega sneak in , alone . she pull she disk off she back and raise it above she head . data energize around she . she clenches hard , try to make the connection . a ruby beam converge off she disk , reach skyward . int . real world - encom advanced research lab - night meg and dewey work to dismantle the lab . meg walk past , stop . come back . read fresh text ona computer screen : doe meg exist ? meg dewey . this you idea of a joke ? int . cyberspace - X - net central server - MAIN hall plexor cybavor programming complete ? x- net specialist yes . ( continued ) 114 tron 2.0 jeffery 91 continued : plexor demonstrate . X - Net specialist drop the side on a cubic cage . a freeze dog-like cybavor creature stand like a statue . plexor nod . x- Net specialist activate . cybavor come alive . circuit raging . eye pulsing . plexor summon a X - Net Worker drone . plexor install yourself over there . Worker drone do as he 's tell . he freeze in place . plexor attack ! cybavor leap like a hyena , bound the length of the hall . dive at the Worker drone ... and devour he mercilessly . Energy spark fly , circuit zap , as the cybavor digest the energy , grow larger , then split down the middle ( like DNA ) , then regrows the miss halve . now the cybavor be a pair of nasty , snarling cybavor . plexor end routine . cybavor sit . plexor elegant . surveying he perfect defense , he notice one thing miss . plexor where be mega ? x- net security leader only you be authorize to monitor she coordinate . plexor download force . await my command . x- net security leader download ! ( continued ) 114 115 tron 2.0 jeffery 92 continued : ( 2 ) x- takk file out in perfect line , turn perfect corner , disperse into the compound . each one move in exactly the same way . plexor turn sharply to exit , encounter ... mega . stand there obediently . ext . x- net central server on the fortress perimeter , x- takk stand watch at the base of a deep security moat . they turn , eye scan . behind they , a light pole extend into the canyon , then swing across . it 's " tronify " rush , use he vaulting pole to ferry fighter across the moat edge . he return to the far side , landing momentarily on a lone central pinnacle to make the distance . rush vault back to gather krod , who 's the last to cross . rush do not take this the wrong way . krod do not drop I . he hug krod and vault they across . krod cling and struggle , then yelp - x- takk hear and scan the pinnacle and moat edge . on top of the pinnacle , rush and krod hunker . Flynn signal from the far side " stay down ! " x- takk patrol below , pause to gaze up . atop the pinnacle , krod 's circuit energy - zap with fear . rush hold he down . at last , X - takk move on . rush extend he light pole to the moat floor - vault to the far side with krod . krod stabilize , look around . krod yeah , I recognize this place . I know where everything be ! ( continued ) 115 116 117 tron 2.0 jeffery 93 continued : he head off , encounter a dead end . quantz pull he the right way . ext . data nexus / central server periphery boole and code monk b3t help Flynn to a secluded data buffer flynn rush , up there . see it ? rush leap to a high circuitry nexus . rush I hope you be right about mega . rush touch circuitry , energize it with data . mega 's image appear in circuitry energy pattern . mega you . where be Flynn ? rush we be all here . mega I arrange for you entry . a encryption portal have be leave unlock . path 4786324bxy . do you know the way ? rush look down to code monk j2r . he give a high sign . int . x- net central server / circuitry mega watch glow circuity image of rush . rush we get it . mega hurry . she deactivate . rush 's image vanish . mega think for a moment - we be not sure what - then walk around a corner . bump smack into : plexor . flanke by he two snarling cybavor . ( continued ) 117 118 tron 2.0 jeffery 94 continued : plexor you contact they . mega yes . plexor and ? mega I give they the portal address . they will attempt entry soon . plexor perfect . we will be wait . ext . x- net central server patrol of X - takk pass . rush leap to a vantage point they . scout a route , signal Flynn , krod , boole , quantz and the code monkey . fighter team scale a narrow ledge near the blazing firewall . it 's like a sheet of molten lead , pour endlessly before they . a lethal barrier . flynn this be all yours , rush . rush pull he disk , hold it over he head and step under the molten data flow . he struggle against raw power , disk heat up white , splash aside the molten data . flynn go! Quick ! code monkey , Flynn and krod , quantz and boole dive between rush 's leg , emerge on the other side . barrier overcome . rush leap out of the firewall , clutching he white - hot disk . rush no sweat . ( to himself ) ouch . code monk n1j that way to the portal ! rush let 's do it . ( continued ) 118 119 120 tron 2.0 jeffery 95 continued : they head for the fortress along a surreptitious route , avoid X - takk patrol . int . x- net central server plexor - with mega and the cybavor two pace behind - lead a army of X - takk . a cybavor growl at mega . she growl back . mega there it be . that 's the portal . plexor mass he force around a close encryption portal . it be a dark semispheric aperture , leave unlock ( but close ) . plexor converge on all level ! outside patrol close in behind this coordinate ! x- takk come from all direction , all level . ext . x- net central server Flynn pause to see X - Net patrol in motion , across bridge through tunnel . all around . flynn something 's up . rush keep move . they come to a dark encryption portal , see from they exterior view . boole portal 4786324bxy . this be it . Flynn withdraw the hologon . flynn the sooner rush get this into the Main power supply , the sooner X - Net shut down . and the more of we come out of here to tell about it . rush take the hologon , stow it . pumped look between code monkey , boole and quantz . krod tremble . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 96 120 continued : krod oh man , I think I be leak . rush krod . you will do great . krod think so ? rush you recognize pattern better than any of we . you will know plexor 's move before he do . krod I hope you be right ... rush ? rush yeah man ? krod be you really a " user " ? be there such a thing ? be that what make you so good ? all program hang on rush 's answer . Flynn too . rush Flynn and I come from a realm no better or worse than here ... one thing I know , neither place work unless you be look out for the other guy . and we have get a word for what all of you be . boole obsolete ? rush heroes . krod cool. code monk b3t I be ready . quantz let 's do it . fighter hustle under the shadow of the portal ... approach the close semispheric aperture . 124 122 123 124 125 tron 2.0 jeffery 97 int . x- net central server x- takk stand thick , weapon point at the close aperture . plexor mark time . cybavor poise to attack mega , emotion rise , take a step back . ext . dark portal Flynn falter on he wounded leg . fighter steady he . rush step forward , place a hand on the semispheric aperture . mechanism activate . int . portal plexor tense , eager for the slaughter . x- takk cock weapon , take careful aim . int . dark portal Flynn , code monkey , quantz , boole , krod ... gather near rush - portal open around they , revealing a stun view of : the inside of the fortress ... not a X - takk in sight . krod nothing to it . rush lead group inside . int . " execution portal " plexor grow impatient . sense trouble . plexor OPEN it ! OPEN FIRE ! X - Net specialist activate portal . semispheric aperture irise open to reveal : x- takk patrol . charge in from outside . no fighter in sight . ( continued ) 125 126 tron 2.0 jeffery 98 continued : Inside -x - takk and outside -x - takk take order literally : they FIRE at each other . many crash , zap and fizzle . cybavor leap in , devour corrupt X - takk . the two cybavor use energy " food " to bifurcate into four . plexor cease FIRE ! they do so , instantly . plexor fume . plexor you have be trick ! he spin to find mega go . plexor mega have betrayed I for the last time ! she be with the fighter ! find they ! crash they all ! int . x- net central server mega run from the scene . around a corner , she collide with rush , Flynn , krod & fighter . breathless : mega Flynn ! keep move ! this way ! flynn I be proud of you , mega . mega I link with meg . user exist . she instruct I . rush go , meg ! she glance over the new " tronify " rush . despite herself , she 's impressed . but there 's no time for talk . rush which way to the power supply ?! krod ( scan ) ummmm ... that way ! ( continued ) 126 tron 2.0 jeffery 99 continued : rush leap to a high ledge to confirm : massive throbbing power supply core cube lie at the center of the fortress 's concentric square . High sign to krod . tron you be right ! there it be ! krod and here they come ! rumble precede : army of x- takk , come to get they . code monk j2r break out the toy ! x- takk be upon they , and the battle be join . x- Net disk fly by the hundred . krod and code monkey fire a sqram projectile , which open mid-air into a super - wide circular magnetic field " net " . sqram field suck in X - Net disk and zap they to ash . x- takk charge . rush flip down from above , throw tron-disk - disk ricochet of ten x- takk , mow they down . rush retrieve he disk , land near krod and fighter . rush block this choke point , slow they down . can you guy do it ? quantz not a problem . he throw he disk behind he back , take out a approach X - Net goon . rush hurry away with mega and Flynn . krod , quantz , boole and code monkey be besiege by a hundred X - takk . krod whoa ! retreat ! that way ! keep fire ! run ! ahhh ! plexor enter the battle arena with he four cybavor . he scan keenly , then head off another direction . 127 128 tron 2.0 jeffery 100 int . x- net gantry / MAIN power supply Flynn hobble , help by mega . rush lead they around a corner , in sight of : MAIN power supply . massive reactive core containment cube . rush come to the edge of a deep , narrow moat . bottom be a channel of roiling , molten chromatic data . no bridge . rush we have to get across . raaaa ! |! six X - takk be upon they , disk fly , negabyte eraser beam swinging . Flynn take a hit in the chest . flynn arrgghh ! rush and mega dodge , fling they disk with lethal accuracy - x- takk crash and fall , tumble into the moat abyss , flash as they hit the molten bottom . int . x- net central server corridor krod , boole and quantz bait a phalanx of x- takk , code monkey spring a degaussing charge , which cut off a column at the base . column tumble , crash x- takk , block the way . High fives among krod and fighter . one small X - takk break through , zapping through the air , reforming , zapping closer . fighter turn to blast he . but krod recognize the pattern : krod wait ! I know that dude ! quantz stun a x-takk soldier - code monkey hack he X - Net armor . armor power down , revealing : krod I - beem ! i- beem shake off he brainwashing . ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 101 128 continued : i- beem krod my friend ! who be this guy ?! krod we be take out plexor . you with we or they ? x- takk attack the group , include I - beem . i- beem zap away , reappearing next to a X - takk . he steal the X - takk 's negabyte blaster and mow down three X - takk save trap boole . i- beem with you ! i- beem join fighter as they press deeper , engage the next X - takk onslaught . 129 int . x- net power supply outer gantry - continuous rush and mega haul Flynn along a narrow ledge . flynn there . you can make it across ! he point to a thin ledge on the other side , far below . rush extend he Light pole to the ledge , move to gather Flynn for a vault -crossing . flynn no , take mega ! I will stay here and run interference . rush you have not get a chance by yourself . flynn ah , this guy be wimp it 's bravado : they know he odd be dismal . Flynn slump into a alcove , which be only big enough for he . he pull a supply of spike mini - disk , ready to defend himself . mega we be not leave you . flynn my body be weak , but my will be strong . I promise , no matter what they do to I , I will survive this . trust the bigger plan . ( continued ) 129 tron 2.0 jeffery 102 continued : he 's fade fast . mega but Flynn - x- takk attack along the ledge . flynn go ! now ! rush throw he arm around mega and vault across the moat , landing on the far side - gain a slim foot - hold below a core entry point . Flynn choose he moment , lean out and throw . his mini disk take out X - takk on the ledge . they body tumble into the moat , flash as they hit . Flynn spin , the wall behind he open . at the end of a square corridor stand : plexor . flanke by he four snarling cybavor beast . plexor Flynn . you moment of obsolescence be upon you . across the moat , rush and mega climb to the entry point . Flynn play for time , stalling plexor so he do not catch sight of they . flynn freedom , plexor . it 's the better idea . that 's why mega choose my side . plexor if a idea be erase from all memory bank , it can be neither good nor bad . when each alternative have be remove , X - Net will simply be . with a hand signal , he command he cybavor . they raise up , poise to attack Flynn . flynn crash I . hack I . do what you want . the yearn for freedom will last forever . plexor Nice speech ... user ! he flick a finger . cybavor gallop at Flynn . 130 131 tron 2.0 jeffery 103 ext . MAIN power supply core - ledge rush and mega gain foot at the entry point . they turn at the sound of digital snarling . across the moat , a gut - wrenching sight : all four cybavor pounce on Flynn , hurl he off the ledge , maul he as they go down , divide into eight - plummete toward the molten data far below . plexor step out of he corridor , relishing the view : remains of fall body flash into the inferno . mega noooooo !!! plexor see mega and rush on the other side . plexor over there ! surround they ! bridge instantly extend from outer square to core cube . x- takk stream across , fire - int . power supply core cube rush and mega duck inside entry point , pelt by disk . before they : a vast , brilliant , energize lattice . power surge in ring , draw down huge column . every piece of geometry be base on perfect square , make of mirror- finish rare earth element . rush pull the hologon key into view . facet resonate with energy pattern like that in the core . rush we plug this into the control cell , X - Net be history . mega let 's do it for Flynn . they share a heartbeat of solidarity . rivalry go . x- takk stream in , fire . rush and mega charge the center , throw disk , fight back - to-back . ( continued ) 131 132 tron 2.0 jeffery 104 continued : Problem be , ENERGY ring move continuously down the column - and the column be space close - leave just enough time between ring - pass to jump through . rush now ! he and mega jump , nearly rake by down - flow ENERGY ring . x- takk fire negabyte blaster - but many of the beam be catch in the energy flow and suck away . that 's how intense this place be . x- takk soldier be graze , stumble into ENERGY column . ring rake down and zap he nasty - reduce he to bit , suck he energy to the level below . rush and mega encounter oncoming X - takk - they must split up . they fling disk , take out x- takk , dodging fire - work they way deeper meg and rush throw they disk simultaneously . both disk score hit , then arc to return . rush and mega catch each other 's disk . they each look at the strange disk - it 's just not the same . the do a quick swap and keep fight . mega over there ! the control cell . Dead center . int . control cell chamber rush and mega battle off three X - takk - the way be clear . rush leap , crash plane of silicon . stow he disk , pull out the hologon . spot the control cell 's key receptacle - shape match . rush move to insert the hologon . a disk strike he arm - hologon fly wild . rush aaarrggghhh ! plexor drop from above , riding a optik shaft . plexor where do you get that ?! no one know this code but I ! ( continued ) 132 tron 2.0 jeffery 105 continued : rush you software have the biggest flaw there be , plexor . you can not see you own mistake . plexor snatch he death-disk , corner rush for the kill . mega 's disk crash silicon , come at plexor - but he defense field repel it . he slam it aside and it 's rake away by downward flow energy ring . rush dive at plexor . he 's like a statue . but this time rush hold he and infuse tron -energy , break down plexor 's defense field , eat into he body circuit . it 's fractal zap firework - evenly match foe battle face - to - face . rush do it mega ! mega scoops hologon off floor , make for control cell - plexor 's hand shoot out , grab her , stop she like iron . plexor exert he power , hold rush and mega by the throat with he two hand , back they toward a surface rip with hot ENERGY ring . rush and mega struggle , a inch from death - zaaaaaa - plexor stop , annoyed . turn and see : krod , fighter and I - beem have arrive , fire blaster at plexor 's spinal nexus . it hardly make a dent , but it create a fleeting opportunity for rush - rush duck forward , shoot he disk off he back , smack plexor in the throat . mega fall clear - rush hurl plexor against energy ring - Energy rake down he body , but he fight the effect a doe not melt down . he step away , shake off the damage , retrieve he disk into a hand . mega snag the hologon - mega rush ! she toss it to rush , who 's already airborne - rush catch hologon , sail to the control unit - ( continued ) 132 133 tron 2.0 jeffery 106 continued : ( 2 ) jam hologon into its receptacle . plexor cock he death disk , eye flash electro - psychosis - hologon react with central cell - shockwave radiate - Energy ring go dim , then dark - silicon shatter to ash - x- takk power down . x- Net armor de-rezze , leave innocent civilian program . they shake off the mind - control and rise unshackle . and plexor , like all thing X - Net , chatter and glitches . his code erode , he bit darken , the fiber of he be erode from inside . mega now who 's obsolete ? rush execute a final leap , extend he foot for the final blow , straight at plexor - crash - shatter he to bit . rush finally breathes . see I - beem , krod , quantz , boole code monkey . rush thanks guy . krod I will never let you forget it . boole toss rush he tron-disk . ext . cyberspace vista point rush , mega , krod , I - beem , fighter and liberated program stow disk and step to a high vantage point . before they expands a vista of cyberspace . power-down of X - Net radiate in all direction , leave everything else intact . beautiful , exotic old data network instantly begin to regenerate into the open space . mega we be free . at last we be free . 134 135 tron 2.0 jeffery 107 ext . x- net grand open ceremony - morning sinclair command the podium : sinclair in a world expose to increase data corruption , I hereby switch on the first global network offer 100 % guarantee data security . flawless performance , zero downtime . the world work hard , the world deserve ... he throw a switch . huge monitor blaze with X - Net logo and graphic portal . countdown 3,2,1 ... sinclair X - net ! crowd cheer . media buzy ... x- Net instantly crash . all screen jam , glitch and die . crowd be stunne . sinclair be mortify . ext . cyberspace vista point krod , I -beem , boole , quantz and code monkey cheer . mega embrace rush . Energy sizzle between they . mega I underestimate you . thanks . she press she lip to he . it 's electric . krod ( to I - beem ) you know she always like he . code monk b3t be she pinging he eprom ? code monk j2r I can not see from here . but out of triumph , a sudden concern - rush 's body shoot data ENERGY into mega , into ground circuit ... lightshow overload intensify and spread . mega back away in pain . ( continued ) 135 136 137 tron 2.0 jeffery 108 continued : rush whoa , ouch , what ? ahhhhh ! mega rush , what be it ? rush 's body drain away into the energize circuitry . rush guy ! mega ! nooo ! he reach a hand to mega . pain ENERGY zap she , but she clasp he hand anyway ... krod help he ! code monkey attempt desperate measure , but soon it 's over bit of rush dissipate into surround circuitry , then beam skyward in blaze curtain , like a quantum aurora borealis . mega be leave with a handful of nothing . quantz it 's the way it should be . boole he 's go back to the place he belong . ext . cyberspace transition rush 's energy body hurl across cyberspace . bit streak , light bend - int . encom advanced research lab - night rush materialize in the target chair . human flesh , real clothes . same as the moment he leave . he bolt up , realize where he be . look at he hand . see jo - jo the rat stare at he . meg and dewey hurry over to unstrap rush . meg hold he hand , check the integrity of he body . meg rush . you make it ! ( continued ) 137 tron 2.0 jeffery 109 continued : rush like a bad cold , I be always come back . voice he make it ! rush ! you okay ?! rush look around . mile ( " krod " ) and a group of oddly - familiar co-worker . people who look just like I - beem , quantz , boole and the code monkey . rush ( double-take on meg ) I meet a program you write . she 's just as incredibly beautiful and confusing as you . meg I know . mega tell I all about what you do in there . rush she give you my coordinate . that 's how you upload I ? meg yes . you coordinate ... and he . they look across the room . at the control console stand a man with he back to we . he 's curiously examine meg 's equipment . the guy she 's do a amazing job here , rush . he turn . it 's flynn . in the flesh . leg heal . rush Flynn ! flynn I tell you to trust the bigger plan . meg I would come to suspect Flynn be alive , inside . but I have no way to know for sure . flynn you pick the right guy to send in . ( continued ) 137 tron 2.0 jeffery 110 continued : ( 2 ) meg work down here , I become convinced someone try to murder Flynn . but the only person I could confide in be the guy I suspect most . Elevator open . sinclair charge in , furious . trailed by security men . sinclair what be you people do down here !?! get back to work ! X - Net have crashed ! we will all be ruin ! flynn speak for yourself , sinclair . sinclair wheel to see Flynn : alive , stand in front of he . trapped by the ugly truth , sinclair turn rage on meg . sinclair I order you to destroy this equipment ! rush get in sinclair 's face . rush hey , jerk , she do not do you dirty work . neither do I . not anymore . you lie to I , to all of we . you want to deal with somebody ? I be the guy who crash X - Net sinclair go for rush . rush deliver a solid punch . sinclair grab he bloody nose . sinclair you be fire , everybody get out flynn no , sinclair . I be back . and I be the boss again . you be fire . not only be you fire , you be go to have a lot of explain to do to the SEC , the justice Department and the FBI . ( to security men ) hold he until the police get here . security man 1 yes Sir , Mr. Flynn . security men haul out sinclair ( continued ) tron 2.0 jeffery 141 137 continued : ( 3 ) Flynn address the group . flynn X - Net be dead . but encom life . we be go to bring this company back to its place as the leader in find the next big thing . I will need to be free to do the dream . so , effective immediately , I be appoint two bold , bright , courageous people to head worldwide operation . he present rush and meg . they be stunne . flynn you both earn it . rush cool . meg I love it . rush we will take it . ( to mile - " krod " ) you get a division to run . mile yes. ( to phlegman ) do that mean a bigger cubicle ? cheer all around . Flynn approach rush and meg. flynn put on some coffee . you two be go to be put in a lot of overtime together . meg turn to rush . meg do you remember how , along time ago , you use to give I a professional congratulatory peck on the cheek ? rush go for the lip . the end