trouble in paradise trouble in paradise sequence a fade in night mo . shot door of a house a cheap residential district . the house have no architectural character ; it be not certain where we be . near the entrance door be a garbage can , full . a dog be nibble at some of the garbage . we hear whistling , footstep . a garbage man come into the picture . he shoos the dog away . without pause in whistling , he lift the garbage can and , follow by camera , go to the end of the block , which be only a few step . now we discover we be in Venice . in the background be a major canal and a typical bridge -- romantic background . gondolas be pass . in the foreground at the sidewalk be the garbage gondola , pile high with garbage . the man dump he load , leave the empty can on the sidewalk , get in the gondola , and paddle away with the grace of a gondolier . now , in a beautiful tenor voice which be quite a contrast to the garbage , he start sing a passionate italian love song . long shot a gondola two tourist . husband and wife . they be in a sentimental embrace . in back be the gondolier . camera follow gondola a few second , come closer . another gondola camera shoot down . gondola be cover by a typical little canopy , so that gondolier can not see the passenger . camera cut canopy on one side so that we do not see , at first , who be paddle . in the gondola seat be a woman in evening gown , lot of jewel . she lie in the arm of the gondolier . they kiss . camera move up and discover who be paddle the boat . it be the husband of the lady who be have such a good time with the gondolier . husband be in tuxedo and straw hat , smoking a long cigar . he be enjoy it like a child with a new toy . husband darling ! wife's voice yes , sweetheart . husband what a canal ! sidewalk in front of the hotel . camera shoot down from the hotel on the sidewalk , include part of sidewalk and canal . the water reflect the electric-lighted name of the hotel . at sidewalk be moor a gondola in which be four people . a man climb out , start to sing , the other in the gondola play accompaniment . we hear a romantic italian song , irresistible . the four look up to the hotel window , expect coin . HOTEL room int . photograph against the open window . in the background be the canal . through the window we hear the street singer . near the window be a table where five man be in a poker game , not listen to the music . we hear , over the music , the rattling of the chip . after a few moment the noise of the chip stop and the sing come through more clearly . casually one of the man , card in hand , walk to the window , close it , and return to game . another HOTEL room close shot at open window . a woman be on a chair by a small table , telephon . woman uh-huh ... uh-huh ... during the scene we hear the same street singer . the woman , annoyed by the sing , close the window . another HOTEL room shoot over the bed toward a open window . same singer be hear . on the bed , in the foreground , be a woman lie in she chemise and cry . in the background , sit on the arm of a chair which be by the open window , be a elegantly dress man . even clothes , overcoat , hat , walk stick . annoy by the cry and by the outside music , he get up and slam the window shut with a bang . frankois' HOTEL room mo . shot in the background be a open window with french door lead to a little balcony . this room be on the other side of the hotel , look out on a side canal . Close outside the window we see tree . the same music be still audible , but much fainter . near the window be a desk . the drawer be open and all the papers be scattered on the floor . at the other side of the window be a trunk , open , all the drawer out and the content throw around . room look as if it have be rifle . for a little while we hear nothing but the faint music . then we hear the door buzzer . there be no reaction . the buzzer ring again . suddenly from behind the camera , a man come into the picture . he be in a tuxedo . his back be to the camera , so we cannot identify he . he go quickly to the window , jump from balcony to a tree , and , climb down , disappear . buzzer ring again . camera go toward the tree to a very big close - up of a little branch . we see , on this little branch , a false moustache . we hear the man reach ground and recede footstep as he hurry away . again we hear , a little fainter , the buzzer . [ ext . HOTEL mo . shot on wall in moonlight . we see shadow of tree and of man as he reach the ground . in silhouett shadow , we see he take off moustache and sideburn and toss they out of the picture . frankois' HOTEL room mo . shot toward window , low . camera draw back and come to a close shot on the foot of a man outstretch on the floor behind the camera . buzzer be hear again , loud . ] HOTEL corridor close shot at room door . we see the number 253 , 5 , 7 , 9 . at the door be two italian dame , obviously disreputable . one be push the buzzer . they speak in italian , but they emphasis and pantomime make the follow clear to English - speak audience : girl no. 1 bring girl no. 2 to see the gentleman of room 253 . girl no. 1 ring again . girl no. 2 complain to girl no. 1 that she should have know better than to have bring she here and waste she time . girl no. 1 apologize and indicate she watch as if to say , " the appointment be definite . I can not understand it . " she ring again -- viciously this time . long shot frankois' HOTEL room sprawle on the floor , he head rest on a chair , François be motionless . we see that a crime have be commit . François be a elegant man , about thirty - five , a conceit bon vivant . he be in a tuxedo . we hear the buzzer , insistent . corridor close shot at door girl no. 1 press buzzer angrily . girl no. 2 accuse she loudly . girl no. 1 answer just as loud . girl no. 1 now bang on the door , shouting insult to occupant of the room . girl no. 2 join she . close shot HOTEL corridor at door across the hall from room 253 . it be numbered 254 . we hear the voice of the angry italian girl . the door open , and a old gentleman , white beard , dress gown over evening clothes , step out . he politely but firmly ask , in italian , for silence . close shot door room 253 the girl turn quickly toward the man . no. 2 say she can talk as much as she want to . close - up old gentleman he state emphatically that he will not stand for this . close - up girl no . 1 she look over the old gentleman and make a nasty personal remark . close - up old gentleman he lose he temper and insult the girl venomously . close shot two girl they be at the height of they fury . no. 2 walk out quickly toward the old gentleman . close shot door room 254 Old gentleman be in the open doorway . girl approach . the two stand toe- to - toe trading verbal punch . the old man , disgust , retreat . he be about to close door , but girl , still vociferous , follow he into he room and close door behind she . close shot girl no . 1 still in front of 253 . in the sudden silence , she look amaze toward 254 . no. 2 have disappear ! close shot door room 254 door open quickly . no. 2 stick she head out and , with a characteristic jerk , say in italian , " come in . " she disappear , door slightly ajar . close shot girl no . 1 at 253 she go to 254 , enter , close the door . the camera swing fast to opposite side of corridor and stop at 253 . we hear telephone ringing inside . frankois' HOTEL room shoot from outside of the window into the room . in the foreground be the window frame . we see François on the floor . phone be ringing . François awake , try to struggle to he foot . but , still under the influence of dope , he fall . as he fall he drag with he , from nearby little table , a tray with glass , make a loud noise . ( the window frame in the follow move shot across window outside will be do with a miniature hotel building . ) camera swing swiftly along the hotel front , around the corner of the hotel , and up to the third floor . it stop at a little balcony . behind the balcony , lean against one of two open french door , stand gaston , in a tuxedo , smoking a cigarette , look romantically into the night . we see , in the room , a waiter set a dinner table for two . the waiter arrange some flower ; then he come forward , offer gaston the menu . gaston do not respond . waiter ( break into gaston 's reverie ) yes , sir ? ( gaston still look into the night . ) what shall we start with , Baron ? gaston ( come to ) oh , yes ... well , that 's not so easy . ( half to himself . ) beginning be always difficult . waiter yes , Baron . gaston ( directly to the waiter , present a problem ) if casanova suddenly ... turn out to be Romeo ... have supper with juliet -- who might become cleopatra ... how would you start ? waiter ( in a professional and prosaic tone ) I would start with cocktail . gaston um-hum . very good . excellent ! suddenly gaston see something on the canal . mo . shot gondola in gondola , lily , in evening dress , look up at gaston and wave graciously . balcony close shot gaston and waiter . gaston bow -- the bow of a gentleman to a lady of degree - - and wave back . this be the woman he be wait for . gaston ( still look at lily ) it must be the most marvelous supper . we may not eat it , but it must be marvelous . waiter yes , Baron . gaston ( turn ) and , waiter - - you see that moon ? waiter yes , Baron . gaston I want to see that moon in the champagne . waiter yes , Baron . ( write ; very businesslike . ) Moon in champagne . gaston ( grop for word ) I want to see -- ( a ecstatic sigh escape he . ) waiter ( continue to write ) yes , Baron . gaston and as for you , waiter -- waiter ( eagerly ; expect a tip ) yes , Baron ? gaston I do not want to see you at all ! waiter no , Baron ! ( with a little bow , waiter start to leave . suddenly he see something on the back of gaston 's jacket . gaston look at he , puzzle . waiter reach over , lift a leaf that be cling to the coat , and hold it up . ) I beg you pardon . gaston ( take the leaf calmly ) thank you . waiter go . we hear the door shut . gaston be thoughtful a brief moment . then idly he toss the leaf over the balcony rail into the night . telephone room of HOTEL close shot of a operator . in the background we see two other operator . we hear the girl answer in italian . we operator be deliver a lengthy message . while she be talk she look up to the switchboard because she see : close shot switchboard at no. 253 . the light be flash on and off very quickly . we hear the operator 's voice , still busy with the message she be deliver . now she plug in on 253 . close -up operator operator Si , signore . ( we see by she expression that the man in room 253 be report the robbery ; excitedly . ) yes , sir ! right away ! she disconnect 253 and plug in on the manager . she tell the manager , in italian , what have happen . close shot glass door in italian , English , french , and german : manager . door open and manager hurry out . big close - up operator talk very fast in italian , report the robbery to someone else . close shot a door open , and another man , apparently a detective , come out . staircase another hotel attendant be run up . big close - up two maids talk excitedly in italian , apparently discuss the robbery . another part of corridor camera shoot down over the back of a waiter . he hold high over he shoulder a tray on which be several empty dish . a little bellboy be stand beside the waiter , look up and explain in italian excitedly what have happen . staircase two maid on opposite landing . steward come up stair and tell they of robbery . telephone room another operator talk excitedly . corridor a hotel official dash along . we hear many voice talk at the same time . camera pan with he up to room 253 where he stop . door be open . half in room , half in corridor , be hotel attendant , detective , the manager . with excited gesture , they be discuss the situation in italian . they voice become increasingly loud . mo . shot to room 254 . it open quickly . girl no. 2 appear , hair slightly disarranged . she look annoyed and shout in italian for they to keep quiet . mo . shot of room 253 . the man stop talk , look quickly over toward the girl . close shot girl no . 2 indignantly and crudely , she want the noise to cease . she close the door . mo . shot at room 253 the man , talk quietly , go into the room and close the door . gaston' HOTEL room mo . shot at door , inside . gaston open it , and lily enter quickly . gaston close the door , look at lily questioningly . she be excited and out of breath . lily oh , my gracious - - he almost see I . gaston ( the crook in he worried for a second ) who ? lily ( almost hysterical ) the Marquis de la Tours . he be in the lobby . but I do not think he see I . I be positive he do not . thank heaven ! ... but when I come up here , right out in the hall there be King boris of alconia ! gaston the tennis player ? lily the tennis player . he see I . he bow . what could I do ? I nodd . ( summing up in panic . ) Baron , I should not have come ! gaston ( go to she , take she hand ; with great feel ) but you come . and you must forget everything -- ( lily look at he , a little afraid ) except that you be here , countess . gaston help she off with she wrap , put it on a chair . lily nervously walk out of the picture . close shot at window shoot from inside . lily come in , stop at a chair , sit nervously , stand , move to window , and look off from balcony . gaston come in . he touch she hand . she turn to he . lily out there in the moonlight everything seem so perfect , so simple -- but now -- but now -- gaston , think she mood be change to a love mood , be about to embrace she . lily ( in a frighten tone ) do you know King boris ? gaston no -- no . lily do you know the Marquis de la Tours ? gaston ( with a little smile ) I would like to . lily ( agitatedly ) you would better not . he 's really very dull . but anyhow , when the king tell the marquis he see I , the marquis will tell the marchesa . and the marchesa be the best friend of the duchess of chambro . and she will phone the princess de costa . the princess do not like I -- but I do not care ! gaston why should you ? lily ( as if argue ) but she talk a lot . and before this night be over , all Venice will know it . and tomorrow it will be Grand Canal gossip ! ... oh ! exhausted , she move away , drop into a armchair . gaston go to she , sit on the arm of the chair , lean over . gaston ( tenderly ) do not stop . keep right on complain . it 's beautiful . lily ( look at he for a moment , quietly ; then ) you know , when I first see you , I think you be a american . gaston ( flatter ) thank you ! lily ( with great delight ) someone from another world -- so entirely different . one get so tired of one 's own class -- prince and count and duke and king -- ah ! and everybody talk shop -- always try to sell jewelry ... and then I hear you name and find you be just one of we . gaston disappointed ? lily ( lean back with lure ) no --proud . very proud ! gaston take she in he arm and kiss she . she return he embrace . we hear the phone ringing . the embrace break , and both look startle . gaston obviously be nervous because he be a crook . we do not know why lily be nervous . gaston go quickly toward the phone . close shot little telephone table gaston enter , pick up the phone . gaston hello ... the countess ? close -up lily she be still in the chair . frightened , she rise quickly . close shot gaston gaston just a moment . ( hand over the receiver . ) the duchess of chambro . close shot lily at the window . she be perplex for a moment . then she hurry out toward the phone . close shot at the phone . lily enter . she make a gesture as if to say , " you see ? they know already ! " lily hello , you Grace . yes , you Grace . how do you know I be here ? oh , the marquis -- ( she gesture to gaston as if to say , " do not I tell you ? " ) yes , you Grace . I see . ( gaston walk out of the picture . ) dinner tomorrow - - at you palace . oh , I would be delighted . King boris will call for I ... ( she make a gesture of annoyance to gaston . ) second-class HOTEL room it be very much in disorder . on the night table be a phone . the woman who speak be frowsy , fat , common . she be apparently lily 's companion , may , and intimate friend . woman ( voice guard and low ) listen , lily . when you come home , slip up the back way . I can not talk now , but do what I tell you . ( in a loud voice . ) and listen , lily . you know what that darn dog of yours do --? close shot lily at the phone . lily so , he really do ! how charming ! well , my compliment to the duke . Goodbye . ( she hang up , face gaston , make a desperate gesture . ) there you be . the scandal be on ! mo . shot gaston stand by the dinner table , thoughtful . he look over to lily . close shot lily she have sink into a sofa . lily ( half - despairingly ) oh ! ( she put she head in she hand . ) mo . shot gaston look sadly at the table , realize that the dinner he have picture so charmingly may be spoiled . he go to lily . mo . shot lily in the chair , still hold head in hand . gaston enter , touch she hair lightly , control himself . gaston countess , I be sorry . ( with great feel . ) if you think it 's best for you to go -- well -- close -up lily she look up at gaston , amaze . close -up gaston he look at lily with great tenderness . close shot lily she look tenderly at gaston . she rise , camera rise with she to include both gaston and herself . she touch he arm . she be move and confuse . her real feel start to break through at this manifestation of chivalry . lily ( in a tremulous voice ) I think that 's very nice - - yes , very nice . ( they look at each other a few second . ) I think -- I think we should have a cocktail . gaston be delighted . he kiss she hand , go quickly to the dinner table . close shot at the dinner table . gaston walk in , pick up the cocktail shaker . he shake it , smile happily at lily . mo . shot frankois' HOTEL room François have recover he memory . his hair be still disarranged , eye still glaze . for a few moment , he be incoherent , then he gradually become almost normal . group near he be five italian hotel official , a detective , and the manager . they be gesture excitedly , all talk at the same time . the dialogue be fragmentary , ad lib , italian . the manager , who speak English , turn to François . manager ( indicate the detective ) the representative of the police want to know how much money you have , m'sieu filiba . françois I have exactly twenty thousand lire . I have just cashed a traveler 's check and put it in my wallet . manager turn to the other and translate . they go into a huddle and talk excited italian . manager ( to François ) why do you let this man in , m'sieu filiba ? françois well , he knock at the door . you see , I be expect two -- uh -- two business associate . manager turn again to we italian friend and again we see the same excitement . manager ( again to François ) and then what happen , m'sieu filiba ? françois I say , " come in . " and there he be . a fine-looking man with a moustache and long sideburn . he say , " good evening . I be the doctor . " I say , " Doctor ? " he say , " yes , the doctor . I come to see about you tonsils . " manager turn back , translate . it create a sensation . manager ( to François ) the representative of the police want to know if there be anything wrong with you tonsils . françois no ! manager ( to group ) niente ! françois that 's just what I try to tell he . well , one word lead to another . he really be a very charming fellow . so we talk for about ten minute . manager translate . again excitement . manager ( to François ) what do you talk about ? françois about tonsils . manager ( to the group ) tonsili ! françois so I say to myself , " all right , if he want to look at they , let he look at they . no harm in that . " and then he say , " say ah . " and then I say , " ah . " and that 's all I remember ... and when I wake up , I still have my tonsils , but my pocketbook be go . manager translate . again excitement . gaston' HOTEL room mo . shot at dinner table . gaston and lily be seat , eat . waiter be pour champagne . gaston ( with casual interest ) be it lot of money ? waiter oh , it must have be , Baron . the gentleman occupy the Royal suite - - two fifty - three , five , seven , and nine . I think he name be m'sieu filiba . lily apparently be even less interested . gaston you be not safe anywhere nowadays . waiter but please , Baron . we be not suppose to breathe a word of it . you will not tell anybody I tell you ? gaston you can trust I . waiter yes , Baron . thank you . ( waiter go . ) HOTEL corridor mo . shot at door of gaston 's room . the number be 300- 302 . waiter come out , close door . gaston' room close shot at dinner table . lily serenely continue to eat . gaston that 's hotel life . in one room a man lose he wallet ( very tenderly ) and in another room a man lose -- he head . ( he try to kiss lily . ) lily ( hold he off gently ) please . ( very sincerely . ) when I come here it be for a little adventure - - a little game which you play tonight and forget tomorrow . but something have change I -- and it be not the champagne . ( gaston , also with sincerity , take she hand . ) the whole thing be new to I . very new . I have get a confession to make to you . ( after a slight pause . ) Baron , you be a crook . ( gaston 's expression do not change . ) you rob the gentleman in two fifty - three , five , seven , and nine . ( still gaston 's expression do not change . after a slight pause , lily turn back to the table . ) May I have the salt ? gaston ( pass the salt with a elegant gesture ) please . lily thank you . gaston the pepper , too ? lily no , thank you . gaston you be very welcome . ( there be a short silence as both continue with the meal . then , with great candor . ) countess , believe I , before you leave this room I would have tell you everything ... and let I say this with love in my heart -- countess , you be a thief . ( lily drop she knife and fork . ) the wallet of the gentleman in two fifty - three , five , seven , and nine be in you possession . I know it very well when you take it out of my pocket . ( with great charm . ) in fact , you tickle I . ( move closer to she . ) but you embrace be so sweet ... ( he caress she hand lingeringly . then he get up , walk out toward the open window . ) close shot at the window . gaston enter , close the window , and pull the curtain . look back at lily with smile promise , he return to the table . close shot table gaston go to she , take she hand , and draw she to she foot . she look at he expectantly . gaston take she in he arm . it look like the start of a passionate love scene . suddenly , unexpectedly , he grab she by the shoulder , shake she violently . insert of they foot . wallet fall from lily 's dress . close shot gaston and lily gaston reach down , pick up wallet , put it casually in he pocket , then gracefully hold chair , invite she to sit . gaston countess . lily sit with all the poise of a lady . gaston sit . they continue the meal as if nothing have happen . lily I like you , Baron . gaston ( fervently ) I be crazy about you . ( he reach in he side pocket , take out a diamond brooch which lily wear when she come in . ) by the way , you pin . lily be flabbergasted . she look down to she bosom . indeed , the pin be miss . she accept the pin . lily ( with a little smile of shame ) thank you , Baron . gaston not at all , countess ... there 's one very good stone in it . lily ( as she fasten the pin ) what time be it ? gaston reach for he watch , discover it be miss . he give lily a look of admiration and astonishment . lily smile triumphantly , open she purse , lift out the watch , hand it to he . he take it with a bow . lily it be five minute slow , but I regulate it for you . they bow to each other like two chinese mandarin . gaston ( tenderly ) I hope you do not mind if I keep you garter . lily almost leap out of she chair . she raise she skirt ; she hand search for the garter . it be miss . gaston take the garter out of he breast pocket , show it to she , kiss it , put it back , and button he coat . lily be delighted . this be the high compliment ever pay to she . she slide into he lap , embrace he . lily darling ! ( they kiss ; very excitedly . ) now tell I -- tell I all about yourself . who be you ? gaston you remember the man who walk into the Bank of constantinople and walk out with the Bank of constantinople ? lily ( thrilled ) monescu ! gaston gaston monescu . lily ( melting away ) gaston ! they embrace and kiss again . couch lily be lie on the couch , gaston at she side , lean over adoringly . gaston I love you . I love you the moment I see you . I be mad about you . my little shoplifter ! my sweet little pickpocket ! my darling ! he take she in he arm . they embrace and kiss . dissolve to : couch camera have not move but have dissolve the two lover out of the picture . from outside the picture we hear the switch turn , and the light that fall on the couch go out . dissolve to : window a hand come in and open the curtain . the moonlight stream in . dissolve to : corridor close shot at the door of 300 - - 302 . gaston 's arm , in the sleeve of a dress gown , come out and fasten on the hook below the number a do not disturb sign , clearly print in several language . he close the door . corridor close shot at the end of the corridor . around the corner come we italian group . loudly , in italian , they be still discuss the robbery . camera go with they . in front walk the manager , who talk back and forth . the noise increase . suddenly the manager look in direction of room 300-- 302 . close shot door we see do not disturb sign . close shot another part of the corridor manager , have see the sign , turn to the other with a loud " shh ! " they quiet down . corridor long shot of door to 300 - - 302 . the italian be pass door very quietly . suddenly the detective want to say something . we tremble for gaston and lily . manager again with " shh ! " detective be silence . entire group go quietly out of picture . we stay a few moment on the empty scene . camera move up to do not disturb sign . dissolve to : close shot grand canal camera move with the garbage gondola . it be fill to overflow . the garbage gondolier have do a good evening 's work . he be paddle with a flourish and sing a operatic aria . fade out sequence B fade in miniature of paris shoot over the roof and present a beautiful view . the camera pan back away from Paris and in the foreground we see factory chimney , so that we get the impression we be move into the factory district of Paris . dissolve to : big factory whistle it be blow loudly . dissolve to : big gate of the factory . above gate , in large letter : colet et compagnie , Paris . Gate open . hundred of worker , man and woman , come out . they be hatless ; it be lunch hour . dissolve to : [ fade in paris shot of eiffel Tower at night , emit radio wave . sound of morse code signal . dissolve to : radio studio announcer at mike close - up announcer ( read copy ) geneva ... from geneva come the news that the world - famous international crook , gaston monescu , rob the peace conference yesterday . he take practically everything , except the peace . the police arrest he and confiscate all the steal goods , but he manage to escape in a unexplainable manner . this be the Paris police reporter speak . announcer exit . a second announcer enter . second announcer lady and gentleman , this program come to you through the courtesy of colet and company , manufacturer of the most famous perfume in the world . remember -- it do not matter what you say ; it do not matter how you look ; it 's how you smell . thank you . ( start to sing . ) " colet , colet , colet and compa -ny " close shot colet et compagnie sign in front of retail establishment . song continue . second announcer voice " be maker " shot of kiosk sign for colet et cie . voice continue " of the " shot of flash neon sign for colet et cie . dissolve to : song continue " best perfume . " second announcer ( still sing ) " if you and you beloved can not agree , " neon sign show man spraying sleep woman with perfume atomizer . woman wake up and stretch . song continue " permit we to sug-gest perfume . " second announcer ( sing ) " cleopatra be a lovely tantalizer . but she do it with she little atomizer . " close shot girl spraying herself with atomizer bottle . song continue " we will make you smell like " another girl apply perfume with glass applicator . song continue " a rise ; every " overhead shot large factory complex , camera advance . song continue " nose in Paris know " long shot Factory gate with sign , colet et cie . horde of worker pour out . song continue " colet and compagnie . " dissolve to : ] director ' room of colet et cie . camera be move over a long table . we see only the forward half of the table -- serious - look businessman . camera stop at the head in front of M. giron , chairman of the board , a distinguished elderly man . he be address someone at the unseen other end . giron I be sure , Madame colet , if you husband be alive , the first thing he would do in time like this -- cut salaries . there be a approve ripple of voice from the other director . close - up mariette colet in a beautiful light morning dress at the other end of the table . mariette unfortunately , m'sieu giron , business bore I to distraction -- and besides I have a luncheon engagement . so I think we would better leave the salaries just where they be . ( rising . ) Goodbye ! giron ( rise ) Goodbye , Madame colet . voice Goodbye , Madame colet . dissolve to : jewelry store , very ultra close - up at counter . we see some expensive - look small purse , compact , laid out on velvet . behind counter , a elegant clerk be talk to mme . colet , who be out of the picture . jeweler this one , Madame colet , be only three thousand francs . close -up mariette side of counter , now in a beautiful afternoon gown . mariette oh , no . that 's entirely too much ... how about that one ? close -up jeweler jeweler ( pick up a handbag , read the price ) that 's sixteen hundred and fifty close -up mariette mariette sixteen hundred and fifty ! that 's outrageous ! close -up jeweler jeweler ( point to another ) here 's one for nine hundred . close -up mariette mariette hmm ... not bad ... how about that one ? close - up jeweler he look down inside the showcase , reach in , take out a beautiful handbag , much larger . it be studd with diamond . jeweler ( with a smile ) oh , this one ... Madame -- well , that 's a hundred and twenty - five thousand francs . close -up mariette mariette but it 's beautiful . I will take it ! close -up jeweler jeweler thank you , Madame colet . pick up a elaborate box . as he put handbag in box we dissolve to : STREET in paris close shot at door to shop of a fashionable furrier . we hear , from outside the picture , the purr of a motor and the sound of brake as a car come to a stop . proprietor open door from inside , come toward camera , beam , bow in the direction of the unseen car . proprietor how do you do , Madame colet ? dissolve to : [ same shot but now the proprietor have see she out . sound of car start and go . proprietor ( obsequiously ) Goodbye , Madame colet . dissolve to : ] close shot at door in office building , shoot from corridor into a nondescript little wait room . door be open so that we can not see sign on it . in doorway stand a fat little Turk with a point black beard . he bow repeatedly to someone behind camera . man Goodbye , Madame colet . he go back into office , close door . now we read the sign : Dr. isar Ben marguli , astrologer . dissolve to : fine residence STREET mo . shot in front of mariette 's house . mariette 's very expensive car , shoot from house to car . at open car door stand footman , look toward entrance of the house , bow . footman yes , madame . dissolve to : staircase mariette's house int . shoot from stair down to hall against entrance door . in foreground , the lower part of staircase . in background , the elaborately furnish hall . butler stand at foot of staircase , look up . butler no , madame . dissolve to : upper part of staircase camera shoot up . on landing at head of stair , the may . background , expensive upper hall . maid look at mariette , who be apparently halfway down staircase . maid yes , madame . dissolve to : beautiful garden background , glimpse of hothouse . foreground , near flower bed , the gardener . gardener yes , madame . dissolve to : drawing room close shot at fireplace stand François filiba , back to camera ; we do not recognize he . mariette's voice no , no , no , no , François ! I tell you no ! armchair mariette , in a precious armchair by fireplace . we see reflection of the fire . she be in beautiful evening gown . at she side , on a little table , a glass of champagne . mariette ( almost dreamily ) you see , François , marriage be a beautiful mistake which two people make together . ( sitting up ; in a down - to-earth tone . ) but with you , François -- ( friendly ; shaking she head . ) I really think it would be a mistake . fireplace François , still with back to camera . he stiffen at this rejection . he turn , affront , face mariette . now we discover he be François , the man who have trouble with he tonsils in Venice . dissolve to : golf course close - up of the major , a man about forty - five , in smart golf tog . he look deject . mariette's voice do not be so downhearted , Major . you be not the only one I do not love . close -up mariette on golf course , also in smart sport clothes . she be get set to swing at the ball and be more concerned with she golf form than with what she be say . mariette I do not love François , either . she swing , hit the ball , turn , watch it , smile . it be a good shot . dissolve to : staircase in mariette's home maid come down , lean over railing , address someone behind camera . maid Madame will be ready in two minute . sofa in front hall François and Major , seat . both in full evening dress -- overcoat on , top hat on knee , opera stick in hand . expression serious as they nod to may , then lean back without look at each other . françois ( after a moment of frigid silence ) I know you do not like I , Major . and to be perfectly frank , I dislike you intensely . but since we have to be in each other 's company this evening , we might as well make conversation . ( he expect a reply but get none . ) well , Major , what 's you answer ? ( Major still do not answer . furiously . ) for heaven 's sake , man , say something ! major ( turn , look he up and down ; distinctly and slowly ) tonsils . François leap to he foot , outrage at be remind of the humiliate episode . dissolve to : opera house close shot part of the orchestra ; shoot on a angle down , so that we photograph part of the orchestra and a portion of the footlight without the singer . we hear the orchestral music and the singer ' voice . opera BOX door open . mariette and Major come in . mariette look annoyed . she sit . Major sit . close shot door to box , from interior . door open . François appear . he be very angry . the argument with the major apparently reach its peak before they come into the opera house and at the last moment he refuse to accompany they . françois ( whisper but final ) Goodbye ! ( he close door , disappear . ) close shot mariette and Major . Major pay no attention to François . but mariette , more annoyed than before , look toward door , then back to Major . mariette you should be ashamed of yourselves . two man of you stand , always quarreling . major he start it . mariette but you be the more intelligent one . major that 's true . mariette then why do you do it ? major because I hate he -- because I love you ! mariette you should have more self - control . you be in the army . major well , he be in the navy . close shot door it open again . François appear again . françois ( with increase finality ) Goodbye ! ( he close door again . ) close - up mariette and major mariette I want you to go out and apologize -- right away ! Major leave against he will . opera corridor close shot at to box . François be in a chair by the door , opera hat and overcoat still on . door open and Major come out . François get up . they glare each other . major see here , my good man . you have be say goodbye for the last half hour , and stay on . I wish you would say how do you do , and go ! mo . shot BOX mariette , listen to the music . suddenly door open . she turn as Major come in and sit beside she . she look at he questioningly . major ( proudly ) well , he leave . ( mariette be surprised . ) I tell you , apologize be a gift ! ( he nod pompously as if to say , " I have this gift . " ) orchestra seat close - up of gaston . he be look through opera glass up at mariette 's box . camera be so close to the opera glass that we can not see gaston 's face . we see he hand adjust the opera glass . mariette's BOX gaston 's viewpoint , photograph through a opera-glass vignette . we see Major and mariette . camera stop in front of the railing . we see mariette 's hand hold the handbag . camera center the handbag . we hold this , then camera pan up to mariette 's face . she be look at the stage . camera pan quickly down again to handbag . we stay on the handbag . Major 's hand come in and touch mariette 's hand caressingly . she brushes he hand aside . camera move quickly up to Major . he be look ardently at mariette . he lean over to she . camera with he . both in the picture . a dialogue scene now follow , but even though it be a close - up , we can not hear they because they be through binocular from a distance . in this inaudible but visually expressive scene , Major tell she he can not understand she attitude toward he . she impatiently ask he to leave she alone to enjoy the opera opera . Major persistently say he love she . mariette insist that he stop it . she take out of she lap ( which be not in the picture ) opera glass and hold they to she eye . Major give up , lean back in chair . camera center mariette , alone . then camera , still frame in opera-glass vignette , pan down and come to rest on handbag , now lie on the railing unprotect . close -up conductor from viewpoint of the stage . he be look up at the singer . then he look down to he score . score close - up from viewpoint of the conductor . it be the first act , at about page twenty . we hear the soprano sing . soprano' voice I love you , I love you , I love you ! chorus' voice she love he , she love he , she love he ! without change camera angle , we see the page be turn as if by a breeze , and dissolve to : close -up score at about page ninety ; at least one act have be play . we hear same soprano sing -- but a different tune in a different key . soprano' voice I hate you , I hate you , I hate you ! chorus' voice she hate he , she hate he , she hate he ! corridor mo . shot opera house toward the sumptuous down -staircase . we see , in corridor , at opposite side of staircase , door to lady ' and man 's restroom . door to the lady ' restroom be in foreground . a gentleman be pace up and down . door open ; a lady come quickly to the gentleman . they exchange a few word , which we do not hear . ( Music of opera come in dimly ) gentleman reach in pocket , give she a coin . Lady go back quickly . as she be about to enter restroom mariette come out , excited , rush past gentleman down corridor and out of picture . mariette's BOX Major sit alone . the music come in full volume . mariette enter , look at she chair , at railing , at Major . during the follow , both search around in the box . mariette my bag ! major you bag ? mariette ( impatiently ) yes , my bag ! major do not you take it with you ? mariette apparently not . do not you know where it be ? major no -- I be sorry . mariette but you see it here . major yes , I see it -- but -- mariette well , where be it ? close -up conductor disturb by the agitate sound , look up at mariette 's box , sternly reproving . BOX mariette and Major be stand , search . mariette it could not have walk out by itself ! Major inadvertently tip over a chair . gallery two typical music lover . one be bent forward , eye fix on the stage . the other lean back , eye close in ecstasy . first man , suddenly annoyed by sound from the box , say , " psst ! " second man suddenly wake up , look angrily at first man , say , " shh ! " the two glare at each other . corridor outside mariette 's box . ( Music continue , slightly muffle . ) door open . mariette and Major come out , shut door . Major be carry hat and coat . they be still search , look everywhere . camera move with they as they go down the corridor . mariette go into lady ' room . Major automatically follow she ; door close behind they . a instant later , Major scurries out . follow by camera , he hurry away , embarrassed , stop , turn . close shot at door to lady ' restroom . the may , a middle - age woman , look grimly at Major . close -up major he do not know what to say or how to act . at this moment the music stop . we hear the burst final applause . corridor Doors to first balcony open , and many people hurry out . we still hear applause . stairway and corridor outside box on either side , a door to a restroom . at top of stairway stand Major . people emerge from box . mariette come out of lady ' room , go to Major . we see by she gesture she have not find she bag . more people pass from behind camera . mariette and Major be catch in the crowd and disappear . dissolve to : stairway same camera angle last patron leave down the stair . they disappear ; corridor and staircase be empty . door of men' room open ; out come a lone figure , gaston . immaculate in evening dress , top hat , overcoat , and stick , he stroll toward the stair and start down . fade out sequence C fade in jewelry store ( not the one where mariette buy she bag . ) shoot from inside store through window toward street . in front of window appear Major . he look , sour and depressed , at the window display . camera move with he as he enter shop and go to counter . camera pull back , and now we discover François at the counter . both look straight ahead ; they do not see each other yet . clerk enter . clerk ( to Major ) yes , m'sieu ? major I would like to have -- he see François , and François see he . françois ( cheerfully ) good morning , Major . major ( embarrassed ) good morning . ( stutter ; to clerk . ) I would - I would - I would like to look at some cuff link . clerk very well , m'sieu . clerk go . Major ignore François . François smile , ironical . françois ( with feign innocence ) Nice day , Major . major ( grunt ) umm . françois you be look fine , Major . major ( turn ) now see here , my good man . I have have just about enough of you insulting remark ! another clerk enter . he put several handbags on counter for François . François regards they smilingly . Major be speechless . dissolve to : close shot sign on cheap hotel in suburb of Paris , shoot up from street . sign read Paris - astor Hotel . camera pan down . in entrance doorway , the bellboy - - on he cap : Paris - astor Hotel -- shabbily dress , lean lazily against door , bag of cherries in hand . he eat and spit the stone into street with a minimum of energy . close shot couch in cheap HOTEL room lily , in negligee , lie on couch , face cover by newspaper she be read while she have breakfast , which be on a little table beside she . the dish be clean but cheap look . lily lower the paper and look slyly up . she see : other side of room close shot gaston , in dress gown , sit in armchair , read a newspaper . close shot lily she watch gaston , look down to table , back at gaston . she want to put something over without be see -- something important . now , quick , she decide to do it , come what may . she pick up a french roll -- still watch he -- dunk it in the coffee , take a hurried bite , and disappear again behind paper . close -up gaston gaston ( look up from the paper ) I do not agree with this review at all . I think martini 's sing be adequate , but to call he a great singer -- ridiculous ! close -up lily still read she paper . lily ( without look up ) I always like he . especially last year in munich ... close -up gaston gaston ( drop paper ) last year ? it can not be that long . close -up lily lily ( drop paper ) yes ! do not you remember the day you take that chinese vase from the Royal Palace ( with tenderness ) and make it into a lamp for my night table ? close -up gaston he look at she with emotion , get up , and go to she . mo . shot lily gaston sit close to she , caress she hair . gaston I remember the lamp , I remember the night table , and I remember the night . ( they kiss . ) everything will be all right again . ( as he get up ; with a valiant little smile . ) prosperity be just around the corner ! he go out of the picture . lily smile after he with total confidence . close - up gaston' chair gaston return , sit , pick up paper , resume read . close -up lily at she paper . suddenly she stare at something on the page . she leap to she foot . lily gaston ! close -up gaston he look up . close - up lily Paper in hand , follow by camera , she go to the bureau , open a drawer , and take out mariette 's handbag . she look at the bag , reread the item in the paper , look back again . close shot gaston puzzle , he get up . close shot lily follow by camera , she hasten to gaston , hand he the paper , point to the item . lily read this . insert a large classified ad with headline : handbag lose -- twenty thousand francs reward . before we can read the rest , camera move close to the headline . under the insert , we hear : lily voice the description fit . that 's we bag ! close shot lily and gaston gaston have finish read . gaston twenty thousand francs ... if we sell it we would get -- ( he take the bag from lily , examine it like a expert . ) well , it 's worth forty thousand at the most . she pay probably sixty thousand . when we sell it ... I would say five thousand . lily darling , then let 's be honest and return it to the lady . gaston and take the twenty thousand francs ... lily right . gaston ( with sudden emotion ) sweetheart , what day be today ? lily the fourteenth of May . gaston and tomorrow be the fifteenth . and the day after tomorrow -- lily ( not know what he want ) the six -- she catch gaston 's eye . her face light up . very tenderly she embrace he . gaston we will go to Venice , to the same hotel ! lily ( romantically ) we will take the Royal suite ! gaston two fifty - three , five -- lily Seven and nine ! gaston and we will celebrate the second anniversary of the day we do not get marry ! lily darling ! they kiss . after they have hold the embrace a few moment , we hear a knock the door . they look toward the door , hide the handbag instantly . gaston come in . close shot door porter come in , carry a pair of shoe . porter ( put they on the floor ) you shoe , Professor Bernard . as he go [ they embrace continue . they look at each other dreamily . ] fade out sequence D fade in mariette's live room mo . shot mariette and a elderly woman who have see better day . her clothes , once elegant , now be shabby . she be unwrap a package as camera move toward both to a close shot . she take out a handbag which also see better day , hold it toward mariette pathetically . mariette respond with a kindly look . mariette no , I be sorry , but that 's not the bag . woman ( restrain a sob ) I know it be not . but it 's pretty -- be not it ? mariette ( sympathetic ) very pretty . we hear phone ring . mariette , annoyed at the interruption , go out of the picture . close shot telephone table mariette enter , pick up phone . mariette hello ... yes .. . where do you find the bag ? ( amuse . ) where ? ( even more amused . ) where ? what ? ( smiling broadly . ) what be in it ? ( with a change of expression , outrage . ) how dare you ! ( she slam down receiver . ) close shot elderly woman bag in hand , with patient hope . close shot mariette at phone . her expression soften . follow by camera , she go to woman . woman you would not have any use for it ? ( mariette hesitates . ) you see , I have another bag , and I really do not need this . so , if you would like to buy it ... mariette see tear in the woman 's eye . mariette ( reach into drawer of nearby table ) would two hundred francs be sufficient ? woman ( this be much more than she expect ) yes , madame . mariette hand she the money . woman ( overwhelm ) oh , thank you , madame ! she go out of picture toward door . mariette look after she with compassion , which be break by the ringing phone . increasingly annoyed , she go to phone , newly purchase bag in hand . close shot telephone mariette enter edgily . mariette hello ... yes ... she toss handbag out of picture . armchair bag fall on armchair into a assortment of several other bag . mariette must have be buy bag for hour . mariette's voice what ? yes , this be Madame colet . close -up mariette at the phone mariette what ? yes , I lose my bag . yes . last night at the opera ... no , no , I do not want to buy a piano ! ( she hang up angrily . ) long shot hall shoot from the direction of the live room toward the house entrance door . Hall be fill with man and woman , some well dress , some shabby . some carry package . several woman hold , each , two " find " bag . one woman carry a cry baby . butler 's voice come behind the camera . butler' voice next , please . a young Russian bolshevik , unshaven , with bushy hair , move toward camera . live room mo . shot at open door . bolshevik enter , follow by butler , who shut door behind they as bolshevik go to mariette . during all this , we hear : mariette's voice no ... no , it be not insure . but right now it 's too late . close shot telephone mariette what ? ( bolshevik enter . ) I may lose it again ? but I have not find it yet ! I be sorry . Goodbye ! ( she turn toward bolshevik distract ) yes ? bolshevik ( heavy Russian accent ) so you lose a handbag , madame ? mariette ( impatiently ) yes . bolshevik and it have diamond in the back . mariette yes . bolshevik and diamond in the front . mariette yes . bolshevik diamond all over . mariette well , have you find it ? bolshevik ( scream ) no ! ( raising he arm like a prophet . ) but let I tell you -- any woman who spend a fortune in time like this for a handbag - - phooey , phooey , phooey ! butler enter officiously . butler ( to bolshevik ) I must ask you bolshevik ( brush butler aside ) and as trotsky say -- ( in Russian ) " any woman who spend a fortune for a silk purse be a sow 's ear . " ( in English . ) and that go for you , too ! close shot door to hall . while bolshevik be ranting , it open ; gaston enter briskly with a authoritative air , shut door behind he . mariette , bolshevik , and butler mariette be startle ; she do not know who or what the gentleman be . bolshevik be frighten . butler be momentarily nonpluss . close shot gaston he step forward commandingly . mo . shot mariette and bolshevik gaston go to bolshevik , put he arm patronizingly on he shoulder , and tell he politely but emphatically , in Russian , to leave . bolshevik make a protest remark . gaston tell he vigorously and effectively to scram . cowed , the bolshevik go . close shot door butler , recuperate and full of dignity , open door to the hall . bolshevik appear , turn to mariette and gaston . bolshevik ( in a final outburst ) phooey ! phooey ! and -- ( look for another word but fail to find it ; twice as loud . ) phooey ! butler shove he out , follow , shut door . close shot mariette and gaston . mariette be more bewilder by gaston than by the bolshevik . gaston ( look after the depart man ) his phooey be worse than he bite . ( turn to mariette . ) I must apologize for enter unannounced . if I be not mistaken , Madame colet ? mariette yes ...? gaston will you be good enough to look at this bag , madame ? ( he bring the bag forth , hand it to mariette . ) mariette ( with instant and joyful recognition ) that 's it ! yes , that 's it ! ... Jacques ! close shot door it open and butler enter . butler yes , madame ? close shot mariette mariette dismiss all the people in the hall . the bag have be find . butler' voice very well , madame . mariette and Jacques . call up the major and tell he -- no , do not call he . let he keep on search ! and Jacques -- ( phone ring . mariette pick up receiver and speak before the other party can speak . ) sorry -- the bag 's be find . ( she hang up . ) and Jacques -- close shot butler butler yes , madame ? close shot mariette mariette call Cohen , Cohen , ginsburg , and renault . give my thanks to m'sieu renault . ( in high spirit . ) thank they all ! butler' voice very well , madame . we hear door close . mariette look happily at bag , turn to gaston . mariette where do you -- she discover that gaston be no longer stand beside she . she look around . close shot another part of the room a beautiful chinese vase on a table . gaston , look at vase with appraise eye , be absorb , unaware that mariette have address he . close shot mariette she go toward gaston . close shot gaston still study the vase . mariette appear . he turn to she . mariette ( happily ) where do you find it ? gaston you know the main staircase in the opera ? mariette yes . gaston then you go to the leave . there 's a landing . mariette ( eagerly ) yes . gaston then you go into the foyer . mariette yes . gaston and as you leave the foyer , there be a little niche . mariette I know that niche . gaston and in that niche , there be a statue of venus . mariette I remember . gaston ( irrelevantly ) you like that statue ? mariette ( nonpluss ) not particularly . gaston neither do I . ( without any transition . ) that 's where I find it . mariette ( naively , not suspicious ) I do not know how I could have lose it there . I be nowhere near that niche . gaston oh ... that 's strange . maybe -- be you sure this be you bag ? mariette ( a little nettle ) of course it be ! be you doubting I ? gaston ( polite but precise ) not in the least , madame . but you see , it 's a very expensive bag - - one have to be careful . mariette ( half - annoyed , half - laugh , and a little conceit ) well -- I be Madame colet . gaston ( urbanely ) and I be m'sieu laval - - if you will allow I to introduce myself . mariette be perplex . they relationship have somehow be transformed . she be uncertain . then she yield . mariette ( with a little laugh ; extend she hand ) well - - how do you do , m'sieu laval ? gaston the pleasure be mine , madame . he bend over and kiss she hand . camera go quickly to a close - up of a beautiful diamond ring . as he kiss the hand gaston 's eye appraise the ring . STREET in paris François , package under arm , walk . it be apparent that he have purchase the handbag . live room close shot at table . gaston have just open the bag . gaston ( with the air of a honest man take inventory ) one purse -- ( shaking it ) empty . one vanity case -- ( open it ) mariette but really , m'sieu , this be not necessary . gaston please , Madame colet , I believe in do thing correctly . shall we continue ? ( he empty the bag . ) two hairpin , one cigarette lighter , one box of real match , and -- oh , yes , this letter from Major - - mariette ( quickly ) oh ! you do not read it ! gaston naturally I do . mariette oh ! gaston you need not be embarrassed , madame . a lady as charming as you would , and should , get love letter . mariette ( embarrassed and flatter ) m'sieu laval ! gaston but one suggestion , madame . ( shake he head . ) not the major . ( mariette look startle , as if to say , " how do you know ? " ) I do not mind he grammatical mistake . I will overlook he bad punctuation . but the letter have no mystery -- no bouquet -- no ... ( change the subject , take a lipstick out of bag . ) and one lipstick ... ( reading marking on bottom ; disapprove . ) scarlet number four . mariette what 's wrong now ? gaston with you skin , I prefer crimson . mariette ( now on a vital theme ) too much blue in crimson . gaston that 's what you need ! mariette no , no , no ! ( she sit on couch . he sit beside she . ) I disagree with you completely ! I try it once -- gaston what shade of powder do you use ? mariette peaches and cream . gaston that 's too dark . mariette ( fight for she life ) do you realize I have light eye ? gaston but , Madame colet , that 's a matter of eye shadow . I can straighten that out in two second . we hear a knock on the door . mariette ( annoyed at interruption ) come in ! close - up door butler come in , shut door quickly behind he . butler ( with a sour expression ) the major . close shot gaston and mariette on couch . she make a gesture of exasperation . so do gaston . they look at each other helplessly . then gaston take charge . he rise and go toward butler . hall mo . shot at live room door . Major stand wait . door open ; butler come out , follow briskly by gaston . gaston ( before Major can speak ) I be sorry , m'sieu , but Madame have better not see anyone . Major stare blankly . he never see gaston before . gaston you see , the bag have just be find , and the reaction of relief from she former excitement and strain be just a little too much for she . it 's not very serious , but just the same we would better not take any chance . major ( assume gaston be a physician ) just as you say , Doctor . gaston thank you , Major . ( go back toward live room . ) major good day , Doctor . gaston good day , Major . the camera go with Major toward entrance door . Major look crestfallen . STREET in front of mariette 's house . François , follow by camera , go to the door , ring bell . door be open by butler , and Major come out , butler remain in doorway . Major and François stare at each other . Major look pointedly at François 's package . then Major turn to butler . major Jacques , have the bag be find ? butler yes , Major . Major turn with bright smile to François , who look glum and glance instinctively at he package . major be Madame feel well ? butler no , Major . Major be still look at the unhappy François and have the time of life . major be Madame see anybody this afternoon , this evening , or even tomorrow ? butler no , Major . major you may shut the door , Jacques . butler close door . François , miserable , turn away from Major . major well . that leave you hold the bag . Goodbye ! Major lift he hat , go out of picture to right . François look after he angrily , then go out of picture to leave . live room couch close shot gaston and mariette . there be a moment of silence . gaston ( rise ) well , I think I would better be go . Goodbye , Madame colet . mariette ( rise ) Goodbye , m'sieu La -- oh , yes ... this be a rather delicate matter and I do not want to ... you see , if you read my advertisement carefully , you must have notice that there be ... gaston in other word , madame , it embarrass you to offer I the twenty thousand francs reward . mariette yes . gaston do not be embarrassed , madame . I will take it . I need the money . I wish I be in a position to ignore the whole matter . but you know , madame , the stock market , bank crash ... to make a long story short -- a member of the nouveaux poor . mariette ( look at he sympathetically ) then I be glad I lose the bag ! I will write you the check immediately . ( follow by camera , she go . ) hall mo . shot at staircase . come from live room , mariette go up the stair , follow by camera . at first landing , as mariette reach door -- gaston' voice Madame colet ! mariette ( turn ) yes , m'sieu laval ? gaston below shoot down from she angle . gaston do you know my first name ? close shot mariette mariette no . what be it ? tell I . close shot gaston follow by camera , he run up stair . at the landing , he go close to she . gaston ( whisper ardently ) gaston ! she look at he with a confuse smile . gaston ( still ardently ) and do you know what I would like to have you do with that check ? mariette ( softly , curious ) what ? gaston ( passionate ) make it out to cash ! mariette as you like . ( she open door and he follow she . ) long shot private office of former secretary , with glimpse into adjoining elegant bedroom in foreground at desk , be mariette . in bedroom background , gaston be see examine a painting on the wall with the air of a connoisseur . camera move to close - up of mariette . she be open and shutting drawer . mariette now , where can that checkbook be ? oh , dear I , dear I ! she must have leave it somewhere . it 's always the same -- when you be look for something , you can not find it . ( she continue mumble and slamm drawer . ) close shot gaston at the wall , still admire the painting . now he draw painting slightly away from wall and glance behind as if look for a safe . he allow painting to drop back into place . follow by camera , he go on look around . he stop before window , look out , study possible entrance and exit . close shot mariette at desk , still search . mariette I can not find that checkbook . I should have discharge she six month ago ! I really do not know what to do . where can I look now ? ( turn to gaston . ) m'sieu laval , I be very sorry , but -- she top short . gaston be not there . she see : door to former secretary's bedroom it be open . close shot mariette follow by camera , she go to bedroom . bedroom mo . shot at open door . mariette enter , stop . close shot bed gaston be study bed with the eye of a connoisseur . close shot mariette in doorway . she look mystify . she move toward he lightly because : close shot bed gaston apparently do not know she be in the room . he be still study bed with scholarly concentration . mariette enter , stop beside he . gaston ( with respect for the bed ) eighteenth century . mariette ( get it ; impressed ) yes ! gaston early eighteenth century . I should say around -- seventeen thirty . mariette right ! gaston ( examine headboard ) beautiful specimen . mariette it be beautiful . but I get a little tired of sleep in antique , so I give it to my secretary . gaston ( specially interested as he learn this be not mariette 's room ) oh ? ( he want to hear more . ) mariette this use to be my secretary 's room . gaston ( with affect nonchalance ) I see . ( go very close to headboard , touch woodwork with expert hand . ) she must have be very happy here . mariette ( with a smile ) too happy . that 's why I discharge she . gaston ( he eye catch by carve on one of the post ) be not that wonderful ! ( he turn to mariette . ) you see , madame -- ( he stop , notice something on the wall . ) mo . shot in the wall be a safe . camera move to close - up of safe . close shot mariette and gaston gaston ( inspire ) let I tell you something , madame , as a man who have have all kind of secretary ... I wonder if she put that checkbook in the safe ! mariette I hardly think so . but let 's look . ( she go toward safe . ) close shot safe mariette enter , start turn knob , lip move silently as she articulate number to herself . the camera pan she out and stop before gaston who be now close behind she , concentrate on the combination . close shot mariette's hand turn knob back and forth . close shot gaston' hand it be instinctively turn a imaginary knob , follow mariette 's pattern . close shot mariette and gaston mariette open safe . gaston take a swift good look into safe , but act casual in case mariette turn around . mariette ( rummage with she hand ) no , no . no , it 's not here . ( suddenly . ) oh ! what do you think of that ? ( she bring out two crisp package of bank note . ) a hundred thousand francs ! ( with a half -smile . ) you know , I do not have the slight idea -- gaston ( severely ) but , madame , you keep a hundred thousand francs -- in you safe - - at home ? mariette ( worried ) you think that 's too much ? gaston ( emphatically ) no ! not enough ! ( with the air of a banker . ) in time like this , when everything be uncertain , every conservative person should have a substantial part of he fortune within arm 's reach . mariette ( nodd with the gravity of a woman accept she banker 's advice ) that sound sensible . ( she go out of the picture , think it over . ) close shot little settee mariette enter , sit . mariette very sensible ! gaston enter , sit beside she . gaston ( sternly ; a uncle ) Madame colet , I think you deserve a scolding . first , you lose you bag -- mariette ( gaily ) then I mislay my checkbook -- gaston then you use the wrong lipstick -- mariette ( almost laugh ) and how I handle my money ! gaston it 's disgraceful ! mariette ( with a flirtatious look ) tell I , m'sieu laval , what else be wrong ? gaston everything ! ... Madame colet , if I be you father -- ( with a smile ) which , fortunately , I be not -- mariette ( coquettish ) ye -es ? gaston and you make any attempt to handle you own business affair , I would give you a good spanking -- in a business way , of course . mariette ( complete change of expression ; businesslike ) what would you do if you be my secretary ? gaston the same thing . mariette you be hire ! fade out sequence E fade in board of director room camera move along the table in close shot of member of the board . a excited murmur run along the table . camera stop in front of M. giron , the chairman , who be talk to the man beside he . now he turn to opposite end of table , rise . giron speak for the board of director as well as myself , if you insist , in time like this , on cut the fee of the board of director , then we resign . close shot gaston at opposite end . he get up with a air of authority . gaston speak for Madame colet as well as myself -- resign ! close -up giron giron ( haughtily ) very well ! ( he hesitates . ) we will think it over , m'sieu laval ! dissolve to : insurance office close shot of insurance agent at he desk . he be look over mme . colet 's policy . agent now , m'sieu laval , as for Madame colet 's life insurance , it total one million francs . there be five hundred thousand fire insurance and four hundred thousand against burglary . close -up gaston in a different suit . he begin to calculate with he finger and murmur figure . gaston ( after a moment ) then we would better increase the burglary insurance to eight hundred and fifty thousand francs . close -up agent agent ( happily ; with a little bow ) thank you , m'sieu laval ! close -up cook in the kitchen . Big , fat , motherly look . cook no potato , m'sieu laval ? close -up gaston in still another suit . he be stand , look stern . gaston no potato ! close -up cook cook yes , m'sieu laval . quick dissolve to : close -up butler in hall . butler ( answer a question ) no , m'sieu laval ! dissolve to : close - up a fluffy , pretty little may in gaston 's bedroom , hold a duster . maid ( play naughty ) maybe , m'sieu laval ! dissolve to : gymnasium close shot of mariette 's foot and leg in gymnasium outfit , shoot down on a angle . foot rise and camera follow movement arc-wise , come to rest on mariette 's face . mariette ( hold the position ) be this what you mean , m'sieu laval ? close shot gaston erect in sweater , arm fold . gaston absolutely , Madame colet . dissolve to : corridor close shot gaston in doorway to he office . even ; light be on . he wear a dark business suit . mariette's voice ( coaxingly ) now , m'sieu laval , please ! gaston frankly , madame , I be too tired . upper staircase from gaston 's viewpoint . mariette , in evening dress , be near landing . from downstairs , the music of a tango and laughter of guest . mariette do not you want to come down and join the party ? just a little tango -- no ? oh , you with you messy old papers and contract and money - money - money - - all that uninteresting thing ! close shot gaston in doorway . gaston they be very interesting to I , madame . and somebody in this house should worry about money . no , madame , really , I have to be up early in the morning . dissolve to : office close shot next morning of gaston at window , walk up and down dictating , follow by camera . we hear click of a typewriter . gaston New paragraph . furthermore , it be Madame 's wish -- close shot secretary type away at a appropriate desk be none other than we lily . she be demure in a little blouse and skirt . gaston' voice -- that while half of the interest shall be deposit as usual in Madame 's account -- close shot gaston gaston -- the other half , contrary to custom , shall be deliver in cash into Madame 's personal custody . ( follow by camera , he go to lily and take she in he arm . ) darling , that mean that on the second of June we will have eight hundred and fifty thousand francs . lily ( ecstatically ) and she jewelry be worth a fortune ! gaston no jewelry ! hand off jewelry ! if we be break - - all right . I might pick up a million - franc necklace . but in time like this when we be do a cash business -- why take a chance on jewelry ? lily get up , go to he . lily ( the way a wife talk to a husband when she want something special ) I know you be awfully busy , and I do not like to trouble you . but she have one little necklace -- you know , that one with the seed pearl ? it 's so quiet and simple . it would go just beautifully with my neck . gaston take she in he arm , move . they kiss . there be a knock at the door . they leap into employer and employee position . gaston come in ! door butler enter . butler m'sieu laval , Madame would like to talk to Mademoiselle gautier for a moment . close shot gaston and lily gaston very well , Jacques . we hear door close as butler go . lily turn to gaston . he look she over , straighten she hair a little , then pull the zipper on she blouse high up to the neck . dissolve to : mariette's bedroom close shot mariette in bed . Breakfast table . she be read a magazine . knock on door . mariette ( put down magazine ) come in . door close shot lily enter . she be now wear glass . ( under no circumstance shall she appearance be exaggerated . lily be play the part of a modest , polite little secretary . ) lily good morning , madame . close shot mariette mariette good morning , mademoiselle . ( she make a gesture invite lily to come closer . ) close shot lily she approach mariette . close shot mariette in bed . lily enter . mariette ( indicate a chair ) please . lily thank you . lily sit on a small chair by the bed . Breakfast table be between they . mariette ( busy at the breakfast tray ) you have have you breakfast -- oh , but of course you have . lily yes , madame . you see , I have to get up very early . ( chatter . ) my little brother go to school -- ( with control pathos . ) you see , mother be dead . mariette ( pour she own coffee ; make conversation ) yes , that 's the trouble with mother . first you get to like they and then they die . lily nod sad agreement . her glance drop to the floor . insert of a diamond ring on floor by bed . close shot lily she look at ring with undisguise desire for a instant . then she reach for it . insert lily 's hand lift ring from floor . close shot mariette and lily see that she have be observe , lily hand ring to mariette . mariette oh , thanks . with indifference she throw it over toward night table on the other side of the bed . night table a little jewel box , open . the ring fall in . close shot lily she look toward the jewel box with regret , finger itching . she pull herself together and sit on she hand . close shot mariette and lily mariette be just about to reach for the cream . lily , quick and polite , take the cream pitcher and pour for mariette . mariette thank you ! ... now , mademoiselle , the reason I ask you to come -- lily two lump , madame ? mariette please ! ( lily put sugar in coffee . ) thank you . lily ( take a spoon ) May I ? mariette nod graciously . lily stir the coffee . then she sit and resolutely put she hand under again . close shot mariette she lift cup , sip coffee . she look over at lily . close -up lily look downward modestly . close -up mariette she watch lily a moment to make sure she be not look . then she dunk a roll in the coffee and take a quick bite . close shot mariette and lily mariette now , Mademoiselle gautier -- lily yes , madame ? mariette you see -- ( she have just pick up some potato a la julienne -- thinly shred , noodle - like and crisp - - on she fork . then she speak furtively as she suddenly remember . ) oh , not a word to m'sieu laval ! lily about what ? mariette ( almost in a whisper ) potato . he do not want I to eat they -- ( with a little laugh ) and naturally I do not want to upset he . lily ( with a poisonous little giggle ) naturally not ! slowly she giggle die out , and she look at mariette with sly contempt . mariette now . uh--mademoiselle -- in the short time you have be m'sieu laval 's secretary , have you notice any change in he ? lily ( on guard ) well -- uh -- yes and no . mariette to I he seem rather nervous . lily nervous ? ( she take a chance . ) um-hum . he smoke too much ! mariette no , he work too much . ( lily nod with great relief . ) he 's chain to he desk . too much detail . now , if you could take over some of he work -- lily ( with deadly sweetness ) so he would not be confine so much to he office -- mariette ( innocently pleased ) yes ! and he would have a little more time for -- lily for all the really important thing -- mariette right ! lily ( rise ) I will do my best , madame , even if I have to work every night . mariette ( frighten ) oh , no , no , no , no , my dear child ! that 's ridiculous . you go home as usual -- five o'clock every day . now I be go to be a little bit of a tyrant -- I insist . it will be nice for you little brother , too . five o'clock -- remember ! lily very well , madame . thank you . ( she start to leave . ) close shot door lily open door . mariette's voice and , my dear -- lily ( turn ) yes , madame ? close shot mariette mariette how much be you salary ? close shot lily in doorway . lily Three hundred francs . close shot mariette mariette well , in time like this most people be cut salaries , but suppose we say , in you case , three hundred and fifty ? close shot lily lily oh , madame , you be just too sweet for word ! ( she go , shutting door . ) mo . shot office close to door . gaston be pace up and down . lily enter , quickly close door behind she . she take off she glass . she be seethe . gaston well , what do she want ? lily ( bitterly ) you ! and she 's willing to pay as high as fifty francs ! gaston what ? lily ( violently ) but it 's not enough ! mariette's bedroom close shot mariette , still in bed , talk into phone . mariette now , François , do not be silly . I have nothing against you ... oh , no , that 's all forget ... what ? ... not this week , François ... ( happily . ) Business , François , business ! office mo . shot which during the scene move to a closer shot of gaston and lily . as we pick they up both be pace up and down at the height of unpleasantness . gaston you be talk like a child . you know exactly what we be here for and what it 's all about . lily ( stop ) this woman have more than jewelry . gaston ( dismiss it ) ah ! lily do you ever take a good look at she -- uh -- gaston certainly ! lily they be all right , be not they ? gaston beautiful . and what of it ? ( go close to lily ; with conviction ) let I tell you something : so far as I be concerned , she whole sex appeal be in that safe ! lily ( look at he a moment ; suddenly fearful ) gaston . let 's open it -- right now ! let 's get away from here ! ( with great unhappiness ; hold back she tear . ) I do not like this place ! gaston ( take she in he arm ) oh , no , darling . there 's more sex appeal come on the first of the month . it 's only ten day ... ( Rolling it on he tongue . ) eight hundred and fifty thousand francs . lily ( cling to he ) darling , remember you be gaston monescu . you be a crook . I want you as a crook . I love you as a crook . I worship you as a crook . steal , swindle , rob -- but do not become one of that useless , good -for-nothing gigolos ! fade out sequence F fade in office close shot of clock on desk . it be 5 p.m. we hear five chime . against this shot of clock : lily voice good night , gaston darling . gaston' voice good night , sweetheart . we hear sound of a kiss . lily voice well , I leave you alone with that lady -- but if you behave like a gentleman -- ( slowly . ) I will break you neck ! ( with tenderness . ) Goodbye , darling ! we hear door open , close , and the sound of gaston return from the door , hum . dissolve to : close - up same clock , same angle it read 5:12 . we hear a knock at the door . gaston' voice come in . sound of the door open . mariette's voice ( pretend surprise at not see lily ) oh , m'sieu laval ... gaston' voice yes , Madame colet ? mariette's voice have Mademoiselle gautier go ? gaston' voice yes --uh -- mariette's voice ( with feign regret ) oh , that 's too bad . you see , I want she to do something . well , I guess I will have to do it myself . gaston' voice what be it , madame ? mariette's voice I want to ask she to ask you if you would be good enough to go out to dinner with I tonight . we hear she laugh . he join she . as the laugh get louder we dissolve to : close - up same clock five past nine . Light be different , room be almost in darkness . we hear phone ring several time . nobody answer . dissolve to : close - up same clock ten to eleven . so dark that we can barely see the hand . from outside , faint voice . we hear door open , and a bar of light fall across clock . gaston' voice good night , Madame colet . and let I tell you again -- you dance like a dream . mariette's voice ( coyly ) oh , no , it 's the way you lead . gaston' voice no , madame , it 's the way you follow . mariette's voice no , m'sieu ! gaston' voice yes , madame ! mariette's voice well , the evening be still young . let 's go down to the live room and talk it over . ( cheate by a hour . ) it 's only ten o'clock . she laugh . he apparently join she again . dissolve to : live room close - up of a different , more decorative clock on mantel . hand stand at eleven . as clock strike eleven , with dainty , rapid chime , pan along one side , follow mantel , until clock be out of picture , and we see two half - empty champagne glass . dissolve to : close shot window open window frame a view of garden . foreground be dark . above tree , a church steeple with a clock large enough so that we can read the time . it be twelve . as we hear , in splendid tone and a slower rhythm , the toll of midnight , pan over to the side . steeple be out of picture and full moon come in . dissolve to : hall upper end of stair Close shot of hall clock near mariette 's bedroom door . hand indicate the hour of two , and deep tone strike the hour . apparently there be only a dim light . camera pan to door of mariette 's bedroom . in half - open doorway stand mariette , evening dress , look toward office door , eye languorous . mariette ( reluctantly ) good night , m'sieu laval . close shot office door in half - open doorway stand gaston , white tie and tail . gaston ( low tone ) good night , Madame colet . mo . shot hall at one end , at she open bedroom door , be mariette . at other end , as we have see , be gaston . they look at each other for a vibrant moment . mariette ( since nothing happen ; sadly ) good night . gaston ( also sad ) good night . mariette go into she room , close door . gaston stand a moment in he doorway , undecided . then , with a decisive air , he go halfway toward mariette 's door . he stop abruptly at the one light , a lamp on the wall . he turn it out . then he go back to he office- bedroom slowly . camera move closer to he and up to he door . he go in , shut door , and we hear the lock click from inside . camera pan quickly to mariette 's door . we hear similar click . fade out sequence G fade in live room a large window , consist of four or five frame unit , front on a terrace garden in which a small informal party be underway . Close shot of the first frame , show part of garden and terrace . window be shut ; we can not hear what be go on . Beyond window , on terrace : a group of society people , teacup , butler serve cake from tray . mariette come from garden to join group , a cordial hostess as she move she eye be catch elsewhere . camera pan quickly to the last window frame , follow she glance , and stop before gaston and two very attractive young lady who seem delighted at what he be say . mariette come quickly into the picture and , pretend she want to introduce he to someone else , take gaston from he dangerous companion . camera move back along window with they . as soon as the two young lady be out of the picture , mariette bring gaston intimately close toward window and camera . ( assumption be that live room be empty and no one can see they from behind camera . ) charmingly and with a twinkle in she eye , she reprimand he , in a guard whisper , about flirt . he answer and apparently say something that make she laugh , disarming she . with a sudden return to party manner , she move with he along the frame window . camera go with they as she introduce he to a few little group . by this time , they be back in the first window frame , and now they move out of picture . camera continue past window and disclose inside corner of live room . in a chair , sit stiffly as if in a wait room , be M. giron , the chairman of the board , briefcase on knee , flower in buttonhole . he seem in a bad mood -- apparently the financial cut have not agree with he . we hear a door open . butler' voice m'sieu giron , Madame will be with you presently . giron very well , Jacques . we hear door close . giron , irritate , get up and , follow by camera , go toward the window . terrace close shot at window shoot into live room . giron come toward window and look into garden . his face get stern and angry as he see : garden close shot giron 's view , of gaston and the major , animatedly converse . camera angle must be so that gaston be more prominent , thus give impression that giron 's attention be focus on gaston . gaston no , no , my dear Major . there 's a limit to what you can do with infantry . if have you the proper artillery back , I would say -- maybe . terrace close shot toward window . behind window stand giron , mutter imprecation under he breath . close shot major and gaston major no , no , no ! I disagree with you absolutely . that 's the trouble with you artillery man . gaston now just a minute , Major - - major no , Captain , I tell you -- mariette come into the picture . mariette now , Major , you must not monopolize m'sieu laval . ( to gaston . ) please ! ( she lead gaston away , camera with they . they stop before another group . she introduce gaston . ) May I present m'sieu laval ? Madame chotard , Madame leconte , Madame poncelet . ( camera move with they to a lady and a gentleman . ) Madame rudaux , m'sieu legrand -- m'sieu laval . ( they move to François and a lady . ) m'sieu laval -- Madame boucher . m'sieu filiba . ( François bow , not recognize gaston . camera move along with they to other . ) m'sieu laval -- Madame jeantaud , m'sieu gentil . gaston , he back to camera , bow politely ; then suddenly -- a second " take " - - he look over he shoulder toward François . it be apparent he have recognize François . mariette move gaston along . close shot françois and lady lady that 's that m'sieu laval . françois laval ? who be m'sieu laval ? lady I do not know . she say he 's she secretary . François turn and look searchingly at gaston , who have pause with mariette at another group . françois oh ? ... so ! lady and he say he be she secretary . maybe I be wrong -- maybe he be she secretary . ( she laugh cynically . ) close shot gaston mariette have apparently leave the last group , and he remain . the other , at the moment , be busy with tea and cake ; no one talk . gaston , back to camera , steal another look over he shoulder at François . close shot françois from gaston 's viewpoint . he be stare at this new and dubious figure in mariette 's life -- gaston . close shot gaston with the group . he see that François be stare at he , become a little uncomfortable . with sudden decision , he turn to the group . gaston Excuse I , please . follow by camera , he step over to François . camera stop in a close shot on gaston , François , and lady . gaston bow to lady , face François . gaston pardon I , m'sieu , but I have the feel we have meet somewhere before . françois ( snobbish , polite ) I be sorry , but I do not seem to recall the occasion . no , I be afraid ... gaston ( courteously ) well -- then it must be my mistake . ( bow . ) I beg you pardon . he smile , ignore the snub , as François stand with freeze superiority . gaston go . François look after he . françois ( to the lady ) that man never meet I , and he know it . try to make social connection ! live room mariette and giron on a table be a pile of business papers and a empty briefcase . giron have fountain pen in he hand , ready to turn it over to mariette for signature . mariette ( with a despair little laugh ) but my dear m'sieu giron , I be have a tea party . must I be bother with all this papers now ? giron I be sorry , madame , but there be still certain matter which I think you should attend to yourself . and I , personally , would not care to refer they to -- to -- ( he hesitates . ) mariette to m'sieu laval ? giron do not answer . there be a pause . giron ( with dignity ) Madame colet , I have enjoy the confidence of you family for more than forty year . ( with great feel . ) I be a school friend of you husband 's ... mariette ( look at he white hair , which tell the whole story of she marriage ; grimly ) I know ! giron Madame , let I ask you : who be m'sieu laval , anyhow ? where do he come from ? what be he ? mariette ( crisply ) he be my secretary ! I hope that answer all you question , m'sieu giron . giron ( after a pause ) you know what Paris be say about the countess falconier and she chauffeur ? mariette ( outrage - - furious , then icy ; turn to door ) Jacques ! close shot door it open ; butler enter . butler yes , madame ? close shot mariette and giron mariette ask m'sieu laval if he will be good enough to come in . butler' voice very well , madame . we hear the door close . garden close shot of lady and François at a table . François be very fidgety . lady now , please . please calm yourself ! françois I be like that -- I can not help it ! I know I never meet that man , and yet -- ( look in gaston 's direction . ) laval , laval ... you know , if I like a man , I remember he . and if I do not like a man , I never forget he . in a nutshell , madame , it 's little thing like that that drive I crazy ! Excuse I ! ( he get up and walk out of the picture . ) close shot gaston in garden . he be about to join another group when François stop he . françois m'sieu laval ... gaston yes , m'sieu filiba ? françois you see -- ( he stop to look gaston over from all angle , torture with uncertainty . shake he head and smile . ) no , no ! and yet -- ( he look at gaston intently again . ) do I -- do -- now where could we have -- they be interrupt by entrance of butler . butler ( to gaston ) pardon I , m'sieu . Madame colet would like to see you in the live room . gaston at once , Jacques . ( to François . ) we will continue later . he go . François now have jealousy add to he confuse suspicion . as he glare after gaston the major enter . major now see here , my good man , let 's face the fact . I be have a dinner party , and one man turn I down at the last minute . ( very cut . ) have you a dinner jacket ? ( François stiffen . ) mo . shot live room giron and mariette . the situation be tense . gaston enter . gaston ( with a bow ) Madame . mariette will you be good enough to run through this papers with m'sieu giron ? gaston I will be delighted . mariette ( to giron , sharply ) and so will m'sieu giron . giron bow . mariette turn . live room door mariette go out . close shot giron and gaston for a moment the man eye each other . gaston smile , but giron maintain a frigid face . gaston calmly take the papers , sit , and start to go over the figure . giron m'sieu laval , there be several thing I have want to ask you for quite a while . I understand you be from marseille . gaston ( pretend to be absorb in the figure ; absently ) um-hum ... giron ( persistently ) you must be related to the laval of marseille . gaston ( with pretense of be mildly distract ) just a second . he go over the papers even more thoroughly , turn several page , then turn back , apparently compare item , mutter figure to himself . giron ( sarcastically ) I hope you find the figure correct . gaston ( pointedly ) I hope so , too . giron ( with indignation ) m'sieu laval , I have enjoy the confidence of this family -- gaston ( not look up ) for more than forty year . so Madame tell I . giron ( change of tone ; very deliberately ) and I have know the laval of marseille for more than thirty year . close shot gaston deaf to giron , concentrate on figure , he turn absently to the window and suddenly come awake , for he see : close shot window gaston 's viewpoint . outside window , on terrace , stand François . he be stare at gaston as if to say , " where do I see he ? " big close - up gaston he smile cordially at François . close shot françois through window . he begin to smile , then shake head as if say , " no , that 's not the fellow . " he go out of the picture . close shot gaston and giron gaston still smile toward window . now he turn back to the papers and begin mutter more figure . giron ( in a cut voice ) m'sieu laval , you seem to be avoid my question . gaston and you , m'sieu giron , seem to be disturbing my examination of this report . giron examination ! m'sieu laval , what be you insinuate ? I have enjoy the confidence of this family for more than forty year . how long have you enjoy Madame 's confidence ? Three week , I believe . gaston ( coolly ) two week and three day . giron ( nastily ) um-hum ! gaston ( very softly ) be you insinuate anything , m'sieu giron ? giron ( with equal softness and a sudden smile ) no , not at all ! gaston ( beam ) well , that 's fine . then you be not insinuate that I be avoid question . and I be not insinuate that you will not let I examine this report . giron ( continue the friendly note ; with a innocent chuckle ) I be only ask if you be related to the laval of marseille . gaston ( even more friendly ) and I be only ask you if you would let I examine you report without interruption . giron ( like a man about to make a new friend ) I do not see why any man should get excited when he be ask about he hometown . gaston and I do not see any reason for any man get nervous when somebody check over the figure of he report . giron ( sudden change ; enraged ) be you insinuate that this be not a honest report ? gaston ( with vigor ) I be only insinuate that you be nervous . giron ( furious ) nervous ! why should I be nervous ? gaston ( with deadly sincerity ) I do not know , m'sieu giron ! outrage , giron pick up the batch of papers , shake it in gaston 's face . giron be you try to say that there be anything in this figure to make I nervous ? gaston pause , and we see he suspicion have become a certainty . gaston ( with a quiet smile ) no , not at all . with quick , casual movement , gaston take the report from giron 's hand , drop it in desk , lock desk , and put key in he pocket . giron be speechless , frighten to he heel . gaston ( get up ; amiably ) we will keep this papers here . ( take giron by the arm , he lead he toward door . camera follow they from behind . ) and tomorrow morning I will drop in at you office , and I will tell you all about the laval of marseille . ( giron look back over he shoulder toward the desk in a panic . ) and there will not be any tea party to interrupt we ! they reach the door . he escort giron out , follow , close the door . garden close shot at a table . on table be a ashtray . François be sit by table , a unlight cigarette in he hand , very thoughtful , still try to place gaston . he put cigarette in he mouth , take a match from ashtray , which be equip with matchbox . he light cigarette and suddenly look at ashtray . close shot ashtray it be make in the shape of a gondola . close -up françois stare at the gondola . we see that he mind be grapple , try to connect gondola , Venice , and gaston . he rise , brain work . mo . shot door in entrance hall in the half - open doorway stand gaston . gaston ( out toward street ) Goodbye , m'sieu giron ! he shut door quickly and go out of picture toward stairway . long shot stairway gaston run quickly up . mo . shot office at the door . gaston open door , enter , close it quickly with great excitement . close shot desk lily be type . she be startle at gaston 's sudden entrance and get up . close shot gaston at door . follow by camera , he go to lily . gaston do you know who be here ? ( there be a knock on the door . lily go quickly back to typewriter . ) come in ! close shot door butler open . butler m'sieu laval , m'sieu filiba would like very much to see you . close shot lily and gaston gaston in a moment . we hear door shut . lily get up , puzzle . the name sound slightly familiar to she . lily filiba ... gaston yes --filiba ! Venice -- Grand Hotel -- room two fifty - three -- lily ( it dawns on she ) five , seven , and nine -- gaston yes ! ( with swift reassurance . ) now do not worry ! follow by camera , he hasten out , close door behind he . long shot stairway gaston come quickly down , go out toward entrance door . entrance hall close shot of François , wait , hat in hand , ready to leave . gaston enter . françois I want to say goodbye to you . gaston ( quickly ) Goodbye , m'sieu filiba . ( he start away . François stop he . ) françois but before I say goodbye I want to ask you one question : have you ever be in Venice ? gaston no . françois you have never be in Venice ? gaston no ... ( suddenly . ) have you ever be in Vienna ? françois ( take aback ) no . gaston Amsterdam ? françois no. gaston constantinople ? françois no. gaston ( with astonishment ) you have never be in constantinople ? françois no ! gaston but you have be in Venice ? françois yes ! gaston let I tell you , Venice can not compare with constantinople . françois but -- gaston I do not care what you say ! in constantinople at least you have street , sultan , pashas - - françois ( up a new alley ; with a new , naughty interest ) and harem ... ? gaston all kind . François lean over and whisper a question . gaston nod vigorously , then lean over and whisper in François 's ear . François 's eye get bigger and bigger . the two man look at each other with a big smile . François extend he hand . françois ( as they shake ; almost sing ) well --con-stan-ti-nople ! follow by camera , François go toward street door , open it , then stop and turn around . his face suddenly sober . he look at gaston . close shot gaston at foot of staircase . he bow smilingly to François . close shot doorway François look searchingly at gaston for a long moment , then turn and depart , still puzzle . mo . shot gaston once door be shut , there be a swift change on he face . he turn and dash upstairs . office close shot at door . gaston enter and , follow by camera , go swiftly to desk , past lily , who stand fearful and ready for action , straight to the phone . gaston Éysée seven , eight , nine , two . ( to lily . ) we have to clear out . ( into phone . ) railroad station ? ticket office , please . lily ( excitedly ) he recognize you ! gaston no -- not yet -- but -- ( into phone . ) two ticket to berlin-- first class and sleeper -- night train ... right ... right ... leave they in the name of -- Don ignacio fernandez ... right ... thank you . ( hang up . ) lily ( who already have get at a telephone directory ) Spanish passport ? gaston correct . now the train leave -- lily at twelve twenty . I know . ( she grab phone . ) Lyons two , four , seven , one . ( Hand over mouthpiece . ) two more day and we would have seven hundred and fifty thousand francs more ! gaston well , we will have to take what 's here . a bird in hand be worth two in jail . lily ( into phone ) hello ... be this the Spanish consulate ? this be doña ignacio fernandez . ( in Spanish . ) my husband and I be leave tonight for Berlin ... be it too late to get a visa this afternoon ... ? thank you , thank you . ( she hang up . to gaston ; in English . ) how long will it take you ? gaston I do not know . fortunately , she have a dinner engagement tonight . I will meet you at the station -- midnight . ( lily hasten out . phone ring . gaston answer . ) hello ... yes ? what ? ... you find a handbag ? well , you be three week too late ! ( he hang up . lily swiftly return , wear hat and jacket . ) lily well , see you at the Berlin Express . gaston by the way , how be you german ? lily grossartig--kolossal ! gaston also , um zwoelf uhr. lily be berliner Zug . gaston auf wiedersehn . lily auf wiedersehn . a quick kiss . she speed out . gaston ( into phone ) marchand two , nine , one , one ... hello ... be this the petit flower shop ? this be Don ignacio fernandez . I would like you to take five dozen rose -- deep red rose -- and I would like you to put they in a basket and send the basket tomorrow morning to Madame mariette colet . the Madame colet ... yes ... you have the address ? ... good ! and attach a card : " in memory of the late m'sieu laval " . . tomorrow morning -- ten o'clock .. . yes . [ what ? ... charge it to Madame colet . yes . ] thank you . fade out sequence h fade in dine room major' apartment table be for twenty - four people . butler at table . Major enter , half - dress : tuxedo trousers , stiff shirt without collar , dress gown . butler give he the place card , already stack in order . Major put first card at head of table . as he do : insert table Major 's hand put down card read Major . close shot major look at second place card , smile , put it at next place . as he do : insert table Major 's hand put down card read Madame colet . close shot major look at next card . smile disappear . he give butler a reproving look . follow by camera , he go with the card to other end of the table . insert table Major 's hand put down card read M. François filiba . dissolve to : frankois' bathroom François , in underwear , shave brush in one hand and safety razor in the other , sit on edge of bathtub , still try to figure out where he see gaston . dissolve to : staircase mariette's house mo . shot at door to she bedroom . mariette , in evening gown and wrap , come out . about to go downstairs , she stop . follow by camera , she go to office door , knock . door open , and gaston appear . gaston yes , madame ? mariette ( very charming ) what be you go to do with my day tomorrow , m'sieu laval ? gaston ( look at she a moment with real feel , know he be say goodbye ) well , we will have breakfast in the garden . mariette ( nodd ) um-hum ... gaston then riding together . mariette ( nodd ) um-hum ... gaston then lunch in the bois -- mariette together . gaston then a little nap -- mariette ( restrain a automatic " together " and smile , a bit embarrassed ) how do you like my dress ? gaston ( meaning it ) beautiful . mariette ( seductively ) Hair ? gaston marvelous . mariette ( closer ; softly ) lipstick ? gaston lean to inspect she mouth ; any moment they might kiss . gaston crimson ! mariette ( still softer ) correct ! ( after a slight pause ; extend she hand . ) good night . gaston ( take hand ; slowly ) good night . ( he kiss she hand . ) mariette ( without withdraw hand ) good night . gaston ( slowly let hand drop ; in a slightly different voice ) Goodbye . he remain in doorway look after she as , follow by camera , she go to the staircase . when she be down a few step : gaston' voice Madame . mariette ( pause on step ) yes ? close shot gaston in office doorway . gaston be you stay out late ? staircase from gaston 's view . Big close - up of mariette . she look at he with eagerness , think he have amorous design . close -up gaston he see she misunderstand , be a little embarrassed . staircase Close - up of mariette . she misinterprets he embarrassment . mariette why do you ask ? close -up gaston he cannot tell the truth and be so truly smitten that he hate to lead she on . close -up mariette convinced he be shyly in love with she and need assistance . mariette ( repeat softly ) why do you ask , m'sieu laval ? close shot gaston gaston ( with a helpless smile ) do I have to answer ? close -up mariette her lip form the inaudible whisper answer . mariette ( soundlessly ) no ! close shot gaston in doorway . he bow , return into office ; door shut . close shot mariette look after he a instant , then , follow by camera , go slowly downstairs , very happy ; she love affair be come to a head . she stop . on impulse , she turn and , follow by camera , go quickly up stair to he office and enter , close door behind she . dissolve to : lily HOTEL room lily be pack -- gaston 's clothes and she own . she gaily hum a well - know Spanish fandango . long shot upper staircase mariette 's home , include office door and door to mariette 's bedroom . butler come up stair , go to mariette 's door , knock . door to office open and mariette come out , now without she wrap . mariette yes , Jacques ? close shot butler turn , puzzle to see mariette in office doorway . butler the car be wait , madame . close shot mariette mariette I will not need the car , Jacques . I be not go . she turn back , shut office door . close shot butler at bedroom door . butler ( daze ) very well , madame ! follow by camera , he start down staircase , mutter to himself . close shot office door door open ; gaston come out quickly . gaston Jacques ! butler on staircase ; from gaston 's point of view . he stop . butler yes , m'sieu laval ? close shot gaston gaston Madame have change she mind . she will be down in a minute . he go into office , shut door . close shot butler butler ( still one beat behind ) very well , m'sieu ! follow by camera , he continue down stair , punch -drunk . close shot mariette and gaston in office . gaston have just close door . mariette but I tell you I do not want to go . gaston but you have a engagement , and I do not want people to talk . mariette talk ? about I -- about we ? gaston precisely . mariette ( ironically ) afraid I be ruin you reputation , m'sieu laval ? gaston no -- yours , madame . mariette ( after a slight pause ) m'sieu laval , I have get a confession to make to you ... gaston , remember that lily once use the same phrase before she he a crook , turn with a flash of alarm . mariette you like I . in fact , you be crazy about I . otherwise , you would not worry about my reputation . be not that so ? gaston look at she with relief and delight . she be as charming as if she herself be a crook . mariette but incidentally , let I tell you , I do not like you . I do not like you at all ! ( go close to he . ) I would not hesitate one instant to ruin you reputation -- like that ! ( she snap she finger . ) gaston ( loving the game ; step closer ) you would ? mariette ( even closer ) yes , I would ! gaston ( snap he finger ) like that ? mariette ( snap she finger again ) like that ! gaston ( play tough ) I know all you trick . mariette ( also tough ) and you be go to fall for they . gaston so you think you can get I ? mariette any minute I want ! gaston you be conceit -- mariette but attractive -- gaston now , let I tell you -- mariette shut up -- kiss I ! ( gaston embrace and kiss she . she kiss he ardently , then frees herself for a moment , hold he off . ) wasting all this marvelous time with argument ! ( kiss he again . he take she in he arm . ) close shot gaston' telephone it ring several time . no one answer . lower hall telephone close shot it be ringing - - a different tone from the one we have just hear . butler enter and answer . butler hello ... well , I will try he again . ( he push a button . ) yes , he 's in he office , but he 's busy ... Madame colet ? she 's still here - - yes ... but she 's busy , too ... well , I will ring again . landing on upper staircase mo . shot office door . telephone still ringing inside . nobody seem to answer . lily HOTEL room close shot lily at phone , put down receiver . she sit , very thoughtful . she try to hum the fandango she have be hum so gaily before . now it come in fragment as she move about , sit , get up . she be worried and suspicious . dissolve to : mo . shot upper staircase Hall clock be strike eight . butler come up stair , go to office door , and knock . to he multiple confusion , behind he mariette 's door open and gaston appear . gaston yes , Jacques ? close shot butler he turn to gaston 's new location . butler m'sieu giron be downstairs . gaston ( with vast authority ) tell m'sieu giron I can not see he now . impossible ! ( butler be about to leave . ) and , Jacques . dismiss the car ! Madame be not go . ( he turn back into mariette 's room , shut door . ) butler ( by now a confirm cynic ) yes , m'sieu laval ! follow by camera , shaking he head , he go down . close shot mariette's bedroom door it open . mariette appear . mariette Jacques ! close shot butler butler ( look dizzily in wrong direction ) yes , madame -- ( turn . ) yes , madame ! close shot mariette mariette do not dismiss the car ! I will be down in a few minute . ( she shut door . ) butler close shot he find he jittery way down the stair . bedroom close shot mariette and gaston at foot of bed . bed be untouched . on bed be she wrap . mariette pick up wrap . gaston ( passionately ) I want you to stay , mariette . you have get to stay . you can not go now ! mariette I must go . gaston I be crazy about you ! mariette ( hold he off ) I know it . gaston I love you . mariette I believe you . gaston then why do you want to go ? mariette because I want to make it tough for you . gaston take she in he arm , kiss she passionately . she return kiss with even great passion . mariette ( still in he arm ; genuine feel in its full wisdom ) we have a long time ahead ... close - up a mirror in the room the couple be see at one angle , as dialogue continue . mariette week ... close - up another mirror another angle on the couple as she say : mariette month ... mo . close shot on the empty bed they embrace shadow lie the length of the bed , give the effect of two body in a sex embrace on the bed , as she say : mariette year ! ... close shot both still embracing she continue : mariette think of that , gaston - - the future lie bright before we ! a real struggle go on in gaston . she kiss he tenderly , frees herself , and , follow by camera , go to door , stop , turn . mariette ( breathless ; in a very low voice , make the rendezvous for later ) eleven o'clock ! ( she be go ; door close . ) close shot gaston a man in love , completely shake . he sit on bed , think , then take telephone slowly , decisively . gaston Élysée seven , eight , seven , nine . lily HOTEL room the luggage be pack and in order . follow by camera , lily , dress for travel , pace nervously up and down . phone ring . she rush to phone . lily hello ... darling ! oh , darling , it 's good to hear you voice ! I think you would never call ! I try to get you ... what ? what ? ( camera move to big close - up of she . ) tomorrow morning ? why ? ( tear come into she eye . ) of course ... um-hum ... um-hum ... ( with a brave , cheerful tone . ) that sound reasonable -- very reasonable ... fade out sequence I fade in live room major' home close - up of mariette . it be after dinner . we hear voice and music . her thought be with gaston . she sip from a champagne glass . medium close - up to include she chair and a small table . she put glass on the table and , oblivious to other guest , lean back dreamily , anticipate a night of love , eye close . camera pan to a couch not too near mariette . François and the major , smoking cigar . camera move to close -up . they be watch mariette . they exchange a look of understanding . they have become friend , realize that neither have a chance with mariette . major ( intimately ) no doubt about it -- it 's that secretary . françois funny , the kind of man woman fall for . major no color , no sparkle -- but dependable . françois the type they marry . major you know , I be not the marrying type . I like to take my fun and leave it . françois ( inspect the major ; friendly ) Nice suit . major like it ? françois smart . London , eh? major ogilvie and Oglethorpe . françois I think so . both man lean back . a moment of silence . françois ( patronizingly ) he 's really not a bad fellow . major just dull . françois insignificant ... he 's a secretary , always be a secretary , always will be . major ( with a smile ) funny -- the first time I see he I think he be a doctor ! françois ( sit up suddenly ) doc--! François look stricken . Major , worried , think François have a heart attack . François get up ; Major get up . François stare into space , then unseeingly at Major . Major become alarmed . François sit . Major sit with he . with sudden decision , François snap he finger , stand up . Major also stand up . François , follow by camera , go straight to mariette . Major , in a daze , follow . mariette be still dream . François tap she on the shoulder . she look up . his expression frighten she . François , wave he hand , try to talk . the word do not come . finally one escape he . françois tonsils ! ( Major and mariette think the man have go insane . ) positively tonsils ! dissolve to : very close shot gaston' bedroom window from outside . behind the glass , gaston 's hand drum on the pane nervously . camera pull back , and we see gaston look into the night , wait restlessly . suddenly he turn around sharply toward the door . apparently someone have knock at the office door . camera swing over to the next window , and we recognize the office , which adjoin gaston 's bedroom . through office window we see butler , who have knock on bedroom door , wait . bedroom door open , and gaston emerge it be apparent that butler deliver a message . camera move down one floor and stop in a close shot of live room window from outside . behind the glass stand giron . he also drum nervously on the pane . live room close shot at door to the corridor . door open . gaston enter . close shot giron he turn . gaston come into picture . gaston ( impatiently ) I be very sorry , but this be no time , m'sieu giron - - giron ( emphatically ) I have get to see you . gaston but not now . giron right now ! it 's very important , m'sieu laval . gaston it may be important to you , m'sieu giron - - giron no , to you -- m'sieu monescu . pause , as they face each other . gaston ( cordially ) wo not you sit down ? ext . major' villa in entrance driveway stand mariette 's car . close shot of entrance door . mariette come out , follow by Major and François . all be excited . major and françois but , mariette , please ... now listen - - it 's true ... follow by camera , they approach car . mariette it 's absolutely ridiculous ! I do not believe it ! major and françois but , mariette -- mariette I be awfully tired anyhow . so please leave I alone . good night ! ( she step into car . chauffeur shut car door and go out of picture to driver 's seat . François and Major linger awkwardly . door open and mariette lean out . ) I have a very lovely time ! ( door dose . ) long shot shoot toward the car from opposite side . View of house and Major and François be cover by car . car pull away . we see Major and François move toward house , chummy , animatedly talk . françois so I say to myself , " all right , if he want to look at they , let he look at they . no harm in that . " and then he say , " say ah ! " and that 's all I remember ... they disappear into house . mariette's live room mo . shot gaston and giron at door to hall . giron ( think he be the winner ) so ... you will pack you thing at once ! gaston ( with deceptive humility ) yes , m'sieu . giron and you will be out by tomorrow morning . gaston very well , m'sieu . giron otherwise I will call the police gaston yes , m'sieu . ( giron be about to leave . ) m'sieu giron ! giron what be it ? gaston ( open a new subject ) you have enjoy the confidence of this family for more than forty year . you must be a man of about -- about sixty - five . ( giron look puzzle and uneasy . ) let 's see -- ( gaston count on he finger . ) you will be exactly eighty - seven when you come out of prison . giron ( outrage ) what do you mean ? gaston you say I be a crook . giron I know it ! gaston ( amiably curious ) then why do not you call the police ? why do not you call the police ? ( conversationally . ) I will tell you why -- you crook , you . giron ( tremble with indignation ) m'sieu ... gaston ( helpfully ) monescu . giron m'sieu monescu ! gaston ( with a smile ) just call I gaston . int . mariette's car as it drive along . Close shot of mariette . she know that François tell the truth . mo . shot entrance door to mariette 's house . it open , and giron emerge , full of dignity and indignation . gaston , in the doorway , be a smile host . gaston ( call after he ) good night , adolph ! giron stop in he track as gaston shut door . stairway gaston hasten up . he reach landing and be about to enter he office , when outer doorbell ring . exasperate , he hasten down . hall close shot at entrance door . gaston open . there stand giron , furious . giron do not you dare to call I adolph ! gaston slam door in giron 's face and turn back . stairway gaston start up . upper landing be about to enter office , think a moment , then go toward mariette 's bedroom door . long shot her bedroom int . it be dark . door open . gaston enter , shut door , turn on wall switch , flooding room with light . he move to a night table by the bed , on which be a small lamp , turn on the lamp , then go back to wall switch and turn off main light . room be now in soft shadow , with only the small light . he turn to window , see that shade be not down , go toward the window . close shot of same window from outside . gaston appear , be just about to pull down shade when he glance toward he own bedroom in other wing of house . he see : camera pan quickly to other wing of house and stop outside gaston 's bedroom window . behind window stand lily look across at he . the situation be clear ; she know the worst . she look menacingly calm . mariette's bedroom window from outside . gaston be in trouble and he know it . he go quickly toward door . gaston' bedroom window from outside . lily , have see gaston leave mariette 's room , pause , make up she mind , then draw the curtain close . gaston' bedroom inside close shot at door . it open . gaston rush in , look toward window , do not see lily , turn , and see : close shot lily at the wall safe . she have one hand on the dial and be face gaston defiantly . close shot gaston follow by camera , he go to lily . gaston be you insane ? you have to get out of here at once ! she may come back any minute . lily ( grimly ) what time be you rendezvous ? gaston ( frantic ) now , lily -- lily yes , m'sieu colet ? gaston ( staggered ; recover ; desperate ) you have to get out of here ! lily ( bitterly ) that 's what I be here for - - to get out ! I want to get away from here , from you -- as fast as I can and as far as a hundred thousand francs will take I . ( she return to the safe , hand on dial . ) sixty -five , ninety - four -- gaston do not you realize -- lily thirty - five to the leave -- sixty - three , eight ... I would not fall for another man if he be the biggest crook on earth ... seventy -six , eighty - four , fifty - five -- ( suddenly face he ; bitterly . ) what have she get that I have not get ? gaston lily , you must listen to I . lily shut up ! do not make up any storey ! gaston but , lily -- lily do not you dare lie to I ! ( ironically . ) I know you love I . ( pause . he be helpless . ) well , why do not you say something ? come on -- be brilliant . talk yourself out of it -- bluff yourself in ! ( gaston make a effort to speak . ) shut up , you liar , you ! ( she turn back to safe , open it , look inside . ) that 's what I want ! ( take out the stack of bank note . ) this be real ! money ! Cash ! STREET in front of mariette 's house . her car come , stop . mo . shot hall gaston 's door . lily come out , very excited , close door behind she . follow by camera , she run down step , across hall , toward entrance door . doorbell ring . she stop . butler' pantry butler in a chair , half -asleep . Bell ring again . he get up and go out . hall mo . shot at entrance door . lily have disappear . butler come , open door . mariette enter . butler good evening , madame . sweep past he , follow by camera , mariette go up stair . she pause at she bedroom door . change she mind , she go to gaston 's door . she knock . mo . shot mariette's bedroom door from hall . gaston open the door . he see mariette , smile , and open she door very wide , welcoming she to she own room . close shot mariette at gaston 's door to he office - and -bedroom suite . she smile at he enigmatically . instead of respond , she open he door and go in , leave door open . as she go she give he another smile , as if to say , " this be where it 's go to be . " close shot gaston puzzle , but not worried . he close she door and go toward he own door . gaston' bedroom mariette stand in the center of the room . gaston enter , close door , go toward she . camera move to close shot of both . she embrace he -- they kiss . then , languorously , she take off she wrap . he help she . she drop wrap on bed . then she reach for she necklace with the seductive air of a woman about to disrobe . she take off the necklace , the jewele pin on she bosom , then she bracelet and ring . mariette ( as he watch she ; a lover , but careful ) when a lady take she jewel off in a gentleman 's room , where do she put they ? gaston ( gallantly ) on the night table . mariette ( provocatively ) but I do not want to be a lady . she kiss he lightly and move out of the picture , the jewel in she hand . close shot safe mariette enter with the intention of open the safe . close -up gaston he be startle . he go quickly toward she . close shot safe mariette be about to turn the dial . gaston enter . gaston ( helpfully ) May I ? mariette ( again with that smile ; playful ) ah , let I have a little fun . gaston ( play the game ; graciously ) please ! ( he move away . ) close shot armchair gaston enter , sit on the arm of the chair , and lean back , smile , on guard . mariette ( beginning to dial ) now let I see-- sixty - five , ninety - four - - gaston thirty - three -- mariette no--thirty -five ! ( she laugh . ) close -up gaston he laugh , too . they be apparently have a jolly time . close -up mariette she continue to dial . mariette thirty -five ... ( very casually . ) you know , François - - m'sieu filiba - - think you be a very remarkable man . close - up gaston for one swift instant he face tell we that now he know the worst . mariette's voice he be at the dinner tonight . close -up mariette mariette ( continue to dial ) sixty - three , eight -- close -up gaston gaston mariette ! close -up mariette she turn toward he charmingly . mariette ( with pretend innocence ) yes , gaston ? close shot mariette and gaston gaston what would you say if you find you safe have be rob ? mariette I would not say anything -- I would act . gaston call the police ? mariette instantly . gaston ( as if to say , " it 's a good idea " ) um-hum ... mariette ( lightly ) but why talk about robbery on a night like this ? she pause -- be it ironically ? he be not quite sure . he take a last chance . gaston ( ardently ) you look beautiful . mariette thank you . ( turn back coolly to safe . ) seventy -six , eighty -- gaston ( rise ; the game be over ) mariette ! mariette yes , gaston ? gaston you have be rob -- for year . and not a hundred thousand francs , but million . and you know who do it ? adolph . mariette adolph ? gaston adolph J. giron . mariette ( laugh at he ) and you expect I to believe that ? gaston naturally not . but I expect the police to believe it . ( he go out to night table . ) close shot night table gaston enter , pick up telephone . close shot mariette at the safe . frightened , she go quickly to telephone . close shot telephone mariette enter , take receiver out of gaston 's hand , set it back . mariette no ! gaston why not ? he 's a thief - - he 's a criminal . mariette I do not believe it ! gaston then why be you afraid to let I prove it ? mariette turn away . she be beginning to suspect there might be truth in what he say . gaston ( ironically ) it would be a terrible scandal , would not it ? mariette ( to herself ) giron ...! gaston yes , giron ! Chairman of the board of colet and company . honorary president of the orphans ' asylum . adolph J. Giron--distinguished citizen ! ... well , shall I call the police ? ( mariette 's silence eloquently say no . ) I see ! you have to be in the social register to keep out of jail . but when a man start at the bottom and work he way up -- a self - make crook -- then you say , " call the police ! put he behind bar ! lock he up ! " ( he glare at she indignantly , then go to the safe . ) close shot safe gaston enter , give the dial one turn , and safe open . the papers inside be in complete disorder . close shot mariette stare at the open safe . close shot gaston he go toward she . close shot mariette gaston enter , bow formally . gaston I do not seem to have my call card with I , Madame colet . so permit I to introduce myself informally -- gaston monescu . I assure you in my own circle I be very well know . mariette look at he sadly for a moment . she get up , restrain tear . mariette you want a hundred thousand francs , and I think you want I . gaston be deeply move . mariette turn , move sadly toward window . close shot window curtain be now open . we see the church steeple -- the same one we see romantically before . mariette enter and lean she head against the window , she back to the camera . the church clock strike eleven . close shot gaston he be crush . follow by camera , he go to she , stop at she side . gaston I come here to rob you -- but unfortunately I fall in love with you . ( no reaction . ) mariette ! she turn , look at he . mariette ( bitterly ) why do you take the money ? gaston be speechless ; the truth be too complicated . despair , she go . he stand look after she . we hear she step as she cross the room ; then we hear the door shut . he turn to the window . suddenly he stare toward mariette 's bedroom window . close shot mariette 's bedroom window from outside . behind the window be lily , look across at he implacably . she have witness the scene at the open safe and have come to she own conclusion . gaston' bedroom window from outside . Close - up of gaston . he look at lily , dumbfounded . mariette's bedroom close shot at door to corridor , from inside . mariette enter . suddenly she turn , and she too be dumbfounded , because she see : close shot window from mariette 's viewpoint . lily be still look out at gaston , she back to mariette . she hear the door close , turn , see mariette , take in the situation at a glance , and go , proudly direct , toward she . close shot mariette lily enter . they face each other . lily Madame , the only thing that seem to stand between you and romance be a hundred thousand francs . well , he do not take it . ( she bring the bank note out of she jacket . ) I take it -- all by myself . now you can have you romance ! mariette ( scornfully ) I think you would better go . lily ever have a romance with a crook ? mariette I beg you pardon ! lily let I give you a little advice . when you embrace he , be sure to put on you glove . it would be too bad if you fingerprint be find ... mariette Mademoiselle gautier - - or whatever you name be -- I thank you for you advice , but I must ask you to go . you have get you money -- lily ( violently ) I do not want you money ! mo . shot all three as gaston appear . he stop inside the door . both woman turn . lily ( look at gaston , but talk to mariette ) you want to buy he for fifty francs . well , you can have he for nothing ! ( she toss the money out of picture . ) close shot bed the money fall on bed . close shot group lily walk toward gaston . lily and you -- gaston ( pleadingly ) lily -- ( he take she arm . ) lily ( freeing herself ) leave I alone ! you be willing to sacrifice a hundred thousand francs for she . ( she turn to mariette , size she up . ) well -- ( she have a sudden idea ) she 's worth it ! [ ( to mariette . ) you be willing to pay a hundred and twenty - five thousand for a handbag . you can pay a hundred thousand for he ! ] close shot bed lily enter , take the money she have gallantly relinquished . close shot mariette and gaston stand like two guilty schoolchild . lily come into picture , walk past they to door , open door , turn . lily Goodbye -- Madame colet and company ! ( she leave , slamm door . ) gaston ( call ) lily ! he dash to door , go out , close door . behind the door we hear they excited voice . mariette go a step closer to the door . she be in a state confuse suspense . suddenly the voice cease . we hear , muffle , a woman 's footstep run down the stair . then , follow , a man 's footstep . then silence . now , mariette , follow by camera , go to the bed and sink into it heartbroken : she will never see gaston again . mo . shot door outside we hear the slowly return footstep of gaston . close shot mariette sit up on bed . she turn toward door with hope . close shot door gaston enter , close door , and move toward mariette . he look very grave . close shot mariette sit on bed . gaston go to she . pause . gaston ( with great feel ) Goodbye ... mariette ( get up ; also with feel ) Goodbye . gaston it could have be marvelous ... mariette Divine ... gaston wonderful ... but tomorrow morning , if you should wake out of you dream and hear a knock , and the door open , and there , instead of a may with a breakfast tray , stand a policeman with a warrant -- then you will be glad you be alone . mariette ( sigh ) but it could have be glorious . gaston Lovely . mariette Divine ... but that terrible policeman ! gaston Goodbye ... ( he take she in he arm . they kiss . he go to door . ) close shot door gaston open door , turn to she . gaston you know what you be miss ? close -up mariette she shut she eye and dreamily nod . close -up gaston in doorway . gaston ( shaking he head ) no ... ( out of he coat pocket he take the necklace of seed pearl . ) that 's what you be miss ! ... you gift to she . close -up mariette for a instant she be take aback ; then she smile . mariette ( graciously ) with the compliment of colet and company ! close shot gaston he bow , go . door shut behind he . close shot mariette she look after the depart gaston a moment . her mood be break by ringing of telephone . mariette ( into phone ) hello ... yes ... what ? ... yes ... no , no . thank you very much , but the handbag have be find ( sadly and with another meaning ) exactly two week and three day ago . ( she hang up . ) dissolve to : int . taxicab moving at night along paris street Close shot of gaston and lily . there be a strain silence between they . gaston smile toward she . he be try to make up , but she sit freeze . he smile again , anticipate the surprise he have in store for she . he reach for the pearl in he pocket . a look of dismay cross he face -- the pearl be not there ! he look in all he pocket , can not find they . suddenly , with suspicion , he look sidelong at lily . she respond to he look with a triumphant smile . from she bosom she bring forth the string of pearl and hold it up . he be amaze , can not figure it out . she reach behind and bring forth a handbag , which we recognize as the one originally steal from mariette , and she drop the pearl into the bag . gaston be now smile with admiration , yet he look sly . as lily drop in the pearl she glance into the bag . her expression change . something be miss . she look suspiciously toward gaston . nonchalantly , he draw , from he inside breast pocket , the precious bank note , and slip they too into the bag . they smile at each other . together forever , they embrace and kiss . fade out the end screenplay by samson raphaelson *********** song *********** trouble in paradise most any place can seem to be a paradise while you embrace just the one that you adore there need not be a apple tree with magic power you need no garden fill with flower to taste the thrill of sweet greed hour Gentle perfume and cushion that be silk and soft two in the gloom that be silent but for sigh that 's paradise while arm entwine and lip be kissing but if there 's something miss that signifies trouble in paradise colet and compagnie colet , colet , colet and compagnie be maker of the best perfume . if you and you beloved can not agree , permit we to suggest perfume . cleopatra be a lovely tantalizer . but she do it with she little atomizer . we will make you smell like a rise ; every nose in Paris know colet and compagnie .