troy by David Benioff February 21 , 2003 1a fade in : ext . thessalian valley - day 1 a mangy , bone - thin dog lope across the broad valley floor , sniff at the ground . at first the scene appear bucolic : tall grass , patch of wildflower , blue sky above . but as the dog keep run we see sign of conflict . a spear , half imbed in the earth , rise at a angle . a bronze helmet , crack and bloody , lie on its side . the dog pause to sniff the helmet then continue he search . finally he stop , hackles on he back rise , ear prick up . he growl , and we see what the dog see . dozen of crow have descend into a shallow ravine . they squabble and peck , cluster around something on the ground . the dog growl louder and charge at the crow . the black bird flap away to safety , shriek in protest . a dead soldier lie facedown in the ravine . whatever armor he wear be stripped away , leave he body to the element . the dog walk slowly to the dead man , sniff at the corpse 's hand . the dog whine and lick the man 's finger . something in the air disturb the dog , who look up . and now we hear it , faintly , in the distance . hoof beat and chariot wheel , march man , the clank of bronze armor and weaponry . the dog run , abandon he dead master . the mycenaean army 1a five thousand strong , storm into the valley from the south . armore with bronze breastplate , helmet and shield , the soldier glitter in the morning sun . Riding alongside the infantry be dozen of horse - draw chariot , each hold a driver , a spearman and a officer . on the opposite side of the valley , three thousand thessalonian soldier march into view . the thessalonian be less discipline , they armor and weaponry less impressive . ( continued ) 1a 1b continued : 1a when each army reach the battlefield they stop and stare one another down , two hundred yard distant . a mycenaean chariot and a thessalonia chariot 1b emerge from they respective side and meet at the center of the field . agamemnon , king of the mycenaean , ride in he chariot with a driver and a spearman . agamemnon hold a gold scepter , symbol of command . his breast plate be engrave with a Alpha . his counterpart in the thessalonian cart , triopas ( 60 ) , do not project equal confidence . he eye the size of the mycenaean army with evident unease . he hold he own scepter . both king step down from they chariot and approach each other . they stare at one another for several second . agamemnon smile and look into the sky . the crow wheel overhead , caw . agamemnon it 's a good day for the crow . triopas I tell you yesterday and I will tell you again today . remove you army from my land . agamemnon smile again and turn to examine the valley . agamemnon I like you land . I think we will stay . ( beat ) I like you soldier , too . they fight bravely yesterday . not well , but bravely . triopas they will never fight for you . agamemnon that 's what the messenian say , too . and the arcadian . and the epeian . they be all fight for I , now . ( continued ) 1b continued : 1b triopas you can not rule the whole world , agamemnon . it 's too big . even for you . agamemnon survey triopas 's army . agamemnon I do not want to watch another massacre . let 's end this war in the old manner . ( beat ) you best fighter against my best . for the first time , triopas look hopeful . triopas and if my man win ? agamemnon we will leave thessaly for good . ( beat ) I be a generous man . if mine win , you keep you throne . but thessaly fall under my command , to fight with I whenever I call . triopas consider before nodd . he shout to he army . triopas boagrius ! the thessalonian murmur and step aside . a giant emerge from they midst , boagrius , a foot taller than the other man , he face gouge with old knife scar . he march out to he king . triopas here be my champion . agamemnon raise he eyebrow as the giant come closer . agamemnon ( shouting to he army ) Achilles ! the mycenaean murmur amongst themselves , look for Achilles . nobody emerge . agamemnon frown . triopas boagrius have this effect on many heroes . ( continued ) 1b continued : ( 2 ) 1b agamemnon be careful whom you insult , old king . a officer on horseback gallop from the mycenaean rank to the center of the field . he bow he head to agamemnon . officer Achilles be not with the army . triopas laugh and look up at boagrius , who chuckle . agamemnon ( furious ) where be he ? officer I send a boy to look for he . ext . wood - day 2 a boy ( 12 ) on a roan horse gallop through the wood . ext . mycenaean camp - day 3 the boy ride into the camp . score of tent stand on the bank of a river . the only man around be cook tend fire and armorer , mend armor and weapon . the boy dismount at one large tent in the corner of the camp . he pull open the tent flap and step inside . int . achilles ' tent - continuous 4 the boy pause for a moment inside the tent , eye adjust to the dim light . evidently last night be a wild party . jug of wine be everywhere , and the remain of a large feast . sleep on a fur rug be two naked women and one naked man , tan arm and leg entwine . the boy sidestep shard of a break jug . he bend to tap the sleep man 's shoulder . before he finger make contact , a hand shoot out , grab he wrist , and pull he to the rug . the boy find himself flat on he back with a dagger to he throat . ( continued ) continued : 4 achilles shh . the boy stare into the eye of achilles ( 30 ) , who seem to have barely move . somehow he manage to seize the boy and put a knife to he throat without waking the woman . achilles ( whisper ) I be have a good dream . ( beat ) a very good dream . the boy nod , dumb with fear . Achilles have the lean , efficient physique of a boxer . his face and body be dark from a summer spend in the sun . boy King agamemnon send I . he need -- achilles I will speak with you king in the morning . boy but my lord -- it be morning . Achilles frown . he stand and walk naked to the tent flap , hold it open and stare at the empty encampment . boy they be wait for you . ext . mycenaean camp 5 Achilles prepare for battle , strapping on he breastplate . the boy assist he , fix the bronze greave to he leg . boy be the storey about you true ? they say you mother be a immortal goddess . Achilles lift up he shield . he slip he leave forearm into the leather strap on the inside of the shield . boy they say you can not be kill . ( continued ) 5 continued : 5 achilles I would not be bother with the shield then , would I ? boy the thessalonian you be fight -- he 's the biggest man I have ever see . Achilles mount the boy 's horse . boy I would not want to fight he . achilles that 's why no one will remember you name . Achilles gallop away , leave the boy stand alone . ext . thessalian valley 6 agamemnon confer with he officer on the battlefield , include king nestor ( 65 ) , he trust advisor . when Achilles ride into view the mycenaean soldier cheer . some cry out he name . agamemnon and he officer turn to watch Achilles dismount and approach they . agamemnon perhaps we should have we war tomorrow , when you be better rest ? Achilles ignore the king and examine the wait giant . agamemnon I should have you whipped for impudence . Achilles wheel on the king . achilles who 's give the whipping ? he walk toward agamemnon , finger curling over the hilt of he sword . nestor slide in between Achilles and the king . nestor Achilles . ( continued ) 6 continued : 6 Achilles , nostril flare , eye narrow , stare at agamemnon . neither man be willing to turn away . achilles ( to agamemnon ) why do not you fight he yourself ? would not that be a sight , a king who fight he own battle ? nestor Achilles . Achilles finally turn and look at he . nestor look at the man 's face . Achilles survey the face of the battle - weary soldier . nestor you can save hundred of they . you can end this war with a swing of you sword . ( beat ) think how many song they will sing in you honor . ( beat ) let they go home to they wife . the soldier , awed in he presence , stare at Achilles . he finally turn and walk toward boagrius . agamemnon watch Achilles with undisguise hostility . agamemnon ( to nestor , under he breath ) of all the warlord love by the god , I hate he most . nestor we need he , my king . agamemnon for now . 6a achilles 6a when Achilles be forty yard from the giant , boagrius turn to he army and shake he spear over he head . they cheer , slamm they bronze sword against they bronze shield . ( continued ) 6 a continued : 6a Achilles keep come . he look up at the circle crow . boagrius turn and throw he spear . the bronze spearhead glitter in the sun , blaze straight for Achilles . without break stride , Achilles raise the shield . the spearhead blast through the bronze skin of the shield , through the thick leather on the underside , stop inch from Achilles ' face . Achilles keep come . boagrius hoist a second spear and hurl it , grunt with effort . again Achilles raise he shield , again the spearhead tear through the shield but do not harm Achilles . Achilles cast aside the shield and keep come . boagrius unsheathes he tremendous bronze sword . he open he mouth , let loose a battle cry , and charge at Achilles . when boagrius raise he sword , Achilles lunge forward with terrifying speed . it do not seem possible that he could close the gap between they so quickly , but he do , thrust he sword straight through boagrius ' breastplate . Achilles pull he sword from the giant 's chest and continue walk toward the thessalonian line , never look back . boagrius stare down at the hole in he breastplate . blood pump out , pour down the polished bronze . he topple over . the mycenaean Army erupt with exultant victory cry . Achilles now stand in front of the mass thessalonian troops . he search from face to face . none of the soldier be willing to make eye contact with he . finally triopas step out of the rank . triopas who be you , soldier ? achilles Achilles , son of peleus . ( continued ) 6 a continued : ( 2 ) 6 a triopas Achilles . I will not forget the name . triopas offer Achilles the heavy gold scepter . triopas the ruler of thessaly carry this scepter . give it to you king . achilles he 's not my king . Achilles walk west , away from both army . the soldier watch he go in silence . ext . ionian sea - dusk 7 we be high above the wine - dark sea , glide north . soon the peloponnesian coast come into view . the only break in the shoreline be the inlet of laconia , and we follow it inland . the inlet end in a natural harbor where several tall - masted warship be beach , sail unfurl , oar lock and row bench empty . dozen of smaller fishing boat be scattered about the harbor . on top of the high hill , overlook all sparta , stand a thick - wall palace . torch - bear sentries , wear plume helmet and carry long spear , man they post . menelaus ( v.0 . ) prince of Troy , on we last night together , Queen helen and I salute you . int . palace of sparta - reception hall - continuous 8 menelaus ( 40 ) , king of sparta , stand at the head of a massive table that span the length of a hall light by torch . a battle -scarre warrior , menelaus be already halfway drunk . beside menelaus sit he wife , helen ( 25 ) , wear a white gown , head bow , half listen to she husband . Fresh flower be woven into she hair . her beauty be so extreme she seem to exist in a separate realm . ( continued ) 10 . continued : 8 the only woman in the room and the only one wear white , helen shine amidst the unwash warrior of sparta and Troy . all sit at a table laden with platter of roast game bird , whole fish , octopi , suckling pig and bowl of fruit . menelaus hold he gold wine goblet in the air , toast he honore guest , hector ( 35 ) and paris ( 25 ) . hector be not the best - look man in the room , nor the large , but the intensity of he expression , the regality of he bear , confirm that he be a bear leader . Paris be the best -look man in the room , by a long shot . he 's not pay attention to menelaus . he 's stare at helen . menelaus we have have we conflict before , it 's true . we have fight many battle , sparta and Troy . and fight well ! menelaus 's soldier cheer drunkenly . for a moment helen look up and meet Paris 's gaze . menelaus but I have always respected you father . priam be a good man , a good king . I respected he as a adversary , and I respect he now as my ally . more cheer , this time from the entire assembly . menelaus hector , Paris , young prince , come , stand , drink with I . hector stand . Paris do not . he 's still stare at helen . hector nudge he brother 's shoulder . Paris stand . menelaus let we drink to peace . hector nod to menelaus and raise he cup . hector peace between Troy and sparta . ( continued ) il . continued : ( 2 ) 8 the king and the prince drink deeply and slam they empty cup to the table . menelaus May the god keep the wolf in the hill and the woman in we bed . all the man in the hall cheer and rise to they foot . guest to sparta ! to Troy ! a band of musician strike up they instrument ; servant roam the hall fill goblet with wine . polydora ( 20 ) , one of helen 's handmaiden , lead a dozen attractive young women into the banquet hall . the warrior howl at the sight of the woman . soon each of the handmaiden be flanke by drunken soldier . menelaus grab hector in a bear hug . hector gamely accept the embrace . when the king release he , both man spill a few drop of wine from they cup onto the floor . they drink the rest of they wine . menelaus grip hector 's upper arm . servant refill the cup . menelaus a strong arm . thank the god we make peace -- I have see too many of my man strike down with this arm . hector never again , I hope . menelaus only one man work a sword better than you . the son of peleus the argonaut . hector Achilles . menelaus that madman would throw a spear at Zeus himself if the god insulted he . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 3 ) 8 menelaus indicate polydora , who stare at hector openly . menelaus you see that one over there ? I pick she just for you . she 's a little lioness . menelaus grin at the girl , who lower she eye and smile . helen notice this silent exchange but ignore it , converse instead with another handmaiden who sit beside she . hector thank you . my wife wait for I in Troy . menelaus my wife wait for I right there . he lean forward to whisper conspiratorially in hector 's ear . menelaus wive be for breeding . you understand ? for make little prince . come , enjoy yourself tonight . helen stand and walk out of the reception hall . menelaus do not notice . hector do . he raise he cup to menelaus . hector you make excellent wine in sparta . menelaus laugh and drink with hector . Paris excuse himself from the spartan general he 's be speak with and head outside -- in the same direction as helen . hector watch with mount agitation . int . helen' chamber - night 9 the room be light by a dozen tall candle . helen remove the flower from she hair and drop they into a bowl of water . she hear a sound and look up . Paris stand in the doorway . for several breath they be silent , stare at each other . ( continued ) 13 . continued : 9 helen you should not be here . Paris close the door behind he . paris that 's what you say last night . helen last night be a mistake . paris and the night before ? helen continue remove the flower from she hair but she cannot hide a half -smile . helen I have make many mistake this week . he approach she . paris do you want I to go ? his hand be on she now , slide down she bare neck , down she back , rest on she hip . his mouth be very close to she ear . helen close she eye . helen ( whisper ) yes . Paris kiss she neck , she ear , she close eye . the tightness we see in she face when she sit by she husband 's side be go , replace by ecstasy . paris ( whisper ) where should I go ? she kiss he back now and there 's a hunger in she kiss , something close to violence in she desire . she lift off he tunic and pull he nearer . helen ( whisper ) away . Far away . in a moment the white gown slip to she foot . he stare at she naked body in wonder . he open he mouth to speak but she kiss he full on the lip . they sink onto the bed . 10 il 14 . int . palace - reception hall - night 10 as more and more wine gourd be emptied , the scene grow rowdier . a impromptu choir of spartan and trojan soldier drunkenly sing battle song . polydora sit on menelaus 's lap . she whisper in he ear while he laugh and drain another cup of wine . bit of roast boar fleck he thick red beard . hector sit nearby , half engage in conversation with several spartan general . he 's clearly not happy that he brother 's still miss . int . helen' chamber - night ( later ) il helen lie naked on she bed . in the candlelight she flank be mapped with copper trail of sweat . she watch Paris , who stand bedside pull on he clothes . paris I have something for you . from he tunic he pull a necklace of baby pearl thread with silver . he sit beside she in bed . paris pearl from the sea of propontis . Paris string the pearl around she neck . helen they be beautiful . ( beat ) but I can not wear they . menelaus would kill we both . paris do not be afraid of he . helen I be not afraid of die . I be afraid of tomorrow , watch you sail away and know you will never come back . she run she finger across he jaw line . helen before you come to sparta I be a ghost . I walk and I eat and I swim in the sea , but I be a ghost . ( continued ) il 12 15 . continued : il paris you do not have to fear tomorrow . helen watch he , unsure what he mean . paris come with I . for a long moment they stare into each other 's eye . helen do not play with I , prince of Troy . do not play . the sound of footstep and laughter outside the door startle they . Paris halfway unsheathes a knife hang from he belt . whoever 's walk by the door pass without stop . Paris sheathes he knife , kneel beside the bed and take she hand . paris if you come we will never be safe . Men will hunt we and the god will curse we . but I will love you . until the day they burn my body I will love you . helen stare into Paris ' eye , contemplate the impossible . int . palace - courtyard - later 12 a group of trojan soldier lie on goatskin and fur around a bonfire build in the middle of the courtyard . some sleep ; some continue to drink and sing old trojan song . hector stand by the fire , confer with tecton ( 30 ) , a bull - neck captain of the elite apollonian Guard . hector make the proper offering to Poseidon before we sail . we do not need any more widow in Troy . tecton goat or pig ? hector which do the Sea God prefer ? ( continued ) 12 16 . continued : 12 tecton ( smile ) I will wake the priest and ask he . tecton bow and exit the courtyard . hector see Paris slinking past the bonfire , sneaking toward he quarter . hector Paris ! Paris turn , smile and wave , act as if he have not see hector before . he amble over to join he brother . hector you should get to bed . we will not sleep on land again for week . paris I have no trouble sleep on the seas . the sea nymph sing lullaby to I . hector and who sing lullaby to you tonight ? Paris freeze for a moment but quickly regains he poise . paris tonight ? tonight be the fisherman 's wife . a lovely creature . hector I hope you do not let the fisherman catch you . paris he 's more concerned with the fish . Paris smile and start to walk away but hector hold he . hector you do understand why we be in sparta ? paris for peace . ( continued ) 12 13 14 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 12 hector and you do understand that menelaus , King of sparta , be a powerful man ? and that he brother , agamemnon , King of mycenae , command all the Greek force ? paris what do this have to do with the fisherman 's wife ? hector seize Paris 's face between the palm of he hand . not a violent gesture , exactly , but not gentle , either . hector Paris . you be my brother , and I love you . but if you do anything to endanger Troy I will rip you pretty face from you pretty skull . he kiss Paris on the forehead . hector get some sleep . we sail in the morning . Paris , a bit shocked by the encounter , stumble away . ext . ionian sea - day 13 the trojan ship sail over the wave . ext . ship' deck - day 14 the wind be strong . nobody need to row . sailor tend the sail or play dice . hector stand in the bow , lean against the rail , whittling a wooden lion . Paris join he . paris a beautiful morning . Poseidon have bless we voyage . hector look at the blue sky for a moment . ( continued ) 14 15 18 . continued : 14 hector sometimes the god bless you in the morning and curse you in the afternoon . Paris watch he brother work the wood . when Paris speak again he tone be more sober than we have hear it before . paris do you love I , brother ? hector rest he knife on the deck and smile . hector what have you do now ? paris I need to show you something . Paris walk toward the staircase lead inside the ship . hector watch he for a few second and then follow . int . trojan ship 15 Paris pause in front of he cabin door . paris before you get angry with I -- hector open the door . Paris open the door . helen , wear a hood robe , sit on the edge of a hammock , swinging slightly . she stand . hector stare at she in disbelief . he turn and glare at Paris . hector if you be not my brother I would kill you where you stand . paris hector -- hector be already out the door . helen look at Paris . helen we will never have peace . paris I do not want peace . I want you . ( continued ) 15 16 1 ? 19 . continued : 15 he kiss she -- a desperate , hungry kiss , the two of they against the world -- then turn and follow he brother . int . palace of sparta - helen' bedchamber - day 16 menelaus , follow by ten soldier , storm into helen 's room . int . helen' bedchamber 1 ? he find polydora polish the queen 's jewelry . menelaus grab she arm roughly . she 's terrify . menelaus where be she ? polydora who , my king ? menelaus draw he sword . menelaus I swear by the father of the god I will gut you here if you do not tell I . the handmaiden try to speak but no word come out . fortunately for she , hippasus , ( 50 ) , a royal advisor , enter the room at that moment follow by a old fisherman ( 65 ) . hippasus she leave with the trojans , my king . menelaus stare at hippasus , who swallow and gesture at the fisherman . the fisherman look as if he would rather be fishing . hippasus the old man see she board they ship . menelaus release the handmaiden and stare at the fisherman . menelaus the trojans ? ( continued ) 1 ? 18 20 . continued : 17 fisherman with the young prince . Paris . she -- menelaus hold up he hand . the fisherman shut up . everyone watch the king , wait for a explosion , but the news -- strangely -- seem to focus he . menelaus get my ship ready . ext . trojan ship 18 hector walk quickly toward the stern , Paris right behind he . the pilot man the rudder . hector ( to pilot ) turn we around . back to sparta . paris wait , wait . hector spin on he brother . hector you fool . paris listen to I -- hector shove he brother backwards . the older brother 's physical power be obvious . sailor watch in awed silence . hector do you know what you have do ? do you know how many year we father work for peace ? how many brother and cousin he lose on the battlefield ? paris I love she . the muscle in hector 's jaw bulge against he cheek . hector say another word and I will break you arm . this be all a game for you , be not it ? ( more ) ( continued ) 18 continued : al . 18 hector ( cont 'd ) you roam from town to town , bedding merchant ' wife and temple maid - - you think you know something about love ? what about you father 's love ? you spat on he when you bring she on this ship . what about love of you country ? you would let Troy burn for this woman . Paris start to speak but hector raise a warning finger . hector I will not let you start a war for she . paris May I speak ? ( beat ) what you say be true . I have wronge you . I have wronge we father . if you want to bring helen back to sparta , so be it . but I go with she . hector to sparta ? they will kill you . paris then I will die fight . hector laugh bitterly . he grab the collar of Paris 's tunic . hector that sound heroic to you , do not it ? to die fight . tell I , little brother , have you ever kill a man ? paris no . hector have you ever even see a man die in combat ? paris no . hector 's face be flushed with anger . Paris try to look away but hector will not let he . ( continued ) 18 19 20 22 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 hector I have kill man , brother . I have watch they die , I have hear they die , I have smell they die . ( beat ) there 's nothing glorious about it , nothing poetic . you think you want to die for love , but you know nothing about die . you know nothing about love . paris all the same , I go with she . hector release he brother . he stare at the sea . paris I will not ask you to fight my war . hector shake he head , still stare into the wave . hector you already have . for a long time hector be silent . finally he turn to the pilot , who await the prince 's command . hector to Troy . hector walk away from he brother . ext . mycenae harbor - day 19 Three warship be anchore in the harbor . menelaus , follow by hippasus and a retinue of soldier , climb the long stone staircase that lead to the wall city of mycenae , a citadel hewn from the hilltop rock . int . mycenae citadel - throne room - day 20 menelaus and he follower enter the throne room . treasure from various conquest fill the room : statuary and urn and intricate gold work . armed guard stand at they post . ( continued ) 20 23 . continued : 20 only agamemnon be seat , on a beautiful throne carve from solid oak . two robe nobles be address he when menelaus enter -- they move away as the spartan approach . agamemnon stand . the two king embrace . agamemnon you messenger come two day ago . I know what happen . menelaus 's face darken , he rage barely submerge . menelaus I want she back . agamemnon of course you do . she 's a beautiful woman . menelaus I want she back so I can kill she with my own two hand . I will not rest until I have burn Troy to the ground . agamemnon ( smile ) I think you want peace with Troy . menelaus I should have listen to you . agamemnon peace be for the woman and the weak . empire be forge by war . menelaus all my life I have stand by you side , fight you enemy . you be the eldest , you reap the glory -- this be the way of the world . but have I ever complain , brother ? have I ever ask you for anything ? agamemnon never . you be a man of honor . everyone in Greece know this . ( continued ) 20 al 24 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 menelaus the trojans spat on my honor . a insult to I be a insult to you . agamemnon and a insult to I be a insult to all Greeks . menelaus will you go to war with I , brother ? menelaus reach out he hand . agamemnon look into he eye . finally he nod and clasp hand with he brother . int . mycenae citadel - throne room - night 21 agamemnon pace the vast , torch - light room . nestor sit at a wooden table . spread out on the table before he be a rough map of Greece and environ , paint on a tan goat skin . agamemnon I always think my brother 's wife be a foolish woman . but she 's prove to be very useful . nothing unify a people like a common enemy . nestor the trojans have never be conquer . some say they can not be conquer . agamemnon I have not try yet . ( beat ) Old King priam think he 's untouchable behind he high wall . he think the Sun God will protect he . but the god only protect the strong . ( point at map ) if Troy fall , I control the aegean . nestor hector command the finest army in the east . and Troy be build to withstand a ten-year siege . ( continued ) al continued : 25 . al agamemnon there will not be a ten -year siege . I will attack they with the great force the world have ever see . I want all the king of Greece and all they army . ( beat ) send emissary in the morning . nestor stand and prepare to leave . agamemnon nestor one last thing . ( beat ) we need Achilles and he myrmidon . shake he head . agamemnon Achilles can not be control . he 's as likely to fight we as the trojans . nestor we do not need to control he . we need to unleash he . the man be bear to end life . agamemnon yes , he 's a gift killer , but he follow no king . he threaten everything I have build . ( beat ) before I Greece be nothing , a province of warlord and cattle raider . I have bring all the Greek kingdom together -- with the sword when necessary , with a treaty when possible . I have create a nation out of fire - worshipper and snake-eater . ( beat ) I build the future , nestor . Achilles be the past , a man who fight for no flag , a man loyal to no country . nestor wait a respectful moment before replying . ( continued ) al 22 26 . continued : ( 2 ) al nestor you word be true . but how many battle have we win off the edge of he sword ? ( beat ) this will be the great war the world have ever see . we need the great warrior . agamemnon think about it , pace the room . finally -- agamemnon there 's only one man he will listen to . nestor I will send a ship in the morning . ext . ithaca - day 22 a lean , bearded shepherd ( 40 ) sit on a hillside look over the ionian sea . beside he sit he faithful hunt dog , argo . they watch a troop of emissaries climb the steep hill . the emissary be panting for breath by the time they reach the hilltop . emissary # 1 greeting , brother . we be tell King odysseus be here in the hill . shepherd odysseus ? that old bastard drink my wine and never pay . emissary # 2 you ought to respect you king , friend . shepherd respect he ? I would like to punch he in the nose . he 's always paw at my wife , try to tear she clothes off . the emissary , embarrassed , begin walk away . the shepherd watch they go . ( continued ) 22 23 27 . continued : 22 shepherd ( to argo the dog ) I hope agamemnon 's general be smarter than he emissary . emissary # 1 turn to look at the shepherd . emissary # 1 what do you say ? the shepherd scratch behind argo 's ear . the dog wag he tail happily . shepherd you want I to help you fight the trojans . emissary # 1 you be -- emissary # 1 exchange glance with he compatriot . they be confuse . finally the chasten emissary bow . emissary # 1 forgive we , King odysseus . odysseus stand and look down at he dog . odysseus well , I be go to miss my dog . emissary # 2 King agamemnon have a favor to ask of you . odysseus smile and rub he dog 's head . odysseus of course he do . ext . seaside cliff - late afternoon 23 Achilles stand in the ruin of a ivy - cover temple on a cliff above the sea , sparring with he cousin patroclus ( 17 ) . both man wield wooden practice sword . patroclus be a talented , lean , flashy young fighter . his sword whirl in the air like a thing alive . Achilles , by contrast , be the apotheosis of the efficient combatant , waste no energy , wait for weakness . ( continued ) 23 28 . continued : 23 patroclus press in on the attack . Achilles tilt he head to avoid one thrust , side -step to avoid another . spy a momentary open he lunge forward and tap patroclus ' belly with the tip of he wood sword . achilles you be get fat , cousin . patroclus grin and relaunch he attack , sword spin with blaze speed . Achilles duck beneath a arcing swing and sword - tap patroclus on the back . achilles Fancy swordplay . the girl must be impressed . patroclus grunt and charge in again . this time a genuine duel develop , feature splendid repartee and parry . patroclus a little nervous , be not you ? achilles terrify . Achilles raise he right hand and patroclus lift he sword to parry the blow -- but Achilles no longer hold he sword in he right hand . sword in hisleft hand , Achilles tap patroclus on the chest . patroclus stare down at the wood blade . patroclus you tell I never to switch sword hand . Achilles roll he head to loosen he neck . achilles by the time you know how to do it , you will not be follow my order anymore . Achilles toss aside the sparring sword . he cock he head as if listen to some distant sound . patroclus , oblivious to the noise , practice he swordplay . Achilles ' foot curl around the wood shaft of one of the spear lie on the ground . in one impossibly fast motion , he flip the spear into the air with he foot , catch it , and throw in the opposite direction from where he be look . ( continued ) 23 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 23 the bronze warhead blaze between the temple 's wall and drive into the trunk of a old fir . only now do we see odysseus , lead a black horse , stand inch from the quivering shaft of the spear block he path . he stare at the spear for a moment before ducking he head under the shaft and walk forward . odysseus ( smile ) you reputation for hospitality be fast become legend . achilles I do not like that smile , my friend . it 's the smile you smile when you want I to fight in another war . ( beat ) patroclus , my cousin -- odysseus , king of ithaca . odysseus patroclus , son of menoetius ? the boy nod . odysseus grip patroclus 's shoulder . odysseus I know you parent well . I miss then . patroclus nod again , look at he foot . odysseus now you have this one watch over you , eh? learn from Achilles himself -- every boy in Greece must be jealous . ( to Achilles ) we need to talk . achilles tell I you be not here at agamemnon 's bid . odysseus hesitates . Achilles shake he head . achilles how many time have I do the savage work for the King of king ? and when have he ever show I the respect I have earn ? ( continued ) 23 continued : 50 . ( 3 ) 23 odysseus I be not ask you to fight for he . I be ask you to fight for the Greeks . achilles why ? be the Greeks tired of fight each other ? odysseus for now . achilles the trojans never do anything to I . odysseus they insulted Greece . achilles they insulted one Greek , a man who could not hold on to he wife . what business be that of mine ? odysseus you business be war , my friend . achilles ( angry ) be it ? be I the whore of the battlefield ? can my sword be buy and sell ? ( beat ; calmer ) I do not want to be remember as a tyrant 's mercenary . odysseus forget agamemnon . fight for I . my wife will feel much better if she know you be by my side . I will feel much better . patroclus be ajax go to fight in Troy ? odysseus of course . you have hear of ajax , eh? patroclus they say he can fall a oak tree with one swing of the axe . ( continued ) 23 continued : ol . ( 4 ) 23 achilles tree do not swing back . odysseus chuckle , but he 's alert to the boy 's enthusiasm . patroclus odysseus we be send the large fleet that ever sail -- a thousand ship . patroclus a thousand ship ! Prince hector , be he as good a warrior as they say ? odysseus the best of all the trojans . some say he 's better than all the Greeks , too . ( beat ) even if you cousin do not come , patroclus , I hope you will join we . we could use a strong arm like yours . beam with pride and look at he cousin . Achilles wrap he arm around odysseus 's shoulder and lean closer to the ithacan . the embrace be friendly , but there 's no mistake the power in Achilles ' grip . achilles play you trick on I , if you would like . but leave my cousin out of it . odysseus you have you sword , I have my trick . we play with the toy the god give we . odysseus go back to he horse and mount . patroclus , odysseus we sail for Troy in three day . ( beat ) this war will never be forget . nor will the heroes who fight in it . eager but frustrated , watch he ride away . 24 25 32 . ext . beach - sunset 24 Achilles make he away across the sandy hillock . he spy a woman in the distance . ext . seashore - sunset 25 Achilles find he mother , thetis ( 45 ) , stand in the surf . her long black hair be streak with gray . she see a shell that she like and stoops down to pick it up . achilles mother . thetis turn and smile at Achilles . thetis I think I would make you another seashell necklace . achilles I have not wear a seashell necklace since I be a boy . thetis look at Achilles ' bare neck . thetis do not you like they anymore ? Achilles spot a good shell . he hand it to he mother . thetis oh , that 's a pretty one . she survey the beach for more pretty shell . achilles they want I for another war . thetis bend down and scoops up a silvery shell . achilles be you listen ? thetis yes , my sweet . another war . achilles patroclus want to go . thetis patroclus have never see war . ( continued ) 33 . 25 continued : 25 thetis examine the shell in the palm of she hand . finally she stand and look at she son . thetis if you stay here , with I , with you family , you will have a long , peaceful life . you will marry , you will have child , and you child will have child . they will love you , and when you be go they will remember you . but when you child be dead , and they child after they , you name will be lose . thetis reach up to touch she son 's cheek . her eye be clear , she voice steady . she speak this line with no hesitation , no doubt . thetis if you go to Troy , no one will earn more glory than you . Men will tell storey of you victory for thousand of year . the world will remember you name . Achilles stare at she , he eye burn . this be word he 's want to hear since the day he be bear . his mother wait a moment before speak again . the word hurt she . thetis but if you go to Troy , you will never come home . you will die there . achilles and you know this , mother ? thetis I know it . Achilles look out to the sea . thetis , tear in she eye , smile bravely . thetis whenever you father come home from war , he would stare at the sea , just like that . ( beat ) he never stay for long . in the distance Achilles see a white sail . he fixate on the lonely spot of white on the endless expanse of dark water . 26 27 28 29 34 . ext . aegean sea - day 26 we soar above the great armada the world have ever see . one thousand ship sail east , crowd the sea , churn the wave with they keel . the white sail be paint with the sign and emblem of the various nationality represent in this alliance . one ship sail slightly out of formation . alone amongst the entire fleet , this ship 's sail be black . ext . achilles ' warship - day 27 Achilles stand in the prow of he boat , stare east . patroclus stand behind he , wear a new shell necklace . ext . troy - day 28 hector , Paris , helen , and a entourage of soldier walk through the gate of Troy . the city be magnificent , a wonder of white - wash wall , lush garden , and tower statue of the god . zeus , apollo , aphrodite , and poseidon stand eighty foot high in the four corner of the main square . the prince ' return be a holiday for the trojans . thousands of onlooker line the road , cheer . other well - wisher , stand on the roof of house , throw flower petal . Paris hold helen 's hand and occasionally whisper in she ear , point out various sight , but helen look nervous . people in the crowd , mystify by she appearance , point at she and whisper amongst themselves . helen hold she head high and pretend to ignore the murmur and stare . hector look at she . she carry herself like a queen -- but she 's grip Paris 's hand with white knuckle . ext . palace of troy 29 at the bottom of a long staircase lead into the palace , four apollonian guard , wear horsehair - plume helmet , be mount on beautiful white horse . ( continued ) 29 35 . continued : 29 hector reunite with he wife , andromache ( 30 ) , pale skinned and dark eye . he hold she to he chest ; she close she eye , and they stand like that for a long time . a nurse stand nearby hold hector 's ten-month - old son , scamandrius . now andromache take the baby from the nurse . hector stare into the boy 's wonder eye and put he finger in the boy 's hand . hector he have a good grip . andromache he 's just like he father . he even hate peas . while this reunion be go on , Paris embrace he father , priam ( 70 ) , king of Troy . priam be a regal - look man with a shock of white hair and sharp blue eye . he adore Paris . paris Father , this -- be helen . helen bow she head , pay respect . priam helen ? helen of sparta ? both helen and priam now look at Paris . paris helen of Troy . if priam be disturb by this revelation , he face do not betray it . he lean forward and kiss the former queen on both cheek . helen do not know what to expect -- she 's flustered and gratify at the same time . priam I have hear rumor of you beauty . for once , the gossip be right . welcome . helen thank you , good king . priam come , you must be tired . he lead they up the stair and into the palace . 299 a 50 36 . int . entrance hall ( palace of troy ) 29 a briseis , a seventeen - year - old girl with a aristocratic demeanor , wear the white robe of a temple acolyte , approach the royal family . Paris smile when he see she . paris briseis ! belove cousin , you beauty grow with each new moon . briseis , cheek flush , dip she knee in deference . hector approach she now , arm open . briseis 's face light up . she hug the eldest prince . hector kiss the top of she head . hector do you miss I , little swan ? briseis nod . hector pinch the sleeve of she robe . hector a servant of Apollo now ? priam the young man of Troy be devastate when she choose the virgin robe . briseis ' cheek turn bright red . briseis uncle . priam laugh and kiss the girl 's forehead . he take three goblet of wine from a servant hold a silver platter and hand they to hector and Paris , keep one for himself . priam I thank the god for you safe return . the king and the prince spill a few drop of wine . priam , hector and paris for the god ! they drain they goblet . int . priam meeting hall - day 30 the camera glide down the long hall , past tall column and marmoreal depiction of the olympian . ( continued ) 50 37 . continued : 50 at the far end of the hall , priam stand by a open archway look over the city . hector sit at a table that could seat fifty man . priam it 's the will of the god . everything be in they hand . ( beat ) but I be surprised you let he bring she . hector if I would let he fight menelaus for she , you would be burn a son 's body instead of welcoming a daughter . priam close he eye at this word . priam we could send peace envoy to menelaus . hector you know menelaus . he would spear you envoy ! head to he gate . priam what would you have I do ? hector put she on a ship and send she home . priam think for a moment , stare out at he city . priam woman have always love Paris and he 's love they back . ( beat ) but this be different . something have change in he . if we send she back to menelaus , he will follow . hector stand and join he father in the archway . he gesture outside . the city of Troy teem with life , the citizen go about they business . hector this be my country . this be my countryman . I do not want to see they suffer so my brother can have he prize . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 continued : 38 . ( 2 ) 30 hector ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) it 's not just the spartan come after she . by now menelaus have go to agamemnon , and agamemnon 's want to destroy we for year . once we be out of the way he control the seas . priam enemy have be attack we for century . we wall still stand . hector father. ( beat ) we can not win this war . priam Apollo watch over we . even agamemnon be no match for the god . hector how many battalion do the Sun God command ? priam do not mock the god . hector open he mouth to argue but hold he tongue . priam when you be very young you come down with scarlet fever . hector nod impatiently . he 's hear this story before . priam you little hand be so hot . the healer say you would not last the night . I go down to Apollo 's temple and I pray until the sun come up . ( beat ) that walk back to the palace be the longest of my life . but I go into you mother 's room and you be sleep in she arm . the fever have break . ( beat ) I promise that day to dedicate my life to the god . I will not break my promise . ( continued ) 59 . 50 continued : ( 3 ) 30 hector take a deep breath . he know priam have decide . priam for thirty year I have work for peace . thirty year . ( beat ) Paris be a fool sometimes . I know that . but I will fight a thousand war before let he die . hector look past the city to the sea . the water be empty now , but he know what 's come . hector forgive I , father . but you will not be the one fight . he bow and leave the old king alone in the great hall . 32 int . paris' bedchamber - night 32 Paris pace about the room . helen stand in the archway look out to the dark sea . the wind blow through she hair . helen they be come for I . ( beat ) the wind be bring they closer . Paris stop pace and stare at she . paris what if we leave ? tonight , right now , what if we go down to the stable , take two horse and leave . ride east , keep riding -- helen and go where ? paris away from here . I could hunt deer , rabbit . I could feed we . helen this be you home -- paris you leave you home for I . ( continued ) 32 continued : 40 . 32 helen sparta be never my home . my parent send I there when I be sixteen to marry menelaus , but it be never my home . Paris , excited with he new-hatch plan , barely listen . paris we will live off the land . no more palace for we , no more servant . we do not need any of that . helen and you family ? paris we would be protect my family ! if we be not here there 's no need for a war . helen menelaus will not give up . he will track we to the end of the world . paris he do not know this land . I do . we can lose ourselves in a day . helen stand and kiss he on the lip . helen you do not know menelaus . you do not know he brother . they will burn every house in Troy to find we . they will never believe we have leave -- and even if they do , they will burn Troy for spite . Paris consider she word and finally nod . paris then I will make it easy for he to find I . i'11l walk right up to he and tell he you be mine . helen wrap she arm around Paris and rest she chin on he shoulder . helen you be very young , my love . ( continued ) 32 33 335 a 33b 33c 33d 33e 4l . continued : ( 2 ) 32 paris we be the same age ! helen you be young than I ever be . ext . troy - dawn 33 the sun rise above Troy and the trojan countryside . in the MAIN square 335a dozen of supplicant kneel before the statue of Poseidon and lay down they offering : bundle of flower ; small carving ; goatskin fill with wine . soldier 335b prepare a series of fortification at the beach . Men carry torch ignite giant pumice urn fill with burn pitch . other hammer long spike deep into the sand to hinder enemy rush up from the beach . there be little conversation and the man look tense . everything be touch with a air of extreme urgency . a temple of apollo 33c overlook the beach . inside the temple 33d two priest carve strip of fat from a roast pig and lay they on the god 's altar , mutter chant as they perform the ritual . briseis , the temple acolyte , stand beside the priest , pour ceremonial wine on the stone floor . merchant 33e in the marketplace set up they stall and display they goods : wine , olive oil , date , fig , nut and spice . the bronzesmith hammer a bronze sword into shape . oo F 33g 33h 34 o4a 34b 34c 35 42 . a shepherd s3f watch over he herd of sheep . a farmer and he son 33g lead a team of yoke oxen to the field . four fishermen 33h in a small boat , a mile from shore , spread they net in the water . ext . guard tower - dawn 34 two sentries stand in a guard tower on a corner of Troy 's city wall , sip hot broth from bowl . a large flag , emblazon with Troy 's horse emblem , fly above the tower . sentry # 1 blow steam off he soup . he raise he eye , blink and squint into the distance . he bolt upright . sentry # 2 stand and follow he partner 's gaze out to the sea . both of they stand slack - jaw . a thousand greek warship 34a clog the horizon , sailing straight for Troy . sentry # 2 34b grab a go tapper and begin hammer the brass go hang from the tower 's lintel . sentry # 1 still stare at the swarm of ship . no trojan have ever see such a force . sentries 34c in other guard tower hammer they warning gong . int . hector' chamber - continuous 35 hector sit on a rug by he bed , beside he wife andromache , watch he son . the boy play with the wood lion hector carve on the journey back from sparta . ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 38a 38b 38c 39 43 . continued : 55 the city bell begin to ring . hector look at he wife and walk to the balcony , where he can see over the city wall to the aegean . he see a thousand enemy sail . for a moment he stare at the armada before hurry back into the palace . int . priam meeting hall - day 36 priam kneel before a grand statue of Zeus in the great hall . the Thunder God , he stone face a mask of rage , thunderbolt clutch in he stone hand , stare down at the old king . listen to the bell , priam take a deep breath and look up into Zeus 's eye . the father of the god stare back . ext . troy - day 37 panic in the street of Troy . merchant quickly pack away they goods ; mother run into the street look for they child ; young man hurry to the armory . ext . countryside - day 38 a mad rush to get inside the safety of the city wall . the farmer and he son s8a hastily load provision onto a wagon . the shepherd 38b hurry he herd toward the trojan gate . he 's join by hundred of country dweller racing for sanctuary . the fishermen 38c row desperately for shore . ext . aegean sea - day 39 the armada draw closer to shore . one ship sail far ahead of the rest . its sail be black . 40 Al 44 . ext . achilles ' warship 40 Achilles ' oarsmen holler encouragement to they shipmate and check to see that they boat be safely in the lead . Achilles stand in the prow , scan the trojan shore . patroclus stand beside he . eudorus ( 40 ) , a myrmidon lieutenant , approach Achilles . eudorus should we wait for the other ? Achilles mark the progress of the other ship . the nearest be a quarter - mile back . that myrmidon ( Achilles ' countryman and comrade ) not row be suite up for battle . achilles they bring we here for a war , do not they ? eudorus yes , my lord . but agamemnon -- Achilles stare at he officer until the man bow he head . achilles do you fight for I , eudorus ? or agamemnon ? eudorus for you , my lord . achilles then fight for I . and let the servant of agamemnon fight for he . ext . agamemnon' warship 41 agamemnon , nestor and menelaus stand in the ship 's prow . menelaus whose ship be that ? nestor shield he eye from the sun and look . nestor Black sail . Achilles . they watch Achilles ' ship approach the beach . ( continued ) Al 42 43 44 45 . continued : agamemnon what be that fool do ? he 's go to take the beach of Troy with fifty man ? ext . trojan beach fortification - day the trojan archer check they catgut string one last time . ext . trojan armory - day tecton dismount at the door of the armory and run inside . int . trojan armory - day the cavernous building be crowded with armament : rack and rack of spear , sword , breastplate , and shield . hector watch as hundred of male citizen rush into the armory and be issue weapon by trojan soldier . the face of the man reflect fear , excitement , and resolve . tecton approach the prince and bow . hector the apollonian Guard ? tecton wait at the city gate . hector good . hector grab the captain , lysander , oversee arm distribution . hector how long before the army be ready ? lsyander half we man be still come in from the countryside . we have to arm they , we have to match they with the right officer -- hector how long ? ( continued ) Al 42 43 44 46 . 44 continued : 44 lsyander ( take a deep breath ) noon ? hector make it sooner . we have never see the prince in martial mode before . he look different : eye harder , mouth set and unsmile . hector I want patrol to scour the countryside . check every home , every pasture . I want every trojan bring inside the wall . if they can not walk , carry they . lysander bow he head . hector walk swiftly away , follow by tecton . lysander and the other trojans watch they prince with silent respect . there be no doubt who lead the city . 45 ext . achilles ' warship 45 though the oarsman continue to pull , everyone be now armored . Achilles see patroclus , armed and ready to fight . achilles where be you go ? patroclus to fight the trojans . Achilles shake he head and take patroclus ' spear . achilles you be not ready . patroclus I be ready . you teach I how to fight . Achilles rest he hand on the back of the boy 's head . achilles and you be a good student . but you be not a myrmidon yet . he gesture to the myrmidon around they . ( continued ) 45 46 4 '' al. continued : 45 achilles this be the fiercest soldier in Greece . each of they have ble for I before . ( beat ) I can not fight the trojans if I be worry about you , cousin . Guard the ship . patroclus look about the deck . the only unarmored man aboard be a old , one - legged cook , mend spear . patroclus angrily strip off he breastplate and drop it to the deck . ext . gate of troy - day 46 hector and tecton gallop through the gate . they rein in they horse and look over the elite apollonian Guard , eighty of Troy 's finest soldier , riding well - groom , snort mount . when hector speak he voice be clear and steady . hector all my life I have live by a code , and the code be simple . ( beat ) honor the god . ( beat ) Love you woman . ( beat ) and defend you country . the man roar . hector Troy be mother to we all . fight for she ! the man roar and thrust they spear into the air . hector lead the charge to the beach . ext . achilles ' warship - day 47 Achilles stand in he ship 's bow , scan the trojan dune . he turn to face he man . he smile . achilles myrmidon , we be brother of the sword . I would rather fight alongside you than any army of thousand . ( continued ) 4 '' 48 49 50 48 . continued : 4 '' the myrmidon cheer . Achilles point he sword toward Troy . achilles do you know what 's wait beyond that beach ? ( beat ) immortality . the myrmidon raise they sword and cry out with one voice . the oarsman give one last mighty pull on they oar and beach the tar-caulked keel of the warship on trojan sand . Achilles put on he helmet , grab a coiled rope anchore to a bronze cleat , and rappel down to the beach . the myrmidon follow he , toss the rope off the deck and shimmy down to the beach . ext . trojan beach fortification - continuous 48 the archer behind the fortification watch the myrmidon climb down from they ship . they captain raise he hand : wait ... wait ... captain of archer now ! the archer rise and release they arrow . ext . trojan beach - continuous 49 hundred of arrow whistle through the air . four of the myrmidon climb down cry out as arrow hit they ; they tumble into the sea . other arrow rip into the pack sand or zip harmlessly into the water . the myrmidon , cluster together and hold they shield above they head , look to Achilles . Achilles make a hand signal . half he man split off and run to the fortification on they leave , howling like wolf as arrow rain down . ext . achilles ' warship - continuous 50 patroclus huddle under the railing beside the cook as arrow after arrow scream by . a flame arrow hit one of the sail , and then another . the sail begin to burn . ( continued ) 50 51 52 53 54 49 . continued : 50 one -legged cook help I get the sail down ! the cook limp over to the sail , ignore the arrow that rain around he . patroclus take a deep breath and run in a crouch to the cook . together they lower the burn sail . ext . trojan beach - day 51 Achilles sprint toward the archer , half he man behind he . the archer let off another volley . more myrmidon fall . ext . agamemnon be ship - day 52 agamemnon , menelaus , and nestor watch the battle from the prow of they ship . they be still half a mile away . agamemnon ( in awe despite himself ) the man want to die . we hear shout of " Achilles ! " from the other ship , a great clamor as man bash the flat of they sword against they shield and cheer they hero on . agamemnon hear the cheer . he grit he tooth and glare at the distant Achilles . nestor notice agamemnon 's barely conceal fury . he speak quietly , so no one else can hear . nestor give he he battle . you will take the war . agamemnon give he too many battle and the man will forget who 's king . ext . trojan plain - day 53 hector and he man near the high dune , gallop at breakneck speed . ext . trojan beach - continuous 54 Achilles , three arrow in he shield , sprint across the sand . arrow tear through the air about he . no man alive can run with Achilles . ( continued ) 54 54a 55 56 50 . continued : 54 he leap over the fortification , sword flash before he foot ever touch the ground . the archer crumple to the ground as Achilles ' sword cut through they . in a moment the myrmidon catch up to Achilles and lay into the archer . within second they massacre they . Achilles turn and nod to the temple : the next target . eudorus gasp for air . Achilles regards he with amusement . achilles breathe , my friend . eudorus take two deep breath . Achilles dash for the temple . his myrmidon follow behind . ext . temple of gold 54 a the archer at the temple unleash a fusillade of arrow . every few yard another myrmidon fall . several of they be wounded , but if they be not dead they keep move forward . ext . ajax be ship - continuous 55 ajax 's ship be one hundred yard from shore . legendary ajax ( 30 ) -- a huge man , brutally muscle , head shave , face and body scar -- stand in the prow , watch Achilles . ajax look at he , hogging all the glory . he walk over to he rower , grab a oarsman on the front bench under the armpit and toss he away . ajax sit , grab the oar handle , and begin row maniacally , the vein in he massive arm bulg through the skin . ajax row , you lazy whore , row ! Greeks be die ! the oarsman redouble they effort and the ship leap over the wave toward the shore . ext . trojan beach dune - day 56 hector and the apollonian Guards rein in they horse atop the dune . hector see ajax 's ship plow into the beach . hundred of other ship be close behind . 56A 56b 57 51 . ext . beach defence 56 a the trojan archer rain arrow down on ajax 's ship . several flame arrow catch in the hull and begin to burn . ext . trojan beach dune - day 56 B tecton we can not hold the beach , my prince . hector see where Achilles and the myrmidon be head . hector they be try to take the temple . tecton no believer would spill blood in Apollo 's temple . hector , increasingly uneasy , watch Achilles dodge arrow . he turn and point to the spot where ajax 's ship have land . hector ( to a apollonian officer ) the archer need help . burn as many ship as you can , but do not sacrifice yourself . bring the man back to the city . the officer bow and lead 60 Guards to the fortification . hector ( to tecton ) follow I . he gallop toward the temple , tecton and he man behind he . ext . temple of apollo - day 57 Achilles , he shield now quilled with arrow , hurl he spear . it catch the close archer just above the breastplate , tear through the man 's throat . the archer near by throw down they bow and take up the spear rack behind they . ( continued ) 57 58 59 52 . continued : 57 but Achilles be already upon they , cut they down with ruthless precision . every time he bronze sword flash through the air another trojan fall , and Achilles keep sweeping through they , he face paint with trojan blood . the other myrmidon be fight beside they leader now , and the trojan archer be no match for the myrmidon in hand to hand combat . soon the temple area belong to the Greeks . ext . ajax be ship - continuous 58 ajax and he man rappel down the ship 's hull while arrow rip into wood and flesh . ajax carry a giant battle - axe and a shield twice the size of most I n's . when he reach the surf he do not wait for he man ; he roar and charge at the archer in the dune . ext . temple of apollo - continuous 59 Achilles , not even breathe hard after the slaughter , remove he helmet and rest it on the wall . the survive myrmidon search the grounds , dispatch any die trojans . eudorus hurry over to Achilles ' side . eudorus the temple be secure . achilles the Sun God be the patron of Troy , we enemy . take whatever treasure you can find . the myrmidon cheer and rush the temple . eudorus with you permission , my lord -- achilles speak . eudorus gesture to the sun above they . eudorus Apollo see everything . perhaps it 's not wise to offend he . ( continued ) 59 60 61 53 . continued : 59 Achilles nod and walk over to the tower statue of Apollo in front of the temple . eudorus watch in horror as Achilles climb atop the statue and behead Apollo with a swing of he sword . ext . trojan beach - continuous 60 hector and tecton rein in they horse . tecton he dare attack Apollo ? hector spur he horse and race toward the invader , follow by he twenty man . the other sixty apollonian gallop to ajax 's landing spot . ext . temple of apollo - continuous 61 Achilles gaze at the sky as if wait for the sun to blast he for blasphemy . nothing happen . hear hoofbeat , Achilles turn and spot hector and he man , two hundred yard away . achilles ( to budorus ) get inside the temple , warn the man . eudorus hurry to warn he comrade . achilles eudorus ! wait , wait a moment . the myrmidon captain stop . Achilles heft a spear , judge the distance , and throw . one hundred yard from Achilles , the spearhead find its mark : tecton 's breastplate . tecton be knock from he horse and skewer to the ground . he clutches at the wooden shaft , not comprehend he fate . hector rein in he horse and stare at he fall captain . the man be finish . hector turn to look at Achilles . eudorus 's eye be wide . no other man alive could have throw a spear that far or that accurately . ( continued ) 61 62 54 . continued : 61 achilles now you can go . eudorus run inside the temple . hector kick he horse and gallop toward Achilles . his man cry out and follow he . Achilles wait . hector raise he own spear . when he be fifty yard away , he throw . at the very last moment , Achilles bend he head to one side , a almost lackadaisical movement . the spear rip through the air occupy by Achilles ' head half a moment before . Achilles smile . hector draw he sword and charge , he man right behind he . Achilles walk , with insulting insouciance , into the temple . a series of high step lead inside the temple . hector and the trojans dismount and proceed cautiously to the temple . ext . trojan beach - day 62 a arrow stick out of ajax 's leg but he do not seem to notice it . he bull forward , giant shield hold in front , and slam into the trojan rank . where Achilles be all grace and speed , ajax be brute force . parry he blow be useless : he battle axe split bronze shield , bronze sword , bronze helmet . the sound of he axe carve through a breastplate and the man beneath the breastplate be like nothing else on earth . as ajax drop another trojan , he lift he ax to the heaven . ajax I be ajax , breaker of stone , widow - maker of salamis ! look upon I , trojans , and despair ! the apollonian join the fight against the Greeks . the Guards be far better than the archer at hand - to-hand combat . 63 64 55 . int . temple of apollo - day 63 hector and he man enter the temple . eye adjust to the gloomy light , they gingerly advance . all be quiet . evidence of looting be everywhere . at the back of the temple , stair lead up to the altar room . hector walk toward the stair . blood trickle down the step . hector raise he eye . Achilles stand atop the staircase , both hand wrap around the hilt of he sword , the sword point rest on the top step . he stare down at hector . war cry explode through the temple . the myrmidon burst from they hide place and rush the trojans . hector be a obvious target . two myrmidon charge he , they spear levele . if Achilles be the apotheosis of martial grace , hector be something altogether different -- a man of ordinary gift who have become a extraordinary warrior by dint of experience , endless training , and powerful intelligence . as the myrmidon charge he wait . at the last moment he swing he sword , slice both spearhead from they shaft . the myrmidon stare at they decapitate spear . hector do not give they a chance to recover . he pounce , sword flash , and both man fall to the temple floor . Achilles watch from the top step . hector begin run up the stair . Achilles disappear inside the altar room . another myrmidon bound up the stair after hector . the prince wheel about and kick the myrmidon in the breastplate . the soldier tumble down the step . hector continue up the stair . ext . trojan beach - day 64 as more Greek ship make landfall , the apollonian officer see that they position be no longer defensible . apollonian officer back to the city ! back to the city ! the trojans begin to retreat . the archer still turn to fire whenever there 's time . mounted Guards haul flee archer onto they horse . 65 56 . int . altar room - day 65 hector find the body of two priest . they lie on the stone floor , limb splay , throat slit . sitting atop the altar , half -hidden by the shadow , be Achilles . he 's a terrible sight to behold , splatter with blood , he bronze sword still drip . achilles you must be very brave or very stupid , to come after I alone . ( beat ) you must be hector . hector stare at Achilles a moment before kneel by the dead priest ' body . achilles a private audience with the prince of Troy . I be flatter . do you know who I be ? hector this priest be not armed . hector close the eye of the murder priest . Achilles jump down from the altar and look at the body . achilles I do not kill they . cut old man 's throat -- there 's no honor in that . hector honor ? ( spit ) Children and fool fight for honor . I fight for my country . hector charge . Achilles dance back , stay just out of reach . Achilles look relaxed , almost playful . hector fight I . achilles why kill you , prince of Troy , with no one here to see you fall ? Achilles back out of a archway open onto the bright day outside . hector follow . 66 57 . ext . temple of apollo - continuous 66 down at the beach , score of Greek ship be on the sand . hector why do you come here ? Achilles gesture at the invade flotilla . achilles they will be talk about this war for a thousand year . hector in a thousand year even the dust from we bone will be go . achilles yes , prince . but we name will remain . a band of bloody myrmidon , lead by eudorus , emerge from the temple . hector , surround by enemy , warily back off . eudorus ( to Achilles ) the trojans be dead . achilles go home , prince . drink some wine . make love to you wife . tomorrow we will have we war . hector you speak of war as if it 's a game . but how many wife wait at Troy 's gate for husband they will never see again ? achilles perhaps you brother can comfort they . I hear he 's good at charming other men' wife . hector stare at Achilles and the myrmidon for another moment before walk away . eudorus why do you let he go ? achilles it 's too early in the day for kill prince . 67 68 69 58 . ext . trojan beach - day 67 thousands of Greek soldier on the beach watch as the trojans retreat , many of the archer riding behind they apollonian savior . hector mount he horse and ride back toward the city . when the Greeks see Achilles climb onto the temple 's roof they stare in awe , silent . Achilles raise he bloody bronze sword toward the sun . the clamor that erupt from the beach be deafen . thousands of man cheer and yell he name : Achilles ! Achilles ! ext . agamemnon be ship - day 68 agamemnon , still aboard he ship , wait for the gangplank to be lower . his dark eye be cold and hateful as he listen to the man cheer . ext . beach encampment - later 69 Soldiers tug more and more ship onto the sand . from the land ship , primitive crane be already beginning to lower box of provision , military materiel , and horse . Achilles walk across the beach , carry he helmet , accept the congratulation of the troops . ajax , shirtless , stride over . ajax Achilles ! Achilles halt . for a moment there seem to be tension in the air . everyone watch . ajax give Achilles a bear hug . ajax you be as fearless as a god . achilles the god be immortal . what do they have to fear ? ajax laugh and release Achilles . ajax I be honore to go to war with you . Achilles nod and grip the big man 's thick arm . ( continued ) 59 . 69 continued : 69 achilles I do not have to worry about my back with you behind I . Achilles continue walk . he see odysseus walk down a gangplank from he ship to the beach . achilles ( call out ) if you sail any slower , the war would be over . odysseus I do not mind miss the beginning of the war -- as long as I be here at the end . Achilles smile and keep walk . he arrive at the myrmidon 's newly establish base . patroclus , eudorus , and the other survive myrmidon greet Achilles . eudorus we have something to show you . Achilles follow eudorus and the grin myrmidon to a large tent twenty yard inland from they beach ship . a few myrmidon hammer the last tent peg deep into the sand . eudorus hold open the tent flap . Achilles look at he captain for a moment before enter the tent . 70 int . achilles ' tent - continuous 70 no rug have be laid down yet , so loot from the temple have be stack on the sand : gold chalice , black amphorae , woven tapestry , goatskin fill with sacred wine . but Achilles do not look at this plunder . bound by the wrist to the center pole of the tent be briseis , dress in she white robe . terrify but try to retain she composure , she return Achilles ' stare . robe tear , hair dishevel , bleed from the lip : she still possess she innate dignity and strength . something change in Achilles ' eye when he look at she . ( continued ) 70 60 . continued : 70 eudorus the man find she hide in the temple . they think she would .. please you . achilles leave we . eudorus bow and exit . Achilles pull a small , sharp knife from he belt . briseis stare at the blade . Achilles walk over to she and cut the rope that bind she . she sit back , rub the chafe skin of she wrist , still watch Achilles . he sheathes he knife . achilles what 's you name ? briseis stare at he but do not answer . Achilles become aware , for the first time , that he 's cover in blood . he wipe a hand across he face . briseis look about the tent , as if search for a way out . achilles you be safer in this tent than out there . believe I . briseis you kill Apollo 's priest . achilles I have kill man in five country . but never a priest . briseis then you man do . ( beat ) the Sun God will have he vengeance . Achilles remove he bronze grieve . achilles what 's he wait for ? briseis be stunne by such blunt blasphemy but she can not take she eye off he , because Achilles , after all , be Achilles . briseis the right time to strike . ( continued ) 70 6l. continued : ( 2 ) 70 Achilles remove he breastplate . achilles his priest be dead and he acolyte 's a captive . ( beat ) I think you god be afraid of I . briseis laugh bitterly . briseis afraid ? Apollo be master of the sun . he fear nothing . Achilles nod and look around the dark tent . achilles then where be he ? briseis have no answer . Achilles smile and she look away . a bucket of hot water sit beside a washcloth . Achilles wet the cloth and begin to scrub the blood from he body . briseis you be nothing but a killer . you do not know anything about the god . achilles you have not see twenty summer and you think you know my heart ? I know more about the god than priest could ever teach you . ( beat ) you be royalty , be not you ? briseis say nothing . Achilles smile again . achilles you have spend year talk down to man , you must be royalty . what 's you name ? ( beat ) even the servant of Apollo have name . briseis briseis . ( continued ) 62 . 70 continued : ( 3 ) 70 achilles be you afraid , briseis ? briseis be quiet for a moment . she watch Achilles with a mixture of fear and curiosity . briseis should I be ? eudorus ( 0.s. ) ( call from outside the tent ) my lord -- achilles what be it ? eudorus stick he head inside the tent . eudorus King agamemnon request you presence . achilles why would I want to look at he when I can look at she ? eudorus all the king be there , celebrate the victory . Achilles stand . achilles give I a moment . eudorus withdraw . a long beat while Achilles study she . achilles you do not need to fear I , girl . you be the only trojan who can say that . 71 ext . agamemnon' tent - later 71 two muscular guard stand by the open to agamemnon 's tent . Achilles , wear clean clothes , do not bother wait for the guard ' permission to enter ; he brushes past they and through the tent flap . 72 63 . int . agamemnon' tent - continuous 72 the large tent on the beach , agamemnon 's command quarter be a lush affair , decorate with the spoil of a dozen war . several aide -de-camp bustle in and out on various errand . the Greek king be here : odysseus , ajax , menelaus , etc . agamemnon sit on a heavy wood throne , garishly inlaid with gold , mother - of - pearl , and precious stone . triopas , king of thessaly , kneel before agamemnon . triopas you have win a great victory , King of king . no one think the trojan beach could be capture so easily . he hand agamemnon a ceremonial dagger with a gold hilt . agamemnon a beautiful gift , triopas . you will be among the first to walk the street of Troy tomorrow . triopas stand and bow . Achilles have watch this exchange with disbelief . he glance at odysseus , who shrug . now nestor , king of the pylian , kneel before agamemnon and hand he a urn decorate with paint warrior . nestor my father neleus have this urn make to commemorate he victory at cyparisseis . I present it to you in honor of a even more memorable victory . agamemnon thank you , old friend . tomorrow we will eat supper in the garden of Troy . nestor stand and bow . agamemnon place the dagger and urn beside a pile of other luxurious gift . as the king file out of the tent , odysseus clasp Achilles ' shoulder and speak to he out of the other ' earshot . odysseus War be young man die and old man talk . you know this . ignore the politics . ( continued ) 72 64 . continued : 72 odysseus exit the tent . agamemnon deign to notice Achilles wait for he . agamemnon ( to he aide ) leave we . the aide exit , leave Achilles and agamemnon alone . Achilles eye the pile of gift . achilles apparently you have win some great victory . agamemnon ah , perhaps you do not notice . the trojan beach belong to priam in the morning . it belong to agamemnon in the afternoon . achilles you can have the beach . I do not come here for sand . agamemnon no , you come because you want you name to last through the age . ( beat ) a great victory be win today -- but the victory be not yours . king do not kneel to Achilles . king do not bring homage to Achilles . achilles the battle be win by soldier . the soldier know who fight . agamemnon History remember the king , not the soldier . ( beat ) tomorrow we will batter down the gate of Troy . I will build monument to victory on every island of Greece , and carve agamemnon in the stone . my name will last forever . you name be write in the sand , for the wave to wash away . achilles first you need the victory . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 72 Achilles turn to leave . agamemnon one more thing , son of peleus . Achilles stop . achilles I do not want to hear my father 's name from you mouth . agamemnon the first pick of the battle 's spoil always go to the commander . you man sack the temple of Apollo , yes ? achilles you want gold ? take it , it 's my gift , to honor you courage . take what you want . agamemnon I already have . aphareus ! haemon ! two battle -scarre soldier , aphareus and haemon , drag briseis into the tent . her face be bruise -- clearly she 's be slap around . agamemnon the spoil of war . tonight I will have she give I a bath . and then -- who know ? Achilles draw he sword . achilles ( to the soldier ) I have no quarrel with you , brother . but you will never see home again if you do not let she go . the soldier hesitate , then draw they own sword . Achilles advance on they . agamemnon Guards ! the two sentries rush into the tent , sword draw . Achilles be surround . he raise he sword . ( continued ) 72 73 74 66 . continued : ( 3 ) 72 briseis stop ! everyone stop and look at the girl . despite she tear robe , she noble bear and authoritative tone command respect . briseis too many people have die today . she look at the various man in the room and finally address Achilles . briseis if kill be you only talent , that 's you curse . but I do not want anyone die for I . everyone be quiet until agamemnon laugh . agamemnon mighty Achilles , silence by a slave girl . achilles she 's not a slave . agamemnon she be now . Achilles ' eye be flat and merciless . achilles before my time be do , King of king , I will look down on you corpse and smile . Achilles turn and leave the tent . ext . beach encampment - day 73 most of the ship have be haul onto the beach . hundred of soldier finish digging a long trench in the sand . pike be anchore and other fortification construct to protect the tent and ship from attack . ext . CITY of troy - dusk 74 in the die light , the trojans prepare they city for siege . Gray-beard officer oversee the reinforcement of the main gate . soldier haul thousand of arrow atop the city wall . t4a 75 76 67 . ext . temple of zeus t4a a massive congregation at the Temple of Zeus kneel before the Thunder God 's statue while priest burn the body of fall trojan soldier on tall pyre . the widows keen . ext . beach encampment - night 75 the beach be light by thousand of torch . the Greeks have transformed the serene beach into a well - fortify camp . int . priam meeting hall - night 76 priam stand by the room 's open archway . Beyond the city he see he beach occupy by the tremendous Greek force . hector , Paris , and several of Troy 's lead general , aristocrat and priest sit around the long table . one of the general , glaucus ( 60 ) , pound the table with he fist . glaucus if they want a war , we will give they awar . I would match the best of Troy against the best of Greece any day . velior ( 40 ) , a big-belly nobleman , shake he head . velior the best of Greece outnumber the best of Troy , two to one . glaucus so what do you suggest , we surrender the city , let the Greeks slaughter we man and rape we wife ? velior look at Paris until the prince return he gaze . velior I suggest diplomacy . the Greeks come here for one thing . let 's be honest , my friend . trojans be burn on the pyre right now because of one youthful indiscretion . Paris look away from velior . ( continued ) 76 continued : 68 . 76 priam glaucus , you have fight with I for forty year . can we win this war ? glaucus we wall have never be breach . we archer be the best in the world . and we have hector . his man would fight the shade of tartarus if he command . we can win . archeptolemus ( 65 ) , High Priest of Troy , wear a long white robe embroider with gold thread , now raise he voice . archeptolemus I speak with two farmer today . they see a eagle fly with a serpent clutch in its talon . ( beat ) this be a sign from Apollo . we will win a great victory tomorrow . Troy be the eagle . the Greeks -- hector Bird sign ! you want to plan we strategy base on bird sign ? priam hector . show respect . when archeptolemus prophesied four year of drought , we dig deeper well . the drought come and we have water to drink . the high priest be a servant of the god . hector and I be a servant of Troy . ( beat ) I have always honore the god , father . you know that . but today I fight with a Greek who desecrate the statue of Apollo . Apollo do not strike the man down . ( beat ) the god will not fight this war for we . ( continued ) 76 77 69 . continued : ( 2 ) 76 paris there will not be a war . ( he stand ) this be not a conflict of nation . it 's a dispute between two man . and I do not want to see another trojan die because of I . priam Paris -- paris tomorrow morning I will challenge menelaus for the right to helen . the winner will take she home . the loser will burn before nightfall . Paris leave the room . the other sit in stunne silence . glaucus do he have a chance ? everyone look at hector , who meditate before answer . hector I want we army outside the gate in the morning . agamemnon will not let this war end with a duel . ext . palace garden - night 77 priam 's garden be wondrous : palm tree grow in the courtyard ; flower vine climb the wall ; aeolian harp chime in the breeze . priam and Paris sit on a bench , face a statue of Aphrodite . the king hold a cloth - wrap bundle in he lap . paris Father , I ... I be sorry for the pain I have cause you . I -- priam do you love she ? Paris look up at the statue of Aphrodite . ( continued ) 77 78 70 . continued : 77 paris you be a great king because you love you country so much . every blade of grass , every grain of sand , every rock in the river -- you love all of Troy . ( beat ) that 's the way I love helen . priam nod and contemplate the goddess of beauty . priam I have fight many war in my time . some be fight for land , some for power , some for glory . ( beat ) I suppose fight for love make more sense than all the rest . Paris say nothing , but he father 's word seem to relieve a great burden from he shoulder . priam but I will not be the one fight . he hand Paris the bundle . Paris , curious , begin unwrap the cloth . finally the object be uncover : a shine sword , expertly forge , inscribe with the seal of Troy . paris the sword of Troy . priam my father carry this sword , and he father before he , all the way back to the founding of Troy . the history of we people be write with this sword . ( beat ) carry it with you tomorrow . Paris hold the sword up and it glow in the moonlight . priam the spirit of Troy be in that sword . as long as a trojan carry it , we people have a future . int . hector' chamber - night 78 hector sit on the bed beside andromache , who nurse they baby boy . ( continued ) 71 . 78 continued : 78 hector look exhaust . he stare at he son . hector he have no idea what 's happen . andromache thank the god . hector the man who kill tecton outside Apollo 's temple -- I have never see a spear throw like that . a impossible throw . a long beat until andromache break the silence . andromache briseis be in Apollo 's temple this morning . hector stare at andromache . hector be you sure ? she nod , swallow hard , and close she eye . after a moment hector , he eye full of sorrow , run he hand through she long hair . hector I need to see my brother . andromache do not go . hector I need to speak with he . andromache I mean tomorrow . do not go . you have fight enough . let other man go out there . hector you think I want to fight , my love ? I want to see my son grow tall . I want to see the girl chase after he . andromache just like they chase he father ? ( continued ) 78 79 80 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 hector he 's much more handsome than I ever be . for a moment they sit quietly , watch they son . andromache I lose seven brother in the spartan Wars . you would think I would be good at lose by now . ( beat ) I can not lose you . I will not survive . hector stare at she for a beat before pull she close and kissing she . everything be in this kiss , they entire past . andromache finally let he go and hector walk out the door . int . palace hall - later 79 as hector walk to Paris 's room , he spy someone in a dark cloak sneaking down the candle - light hallway -- a assassin ? hector wait ! the cloak figure look back and then run . hector chase . the fugitive run through the archway at the end of the corridor and into the garden . ext . palace garden - continuous 80 hector run into the garden . he 's far faster . he seize he quarry and pull aside the fugitive 's cowl . it 's helen . hector helen ? by the light of the moon he examine she face . the stress of recent week have take its toll , but the shadow beneath she eye make she face more compelling than ever . embarrass by the awkwardness of they position , hector stand and help helen to she foot . hector what be you do out -- ( continued ) 80 73 . continued : 80 helen run . hector catch she again after a few stride . helen let I go . hector where ? helen struggle against hector 's grip , but it 's useless . helen let I go ! helen , still struggle , begin to cry . hector pull she to he chest . she cry for real now , violently sobbing , she mouth muffle against hector 's body . hector shh . shh . helen I see they burn . I see they burn on the pyre . ( beat ) it 's my fault . hector no. helen it be . you know it be . all that widow . I still hear they scream . helen take a deep breath . she manage to control herself . helen they husband die because I be here . hector can not deny this . helen push herself out of he grip . helen I be go down to the ship . hector no . you be not . ( continued ) 80 81 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 80 helen I will give myself back to menelaus . he can do what he want -- kill I , make I he slave . anything 's better than this . hector it 's too late for that . you think agamemnon care about he brother 's marriage ? this be about power . not love . helen Paris be go to fight in the morning . hector yes . helen menelaus will kill he . hector look away , the word hurt he . helen I will not let that happen . hector it 's he decision . helen no . no . I can not ask anyone to fight for I . I be no longer queen of sparta . hector bow to helen and kiss she hand . hector you be a princess of Troy . and my brother need you tonight . helen stare at hector in wonder . the word seem to bolster she spirit , and she smile though she eye be still wet . she nod , touch he arm and go back to the palace . ext . beach encampment - dawn 81 up and down the beach thousand of greek warrior prepare for battle . despite they vast number , the man be oddly quiet , each absorb with he own thought . ( continued ) 81 82 75 . continued : 81 close on several face -- this be man we have not see before and probably will not see again , not king or heroes but ordinary man prepare for battle . one warrior pray with eye close , mumble the word , kneel in the sand . a second man inspect each arrowhead in he quiver . a third sit in the sand , snap seashell . int . achilles ' tent - later - day 82 Achilles sit cross -legge , arm hold straight out in front of he , palm up . his bronze sword be balanced on he palm . patroclus and eudorus , armored for battle , enter the tent . Achilles do not look away from he blade . though the sword must be heavy , he arm do not tremble . eudorus my lord ? the army be march . achilles let they march . we stay . eudorus but the man -- Achilles turn to glare at he and eudorus falter . eudorus -- the man be ready . achilles agamemnon spat on my honor yesterday . I promise that girl she safety and he steal she from I . let he fight the trojans today . eudorus and patroclus exchange glance . eudorus bow to Achilles and exit the tent . patroclus remain behind . achilles when I be very small I see my father kill a man with he bare hand . patroclus do not know how to respond to this . ( continued ) 82 76 . continued : 82 achilles there 's so much blood in a human body . Achilles flip the sword in the air and catch it by the hilt . he examine the edge . achilles you be ready to fight , patroclus ? patroclus I be . Achilles rest he sword on the ground . he stare at patroclus for a moment before speak . achilles you be ready to kill ? patroclus hesitates . achilles at night I see they face . all the man I have kill . I see they stand on the far bank of the River styx. ( beat ) they be wait for I . patroclus stand absolutely still . he 's never hear he cousin speak this way before . achilles some night I walk among they . when I wake I can still hear they word . ( beat ) they say , " welcome , brother . " Achilles inspect the knuckle of he fist . achilles never hate the man you fight . all of we be mortal . all of we wretch thing , tumble cry from we mother 's loin . ( beat ) only the god be free from sorrow . patroclus I hate no one , cousin . ( continued ) 82 83 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 achilles good. ( beat ) I teach you how to fight . but I never teach you why to fight . patroclus I fight for you . achilles and who will you follow when I be go ? patroclus hesitates , unsure how to answer . achilles most soldier battle for king they have never meet . they do what they be tell ; they die when they be tell to die . patroclus Soldiers obey . achilles we do not have much time to walk in the sun , patroclus . after this life come the underworld , a eternity tell storey to other shade . do not tell they you die follow some fool 's order . patroclus and what should I tell they ? achilles tell they you name . if you life have be worthy , they will know the rest . ext . wall of troy - day 83 one thousand archer stand in various position on the broad city wall , quiver of arrow by they side . trojan citizen also crowd atop the wall , quiet and sober . priam sit in a grandstand beneath a blue canopy . seat by he be CITY leader , include velius and archeptolemus . helen stand apart from everyone else . no one be overtly hostile to she , but behind she back people stare and whisper . 84 84a 84b 78 . ext . battlefield - continuous 84 below the wall , on the broad field that stretch down from the city gate , the trojan army have amass . in the front , hector and General glaucus sit astride they horse . the soldier be discipline and well - outfit , arrange in tight formation . Paris ride out to join hector . hector examine Paris 's face . hector be you sure you want to do this ? paris I start this war . Paris search the face atop the city wall . he find helen . close on helen . the wind be blow hard , ruffling she cloak , she hair . there be love in she eye , and fear and exhaustion . Paris stare up at she for a long time before turn away . a low , ominous rumble grow steadily louder . hector hear it first . he look down the vast sloping field toward the sea . now the other soldier hear it , and then the citizen atop the wall . all speech cease . the trojans quietly wait . the rumbling resolve into the steady beat of war drum . ext . beach - dune 84a and now we see they , fifty thousand greek . the reflection of sunlight off fifty thousand bronze shield , fifty thousand bronze helmet and chest plate , be spectacular -- the army look like a river of lava , flow uphill . ext . wall of troy 84b the trojan soldier do not quiver or waver , but the expression on they face betray they anxiety . the Greek army be more than twice the size of the trojan army . 85 86 87 BTA 79 . ext . wall of troy - continuous 85 the citizen shield they eye from the brightness . they exhibit they nervousness more openly than the soldier . one old woman moan softly , she hand over she mouth . ext . bluff - day 86 patroclus , eudorus , and the rest of the myrmidon climb to the top of a tall bluff near the beach . from here they can see the broad battlefield a mile away . ext . battlefield - day 87 the Greek army halt just beyond arrow range . a delegation of king -- agamemnon , nestor , menelaus , odysseus , and ajax -- on chariot proceed to the center of the battlefield . odysseus look over he shoulder and then yell to ajax . odysseus where 's Achilles ? ajax look around and shrug . ext . battlefield between armie 87a hector and Paris spur they horse and canter out to meet the Greeks . the brother speak without look at each other . hector menelaus be a bull . he will charge you . Paris nod . hector he 's stronger than you , so try not to fight he up close . keep you distance . use you quickness . Paris lean over and try to spit , but he mouth be too dry . hector brother ? Paris , he face ashen , look at hector . hector you do not have to do this . ( continued ) BTA 88 80 . continued : 87a Paris shake he head and continue riding toward menelaus . ext . wall of troy - day 88 helen , alone , view the battlefield . a old , spot hand take she elbow . she turn and look into priam 's eye . priam sit with I . helen follow the king to he grandstand and sit beside he . she 's aware of people stare at they but he seem oblivious . priam all my life I have pray against this day . helen yes , my king . priam call I father , dear child . startle by this affection , she hesitates before respond . helen forgive I , father . for ... she pause , stare out at the vast Greek army . helen ... bring this . priam shake he head and smile sadly . priam I blame you for nothing . everything be in the hand of the god . ( beat ) besides , how could I blame anyone for fall in love with Paris ? helen look out at the battlefield , fix on Paris , at this distance a tiny figure on horseback . priam take she hand . 89 81 . ext . battlefield - day 89 hector and Paris ride up to the Greek king . menelaus stare at Paris , he finger tapping the hilt of he sword . Paris do not make eye contact . the king step down from they chariot and the trojan prince dismount from they horse . both army be line up several hundred yard apart . agamemnon survey the trojan army . agamemnon I see you be not hide behind you high wall . valiant of you . i1l - advise , but valiant . hector you come here uninvite . go back to you ship . go home . agamemnon we have come too far , Prince hector . menelaus Prince ? this be not prince . what son of a king would accept a man 's hospitality , eat he food , drink he wine , and then steal he wife in the middle of the night ? paris the sun be shine when you wife leave you . menelaus draw he sword . he point it at the city wall . menelaus she 's up there watch , be not she ? good . I want she to watch you die . agamemnon place a hand on he brother 's arm . agamemnon not yet , brother . he make a sweeping gesture , indicate he entire army . agamemnon look around you , hector . I have bring all the warrior of Greece to you shore . ( continued ) 89 continued : 82 . 89 nestor you can still save Troy , young prince . agamemnon I have two wish . if you grant they , no more of you people need to die . first , give helen back to my brother . second , Troy must submit to my command , to fight for I whenever I call . hector you want I to look upon you army and tremble . well , I see they . I see fifty thousand man bring here to fight for one man 's greed . agamemnon be careful , boy . my mercy have limit . hector I have see the limit of you mercy . and I tell you now that no son of Troy will ever submit to a foreign ruler . agamemnon then every son of Troy shall die . paris there be another way . everyone watch Paris now . paris ( to menelaus ) I love helen . I will not give she up . and neither will you . so let 's fight we own battle . let the winner take helen home , and that will be the end of it . agamemnon a brave offer . but not enough . menelaus pull agamemnon aside and speak to he out of the other ' earshot . menelaus let I kill this little peacock . ( continued ) 89 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 89 agamemnon I do not come here for you pretty wife . I come for Troy . menelaus and I come for my honor . his every breath insult I . ( beat ) let I kill he . when he 's lie in the dust , give the signal to attack . I will have my revenge and you will have you city . agamemnon ponder the offer . he nod . they rejoin the other . menelaus ( to Paris ) I accept you challenge . and tonight I will drink to you bone . he walk over to he chariot and grab he shield . hector help Paris into he helmet and speak quietly to he . hector he do not have the stamina he once do . make he swing and miss . he will tire . Paris nod . he turn toward menelaus but quickly turn back and grab hector 's arm . paris hector ! hector wait . Paris open he mouth but no word come out . he try again . paris if I fall -- tell helen -- tell she -- hector I will . paris do not let menelaus hurt she . make he swear -- hector think about you sword and he sword . nothing else . ( continued ) 89 b9a 89b 84 . continued : ( 3 ) 89 hector hug he close for a moment and release he . Paris walk toward the center of the field , where menelaus wait . paris' Pov 89 a it 's difficult to see from inside you bronze helmet . you peripheral vision be severely restrict , and the nose guard bisect you vision . you breathe sound amplify , impossibly loud and half - panicked . but there 's no turn back . menelaus stand in the center of the vast battlefield , patient and menace , carve the air with lazy stroke of he sword . you look back and see hector . hector nod , try to encourage you , but he look worried . behind hector be the trojan army , twenty - five thousand silent man . behind the army be the city of Troy . atop that wall , beneath that blue canopy , you father be watch , and the woman you love . you turn back to menelaus . he 's smile at you . back to scene 89b menelaus charge at Paris and swing mightily , try to knock the prince 's head from he shoulder . Paris manage to duck beneath the flash blade . menelaus fight with little art and great savagery , exploit he superior strength . Paris be quick . he nearly surprise the bigger man with a fast sword thrust , but menelaus dominate the fight , hammer Paris 's shield with a furious barrage of blow . Paris step away and try another thrust , but this time menelaus sidestep and smashes Paris in the jaw with the hilt of he sword , knock the prince 's helmet off . Paris fall , blood leak from he nose and mouth . hector , frustrated and powerless to help , try to will he brother to victory . hector ( under he breath ) get up . get up . 89 C 90 91 92 92a 85 . ext . greek line 89c ajax and odysseus , stand together , watch the bloody prince . ajax look disgust , odysseus amused . ajax this be the prince of Troy ? in salamis , the woman fight better . odysseus but they be not as pretty . ext . wall of troy - continuous 90 helen , unable to sit , now stand at the wall , watch she lover battle she husband . priam stand beside she . ext . bluff - continuous 91 patroclus and the other myrmidon watch the battle . eudorus menelaus still know how to fight . ext . battlefield - continuous 92 menelaus swing at the fall prince but Paris be able to block the blow with he shield and scramble to he foot . menelaus point to the sky . Three crow circle above . menelaus you see the crow ? ( beat ) they have never taste a prince before . the spartan 's mind game be work -- Paris wear the face of a man who do not want to fight . he swing clumsily and menelaus manage to catch he wrist . the spartan grin and raise he sword for the kill . Paris lash out with he free hand , punch the spartan hard in the jaw . menelaus grunt and shove the trojan away . he spit out a tooth . he 's no longer smile . odysseus and ajax 92a exchange a quick glance : not bad . 92b 93 94 94a 86 . menelaus 92b but menelaus bore in again , blow after blow . finally he bronze blade bite into Paris 's thigh . Paris stagger backward , blood flow down he leg . he swing desperately but menelaus parry , knock the sword from Paris 's hand . Paris stare at he fall sword , five foot away . Paris run . menelaus snarl and chase after he . ext . wall of troy - continuous 93 the citizen seem shocked that they prince and hero would flee before a Greek assailant . they look at each other and whisper , glance at priam , curious to see he reaction . priam ( to himself ) fight he , son . fight he . helen stare at the battlefield , she face unreadable . ext . battlefield - continuous 94 Paris run to hector , gasp for breath , the blood pour down he face and leg . he fall to he knee before he older brother . hector stare at Paris and then at menelaus , who have stop seven foot from the prince . menelaus fight I , you coward ! fight I ! Paris , unable to look at either man or speak , tremble by he brother 's side . hector , completely at a loss , lay he hand on Paris 's head . menelaus we have a pact . fight ! CUT to : ext . greek line 94a agamemnon signal for the driver of he chariot . agamemnon the trojans have violate the agreement . we march . ( continued ) 94 a 94b 87 . continued : 94a the driver nod . agamemnon hop onto the chariot and they ride toward the army to deliver the order . CUT to : ext . battlefield 94b hector look from he brother to the enraged menelaus . menelaus this be not honor . this be not worthy of royalty . hector look at he brother but Paris be not look at anybody . he gasp for breath , the blood stream from he wound . hector glance at the Greek army , then back to Paris . menelaus if he do not fight , Troy be doom . hector Paris . Paris shake he head , blood drip from he nose . paris no. no. hector ( to menelaus ) the fight be over . menelaus the fight be not over . stand back , Prince hector . hector stare at the king , judge he intention . menelaus I will kill he at you foot . I do not care . hector he 's my brother . menelaus charge , sword raise overhead . in one motion hector draw he own sword and plunge the point through menelaus 's breastplate . menelaus 's momentum carry he forward , until he breastplate touch the hilt of hector 's sword . ( continued ) 94b 94c 94d 88 . continued : 94b menelaus , eye wide open , stare down at the blood which now begin rush down he armor . he look up at hector . hector pull he blade out . menelaus fall to the ground . CUT to : ext . greek line 940 agamemnon stand on he chariot in front of he army , see he brother fall . for a moment the vast field be silent . agamemnon shout . a wordless cry of rage , echoing from the Greek line to the wall of Troy . he point toward hector . the entire Greek army surge forward . holler with a collective violence powerful enough to make the ground tremble , fifty thousand soldier charge at hector . CUT to : ext . battlefield 94d see they come . the ground he stand on tremble with the concussive force of Greek foot and horse ' hoof . hector Paris . Paris still seem to be in a state of shock . hector get up . get up ! the avalanche of Greek infantry be get closer . Paris finally get to he foot but run in the wrong direction , toward the Greeks . hector Paris ! what seem to be a sprint to suicide turn out to be something different : Paris grab the fall sword of Troy from the ground , dangerously close to the charge Greeks . he turn and dash back to hector . the prince mount . ( continued ) 94d 94e 94f 95 96 89 . continued : 94d the Greeks be almost upon they . brandish they spear and scream they war cry , all of they vie for the glory of fell the trojan prince . the close Greeks launch they spear . one whistle by hector 's ear . he spur he horse . the prince gallop toward the city . CUT to : ext . greek line 948 odysseus watch this chase with trepidation . odysseus we man be too close to the wall . CUT to : ext . wall of troy - below 94 F glaucus the trojan general , see that the prince have gain some distance from they pursuer . he call to a officer stand on the city wall . glaucus archer ! ext . bluff - continuous 95 patroclus turn and see Achilles , stand on a high rock behind the other myrmidon . we do not know how long Achilles have be watch the battle . achilles pull back , you fool . ext . battlefield - continuous 96 the Greek army continue to charge at full speed . one thousand trojan archer notch they arrow and pull back they catgut string . glaucus now ! one thousand bronze- tip arrow soar into the air , a deadly swarm of hornet that rise toward the cloud before descend on the charge Greeks . ( continued ) 96 96a 90 . continued : 96 hundred of Greeks fall . the trojan archer let loose another swarm of arrow . the arrow fall with a great hiss . many find they mark , bite into the throat and face of the Greeks . the Greek army , so overwhelming second ago , be now strike with chaos . the man in the front turn back , realize they have become target , while the man in back still push forward . in this confusion of foot traffic the arrow continue to fall , a rainstorm of bronze . agamemnon , stand on he chariot in the middle of he frenzied troops , try to maintain order , but he shout go unheard above the general roar . the driver of he chariot fall , a arrow through he neck . agamemnon grab the rein and try to steer the chariot , but so many man be run about , so many body litter the ground , that maneuver be extremely difficult . CUT to : ext . wall of troy 96a hector and paris have reach the city wall , where glaucus and the army wait for they . hector grab Paris 's arm . hector get inside the city . he slap Paris 's horse . Paris , head bow , ride away . hector turn to he army . he shout to they at the top of he lung . hector the commander of the Greeks want the trojan army to fight for he ! the trojan mood become more and more bellicose . hector would any man here like to fight for agamemnon ? trojans no ! hector raise he sword and point it at the Greeks , who retreat from the arrow fusillade in disarray . ( continued ) 96 a 97 98 gl . continued : 96a hector for Troy ! trojans troy ! the trojans charge . hector , on horseback , reach the Greeks first . his sword cut down everyone within reach . the trojan infantry attack the Greeks , whose line have be break by the rain of arrow . the trojans take advantage of they enemy ' panic . hector 's plan have succeed . ext . bluff - continuous 97 Achilles be unable to stand still . his finger twitch as he watch the battle ; he pace back and forth and curse . patroclus and the myrmidon avoid look at they leader . achilles get they in line ... get they in line ... ext . battlefield - continuous 98 odysseus , meanwhile , work to reorganize the troops . odysseus selepius ! bring you man back into line ! ajax , stand nearby , see hector chopping he way through the Greeks . ajax run at hector . two trojan soldier try to intercept ajax . the mighty Greek swing he huge battle axe . the blade cut clean through the first soldier 's arm and halfway through he torso . the second soldier hack at ajax but the big man block the sword with he shield and then use the shield to ram the soldier 's face . blood spray from the trojan 's crush skull . both soldier fall dead to the ground . hector , battle a Greek infantryman , do not see ajax come . ajax grab hector 's horse 's bridle and tug hard , the vein in he arm bulg beneath the skin . ( continued ) 98 92 . continued : 98 the horse try to buck but ajax twist the horse 's head till it fall . hector fall with the horse , tumble to the dirt . the Greek infantryman he have be fight stab at he . hector roll away and manage -- while flat on he back -- to swing he sword , chopping off the infantryman 's foot just above the ankle . the infantryman scream and fall . ajax release the horse , raise he axe , and swing at the fall hector . the prince get he shield up just in time . ajax 's axe cleave through the shield , split the bronze into two even halve . hector stare at the halve shield , discard it , and jump to he foot . the two fighter circle each other while thousand of soldier around they battle to the death . ajax so you be the best of the trojans ? hector , look for a open in the brute 's defense , say nothing . ajax charge , swinging he battle axe . hector duck below the axe and lunge forward with he sword , but ajax -- quick despite he size -- sidestep , grab the smaller man in a bear hug and squeeze . hector turn red . the sword fall from hector 's hand . ajax grin . hector slam he helmete head forward , but ajax in the face . ajax stagger back , blood spraying from he nose , he axe fall to the ground . hector struggle to regain he equilibrium . ajax growl and launch himself at the prince . hector snatch a spear off the ground and position it just as ajax dive at he . the spear pierce ajax 's armor , drive through he belly and out he back . hector hold the shaft steady . ajax stare down at he wound . he seem more irritate than anything else . ajax place he two big hand on the spear shaft , right where the spear enter he body . he break the spear in two , snap the solid wood like a twig . half a spear still stick out he back , ajax swing the shaft , clobber hector in the side of the head , send the horsehair - plume helmet fly . ( continued ) 98 99 100 93 . continued : ( 2 ) 98 hector , daze , fall to one knee . ajax whacks he again on the back of he neck . hector crawl forward blindly . his hand brush over the blade of he drop sword . hector spring up , drive he sword into ajax 's gut , just below the big man 's breast plate . hector withdraw he sword . both man see the ground drench with ajax 's blood . ajax backhand hector with the break spear shaft , crack the prince in the jaw and drop he again . ajax grab hector , hoist he upright and begin throttling the prince . ajax spit a great wad of blood and smile , tooth wash red . hector try to kick at ajax , but ajax 's thumb dig deeper and deeper into hector 's throat . hector 's eyelid begin to flutter as he choke . but the salamisian king have lose too much blood . he sink slowly to he knee . hector be force to he knee as well . finally ajax 's eye roll back . he topple onto hector , hand still lock on the prince 's throat . hector undoe the death grip . he squirm out from under ajax 's corpse and stand . ext . bluff - continuous 99 patroclus and the myrmidon watch ajax fall with disbelief . Achilles can not bear to watch any longer . he walk away . none of he man dare look at he . ext . battlefield - day 100 the trojans be rout the Greeks . with two of they king already fall , the Greek force be in disarray . odysseus see agamemnon speed by on he chariot . odysseus run and manage to leap onto the chariot . the two king shout at each other above the commotion of battle . odysseus we need to retreat ! agamemnon survey the battlefield and he batter force . ( continued ) 100 101 102 103 94 . continued : 100 agamemnon my army have never lose a battle . odysseus if we do not fall back you will not have a army ! agamemnon seem daze by the turn of event . finally odysseus holler to whichever captain can hear he voice . odysseus back to the ship ! back to the ship ! the captain take up this cry , shouting order to they man . the Greeks retreat . the trojan soldier give a mighty shout as they pursue they enemy . ext . wall of troy 101 the people cheer . noble and commoner embrace as brother . ext . battlefield 102 hector , still on foot , lead he man as they chase down the flee Greeks . several thousand Greeks have fall . ext . beach encampment 103 the Greeks get back to they trenches , the bulk of the force still intact . archer in the Greek rear guard , man the trenches , now raise they bow and prepare to fire . hector , eager to avoid the mistake he Greek counterpart make earlier , hold up he hand and bellows to the troops . hector halt ! the trojan army stop just outside the Greek archer ! range . lysander , the trojan captain , stand beside hector . ( continued ) 103 104 104a 95 . continued : 103 lysander we have they on the run , my prince . hector we be almost in range of they archer . you see what we arrow do to they . ( beat ) have the man gather we fall . when they be do , send a emissary to the Greeks . they can collect they dead without fear of assault . lysander would they have do the same for we ? hector of course not . that 's why Troy be worth defend . hector turn and head back to the white city . ext . battlefield - later 104 thousands of body litter the broad field . we see they first from high above , they bronze armor gleam in the fail sunlight . close on several of the dead man 's face . the live haul the dead from the battlefield . horse be use to pull wagonload of body . father or son or brother or friend say they goodby and wash the dead man with washcloth and bucket of water . the sun sink into the ocean . both side build funeral pyre for they fall . when a body be load onto the pyre , a relative or friend place two coin on the dead man' eye . dozen of salamisian view ajax 's body . they weep as they pass by , each man kneel to kiss they fall king 's hand . ext . battlefield - funeral pyress 104a agamemnon stand before the body of menelaus . ( continued ) 104a 105 96 . continued : 104a he place two coin on menelaus 's eye . he step down from the pyre , accept a torch from a captain , and set the pyre on fire . agamemnon I will burn they city before I leave , brother . I promise you that . as the sky grow dark , the dead burn on the beach and inside the wall of Troy . int . paris' bedchamber - night 105 Paris flinch as helen , use needle and thread , stitches he leg wound . his face be bruise , he eye red . paris you think I be a coward . helen , concentrate on she stitching , say nothing . Paris flinch as the needle pierce he skin . paris I be a coward . ( beat ) I know he would kill I . I know it . you be watch , and my father , my brother , all of Troy -- it do not matter . the shame do not matter . ( beat ) I give up my pride , my honor . just to live . helen you challenge a great warrior . that take courage . paris I betrayed you . helen inspect she work . the black stitches be a little rag , but they seem secure . helen menelaus be brave . he live for fight . and I hate he from the day I marry he until the day he die . ( continued ) 105 106 107 ov . continued : 105 helen lean forward until she lip be inch from Paris . helen I do not want a hero , my love . I want a man to grow old with . she kiss he and there be great tenderness in she kiss . a knock on the door . helen look up . another knock . helen come in . hector enter the room . he examine Paris 's leg . hector ( to helen ) well stitched . ( to Paris ) you have a talented woman . ( beat ) I thank the god you be alive , little brother . paris I want to make you proud of I . he grip Paris ' shoulder . hector you will . ext . beach encampment - night 106 thousands of campfire constellate the beach . ten of thousand of exhaust soldier stare into the flame . int . agamemnon' tent - night 107 nestor sit at a table , poring over the map of Troy . odysseus lie in a hammock strung between two of the tent pole , eat olive and spitting out the pit . agamemnon pace the rug that floor the tent . his usual air of supreme confidence be go , replace by agitation . agamemnon they be laugh at I in Troy . Old priam and the other , drunk on victory . they think I will quit this shore , sail home at first light . ( continued ) 107 continued : agamemnon 98 . 107 odysseus maybe we should . spin and glare at odysseus . agamemnon flee like a whipped dog ? odysseus the man believe we come here for menelaus 's wife . he will not be need he wife anymore . agamemnon ( furious ) my brother 's blood still wet the grass and you insult he ? odysseus it 's no insult to say a dead man be dead . nestor if we leave now we lose all eredibility . if the trojans can beat we so easily , how long before the hittites invade ? odysseus you be right . but if we stay , we stay for the right reason . ( to agamemnon ) we stay to protect Greece , not you pride . you private battle with Achilles be destroy we . agamemnon Achilles be one man . what good could he -- odysseus hector be one man . look what he do to we today . agamemnon hector fight for he country . Achilles fight only for himself . odysseus I do not care about the man 's patriotism . I care about he ability to win battle . ( continued ) 107 108 99 . continued : ( 2 ) 107 nestor ( to agamemnon ) he 's right . the man 's morale be weak . odysseus weak ? they be ready to swim home . agamemnon even if I want to make peace with Achilles , the man will not listen . he 's just as likely to spear I as speak with I . odysseus I will talk to he in the morning . agamemnon think about it for a moment and nod . nestor he will want the girl back . agamemnon he can take the damned girl . I have not touch she . odysseus where be she ? agamemnon I give she to the man . they need some amusement after today . odysseus and nestor exchange worried look . ext . greek campfire - night 108 a band of battle - weary , drunken soldier stand by a campfire . they be exhaust , cake with dirt and they comrade ! blood . they shove briseis back and forth between they . each man she bounce into tear off a strip of she robe , which be now filthy rag barely cover she body . her face seem to have shut down . she have a bruise below one eye and she hair be wet with wine . the soldier stare at she with a mix of hostility and lust . aphaereus you trojan whore . ( continued ) 108 100 . continued : 108 echepolus we should kill she now , keep she from breeding any more trojan bastard . aphaereus no , she 's agamemnon 's property . ( tear off a sleeve ) what 's this ? a virgin 's robe ? haemon you will not be need that much longer . haemon squat by the fire , hold a iron in the flame . he pull out a brand iron in the shape of agamemnon 's seal : a white - hot alpha . he carry it toward briseis . haemon hold she down . briseis see the hot iron and begin to struggle , scream and kick at the man . four of the soldier pin she down . haemon why be you kick , girl ? better to be a spartan slave than a trojan priestess . briseis claw haemon in the face . he growl and punch she . haemon come on , come on , hold she down . the soldier hold she in the sand . haemon steady the hot brand and search for the best place to mark she . when the brand be inch from she arm someone grab the iron , pull it out of haemon 's hand and then slam it down on the man 's head . haemon collapse . Achilles stand alone , unarm save for the brand iron . by firelight he look ferocious . echepolus stumble backward . echepolus Achilles . aphaereus spit in the sand . he draw he sword . ( continued ) 108 109 110 lol . continued : ( 2 ) 108 aphareus there 's one of he and ten of we . Achilles swing the iron , almost too fast for the eye to follow . aphaereus 's face collapse . he fall to the beach . achilles nine . the other soldier run . Achilles lift briseis to she foot . more gently than we would have believe possible , Achilles brushes the sand from she face and hair . achilles can you walk ? briseis nod . Achilles , arm around she shoulder , lead she away from the campfire . ext . achilles ' tent - night 109 eudorus and patroclus be wait when Achilles and briseis get to the tent . achilles get I food and water . and a new robe . eudorus bow . patroclus watch Achilles and briseis enter the tent . int . achilles ' tent - later 110 Achilles sit near briseis , watch she . she 's clean now , dress in a new robe -- a man 's robe , far too big for she . platter of fruit and roast meat sit near she , along with pitcher of wine and water . briseis do not touch any of it . achilles you should eat . briseis say nothing . achilles do they hurt you ? briseis what do you think ? ( continued ) 110 continued : 102 . 110 achilles I see you fight they . you have courage . briseis to fight back when people attack I ? a dog have that kind of courage . achilles I like dog more than people . briseis stare into Achilles ' eye . he 's not use to people meeting he gaze . he stare back at the girl , intrigue . briseis why do you choose this life ? achilles what life ? briseis this ... to be a great warrior . achilles I choose nothing . I be bear and this be what I be . briseis but you must enjoy it . achilles do the scorpion feel joy when he sting the beetle ? ( beat ) I doubt it . I doubt he feel anything at all . briseis but you be not a scorpion . you be @ man . achilles and you be a woman in love with a god . where be Apollo when that man try to scar you ? briseis do you enjoy provoking I ? achilles yes . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) 110 they watch each other , Achilles smile , briseis angry . achilles you have dedicated you life to the god , yes ? briseis , glaring at he , do not answer . achilles Zeus , God of Thunder . Athena , goddess of wisdom . you serve they ? briseis of course . achilles and Aries , God of War , who blanket he bed with the skin of man he 's kill ? briseis pause , catch in the trap . briseis all the god be to be fear and respected . for a long beat they be silent , stare at each other . the air between they be charge with more than mere contention . briseis what do you want here in Troy ? you do not come for the spartan queen . achilles I want what all man want . I just want it more . Achilles take a apple and unsheathes a dagger . he toss the apple in he hand . on the third toss he whip he knife -hand up and across and neatly catch four apple quarter . he offer a quarter to briseis . stun , she slowly shake she head . Achilles shrug and eat the slice apple . ( continued ) 110 lil 112 104 . continued : ( 3 ) 110 achilles I will tell you a secret -- something they do not teach you in you temple . the god envy we . they envy we because we be mortal , because every moment might be we last . everything be more beautiful for the doom . he stare at she with such intensity she must look away . achilles you will never be lovelier than you be right now . and we will never be here again . briseis be quiet for a moment . she rub the ripe purple grape on the platter beside she . briseis I think you be a dumb brute . she look into Achilles ' eye . briseis I could have forgiven a dumb brute . ext . beach - night lil it 's quiet now . only a few campfire burn under a full moon . int . achilles ' tent - later 112 Achilles lie on he back on a deer skin , sleep . briseis kneel beside he . in the candlelight we see the glint of a bronze blade . she hold the knife near he throat . Achilles open he eye . achilles go on . briseis hold the blade against he skin . achilles nothing be easier . briseis be not you afraid ? ( continued ) 112 113 114 115 105 . continued : 112 achilles every mortal die . today or fifty year from now , what do it matter in the face of eternity ? briseis you will kill more man if I do not kill you . achilles many of they . for several second she hold the knife to he throat . finally she put it down . briseis May Apollo forgive I . Achilles pull she closer and they kiss . he slowly slide the robe off she shoulder . briseis -- eye close , lip parte -- tremble as Achilles unveil she . for a moment she hesitates but soon hesitation evaporate and she press she body against he , kissing he throat , he chest , he hand . they hunger for each other be stronger than god and nation . ext . BAY - dawn 113 rosy -finger dawn appear . the seagull cry above the wave . int . achilles ' tent - morning 114 Achilles watch briseis sleep . she look very young and fragile , she face bruise , she eyelid flutter as she dream . Achilles watch she with great tenderness . eudorus open the tent flap . sunlight stream in . Achilles put a finger over he mouth . eudorus see briseis and nod . Achilles gently pull the blanket over she naked shoulder . he stand and exit . ext . achilles ' tent - continuous 115 odysseus wait for Achilles outside the tent . ( continued ) 106 . 115 continued : 115 achilles ( to budorus ) have the man start load the ship . we be go home . eudorus , surprised , look at odysseus for a second before bow to he commander and walk away . odysseus you find the girl ? achilles I find she . odysseus be she hurt ? achilles not as badly as that who hurt she . Achilles stare at the sea . seagull patrol the sky . achilles do you miss you wife , odysseus ? odysseus always . achilles I have never miss anyone in my life . I use to think it be a weakness , need someone else . odysseus we all need someone else . right now , Greece need you . achilles Greece get along fine before I be bear and Greece will be Greece long after I be dead . odysseus I be not talk about the land . the valley , the mountain -- they do not care what we do . the man need you . you should have see the slaughter yesterday . achilles I see it . and I see who lead the man to slaughter . ( continued ) 115 continued : 107 . ( 2 ) 115 odysseus agamemnon ... be a proud man . but he know when he 's make a mistake . achilles the man send you to make he apology ? he do not understand honor . what be you do in thrall to that pig of a king ? odysseus the world seem simple to you , my friend . but when you be a king , very few choice be simple . ithaca cannot afford a enemy like agamemnon . achilles be I suppose to fear he ? odysseus you do not fear anyone , that 's you problem . fear be useful . ( beat ) stay , Achilles . you be bear for this war . achilles my life be war . be that what you think ? odysseus be I wrong ? Achilles stare at the sea again . achilles a week ago you be right . but thing be less simple today . odysseus woman have a way of complicate thing . Achilles smile . he turn to odysseus and clasp he hand . achilles of all the king of Greece , I respect you most . but in this war you be a servant . and I refuse to be a servant any longer . ( continued ) 115 108 . continued : ( 3 ) 115 odysseus sometimes you need to serve in order to lead . I hope you understand that one day . odysseus walk away . Achilles watch he go and then turn back toward he tent . he see that patroclus have be stand by the tent throughout the previous conversation . patroclus we be go home ? achilles we leave at noon . he try to enter he tent but patroclus grab he arm and block he path . Achilles stare at patroclus ' hand . patroclus release he but do not move out of the way . patroclus if Poseidon curse we and we ship go down , what will I tell the shade in hade ? that I die run from this war , abandon we countryman ? achilles we countryman ? patroclus yes , we country ! we be Greek , cousin . I break bread with this man , I drank they wine , I listen to they joke . this be we comrade . we can not desert they . ( beat ) you feud with agamemnon be tear this army apart . and you reputation suffer . the man be talk -- Achilles ' eye narrow as he temper rise . achilles if my blood be not in you vein -- patroclus but you blood be in my vein . ( continued ) 115 116 109 . continued : ( 4 ) 115 achilles I give you a order , cousin . we leave at noon . Achilles open the tent flap . patroclus if you command we not to fight for the king of king , so be it . but please do not ask I not to fight for Greece . ( long beat ) when the shade hear my name I want they to know I lead a worthy life . Achilles , face inscrutable , watch he cousin walk away . int . priam meeting hall - morning 116 the notables we have see in this room before -- priam , hector , glaucus , velior , archeptolemus -- be gather again . archeptolemus the omen be gather . the directive be clear . hector fight for you country . that 's the only directive . priam ( to hector ) the last time the high priest speak to we he prophesied a great victory for Troy . we win a great victory . let he speak . ( to archeptolemus ) what course of action do you recommend ? archeptolemus the god favor we cause . now be the time to destroy the Greek army . priam glaucus ? ( continued ) 116 continued : 110 . 116 glaucus they morale be batter . hit they now , hit they hard , and they will run . velior I must admit , I overestimate the Greeks . they lack discipline and courage . hector , frustrated and weary , rub he eye . hector the myrmidon do not fight yesterday . there must be dissension among the Greeks . but if we attack they ship , we will unify they . ( beat ) if they decide to attack , let they . they can not breach we wall . we will beat they back again . ( beat ; to priam ) yesterday the Greeks underestimate we . we should not return the favor today . priam meditate on this conflict advice . he stand and pace about the room . he turn to archeptolemus . priam you be confident about the meaning of this omen ? archeptolemus the desecration of he temple anger Apollo . the god have curse the Greeks . two of they king have already go down to the dust . priam continue pace , hand clasped behind he back . priam prepare the army . we attack at noon . hector we be make a mistake , father . Father and son face each other across the long table . priam prepare the army . 117 118 lll . ext . achilles ' warship - later - day 117 Achilles ' ship have already be haul into the shallow water , ready to depart . myrmidon climb the gangplank , carry gear onto the ship 's deck . int . achilles ' warship - day 118 briseis sit in the cabin watch Achilles tie a hammock to a peg . something have change between they . she look at he with undisguise tenderness . briseis be I still you captive ? achilles captive be a harsh word . you be my guest . briseis in Troy , guest can leave whenever they want . achilles strange custom . Achilles take she hand and inspect she uncallouse palm . achilles you have never work the field . never chop wood , never carry a milk pail . this be the hand of royalty . Achilles raise he own hand and show they to she . achilles my hand be gate to the underworld . ( beat ) all my life I have walk with death . but I grow tired of he company . ( beat ) come with I to larissa . a hint of a smile cross she lip . briseis larissa . be that where you be from ? ( beat ) it 's a pretty name . ( continued ) 118 119 120 112 . continued : 118 achilles I think I would never see it again . ( beat ) before I leave home my mother tell I my fate . briseis ( sincere ) she speak with the god ? achilles she know thing . ( beat ) she tell I if I stay home I would have a long , peaceful life . and if I come to Troy , life would be short ... but my name would never be forget . briseis and you choose Troy . achilles but what if fate bring I here for another purpose ? what if I have to go to war to find peace ? ( beat ) to find you ? she cup he face between she palm , pull he closer , kiss he lip . for a moment they gaze at each other , until the sound of war cry , horn , and battle drum fill the air . Achilles raise he head and listen , he face harden . briseis , alarmed , watch he . ext . agamemnon' tent - day 119 agamemnon , nestor , and odysseus exit the tent . the beach be a frenzy of activity . thousands of man rush to they position , hastily arming themselves . the king look to the high dune . ext . high dune - continuous 120 hector and he apollonian guard , on horseback , crest the dune and look down on the Greek encampment . 25,000 trojan foot soldier march behind hector . he give a signal . the force halt . 121 121a 121b 1210 113 . ext . beach encampment - continuous 121 the greek , plainly nervous , swarm to the long trench they have dig . the trojans crush they yesterday . now they be back . ext . high dune 121a the trojan archer pull they bow off they shoulder and notch they arrow . ext . beach encampment 1213 the Greek archer notch they arrow . odysseus stand with he ithacans , wait to battle . a ery start up on the far end of the Greek line and grow steadily louder . odysseus look in that direction . a glitter figure have step forth from the myrmidon camp , clad in the beautiful and distinctive armor that every man in the Greek army recognize . odysseus Achilles . all down the Greek line we hear the cheer building to a roar . agamemnon , hearing the commotion , turn and see the shine warrior . he watch the spectacle with mix emotion . eudorus , stand with several myrmidon , be thrilled by he leader 's unexpected arrival . eudorus Arm yourselves , man . the myrmidon quickly and excitedly arm themselves . ext . high dune 121 '' the trojans be not aware of this energy . hector raise he sword and point at the Greeks . the trojan army charge . when they be within range the trojan archer release , send a volley of arrow over the head of they comrade . the Greek archer release at the same time . two flock of arrow cross in the sky and swoop down on the man below . dozen of Greeks and trojans fall to the sand . 121d 114 . ext . greek beach defense 121d but now the glorious bronze figure of Achilles leap over the trench , sunlight reflect off he polished armor . he raise he sword to the sky . a great , violent roar rise from the Greek army . when he run toward the trojans the Greeks jump from they position and follow . the two army collide . unlike the grassy field the man fight on yesterday , today 's battle take place on the sand , and sand be everywhere . horse hoof kick up cloud of sand . Men struggle for foot in the loose sand . Red blood puddle on the yellow sand . but much more be different than the terrain . now the Greeks have a leader . the myrmidon be at the forefront , battle with a ferocity most trojans have never see before . a trojan officer , spear raise , gallop toward the figure of Achilles . before the trojan can throw , eudorus hurl he spear , catch the officer in the neck . the man go down . odysseus , immerse in combat , see this . he hesitates for a moment and in he distraction be nearly cut down by a axe-wield trojan . they fight . after odysseus dispatch the man , he look back toward the glitter figure of Achilles . something 's make he uneasy . a trojan swing he sword at the shine warrior , narrowly miss a clean decapitation . the Greek hero thrust he spear and gut the trojan . the myrmidon surge forward , hack they way through the trojans . the Greek army steadily push the trojans back , pick up more and more momentum . now it be the trojans who seem frighten , unsure where the Greeks find this intense spirit . glaucus , the trojan general , on horseback , shout to hector . glaucus the god be with they today ! we should fall back ! hector , fight , do not answer . ( continued ) 121d 121e 115 . continued : 121d the myrmidon be get closer to the elite apollonian . hector notice they now . he notice the beautiful armor of they leader , notice the leader hop nimbly from the path of a charge trojan and cut the man down . hector ( to himself ) Achilles . hector go after he . he grip the rein and guide he horse toward the myrmidon . his apollonian , cluster about he protectively , move in that direction as well . ext . greek beach defense 121e the two elite force clash . this man be expert , wield they spear and sword with superior skill . hector 's horse stumble in the deep sand . hector abandon he mount , leaping down to the beach , run for the shine warrior . a myrmidon intercept he . they battle be quick -- hector kill he with a sword thrust . now he be face to face ( or helmet to helmet ) with the figure of glorious Achilles . the two man , breathe heavily from the combat , stand still for a moment . the intricately - work bronze of Achilles ' helmet , breastplate , and shield all shine bright . he 's a difficult man to stare at for long . now he charge , sword raise . they fight . and though the battle continue all around they , everyone seem to be aware of the duel take place . the shine warrior be quick than hector and lighter on he foot , swinging again and again , a blaze of bronze . hector fight patiently , parry the blow , wait for a open . the sword of Achilles whistle over hector 's head , swing so hard that the man wield it cannot protect himself . hector take full advantage , swinging quickly , he blade carve the soft flesh just beneath Achilles ' helmet . a long question mark of blood whip out of the cut throat . the man fall . ( continued ) 121e 116 . continued : 121e everything seem to stop . though the battle be still underway and thousand of individual be still fight for they life , a collective gasp of despair come from the Greeks . odysseus , stunne , stare at the body on the ground . hector stand next to the fall man . he wedge the tip of he sword inside the bronze helmet and lift it off . patroclus be die , try to breathe as he throat flood with blood . his eye be panicked . hector stare down at the die boy , at the blood - soak seashell necklace . for a moment they stare at each other , the victorious prince of Troy and the die boy in the sand . the sound of patroclus ' gurgle breath visibly upset the prince . with a anguish cry he raise he sword and bring it down . we do not see the blade hit , but the boy 's suffer end . hector see a stunne odysseus stand nearby . the Greeks have push the trojans back from the beach , onto the grassy inland plain , but now combat have halt . hector enough for one day ? odysseus nod . hector call out to glaucus . hector arm down ! back to the city ! glaucus relay the call . odysseus call to he captain . odysseus arm down ! arm down ! to the beach ! odysseus sheathes he sword and approach . he crouch by patroclus and close the dead boy 's frighten eye . hector and odysseus look at each other for a beat . hector mount he horse and lead he man home . the two side retreat . eudorus hurry over and kneel beside the dead boy . eudorus we be go to sail home at noon . ( continued ) 121e 122 117 . continued : ( 2 ) 121e odysseus I do not think anyone 's sailing home now . ext . achilles ' warship - later 122 eudorus walk up to the ship , take a few deep breath , and call to he commander . eudorus Achilles ! Achilles emerge from the ship 's cabin and walk to the bow . he descend the gangplank to the beach . briseis follow . eudorus bow . Achilles examine he captain . eudorus be sweaty and dirty , he hand cake with dry blood . his helmet be off but he still wear he armor . achilles you have be fight . eudorus my lord -- achilles you violate my command . eudorus no , my lord . there be a mistake . achilles a mistake ? I order the myrmidon to stand down . you lead they into combat ? eudorus I do not lead they . eudorus can not meet he commander 's gaze . achilles who do ? eudorus we think you do . now Achilles can tell , stare at he captain 's face , that something be very wrong . he look around the encampment . all the man return from combat avoid look at Achilles . ( continued ) 122 118 . continued : 122 achilles where 's patroclus ? eudorus we think it be you , my lord . we -- he wear you armor . you shield , you grieve , you helmet . ( long beat ) he 's dead , my lord . achilles you be lie . eudorus never , my lord . never . he look like you . he even move like you . we all follow -- achilles lies . eudorus he fight well , my lord . with great courage . but hector come after he . Achilles ' nostril be flare , he eye narrow . eudorus if I could have save he -- Achilles hit eudorus hard in the mouth . the captain fall to the sand . Achilles loom above he , fist clench . eudorus hold he mouth . blood be already beginning to stream out . achilles liar ! eudorus my lord , I see he fall . Achilles seize eudorus by the hair and haul he to he knee . he snatch eudorus 's sword and raise it . briseis grab Achilles ' shoulder . briseis do not ! with he free hand Achilles grab she throat . she claw at he wrist . her foot spasm and kick inch off the ground . ( continued ) 122 123 124 119 . continued : ( 2 ) 122 eye bulg , she stare at he . whatever kindness she would see in he eye before , whatever tenderness , it 's go now . Achilles drop she . she sag to the ground , gasp for breath , beginning to sob . Achilles release eudorus . the captain remain on he knee , watch he lord . achilles Dead ? eudorus hector cut he throat . Achilles walk to a dead campfire where the myrmidon cook they dinner . he drop eudorus 's sword and kneel in the ash , grab handfuls of the soot , and blacken he face . Achilles stand , grab the sword , and walk toward the sea . everyone stare at he . he keep walk as the water lap at he ankle , he knee , he waist . the wave be high , crash down on he , but Achilles do not turn from they . he swing the sword , chopping through the surf , slice the crest off the wave , groan as he fight . the soldier on the beach stare at he . Achilles battle the sea . ext . palace garden - night 123 hector , carry a torch , lead andromache through the lower garden , down a staircase descend from the shrine of Apollo to a door half - hide by climb vine . he open the door . int . palace of troy - subterranean level - night 124 andromache follow hector into the palace 's dark recess . andromache where be you take I ? hector lead she until they reach a bronze- band oak door . he open the door , revealing the mouth of a dark tunnel . ( continued ) 124 continued : 120 . 124 hector you remember how to get here ? andromache yes . hector next time you come , follow this tunnel . there 's nowhere to turn , so you can not get lose . keep walk . andromache hector -- hector when you get outside you will be on the south side of the scamander River . follow the river till you see mount ida . keep ida to you west , walk south , and you will get to lyrnessus . ( beat ) the Greeks will not go that far inland . andromache you be frightening I . hector stare into the darkness of the tunnel . andromache hector. ( beat ) why be you tell I this ? hector if I die -- andromache no -- hector if I die , I do not know how long the city will stand . andromache do not say that . ( continued ) 124 125 121 . continued : ( 2 ) 124 hector if the Greeks get inside the wall , it 's over . they will kill all the man . do not matter how old , they will pull grandfather from they bed and carve they lung out . andromache please -- hector do not matter how young . they will throw the baby from the city wall . andromache close she eye . hector the woman they will take for slave . and that will be worse for you than die . andromache why be you say this thing ? hector I want you to be ready . I want you to get we boy , get he , and come here . save as many other as you can , but you get here , you go down this stair , and you run . ( beat ) do you understand ? she nod . the flicker flame of the taper throw giant shadow on the stone wall . hector I kill a boy today . ( beat ) he be too young . much too young . ext . beach encampment - night 125 patroclus 's body lie atop a massive funeral pyre , dress in a simple white frock . ( continued ) 125 126 126a 126b 126c 126d 122 . continued : 125 Achilles , clean now , all the soot wash away by the sea , scrub patroclus 's face with a damp cloth . as fastidious as a mother , Achilles scrub away the dry blood on the boy 's lip , the dirt on he chin , the crust blood on he cut throat . he remove the shell necklace . agamemnon stand with nestor in the crowd surround the pyre . agamemnon watch the rite with ill-conceale pleasure . agamemnon that boy just save the war for we . odysseus stand nearby . melancholy and fatigue age he face . when the boy be clean Achilles pull two coin from a leather pouch . he place one coin over each of the dead boy 's eye . he kiss the boy 's forehead and descend from atop the pyre . seudorus hand he a torch and Achilles set the pyre on fire . ext ./ int . montage - night 126 we visit all we character tonight . first Achilles , stand by the burn pyre , watch he cousin burn . briseis sit nearby , watch Achilles watch the fire . agamemnon 126a sit in he tent , carve X 's on the map of Troy , he jaw taut as he ravage he paint enemy . priam 126b stand on a palace balcony , stare over he city . hector 126c stand by he son 's crib , watch the boy sleep . helen 126d lie in bed . she hear a noise -- phhhthck ! phhhthck ! -- repeat over and over at brief interval . she roll out of bed and walk to the arched window . 126e 127 128 129 130 131 123 . down below in the palace garden 1265 Paris practice he archery , shoot a target again and again by moonlight . ext . beach encampment - dawn 127 Achilles , still stand in the same place , watch the remain wood of the pyre collapse . he walk to he tent . on the way he pass briseis . she have fall asleep on the sand . he see the bruise on she throat where he hand throttle she . as usual , the expression on he face be unreadable . he stare at she for another moment and walk away . ext . achilles ' tent - dawn 128 Achilles find eudorus sleep outside he tent . achilles eudorus . eudorus blink , unsure where he be , then rouse himself as he recognize he master 's voice . he struggle to he foot . eudorus my lord . achilles I need my armor . eudorus nod and rush off . int . achilles ' tent - dawn 129 eudorus help Achilles prepare , clasp on he greave . int . hector' chamber - dawn 130 while he wife and child sleep , hector clasp on he greave . intercut between Achilles and hector , clamping on they breastplate , arm guard , helmet , etc . ext . shrine of apollo - morning 131 the small shrine on the palace grounds be design so that the summer sun rise above the sculpt Apollo 's head . ( continued ) 131 132 124 . continued : 131 hector kneel in front of Apollo 's statue , head bow . when he raise he face he 's almost look into the sun . ext . achilles ' tent - morning 132 Achilles exit he tent , fully armed . eudorus be behind he . the soldier be beginning to stir and they stop in they activity now and stare at he . two myrmidon tether a chariot to a large black horse . the work finish , they step back as Achilles hop into the chariot . eudorus attempt to hop on behind he . achilles no . eudorus look at he commander for a second and back away . achilles ( to the myrmidon ) rope . a myrmidon hand he a coil of braid rope and retreat . briseis step into view . her eye be shadow from lack of sleep . she stare up at Achilles and he look at she . she look fragile today , she pale throat purple with bruise . briseis do not go . Achilles watch she in silence . briseis hector be my cousin . he 's a good man . ( beat ) take I to larissa with you . but do not fight he . please do not fight he . ( beat ) we could have a life together , but not if you choose this path . ( beat ) you can walk away from war . we can walk away . Achilles gaze at she , consider she word . ( continued ) 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 125 . continued : 132 he tug the rein and the horse begin trot toward Troy . ext . wall of troy - day 133 the crowd start to fill the view area above the city wall . priam and he counselor sit below the blue canopy . Paris sit near they , but not with they . he do not look at anybody and people be careful to avoid look at he . hector stand alone at one of the wall 's turrete corner , stare toward the sea . ext . battlefield - day 134 Achilles ride he chariot across the vast grassy field . ext . wall of troy - continuous 135 hector watch the lone chariot approach . ext . battlefield - continuous 136 Achilles stop one hundred yard from the wall . he step from the chariot and walk toward Troy , helmet by he side . ext . wall of troy - day 137 a archer stand beside hector notches a arrow . hector no. hector look for glaucus , stand farther down the wall . he give the old general a hand signal . no attack . ext . battlefield - day 138 Achilles stand alone in the vast field . he look up at the trojan citizen stare down at he . achilles hector ! in the background , we see hundred of greek soldier crest the high dune . 139 140 126 . ext . battlefield - continuous 139 achilles hector ! louder and louder , he voice echoing above the silent city . achilles hector ! ( beat ) hector ! ( beat ) hector ! ext . wall of troy - continuous 140 hector walk over to he father . Achilles keep bellow he name . hector kneel before he father and kiss he hand . hector Father . forgive I for any offense . I have serve you as best I could . priam stand , beckon for hector to rise , cup hector 's cheek in he palm and kiss hector 's forehead . priam May the god be with you . hector hesitates for a moment , then bow and turn to go . priam hector ! hector turn back . Father and son look at each other . for a moment we think priam will be unable to speak . finally : priam no father ever have a better son . the word deeply move hector . he bow again and move on . he pass by glaucus , who bow to the prince . glaucus Apollo guard you , my prince . hector clap the general 's shoulder and keep walk . he stop beside Paris . they embrace . paris you be the best man I know . ( continued ) 140 140 a 140b 127 . continued : 140 hector you be a prince of Troy . hector grip Paris 's arm tighter and stare into he eye . hector I know you will make I proud . hector kiss Paris 's forehead and continue on he way , pull he helmet onto he head . ext . stair 140 a wait for he above the stair lead to the city gate . she hold they baby boy scamandrius . hector you remember what I tell you ? andromache you do not have to go . you do not -- hector you remember what I tell you . andromache have not sleep . her hair be a wild tangle ; she eye be rimmed red . she nod . she hold she son up to he father . the boy do not see he father , he see something terrifying , a man with a bronze face and a plume of horsehair . scamandrius begin to cry . hector remove he helmet . now the boy see he father . he giggle and reach out . hector take the boy in he arm and hold he . he kiss the boy 's fuzze head and close he eye for a moment . finally he hand the baby back to andromache . he smile at he wife . she grab he by the back of the head and press he face to hers . her mouth be open , she eye close , she body slack against he . finally he disengage himself . he walk away from she . she and scamandrius stare after he , but he never look back . ext . gate ( inside CITY wall ) 140b he walk down the long staircase descend from the wall . he stop at the massive city gate . the gatemen begin pull the long chain that open the gate . ( continued ) 140b 141 128 . continued : 140b he sense someone behind he . he turn . helen stand ten foot away , she unearthly beauty great than ever . as the heavy gate rise , helen and hector stare at each other , never blink , never look away . finally the gate be lift . hector bow to helen and fit he helmet on he head . he leave the city . helen watch he go . ext . battlefield - day 141 hector walk toward Achilles . everything be very quiet . the people on the wall be hushed . even the bird seem reverent . thousands and thousand of Greeks now line the high dune , make the valley a enormous amphitheater ringed with spectator from the dune to the wall of Troy . Achilles stand motionless . the two man be alone on the great field . hector stop twenty foot away from Achilles . hector I have see this moment in my dream . Achilles , expressionless , stare at the prince . hector I will make a pact with you , with the god as we witness . let we pledge that the winner will allow the loser all the proper funeral ritual . achilles there be no pact between lion and man . Achilles toss aside he helmet -- a insulting gesture , impugn hector 's combat skill . achilles now you know who you be fight . hector pause a moment before remove he own helmet and toss it aside . hector I think it be you I be fight yesterday . I wish it have be you . but I give the dead boy the honor he -- ( continued ) 141 142 143 129 . continued : 141 achilles you give he the honor of you sword . ( beat ) you will not have eye tonight . you will not have ear , or a tongue . you will wander the underworld , blind , deaf , and dumb . and all the dead will know : this be hector , the fool who think he kill Achilles . Achilles draw he sword . hector draw he . they charge . we have see extraordinary fight before , but we have never see this -- a prowess so extreme as to be hypnotic . two better swordsman have never clashed . all they life , all they training and past battle , have lead to this moment . nothing be waste . no flourish or balletic leap or spin . every swing be a death blow counter . the rapidity of the exchange be breathless . the bronze blade hiss as they split the air . they swing with such power that spark fly whenever a sword scrape a shield . ext . high dune - day 142 agamemnon , nestor , and odysseus stand with they man . for the moment all machination and intrigue be forget . each of they know this fight will be remember forever , and each watch quietly . ext . battlefield - day 143 hector lunge forward and from we angle it appear that he have skewer Achilles . hector 's face be inch from Achilles . Achilles appear unperturb . hector look down . Achilles have trap he , allow hector 's sword to miss he side by inch and then clamping down on hector 's sword arm . hector try to yank he sword free but cannot . Achilles stab at hector 's face and hector duck at the last moment , the sword point puncture the air above he head . Achilles release hector and take another mighty swing . 144 145 146 130 . ext . wall of troy - continuous 144 andromache sit with scamandrius , she back against the wall . she can not watch . her boy , blissfully unaware , coo happily and play with he mother 's long hair . ext . battlefield - continuous 145 Achilles , sense the advantage , move in a step too close . hector see a open and slashes . Achilles jump back at the last possible moment , but hector 's blade gouge out a long strip of bronze from Achilles ' breastplate . both man swing . they sword lock and for a moment everything be still . Achilles ' face be inch from hector 's . hector be sweat and breathe heavily . Achilles be not . Achilles shove hector and relaunch he attack . while hector still fight ably , he 's clearly tiring . as Achilles ' blow force hector back , the prince step on a rock , trip , and fall . Achilles stand above he . achilles get up , prince of Troy . I will not let a stone take my glory . hector stand . he know he energy be fade fast . so he spend everything on one last try . he charge , swinging with explosive fury , put all he might into each blow . when the barrage be finish and hector pause for a breath , he see that Achilles , unhurt , have parry everything . now Achilles bore in , swinging . hector block and block , but do not have the stamina for a new assault . Achilles lunge . hector raise he shield . the sword plunge through the seven layer of oxhide , plunge through the hammer bronze of the shield , the bronze of the breastplate , all the way into hector 's heart . hector look down at the blade . he look at Achilles . there be no mercy or remorse on the man 's face . hector fall . ext . wall of troy - continuous 146 priam react as if he receive the blow , clutching at he chest and reeling backward . ( continued ) 146 147 148 149 131 . continued : 146 Paris press forward , grip the edge of the wall so hard he knuckle turn white . andromache hear the groans of the crowd . she cover she ear and clamp she eye shut . scamandrius stare at she , baffle . ext . battlefield - continuous 147 hector lie on he back . Achilles pull out he bloody sword and walk to he chariot . hector blink . the sun , now high in the sky , be blind . hector stare into the sun and die . silence . silence everywhere . no victory cry from the Greeks . Achilles return in the chariot . he jump out with the coil of rope . he tie hector 's ankle together , then tie the other end of the rope to the back of the chariot . ext . wall of troy - continuous 148 something harden in Paris 's face . whatever callowness we have see before seem to ebb away as he watch Achilles abuse hector 's body . priam and he subject watch in horror . priam my boy ... my boy ... andromache sit against the wall , knee tuck against she chest , face against she knee . scamandrius begin to cry . helen kneel by andromache . she pick up the baby and soothes he . helen take andromache 's hand . andromache look up . her eye be a terrible thing to see . helen let 's go inside . andromache allow helen to pull she to she foot . helen , hold the baby in one arm , guide andromache away . ext . battlefield - continuous 149 Achilles whip he horse and the chariot start roll , drag hector through the grass . 150 151 152 153 154 132 . ext . wall of troy - continuous 150 priam 's leg give out . glaucus and Paris catch he before he fall and carry he toward the shade beneath the blue canopy . ext . high dune - day 151 Achilles ride he chariot over the crest of the dune . the Greek army part like the Red Sea , solemn and silent . ext . beach encampment - day 152 Achilles ride into camp . the Greek soldier gather round to stare at hector 's body . Achilles do not look at anyone . he unty the rope and haul hector by hand across the sand . odysseus stand nearby , amongst the man . a few of the soldier laugh , see the trojan prince laid low . soldier 1 he do not look so glorious now . odysseus turn and glare at the soldier , who shut he mouth . odysseus walk away . Achilles drag hector 's body to he tent , dump he there , and walk inside . int . achilles ' tent - continuous 153 briseis kneel in the center of the tent , palm press together , eye lower in prayer . she open she eye and look up when Achilles walk in . he look more beast than man , splatter with hector 's blood . briseis see Achilles ' face and know what happen . for the first time she strength desert she . she look very young , very childlike as she begin to cry . he regards she for a moment before go to he bedding and lie on he back . we stay on he face as briseis weep . ext . beach encampment - night 154 all but the sentries be sleep . no campfire burn as a fat moon rise above the sea . 155 156 157 133 . int . achilles ' tent - night 155 Achilles , now clean , sit in the center of the tent , sharpen he sword . briseis sit in a far corner . she 's be cry for hour , she eye red and swollen . briseis you lose you cousin . and now you have take mine . Achilles look up at she . briseis when do it end ? Achilles continue sharpen he sword . achilles it never end . briseis stare at he for a moment and leave the tent . Achilles quit he sharpen . now there be nothing but silence , nothing but a bronze sword for company . ext . trojan beach - night 156 briseis sit on the beach , face the moonlit sea . int . achilles ' tent - night 157 Achilles still sit alone , he eye empty . he hear a rustling at the tent flap . a old man wear a hood robe step inside . the old man pull he hood down . it 's priam . achilles who be you ? priam seem physically hurt by the sight of Achilles . for a moment it seem he will collapse again . but he will himself onward , walk to Achilles ' chair . he sink to he knee , take Achilles ' hand , and kiss they . Achilles observe all this with curiosity . priam I have endure what no one on earth have endure before . I kiss the hand of the man who kill my son . achilles priam ? ( continued ) 134 . 157 continued : 157 priam nod . Achilles stand , help the old man to he foot . achilles how do you get in here , old king ? the sentries -- priam I know my own country better than the Greeks , I think . achilles you be a brave man . if agamemnon know you be here , he would have you head on a spit . priam do you really think death frighten I now ? I watch my eldest son die , watch you drag he body behind you chariot . priam stare at Achilles , and for the first time since we have know he , Achilles look away . priam give he back to I . he deserve the honor of a proper burial . you know that . give he to I . achilles he kill my cousin . priam he think it be you . he defend he country . how many cousin have you kill ? how many son and father and brother and husband ? how many , brave Achilles ? ( beat ) I know you father . he die before he time . but he be lucky not to live long enough to see he son fall . Achilles do not respond . we can not read he expression . ( continued ) 157 158 135 . continued : ( 2 ) 157 priam you have take everything from I . my eldest son , heir to my throne , defender of my kingdom . ( beat ) I can not change what happen . it 's the will of the god . but give I this small mercy . Achilles look into the old man' eye . priam try to blink back he tear but fail . priam I love my boy from the moment he open he eye till the moment you close they . ( beat ) let I wash he body . let I say the prayer . let I place two coin on he eye for the boatman . achilles if I let you walk out of here , if I let you take he , it do not change anything . you be still my enemy in the morning . priam you be still my enemy tonight . but even enemy can show respect . Achilles nod . achilles I admire you courage , old man . you be a better king than the one lead this army . meet I outside in a moment . ext . achilles ' tent - moment later - night 158 Achilles , carry a torch and a white shroud , walk to the spot where hector 's body lie . he crouch beside the dead prince . death have not rob hector 's face of its dignity . a small sand crab approach the body and Achilles shoos it away . he shove the butt end of the torch into the sand . ( continued ) 158 159 160 136 . continued : 158 Achilles rub he eye with he hand and take several deep breath . when he remove he hand , we see something remarkable : Achilles ' eye be wet with tear . for a moment he seem unsure what to do . finally he begin wrapping the white sheet around hector 's body . achilles we will meet again soon . int . achilles ' tent - later - night 159 priam , deep in he grief , sit with he head bow . he hear noiase outside . he stand and exit the tent . ext . beach encampment - continuous 160 Achilles gently load hector 's body , now wrap in the shroud , onto a moonlit chariot . priam walk to the chariot . four myrmidon , keep a respectful distance , stand guard . achilles you son be the best I have fight . I want you to know that . ( beat ) in my country the funeral game last twelve day . priam it 's the same in my country . achilles then no Greek will attack Troy for twelve day . the prince deserve that honor . Achilles , hearing footstep , turn . briseis emerge from the shadow . priam be stunne . priam briseis ? priam wrap he arm around she , thrilled she 's alive . priam we think you be dead , little swan . ( continued ) 160 161 137 . continued : 160 after a moment briseis turn and look at Achilles . nobody speak for a long beat . tear shine in briseis ' eye . achilles you will be safe behind the trojan wall . Achilles reach into he tunic and pull out the shell necklace that patroclus have wear . he fasten it around she delicate neck , where the purple bruise be still visible . he speak quietly to she , too softly for priam to hear . achilles if I hurt you -- it 's not what I want . ( long beat ) you give I one night of peace in a lifetime of war . she stare up at he , she young face mapped with conflict emotion . finally , Achilles turn to priam . achilles go . no one will stop you , you have my word . priam get in the chariot . briseis still look at Achilles . priam come , my girl . priam reach down and help she onto the chariot . he seize the rein and they be off , the myrmidon escort they to safety . Achilles stare at briseis until she 's go . int . agamemnon' tent - day 161 agamemnon pace about he tent in a murderous fury . odysseus , nestor and several aide stand in attendance . agamemnon ( shouting ) Achilles make a secret pact and I have to honor it ?! what treason be this ? ( more ) ( continued ) 161 162 163 164 138 . continued : 161 agamemnon ( cont 'd ) ( fairly spitting the word ) consort with the enemy king ! give he twelve day of peace . peace ! they prince be dead ; they army be leaderless . this be the time to attack ! nestor even with hector go , we have no way to breach they wall . they can wait ten year for we to leave . agamemnon I will smash they wall to the ground . if it cost I forty thousand Greeks , Zeus hear I , I will smash they wall to the ground . nestor and odysseus exchange troubled glance . ext . campfire - day 162 odysseus sit with he ithacans by the fire . the man eat a breakfast of grill fish . the soldier sit beside odysseus whittles with a sharp knife . odysseus watch the man work . the soldier notice he king 's attention . he smile and hold up a small wood horse . soldier for my boy back home . odysseus nod , never take he eye off the toy horse . ext . agamemnon' tent - day 163 hundred of Greeks eat breakfast on the beach . several of they turn to watch odysseus , who rush to agamemnon 's tent and disappear inside . ext . MAIN square of troy - night 164 a giant pyre have be build in the city square . thousands of citizen be gather around to watch . no crowd have ever be more silent . the city have lose its favorite son . ( continued ) 164 165 139 . continued : 164 hector lie atop the pyre , dress in a woven robe of white and gold , he hair wash and oile , he skin gleam and clean . his face be undamage . two coin rest above he eye . priam stand at the base of the pyre , hold a light torch . his hand tremble . he be unable to light the pyre . finally Paris grip he father 's shoulder . Paris take the torch from priam and light the kindling . helen , andromache , and baby scamandrius sit nearby . andromache 's face be completely blank . she stare dully at the quicken fire . helen hold scamandrius in she lap . the boy play with the wood lion he father make for he . ext . beach encampment - night 165 by torchlight , we see Greeks stripping plank from two burnt shell of warship . other pry spike out of the fortification . odysseus watch the man carry the plank and bundle of spike to a ever-grow pile . Achilles approach he . achilles wily odysseus . you have find a way to make the sheep invite the wolf over for dinner . odysseus this be war . achilles agamemnon will kill they all . Men , woman , child -- all of they . you know that . Achilles walk away . odysseus follow he . odysseus I be the king of ithaca , not Troy . my loyalty be to ithaca . if this plan work , the war end in a night . and my man can sail home to they wife . Achilles keep walk , odysseus pace after he . ( continued ) 165 166 140 . continued : 165 odysseus it 's not Troy you be worried about , be it ? it 's one trojan . one trojan girl . Achilles halt . he stare at odysseus for a long count . achilles I have always like you . but if that girl die because of you plan , you will never sail home to you wife . Achilles turn and leave . odysseus take a deep breath . ext . achilles ' tent - later 166 Achilles arrive at he tent and find eudorus polish he armor . eudorus jump to he foot . achilles eudorus . ( beat ) forgive I . eudorus blink . no one have ever hear this word from Achilles ' mouth before . achilles I should never have strike you . you have be a loyal friend all you life . eudorus I hope I never disappoint you again . achilles Rouse the man . you be take they home . eudorus be not you come with we ? achilles I have get one more battle to fight . eudorus hesitates , watch he lord . finally : eudorus she 's worth fight for . we will march behind you . ( continued ) 166 167 168 141 . continued : 166 achilles all that 's leave be the slaughter . I do not want to see my man foule with child 's blood . ( beat ) go , eudorus . this be the last order I give you . after a long pause , eudorus bow deeply to he commander . eudorus Fighting for you have be my life 's honor . Achilles grip he lieutenant 's shoulder and stride away . ext . guard tower - dawn 167 twelve day later . the sentries be at they post , warming they hand over a brazier . the sky begin to lighten . sentry 1 stare down to the sea . he hurry to the edge of the tower and squint into the morning fog . sentry 2 look at he and then join he . sentry 1 they be go . it 's true . all the Greek ship be go from the beach . all the tent have be strike , all the chariot take away , every last man -- go . nothing 's leave on the beach but a strange wooden structure . ext . beach encampment - day 168 priam , Paris , glaucus , archeptolemus , and velior , all on horseback , lead the apollonian Guard onto the beach . the soldier -- still wary of a ambush -- surround they leader , protect they from attack . the trojan leader dismount . slowly they approach a wooden horse stand forty foot high . ( continued ) 168 142 . continued : 168 the beach be desert save for the bone of burnt - out ship , a few stray arrow , the remnant of the camp fire , and corpse -- dozen of Greek body scattered in the sand . each of the cadaver be cover with large black sore . the trojans inspect the body , keep a wary distance . priam Plague . glaucus do not get too close , my king . archeptolemus this be the will of the god . everyone turn to look at the high priest . archeptolemus they desecrate the temple of Apollo and Apollo desecrate they flesh . the Greeks could fight we sword and arrow , but they can not fight the god 's plague . glaucus shake he head and laugh . glaucus they think they would come here and sack we city in a day . and look at they now , flee across the aegean . priam stare up at the great horse . priam what be this ? archeptolemus a offer to Poseidon . the Greeks be praying for a safe return home . glaucus I hope the Sea God spit on they offer and let they all drow at the bottom of the sea . archeptolemus this be a gift . we should bring it to the temple of Poseidon . all the man stare at the tower horse . ( continued ) 168 169 170 143. continued : ( 2 ) 168 paris I think we should burn it . velior burn it ? my prince -- it 's a gift to the god . glaucus the prince be right . I would burn all of Greece if I have a big enough torch . archeptolemus I warn you , good man . be careful what you insult . we beloved prince hector have sharp word for the god and a day later Achilles ! sword cut he down . priam turn to look at the high priest . paris ( glaring at archeptolemus ) burn it , father . archeptolemus ignore Paris and speak directly to priam . archeptolemus forgive I , my king . I mean no disrespect . but I do not want to see any more prince of Troy incur the god ' wrath . all the man look at priam . he stare at the massive horse . priam I will not watch another son die . ext . battlefield - day 169 dozen of trojan soldier tug long rope pull the massive horse across the grassy plain . ext . gate of troy - day 170 the soldier drag the horse through the gate . the citizen of Troy watch from atop the wall and inside the city proper . 171 172 173 144 . ext . MAIN square of troy - day 171 the horse now stand near the statue of Poseidon wield he trident , beside he temple on one corner of the city square . the square be crowded and jubilant . Soldiers and citizen celebrate they great victory , drink wine in the street , wave torch and trojan flag , sing song . Paris and helen sit on the palace stair , watch the crowd . paris look at they . you would think they prince have never die . helen take he hand . helen you be they prince . ( beat ) make you brother proud . her comment echoe the word hector speak to he before he death . Paris nod solemnly . helen rest she head on he shoulder . they sit quietly as the crowd sing in the street . ext . beach encampment - dusk 172 a abandon dog lope along the beach , stop to sniff each Greek corpse . find one dead man he seem to recognize , the dog lick the cadaver 's face . the " sore " on the dead face be lick clean . the sore be masterful forgeries , apply with squid ink and dry blood . ext . cliff of hellespont - night 173 a trojan rider on horseback trot south , away from distant Troy . he look toward the hellespont . something catch he eye . he frown and guide he mount toward the cliff 's edge . we rise above he and look down at the hellespont . by the light of the moon , nearly one thousand greek warship harbor in the desert bay . the rider stare at the ship in horror . 174 174a 1743 175 145 . ext . MAIN square of troy - night 174 the square be empty now , all the reveler go home . the wood horse wait in the moonlight . we witness something strange : rope , anchore inside the horse , fall to the ground . Soldiers emerge from the horse and slide silently down the rope : Achilles , odysseus and ten other Greek soldier . none of they wear the bright , clanking bronze armor . they sword and spear be wrap in lambskin . odysseus lead a team of ithacans across the square . quiet as shadow , they creep up on the sentries guard the main gate . another team move toward the guard tower . Achilles stand alone in the dark square , watch he compatriot set off on they deadly mission . finally he turn and move in the opposite direction , toward the palace . he 's on a different mission . ext . CITY gate 174a two ithacans cut the gate sentries ' throat . the soldier begin pull the chain to raise the city gate . the trojan rider 1743 gallop to Troy . the Greeks see he come and look to odysseus for guidance . the rider , still at some distance , shout to the man at the gate . trojan rider they be still here ! the Greeks be still here ! they sail up the hellespont ! odysseus hurl he spear . it fly through the bar of the gate and into the rider 's throat , knock he from he horse . the horse , panicked , gallop away . ext . guard tower - continuous 175 one of the sentries , hearing the commotion , wake up . groggy , he look over the edge of the tower -- into a Greek 's face . the Greek , one hand on the ladder , stab the sentry . another Greek crawl into the tower and kill the second sentry . 176 177 178 178a 178b 179 180 146 . ext . gate of troy - continuous 176 the Greeks pull the gate open . they wave they torch , a signal . look into the distance , we see something shifting in the darkness , come closer and closer . the Greek army , shadow in the dark , charge toward the city at a sprint , silent . thousands upon thousand of warrior run quietly as panther . like water burst through a dam , the Greeks blast through the gate , sword and spear raise . ext . palace of troy - night 177 briseis lean against a balustrade , stare toward the beach . she wear a blue robe and the seashell necklace . she hear noise from the city gate and turn . on a flagpole above the high guard tower , the trojan flag be burn . ext . troy - night 178 all over the city , the Greeks carry out they raid , kill sentries at they post , set building on fire with torch , open the stable door and shooing all the frighten horse into the street . new angle 178a soon the city be in chaos . fire burn out of control . scream begin to echo down the alleyway , first just a few , then more and more , until it seem the entire city be scream . achilles 178b run through the burn city , keep to the shadow . int . priam meeting hall - night 179 priam stand on the balcony , watch he beautiful city burn , watch the destruction of he life 's work . ext . trojan armory - night 180 trojan soldier begin to straggle in , but they be not prepare for this . many be unarm and all look terrify . four trojans run to the armory door and throw they open . ( continued ) 180 181 182 183 184 147 . continued : 180 they dive back as a blast of heat rush out the door . the armory be aflame , fire eat at the wood - beam ceiling , devour thousand of spear on they rack . ext . trojan street - night 181 family of terrify civilian stagger through the street in they bedclothes . mother clutch they child 's hand . old women flee they burn building . the woman scream when they see Achilles run toward they , sword draw . but pillaging be the last thing on he mind . int . palace hallway - night 182 briseis hurry through the hallway . outside , past the archway , the white building of Troy be on fire . we hear the scream of a die city . ext . MAIN square of troy - night 183 agamemnon stand in the very center of Troy , head tilt back , watch with delight as the beautiful city burn agamemnon I promise you , brother . ( yell to he troops ) burn it all ! int . paris' bedchamber - night 184 Paris suit up for battle . he grab he bow and quiver of arrow . helen watch he . andromache enter the room , scamandrius in she arm . andromache we have to run . helen where ? andromache I will show you . Paris look at helen . helen come , my love . come with we . 185 186 187 148 . ext . street of troy - night 185 odysseus battle he way down the street , lead the Greeks against a contingent of half - armored trojans . the trojans be too daze to offer much resistance . ext . palace garden - night 186 andromache , carry she baby and a light torch , lead helen , Paris , and other women and child down the staircase to the vine- tangle door . andromache pull it open . int . palace of troy - subterranean level - night 187 andromache lead the trojans to the bronze- band door . she open the door , revealing the dark tunnel . andromache it 's a long walk . helen and the other enter the tunnel . Paris do not . he stand just outside the door . paris I stay . helen no -- paris my father will never abandon the city . I can not leave he . helen the city be dead ! they be burn it to the ground ! Paris look at the huddle refugee . they be a timid lot , terrify and weak . aeneas ( 14 ) look stronger and brave than the rest . he 's support he blderly father . paris what 's you name ? aeneas aeneas . paris do you know how to use a sword ? aeneas nod . Paris pull out the sword of Troy . ( continued ) 187 149 . continued : 187 paris the sword of Troy . I be not so good with it , but it 's a fine sword . ( beat ) as long as it 's in a trojan 's hand , we people have a future . ( hand sword to aeneas ) protect they , aeneas . find they a new home . aeneas I will . andromache touch Paris 's arm . andromache briseis be not in she room . paris I will find she . andromache kiss he . she turn and lead the way through the tunnel . the trojans follow . aeneas bow to Paris and help he father as they long journey begin . helen I will stay with you . Paris push she gently toward the door . paris go. helen do not leave I . please do not leave I . paris how could you love I if I run now ? helen please -- paris we will be together again . in this world or the next , we will be together . he kiss she hard , push she through the door and close it . he kiss the wood , turn and run toward the battle . 188 189 190 150 . int . palace of troy - night 188 briseis run down a long corridor . we hear cry from the massacre outside . briseis Paris ? andromache ? she stop mid-stride . a riderless white horse round the corner and bolt toward she , eye craze , muzzle foam with spittle . briseis back against the wall . the terrify horse gallop past she . ext . palace of troy - night 189 achilles briseis ! briseis ! Achilles scale the high wall surround the palace and jump to the other side . he 's spot by a apollonian . the Guard charge . Achilles crack he in the face with the hilt of he sword . the Guard fall . Achilles grab he and haul he to he foot , sword at he throat . achilles briseis -- where be she ? ( louder ) where be she ?! apollonian # 2 I do not know ... please , I have a son . Achilles shove he away . achilles get he out of Troy . the Guard , stunne to find himself alive , finally run . Achilles rush into the palace . ext . palace stair - night 190 odysseus and he man fight they way up the palace stair . the trojans resist heroically . they die heroically . agamemnon stand behind he troops , holler order . agamemnon no one escape ! no one ! 191 191a 192 151 . int . palace - reception hall - night 191 outside we hear the scream and battle cry . glaucus stand with fifty of he man , the last line of defense . he walk through they rank , clasp hand with each man . glaucus you man be soldier . lead you have be a honor . Paris run into the hall . glaucus smile and clasp hand with the prince . glaucus address the man . glaucus the boatman be wait for we . I say , let he wait a little longer ! the man roar as the Greeks spill into the reception hall . the trojans 191a attack . for a few moment they drive the Greeks back . Paris notches a arrow and fire . a Greek fall , a arrow through he throat . but too many Greeks pour through the door . the trojans fight bravely , especially Paris , who fire quickly and accurately . odysseus engage glaucus and quickly kill the old general . the survive trojans retreat farther into the palace . int . meeting hall - night 192 dozen of Greeks charge into the hall , seize whatever treasure they can carry and smash whatever they can not . priam , armed with a sword , rush into the hall . he see two Greeks grab small gold figurine of the god from they wall sconce . he raise he sword . priam have you no honor ? no respect for the god ? ( continued ) 192 193 194 195 152 . continued : 192 before priam can move forward he be spear from behind , the spearhead tear through he back and out he chest . he fall . agamemnon stand above he . he yank he spear free . agamemnon I want you alive , old king . I want you to watch you city burn . priam please ... the child ... spare the innocent ... agamemnon let hade decide who 's innocent . he walk away , leave the old man to die alone on the floor . int . shrine of zeus - night 193 archeptolemus kneel beneath the statue of Zeus . he stand when a band of Greek soldier close in on he . archeptolemus beware , my friend . I be a servant of the god . a soldier chop he down and hurl the priest 's body over the balustrade . ext . palace garden - night 194 briseis run into the garden , look for a friendly face . no one 's in sight . she run to the lower garden . she do not notice agamemnon , stain with priam 's blood , stand in a archway of the burn palace , watch she . int . palace hallway - night 195 Achilles race through the palace , ignore the fire and smoke , search the face of the terrify woman he pass . achilles briseis ! briseis ! 196 197 198 153 . ext . palace garden - night 196 briseis kneel by Apollo 's statue , ignore the inferno around she . agamemnon ( 0.8 . ) too late for prayer , priestess . briseis do not look up . agamemnon grab she long hair and pull she to she foot . he hold he sword to she throat . two of he bodyguard stand behind he . agamemnon you parent should have teach you to stand for a king . briseis they do . agamemnon you wear a white robe when I last see you . no more ? do brave Achilles ruin you for the temple ? briseis do not look at he or answer . he pull she close . agamemnon I almost lose this war because of you little romance . I want to taste what Achilles taste . int . palace - night 197 Achilles , run past the body of dead trojans , look through a archway and see briseis in agamemnon 's hand . he dash outside . ext . palace garden - night 198 agamemnon ( whisper in briseis ' ear ) you will be my slave in mycenae . a trojan priestess scrubbing my floor . and at night -- he tear she robe . briseis pull she hand out of she sleeve . she 's hold a ceremonial dagger . she drive the dagger into the side of agamemnon 's neck . his eye bulge . she ram the dagger deeper . agamemnon fall to the ground , clutching at he neck . ( continued ) 198 199 200 154 . continued : 198 the bodyguard stare at they die king in disbelief . briseis run . the bodyguard pursue she . briseis stumble and fall . she look behind she . one of the bodyguard raise he sword , ready to split briseis in half . before he can bring down he sword , he head fly from he shoulder . as the man fall , Achilles whirl around and dispatch the other bodyguard , bronze sword glitter in the moonlight . int . palace - continuous 199 Paris , bow in hand , look out a archway to the garden and see Achilles -- the man who kill he brother -- splatter with blood , sword in hand , stand over briseis . ext . palace garden - continuous 200 Achilles look down at agamemnon 's corpse , lie in puddle blood a few foot away . he look back to briseis . achilles come with I . before she can answer she eye go wide . she see Paris , in the upper garden , notching a arrow . achilles come . I will protect you . Paris pull back the catgut string . briseis scream : briseis no ! Paris fire . briseis 's scream distract he -- the arrow sail off course , hit Achilles above he heel , tear through the tendon . Achilles stagger , turn , and see Paris . Achilles snarl and head for he . Paris shoot again . Achilles try to dodge but the tear tendon in he heel slow he down . the arrow rip through he side . Achilles keep limping forward . briseis stop ! Paris ! stop ! ( continued ) 155 . 200 continued : 200 Paris release another arrow . now Achilles do not even try to dodge . the arrow sink deep into he chest . Achilles keep come . he know this be the end . a small smile cross he face . he have wait for this moment he entire life . he march toward he destiny . Paris notches another arrow . his hand be shaking but he fire again . this one drill deep into Achilles ' belly . briseis stop ! Achilles keep come . Paris reach for another arrow . his quiver be empty . aeneas have he sword . the palace around they be burn , lighting they face . blood pour from Achilles ' wound . the arrow shaft stick out of he . any other man would have already fall . but he keep come , relentless , he face a mask of grim purpose . briseis run in front of she cousin Paris and shield he with she body . Achilles lift he bloody sword . briseis no more . briseis do not move . for several second the great warrior and the young girl stare at each other . briseis no more kill . Achilles look at the seashell necklace she wear . briseis no more . Achilles raise he sword and bring it down hard , bury its bronze blade in the soil of the garden . achilles no more . he reach out and rub the shell of she necklace . achilles my mother make this necklace . ( continued ) 156 . 200 continued : ( 2 ) 200 he sink to a sit position on the grass . he pull the arrow out of he body and toss they aside . briseis sit beside he . she cradle he head in she arm while all Troy burn around they . achilles you have to get out . briseis shh . achilles get out . she kiss he lip , run she finger across he jaw . briseis there 's no way out . Achilles stare at Paris . achilles there 's always a way out for the prince . Paris try to lift briseis to she foot but she refuse . achilles briseis . she lean closer . he 's lose too much blood , he strength be fade , but he summon he remain energy to speak . achilles I choose this night ... but you will see the sun again . I want you to live . her face be full of sorrow and love . he touch she lip , he finger tremble as he body fail . she kiss he . achilles live . she do not want to go but he push she gently away . finally she nod . briseis because of you . ( continued ) 157 . 200 continued : ( 3 ) 200 201 202 she turn and follow Paris down the stair toward escape . Achilles watch she intently until he see she 's safely away . he take a deep breath and close he eye . horde of rampaging Greeks storm the garden , burn anything that will burn , holler they victory cry . Achilles sit alone in the garden . he shiver , hugging himself for warmth , wait . ext . MAIN square of troy - dawn 201 the Greeks be victorious . the beautiful city of Troy be a ruin . trojan prisoner be lead off in chain . Greek soldier carry gold treasure from the lavish temple and palace . funeral pyre fill the square . one pyre , taller than the rest , rise in the center of the square . odysseus stand atop the high pyre , stare down at the body of Achilles . for a long time odysseus look at the dead man 's face . he know the world will never see another Achilles . finally he reach inside he tunic , pull out two coin , and place they over Achilles ' eye . odysseus find peace , my brother . odysseus climb down from the pyre . a lieutenant hand he a torch and odysseus start the fire . the dry wood quickly catch . Black smoke rise toward the circle crow . close on odysseus as he watch he friend burn . ext . scamander river - dawn 202 a small band of trojans march east toward the rise sun . helen and Paris , andromache and scamandrius , aeneas and the other -- alive . they walk toward mount ida . briseis walk behind the other . she stop for a moment and look back toward the ruin of Troy . ( continued ) 202 158. continued : 202 close on briseis for a beat . and then we see what she see : the black smoke from Achilles ' pyre rise above the smolder city , rise above the circle crow , and finally fade away into the deep blue sky . fade out . the end