true detective chapter two : " see thing " by nic pizzolatto rwsg literary Agency 1107 1 /2 glendon Ave Los Angeles , California 90024 ( 310) 208-0360 true detective chapter two : ' see thing 's title credit . black . cohle ( v.0 . ) back then , not sleep . I have lay in the dark . I have think about woman . my wife . my daughter . fade in : int . cohle family apartment , bedroom - day a young couple on a bed , with a year - old baby between they . Light diffuse through thin curtain over a large window as the young parent delight in the child , play with she . rustin cohle , 26 , with he wife and daughter -- cohle ( v.0 . ) who know why we choose the one we do ? some just have you name on they . like a bullet . or a nail in the road . off the happiness of the parent and they baby -- int . interrogation room - day the establish interview room - old table , bulletin board , institutional wall . rustin cohle , 51 , sit before we , three beer into he six pack , cigarettes beside a mug . the flame - and - dice tattoo visible on he forearm , he speak into the camera , drink , smoke -- cohle ...- sorry . I drift when I have a few . s’why I like to drink alone . he finish the can -- cohle ( cont ’d ) still will not tell I about the new one ..? alright . none of my business , you guy do not want to fill I in . he wait a beat , watch he questioner , pop open a new beer -- cohle ( cont ’d ) none of my business , you tell I you lose most of we old file ina basement flood ... i/e. cid car , moving - day on a black , unmark cid car cruise through the Ozark foothills . rust cohle , 31 , ride passenger as martin hart , 36 , drive they into a frosty , rural landscape , pine - cover hill mark with dirt driveway , trailer park and ramshackle home , dense wood and haze mountain in the distance . dollop of snow spot the edge of thing -- hart ( v.o. ) we dig up the victim 's mother after talk to she ex in pine bluff . piece of work , that guy . ext . lewis home , ozark - day a dilapidate cinderblock bungalow with corrugate metal roof , its small yard a tangle of knee-high weed and debris . cardboard cover one of the front window . cohle and hart step out they car in the high grass , move toward the house -- ext . lewis home , front door - day a woman , 60 , open a plywood front door for the detective . she 's thick , stone - face with she thin gray hair pull into a greasy pony - tail , a tent - like house dress make a solid mound of she . from the darken doorway she squint upward at the detective , into the daylight -- int . lewis home , ozark - day rust , Martin , and the woman ( ellen lewis ) , sit on ancient furniture in a cramped live room . ellen be weep , wiping she eye as rust and Martin exchange a glance -- they look around the house , notice a very old tv in one corner , and in another , a votive kneeler before a statue of the virgin Mary , the statue frame by flea-market portrait of Christ and the madonna . cast iron stove , makeshift chimney with ash gather beneath it in a pile . on a shelf , a few family photograph -- hart Far as help we find out what happen , Mrs. Lewis . maybe you could remember the last time you see you daughter ? ellen dab at she eye with a rag -- ellen it would be ... maybe a month , I think . last time . she bring I some supper . cohle she call since then ? ellen I - I do not have a phone . ellen turn to the kneeler , the portrait above it -- ellen ( cont ’d ) Bright Lady ! what else do you want ?! she break down again , gather herself . meanwhile hart look uncomfortably at cohle , but rust 's eye be tracking detail of the house -- soot-stain on the low ceiling , dirt , dust , old newspaper . on the row of photo on the shelf -- a young girl that must be dora lange , wear a inscrutable expression . in one photo , she 's about twelve , and a man stand behind she , shadow -- cohle Mrs. Lewis ... how about she father ? do they have a relationship ? ellen him ? why ? what do she say ? hart no , Mrs. Lewis , we be ask if he 's around , if they be close . ellen why would not a father bathe he child ? glance between the partner and ellen -- cohle ... be you husband here ? can we talk to he ? she become solemn , shake she head , set she jaw proudly -- ellen die on the road . drive a peterbilt , roll over when he take a exit too fast . outside of rowan , Oklahoma . May 11th , 1984 . cohle what about the last time you see dora ? what be she like -- how have she seem , I mean ? ellen ...- she 's have a little trouble . but I think there would be time yet , for she . I wait . she say she have start go to church . Said she would be talk to a priest -- she choke . detective exchange look , hart re-take lead -- hart she have any specific reason for see you , last time she come around ? ellen .»- no . no , she say she just have not be by in awhile . bring I spaghetti ... she know I do not have any money , if that 's what you mean . hart how about she ex-husband , Charlie Lange ? ellen him ? he 's in prison . hart you get along with he ? ellen ... they both grow up together ... they always want more , you know , kid ... how do you keep they from want what 's bad for they ?.. why have the Lord make people this way ? that we can only want what hurt we ? they give she some space with she desperation , then -- hart ... she seem to be do alright , last time you see she ? ellen she seem alright . yes . a little happier . more positive . I be glad she would be talk to a priest . at once , ellen clutches she head , grimace as if in the throw of a terrible migraine . she groan . hart move to she side -- hart Mrs. Lewis ? ellen ..- my headache . I get storm ... notice rust continue watch she interaction with hart impassively , almost coldly . gradually , she push out of the pain -- ellen ( cont ’d ) worked at a dry-cleaner twenty year . now I get headache . I have to handle all this chemical for such a long time . that 's what 's wrong with my nail -- she hold out she hand , show she nail ; they be yellow and gnarled , fungal , and the end be soft and rotted off -- creepsville . off cohle and hart 's look to one another -- int . cid car , moving - day on the detective 's car as it travel southward on highway 71 , through the wintry geography of the Ozark foothills . hart drive , rust sit back , stare ahead , think to himself -- hart clock rust in think , and as if the silence bother he -- hart piece of work , right ? my mother , donna reed type . hot meal . lunch pack . rust do not respond -- hart ( cont ’d ) ++- you mom still alive ? cohle .»..- I guess so . the answer jab hart , cohle 's indifference take as a inchoate stab against family value . cohle do not engage he further , keep think to himself . visibly annoyed , hart turn back to the road -- hart ( v.o . ) my parent ? int . interrogation room - day martin hart , 56 , suite , robust , speak to he interviewer -- hart my father , you know , I have about six inch on he , and even when he get old , I have still say he could take I ... cobbler . sold shoe . make shoe . navy in World War two . swam to North Africa when he pt Boat go down ... there be a kind of boyish pride in hart 's tale , inform by a matrix of private inflation -- hart ( cont ’d ) he be tough . but fair . you always know where you stand with he ... Cancer . ' 95 . Mom pass a couple month after he . married forty - two year . a conservative idealization of marriage and parent be discernible in hart 's recollection . he watch the camera as though be ask a question -- hart ( cont ’d ) no. rust 's mom live somewhere out West , and he do not talk about he dad ... to I , look back , the family stuff ... I think part of rust 's problem be that he need thing he would not admit to . on that succinct analysis - - ext . gas station / convenience store - day establishing -- a rural gas station surround by desolate field and dark forest , snow - dapple . tire , car part , junkyard effluvium . notice the black cid car park at the entrance -- int . gas station / convenience store - day follow along the store counter , its pornography and tobacco and cheap impulse busy , to the end , where cohle and hart stand over a store attendant , carla eustice -- she 's large , corn -fed and plain , wear a work vest and sit in a chair at the end of the counter , cry as the detective look down . though on duty , she drink from a fresh 40 oz . of malt liquor -- carla -- and the worst be that I have a feel . like maybe something be wrong with dora and I should call she -- carla look to cohle and hart for assurance . a ribbon of tattooed star wind out of she collar and halfway up she neck -- cohle you remember the last time you talk to she , carla ? last time you see she ? carla she come by my place . she need somewhere to crash , and I let she spend the night ... Charlie need some cash . I tell he she would not be able to help , but I give she the message . told she to call he . cohle she be homeless ? carla no , not the way she say it . she seem , it do not matter now , but I guess she have get into the christy again . or something . she say it be just for the night . I have not see she in a long time , and I could tell thing be hard on she . I shoulda help out more . I have a feel ... hart you clean , carla ? carla 's eye dart . she shrug , almost ashamed , drink -- cohle do not worry about that . what have she say to you ? how be she ? carla thin . loopy , like I be say . on something ... ( more ) carla ( cont 'd ) oh - like this nursery rhyme ? I wake up in the night cause I hear she . she 's curl on the couch . blanket pull up . and she be repeat this rhyme ... I think I have hear it before . something like , ' I meet a man on the stair , but he be not there or anywhere . 's I do not know . weird . I go back to bed . cohle ...’ yesterday upon the stair , I meet a man who be not there ... he be not there again today . 's carla that 's it . cohle ...’ I wish , I wish he have go away . 's she look between the two detective , hart watch cohle for explanation -- cohle ( cont ’d ) it 's a poem . antigonish . hart slightly baffle , back to carla - - hart you have any idea where she might have be stay ? landlord at she last address say she move out about a year ago . carla yeah . no , she move out of there . she might have have a fella for awhile ? there 's this , like , woman 's shelter ? it 's outside Fayetteville , um , up near the highway before springdale . I know she go there sometimes . where the Wal - Mart be . hart how far back you and dora go , as friend ? carla since junior high . hart you know she father ? carla drink -- carla ... you gonna ask about the bath ? cohle and hart show no reaction . a beat as carla hit she 40 - - carla ( cont 'd ) ...- I can sense thing sometimes ... do you - do you think I know this be go to happen to dora ..? she look between the two cop , plead for acquittal -- cohle just shrug -- int . cid car , moving - day late afternoon . hart drive as cohle watch out the window , always observe the icy landscape . frost cover the glass , and light ripple and bounce off the ice -- cohle 's Pov fx : a small bird appear within the frost , flicker , its wing rise to the light , flap once before it evaporate to runny ice on the glass -- almost a trick of the light -- on cohle , shutting he eye hard , as if fight the vision -- cohle ... we be do this wrong . hart you expert opinion . cohle we be try to learn more about she . we should be try to learn more about he . hart there 's nothing to go on with he . cohle Hit up prost . self-hate . artistic . possibly train in taxidermy . religiously inclined . hart every person within a thousand mile be religiously inclined . 10 . cohle ( to self ) ... unless ... be he mock ? hart watch cohle sort through he own thought -- hart listen , I can appreciate a kind of academic model you be add here -- cohle she sound sad , marty . a tired , rip - up person on she last leg . make she a good target for we man , but it be not personal . prost yard would be he hunt grounds . we should be on that , put demma and lutz on victim background . hart ninety - five percent of murder be commit by someone the victim know . cohle and in what percentage of that murder do the DB have wing solder to they back ? hart scowl , do not retort , acknowledge the point -- cohle ( cont ’d ) I be tell you , there 's a scope to this . a vision . she be just chum in the water . we should be work on methodology . the car pass out of frame , but the camera linger on the ice- lace hill under a deep gray sky , as though they watch we back -- int . interrogation room - day Martin hart , 56 , speak to the camera -- hart ... well , you be look for a narrative . that 's the job . you be just try to find the story that fit . crime scene protocol . interrogate potential witness . parcel evidence . talk to people . talk to everybody . establish a timeline . build a story ... day . ( more ) 11 . hart ( cont 'd ) week . that 's still how it 's do , yeah ..? you talk to people . off he point -- int . platinum cabaret , springdale - day Inside a empty strip club where a homely woman gyrate lethargically on a pole for no audience . a manager ( 40s ) speak to cohle and hart near the bar . the manager hold a photocopy of dora Lange 's mug shot -- manager gave she a couple day shift . she only show up for one . be not good - look enough to put up with that kind of shit . on cohle , scrutinize the man 's face as he hand back the mug shot -- int . interrogation room - day rustin cohle , 51 , semi-relax with he beer -- cohle you fill in blank . try to account for the state of thing use objective correlative ... like historian , write a secret history . ... that 's why you be talk to I , yeah ? on the slight sense that he know something he interviewer do not -- ext . women 's shelter , arkansas - day Day shading toward evening . a small brick build in a rundown patch of county between Fayetteville and springdale , Arkansas . cohle and hart stand at the front door , look up at a sign which read ' ST . JOHN 's house of women 's - ' Love and shelter abide within 's -- cohle next on we tour of female tragedy ... int . women 's shelter , kitchen - day Inside the home 's kitchen , cohle and hart stand before a casually - dress nun ( 60 ) and four women , age 25 - 40 , who share two photocopies of dora Lange 's mug shot between they . 12. dish and food suggest that the nun be direct the woman in prepare dinner prior to the detective 's entrance . the women seem reticent in the company nun yes . she 's be here . around of late -- ha : woman 1 of the police -- 's not be maybe two week ? think that 's the last time I see she . woman 2 she just come for dinner time . I do not think she here . nun a few stay no . she do not stay here . hart you all maybe know where stay ? the woman look between each other , nun a lot of the woman come here , they do not have pe : place . she do shake they head -- through rmanent the nun put down the photocopy and return to prepare dinner -- woman 3 ..- I talk to dori befo : woman 1 I too . hart anybody know if she have boyfriend , a man ? the woman glance at one another -- woman 3 -- she have a husband in bluff , I think . nun .- she ask I before , take vow . ( more ) be . a jail . pine about 13 . nun ( cont 'd ) she once ask I what it mean , be a bride of Christ . I remember that ... the nun move to put a dish in the oven -- nun ( cont 'd ) not a serious inquiry , you understand ... something 's happen to she , yes ? she and the other woman face the detective -- nun ( cont 'd ) happens now and then . Men of you vocation come see we . ask question . she make the sign of the cross -- nun ( cont 'd ) ( to girl ) we will hold a mass for she , Sunday . the woman nod to one another grimly -- I /e . women 's shelter , arkansas - day follow the nun as she lead the detective out . cohle and hart clock the feature of the home as they walk -- everything old but immaculately clean , shelf full of book , many of they more progressive than one might expect , women appear and shrink back into doorway at they presence -- nun usually ten to fifteen here at one time . no room for more than that . get more for the meal . i’1l pass dora 's picture around . hart and you get we card . anybody remember anything , ring we up . totally anonymous . cohle anything at all . no matter how irrelevant it seem . she open the door and the two detective step outside -- 14 . nun a lot of the woman here have problem trust man ... I 'il do what I can . cohle they can trust we . the nun look over cohle and seem flatly unimpress . she just step back , watch he as though she glimpse a threat , shutting the door -- cohle and hart walk back to they car -- hart you get a way with folk , rust . they warm up around you . cohle I make friend and influence people . they climb in the car -- int . arkansas state cid - night back in the homicide division of the State Police . detective milling about ( demma , lutz , geraci , favre ) . lo. quesada talk on the phone -- hart ( v.o. ) see what the other boy have before we call it a day . hart and cohle enter the squad room , acknowledge by the receptionist . they walk through the division toward the big board establish for the dora Lange case -- demma and geraci approach hart -- demma landlord say she move out a year ago . lose the deposit . never hear from she . neighbor check out . only one remember she say she use to come home in the morning . a lot . demma 's eye be a little glaze , and he and geraci display the barest physical sign of inebriation -- hart thanks . 15 . cohle ( sniff ) you two canvas the bar pretty heavy ? geraci up you ass , cohle . do you own legwork , you rat fuck . cohle what have you call I ? geraci s'what 's go on here , right ? ( be cohle ) company man here 's work cid for the fed . cohle put he finger in geraci 's face -- cohle one time . say it again rummy . geraci lunge at cohle , who side -step and bitch - slap the back of he head . then hart and lt . quesada be between the two , shove they apart -- quesada what the hell be this ?! hart ( to geraci ) goddamnit , Jerry . go home . geraci back down , straighten he tie - - geraci nothing , loo . break ball . hart look at cohle , who 's eye-fuck geraci . notice that no one like match stare with cohle for very long . geraci and demma walk out the squad room , snide -- geraci ( cont 'd ) New kid like talkin out the side of he mouth . quesada stay with hart and cohle , await explanation . but lutz and favre approach , lutz read from he notepad -- lutz get a couple hit from work girl . nothing special . ( more ) 16 . lutz ( cont 'd ) nobody close to she . few name recognize she as a occasional . favre like she trick only now and then . show up at a couple truck stop when she need the cash . get the name of which one . hart right . quesada ( to cohle and hart ) what about you two ? you get anything today ? cohle and hart look at one another , mutually acknowledge failure -- int . interrogation room - night Martin hart , 56 , speak to the camera -- hart few day like that . we ask around , talk to other work girl . talk to she former employer ... int . grocery store - day a large grocery store where the manager ( 40s ) speak to the two detective -- manager have she on checkout . she quit after a few month . no notice . he shrug , return to stock can on a shelf -- int . coffee shop - day hart and cohle sit at a booth with anne ( 30 ) , whose appearance suggest a cut- rate streetwalker -- anne she tell I about where she come from . her dad ... but I never know she that close . sorry to hear what happen . cohle rub he eye as though he have a headache - - 17 . int . cohle 's apartment - day early morning , cold , window frost . rust cohle rise to start he day . his bed be a mattress on the floor , surround by book . no furnishings . a crucifix on the wall . follow he to a narrow bathroom , it 's mirror as he stare at himself : sleep - deprive , hollow - cheek -- cohle ( v.0 . ) day of nothing . that 's what it 's like , yeah ? you work case ... int . hart home , bedroom - day early morning . in he big bed with he wife , maggie , hart be happily wake by he two daughter run into the room , bounce on the bed . embrace , tickle -- cohle ( v.0 . ) you talk , you listen , look for something to break . day of search . like lose dog ... on the groggy , familial joy of hart 's morning wake - up -- int . taxidermist - day a man ( 5as ) stand behind the counter inside a taxidermist 's , stuff , mount animal clogging the wall all around , game animal - deer , duck , quail , a bear 's head . cohle and hart stand on the other side , ask the man a question , dialogue only voice - over -- cohle ( v.0 . ) talk to something like ten taxidermist . nobody have ever do a turkey vulture , much less sell one . the taxidermist shake he head to answer they question -- int . cid car , moving - day hart drive while cohle look over the note that fill the big legal tablet he use . hart watch he peripherally , the portfolio spread across he lap -- hart hey . other night , you be over for dinner ... why do not you go home , when I have Chris call for you ? 18 . cohle ...- I do not know . I guess I would sober up . and it be not as bad as I think , meeting you family . I like talk to they . hart ' bad 's ? why have you think it have be bad ? cohle I do not . look -- he close he portfolio , sigh -- cohle ( cont ’d ) I be marry , marty . Three year . we have a baby girl . she die , two year old . car accident . Marriage could not handle it . hart shit , man . I be sorry . sorry to hear that . I do not -- cohle s'alright . it be just I , not you guy . I be worried ... be around that kind of thing ... after a beat , rust go back to look at he note , and Martin glance at he from the corner of he eye , a new sympathy in he appraisal -- int . interrogation room - day 51 , rust cohle smoke , listen to he interviewer . perhaps slightly buzze , he speak a little discursively when he answer -- cohle yeah . just marry once . come close another time . that be later on . marty introduce we . she break it off . for the best . I give she cause ... I can be hard on people . he put he cigarette out , think , sip he beer . in a oddly confessional outpour -- cohle ( cont ’d ) I can pick people apart . I do not mean to . but I can be critical . I have problem get angry ... ( more ) 19 . cohle ( cont ’d ) I have have the think before that I be not good for other people . like it 's no good for they to be around I long . I wear they down . they become unhappy . I do not mean for that . but life work its way through you ... I can not say the job make I this way . more like , I be this way make I right for the job . I do not know . I use to think about it a lot . not so much now . you reach a age and you understand who you be ... a beat as he stare into the camera , unable to fully hide the pathos in he eye -- cohle ( cont ’d ) it 's better now . I live in a little room out in the country . tend bar four night a week . in between I drink , and there 's nobody around to make I stop . which be good . I understand who I be . after all this year ... there 's a victory in that . cohle 's flat gaze carry no sense of achievement -- int . arkansas state cid - night the homicide squad room , fairly empty . notice the big board , and how little evidence have be add to the dora Lange case . at they desk , cohle be type up the Daily log - - across the room hart speak softly into the phone , try not to be hear -- hart ( into phone ) no , babe . I understand . of course I want to be there ... it 's just the case get move , I needa follow something up tonight ... listen , you tell she daddy 's proud , and I '1l see it next time ... alright , sorry . I love you . marty hang up . walk across the room to where cohle be type -- hart ( cont ’d ) you alright do the dl ? I get somewhere to be . 20 . cohle Boy 's night at glory holez ? hart Nice . audrey 's piano recital . cohle sure . go on . hart thanks . hart grab he jacket and make for the exit while cohle regards he with a slight suspicion -- int . scarlet o’s tavern - night a mid-scale bar , dim , mostly attend by adult or the middle - age . hart stand at the bar with demma and lutz , all three drink boilermaker -- hart 10 to 1 we never get this guy . lutz you be give yourself too much credit . hart do not let cohle hear you say that . demma fuck cohle . he call my man geraci incompetent . lutz Steve be incompetent . demma you know he 's ex -dea or something ? s'why willey force he on we division . the fed be run something . hart no , no . see , that 's you all start shit , Chris . bullshit rumor . quesada already talk to he about it . demma what a relief . 21 . the bartender deliver three whiskey shot to the man , who all toast and throw they back . hart start move away -- lutz where you go ? hart make a call . int . scarlet o's tavern - night in a dark hallway , hart lean against the wall , use the pay phone -- hart ( into phone ) alright if I drop by ..? scarlet o 's ... no I be not . I barely have anything to drink ... leave the door unlock ? he hang up the phone , straighten he jacket . follow as he walk back to the bar , the barest hint of conflict in he feature -- hart ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do . I enjoy be marry . when cohle rejoin he buddy , he quickly fake a grin -- int . interrogation room - day hart , 56 , speak to he interrogator -- hart I mean , sure , you miss some thing , be a cop . and yeah , I probably could have work it better than I do . but you know how it be . thing you see ... you gotta decompress before you go be the family man . I mean , what 's in you head , you can not have the kid around it ... a beat -- hart ( cont ’d ) I be say , sometimes you be not in a position to listen to twenty kid try to play ' chopstick . 's this for my wife , too . she do not want to be around I when I be this way , juice on a case . ( more ) 22 . hart ( cont ’d ) so sometimes you go have a drink instead of go home ... a tiny lie , as that thing go . the kind that keep the peace . ext . apartment complex , springdale , ar - night establishing - a set of manufacture condo in a suburban area north of Fayetteville . hart 's car park at the curb . he climb out , start walk to a door -- hart ( v.o. ) I mean the first lesson of adulthood be compromise , right ? ext . lisa 's apartment - night hart have just knock on a door , and it open onto lisa tragnetti , 26 , dark - haire and sexy in short and a loose T - shirt . she smile at marty , who hold up a bottle of rum . Lisa roll she eye as she step aside for he to enter -- int . lisa 's apartment - night on a stenograph machine , park in one corner outside the live room at a desk with a stack of paper ( this tell we Lisa be a court reporter ) . moving into the live room , fairly tasteful , relatively cheap furnishings . a coffee table where the bottle of rum stand -- a television show continue coverage of the exxon valdez oil spill -- Martin sit back on the couch as Lisa enter from the kitchen with two glass of ice and a liter of Coke -- she start to make the drink , bend over in front of marty , who reach out and slide he hand up she short -- hart ( v.o. ) ... that be part of rust 's problem , like I 's say . a man need a family . she turn around and they start kissing , Martin yanking she short down -- time CUT : int . lisa 's apartment - night the drink sit untouched on the coffee table , ice melt . Lisa lie on the couch with marty , wear only she T-shirt . 23 . hart 's in he boxer and undershirt , run finger through she hair -- hart ... what have you do last night ? I call up here late . lisa what be you do ? hart work . think about drop by . where be you ? lisa out with girlfriend . marty stop fondle she hair -- hart -+-- I do not like that . lisa what ? you be jealous ? hart do not be stupid . I mean ... there 's crazy people out there . a man kill young woman . lisa ..- be you talk about that girl in benton county again ? in the paper ? hart ( lie ) ... not just she . there 's more . lisa more ? really ? hart we be not say . keeping it out of the press . but we be think he 's be do it awhile . still do it . lisa oh. wow. jeez . hart there 's no need to be go out . have a drink at home . 24 . lisa I can not meet a nice man at home . hart that hurt I , see , when you say that . when you speak to I ina passive - aggressive way . I always talk straight with you . lisa oh , excuse I . I mean , since you be marry , I need to be consider my option as a young woman . I want thing marty . this be okay . but it will not last on . hart I want thing , too . Lisa shake she head , lean away , reach for she drink -- lisa you just want you cake and to eat it , too . marty move to she -- hart what the hell good be cake if you can not eat it ? he bury he face in she ass . she gasp , set down the drink and close she eye -- int . interrogation room - day rust cohle , now on he last beer , tell he story -- cohle I ? I tell you . I do not sleep . most night I have read manual . Study . go over case stuff ... he drink -- cohle ( cont ’d ) other time I have just lie in the dark . think about woman . int . lucy 's apartment - night a cheap , cramped studio apartment by the railtrack , the single room cluttere with loose clothing , fast food bag . 25 . a bed take up most of the space , festoon with stuffed toy , plush animal for which the woman on the bed be much too old -- Lucy ( 20 , the prostitute cohle meet in ep. 1 ) , sit cross - legge on the bed , a few baggy of pill in front of she , prescription bottle without label . rust cohle , 31 , stand at she window , exhaust , look out at a streetlight in a alley -- lucy you want blue ? cohle quallude . the dopey stuff . he turn to watch she rifle through the pill -- cohle ( cont ’d ) what 's it run ? lucy um ... I be think . I see the blue go for three a pill . cohle we will say two -hundre for all of they . Lucy blink back disbelief : the cop 's not go to rip she off . cohle hand she the money , which she take wide - eye , cautiously -- cohle examine the bottle of about sixty pill while Lucy watch , relax a little for the first time -- lucy think you might just take they . or that you want something else ... some kind of something else . she recline on she bed , leg stretch under a denim skirt , bruise on she knee . a invitation -- cohle no . lucy ... then I think , you be a good - lookin man . you would not need a shakedown to get some . 26 . Lucy continue to watch cohle as put the cap back on the pill , stuff they in he blazer pocket . during they interaction , cohle remain civil but cold , unresponsive to she gesture . the light from the window be dowdy and orange , dramatize he edge -- lucy ( cont ’d ) ... what 's you deal ? sfx : SOUND of a bottle breaking outside the window -- cohle move to the window , see down below a person run into shadow across the street , disappear -- cohle I do not have a deal . lucy I mean , what you do . you be not like cop I know . even the bad one . cohle who be the bad one ? lucy ..- nevermind ... I think you be gonna bust I last week . cohle not interested . lucy yeah . I know . you be kind of strange ... like you might be dangerous . cohle of course I be dangerous . I be police . I can do terrible thing to people with impunity . she go quiet , and cohle scan the stuff toy on she bed , they paw and glass eye a uncomfortable decoration -- cohle ( cont ’d ) ..+- you remember that girl I first ask you about ? the blonde ? she nod -- lucy I still be not hear nothing . 27 . cohle you know anybody might 's have ? lucy no . I talk to everybody I know ... but ... cohle what ? lucy I just think of this ... if she be game , and she be south side ? I hear about this place . a kind of trailer park . or campground like . some of the work girl stay there . suppose to , anyway . kind of a , what you call it , co-operative ? call it the ranch . cohle ... where 's this ? lucy South of Fayetteville . around Devil 's den. suppose to be , way I hear it . cohle .+- Hill people . meth cooker . biker . lucy yeah . you know the place ?.. Lucy watch rust 's face as he think to himself , put something together -- cohle take care , Lucy . i’1l holler . he exit , shut the door -- on she bed with the pill , almost unconsciously , Lucy curl up with a stuff bear and close she eye -- int . cohle 's truck , moving - night cohle head south in he truck , move down a rural highway toward he apartment . dawn just start to break , red spilling into the horizon 's edge , barely lighting a electrical station , a AIR traffic tower , barbed wire fence -- 28 . cohle 's Pov fx : a system of tracer image flash from the thing he pass , similar to a drugge effect . line of electric light flicker in the dark sky around he -- cohle squint , shake he head , fight the hallucination -- cohle 's Pov fx : in he headlight , the faintest image of a woman' face , like a poorly project film , barely there - cohle ( v.0 . ) ..- yeah , my ' vision problem 's . I tell marty about they down the line . like year down the line ... driving , tracer image fleeting around he , rust massage he temple -- cohle ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Chemical flashback . neural fallout from my time in the hidta . the tracers grow in intensity , the light swallow he as he drive , fade to white -- int . interrogation room - day cohle , 51 -- cohle as in High intensity drug traffick Area . Three year undercover ... you know what that mean ? a beat as he receive a answer from he interviewer -- cohle ( cont ’d ) that stuff 's still seal , huh ? -.- Nah . I x11 talk about it . I do not care ... a beat as cohle watch he cigarette burn , sink into personal recollection -- cohle ( cont ’d ) ... blowout . car swerve suddenly . she would just step into the road ... he gather he word a moment , have begin off - track -- cohle ( cont ’d ) anyway . afterward , Claire and I sort of turn on each other . all the way a man and woman can . ( more ) 29 . cohle ( cont ’d ) subtle betrayal . cruelty ... we resent each other for be alive , you know ? ... I transfer from robbery to narco , start go 24 / 7 . Street rip , kick door . cohle pause , put out he cigarette -- ext . alley - night in a darken alley behind a convenience store , rust cohle , 27 , brace two dealer against the wall , gun to they head , yanking baggy out they pocket and stuff they in he own -- cohle ( v.0 . ) within a year I be rip - off dealer and robbing courier -- int . motel room - night a dim motel room . rust sit shirtless at a table , do a line of coke with a burnt glass crack pipe , some bronze scour pad , and tequila nearby -- cohle ( v.0 . ) .+- holing up at a ramada Inn with a couple eight - ball and Don julio . he fall back in he chair , he eye craze and blink , light by the window blind -- cohle ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) somewhere in there Claire leave . int . trailer home - night Pov - look upward at cohle in a dim room . 27 , dress as a white trash tweaker , circle under he eye , cohle point a s&w nine millimeter at the camera -- cohle ( v.0 . ) somewhere in there I emptied a nine into a crankhead who would be inject he infant daughter with he own blood . cohle discharge all fourteen round directly at the camera , he face impassive , muzzle flash like a strobe , more blood with every flare . the only sound the voice- over - - 30 . cohle ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) guy say he be try to ' purify 's she . int . room , police station , louisiana - night cohle , 27 , still dress like a tweaker , look rough , sit in a room with four suite police official , listen as they speak sternly to he . one of they slap a hand on the table , have insulted cohle -- cohle . ( to group ) . bein 's uc ... it 's like the persona I maintain . like , uh , serpico ... man 1 serpico never piss himself after pass out in court . man 2 serpico never execute a unarm man . the man sit back and let cohle fully digest he situation -- man 1 I think you better listen very closely to what special agent bokum tell you -- one man , sa bokum , start talk , lay out a course of action , but cohle 's voice - over provide the dialogue -- cohle ( v.0 . ) State Attorney and ia Commander give I one shot . keep you profile , they say . be we maniac addict ... int . biker garage - night a biker gang , heavily armed , have assemble to conduct a deal in a convert garage / headquarters . merchandise in two suitcase on a table , money and drug -- notice rust cohle , 27 , facilitate the deal , dress in riding leather and bandanna , no shirtsleeve , he flame and dice tattoo visible down he forearm -- 31 . cohle ( v.0 . ) they make I a floater . I become like some kind of trick get pass around to any state department or interagency task force that need a deep cover narc . get special agent bokum beaucoup political clout . on cohle , paranoid , suppress he fear as he watch the biker negotiate the deal ... int . interrogation room - day rustin cohle sit behind the table , the beer go but the ashtray and cigarettes still there . traumatize eye -- cohle Three year of that and I could not get the wall in my apartment to stop whisper . or the carpet fiber to quit they high - pitch shriek ... he reach into a jacket pocket and produce a slim flask ( unmistakably smartass , as he make he interrogator furnish he with beer ) -- cohle ( cont ’d ) -.. you really do not know this ?.. he unscrew the cap on the flask and sip it . shrug -- cohle ( cont ’d ) in January of ' 88 I kill three cartel man at the Port of Houston . take one in the chest . spend four month at the northshore psychiatric Hospital in slidell . they offer I a medical pension . jackpot , right ? I say , no. I say , put I on homicide somewhere ... people owed I favor by then . special agent bokum be State Attorney General bokum , at that point ... ext . rainbow apartment - night just barely inching toward dawn , the night / morning blue , object tinged with snow and frost outside the ratty brick apartment build where cohle , 31 , life . his truck pull up , shut off -- 32 . cohle ( v.0 . ) for a long time after that , I do not really sleep . nightmares . ptsd . exhausted nerve . whatever . cohle exit he car and approach he front door . icicle line the eave above the door , glitter pink in the new - rise sun -- cohle 's Pov fx : a icicle shimmer , fracture , and a ice angel manifest , turn once into the brightness , then fade back to squiggly light run down a icicle . again , almost a trick of the light -- cohle ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so back then , at time I have see thing . neural fallout , like I say . cohle open he door , pause . he stand directly under the icicle , turn he face up to it , as if dare it to fall into he eye -- int . interrogation room - day cohle , 51 , sip he flask and smoking a cigarette , listen to a question -- cohle ..- why homicide ? something I see at northshore . this quote from corinthian . ' the body be not one member but many . now be they many , but of one body . 's he let the answer lie , hit he smoke . let 's they ask a follow - up question -- cohle ( cont ’d ) ... I be just try to stay part of the body . off the complexity of this nihilist 's answer -- int . arkansas state cid , locker room - day cohle , 31 , be in the locker room wash he hand when hart enter . both man look tired . cohle dry he hand and watch as hart go to he locker and start pull out a new shirt and tie -- cohle walk over to he , talk while hart re-dress himself , take off yesterday 's shirt and tie and replace they -- 33 . cohle get something might be good . some prost co - op to the south , ' round Devil 's de . hart think we be look at the husband 's old run buddy today ? cohle try this first . hart continue get dress , shrug in acquiescence . he notice rustin still stand by he , watch he -- hart ... what ? cohle nothing , man ... ( sniff ) wash up , you get some pussy on you . cohle turn away , move to grab he jacket from he own locker -- hart ... spontaneity . Key to a healthy marriage . cohle do not turn to he , gather up he own gun and jacket from he locker -- cohle ..- yeah ? that 's maggie , huh ? hart 's eye widen in fury before cohle can even realize the implication of what he say -- hart hey , what 's with you and you fuck nose ? hart march toward he -- cohle what ..? nothing . forget it . hart brace he , slam he into the locker -- hart I get a connotation of something be imply here . about my wife ? about ' maggie 's ? cohle you say that 's wife , that high - tide you be walk in with ? hart you get some opinion ' bout how my wife 's pussy 's suppose to smell ?! they struggle , but hart pin he against the locker -- cohle ... I mean you wear the same clothes as yesterday , too . couple with . I do not mean to imply anything about any ... particularity , to the scent ... hart you do not say fuck - all about my wife . do not say she name . 34 . the man stare at each other with inch between they , hart 's fist bunched at cohle 's collar , raise he up -- cohle ( be hart 's hand ) you get some self - loathing this morning , fine . not worth lose you hand over . hart chuckle at the threat , cohle considerably outsize by the older man -- hart how would that work , exactly ? cohle I break both you wrist . you be a cop ... you think I be lie ? hart study he face , something cold in cohle repulse he . he let go and storm toward the exit , snatching he jacket on the way -- cohle watch he depart , let 's out a long sigh and lean against the locker , calmly take the pulse in he neck , as if idly curious about he heart rate -- 35 . int . cid car , moving - day hart and cohle drive south on 71 through the foothills of the Boston Mountains , deep holler and hilly wood , layer of shade obfuscation and cave system -- silence , tension -- cohle think to himself , stare outside the window . hart glance at he now and then , still fume ( he anger base in self - loathing , as cohle guess ) -- ahead a GREEN highway sign read ' devil 's den state park 21 mis . ’-- hart you get a specific location for this place ? or we just go to wander around till we find it ? cohle keep stare outside the window -- cohle gonna have to get direction . hart ...- maybe you can just follow the smell . a few beat pass , then cohle start laugh . hart grin , chuckle with he -- ext . highway 71 - day both man laugh as the cid car exit the highway into steep hill country , descend into a labyrinth of cold shadow and icy , skeletal tree -- int . interrogation room - day Martin hart , 56 , speak -- hart no. except for what happen in 2002 , we never fight . he be a pretty even - keel guy , rust . strange , but we get along . ext . defunct auto garage - day the cid car pull into a small , junkyard - style service station , block of expose concrete foundation where its fuel pump use to be . the detective exit the car , begin walk toward the open-air garage portion through high weed -- 36 . int . defunct auto garage - day Inside , two men on stool be fiddling with something on a work table as cohle and hart approach . we only hear hart 's voice - over for dialogue ---- hart ( v.o. ) ..- and he have some move . turned out he have a few cis down this way from he time undercover . told he some name to maybe talk to . both men be skinny tweaker with wiry , greasy hair , bundle in raggedy jacket against the cold . they appear to be work -- cop 's Pov -- as the detective get close , see that the two man have dismantle a old hi-fi SOUND system , scatter the electronic gut over the work table -- cohle ask this man something -- hart ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) tell you this , too . he have as good a bullshit detector as anybody ... the two man both shake they head in adamant ignorance at cohle 's question -- ext . defunct auto garage - day cohle and hart walk out of the garage , back to the car , deject , have learn nothing . hart climb in , but cohle pause at he door -- hart ( v.o . ) ...- and rust have the keenest eye for human weakness I have ever see . cohle do not get in the car , think , tell hart to ‘hold on 's and start walk back to the garage -- int . defunct auto garage - day the two tweaker look up from they work table to see cohle storming toward they -- cohle sorry . I realize we get off on the wrong foot -- cohle kick over they stool -- 37 . cohle ( cont ’d ) -- so I want to come back and put the right foot up you ass . with a wild roundhouse swing he smashes a half - dismantle turntable over the head of one tweaker , grab the other by he jugular , slam he face on the table -- int . cid car - day car run , heater on , hart wait with a measure of boredom . casually , he sniff he finger ... then cohle appear from the garage , walk back . cohle open the door and get inside -- cohle we want to go south on 220 . there 's a loop off the shoulder before it hit 74 ... gotta go down a dirt fishing road toward Lee Creek . hart be both surprised and slightly unnerve -- hart ...’ Kay . hart put it in reverse , back out as the tweaker stagger to the garage entrance , one massage he throat , the other he head -- int . interrogation room - day Martin hart , 56 , continue talk -- hart ..- yeah . I mean , I do not know then , but he tell I later . all that undercover stuff ... look back , I just think he have not quite transitioned yet , you know ? like soldier rotate back into the world . he have some issue he have to work through . but he do . he get over it ... he be a straight arrow for a long time . a beat , as he listen to a question . answer -- hart ( cont ’d ) no . you want to know about that stuff , you need to ask rust . off the dim sense that hart be in some way cover for he ex-partner -- 38 . ext . devil 's den - day establishing - a forest of limestone cliff and mostly bare tree , some verdant foliage , bucolic , steep declivity of rock and clay , creek sound in the near distance -- on a dirt road cut through the brush as the cid car enter the forest , bump along the uneven path , take tight turn -- ext . the ranch - day establishing - a series of trailer home - old , decrepit but restore - sit arrange in semi-circle , like a wagon train , a improvise , interdependent shelter nestle in a overhang of tree and forest . laundry hang between trailer , all female item , a abundance of antennas on the roof of the trailer -- the yard around be unusually clean , and only two car be nearby , both beater -- a woman ( jan ) exit one trailer and cross the yard to another , freezing to look up the rise as the cid car start trundle toward she -- int . trailer home , the ranch - day Inside one trailer , somewhat messy with a scatter of magazine and dirty plate . two women lounge on a couch , watch a soap on tv . they look up as another woman ( jan , 40s ) lead cohle and hart inside -- follow they down a thin hallway with three small bedroom , each with a mattress on the floor -- as though conduct a brief tour , Jan lead they back toward the kitchenette - - jan I be usually here , ' cause the lease be in my name . lot of girl come through , though ... cohle and this be what , like some hillbilly bunny ranch ? jan Excuse I ? you might want to talk to sheriff bilson ' fore you start toss accusation around . 39 . hart relax . it do not matter . we be not vice . cohle something happen to a girl . we need to know if any of you know she . cohle have take dora 's mugshot from he jacket , hand it to Jan -- jan -.- yeah ... that 's dori. huh . something happen ? beth ( 0.s. ) something happen to dori ? everyone turn to look at the trailer doorway , where a very young girl ( beth ) now stand , look concerned -- int . jan' trailer home , the ranch - day Inside another of the trailer , this one neater and cleaner , cheaply furnish but well - maintain . Home decor include a good amount of precious moment porcelain figure , other sign of childish romanticism . Beth sit upset , with cohle and hart on chair across from she . Jan stand at the kitchenette counter , smoking a cigarette and listen -- Beth be petite , brunette , very pretty , and look maybe fourteen -- hart how old be you ? Beth 's eye dart to Jan and back -- beth eighteen . hart you get i.d .? beth somebody steal my wallet . last week . hart look sternly toward Jan , who smoke with a nonchalant defiance . a hard - weathered woman who 's make she peace -- 40 . cohle ( back on track ) you know dora ? dori ? beth yeah . I mean , a lot of we do . she be here ... a good bit ? jan for about three month , more or less . not every night . beth yeah . stop see she a few week ago . she leave a bag . hart you pretty good friend with she , Beth ? she shrug , sad , teary -- beth she be nice to I , when I first come around . gave I tip and stuff . hart tip about what ? Beth glance at Jan again -- beth ..- nothing . you know , just how to be . we might now notice that something about hart 's gaze be unusually intense when apply to this girl , Beth , a concern that also include a kind of fascination . his eye linger too long on she , think not in a covetous way -- hart you get any idea where she might have be stay , this past few week ? Beth think , wipe she eye , glance at Jan -- beth I do not ... her ex 's in prison . I suppose she maybe just get a new place and that 's why we do not see she no more . ( more ) 41 . beth ( cont 'd ) she would be go to church . I 's hope maybe she just get it together . hart anybody else around here would know ? beth I do not know ... she talk to I more than anybody , I think . hart ( to Jan ) we be go to need to question any of the girl might have know she . jan that 's a tougher ask than you think . folk be stay away , they hear y’all be at the ranch . cohle it 's the best way to get we to leave quick . Jan shrug , put out she smoke . hart be still look at Beth , who demurely shrink under he gaze -- cohle ( cont ’d ) you say she leave a bag ? Beth nod , wipe she nose and glance at Jan -- Jan nod -- time CUT : int . jan 's trailer - day Beth be go . the detective face Jan , who still stand at the counter , now smoking a new cigarette - - hart that girl be not eighteen . sheriff know you get teenager work here ? jan what do you know about where that girl 's be ? where she 's come from ? Jan display a cool stridency -- jan ( cont 'd ) what kind of provision you think the world make for a woman in this part ? my husband prove out to be a lie piece of dogshit , and the only thing I ever get off he be he daddy own a little hunt lease . this . you want to know Beth 's situation ' fore she run out on she uncle ? cohle take it easy . hart there 's other place for she to go . jan such dick -swing bullshit from you . it 's a woman 's body , be not it ? a woman 's choice ? hart sometimes . do not make it right . do not make it healthy . there 's disease . jan do not people walk around this earth all the time have sex for free ? and unprotect ? you want to stop disease you should stop people have casual sex ... why be it you add business to the mix , boy like you can not stand the think ? ... it 's ' cause suddenly you do not own it like you think you do . 42 . some part of this strike hart , but before he can respond , Beth enter with a small canvas bag . she clock the tension in the room , glance at Jan for approval , and hand the bag to hart . he watch she sit as cohle immediately begin to dig through the bag -- hart watch he , observe the bag 's content : bundle clothes , some make - up , a ratty novel ( peyton place ) , a small notebook and a number of fold , yellow flyer -- cohle start read the notebook -- hart ( to Jan ) how about she customer ? anybody see she regular , you can point out ? jan 43 . now that ... that I would not know . she and hart lock eye . she 's unbudge -- cohle stand -- cohle ma ’‘am . you have both be very helpful . thanks much . you get friend at State cid . he shake Jan 's hand , then Beth 's , slip she two twenty -- hart seem briefly tear , like he 's not ready to leave , but then stand , he glance repeatedly return to Beth . she by now be become more comfortable with he attention , smile shyly -- then the detective exit -- ext . the ranch - day women have step outside the path toward they car . flipping through the small almost distraught -- cohle to watch the policeman trudge up cohle carry dora 's old bag , notebook . hart seem perturb , ( read notebook ) ' close my eye and see St. Michael and he sword on fire over my head ...’ marty .. journal ... hart this be like she believe this shit ? a girl that young ? and you know the sheriff 's get a stake in the place . Fucking Christ . cohle ( read ) ' , ..and he voice be silent but what he say be spell in flame that come from he mouth ... 's both man climb in the car , slam the door -- women 's Pov -- they all watch as the black cid car back up and turn around -- 44 , int . cid car , moving - day hart drive as he and cohle reach the main road , cohle just finish flipping through she notebook -- hart ( be notebook ) she sound like a nutjob . too much of whatever she be on , for too long . cohle it 's ... interesting ... a few beat pass as hart drive and cohle pull the yellow flyer from dora 's bag -- hart ...- figure we should maybe stay out here today . check around the bar and truck -stop for john , maybe know she . cohle yeah . okay . lookit this -- cohle hand he one of the flyer -- on the flyer -- it 's a cheap photocopy on yellow paper , a strange amalgam of collage cut from magazine and magic - marker text . image include a stone christ , a globe , flame and draw , black tentacles reach up into the flame . two eye watch over it all -- pan down handwritten text that read ' be you lost ? do you feel the flame at you heel ? jesus christ can save you ! you be our family - visit you home - speak with christ - worship in fellowship - be restore - it 's not too late !!!’ friend of christ the redeemer - 13590 cr 4588 - Northwest Arkansas -- hart huh . lot of that type place , expect the flock to canvas for they . cohle make some time for it , we be do cruise john . hart nod , give the flyer back , and the car accelerate onto the highway -- 45 . int . interrogation room - day rustin cohle , 51 , listen to he interviewer and smoking . his flask stand on the table beside the ashtray -- cohle Nah . nothing from any john that time ... late by the time we head back to Fort Smith ... rust listen a beat as he receive a question , smoke -- cohle ( cont ’d ) think it be eat at marty a little . that girl at the ranch . him with two daughter . in cohle 's expression be the barest hint that he be study he interviewer -- int . hart home , kitchen table - night early evening . dinner simmer on the stove . on margaret hart , 35 , sit at the kitchen table , drink in hand , she face stare into the glass , cold , unhappy -- Martin stand over she -- maggie just do not see the point ... I mean , why bother ? hart sit down beside she quickly -- hart honey , I be sorry . it 's just the case . I sleep it off in the car . you know how I do . we be through this . maggie it 's like you do not want to be here anymore . hart what ? year we be through this . sweetheart , listen to I . there be nowhere else I want to be . maggie look at he . she be pretty , but not as young or obviously sexy as Lisa tragnetti . we might notice , though , that Lisa be essentially a young , fitter version of the same physical type as maggie - - 46 . maggie I do not think that 's true . defensive , hair-trigger , hart stir up some self - righteousness -- hart oh come _on . bad enough the shit I have to wade through on a daily basis . now you bring I this feel - bad - for- I crap when I be work forty hour straight . I come home to the place , the one place where I know there 's peace and love , and this , this -- she do not respond , and he re-mount -- hart ( cont ’d ) what do you want I to say ? you want I to talk about a woman get kill , have wing melt to she back ? you want I to talk about kid get rape and behead ? then you be go to stop the '' poor - I '' shit ? maggie ..- that 's what I be do , huh ? try to make you feel bad for I ? he calm , touch she hand -- hart you be my world , babe ... but yeah , you know , sometimes I think you might have a penchant for self - pity ... and I need you strong . so that I can do my job . she watch he , she eye subtly pick he apart . without acknowledge any belief in he , she wipe she eye and stand , move to the stove -- maggie .»- can you tell the girl dinner ? marty rise , watch she back at the stove for a few beat , feel that there be some opportunity for he here , a partial heal , if he can just cross the kitchen to she -- but he turn around and walk down the hall -- dry-ey , maggie continue stir a pot of mashed potato -- 47 . int . hart home , hallway / girl 's room - night Martin hart walk down the hallway of he home , family picture on the wall , include he wedding picture , the girl at various age -- as he near the girl 's room he can hear they voice , and it sound like one of they say '' kill she '' -- hart move into the doorway . his two girl ( audrey , macie ) both kneel on the floor around a group of doll and immediately look up at he , beam -- audrey macie daddy ! daddy ! they leap up to swamp he with hug . there be a slight desperation to they clamoring for he love , and though hart could never define the reaction or its catalyst , it make he vaguely uncomfortable -- he do not notice , but he gently prod they off of he -- hart go into the kitchen , okay ? dinner 's ready . macie be you come ? hart you bet . I be starve . audrey okay ! they girl move out the room , though they wish to linger -- hart stand alone in they doorway , look into they room : its pink color and toy , a little girl 's room , this image contrast in he mind to the life he 's see the past few day . his eye catch the doll he daughter be play with on the floor , and he approach the toy -- hart 's Pov -- we see that the girl have a naked barbie lie on the carpet . arrange around she , stand and wear clothes , be three ken doll and a g.i. joe -- it look unmistakably like four man look down at_a dead , violate body -- on hart 's eye , wide with the inarticulate dread every father with a daughter must feel at some point -- 48 . int . interrogation room - day rustin cohle , 51 , face we , smoke and drink -- cohle .-- I think of my daughter now , what she have be spare . I feel grateful ... cohle lean forward , as though the point he be make be he most serious -- cohle ( cont ’d ) doc tell we she do not feel a thing . go straight into a coma . then , in that blackness , she just ... slip into another , deeper blackness ... be not that a nice way to die . painlessly , as a happy child ? ... Problem with die later be that by the time you grow up , it 's too late . all the damage have already be do . cohle sit back , hit he cigarette - - cohle ( cont ’d ) -+. I think now of the hubris it take to yank a soul out the bliss of non- existence into this - this meat . no matter what else , the world hurt . 24 / 7 . to force someone else into that hurt ... he drink , shake he head as if the idea be unconscionable -- cohle ( cont ’d ) ... so my daughter , she spare I from the sin of be a father . on cohle 's eye , the layer within he gaze -- ext . county road , northwest arkansas - day establishing -- a rural road cut through barren , roll hill , dead yellow grass , desolate field of scrubweed . occasional stretch be demarcate with barb - wire fencing , all under a metallic white sky , hazy mountain fring the distance -- cohle ( v.0 . ) that 's how I learn to see it . 49 . cohe and hart 's black cid car pass down the county highway , dwarf by the expanse of snowy countryside -- int . interrogation room - day Martin hart , 56 , slightly irritate , adjust himself in he seat -- hart listen . can we cut through this a minute ? I know what 's go on . I get friend . I read ... you catch another , do not you ? what be it , in bastrop ..? wing . he sit back , pleased with he intelligence , wait a few beat as a answer be give to he -- hart ( cont ’d ) right ... and I understand we old file be lose in the flood , but you be take the long way around ... you keep ask about rust . he become more serious , study he interviewer -- hart ( cont ’d ) you be try to jam somebody up . sit a beat on hart 's stern eye , then -- int . cid car , moving - day Inside the detective car as it continue through the same expanse of hinterland , cruise the desolation . junk in the field , isolate shack -- hart drive while cohle consult a map spread over he lap , the yellow flyer for ' friend of christ 's on top of it -- they pass empty plain , a ruin homestead or collapse barn here and there -- hart do not make sense ... there 's nothing out here . cohle look at the map , it 's get to be around this few mile . 50 . they drive a few beat , pass a burn out build with high gable but no roof , outer wall only stand in a field of overgrown sawgrass and scrub -- hart maybe it be like one of that tent revival place ? that thing move around . cohle ... there 's no date on the flyer . ( think ) wait . go back . make a U -- hart what ? why ? hart slow and start turn -- ext . burned church - day establishing - the burnt-down build they already pass , look like it might have be a small church , with its tall gable like steeples . its front window be break out , soot stain run halfway up the wall , no door , no roof , kudzu engulf much of the structure -- the cid car pull up . a field of blackbird erupt beside the church to they right -- on the blackbird -- int . interrogation room - day cohle sit at the table , fiddling with he flask , respond -- cohle be not like that . I mean , I could always tell what be real and what be not . I know it be not real ... so I would just roll with it ... he pause , light a cigarette as he interviewer ask another question -- cohle ( cont ’d ) ... no . they taper off . stop all together after I be clean a couple year . 51 . I / ext . cid car / burned church - day cohle 's Pov fx : out the window , he see the flock of blackbird lift into the sky in a tight cluster , and ina pointillistic abstraction , they seem to suddenly form a woman 's portrait -- -- then immediately the bird scatter into a looser grouping , the picture go . the flock keep sway over the field like a phantom thumbprint -- hart ( be building ) no number on the place . look like the fire be a long time ago ... cohle look away from the window , to hart , then the building . the man open they door -- ext . / int . burned church - day slowly pan into the demolish church , follow cohle and hart 's Pov as they walk through the tall grass and through the open church entrance -- the church floor be cover in rubble -- break pews , shattered glass crunching underfoot , the wall vandalize , altar crush , strewn with debris , fece -- one window be still intact , a high one above the back wall . it 's round , stained glass depict the madonna 's ascension . the light from the window be kaleidoscopic with stain color . it fall on cohle and hart as they foot crunch over the detritus -- hart okay . what ? place be trash . this be old damage . and no kind of lead , son . cohle stand still and look over the wall , they graffiti , he eye sharp and intense -- cohle ( v.0 . ) back then , the vision ... sometimes I be convinced I have lose it ... cohle 's eye fall on a particular section of the wall . he start approach it -- cohle ( cont ’d ) marty ... 52 . hart cross the trash space to cohle , who 's study the wall . hart likewise turn he attention to the wall -- Pov -- on the wall be a large , crude painting which show the silhouette of a unclothed female angel , kneel as if in prayer , a beam of paint light shine down on she figure . though she hand be in prayer , she head be laid down , as if rest -- it be unmistakably the exact pose in which dora Lange 's body be leave to be find in the wood -- cohle ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ..- and other time I think I be see straight into the true heart of thing . cohle and hart look at one another , confuse as to what this image might mean . then back to the wall -- begin rising over the detective , through the open roof , frame the painting on the wall . off the two man stare at this spectral representation of dora Lange 's body -- fade to black . end chapter two .