" true believer " screenplay by wesley strick shoot draft ext . ossining correctional facility - early morning mist shroud the prison . c.u . - eye close . then the lid fly wide open . int . cell a asian man sit up on he cot , come out of sleep with a gasp . shu kai kim be in he late 20 . with a muscle torso and shave head mean to inspire fear . and to hide it . int . cellblock - later the electrify door slide OPEN . shu step out of he cell . ortega -- a rugge young chicano -- step out of a nearby cell . the two con trade small nod . int . corridor the con walk in single file . ortega be behind shu . ortega speak softly , with barely perceptible lip movement . ortega fear will kill you . shu 's reply be like a ventriloquist 's , as well . the two man be run through some sort of arcane drill . shu I be not afraid . ortega you know I would stand in for you ... but then , believe you be weak , they would come for you anyway . shu no. I want this . ortega good . right after chapel ... it 's go down in the yard . now shu and ortega file into : int . prison chapel - morning on the dais , the minister lead a small convict choir . reverse - the congregation the con have segregated themselves into sullen group of black , white , and brown . close - four con at the rear . shu be flanke by two stringy chicanos . ortega sit behind shu . all four stare ahead with a intense blankness . angle - from the side now we see what 's really happen : shu grip two sharpen spoon . the chicanos wrap duct tape around shu 's fist -- so that even if he want to , he could not let go of the knife . angle - a white con in front . duane lindeman be burly , with long blond lock , he arm decorate with swastikas . tattooe on one cheek be three black teardrop . lindeman be surround by other like he . all singing a hymn to the Lord Jesus . through the chapel door a disturbance out in the hall : we hear thump , loud cursing . duane lindeman and friend just keep on sing . wide the rest of the congregation turn around , to see what 's go on . the two correction officer at the rear of the Chapel venture to the door and peer out , truncheon draw . two white inmate spring out of oppose back row aisle seat and slam shut the Chapel door on the c.o.s -- who immediately start pounding on the door with they stick . onstage - a hulk white member of the choir discreetly move to block the fire exit offstage . shu and ortega turn back around to face what appear at first glance to be a grotesque apparition : duane lindeman seem to be fly from the front of the chapel toward they , blond hair flow , arm wave , a warlock ... in fact , he 's racing from the top of one pew-back to the next -- and he hand be duct - tape , too , around not sharpen spoon , but long , serrate blade . ortega motherfucker ! not in here ! a siren wail as lindeman leap at shu -- who execute a perfectly time karate throw , send lindeman over he shoulder to land sprawling in the aisle . lindeman 's tattooe accomplice move to help . ortega hold they off . before lindeman can right himself , shu pin the blond goliath . bring a fist to lindeman 's neck , sharpen spoon press against the neo - Nazi 's jugular . outrage , the minister claw he way through the crowd of rubberneck con . shu be breathe too hard to demand that lindeman concede . but he message be clear . now , in gasp : lindeman kill ... I . instead , shu lift the sharpen spoon away from lindeman 's neck . carefully climb off , step back . lindeman lie there defeat . then loose a startling banshee scream and spring , blade flash , at shu . they be like two snarling cat . wrestling so furiously , we see only a blur of flesh , glint of metal . splash of blood . a ring of inmate form around the combatant . some cheer , other shout for the fight to stop . none dare interfere . now the back door virtually fly off they hinge as a half - dozen c.o.s in riot gear charge the Chapel . it take all six to drag the bloody con apart . shu immediately go limp ; duane lindeman be slack , twitching . horrify , the Minister back off , vestment soak in gore . CUT to : ext . JFK airport - morning a cab merge onto the Brooklyn - queen Expressway . aerial shot - manhattan island we pan to the Brooklyn Bridge and pick up the cab as it hit mannattan . int . cab in the back seat , face press to the glass , be roger baron . a 25 - year- old whose persona straddle two world : in he brook Brothers suit he would be welcome in any boardroom . with he buddy Holly glass and conceptually cropped hair , he 's someone you would want in you band . Roger check he watch . roger could I give you some extra money , have you drop I at the courthouse and bring my luggage to the hotel ? the cabbie turn around , at a red light . no creepier than the average New York cabbie . he be smile . cabbie no problem . Roger smile back . Big problem . ext . 100 centre STREET Manhattan 's fortress - like criminal court Building . Roger climb out of the cab , lug a suitcase , a briefcase , a duffel bag and a garment bag . int . courthouse corridor to a court officer : roger I be look for the court where Edward T. dowd be defend a Mr. nevins . the Court Officer consult the docket sheet . roger that 's the Edward dowd . the Court Officer blink at Roger . court officer part 73 , room 1113 . then , deadpan : court officer that 's the room 1113 . int . courtroom a Assistant d.a. stand before the jury , in mid-summation . d.a. Edward dowd be a inventive lawyer . I be sure he would like you to believe that the pound of pure cocaine find in he client 's home be intend for personal , recreational use . several juror stifle snicker . d.a . he may claim that the many pound of baby laxative be intend to help Mr. nevins stay regular . more mute sound of amusement , from the gallery , as Roger enter . he quietly deposit he luggage in the empty back row , then move to the front row , behind the defense table . seat there be a slick , natty defense attorney . next to he be a wire and weird - look defendant in a threadbare suit , the cut decade out of date . d.a . what will Mr. dowd say the defendant weigh on he laboratory scale ? oh , he will think of something ... but bear in mind that you juror control the scale that really count -- the scale of justice . only you can ensure that the defendant -- a man who sell dangerous drug to teenager , for profit ... angle - the defendant wince . he 's in he mid-40s , he face frame by a mane of hair that hang to he shoulder . his vintage suit accented by a embarrassingly wide and loud floral - print tie . d.a. ( o.s. ) ... will pay a penalty . be wise , be fair , and have courage . thank you . as she cross to the prosecution table : judge baum thank you , Ms. jessum . Mr. sweeney , may I have a word with you ? as Mr. sweeney -- the Court Officer -- confer with the judge , Roger lean forward . whisper to the Defense Attorney : roger Roger Baron . sorry I be late . the Defense Attorney look mildly baffle . regardless , Roger extend a hand . roger this be a honor . and a thrill . defense attorney really ? but what the hell : he shake with Roger . now the defendant turn , to see what 's go on . try to breathe as much empathy as he can into the one syllable : roger hi . the defendant have fix Roger with the sort of soul - pierce stare it take many acid trip to perfect . so , delicately : roger what be you , um , accuse of ? defendant all sort of thing . how ' bout you ? roger me? n- no , I be a lawyer , I be here to work with Mr. dowd ... nodding at the Defense Attorney . we hear a pounding gavel . judge baum Mr. dowd , would you care to make you close argument ? Roger pat the defendant 's shoulder . reassure : roger you be in good hand . the defendant lift he eyebrow , as though to say " be that so ? " turn back around . and , for some reason , he rise . defendant I would , you honor . roger confused , at first -- then mortify : omigod , that 's dowd ! edward c. dowd take three long , crooked stride over to the jury box , hand clasped behind he back , hair stream . eddie Brian nevins ' pound of pure cocaine be quite clearly intend for sale . the juror look surprised . so do the d.a . so do brian nevins . eddie the baby laxative -- dealer use it to dilute they coke before sell it . they can -- quadruple they profit ... nevins throw a jittery glance at the jury . eddie ... and of course you can not sell cocaine without a laboratory scale . Eddie strike a tone of cosmic lamentation . eddie Cocaine be evil . selling cocaine be evil . nevins check he mental rolodex for a great appeal lawyer . eddie pity this foolish merchant . dislike he if you must . but despise the tactic the police employ to snare Brian nevins ... do not lose sight of what 's really on trial here -- we basic personal freedom , we quality of life ... " freedom " and " life " be render as startling shout that make the juror sit up straight . eddie sublime concept , such as " the right of the people to be secure in they person , house , papers , and effect , against unreasonable search and seizure ... " Eddie 's delivery suggest a unholy but hard - to-dismiss hybrid of rabbi and diva . eddie for when we condone the bugging of we citizen ' bedroom , when we allow the police to enter we citizen ' home with specious warrant , when we invade we citizen ' privacy in a frenzied quest for a wick white powder , be not we capitulate to the evil , be not we surrender to the drug ? be not we say cocaine be more potent than we constitution ? ext . courthouse - afternoon - later Roger maintain a discreet distance behind Eddie and nevins as lawyer and client stroll down the step . nevins wow , that speech ... it be beautiful . amazing horseshit . eddie ( tight smile ) amazing client . nevins be not sure how to respond . so he give Eddie a quick , vigorous , almost hostile hug . nevins Eddie dowd ... everybody should own one . omit nevins spin away , hop into he girlfriend 's double - park porsche . as the happy couple blast off down the block , Roger draw even with Eddie . omit roger about the mix - up back there ... I , ah , never see you photo , I just read every civil liberty brief you file in the ' 60 ... Eddie distractedly nod . then rotely stick out he hand . eddie hey , it be nice meeting ya . gotta get back to the office . it take Roger a beat to realize the awful truth . roger Roger Baron , oberlin undergrad , Michigan Law ? none of this ring a bell ? exactly . amuse , now , by the absurd series of misstep : roger you hire I ? to clerk for you ? my letter ...? top 5 percentile , Law Review , salary be no object ...? this last detail apparently jog Eddie 's memory . eddie that 's right . they start trudging to the subway station . Roger awkwardly lug he suitcase , garment bag , duffel bag and briefcase . eddie here , lemme help you . he grab the briefcase . ext . sheridan square - later several street converge here ; so do gay , yuppy , and diehard bohemian . as Eddie and Roger emerge from the irt station , and cross 7th Avenue : roger ... read you chase Manhattan bombing case summation in the ' 71 leftist Law anthology ... Eddie life and work over a landmark cigar store and a eyesore of a all - night deli . as he unlock the downstairs door , Roger take in the seedily picturesque Square . roger so this be greenwhich Village ? Eddie smile . somewhere between sarcastic and self - efface : eddie yes Roger . you have arrive . he start up the stair . Roger follow . int . law office bald rug , macrame hang thing , birdcage , salvation Army couch . two leather - clad scarecrow pace ; a teenage girl with blue hair squat on the floor , comforting she squalling infant . then there 's the slick young couple in Ralph lauren polo ensemble , here with a furtive straight - arrow who scan the Wall Street Journal . a crew-cutte secretary ( billy ) type with one hand , grab the ringing phone with the other . to judge by she type and telephone skill , she be hire for she capacity to manage this menagerie . Roger have struggle up the stair , behind Eddie . though he quickly note the office 's squalor and questionable clientele , what catch he eye be the trio of crack and yellowing photograph tack on a wall in the foyer . Eddie in he late - '60 glory day : on a dais , ignite a anti-war rally . hugging a pair of Black panther outside a courtroom , he face suffuse with joy . in a swarm of student activist outside a Federal courthouse , hold on the shoulder of the crowd like a conquer hero . as he gaze linger on the photograph : roger ... and re-read that summation till I know it verbatim . you be my age when you defend that case . Eddie edgily push Roger past the photo . eddie I be never you age . the scarecrow clamor for Eddie , e.g. , " you gotta call my parole officer ! " and " do we get the continuance ? " Eddie ignore . address he secretary . eddie billy -- this here 's Roger , the new assistant . Eddie wheel away , answer the ringing phone ( grunt a perfunctory promise into it ) , then gesture for straight - Arrow and slick couple to come into he inner office . Roger start to follow , but Eddie shut he inner office door behind he . billy you want to be a " assistant " or a " associate " ? Roger turn to see billy tug on she denim jacket . billy some of they like " assistant , " some like " associate " . up to you . roger -- how many other be there ? as billy , wear a slight smirk , bustles out the door : billy you be the current one . Roger wistfully watch she go . os , he hear : man' voice you Eddie 's new partner ? scarecrow 1 be stand a tad too close for comfort . still , Roger be grateful for the attempt at friendliness . roger not exactly . well , kind of . Roger flinch , let out a involuntary yelp as scarecrow grab he lapel , shake he . scarecrow you gotta call my parole officer ! CUT to : int . courthouse corridor - day - a few week later a spruce assistant d.a. ( glenn fulton ) jauntily exit a courtroom . follow by a grim-face Eddie , with Roger and clyde gruner , a sullen , street - harden punk . eddie ( to he client ) clyde , you wait here . ( to the d.a. ) Glenn , get a minute ? fulton I have a minute before the mapp hearing -- but I could not get you on the phone , Eddie ... eddie yeah , well I have reasonable cause to believe the judge might have hear of the fourth amendment . we track with fulton , Eddie and Roger as they thread through the throng of milling lawyer , client , relation and cop . fulton hey -- gruner be catch with three pound of methedrine . the legality of the search and seizure be the only issue . the judge refuse to exclude the evidence . no deal . he turn a corner . so do Eddie . eddie no it 's not the only issue . there 's another issue , for the jury . what about entrapment ? fulton what about entrapment ? fulton veer into the Men 's room . Eddie follow . int . men' room Roger enter , behind Eddie . eddie Glenn , the government send a undercover cop to dangle the lure of fantastic profit before clyde gruner 's eye . anyone so sorely tempt might succumb ! Roger linger at the sink as Eddie follow fulton to the urinal . eddie we do not prosecute people because in the abstract they might be weak . judge Brandeis say it best : entrapment be a " dirty business ! " fulton can not I take a simple piss without -- Eddie 's voice tremble with outrage and inspiration . eddie do not you see ? plant the idea of be a criminal be just one step away from plant the evidence ! fulton flush . grudgingly : fulton have not hear that one before , ed. ( zip up , sigh ) but I guess I will be hearing it again . eddie not necessarily ... Roger back out of the bathroom . int . corridor clyde be stand out here . Roger have nothing to say to clyde . he go to the water fountain for a very long sip . CUT to : int . law office - early evening at this hour , the office be empty . as eddie and roger enter : billy nevins stop by . it 's on you desk . as he lope toward he inner office : eddie we plead out clyde gruner to five year ' probation . billy score another point for truth and justice . Eddie stop , shoot billy a " fuck you too " look . then turn to Roger and staunchly reaffirm : eddie the last struggle for constitutional rights be be wage over drug ... int . inner office atop he desk be a package wrap in newspaper . Eddie tear it open , revealing small bill bundle with rubber band . as he count the cash : eddie and we be in the ring , Roger , do battle with Big brother . Roger turn away from the drug money , embarrassed and ashamed . CUT to : int . outer office - night - later now billy be go as well . roger sit in he cramped anteroom of a office , mechanically make note . os , there 's a knock . roger ' S ' open . he do not bother look up -- who care which East Village doper or yuppie coke dealer it be ? but then he hear : woman ( o.s. ) ... Edward dowd ? angle - two oriental women be in the outer office . one be college - age , assimilate . the other be in she early 40s , with the aspect of a immigrant . a vinyl satchel be sling over she shoulder . the young woman have come -- reluctantly , it seem -- to translate for the older . translator Edward dowd , please . Roger get up from he desk . hurries into the big room . roger I be Roger Baron -- Mr. dowd 's associate . can I help you ? the immigrant anxiously peer past Roger . she know he 's not Edward dowd . translator Mrs. Kim need a lawyer . her son stab a man to death . in response Mrs. Kim -- who evidently understand English -- make a passionate point , in a foreign tongue . translator it be self - defense . in prison . this clarification elicit another burst from Mrs. Kim . roger ( call ) Eddie ... translator ( amend ) he do not belong there in the first place . eight year for a murder he do not commit . ( add ) I be she neighbor 's daughter . without turn away : roger Eddie ... finally Eddie come stride in from he office . waving away a cloud of pot smoke that 's follow he out . he give the woman he patent reassure smile . eddie I be Eddie dowd . what 's up ? Mrs. Kim start in again , rapid-fire . the translator spew : translator her son do not shoot anybody . he 's the wrong guy . you meet he , you see he would not stab a guy for fun . eddie he shot a man and stab a man ? Mrs. Kim violently shake she head as she chatter . translator he do not shoot anybody ! eight year in jail ! the wrong guy ! a good boy . from a fine home in Seoul , Korea . shu Kai Kim . Mrs. Kim finally quiet . the translator take a breath . and explain : translator that 's he name . shu Kai Kim . Eddie nod , solemnly take all this in . then : eddie I will bet he 's a wonderful boy . Roger watch Eddie , to see where he 's go . hide he disappointment when he hear : eddie but I can not help he . you see I have a specialty . lawyer specialize , Mrs. Kim , and this day I do mostly ... he do not bother explain . eddie anyway , I could not even go see you son without look at the file on he case , first . in response Mrs. Kim swing she satchel -- bulg with shu 's file -- into Eddie 's arm . it 's like take a medicine ball to the chest . when he catch he breath : eddie how do you find I ? translator ( over Mrs. Kim ) she go to all the courthouse . she talk to pot smoker , pill seller ... they all speak of you , they all say the same thing . Eddie can not help but puff up a little . eddie what do they say ? Mrs. Kim answer in Korean . translator hesitates . then : translator you do case cheap . Roger stifles a laugh . Eddie lower Mrs. Kim 's satchel to the floor and place a hand on she shoulder . eddie tell you what . Mr. Baron and I will review you material and get back to you as soon as possible . Mrs. Kim intently peer at Eddie to gauge he sincerity . he boldly meet she gaze as he steer she to the door . eddie thank you for stop by . evidently convinced , Mrs. Kim make a parting remark . translator she thanks you in advance for save she son . Eddie flash one last smile , then close the door on the woman . Roger shake he head , bemuse and move . roger " she thanks you in advance for save she son . " he pick up the vinyl satchel , start pull out papers . Eddie feel compel to poison the moment . eddie talk about hard - sell , huh ? he snort , incredulous , as he cross the room . eddie show I a guy who 's not somebody 's son . Roger look up at this remark . then set down the satchel . int . eddie' inner office Eddie have re-lit he evening joint . as he settles back to enjoy it , there 's Roger in the doorway . eddie -- hit ? Rather than reach for the joint , Roger mop he brow . roger whew . that be close ... we almost defend a guy who be not a dealer . who know , might even be innocent . Eddie chuckle , defensive . then : eddie we have a full caseload , rog . roger right , I forget ... we be pledge to protect every mid-level drug dealer in the tri-state area . ( shiver ) it 's a awesome responsibility . eddie I do not venerate drug dealer , Roger . to the contrary . roger of course . the outer office eddie ... through use of informant , eavesdropp , unreasonable search and seizure ...! roger right . you be right . eddie damn right I be right . Roger start for the door . stops. turn . roger it 's just ... I leave behind friend , family , a coupla good job offer in Chicago and in three dizzying week I have help acquit a coke dealer , a speed dealer -- eddie I specialize , Roger ... roger -- a angel dust dealer -- eddie I be not a kid anymore , I can not be all over the map -- roger -- a speed manufacturer -- eddie so go take you job on Wall Street . roger do not tell I where to work . I move to New York to work for Edward dowd . but I can not believe that Edward dowd have nothing better to do this day than invoke exalt legal issue to get off guilty little -- eddie hey . you plan to be a criminal defense attorney , know this go in : everybody 's guilty . this busy Roger 's silence , for two beat . then , sadly : roger you would not have say that ten year ago . he grab he briefcase . start for the door . as he swing it open he hear : eddie ten year be a long time . roger ( stop , turn ) look -- I be tired , I will see you in the morning , Eddie . Eddie watch he walk out . drop the joint and vengefully grind it out on the floor . to the close door : eddie Long time . alone , now , he survey he shabby domain and sigh , deeply . as he exhales , Eddie seem to be try to blow away all the pot smoke that have cloud the room and shroud he heart . then he shamble across the office and through the door that lead to he live quarter . we track with eddie past a kitchenette equip with no labor - save device into : int . bedroom small , and beyond spartan . single bed in one corner , plain wooden bureau opposite . the only color be provide by Eddie 's festive trial tie , casually strewn . Eddie 's bedroom be not unlike a cell we see at the beginning of the movie . Eddie stand at the window , try to stare past the security bar into the New York night . but all he can see be he reflection . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - early next morning roger be rouse from sleep by a persistent knocking . he stumble out of bed , stagger to the door . roger -- yeah ? eddie' voice ( through the door ) we be late . let 's get go ! Roger open up . Eddie look alarmingly revve . roger where ? eddie ossine correctional facility . sing sing . everybody 's innocent there , man ... just ask them ... ext . route 9 - later wending north along the Hudson . angle Eddie 's rusty old buick riviera as it wheeze its way upstate . over : roger' voice at 16 shu Kai Kim emigrate with he family from Korea to New York ... int . riviera - moving Roger extract the pertinent info from the newspaper clipping in Mrs. Kim 's file . roger Kim get bust at 19 for burglary . at 20 he be convict in the shoot death of a young chinese gang lord ... the prosecution claim Kim do it to get into " the Joe boy " ? eddie Chinatown street gang . roger Kim deny it . but he admit the gun be he , and he get life . seem to have be a okay prisoner for eight year , till the ... incident with duane lindeman . eddie -- the Nazi he knife ? but Roger be stare ahead now , speechless . through the windshield the turret and watchtower of the ossine correctional facility loom ... all too real ... CUT to : int . prison two correction officer lead the lawyer through a security checkpoint . int . conference room the room be large and bare but for a long wooden table , four chair . leaden light leak through one high , bar window . Eddie and Roger , on one side of the table , anxiously wait . Roger jump at the crunch of a deadbolt lock , turn . two hefty officer enter escort shu , in manacle . one pull out the chair for shu , the other sit he down . Eddie wait for they to back out of the room and re-lock the door . eddie I be Eddie dowd . I be a lawyer . this here 's Roger Baron -- also a lawyer . shu 's eye , beady and suspicious , bore into Roger . Roger want to smile . but he can not . he stare down at he notebook . now shu peruse Eddie 's long hair , peculiar suit . shu my mother find you ? eddie that 's right . shu figure . eddie ( undaunted ) want to tell I what go down here ? shu ( very slowly ) racist asshole come at I . eddie exactly what happen then ? shu ( coolly ) I kill the motherfucker . eddie ... okay ... Roger be now furiously scribbling note ; we can almost hear he whimper . eddie the night that kid be shot to death in Chinatown , you be ... where ? shu do not answer . Eddie reach into he jacket pocket , pull out a pack of cigarettes . offer one to shu . shu wordlessly pluck the cigarette from he finger , careful to avoid any contact . Eddie light it . now Roger will himself to look up from he notebook . roger at the trial , you say you be at you apartment that night . alone . eddie -- remember ? shu ( stubbornly ) that 's eight year ago . Long time . he study he cigarette . no -- he 's stare at the shackle on he wrist . stare for one , two , three beat . gravely : shu Real long time . Eddie 's eye flicker : he 's hear that phrase , or one quite like it , somewhere before . CUT to : ext . prison - late afternoon the lawyer head for Eddie 's riviera , in the visitor 's lot . roger ... so what would we claim ? he stab duane lindeman in self - defense ? eddie with two knife tape to he hand ? forget it , rog . Roger sigh . shrug . roger I feel like I have be mug ... guy scared the shit out of I . you make you point , Eddie ... I be relieved we be not take the case . eddie we be take the other case . roger what other case ? eddie eight year ago . the Chinatown hit . Roger stare , baffle , as Eddie orate . eddie some gang punk get waste in front of the tourist . the mayor pressure the cop . the cop pressure the rival gang -- the Joe boy . the joe give up shu Kai Kim -- the schmuck kid from Korea who 's be pester them to get in . roger you really think that 's what happen ? eddie I do not know but it make one hell of a open statement . as they reach the riviera , Eddie 's in he all - the-world 's - a - courtroom mode ; i.e. , he shout , do semaphore . eddie we prove shu should never have be imprison in the first place , d.a. will back off the lindeman charge ...! the lawyer climb in . omit roger -- easy as that , huh ? eddie easy ? no ... we have to find some piece of evidence that get bury , to reopen the sucker . roger ... be you sure we want that ? Eddie shift into gear . pensive , now , as he steer out of the prison parking lot : eddie he 's a victim , Roger . he deserve to see the sun again , breathe the air . he 's be in prison too goddamn long . CUT to : ext . STREET - late night - a few day later a block of warehouse in lower Manhattan , under the shadow of the West side highway . out of the drizzly darkness come the riviera , headlight douse . the car groans to a halt . Eddie and Roger climb out . furtively glance around ... Roger follow Eddie to the fortify entrance of one of the warehouse . Eddie knock ( in a pattern ) on the reinforce steel door . Three set of tumblers turn . the door open . fill the doorframe be the impose silhouette of a man in nike , chino and windbreaker that must be standard issue for plainclothes cop . in a darth vader voice : cop ( tommy ) okay . c'mon . int . warehouse black . then Tommy flick on a row of overhead , lighting a long , tall aisle of gunmetal gray locker . aisle after aisle , in shadow , to either side . reverently , to Roger : eddie ... the exhibit warehouse . end of the aisle - later Tommy pace , check he timex . Eddie and Roger squat on the asphalt , sifting through pile of paper . each have two large box to process . roger transcript ... transcript ... exhibit ... he pause to to contemplate a grisly photo . insert - the photo a man 's face , in 3 / 4 profile , with gape entrance wound above the leave eye . the man be young , asian , very dead . scene Roger hurriedly tuck the picture away . but the next item he come upon be : roger -- the murder weapon . he gingerly hold a seal plastic bag sagging with the weight of a handgun . roger they find four of shu 's fingerprint on this thing . Eddie impatiently glance over . eddie when do you start work for the goddam d.a .? roger Eddie ... I do not know about this ... but Eddie have already resume he search . dissolve to : a hour later . Roger hold a form , yellow with age . roger Eddie ... what 's a dd - 5 ? eddie a complaint follow - up form . roger -- listen : " November 5 , 1980 . cecil stipe walk into 5th precinct . say he witness Chin shoot , see suspect 's picture in Post . say shu Kai Kim wrong man . " eddie " cecil stipe " ? have we see any affadavit with that name ? Roger look at Eddie , slowly shake he head . time stop . Roger look back down at the memo . read : roger " also say he know who kill Kennedy . " time start again . Roger let the memo flutter to the floor . eddie keep look . something will turn up . dissolve to : eddie' hand reaching for another sheaf of document . rifling through the page , run he index finger down column of text ... end of the aisle - dawn pile of paper everywhere . by the lawyer ' haggard look , we know something do not turn up . Tommy survey the mess . tommy clean - up time . Eddie look up , exhaust -- but scheme , still . eddie how 's you brother , Tommy ? tommy you keep he out of the slammer and I thank you , dowd . but if you be not go before the day shift show up , I be back to empty parking meter . Eddie survey all this evidence , that they have be through twice . look over at Roger . eddie that dd - 5 . roger what , the lunatic who -- eddie " cecil stipe . " find it . CUT to : ext . macdougal STREET - morning - two day later kitty greer stride down the West Village street . Kitty 's 40 , once cute , now simply sexy , and not apologetic about it . int . caffe reggio the hangout that time forget . Kitty find the table where Eddie and Roger sip espresso . with study detachment : kitty hi Eddie . Eddie stand . pull out Kitty 's chair . eddie Roger Baron , Kitty greer. ( to Kitty ) Roger 's my new associate . top of he class at Michigan Law . Kitty smile at Roger . kitty you read Eddie 's chase Manhattan bomb summation in the leftist Law anthology ? roger -- Eddie tell you ? Eddie clear he throat . Kitty smile some more . kitty my skip-trace turn up two cecil stipe . one 's in butte , Montana . other 's at riverhead Veteran psychiatric . roger I will take odd on cecil number two . kitty so what would this guy do ? snitch off a dealer ? eddie ( casually ) murder witness . kitty you be do a murder case ? eddie it have not be that long . Kitty disagree . she start count the year , to herself , on she finger . before she can run out of finger : eddie stipe be just one of four eyewitness who come forward , Kitty . y'oughta start look for the other ... kitty Eddie , I be not work on this case . you boy have fun . she check she watch . kitty I have business back on Planet Earth . she stand . eddie lemme guess . some corporate v.p. 's bang he secretary over lunch and you have to focus you camera and plug in you little tape recorder . kitty beat get pay in twenty by slimedogs sell angel dust to high school senior . eddie Kitty , where exactly do you place the microphone to catch the most incriminate moan ? Roger be try to disappear behind he espresso cup . kitty just which constitutional amendment protect we right to pedal pcp ? eddie forget it . you have blow you chance to participate in this case , Kitty . kitty I be kick myself , Eddie ... right out of here . she briskly exit the coffeehouse . Eddie turn to Roger . wearing a little grin . eddie we get she . CUT to : ext . riverhead veteran psychiatric - day a gray edifice just outside a blue-collar Long Island town . as Eddie and Roger enter : eddie you have to gently pressure a guy like this to test whether he will keep it together on the stand ... int . dayroom - close on cecil stipe hollow -ey , tousle -haire , late-30s . in pajama bottom and a olive- drab t-shirt . stipe Dr. berger say you g-guy need to talk to I ...? wide - the dayroom depress in proportion to the attempt to make it cheery . Eddie and Roger sit at a round wooden table we last see in nursery school . as he pull out a chair , for a wary stipe : eddie 'lo , cecil . stipe see-cil . eddie see-cil . I be Eddie dowd , this be Roger Baron . we be lawyer . stipe look at Roger . then at Eddie . to Eddie : stipe you be a l-lawyer ? ( beat ) I ... I have not have my med , or m-my vital sign t-taken yet . I ... roger Mr. stipe . a young man name Jimmy Chin be shot to death eight year ago , in Chinatown . do you remember talk to the police ? stipe ( beat , then ) that guy they arrest -- he be the wrong g-guy . eddie cecil , we want to reopen the case , and we can not without you testimony . I want to use what you have to say so badly -- but I must add , my friend , that I think you be fuck full of shit . Roger wince : this be " gentle pressure " ? roger I think what Eddie want to say be -- stipe no ! they g- get the wrong guy ! I see it ! the killer be not chinese . eddie oh come on , cecil . stipe hey , chinese people have this energy field that vibrate at a particular frequency . Eddie and Roger trade glance . then : roger uh , cecil ... what 's all this about the Kennedy assassination ? stipe 's voice go hollow . he should have know . stipe you be from the company . he anxiously peer past the lawyer -- as though look for a hospital orderly , as though look for help . roger ( incredulous ) CIA ? stipe telephone . ( sarcastic ) I suppose you do not know the phone company kill Kennedy because he be try to b-break it up -- and they will never let that happen . they control everything : what you say in the mouthpiece be never exactly what come out the other end , and -- roger the phone company be break up . stipe ( with mute contempt ) and you b-believe that . eddie -- cecil. ( place he hand over stipe 's ) be you what heroes be make of ? stipe look down at Eddie 's hand , touch he own . wait for a lethal bolt of electricity . but nothing happen . stipe I do two tour in ' nam ... eddie good . now we be go to take a affadavit from you , but only concern the fact of the Chinatown shoot . we honestly do not give a shit about the Kennedy assassination . stipe consider whether Eddie and Roger might be on the level . eddie be you willing to testify that the man you see shoot Jimmy Chin be not the man the cop arrest ? stipe they g- get the wrong g-guy . eddie when the d.a. hear I file the writ , he will send someone here , maybe claim to be a journalist . that person will ask you lot of question . just be truthful , cecil , okay ? to all of we ? stipe I always t-tell the truth . ( sad smile ) that 's why I be here . CUT to : int . federal district court - morning - six week later no jury . cecil stipe on the stand . Hair freshly cut , beard trim . in a suit no worse than Eddie 's best . Eddie speak softly , so as not to excite the mental patient . eddie ... you tell the desk sergeant you be certain Mr. Kim be not the killer ? ( stipe nod ) you leave you telephone number ? stipe y-y , sir . eddie do the police make any attempt to phone you , to follow up ? stipe no , s-sir . eddie thank you , Mr. stipe . Eddie rejoin Roger at the defense table . judge Mr. rabin ? you may cross-examine . Assistant d.a. dean rabin , 30 , jump up -- alert and vigilant , as though he be the bodyguard of justice herself . rabin Mr. stipe , for how long have you be a patient at the riverhead Veteran psychiatric Hospital ? overlap , Eddie leap up , roar : eddie objection , you honor ! the fact that the witness be currently a patient be immaterial ! judge sustain . rabin alright . Mr. stipe , how long have you reside at the riverhead Veteran -- judge Mr. rabin , you be out of line . the question be stricken . but so , unfortunately , be stipe : he whole body twitches . now rabin move in for the kill . rabin Mr. stipe : you be under oath to tell the truth and nothing but the truth . who kill President Kennedy ? eddie -- objection ! irrelevant ! the witness be not a expert in -- rabin ( overlap ) you honor , the question relate directly to the witness 's bail - stipe ( overlap ; tremulous ) I would l-like to answer the question . eddie Mr. rabin have no right to -- close - stipe he 's answer . but , give the din of the lawyer ' battle , he can not be hear . until the judge pound he gavel . stipe Lee ... h- harvey ... oswald . to mouth this hideous lie have tax all stipe 's strength and self - control . in mid-argument , Eddie stop shouting . he sit . rabin never mind , you honor . he 's leave sheepishly smile at the judge , who 's wonder what the hell that be about . CUT to : int . prison cell block - that afternoon shu be escort along the tier by two c.o.s . int . conference room enter the two c.o.s , with shu . eddie and roger wait here . eddie shu , the judge have order a retrial in the Chinatown murder case . shu 's lip move . no sound emerge . roger if we can prove reasonable doubt on you imprisonment eight year ago , we feel sure the d.a. will reduce the charge in lindeman 's death . you may get out of here much sooner . now shu be stand , breathe hard . shu do I -- have to be in the courtroom ? Eddie know that shu be not eager to relive the last trial . eddie the State will not want to retry a eight - year - old case ... at the pre - trial conference , a offer will be make . odd be we will cut some kinda deal . Roger be search shu 's face for a ray of hope . instead he hear , constrict : shu -- I can not pay you . roger ( gently ) that 's okay , shu . we be not billing . this make shu even more uncomfortable . his eye bore into Eddie 's , search for a answer . finally Eddie supplies it . eddie you have do enough time , shu . shu hold Eddie 's gaze for a beat . then he nod . and then , without expression , he back out of the Conference room . CUT to : close - x-ray positive as we contemplate a man 's shattered skull we hear : roger accord to the evidence , the bullet , the wound , the powder burn , shu 's gun -- they be a perfect match . int . eddie' inner office Eddie sit at he desk , across from Roger . eddie hey . the cop tell the eyewitness , " do not doubt you id , we get them dead on the gun . " meantime they tell they ballistic expert , " hey , it 's cool -- three people see the guy fire the gun . " it 's a game , man . and you know what ? as Eddie continue , Roger queasily flip through a stack of forensic exhibit . we see x- ray positive of Jimmy Chin 's skull , print of microscopic autopsy slide ... eddie in the eight year since the first trial , advance in forensic ballistic analysis will enable we to piss on the evidence . the phone start ringing . now the door swing open -- it 's kitty . as she casually strip off she overcoat : kitty of the prosecution 's three original eyewitness , one 's dead , one 's move to montreal and will not budge ... Kitty catch Roger watch she with a look of pleasant surprise . with a little smile : kitty you get this ? roger -- every word . kitty ( sit ) but they have still get Laura Gordon -- and she be the close , about 20 foot from the killer . Eddie appear untrouble . eddie gee , maybe she see the gun . he pull a joint from the desk drawer and light up . roger do you have to do that ? eddie " have to " ? no ... he take a hit . then turn to Kitty . eddie start look into the Joe boy -- who assign the hit in 1980 , what rank generally do the hit ... ( pointedly ) you extensive law enforcement contact should be of some use . kitty ( to Roger ) I be never politically correct enough for comrade dowd . the phone start ringing again . shout through the wall : eddie billy ... no result . so Eddie pick up , as Kitty and Roger continue talking , in b.g . eddie yeah . who ? Eddie grind out he joint . signal he colleague to shut up . his customary braggadocio give way to bafflement : eddie put he through . ( then ) speak . ( listen , then ) sure . Fine . see you then . Eddie hang up . eddie that be Donald reynard . Roger have hear of reynard . with a trace of incredulity : roger the Manhattan d.a.? CUT to : ext . new york athletic club on Central Park South . where Manhattan 's oligarch go to stay hungry . several generation of wasp stride in and out , attache case in they leave hand , racquet in they right . eddie hurriedly enter this sanctum of health and wealth , too self - conscious to notice the startle wasp notice he . int . club bar with a rare Book room ambience . a maitre D ' steer a edgy Eddie past power broker who stop broker , briefly , to gape at this bizarre interloper . excepting one self - absorb magnate who pontificate on the trade gap at four reporter . Eddie be deliver to a table in the center of the room . settle here , sip a scotch , be Manhattan d.a. donald reynard : mid-40s , sharp - feature , soigne . at reynard 's elbow sit Dean rabin . wearing a vindictive little grin . maitre d' Mr. reynard ...? head bow , Eddie awkwardly thrust out a hand . eddie Edward T. dowd . reynard ( shaking ) Don reynard . he offer Eddie a seat . indicate the human terrier at he side . reynard of course you know Dean rabin , one of my Assistant d.a.s . Dean generally handle nuisance case like the ... what 's the man 's name ? eddie shu Kai Kim . reynard you will not remember this , but in ' 72 I be one of several prosecutor assign to the Black panther - Police shootout . ( laugh ) we have a whole team , and you walk into court by yourself and kick we collective butt . ( beat ) so what have you be up to since then ? eddie this and that . reynard my staff tell I it 's be mostly drug pusher ... I say that can not be the same Edward dowd . eddie ( evenly ) it 's in the area of narcotic , Mr. reynard , that the government trample on the fourth amendment . reynard let 's not drag the constitution into this . rabin can contain himself no longer . rabin Mr. dowd , you use the testimony of a paranoid schizophrenic to overturn a murder conviction that have stand unchallenge for eight year . now we do not intend to sit back and -- reynard hold up a palm , silencing rabin . reynard what you do be very cynical . I be annoyed with you , Ed . clearly a supreme understatement . eddie I be sorry if I have ruin you day , Mr. reynard . but my client 's have a rough eight year behind bar and -- reynard you client be guilty . do not dick around with I . rabin glow . he 's get revenge , albeit vicariously . reynard back in the seventy I spend year put away gangster in a colombian syndicate call " the ochoa " . this guy be very dangerous , Ed . when I hear that a small - time dope lawyer be connive to spring one of this guy , I see red . eddie I would have that check , Mr. reynard . reynard be not amused . reynard now maybe you get this case reopen because you see yourself as a thorn in society 's side , or you want to walk into any restaurant in Chinatown and get free dumpling ... eddie be you imply that my motive be less than sincere ? reynard yes , but that 's not the issue . what 's on you wish list , Ed ? plead Kim out to first degree man on both homicide , with a agree sentence of 15 to life run concurrent ? come on ... what be you look for here ? eddie what be I look for ? you be the one talk deal . reynard Friday 's the drop-dead date on the offer . eddie please do not bullshit I , Mr. reynard . you have get witness problem , you have get proof problem ... reynard you be my only problem , Ed . what do it take to make you go away ? Eddie do not have to ponder long . eddie 8 - 1 / 3 on both count to run concurrent , and credit for time serve . reynard pretend to do some calculation . reynard I see : he would walk out next month . eddie that 's right . reynard we reconvict , you man 's look at 25 year on two count , serve consecutively . so what I would like to ask , Ed , be : be you joke ? eddie ( rise ) I never joke about waive a client 's Sixth amendment right to trial . reynard you be pissing I off again , Ed . eddie you know you be very tense , Mr. reynard . y'oughta take a week off , fly the wife and kid to oahu . Eddie turn . as he lope away -- reynard do not forget : after Friday , no deal . angle - a reporter at the Trade gap table sniff a story . int . corridor Eddie wait for the elevator . and hear a confidential : reporter Excuse I ... Len Davis . Eddie turn . reporter look like you have wriggle up reynard 's ass ... what give ? eddie you be not a reporter ...? reporter Daily News . he reach for he press card . the elevator arrive . eddie I can not talk to you . Eddie board . slow enough that the reporter have time to follow he in . the door close . int . lobby - on the elevator door as it open ; Eddie and the reporter step out . the reporter madly scribbles note as Eddie declaim . eddie ... not say there be a conspiracy . Law enforcement be too disorganize for that ... no , I suspect sloth be the culprit -- lassitude ... my client make a convenient patsy ... they stride past camera , Eddie just warming up , as we : CUT to : int . caffe reggio - next night at this hour , the espresso have give way to red wine . kitty , eddie , roger and assort West Village character have take over a table in the middle of the room . roger " Edward c. dowd , retain to defend Mr. Kim , have disclose that a witness will corroborate Mr. Kim 's alibi " ? Roger read from the Daily News -- everyone at the table have a copy . on a inner page be a file photo of Eddie under the headline " stun revelation in ' wrong man ' murder case . " eddie I embellish . kitty " dowd also report that he team of private investigator ... " ? eddie I embroider . kitty " ... be close to name the man they believe actually kill Jimmy Chin " ? eddie I lie . Roger give Eddie a thin smile . roger shoulda tell the one about shu be the bastard child of mother theresa . eddie ( smile back ) save it for the Sunday Times . Eddie stand , stretch . eddie I be head home -- get some sleep ... ext . macdougal STREET - night as Eddie start north , a STREET dealer call from the shadow : omit STREET dealer hey Eddie ... loose joint ? buy one , get one free . eddie I get them all free . on sheridan square Eddie cross seventh Avenue . pull out he key , to let himself into he building . os , hear : voice hey , Eddie . a man stand , silhouett , at the top of the subway stair . man spare a quarter ? eddie reach back into he pocket . and get raked across the jaw with a short length of pipe . he assailant be a muscular punk in a black sleeveless t-shirt . two black teardrop tattooe on he cheek . in a whisper : punk Race traitor . gook lover . int . subway stair the punk fling a stunne Eddie halfway down the stair , to continue the beat out of plain sight . on the landing , the man bob back and forth , drunken dance partner -- -- and then Eddie manage to grab the punk 's face , squeezing it with he ebbing strength , smudging the teardrop . eddie puzzle , for a instant , at the smear " tattoo " . the punk sense something 's awry . in he eye , a flicker of panic . scene then the punk 's eye go cold again as he smashes Eddie 's head against the tile . as Eddie collapse : punk enemy of the Aryan people . punctuate with a kick of he combat boot . Eddie curl up to protect himself . punk commie . faggot . motherfucker . Jew . eddie ( gasp ) -- only half . for this , Eddie get another kick . then the ultimatum , tell as a " confucious say " joke : punk Aryan Warrior say : if the chink go to trial , you die . Eddie groan , he eye roll back . fade to black . while the screen stay black , we hear : detective 1's voice in my humble opinion , Mr. dowd , you open a pandora 's box of ugly shit . int . police headquarters - night - later eddie , in the detective bullpen -- ice pack press to he bruise jaw -- leaf through a mugbook . roger , beside he , address a detective , across the desk . roger oh , Eddie deserve this . I guess rape victim want to get laid at gunpoint . but Eddie could care less . indicating the mugbook : eddie this be all the know Aryan Warrior in New York ? in the book mugshot and description , four to a page . several subject sport the teardrop tattoo . detective ( o.s. ) every last delightful one . scene Eddie stop paging . squint . close - a mugshot of the punk . sure enough , no teardrop on he face . his name : chuckie roeder . Eddie 's hand enter frame . his fingertip still smudge with black ink , from roeder 's cheek . back to scene Eddie study the photo , he fingertip . abruptly shut the mugbook . eddie y'do not mind , I will look some more tomorrow . start to see double . ext . police headquarters as they emerge , Roger grip Eddie 's upper arm , to steady he . quietly : eddie his name be chuckie roeder . but something 's very weird . roger -- you find he mugshot ? they round the corner . in b.g. be the County coroner 's Office ; official ambulance be double - park in front . eddie the tear ... they be not real . Roger give Eddie a question look . omit CUT to : ext . expressway - late night as we tighten on Eddie 's wheeze riviera we hear , over : roger' voice I do not believe we be go to talk to a bunch of Nazis . at night . eddie' voice they only think they be Nazis . int . riviera - moving Roger drive . Eddie , in the passenger seat , massage he swollen jaw . in he free hand be scribble direction . eddie they be just frighten , fuck - up loser that prison fuck up worse . roger ( tense , snap ) I do not ask for a close argument . eddie there 's no one else to talk to . the tattoo be phony ! roger -- yeah ? eddie so a upstand member of the Aryan Warrior would not paint they on . they take that teardrop seriously -- they be badge of courage , of honor . only they most vicious killer elite get to wear they ...! roger I feel much better now . eddie hey , clyde gruner sell this guy a pound of crystal meth at cost . we be clyde 's buddy , it 's cool . ( check the direction ) next exit . CUT to : ext . row house - late night a desolate , sub-work - class -outpost on staten Island . Eddie knock on a door . Roger wait with trepidation . the door be answer by : a boy towheaded , in pajamas . no more than eight year old . eddie hi there . be you daddy home ? int . aryan warrior house the little boy giggle , then lead Eddie and Roger through a nightmare live room strewn with pizza carton , shotgun shell and dogshit . a mac - 10 submachine gun be propped in a corner . in another corner , a old b&w tv . flicker across the screen : a rerun of " Love , american style . " two aryan warrior be slump in front of it , swigging generic beer while ogling the ' 60 bikini queen . now they sit up straight and reach for the gun as the lawyer pass , into : int . bedroom the little boy wrap he arm around a pair of leg . angle up on a young man whose face be marre by a single teardrop tattoo . eddie I be a friend of clyde gruner 's ... the wall be decorate with white power poster , portrait of Hitler and Jesus . teardrop we know who you be . you be the race traitor who 's defend the gook . o.s. we hear : man' voice you have get ball come here . Eddie and Roger turn . behind they another Aryan warrior have materialize . chew a slim Jim . slim jim we respect ball . Roger exhales . eddie who 's chuckie roeder ? teardrop Chuck ? rhyme with suck ? ( cackle , then ) chuckie roeder be no longer a comrade in the resurrection of we nation . we expell that faggot junkie last year . Eddie and Roger trade glance . eddie do you know where he can be find ? teardrop hanging with he tongue out and a sign around he neck say " I betray my Race " along with the rest of society 's scum , on the great Day of the rope . roger um ... prior to the great Day of the rope , where can chuckie be find ? teardrop mixing with mongrel race . eddie -- a job ? a address ? teardrop do not answer . hope to help he out : slim jim Art supplies , right ? teardrop shoot a look at slim Jim . if look could kill , slim Jim 's brain would be decorate the wall . teardrop turn back to Eddie and Roger . teardrop now get the fuck out of here . instead Eddie step forward , in teardrop 's face . eddie a man jump I tonight . he say he be a Aryan warrior , and you be say he be not . I have to hear it really clear : you guy be not behind this . very slowly , so Eddie get it straight : teardrop if we be , you would not be stand here , ask . CUT to : int . riviera - moving - early morning Route 9 , North . a excited Roger drive , a little wildly , on the empty road . Eddie stare out into the night . CUT to : ext . ossining correctional facility - daybreak roger be asleep , in the back seat of the riviera . pan to : eddie at the main gate , that be not open yet . Eddie stand still , head bow , hand clasped behind he back . a supplicant . wait to get in . int . visitors room - morning - later Eddie and shu be separate by a plexiglass pane . they talk over telephone . shu strive to remain impassive as he hear : eddie ( o.s. ) shu , the d.a. 's offer we a deal . I can make a counter - offer I know he would accept . you would be free in four year . shu 's response : shu who do that to you ? Eddie worry he discolor jaw . eddie a Aryan warrior with black teardrop paint on he face . shu " paint " ? Eddie nod . shu that be not a Aryan warrior . Eddie nod . eddie but why would a guy would do that ? paint black teardrop on he face ? shu I guess he ... want you to think he be ... somebody he be not . eddie but why ? shu maybe ... because someone 's afraid . eddie afraid of what ? shu I do not know . the truth , maybe . eddie -- about what ? shu about Chinatown . what go down . eddie what go down ? shu you tell I , man . eddie no . you tell I , shu . shu how can I tell you what I do not know ! eddie you can not . so tell I what you do know -- say it ! shu I do not know shit , man ! goddammit -- eddie well I know that you be innocent , shu -- even if you forget . shu suck in a breath . the curse be like stifle sob . shu shit ... fuck ... bitch bastard ... tear be spilling down shu 's rock -hard cheek . Eddie bring he palm up against the plexiglass divider . he 's breathe hard too . eddie shu . we take this deal , that 's the end . I do not look for the scumbag that jump I , do not get he on the stand to tell the court who put he up to it , do not go after the fuck who put he up to it -- the fuck who do the crime and let you do the time ... we take this deal , we walk away without know what really go down , never get a shot at nail some guilty bastard 's ball to the wall . shu swipe at he face , roughly wiping it dry . shu no . eddie " no , " what ? now shu raise he palm . press it against the plexiglass , where Eddie 's palm be . slowly , emphatically : shu fuck the d.a. 's deal . CUT to : ext . chinatown STREET - dusk - various shot hungry tourist , hyper street vendor , harry local ... roasting chicken carcass , counterfeit merchandise aggressively hawk , tiny old lady bent over bin , squeezing strange fruit ... the air a shivaree of pipe - in flute and drum , dissonant mercantile chatter , clogge honk traffic ... on pell Street we find Eddie stride down the sidewalk , nose in trial transcript . to himself : eddie Jimmy come east on pell . he stop on the corner to a let a car go by . Eddie stop . eddie at the last instant he must have sense something . he turn -- Eddie look up from the text , turn he head . there 's : roger about twenty foot away . he look up from he transcript . roger Laura Gordon stand here . no bus stop , phone booth , stop sign in the way ... ( chagrine ) she have a perfect view of the killer 's face . Eddie adamantly shake he head as he move to Roger . eddie but she could not have , could she , because she think she see shu and now we know she do not see shu ... Roger look dubious . Eddie grab he shoulder , march he east on pell , the way Jimmy Chin come ... eddie you be cruise along without a care but now I be stalking you , I be right behind you , there 's rage in the air . you feel the rage , like a electrical charge -- you turn -- he yank Roger 's head around . eddie I pull out a load gun -- Eddie shape the finger of he right hand like a gun . eddie -- time contract , space explode , perception can not be trust when I -- Eddie violently whip he finger - gun into Roger 's face . Roger flinch -- we hear a shatter gunshot -- and we be in : int . forensic ballistics lab - a few day later a forensic ballistic expert ( GEORGE ) have just test - fire shu 's gun into a long wooden box . he and Roger remove they ear-protector . ( Eddie have not bother wear one . ) to Roger , as he open the box 's lid : GEORGE some guy in the field , they will try to bullshit you that comparison microscopy 's a exact science . roger ... not exactly . GEORGE I be say , we need to finesse a little , we will finesse . Eddie adamantly shake he head . eddie George -- I tell ya -- ! we do not need to finesse this one ! GEORGE Jesus ! jump back ... he recover the bullet with a pair of sterile forcep . GEORGE you wanna hang out , Eddie , I will have something preliminary in a hour . eddie my associate will wait , George . I have get good news of my own to deliver . CUT to : ext . criminal court build - day - later the d.a. 's office be on the south side of the building . receptionist ( v.o. ) be Mr. reynard expect you ? int . reynard reception area reynard 's receptionist be politely but terminally skeptical . eddie this will only take a minute . receptionist I be sorry but Mr. reynard be run about a hour behind schedule . eddie then just leave word : Mr. dowd and Mr. Kim plan to proceed with trial . int . corridor Grand , marble . Eddie 's footfalls echo as he lope to the stair . and now he hear a deep , sepulchral : man' voice ... Ed ? angle - ROBERT reynard stand at the far end of the corridor , shirt - sleeve roll up , arm akimbo . reynard do my girl hear you message correctly ? Eddie amble toward reynard . eddie I guess so , or you would not be stand there , be I right ? the d.a. shake he head , disappointed in himself . reynard why do I think I could deal reasonably with a man who defend coke pusher for free ? the lawyer face off , salvo reverberate . eddie Coke pusher pay cash . that subsidize the pot possession case . d.a.s slip past , careful to stay out of the line of fire . reynard but now you have stray from you area of expertise -- dope -- into street assassin . a subject on which you be dangerously ignorant . eddie but I be a quick study . tell you deputy d.a. -- rabin ? -- that I will see he in court . reynard no , Mr. dowd , you will see I in court . I be prosecute this case . Eddie take a beat to absorb the news . then : eddie why be I surprised ? it 's consistent . reynard nod in solemn accord . eddie you seem to have a talent for put non-white behind bar ... a frost settles on the District Attorney 's face . reynard I will prosecute anyone who fuck up . if that make I look racist , it 's a trade - off I will live with , Ed . eddie that 's big of you , Bob . he give reynard a farewell - for - now salute . eddie I will see vou in court . he do a little pirouette . reynard 's word , swell out , follow he as he dance down the hall . reynard I will beat you , Ed . you can hide behind the whole Bill of rights ... Eddie hurriedly descend the stair . CUT to : ext . west village - that night as we pan the quaint townhouse and tenement we hear , over : eddie' voice you guy shoulda be there . find a window in which three silhouettes be see . in the context of the cityscape , there 's a poignant -- even fearful -- sense of they smallness and isolation . eddie the fuckin' d.a. himself . int . outer office Eddie pace , gesticulates . eddie dude be quaking . finally Roger feel compel to deliver bad news . roger uh , Eddie ? the , um , ballistic guy , George ...? he call , and ... ( uneasily ) his test show that shu 's gun fire the bullet that kill Jimmy Chin . eddie George be a fuck burnout case . I do not want he on the stand anyway . get more name from billy . Eddie turn to Kitty . eddie do you find I a expert witness on the Joe boy ? Kitty be nearly as reluctant as Roger . kitty the best expert in New York be a soc professor at Columbia ... ( carefully ) apparently do a hit be the way to get into the Joe boy . Eddie level a " so what be you tell I ? " look at Kitty . kitty so there go you theory about the joe give up shu to protect they trigger man . eddie but I like that theory . and since I be not put twerp Professor on the stand , and since I do not have a better theory , I be stick with that theory . meantime I want picture of the joe . what will you bet there be a guy in the gang look enough like shu to fool the eyewitness ! Kitty and Roger halfheartedly nod . Eddie try a pep-talk . eddie we guy be innocent . we prod in enough place , I do not care how solid this case against shu look -- there 's a weak spot somewhere and when we hit it the whole hideous thing collapse . better yet , we get we hand on chuckie roeder , we do not have to grope in the dark . chuckie be the answer man ! Kitty snake she head . kitty I have phone every art supply retailer and wholesaler in the tri-state area . no one 's hear of chuckie roeder . eddie have you consider that chuckie roeder 's not call himself chuckie roeder this day ? get he mugshot from one of the many law officer who have get hotpant for you ... then canvass that art supplies place . we be gonna win this one , Kitty , but ya gotta believe ... roger uneasy with Eddie 's optimism , he stand , wander back toward the bathroom . then notice that the door lead to Eddie 's live quarter be slightly a jar . through the OPEN door Roger see a single bed in one corner , plain wooden bureau opposite . but on the wall , something strange and beckone . as Eddie exhort in b.g. , Roger slip into : int . eddie' bedroom hung on a hundred hook and nail be as many tie . the wide , thrift - shop kind that Eddie wear to court . from a distance we can not distinguish the print ; the room be light only by a blink neon across the street . as Roger sift through the tie , we go in close on the big amoebas , the zaftig mermaid , the oddball , date pattern and painting . it 's as though each tie stand for a case win or lose , but fight . as though each loud , shameless tie be a piece of Eddie himself . now , as he pull the tie from they hook to examine they , Roger expose old photo tack to the wall and forget . the photo be mostly yellow , crack , fade . here be eddie twenty - five year ago , hair cropped , a Princeton undergrad . five year later he 's sproute a beard and be pose with he graduate class at Yale Law School . now it 's the glory day of the mid-sixty and Eddie 's in he prime , a longhaire defense attorney in denim and leather ... at a press conference , flanke by abbie hoffman and Jerry rubin . in Washington Square Park , ignite a anti - war rally . at a sheep meadow be - in , arm around a lovely young woman , toddler balanced on he shoulder , infant cradle in she lap . Eddie 's family on a long - ago spring day . and here be Eddie , about 30 , in a swarm of student activist outside a Federal courthouse , clearly after win a acquittal , hold high above the crowd like a conquer hero . now we bring up a excited buzz of voice -- as though the crowd , in the photo , be somehow come to life . over : judge's voice matter of people versus . shu Kai Kim . CUT to : int . superior court - morning we have hit the big time ; it 's clean , spacious , echoic . the previous courtroom be , by comparison , mere vestibule . judge quealy bang he gavel . judge this case have be try before , but you the juror must make no ... now the judge notice something amiss . he squint -- at the defense table there 's shu . with he new bristly growth of head -hair and oversize suit , he appear thin and mild - mannered , almost bookish . at shu 's leave sit roger , look around , bemuse . the chair at shu 's right be empty . judge -- where be Mr. dowd ? int . men' room Eddie be alone in here , at the sink . he 's just douse he face . he examine he reflection in the dirty mirror , try hard to like what he see . hold for several silent beat as Eddie gather he strength and courage . then : reynard ( v.o. ) you will hear from the detective who arrest shu Kai Kim and find the murder weapon in he apartment . int . courtroom - a few minute later Eddie have now take he seat beside shu. reynard be in the midst of he open statement . reynard a eyewitness will testify that she see Mr. Kim shoot Jimmy Chin in cold blood . a expert who examine Kim 's gun , and the bullet that tore through Jimmy Chin 's brain , will testify that shu Kai Kim be the killer . he stride over to the jury box . reynard but this trial be about much more than Mr. Kim 's guilt . it 's a test of we legal system -- the fairest , most liberal in the world , in world history ... so fair and liberal that lawyer like Mr. dowd can manipulate it on a whim to re-try convict killer . well that 's a trade - off we can live with , provide we have the courage to meet we civic obligation . you twelve be all that stand between society and every shu Kai Kim itching to get free . quite a responsibility . but one I know that each of you can handle . time CUT : eddie pace off a large circle -- a territorial act in which he be claim the courtroom as he . eddie picture this . in a part of town that thrive on its spirit of celebration ... good food , friendly face ... one young man walk up to another , out on the street , in front of the tourist , and commit murder . as Eddie pivot , we see that he hair be pull back with a bright blue ribbon . the juror see this , too . if he do not have it before , Eddie 's now get they full attention . eddie I wonder if Chinatown 's shopkeeper and restaurant owner plead with the Mayor ... I wonder if the Mayor put pressure on the Police commissioner ... Eddie jig over to the jury box . eddie what do you think the Mayor say to the Police commissioner ? I think the Mayor say , " arrest somebody ... he 's trail off ; the last word be whisper . as he open he mouth again -- -- twelve juror crane forward to hear . eddie ... anybody ! " a older woman gasp . the other merely flinch . time CUT : the homicide detective lead off . first up be montell . early 40s , beefy , black , with a tough - but-fair persona . reynard conclude he direct . reynard and so , have bring Mr. Kim in for book , you arrange a line - up with six other asian male . montell that 's right . reynard and the result of the line -up ? montell all the eyewitness pick Kim . time CUT : Eddie smile broadly at montell , who smile back . then : eddie be not it a fact that the " six other asian man " in the line - up be all of the classic mongoloid type , whereas shu have the distinct facial bone structure of a Korean ? reynard objection . the witness be not a expert in racial classification . eddie be not it a standard trick to pack a line - up with man who resemble each other but look different than the suspect , so the suspect will stand out for the eyewitness ? reynard argumentative . judge sustain . Eddie take a beat , flash another smile . montell reciprocate . now Eddie shift into he empathetic mode . eddie you have to use less than scrupulous method , true ? the Mayor be push you hard for a arrest , be not he ? montell sadly shake he head . as empathetic as Eddie : montell I do not want to disappoint you . but the Mayor and I have never speak . a few titter in the gallery . eddie I be be metaphorical , detective montell . montell be that a fancy way of be wrong ? the half - dozen reporter can barely suppress they snicker . int . courtroom - next day next up be sklaroff , a coiled , rangy cop in he late 30 . eddie exactly what information lead you to arrest my client just two - and - a-half hour after the shoot take place ? sklaroff we have a description of the suspect . eddie a " description " ? what , asian male 18 to 30 , black hair , brown eye ? from the prosecution table -- reynard badger . sklaroff we have intelligence . eddie you have intelligence ...? phrase to sound as likely as peace in Beirut . sklaroff struggle to contain he resentment . carefully : sklaroff we have information bear on Mr. Kim 's desire to gain admission into the Joe boy by assassinate a member of a rival gang . eddie do not this " information " come from the Joe boy themselves -- do they not all but hand you shu Kai Kim , a Korean , a outsider ? reynard objection ! you honor , this be not cross -examination , it 's Mr. dowd 's open argument again -- and again , it 's pure fabrication . judge sustain . Eddie essay another line of attack . eddie be not it unusual for a man who 's just commit a murder in plain sight to bring the weapon back to he apartment ? reynard call for speculation . judge sustain . but sklaroff have weathered enough abuse . indignantly : sklaroff you be imply that I plant a gun ? eddie not at all -- sklaroff Kim 's print be all over it -- he admit it be he gun , f'r godsake ! eddie ( hastily ) you honor , the witness ' response be non-responsive ... I ask you to strike it from the record ...! as judge quealy do just that , os , Eddie back away from the excitable detective . eddie no more question . as he drift back to the defense table , reynard stand . reynard the people call retire detective Vincent badalato . Eddie sit . wearing a confident grin for the benefit of any juror who may be watch . only Roger and shu can hear : eddie ... I be die out there . shu ( quietly reassure ) it 's okay , Eddie . the bailiff escort the last homicide detective into court . roger you have get another shot . angle - detective badalato enter . in a wheelchair , push by he sister connie . he 's overweight and droopy -ey , probably on pain pill . she 's get the gait , physique and complexion of a spinster alcoholic . angle - the defense table eddie ( sotto , to Roger ) a fuck wheelchair ? roger ( explain ) a spinal injury , in the line of duty . it be in Kitty 's report ... time CUT : reynard conclude he direct . mellifluous and caring , a pediatrician to a kid with mump . reynard and you leave the murder scene ...? badalato clutches he original report . his eye rake the page , find the relevant section . he adjust he glass . his voice be a whisper thicken by painkiller . badalato at , un , ten -thirty , sir . reynard and then what do you do , Officer ? as badalato reply we flash back to : ext . chinatown STREET - night , november 2 , 1980 the scene have be secure , photo and statement take . Police tape hold back gawker . Jimmy Chin 's shroud body be load , on a stretcher , into the rear of the paddywagon . find badalato -- young , fit -- at the driver 's side door of the paddywagon , discreetly confer with the driver . now the driver step out , and badalato climb in , in he place . as he pull the paddywagon away we hear , over : badalato ( v.o. ) I proceed with decedent 's body to the office of the County coroner . reynard ( v.o. ) thank you . no further question . int . courtroom - eddie question the disabled detective , careful to be cordial . eddie detective badalato . you reach the County coroner 's and sign over the body , when ? badalato find the relevant section of the report . focus . fuss with the page . start to answer -- then succumb to a terrible cough fit . compassionate murmur from the jury . the bailiff hurry over , gently pat badalato 's back , pour he a cup of water . badalato downs it with effort . then : badalato ... eleven -thirty . Eddie open he mouth , to continue he cross . but now he eye dart to the jury box , and what come out be : eddie no more question , you honor . CUT to : int . courthouse - afternoon Eddie hurry past reynard , in the rotunda , surround by reporter . look well pleased with himself , the d.a. be engage in a spontaneous , genial q & a . Roger and Kitty catch up with Eddie , make for the exit . eddie a fuck wheelchair ? kitty I do not put he in a wheelchair . reynard do . he can get around without one -- it 's all in my report . eddie I do not have time to read every word in every report , I be too busy get kill in court ... meantime my crackerjack investigator can not find the goddam art supplies store where chuckie-ck - roeder work ! ext . 100 centre STREET - afternoon as the trio descend the step : kitty I would love to chat but I be meeting a cop for drink . he will be bring the Joe boy ' mugbook , circa 1980 . Eddie try not to look overly impressed . eddie and I need a expert on the joe I can put on the goddam stand ! Kitty pull a bag from she pocketbook . kitty Eddie ? stick this up you ass . she hop into a idling cab . Eddie pull a length of pipe from the bag . he and Roger trade baffle look . then Roger notice the printing on the bag . close - bag as Roger read . roger ( o.s. ) " Art 's supplies . " scene suppress a smile , Eddie read the rest . eddie " everything for the plumber " . CUT to : establishing - long island CITY - early evening Light manufacturing and loft-dwelling refugee from soho , separate from Manhattan by the East River . tighten on : " arta supplies " as Eddie and Roger enter the warehouse . int . Roger note the plaque that line the wall , from the chamber of commerce , urban League , etc. , name arturo esparza " equal opportunity employer of the Year " . at the front desk be three tough - look secretary . eddie be " Art " around ? secretary 1 squint at this bizarre interloper . secretary 1 he expect you - all ? eddie no , but this will not take long . angle a coffee-color young woman get up from she desk in the far corner . she hurry over to rescue the receptionist . woman I be mariquilla esparza -- Art 's wife . Eddie be abash at she fine , radiant feature . Roger try not to stare . eddie " mariquilla " ? it 's a lovely name . marquilla turn she face , to hide she blush . mrs . esparza thank you , mister ... and then a compact , powerful - look latino ( bald , bearded , bespectacle ) charge into frame . latino Art esparza . how can I help you ? he nod at mariquilla -- she make herself scarce . eddie Eddie dowd . roger Roger Baron . they wander past esparza , and into : the warehouse a multi-tier space crowded with sink , toilet , tub ... Black , white and brown men load skid , ride forklift . esparza you can not come back here ... anything happen to you I be liable . eddie ( pleasantly ) I be a lawyer . the firm be think about renovate . everything date back to the sixty . esparza I notice . eddie ( to Roger ) do you see a toilet here you think be really I ? Roger join in the snow of esparza . roger we be consider one of that high tech design , what do you call it , a " lowboy " ? esparza Excuse I but we be not a store and we be not a showroom ... Eddie have slip away . hope to distract esparza : roger do not I read it 's healthier ? to sit lower on a toilet ? y'know , with you knee up , and -- esparza be suddenly -- angrily -- aware he 's be have . sharply : esparza -- where 's you friend ? on eddie stride down a long aisle bound by tall wall of piping . he duck around a skid stack with industrial sink ... run into a waist-high conveyor belt load with large carton . start to back away -- then see , below the conveyor belt -- pair of boot the combat boot that he last see aim at he eye . eddie freezes , for a beat -- then take off down the length of the conveyor belt ... but the belt go on and on , and so Eddie drop down and scuttle under it . as he get to the other side and leap up , he see -- chuckie roeder who see Eddie , let out a startle cry and drop the carton he be check , then spin on he heel and sprint away ... eddie give chase , slip on the content of the spill carton ... score of loose spigot ... then he find he foot , and race after roeder down another : aisle of pipe this one about thirty yard long . now from the other end , move quite fast , come a forklift . roeder dive out of its way , climb up the wall of pipe . Eddie clamber after he as the forklift driver frantically downshift -- and the point of a prong catch Eddie 's pantleg , tear it , as -- roeder scurries over the now - collapse wall of pipe , onto a double skid of horizontally stack hot water heater ... scene Eddie stumble after he ... both man struggle to stay balanced ... now , just as Eddie be about to seize he , roeder reach a steep ladder -- he breathlessly climb up to : a catwalk Eddie claw he way up the ladder , right behind ... he take a fly leap at roeder , grab hold of he belt ... but the catwalk sway , sickeningly , and roeder kick free , nearly send Eddie over the side . now roeder bolt to the far end of the catwalk , fairly fly down the ladder there ... meantime , Eddie take a breath and drop off the catwalk ... twenty foot down , and just a arm 's length from roeder . but as he thrust out he hand , a huge man intercede , hurl Eddie to the concrete . roeder dash across a sea of tub , he boot cracking several ... then out a back door , disappear into the night . scene Eddie -- wind and disorient -- be yank to he foot by a flushed Art esparza . esparza you fool . muscular employees , brandish pipe-wrench , etc. , have form a menace ring around Eddie . esparza everything 's cool ! back off ... take five ! he start briskly walk Eddie back to the front office . eddie look , I be a lawyer and -- esparza -- I do not care who you be . you could have be kill . every man and woman in here have do hard prison time . and we look out for each other . eddie " we " ? esparza I do five year in attica . lot of con help I in the joint . but I never get help from any lawyer ... I build this business for guy like I who could not get a break anywhere else . " Art 's supplies " be for ex - con . not lawyer . they be reach : the front office Roger be wait here . eddie chuckie roeder 's a material witness in a murder case , Mr. esparza . esparza be pain to hear it . esparza chuckie ... never learn ... then remember he 's with civilian . collect himself . esparza " Art 's supplies " be found on trust , mister -- eddie dowd . Eddie dowd . esparza if you would have the sense to ask for my help , I might have help you . but you have probably scared chuckie roeder off for good , I have a whole bunch of jumpy employee to handle and you be both go to be on you way . now . ext . as Eddie and Roger cross to the riviera : eddie goddam it ... the little punk best I again , I get throw down and lecture at and where the hell be you ? roger 1530 rivington Street . eddie -- what ? roger chuckie 's address . I sneak a peek at the rolodex . eddie you sneak a peek at the rolodex . ( then ) Nice . CUT to : ext . rivington STREET - early evening Eddie park at a hydrant , the lawyer hop out . Eddie go to the trunk , force it open , find what he be look for . tuck the tire iron into he pants . Roger be already check the address on this stretch of lower East side transient hotel and pawn shop . roger ... Eddie ? 1530 rivington ... angle - 1530 rivington a hole in the ground , surround by a fence that 's decorate with a fanciful sketch of a luxury condominium that will never be build and some pretty word about urban renewal sign by his honor Edward i. koch . angle eddie on the corner pay phone . eddie Kitty , when they demolish a residential hotel , the city have to relocate the tenant ! house Authority will have record of -- ( then ) you teach I that ? so why be I waste my breath ? CUT to : int . live room - evening pleasant , middle - class decor . we have not be here before . we hear a persistent knocking . kitty cross to the door , squint through the peephole and sigh . then open the door . enter : eddie -- find he ? kitty Eddie , this thing take time . particularly at this hour ... Eddie 's all over the room , edgily pick up odd and end . kitty my guy at house 's wait at home for a pass to get back in he office . meantime Eddie have find a binder on Kitty 's coffee table . eddie the Joe boy in 1980 ...! kitty a number of they be dead , three be in prison , one 's a waiter ... two -- you will enjoy this -- two be actually member of the chamber of commerce . on the mugbook like the one the cop show Eddie . but instead of sneering tattooe white , here be sneering tattooe asian . scene Eddie look up from the book . eddie do not do I much good unless I know what shu look like back th -- Kitty hand he a photocopy of shu 's 1980 mugshot . eddie ( study it ) whoa . the mugshot a ornery - look shu Kai Kim wear a greasy shag haircut . a far cry from Mrs. Kim 's " small , small World " photo . scene eddie Boy , I be right about the distinctive facial bone structure of a Korean . I think I be bullshit . he 's all over the room , wave shu 's photo , fulminate : eddie the odd man out always take the fall ! have not I be say all along that -- suddenly aware that Kitty 's watch he play Edward c. dowd , legendary Hell - for-leather - lawyer , he falter , embarrassed . but Kitty 's expression be affectionate , approve -- this be just the spirit that draw she to Eddie year ago . sense this , Eddie relax . his voice soften . eddie I have not thank you for you work , Kitty . you be do good work . kitty I be a professional , Eddie . get pay be all the thanks I require . eddie ( realize ) I have not pay you . kitty ( little smile ) right . a beat pass between they that 's both intimate and awkward . eddie get any booze in the house ? kitty you do not drink " booze " . eddie you do . kitty Eddie , if I want to make love with you again , I would do it sober . Eddie gently place he big hand on Kitty 's slim shoulder . kitty Eddie this be silly ... be we suppose to pretend nothing 's happen in the last ten year and -- eddie nothing have . but that 's all change . touched by Eddie 's optimism , Kitty kiss he . it 's mean to be quick and light but he embrace she and the kiss continue . CUT to : black . a phone ring . it 's answer . groggily : kitty' voice ... yes ? ( then ) oh. great ... CUT to : ext . delancey STREET - late night Kitty repeat roeder 's current address , in vo . kitty' voice 913 delancey ... as Eddie 's riviera pull up to a bowery flophouse . he go to he trunk , for that tire iron . int . lobby the ancient night clerk be asleep , he head rest on the Front desk . gimlet -ey , Eddie peer at the name tape to the mailbox behind he . upstair corridor musty , narrow , dimly light . muffled , debauch laughter ... Eddie squint at one door , then another , then : room 2d . he take a breath , pull out the tire iron , knock with it . no answer . Eddie try the door . it 's unlock . int . room chuckie roeder sit quietly at a plain wooden desk in the darken , unadorn room . scatter across the floor be well - thumbed copy of gun & ammo and blueboy . eddie -- roeder ? closer - roeder waxy and still -- like a duane hanson sculpture . right hand suspend over the leave forearm . eddie sharply inhale as he venture closer . closer a syringe in roeder 's right hand , needle jamme in a vein . the leave arm be dot with track mark . scene Eddie slowly back away from the upright corpse . grip not by horror , but the strangest sort of pity . CUT to : int . morgue - morning chuckie roeder be laid out in a locker drawer . on one side stand a morgue tech ; on the other , detective 1 ( from the police headquarters scene ) . Roger be off in a corner , give a statement to detective 2 . Eddie stand nearby , moodily contemplate the demise of he last , best hope . os , he hear : man' voice -- I guess you find he . art esparza have enter . his face be flushed with emotion . esparza he have no family . I have to i.d. he . I be he family . Eddie nod , not sure what to say . esparza grimly regards roeder 's corpse , then nod at detective 1 . a tear slide down he cheek as the morgue tech slam shut the drawer . esparza turn to Eddie . his voice thick : esparza you will not be able to use he now , will you ? Roger wrap a arm around Eddie 's shoulder . roger c'mon , Eddie , let 's go . esparza -- that 's goddam tragic , be not it ? he start for Eddie , who do not speak or even move to defend himself . detective 1 grab esparza in time , hold he back . detective 1 c'mon , get outta here , dowd . ext . morgue - morning Eddie and Roger exit with detective 2 . they're in the City Hall district , not far from the criminal court Building . as the detective cross , return to Police headquarters , adjacent : detective 2 you be in over you head , dowd ... do not you defend pot smoker ? Eddie ignore . he and Roger keep walk , the other way . roger so what be we gonna do ? eddie ... what do you mean ? roger well , I mean , roeder 's go , now ... a dead end . believe I , I be sorry too , but ... eddie but what ? roger ( break the news ) I have hear from the last ballistic expert on the list . it 's a even ten who say shu 's gun kill Jimmy Chin ! eddie that 's why I hate expert . roger Eddie ... it 's one thing to compare clyde gruner to Jesus Christ . it 's even okay to claim that shu Kai Kim be just slightly holier than the Pope ... as long as you do not really believe it ! eddie hey -- you believe what you want . shu Kai Kim be innocent . roger -- Eddie ... eddie you know how I know ? ' Cause reynard say he 's guilty , and reynard 's full of shit ! look -- intoxicate by he illogic , Eddie yank out he batter wallet . tug out one of he two photo of shu -- the " small , small World " snapshot from Mrs. Kim . eddie it 's not the face of a killer ! he hand it to Roger , who hand it right back . roger you be carry that around like it be a picture of you girlfriend ! ( blurt ) I do not want to see you heart break when this case crash and burn ! eddie ( grim resolve ) that 's not gonna happen . I be gonna create reasonable doubt . buckle you seatbelt and watch I work . Eddie step into the street , into traffic . Cars wildly swerve around he , driver honking in outrage . Roger look both way , dash out . catch up : roger but roeder 's dead . ballistics say it 's shu ! we do not have one witness -- unless we put cecil stipe on the stand ... eddie I be not that desperate . roger I be . Eddie -- we have get nothing . eddie I have get a meeting in Chinatown . roger ( resign , sigh ) let 's get a cab . eddie -- Roger -- ? indicating with a gesture that they be only block from Chinatown . puzzle , Roger peer back the way they come . roger that 's weird -- I picture the morgue be way across town . after two beat he turn around to find Eddie go . CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - late morning empty but for a banquet table Eddie share with six pillar ( range in age from 30 to 80 ) of the asian community . the table be laden with delectable dim sum dish . Eddie be the only one not eat -- he 's too busy suck up to he host . eddie we need you in court . the jury will be sway by you support . you man be the backbone -- the conscience -- of you community ! the pillar be unmove . Eddie lighten up . eddie only people who have sit on my side of the courtroom so far be a wino try to stay warm and a bail bondsman I owe money to . nothing . eddie c'mon , guy -- the dignity of you race be be threaten here ! finally he get a reaction . pillar 1 if the dignity of we race be threaten , it be threaten by you reopening of this ugly case . pillar 2 when a violent thug be take off the street , we quality of life -- and commerce -- immeasurably improve . the other pillar nod . Eddie 's gorge rise as they resume eat , sip tea , quietly converse in cantonese . eddie " a violent thug " ? I happen to know that two of you be once Joe boy . this get the table 's full attention . eddie but I be not here to point the finger . I do dumb thing when I be 19 too -- we all do . wrong time , wrong place , everybody here could have make a perfect fall guy instead of we life turn out how they do . this case be about all of we . and you be gonna feel like a bunch of goat when the truth come out . clearly , one would not try to bully such a venerable bunch unless one be desperate , unhinge , or a bit of both . eddie you will kick yourselves for stand on the sideline while the d.a. make you out to be fungible ! now pillar 1 whisper to pillar 2 , who whisper to pillar 3 . pillar 3 Excuse I . but what be " fungible " ? eddie interchangeable . as in , " hey , maybe we get the wrong guy but what the hell , one slanty - eye sonovobitch be the same as the next " ! Eddie stand . eddie enjoy you dumpling , gentleman . he lope out of the restaurant . CUT to : int . courtroom - a few day later reynard conclude he direct examination of the Police gang expert , a florid , 50ish irish detective . reynard so accord to you information , detective , the Joe boy normally use aspire member -- like shu Kai Kim -- to do the " hit " ? gang expert that 's how you get into the gang . reynard thank you . you witness , Mr. dowd . reverse in the gallery , on Eddie 's side of the room , sit the six pillar . some have bring they equally dignify wive . and several sweet - look child . eddie rise into frame as he stand at the defense table , newly energize . he straighten he mermaid tie and assume a look of collosal incredulity . eddie you be the police expert in Chinatown gang ? gang expert ... for ten year , now . eddie do you speak cantonese , mandarin , or both ? gang expert -- me? neither . Eddie cup he ear . eddie pardon ... which dialect do you speak ? gang expert neither . Eddie turn to the gallery . eddie neither ? the hope - for hubbub among the pillar et al . shu crane to see , hearten and slightly amaze at the support . turn back to the government witness : eddie you do not speak any chinese dialect ? then you get you intelligence from snitch ? reynard badger . gang expert ( between gritt tooth ) they're chiname who speak English . we call they informant . eddie ( thunder ) and I call you testimony hearsay . I have no more question for you . time CUT : on the wall opposite the jury hang two poster . apparently identical photo of a spend bullet , deform by impact . in front of they , wield a pointer , stand reynard 's venerable ballistics expert . ballistics expert bear in mind that every gun barrel leave a distinctive mark on the bullet it fire , we must conclude that the bullet that kill Jimmy Chin be fire from Mr. Kim 's .38 . reynard and the powder burn at the site of the victim 's entrance wound ...? ballistics expert ... can also be link to the bullet . reynard thank you . you witness . on eddie as he jig over to the wall and grab the pointer . eddie the photo on the leave show the bullet that kill Jimmy Chin , true ? ballistics expert true . eddie and the one on the right be the bullet you test - fire from shu 's gun ? ballistics expert correct . Eddie contemplate this apparently identical photo . and manage to sound a note of outrage disbelief . eddie you would have the court believe that this two bullet be fire from the same gun ? ballistics expert absolutely . Eddie press the tip of the pointer to a thin smudge along the lower edge of the right bullet . eddie I see a groove here . I do not see a groove here . point , now , to the lower edge of the leave bullet . ballistics expert it 's not a significant difference . Eddie 's pointer find another mark on the rear of the right bullet . or maybe it 's the shadow cast by the pointer . eddie and what about this ? I do not see this on the other bullet . he point to something else on one of the enlargement -- but so quickly , we be not even sure what he be point at . eddie or this -- be this a significant difference ? ballistics expert no it be not , Mr. dowd . as though baffle by the expert 's criterion , Eddie set down the pointer . eddie to the best of you recollection , be you sober when you perform the test ? reynard objection . a giggle from the jury box . eddie Forensic ballistic be not a exact science , be it ? ballistics expert it most certainly be . eddie be not there a ten to fifteen - percent margin of error ? ballistics expert absolutely not . no more than seven percent . eddie in other word , seven time out of a hundred , you be wrong ! the expert stew . the pillar nod . CUT to : int . courtroom - next day on the stand : LAURA gordon , the young white eyewitness . reynard would you tell the court exactly what you remember see on that evening ? ms. gordon I will never forget it . I be walk east on pell Street ... as she continue , we flash back to : ext . pell STREET - evening , november 2 , 1980 ms. gordon ( v.o. ) a man walk past I . I notice he for two reason . her Pov the killer hurry by . onscreen for only a second -- but long enough for we to see he look a lot like shu . ms. gordon ( v.o. ) he be walk very fast and he hand be shove inside he jacket . I be in front of a restaurant call Andy Lee 's ... something tell I to turn ... we watch the killer 's back as he race to a intersection where several pedestrian wait for the walk signal . we glimpse he face again as he pull a gun ... the young man in front of he whirl , there 's a sharp crack and then the young man be lie in the street , blood welling around he head . the killer take off run . back to courtroom reynard and the man whom you see murder Jimmy Chin . be he in this courtroom ? Ms. Gordon nod at shu. ms. gordon that 's he sit right there . time CUT : eddie stand before the witness box . eddie Ms. Gordon . I have study the diagram and the photograph and I have visit the murder scene and the conclusion I keep reach be ... and I hate to have to say this ... you be not even close enough to see the killer 's gun . Ms. Gordon be shocked by the rawness of Eddie 's accusation . reynard do Mr. dowd have a question ? his eye boring into Ms. gordo n 's : eddie come now . do you see the gun ? ms. gordon I can describe it . eddie ( scoff ) oh really ? ms. gordon it be silver , with a stubby barrel ... snub -nose , I think they call it ... it be not automatic , it have one of that ... cylinder ... eddie you can not remember that -- ! ms. gordon I can see the hammer still , it be cocked ... eddie ( as though pain ) how can you remember that ? ms. gordon I do not take my eye off it ! eddie ah . Eddie be face the jury -- only they can see the smile that 's sproute on he face . eddie thank you , Ms. Gordon . a hush in the courtroom . and now Ms. Gordon realize she 's be trick . as Eddie return to the defense table : ms. gordon not the whole time , of course . I -- eddie ( sit ) no further question . shu turn to Eddie . the look on he face say " Hell , we be actually hold we own . " as the frustrated eyewitness be lead off the stand we hear a calm , resonant -- reynard you honor ... the people wish to call a witness whose name do not appear on the witness list . he -- Eddie 's smile evaporate . he leap up . eddie you honor , that 's trial by ambush ! reynard we just discover he , you honor ! his appearance be critical to a fair presentation of we case ! he be a inmate at ossine correctional and -- eddie -- objection , you honor ! this case have no connection with any subsequent act my client may be charge with ! reynard the witness will substantiate Mr. Kim 's modus operandi . it 's circumstantial evidence in the case at hand ! as judge quealy ponder , the d.a. keep up the pressure . reynard the witness be recalcitrant , you honor -- I have to personally make a body attachment this morning -- it take two marshall to drag he here ! eddie the great personal sacrifice endure by Mr. reynard have no bear on the legal issue , you honor -- ! reynard you honor , I know as much about this gang as anyone ; I be well aware of the secrecy in which they machination be cloak ... I assure you this witness offer the court a rare opportunity to place the defendant 's crime -- eddie -- alleged crime -- reynard -- in a context . the lawyer anxiously wait as judge quealy consider . now : judge I will allow the witness to testify . with the understanding that you question be confine to the area of Mr. Kim 's modus operandi . eddie -- with objection ! judge so note . Eddie skulk back to the defense table . reynard as they final witness , the people call Richard ortega . the bailiff swing open the rear door . escort by the a forementioned marshall , enter ortega , from the open scene . he look resentful and scared . time CUT : reynard begin he direct examination . reynard Mr. ortega , you have know the defendant at ossine correctional for how long ? ortega I would tend to plead the fifth . judge invalid invocation , Mr. ortega . what I call " name , rank and serial number " question be not cover by the 5th amendment . you must answer counsel . reynard look pleased ; ortega , grim . ortega five year . reynard Mr. ortega ... what be " La compania " ? ortega a cubano army , basically ... inside and outside prison . reynard and its purpose ? ortega Fighting the Aryan Warrior and the Black guerrilla , basically . reynard for control of the prison drug trade ? ortega I would tend to plead the fifth . judge Mr. ortega , you have already answer question about La compania . you can not now selectively invoke the 5th amendment . reynard glow with satisfaction . eddie you honor , that 's not fair -- ! judge ( testy ) complain to the bar Commission . judge quealy turn back to the witness . judge answer the question , Mr. ortega . you unserve time can double ... the prospect of a extra day in prison fill ortega with despair . reynard do the rival gang compete for control of the prison drug trade ? ortega yeah , we do some of that . reynard what be you rank within La compania ? ortega hesitates . with a tight smile , reynard remind he : reynard " name , rank and serial , " Mr. ortega . let 's not hide behind the fifth . ortega ( surly ) I be a soldado in the g-wing regiment . reynard and what do a soldado -- a soldier -- do ? ortega a soldado , he run message and materiel between the regiment ... reynard " materiel " ? what do you mean by that ? ortega cigarettes , candy bar ... ( then , concede ) pcp , crack ... reynard if a member of the Aryan Brothers try to cut in on you distribution ? ortega ... a soldado , he take care of it . reynard by " take care of , " you mean " kill " . ortega ( a beat , then ) that 's right . at the Defense table , shu stiffen . so do Eddie . reynard Mr. ortega , what be shu Kai Kim 's rank within La compania ? ortega soldado . reynard be not it unusual for a asian to be accept into a Cuban prison gang ? ortega shu 's the only one I know of ... reynard and why be a exception make ? ortega Chinatown . sounded pretty cold ... reynard you mean to say Mr. Kim tell you that he murder Jimmy Chin ? eddie objection . lead . his tone be stern . but for once he do not stand . judge overrule . ortega look past reynard , at shu . mournfully : ortega man , they get I all fuck up here . judge quealy pound he gavel . judge Mr. ortega ! I warn you ... reynard -- do Mr. Kim confess to you that he kill Jimmy Chin ? ortega ... I think he mention it , yeah . reynard turn to face the jury . reynard in other word shu Kai Kim be , and always have be , a killer for hire . reynard 's epithet reverberate in the courtroom . eddie objection . judge sustain . reynard withdrawn . the people rest . at the defense table shu stare down at he penny - loafer . Eddie rise . dully : eddie I move that the witness 's testimony be stricken . he have clearly be terrorize by the prosecution , he 's -- judge the testimony will remain in the record . do you wish to cross-examine ? before Eddie can answer , ortega jump up and shout , at shu : ortega I be sorry , man -- ! motherfucker ... the bailiff rush to the witness box as judge quealy pound he gavel . and suddenly shu leap to he foot . shu take I outta here ! I never want this -- ! the marshall obligingly drag shu toward the prisoner ' entrance , behind the bench . the juror appear shocked and alarmed . the spectator stare , transfix . judge Court be hereby adjourned until ten a.m. tomorrow ! Eddie just stand there . the sky have fall on he . now reynard rise at he desk . he catch Eddie 's eye . reynard I hope you have learn something , Mr. dowd . then he and rabin briskly exit the courtroom together . CUT to : int . courthouse corridor - later the spectator -- include kitty -- emerge . the pillar and they family disperse quickly , silently . here come eddie . what have seem a merry jig in court now look like a limp . roger behind Eddie . he move to catch up , but see that Eddie be move toward Kitty , wait at the exit door . so Roger hang back . but without even slow down or give a sign , Eddie move right past Kitty , and out of the building . shock , Roger go to Kitty . gently touch she arm . kitty it 's okay . it be always like that . roger should not one of we ...? kitty no -- leave he be . it 's better for everyone . Roger nod , resign -- and then someone else in the depart crowd catch he eye . a woman furtive and alone , hurry away . scene Roger turn to Kitty , a odd look on he face . roger ... would you excuse I ? Kitty shrug : sure . CUT to : int . prison visitors room - evening - later the lawyer and he client face each other through a pane of bulletproof plastic . each have a telephone in front of he ; both fretfully finger they receiver . Eddie pick up first . eddie quite a bit you do not tell I . shu when I join up I take a oath of secrecy . I tell you what you need to know . Eddie 's word hiss , like steam escape . eddie I do not need to know that a man I be defend on a gang - murder rap be a prison soldier who kill over drug ? shu it be self - defense . eddie Jimmy Chin ? be that self - defense too ? in response shu hang up . Eddie pound on the plastic , to get he to pick up again . shu do , provisionally . eddie I be sorry , it 's just -- you will laugh but there be awhile when I think , hey , we be two sorry asshole who need each other . who can help each other . as though he could not possibly have hear this right : shu -- how could I help you ? eddie by trust I . shit , man ... he trail off , momentarily defeat by the magnitude of what 's be lose . now : eddie I get my face kick ' cause I trust you . I could not find a expert to say it be not you gun kill Jimmy Chin but it do not matter ... I go up against the goddam d.a. himself but I do not care because I trust you , because I believe in you , because I think there be a bond between we ! like a spurn lover who can not let go , Eddie implore shu , through the plastic : eddie do not you feel that ? shu look at Eddie be though he be a alien life form . shu you be out there and I be in here . my bond -- my trust -- be with the dude in here that watch my ass . I take a oath of loyalty to they . you be out there . who be you to I ? as he continue , a simmer resentment heat up he word . shu when you leave this place you be go out to dinner or a movie or get laid . where 's we bond ? I be go back to my cell and wait to die . so tell I : where 's we bond ? eddie for awhile we have this dream we be innocent . that be we bond ... but then we wake up . and now I would like to hear everything . shu 's eye narrow . shu what do you mean , " everything " ? with exaggerated calm , to cover the rage : eddie tell I about Chinatown , shu . tell I the tr-- shu hang up . rock to he shackle foot . and shuffles out of the room , to return to he cell . CUT to : ext . arta supplies - evening - later through the gated window , a woman and man -- surely Art and mariquilla esparza -- be see in silhouette . Business hour be over ; the couple be alone in the front office . mariquilla sit at she desk , Art pace the office . now , as he pass she chair , Art lean down and kiss the top of he wife 's head . she involuntarily stiffen . Art take umbrage . muffled word . mariquilla rise , grab she raincoat . Art touch she shoulder , entreate . mariquilla shake she head . ext . STREET - roger watch this shadow play from the opposite curb . in b.g. , the shimmer light of the 59th Street Bridge and Manhattan 's skyscraper seem world away from this misery . back to " arta supplies " as mariquilla exit the building . ext . STREET - evening - with mariquilla as she hurry along , lose in she thought . now Roger fall into step beside she . roger ... Mrs. esparza ? she startles slightly , then quickly recover she composure . mrs . esparza what do you want ? roger I be Roger Baron . I work with Edward dowd . mariquilla give no sign that this mean anything to she . roger what be you ... why be you at shu 's trial this afternoon ? mrs . esparza -- what trial ? her pace quicken . roger I follow you here from court . mrs . esparza ( flustered ) I know Jimmy Chin . the boy who be shot . okay ? roger ( try to make sense ) ... and you be at the trial to ... to see that justice be do ? mrs . esparza that 's right . she briskly round a corner . Roger stay on she . roger then it be you idea to have chuckie roeder scare Eddie off the case ? mrs . esparza -- why do not you ask chuckie ? roger ( remind she ) chuckie od would , Mrs. esparza . he 's dead . mariquilla seem to flinch . roger Art do not tell you ...? mariquilla abruptly stop and turn to he . implore . mrs . esparza look. mister -- roger -- Roger -- mrs . esparza you must not talk to Art . you must not tell Art that I be at the trial . do you hear I ? there be animal fear behind mariquilla 's eye . roger but you lose a friend ... you have get a right to ... a realization form . roger wait ... be you and Jimmy Chin ...? mariquilla gaze into Roger 's open , questing eye . they be the same age , but one have live much longer than the other . mrs . esparza I can not talk to you anymore . go away , please ... never come back . with that , she cross the street . slip into darkness . roger watch she disappear . and then , after two beat , he resume walk , back the way he come , toward the subway station . reveal a figure , lurking in the shadow , light a cigarette . as the match flare we make out the face of art esparza . CUT to : int . hallway - late night a glassy - eye Eddie knock and knock . finally the door , still chain , open a crack . a eye peer out . woman' voice oh , Christ . eddie ... do you realize I have not get stone since the trial start ? the door close . then reopen , unchain . Kitty stand there in a robe she 's throw on . kitty Eddie ... a guilty client 's not the end of the world ... eddie exactly ! he slam he fist against the wall . os , neighbor shout for he to shut up . eddie it 's liberate ! I feel free ! more complaint , os . shout back at the neighbor : kitty go fuck yourselves . Kitty turn back to Eddie . tenderly : kitty Eddie ... go home . get some sleep . eddie I do not need sleep ! kitty I need sleep . some of we be mere mortal . eddie screw you too , Kitty . he turn , and skulk back down she hallway into : ext . kitty' build - early morning a convert brownstone in chelsea . Eddie sink down on the stoop , head in hand . presently kitty emerge , and sit down next to he . several silent beat . then Eddie speak . , look straight ahead , not at Kitty . eddie for year I have defend scumbag . dealer . hitter ... and somehow it seem fine until this kid come along who know I as a true believer who would fight the good fight and ... but ... he seem so damned disappointed in who he find ... and then , out of nowhere , here we be fight to free a innocent man -- a innocent man , I do not see many of that in my line anymore and I think , wow , the kid bring I good luck , y'know ? for one minute I be a true believer again . well , my minute be up , Kitty . I be go back to defend scumbag ... but not just dope dealer anymore . from now on : child molester . porno merchant . repeat drunk driver , and I be gonna get them all off . hit man ... send I every contract killer ... none of them do time ever again . he rise , falter a little . Kitty stand , steady he . kitty Eddie . we can discuss this ... after you get some sleep . Eddie shake he head . as he stumble down the step : eddie I tell you , Kitty -- no more sleep for I . CUT to : ext . grove STREET - night - later Eddie wander up to he funky building . there 's a sleeping bum curl up in front of the door . Eddie wearily lean down , to nudge the bum aside . but it 's roger . eddie the hell be you do here ? Roger awaken very fast . he jump to he foot . roger Eddie -- it 's Art esparza ! eddie what 's Art esparza ? roger I think he hire shu to kill Jimmy Chin ... it be not a Chinatown gang hit -- Jimmy Chin and Art 's wife be lover ! she just about tell I ...! eddie ( baffle ) you phone up Art esparza 's wife ? roger I follow she from the courthouse . Eddie blink . eddie esparza 's wife be at shu 's trial ? Roger nod . eddie and you spot she in the crowd ? Roger nod . Eddie take a breath . eddie what be you , try to show I up here ? CUT to : int . police headquarters - late night dolly past the odd hooker and vagrant be lead from book to the bullpen . the unnatural quiet bespeak the late hour . camera push into record , close for the night ... pace here be tommy , the cop who would open up the exhibit warehouse for Eddie , earlier . Tommy appear to have be drag out of bed . under he car coat be a flannel pajama top . between tense puff on he cigarette : tommy dowd ... we be even now ... push past Tommy , to two figure huddle at a desk in the corner . roger look on as eddie rifle through a dossier . eddie esparza 's security clearance to go inside the jail for parole hearing . close - photo a passport - type snapshot of the chubby , bald , bearded , bespectacle art esparza . eddie' voice wonderful work esparza do ... intercut eddie and esparza's file picture , warrant , complaint . we can not make out the fine print , only the photo as Eddie flip through they . eddie skip back two year . the next photo - a grainy telephoto shot of esparza emerge from Art 's supplies . his hair be thicker , he be thin . wore a walrus moustache . eddie esparza be be watch by narco . suspected of use he warehouse as a drug drop ... surveillance terminate . next photo - a set of mugshot . esparza be dramatically thin here . lot more hair . aviator glass . eddie four year ago . esparza charge with assault . dismiss . next photo - more mugshot . esparza even thin . Hair thicker , longer . eddie accessory to extortion . dismiss . Eddie flip , faster , through the file . eddie dismiss for lack of evidence . dismiss , dismiss ... Roger look questioningly at Eddie . eddie this little prick be protect . he glance , suddenly skittish , at Tommy -- who pick up on Eddie 's paranoia and promptly reciprocate . tommy that 's it -- I be outta here . you owe I one , dowd . frown , Eddie return he attention to the file . eddie dismiss ... close on esparza's face as he get young , the moustache shrink . Seven year back , and it disappear . eddie ... dismiss . shit ! eight year ago : esparza 's black hair be cut in a shag , and the glass be go . eddie ( softly ) shit . something new in Eddie 's voice command Roger 's attention . roger -- what ? eddie I have see this picture before . he reach into he wallet , pull out shu 's old mugshot . hold the two mugshot next to each other . hushed : eddie they could have be brother . it 's why the eyewitness pick shu . roger Christ ... shu be innocent . insert - the photo give that they be of different race , the resemblance between Art esparza and shu Kai Kim , in 1980 , be startling . roger " the killer be not chinese " ... cecil stipe be right . .! eddie everyone else be wrong and the one fuck lunatic be right ! Roger wear a tense smile . roger do this mean Kennedy be kill by the phone company ? int . headquarters corridor the two lawyer hurry out . Roger smile at the desk sergeant with exaggerated amiability . eddie ( quiet intensity ) but shu 's gun be a absolute match ...! how could that be , goddammit ? ext . police headquarters - late night the lawyer bound down the step , dart into the street -- -- and be nearly run down by a ambulance that whizze past , pull into the garage of the County coroner 's Office . roger ... Jesus ! eddie least we would already be at the morgue . briskly shaking off they brush with eternity , Eddie and Roger proceed down the block . roger let 's make a citizen 's arrest of esparza ! we will need back -up ... who 's the meanest motherfucker you ever get off ? as Roger duck into a phone booth : eddie fuck that , rog. esparza 's nobody . this go higher than he ... Roger feed the phone . roger gotta start somewhere . gimme a name -- any client who own a Magnum . ( beat ) Eddie ? Eddie 's stare at the phone booth . it 's pagoda-style , with chinese - red pent roof . eddie wait a second . Eddie squint down the street ... angle even at this late hour we see enough decoration and signage to recognize Chinatown , not seven block uptown . eddie ( softly ) how long do it take badalato to drive Jimmy Chin 's body from Chinatown to the morgue ? roger ... a hour. ( realize ) that 's why I think the morgue be on the other side of town . Eddie fairly push Roger out of the phone booth . thumb through the White page , find the page he 's look for , tear it out and stuff it into he pocket . as he race for he riviera , park in a towaway zone : eddie Roger ... I may be late for court this morning . he hop in , revs the old heap . eddie fill in for I , huh ? and Eddie peel out . CUT to : ext . stuyvesant town - late night a mammoth ' 5as housing project by the East River . the monolithic building be like giant tombstone jutting into the night sky . int . bedroom Dark . the front door buzzer buzy . we hear a groggy : woman' voice -- who the hell ...? a frowzy connie badalato snap on a light . reflexively reach for the bottle of seagram on she night - table . at the door stand the long-haire creep from last week 's murder trial . eddie hope I do not wake you . I be Edward c. dowd . you be Mrs. badalato ? connie wave she bottle of scotch like a weapon . connie Ms. vin 's sister . eddie I have to talk to you brother . connie the hell you do . at this hour ? as he brushes past she , connie grab he ponytail . Eddie whirl and grab connie 's bottle -- wave it over she head . connie gimme back my bottle . eddie let go of my hair . connie let go , Eddie relinquish she bottle . as he back up , toward badalato 's bedroom , he point a finger . eddie -- stay . like a good dog , connie hang back . whimper , slightly . int . badalato's bedroom Eddie gasp -- stop short . badalato lie propped up in he robe and sock . he 's stare at the test pattern of a tv on he bureau . he 's dead . no he 's not ... expressionless , still stare ahead : badalato do I know you ? Eddie cross to the inert ex-cop . eddie I be Eddie dowd . I cross-examined you . ( beat ) but not very well . badalato 's eye be shiny as marble . on he night - table we notice a half - dozen prescription vial . eddie what do you do with Jimmy Chin 's body ? badalato 's lip part , but there 's no sound . Eddie shake he . eddie what do you do with Jimmy Chin 's body ? badalato 's lid flutter . badalato I bring it ... to the coroner . eddie a hour after you pick it up ! badalato reach for a vial , casually fish out two pill . drowsily concede : badalato a hour later ... he pop the pill . eddie from Chinatown ... which be right up the street from the morgue ! where do you go with the body ? what do you do with it ? badalato please ... I need to sleep ... Eddie slam badalato up against the headboard . badalato you be fishing . you do not know shit . eddie I know about esparza . a cloud cross badalato 's face . os , we hear : connie' voice -- it be not vin 's idea . connie have advanced to the doorway . eddie whose idea be it ? badalato try to focus on he sister . badalato connie get outta here ... this be official business ...! connie you be pressured ... tell the man ! badalato dammit connie -- go back to bed ! as she back out of the room , to Eddie : connie the little guy always take the rap for the big shot . badalato ( growl ) connie ! connie leave . Eddie turn back to badalato . before he can resume he inquisition : badalato montell ... one of my partner ... he say it would work if it be a through - and through . Eddie inhale sharply . let go of the ex-cop . his voice shrink to a near- whisper : eddie what 's a " through -and - through " ? badalato reach for another pill . badalato I have this chronic pain ... he pop the pill , lean back . badalato eight year I be wait for some genius to notice it take I a hour to drive seven block . he let he eye close . one , two , three beat . then : badalato I drive Chin 's body to the firing line . pistol range , near the battery . lotta cop use to go there ... flash back to november 2 , 1980 : badalato's Pov - moving - midnight as he pull the paddywagon into a alley , mark by a sign overhead : " the firing line " . the shot have the float quality and irresistible forward motion of a dream . badalato ( v.o. ) sklaroff bring shu Kai Kim 's gun . montell be already there ... int . paddywagon badalato ( young , fit ) lift he end of the stretcher bear the sheet - cover corpse . slide it out , to montell . badalato ( v.o. ) he say we would only have three hour . after that , with the body cool , and the clotting ... it would not look right to the pathologist . int . pistol range the cop squat beside the stretcher . badalato strip the bloody sheet down to the corpse 's waist . sklaroff grip Jimmy Chin 's shoulder and carefully hoist he torso upright . Chin 's head loll , empty eye stare . badalato ( v.o. ) Chin be hit once in the forehead by esparza 's .32 . the bullet exite clean . ( beat ) that 's a through -and -thru . badalato gingerly tug on a hank of Chin 's hair , to raise up the corpse 's head . badalato ( v.o. ) all montell have to worry about be fire Kim 's .38 at the same angle . montell , with glove hand , bring shu 's gun to Jimmy Chin 's forehead . tilt it , just so . and fire . int . bedroom - badalato the roar of the gun - blast , no less loud as it echoe in he head eight year later , have startle open badalato 's eye . badalato we recover the bullet and that be it -- a airtight case ... Eddie be try to wrap he mind around this awful thing . eddie but why ? all to protect esparza ? badalato reach , unsteadily , for another pill . his lid have drooped again . badalato nasty little bastard . he step in shit ... badalato 's head slump . the impact of he chin strike he chest surprise he awake again . badalato ... we have to lick he boot clean . eddie ( realize ) he be you snitch . badalato ( sardonic smile ) we own colombian connection ... for three year ... Three year of ball break detective work . and we put a lotta bad guy behind bar . eddie and one good guy . badalato reach for the vial again . Eddie grab it first . read the label . eddie demerol ? what the fuck be you problem , man ? you wanna die ? badalato I be dead . we be both dead . Eddie hurl the open vial across the room : the pill scatter . eddie nobody die till I hear the truth ! who order the frame on shu ? badalato stubbornly shake he heavy head . eddie it be wrong , vinnie -- you know that ! but we can make it right ... if you will fuck stand up ! badalato look up at Eddie . his eye fill with tear . still he do not move . Eddie grab the ex-cop 's pudgy hand . eddie get up , godammit ! and Eddie haul badalato off the bed . int . hallway Eddie drag badalato past connie , chew she cuticle . connie do not hurt he . eddie where 's the nearest hospital ? connie Bellevue . straight up first -- int . elevator badalato be slump in the corner . the car descend with painful slowness . Eddie nudge badalato 's shoulder . eddie stay awake , badalato . vinnie ... come on , man , talk to I ! badalato 's response : a faint snorting sound . eddie do I say snort ? no , I say talk . please ... I need you to live ... ( a idea ) hey : when be the first time you get laid ? ( no answer , then ) okay , I sympathize , I block mine out myself . she have a moustache ... finally the car stop . the door creakily slide open . as Eddie pull the hulk ex - cop upright : badalato ... where be we goin ' ? eddie that -a-boy . Hospital . badalato I don ' need a hospital ... I feel fine . eddie too fine , badalato . the bad news be , you be gonna live . in response badalato gurgle -- it sound , disconcertingly , like a death rattle . eddie make y'a deal . you clean up , I clean up . no more dope . ( amend ) no more dope for a year . ( amend ) for the rest of the year . he haul badalato out of the elevator , and right into -- sklaroff and montell montell , the burlier of the two , fling Eddie against the wall . with a odd , brutal melancholy : montell why would you have to come here , you hippie-dippie fuck ? meantime sklaroff help badalato down the access stair as he murmur soothing assurance in the ex-cop 's ear . as montell roughly pat-search Eddie : eddie montell ... listen to I : vinnie take a buncha pill . he need a hospital . montell make two of ya . he knee Eddie in the groin , then toss he into : int . access stair Eddie tumble down the short flight . then pick himself up as montell hurtle after he . Eddie make a break , into : int . underground garage but esparza 's wait here . he haul off , smash Eddie 's head against the concrete wall . montell goddammit Art , get back in the car ! meantime sklaroff walk badalato past a row of dark sedan huddle like hearse ... past a mesh gate that guard the building 's ancient furnace , crackle with flame , spew steam ... to a unmarked car park at the far end of the garage . softly , suppress he unbearable tension : sklaroff vin ... what would you tell the lawyer ? he open the back door , maneuver badalato onto the seat . badalato Lou ... with infinite kindness , infinite patience : sklaroff I be here , vin . so 's Dave . we need to know what you tell the lawyer . badalato nod , slowly . a stone , beatific smile form . badalato I come clean ... pain stab sklaroff 's face . he pat badalato 's knee . sklaroff good , vinnie ... you wait here . as he start back to where montell and esparza stand over Eddie , sklaroff draw the gun from he shoulder- holster . his face , in the dirty yellow flourescent light down here , be a taut , shiny death mask . quietly : sklaroff vinnie tell ' im everything . woozily , as he mop the blood from he brow with a sleeve : eddie what , " everything " ? you shot a corpse . I do not give a shit about that -- ! esparza let 's snuff this lowlife ! eddie ( to esparza ) hey -- the fact you pop Jimmy Chin in broad daylight prove it be not premeditate . jury will sympathize -- dude be bang you wife , right ? esparza shut you sewer mouth ! he lunge at Eddie . montell pull he back . eddie killing I in the middle of the trial would cause quite a stink ... ( to esparza ) it will not be clean like with chuckie . what , y'treat he to a match -head of pure smack ...? esparza shake montell loose . esparza that 's right -- I be a generous guy ! montell gaze with loathing at esparza . montell -- who would y'waste now , Art ? meantime sklaroff level the gun at Eddie 's face . sklaroff goddam you . esparza do it . so we can go home . sklaroff 's finger twitches , on the trigger . eddie still let you snitch run you ? sklaroff 's eye flash . Eddie 's touch a nerve . montell Lou ... we have to . esparza waste he , y'little worm ! sklaroff 's gaze fly from esparza to Eddie to montell . all four men' face be slick with sweat . esparza ( draw he .32 ) okay then I will put this filthy lawyer freak out of he mis - - abruptly sklaroff swivel , jam he gun against esparza 's ear and fire . as esparza topple backward , eye and mouth wide : sklaroff shut up , Art . Eddie jump up in horror . montell blink at sklaroff . sklaroff shoulda do that eight year ago . waving he gun at esparza 's ruin head , sklaroff hoarsely shout at Eddie : sklaroff you see that ? you wanna be like that ? eddie no. no ... sklaroff you fuck swear to shut up ! montell register shock at he partner 's offer . montell ... we can not trust this fuck ... sklaroff ( at Eddie ) you gonna keep quiet -- ? Eddie consider for a moment that feel like forever . then : eddie I can not do that ... keep quiet ? you can not ask I to do that ! montell ( explode ) shoot ' im , f'r chrissake ! desperate , sklaroff kick esparza 's corpse . sklaroff that 's the motherfucker kill Jimmy Chin . it 's justice ...! Eddie nod ... he agree ... eddie but I have a client eight year in prison do not do it ... montell grab the gun from sklaroff . montell you sorry bastard . eye fix on the gun , Eddie take a step back . eddie my guy 's gotta walk . you hear I ? montell swallow hard , then raise the gun . eddie you hear what I be say ? it 's over -- all the bullshit . you bullshit , my bullshit -- all the lie -- that 's it , party 's over , enough 's enough ... y'live a lie , you die inside -- do not you know that ? ( then , softly ) I have to go now . I have to be in court . Eddie turn . montell's gun point at Eddie 's back . his finger tighten on the trigger . eddie cross the oil-stain concrete ... past the row of black sedan , the clanking furnace ... barely able to breathe ... wait for the bullet . montell's arm start to shake , just slightly . he bring up he other arm , to steady the gun . eddie have traverse this humid half - acre of hell ... he reach the unmark car . a bleary badalato look up at he , Eddie hold out a hand . his voice catch : eddie vinnie ... you come ? badalato reach up . and take Eddie 's hand . montell and sklaroff sklaroff place he hand on montell 's wrist . he help he partner slowly lower the gun . Party 's over . eddie and badalato awkwardly walk up the ramp . the sun be just rise over New York City . the two man squint as they come into the light . CUT to : int . courtoom - next morning the pillar have bail out . shu sit at the Defense table . not happy to be here . Roger stand . roger you honor , Mr. dowd indicate that he may be detain this morning ... he ask I to fill in for he ... judge this do not amuse I , Mr. B -- the door open . it 's eddie . tatter , bruise and tired . at the prosecution table rabin nudge reynard . it appear that the defense have be on a titanic bender . scene the judge put on a sarcastic smile . judge good morning , Mr. dowd . do you think you might be up to cross - examine Mr. ortega this morning ? eddie you honor : I imagine that , no matter how careful my question , Mr. ortega would , in he well - intentioned way , dig my client 's hole even deeper . judge quealy nod . not without a trace of compassion . judge well then , do the defense have any witness ? eddie I suppose I could find a inmate who would say that shu boast about Chinatown just to survive in the joint -- though he do not really do it ... at the defense table shu look up . interested , again , in the proceedings . scene eddie I guess I could find witness to dispute every point make by the d.a . but in the end , would we be any closer to understanding what really happen eight year ago ? as Mr. reynard have say , this matter be cloak in secrecy ... how can we , here in the safety and sanctity of this court , presume to pass judgment on shu Kai Kim , a refugee ... at the defense table reynard trade smug look with rabin and start pack he briefcase . eddie' voice ... who have spend he young adulthood like a cage animal in a prison where kill or be kill be the code ... scene his impatience tinged with pity : judge -- then you do not wish to call any witness , Mr. dowd ? eddie I would like to put shu 's alleged crime in a context , you honor . and we do have the foremost expert on prison and street gang right here in this room ... if it please the court , I would like to call Mr. reynard . at the defense table dean rabin look outrage . reynard be merely annoyed . reynard I would ask oppose counsel to make a offer of proof that this be anything more than a desperate tactic . judge will you both approach the bench ...? reynard stride up . as Eddie join he : reynard -- can not Mr. dowd find he own expert witness , you honor ? eddie I would need a continuance . Three week at least . judge quealy sigh . he do not have three week to waste . judge you question would of course be restrict to Mr. reynard 's area of expertise . reynard it 's a last-ditch ploy , you honor ... the Defense clearly hope that my presence on the stand will create the opportunity to call for a mistrial . he flash Eddie a grim smile . reynard but the Defense be mistaken . reynard proceed to the witness box . though it 's clearly a formality , the d.a. must be swear in . clerk do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? reynard I do . Eddie amble over to the witness box . eddie let 's start by establish you credential as a expert witness , Mr. reynard . in the late ' 70 you lead a investigation into a colombian crime syndicate call " the ochoa " ? as though indulge a child : reynard yes , Mr. dowd . eddie do not this investigation , with its attendant publicity , catapult you into the office you now hold ? reynard if I be sit where I normally sit , I would say " call for speculation . " the juror be charme by reynard 's ironic bonhomie . eddie do you do any hand - on work or do you just supervise , from on high ? reynard Mr. dowd , I be personally involved with all phase -- and principal -- of the investigation . eddie and who be the detective who assist you , Mr. reynard ? reynard glance into Eddie 's eye , to read what 's behind they . eddie his expression give away nothing . scene reynard , as he answer , manage to sound perfectly casual . reynard Lou sklaroff , vin badalato , Dave montell . eddie the same three detective on the Jimmy Chin case . judge quealy perk up considerably . reynard in that day , they often work as a team . eddie and who be arturo esparza ? reynard hesitates . then : reynard I do not think I know that name . eddie -- but you just say you be personally involved with all the principal of the investigation . reynard I can not be expect to remember the name of every informant eight year after the fact . eddie I do not say he be a informant . but since you mention it , be not esparza you primary informant ? reynard ( bristle ) you be trespasp into the area of witness protection , Mr. dowd . such showboat put life at risk . heedless , Eddie hammer at he . eddie be not it true that without esparza , you have no investigation ? reynard ( scalding contempt ) I think you be a dangerous man , Mr. dowd . eddie I hope so , Mr. reynard . Eddie move in closer . eddie on the night of November 2 , 1980 , do Art esparza phone you at home to say , " I just kill a man in Chinatown -- people see I do it " ? the reporter trade look , then start to madly scribble . reynard ( ice ) no. eddie no ? then what do he say ? dean rabin have no idea what 's go on . all he know be that he must do something . he stand . rabin objection . badger the witness . judge quealy 's wither glance cause the deputy d.a. to sink back down and stay down . eddie you would work too hard to let esparza 's crime of passion spoil everything . you order you team to comb through the mugbook . find a patsy . Frame he . ( beat ) protect you case . ( beat ) protect you career . be not that so ? the courtroom suck in a collective breath . reynard that 's a outrageous accus ... reynard trail off as , in the back of the courtroom : vin badalato be help into the courtroom by connie . who pointedly sit she brother behind the defense , with Kitty and Mrs. Kim . reynard a cornere animal . his gaze flick from badalato to Eddie . scene this time Eddie return reynard 's gaze . eddie put away one punk enable you to keep you informant out of prison and in place . shu have go pale . tear stream down mrs . kim 's face . kitty reach a arm around she shoulder , to comfort she . eddie by keep you informant out of prison and in place , you be able to complete you work . ultimately you save score of life , do not you ? no answer . now Eddie invoke the d.a. 's pet principle : eddie it be a trade - off , be not it ? quietly , with a kind of tragic dignity : reynard a trade - off , yes ... ( then ) I would do it again . Eddie nod . then return to the defense table and sit , between Roger and shu . Eddie look drain but exalt . he can sleep now . eddie the defense rest . CUT to : int . prison cell - morning shu Kai Kim sit on the edge of he cot . listen to the echo of footstep that grow louder . in eight year of wait , a man learn patience . the footstep stop , tumbler turn . still , shu do not move ; move might break the spell . the cell door slide OPEN . c.o.' voice c'mon , Kim . time to go . ext . parking lot shu emerge from the Main Gate , tote a sad little vinyl valise . blink , as though he have not see daylight in year . he head toward the concrete depot where a bus will take he south , to New York City . how strange to walk without shackle , handcuffs , armed guard . os he hear : man' voice need a lift ? Edward c. dowd lounge against he riviera . shu cock he head , stare at the lawyer . Eddie shrug , stare down . Three beat . when he look up -- shu be stand before he . search for word . fail to find they . at last : eddie shit , man -- let 's get out of here . now roger step out of the car , hold open the door for shu . the riviera spew cloud of pollution , Eddie 's car pull away . rise over the turret and tower and electrify fence as Eddie , Roger and shu drive away from the prison , to freedom . fade out : the end