true Romance by quentin tarantino August 1992 early draft for educational purpose only when you be tired of relationship , try a romance . '' his film be a desperate cry from the heart of a grotesque fast food culture . " - french critic on the film of Roger corman . " \.. Beyond all the naivete and stupidity , beyond the vulgarity inherent in the amount of money involved , beyond all this , a certain grandeur have roote itself into the scheme , and I could still spy a reckless and artistic splendor to the way we have carry it out . " - clifford Irving on the Howard Hughes hoax . true Romance fade in : detroit skyline - twilight monotone begin MAIN title . gotham city in deep winter . percy sledge hammer out , " when a man love a woman . " Dark , overcast , snow - fill sky shroud big black monolith set in wasteland of a post holocaust city -- occasional car headlight dissect the blackness . series of shot Ansel Adams type city scape , the camera move into the darkness of the vertical monolith to find occasional human creature comforting themselves around open fire . glimpse , crack lip and frighten eye assault the camera through a haze of cold breath . a dark planet resembling the pupil of a eye reflect a open fire . Red vein dissect the gray , white void around the planet . it blink -- it be a eye . end of title . screen to black : fade in : ext . cadillac bar - twilight gotham city rise up in the b.g. int . bar - night a smoky cocktail bar in downtown Detroit . clarence worley , a young hipster , hepcat , be try to pick up on a older lady name lucy . she be not bother by he , in fact , she 's a little charme . but , you can tell that she be not go to leave she barstool . clarence in jailhouse rock , he 's everything rockabilly 's about . I mean , he be rockabilly : mean , surly , nasty , rude . in that movie he could not give a fuck about anything except rockin ' and rollin' , livin ' fast , dyin ' young , and leave a good lookin ' corpse . ( more ) clarence ( cont 'd ) I love that scene where after he 's make it big he 's throw a big cocktail party , and all this highborw be there , and he 's sing , ' baby you be so Square ... baby , I do not Care . ' now , they get he dress like a dick . he 's wear this stupid lookin ' pants , this horrible sweater . elvis be not no sweater boy . I even think they get he wearin ' penny loafer . despite all that shit , all the highbrow at the party , big house , stupid clothes , he 's still a rude lookin ' motherfucker . I would watch that hillbilly and I would want to be he so bad . elvis look good . I be no fag , but elvis be good lookin' . he be fuckin ' prettier than most woman . I always say if I ever have to fuck a guy ... I mean have to cuz my life depend on it ... I would fuck elvis . Lucy take a drag from she cigarette . lucy I would fuck elvis . clarence really ? lucy when he be alive . I would not fuck he now . clarence I do not blame you . ( they laugh ) so , we would both fuck elvis . it 's nice to meet people with common interest , be not it ? Lucy laugh . clarence well , enough about the king , how ' bout you ? lucy how ' bout I what ? clarence how ' bout you go to the movie with I tonight ? lucy what be we gonna go see ? clarence a sonny chiba triple feature . the streetfighter , return of the streetfighter , and sister streetfighter . lucy who 's sonny chiba ? clarence he be , bar none , the great actor work in martial art movie ever . lucy ( not believe this ) you wanna take I to a kung fu movie ? clarence ( hold up three finger ) Three kung fu movie . Lucy take a drag from she cigarette . lucy ( laugh ) I do not think so . not my cup of tea . int . dingy HOTEL room - day title card : " motorcity " the sound of the CITY flow in through a open window : car horn , gun shot and voice . paint be peel off the wall and the once green carpet be stain black . on the bed nearby be a huge open suitcase fill with clear plastic bag of cocaine . shotgun and pistol have be drop carelessly around the suitcase . on the far end of the room , against the wall , be a tv , " bewitch " be play . on the opposite end of the room , by the front door , be a table . drexl spivey and floyd dixon sit around it . Cocaine be on the table as well as little plastic bag and a weigher . floyd be black , drexl be a white boy , but you would not know it to listen to he . drexl nigger , get outta my face with that bullshit . floyd naw man , I do not be eatin ' that shit . drexl that 's bullshit . big don watt , a stout , mean-look black man who 's older than drexl and floyd , walk through the door carry hamburger and french fries in two greasy brown paper bag . floyd naw man , that 's some serious shit . drexl nigger , you lie like a big dog . big D what the fuck be you talkin ' about ? drexl floyd say he do not be eatin ' pussy . big D shit , any nigger say he do not eat pussy be lyin ' he ass off . drexl I hear that . floyd hold on a second , Big D . you sayin ' you eat pussy ? big D nigger , I eat everything . I eat the pussy . I eat the butt . I eat every motherfuckin ' thang . drexl preach on , Big D. floyd looky here . if I ever do eat some pussy -- I would never eat any pussy -- but , if I do eat some pussy , I sure as hell would not tell no goddamn body . I would be ashamed as a motherfucker . big D shit ! nigger you smoke enough sherm you dumb ass '1l do a lot a crazy ass thing . ( more ) drexl and drexl and big D ( cont 'd ) so you will not eat pussy ? motherfucker , you will be up there suckin ' nigger ' dick . drexl Heard that . Big D bump fist . floyd yeah , that 's right , laugh . it 's so funny , oh it 's so funny . ( he take a hit off of a joint ) there use to be a time when sister do not know shit about gettin' they pussy lick . then the sixty come a ' they start fuckin ' around with white boy . and white boy be freak for that shit -- drexl -- because it 's good ! floyd then after a while sister get use to gettin' they little pussy eat . and because you white boy have to make pig of yourselves , you fuck it up for every nigger in the world everywhere . big D ( solemly ) drexl . on behalf of I and all the brother who be not here . I would like to express we gratitude -- Big D bust up . floyd go on , pussy eater ... laugh . you look like you be eatin ' pussy . you get pussy - eatin ' mug . now if a nigger want to get he dick suck he 's get to do a bunch of fuck up shit . big D so you do eat pussy ! floyd naw , naw ! big D you do not like it but you eat that shit . ( to drexl ) he eat it . drexl damn skippy . he like it too . big D ( mock English accent ) I thinketh he doth protest too much . floyd well fuck you guy then ! you guy be fuck up ! drexl why you trippin ' ? we jus ' fuckin ' with ya . but I wanna ask a question . you with some fine bitch , I mean a brick shithouse bitch -- you be with jayne Kennedy . you be with jayne Kennedy and you say ; ' bitch , suck my dick ! ' and then jayne Kennedy say ; ' first thing first , nigger , I be not suckin’ shit till you bring you ass over here a ' lick my bush ! ' now , what do you say ? floyd I tell jayne Kennedy ' suck my dick or I will beat you ass !' big D nigger , get real . you touch jayne Kennedy she will have you ass in Wayne County so fast -- drexl nigger back off , you be not beatin ' shit . now what would you do ? floyd I would say fuck it ! drexl and Big D get up from the table , disgust and walk away leave floyd sit all alone . Big D sit on the bed , he back turn to floyd , watch " bewitch . " floyd ( yell after they ) ai not no man have to eat pussy ! big D ( not even look ) take that shit somewhere else . drexl ( march back ) you tell jayne Kennedy to fuck it ? floyd if it come down to who eat who , damn skippy . drexl with that terrible mug of yours if jayne Kennedy tell you to eat she pussy , kiss she ass , lick she foot , chow on she shit , and suck she dog dick , nigger , you would aim to please . big D ( glue to tv ) I be hip . drexl in fact , I be gonna show you what I mean with a little demonstration . Big D , toss I that shotgun . without turn away from " bewitch " he pick up the shotgun and toss it to drexl . drexl ( to floyd ) allright , check this out . ( refer to shotgun ) now , pretend this be jayne Kennedy . and you be you . then , in a blink , he point the shotgun at floyd and blows he away . Big D leap off the bed and spin toward drexl . drexl , wait for he fire from across the room . the blast hit the big man in the right arm and shoulder , spin he around . drexl make a bee-line toward he victim and fire again . Big D be hit with a blast , full in the back . he slam into the wall and drop . drexl collect the suitcase full of cocaine and leave . as he get to the front door he survey the carnage , spit , and walk out . CUT to : int . lyric theater - night sonny chiba , as " streetfighter " Terry surki , dive into a group of guy , fist and foot fly and whip ass on the silver screen . clarence sit , leg over the back of the chair in front of he , nibble on popcorn , eye big as saucer , and a big smile on he face . ext . lyric theater - night a cab pull up to the outside of the lyric . the marquee carry the name of the triple feature : the Street - fighter , return of the streetfighter , and sister streetfighter . alabama step out of the taxi cab and walk up to the box office . a BOX office girl read a Iron man comic look at she . alabama one , please . BOX office girl ninety - nine cent . alabama which one be on now ? BOX office girl return of the streetfighter . it 's be on about forty - five minute . int . lyric theater - lobby - night Alabama walk into the lobby and go over to the con - cession stand . a young usher take care of she . alabama can I have a medium popcorn ? a super large Mr. pibb , and a box of goober . int . lyric theater it 's still asshole and elbow on the screen with sonny chiba take on all comer . Alabama walk through the door with she bounty of food . she make a quick scan of the theater . not many people be there . she make a bee-line for the front which just so happen to be clarence 's area of choice . she pick the row of seat just behind clarence and start make she way down it . 9 . clarence turn and see this beautiful girl all alone move towards he . he turn he attention back to the screen , try not to be so obvious . when Alabama get right behind clarence , she foot thunks a discard wine bottle , cause she to trip and spill she popcorn all over clarence . alabama oh , look what happen . oh God , I be so sorry . be you okay ? clarence yeah , I be fine . it do not hurt . alabama I be the clumsiest person in the world . clarence ( pick popcorn out of he hair ) it 's okay . do not worry about it . accident happen . alabama ( pick popcorn out of he hair ) what a wonderful philosophy . thanks for be such a sweetheart . you could have be a real dick . Alabama sit back in she seat to watch the movie . clarence try to wipe she out of he mind , which be not easy , and get back into the movie . they both watch the screen for a moment . then , Alabama lean forward and tap clarence on the shoulder . alabama Excuse I . I hate to bother you again . would you mind too terribly on fill I in on what I miss ? jumping at this opportunity . clarence not at all . okay , this guy here , he 's sonny chiba . alabama the Oriental . clarence the Oriental in black . he 's a assassin . ( more ) 10 . clarence ( cont 'd ) now , at the beginning he be hire to kill this guy the cop have . so he get himself arrest . they take he into the police station . and he start kickin ' all the cop ass . now , while keep they at bay , he find the guy he be suppose to kill . do a number on he . kick the cop ' ass some more . kick the bar out of the window . and jump out into a get away car that be wait for he . alabama want some goober ? clarence thanks a lot . alabama I think sonny be the good guy . clarence he be not so much a good guy as he be just a bad motherfucker . sonny do not be bullshittin' . he fuck dude up for life . hold on , a fight scene 's comin ' up . they both watch , eye wide , as sonny chiba kick ass . time CUT : theater - later on the screen , sonny chiba 's all jack up . Dead body lay all around he . " the end " ( in japanese ) flash on the screen . the theater light go up . Alabama 's now sit in the seat next to clarence . they be both applaud . alabama great movie . action pack ! clarence do sonny kick ass or do sonny kick ass ? alabama sonny kick ass . clarence you shouldda see the first original uncut version of the streetfigher . it be the only movie up to that time rate X for violence . but we just see the R . she show 11 . alabama if that be the R , I would love to see the x. clarence my name be clarence , and what be yours ? alabama Alabama Whitman . please to meet ya . clarence be that you real name ? really ? alabama that 's my real name , really . I get proof . see . clarence she driver 's license . clarence well , cut my leg off and call I shorty . there 's a pretty original moniker there , Alabama . sound like a Pam grier movie . ( announcer voice ) she 's a sixteen calibre kitten , equally equipe for killin ' a lovin ' . she carry a saw - off shotgun in she purse , a black belt around she waist , and the white hot fire of hate in she eye . Pam grier be Alabama Whitman . pray for forgiveness . rate r... for ruthless revenge . ext . lyric theatre clarence and Alabama be outside the theatre . with the marquee light up in the b.g. they both perform unskill martial art move . clarence and Alabama break up laugh . clarence where 's you car ? I will walk you to it . alabama I take a cab . clarence you take a cab to see three kung fu movie ? alabama sure . why not ? 12 . clarence nothing . it 's just you be a girl after my own heart . alabama what time be it ? clarence ' Bout twelve . alabama I suppose you gotta get up early , huh ? clarence no . not particularly . ( pause ) how come ? alabama well , it 's just when I see a really good movie I really like to go out and get some pie , and talk about it . it 's sort of a tradition . do you like to eat pie after you have see a good movie ? clarence I love to get pie after a movie . alabama would you like to get some pie ? clarence I would love some pie . int . denny' restaurant - night clarence and Alabama be sit in a booth at a all night denny 's . it 's about 12:30 am . clarence be have a piece of chocolate cream pie and a Coke . Alabama 's nibble on a piece of heat apple pie and sip a large tab . clarence well , enough about the king . how about you ? alabama how ' bout I what ? clarence tell I about yourself . alabama there 's nothing to tell . 13. clarence c'mon . what be ya tryin' to be ? the phantom lady ? alabama what do you want to know ? clarence well , for starter , what do you do ? where be ya from ? what 's you favorite color ? who 's you favorite movie star ? what kinda music do you like ? what be you turn - on and turn -off ? do you have a fella ? what 's the story behind you takin ' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone ? and , in a theatre full of empty seat , why do you sit by I ? Alabama take a bite of pie , put down she fork , and look at clarence . alabama ask I they again . one by one . clarence what do you do ? alabama I do not remember . clarence where be you from ? alabama I might be from tallahassee . but I be not sure yet . clarence what 's you favorite color ? alabama I do not remember . but off the top of my head , I would say black . clarence who 's you favorite movie star ? alabama burt reynold . clarence would you like a bite of my pie ? alabama yes , I would . 14 . clarence scoops up a piece on he fork and Alabama bite it off . she look clarence like it ? alabama very much . now , where be we ? clarence what kinda music do you like ? alabama phil spector . girl group stuff . you know , like ' he 's a rebel . clarence what be you turn - on ? alabama mickey rourke , somebody who can appreciate the finer thing in life , like elvis ' voice , good kung fu , and a tasty piece of pie . clarence turn-offs ? alabama I be sure there must be something , but I do not really remember . the only thing that come to mind be Persians . clarence do you have a fellah ? at clarence and smile . alabama I be not sure yet . ask I again later . clarence what 's the story behind you takin ' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone ? alabama apparently , I be hit on the head with something really heavy , give I a form of amnesia . when I come to , I do not know who I be , where I be , or where I come from . ( more ) 15 . alabama ( cont 'd ) luckily , I have my driver 's license or I would not even know my name . I hope it would tell I where I live , but it have a tallahassee address on it , and I stop someone on the street and they tell I I be in Detroit . so that be no help . but I do have some money on I , so I hop in a cab until I see something ' that look familiar . for some reason , and do not ask I why , that theater look familiar . so I tell he to stop and I get out . clarence and in a theater full of empty seat , why do you sit by I ? alabama because you look like a nice guy , and I be a little scared . and I sure couldda use a nice guy about that time , so I spill my popcorn on you . clarence look at she closely . he pick up he soda and suck on the straw until it make that slurping sound . he put it aside and stare into she soul . a smile crack on she face and develop into a big wide grin . alabama be not you just dazzle by my imagination , lover boy ? ( eat she last piece of pie ) where to next ? int . comic book store - night it 's about 1:30 am . clarence have take Alabama to where he work . it 's a comic book store call " heros for sale . " Alabama think this place be super cool . alabama wow . whatta swell place to work . clarence yeah , I get the key , so I come here at night , hang out , read comic book , play music . alabama how long have you work here ? 16 . clarence almost four year . alabama that 's a long time . clarence I be hip . but you know , I be comfortable here . it 's easy work . I know what I be do . everybody who work here be my buddy . I be friendly with most of the customer . I just hang around and talk about comic book all day . alabama do you get pay a lot ? clarence that 's where the trouble come into paradise . but the boss let you borrow money if you need it . wanna see what spiderman number one look like ? alabama you bet . how much be that worth ? clarence get a box off the shelf . clarence four hundred buck . alabama I do not even know they have store that just sell comic book . clarence well , we see other thing too . cool stuff . man from u.n.c.l.e. lunch box . Green hornet board game . shit like that . but comic book be we main business . there 's a lot of collector around here . she hold up a little g.i. joe-size action figure of a black policeman . alabama what 's this ? clarence that 's a rookies doll . George Stanford Brown . we gotta lotta doll . they be real cool . ( more ) 17 . clarence ( cont 'd ) do you know they come out with doll for all the actor in the Black hole ? I always find it funny that somewhere there 's a kid playin ' with a little figure of Ernest borgnine . he pull out a plastic -encase spiderman comic from the box . clarence spiderman , number one . the one that start it all . clarence show the comic book to Alabama . alabama God , spiderman look different . clarence he be just bear , remember ? this be the first one . you know that guy , Dr. gene Scott ? he say that the story of spiderman be the story of Christ , just disguise . well , I think about that even before I hear he say it . hold on , let I show you my favorite comic book cover of all time . ( pull out another comic ) sgt. fury and he howling commando . one of the coolest series know to man . they be completely worthless . you can get number one for about four buck . but that 's one of the cool thing about they , they be so cheap . ( open one up ) just look at that artwork , will ya . great storey . great character . look at this one . we see the sgt. fury panel . clarence Nick 's get a ring for he sweetheart and he wear it around he neck on a chain . okay , later in the story he get into a fight with a Nazi bastard on a ship . he knock the guy overboard , but the kraut grab a hold of he chain and the ring go overboard too . so , Nick dive into the ocean to get it . be not that cool ? 18 . she 's look into clarence 's eye . he turn and meet she gaze . clarence Alabama , I would like you to have this . clarence hand she the sgt. fury and his howling commado comic book , he love so much . int . clarence's apartment - bedroom - night ( later ) clarence and Alabama make love in he bed . however , while they be not miss a beat during intercourse , clarence can not shut up . the follow dialogue sound exactly like what it be , a man and woman in the throes of passion try to carry on a conversation . clarence you know when you sit behind I ? alabama at the movie ? clarence uh-huh . I be tryin ' to think of something ' to say to you , then I think ' she do not want I bother she . ' alabama what would make you think that ? clarence I dunno . I guess I be just stupid . alabama you be not stupid . just wrong . they lip envelop each other . int . clarence's apartment - bedroom - night ( later ) clarence 's bedroom be a pop culture explosion . Movie poster , picture of elvis , anything you can imagine . the sweaty lovebird be soaking in a post - passion hot bath . by the look of the comfort they share , it would be hard to imagine that they meet not five hour ago . alabama I love Janis . clarence you know a lot of people have misconception of how she die . 19 . alabama she od would , do not she ? clarence yeah , she od would . but she be not on she last leg or anything . she do not take too much . it should not have kill she . there be something wrong with what she take . alabama you mean she get a bad batch ? clarence that 's what happen . in fact , when she die , it be consider to be the happiest time of she life . she would be fuck over so much by man , she do not trust they . she 's have this relationship with this guy and he ask she to marry he . now , other people have ask to marry she before , but she could not be sure whether they really love she or be just after she money . so she say no . and the guy say , ' look I really love you and I wanna prove it . so have you lawyer draw up a paper that say no matter what happen , I can never get any of you money , and I will sign it . ' so she do , and he do and he ask she and she say yes . and once they be engage , he tell she a secret about himself that she never know ; he be a millionaire . alabama so he really love she ? clarence uh-huh . int . clarence's live room - day it 's the next day . clarence wake up in he bed alone . he look around and no Alabama , but the skylight to the roof be open . the stair be down . clarence pull on a large ratty fur coat salvage from a thrift shop and head for the roof . 20 . *** ext . clarence's apartment ( downtown detroit ) - roof dawn it be early , a time when even Detroit look beautiful . clarence 's run-down victorian apartment building be dwarf between gotham City high rise and 70' glass behemoth . on the roof be a enormous marlboro billboard -- monument Valley frame the all american cowboy . on the catwalk , in a strange green underlight , which illuminate the billboard , be Alabama . she be sit on a yellow plastic collapsible beach chair , swathed in a large overcoat and blanket . this be clarence 's terrace where he often survey the city . he approach Alabama along the cat - walk . she try to compose herself . clarence what 's wrong , sweetheart ? do I do something ? what do I do ? alabama you do not do nothin’ . clarence do you hurt yourself ? ( he take she foot ) what would ya do ? step on thumbtack . clarenc unfold a second beach chair and sit next to Alabama . alabama clarence , I have get something to tell you . I do not just happen to be at that theater . I be pay to be there . clarence what be you , a theater checker ? you check up on the box office girl ? make sure they be not rip the place off . alabama I be not a theater checker . I 'ma call girl . pause . clarence you be a whore ? alabama I be a call girl , there be a difference , you know . ( more ) 21 . *** alabama ( cont 'd ) ( she take a deep breath , between sob ) I do not know , maybe there 's not . that place you take I to last night , that comic book place . clarence heros for sale ? alabama here go : you get a boss , right ? clarence yeah ... I get a boss . I work at ' heroes for sale . ' it 's a comic book store . it 's great because most of the customer only come in to browse . so I can pretty much do ... alabama ( cut he off ) what 's he name ? clarence my boss ... my boss be call lance . alabama that 's he . he call where I work and order a girl for you . he tell they that you do not get out much and he want you to get laid ... seein ' it be you birthday and all . but he do not want I just to show up . he want I to act like I pick you up . the plan be for I to bump into you , pick you up , spend the night and skip out after you fall asleep . I be gonna write you a note and say that this be my last day in America . that I be leavin ' on a plane this morning to the Ukraine to marry a rich millionaire , and thank you for make my last day in America my best day . clarence that dazzle imagination . alabama it 's on you tv . shine read it . all it say be : ' dear clarence . ' ( more ) 22 . alabama ( cont 'd ) I could not write anymore . I do not want to ever see you again . in fact , it 's stupid not to ever see you again . last night ... I do not know ... I feel ... I have not have that much fun since girl scout . so I just say , ' Alabama , come clean . let he know , what 's what , and if he tell you to go fuck yourself then go back to drexl and fuck yourself . ' clarence who and what be a drexl ? alabama my pimp . clarence you have a pimp ? alabama uh-huh . clarence a real live pimp ? alabama uh-huh . clarence be he black ? alabama he think he be . he say he mother be Apache , but I suspect he 's lie . clarence be he nice ? alabama well , I would not go so far as to call he nice , but he 's treat I pretty decent . but I have only be there about four day . he get a little rough with arlene the other day . clarence what do he do to arlene ? alabama slapped she around a little . punched she in the stomach . it be pretty scary . 23. clarence this motherfucker sound charming ! clarence be on he foot , furious . clarence God damn it , Alabama , you gotta get the fuck outta there ! how much longer before he 's slappin ' you around ? punchin ' you in the stomach ? how the fuck do you get hook up with a douche bag like this in the first place ? alabama at the bus station . he say I would be a perfect call girl . and that he know a agency in California that , on he recommendation , would handle I . they have a very exclusive clientele : movie star , big business man , total white collar . and all the girl in the agency get a grand a night . at least five hundred . they drive porsch , live in condo , have stockbroker , carry beeper , you know , like Nancy Allen in dress to kill . and when I be ready he would call ‘em , give I a plane ticket , and send I on my way . he say he make a nice finder 's fee for find they hot prospect . but no one 's gonna pay a grand a night for a girl who do not know whether to shit or wind she watch . so what I be doin ' for drexl now be just sorta learnin ' the rope . it seem like a lotta fun , but I do not really like it much , till last night . you be only my third trick , but you do not feel like a trick . since it be a secret , I just pretend I be on a date . and , um , I guess I want a second date . clarence thank you . I wanna see you again too . and again , and again , and again . bama , I know we have not know each other long , but my parent go together all through high school , and they still get a divorce . so fuck it , you wanna marry I ? alabama what ? clarence will you be my wife ? when Alabama give she answer , she voice crack . alabama yes . clarence ( a little surprised ) you will ? alabama you better not be fuckin ' teasin ' I . clarence you better not be fuckin ' teasin ' I . they seal it with a kiss . closeup - alabama' wedding ring - later that night 24 . pull back to reveal the newlywed be both snuggling up together on the couch watch tv . the movie they be watch be " the incredible one armed Boxer versus . the master of the Flying guillotine . " Alabama watch the screen , but every so often she look down to admire the ring on she hand . clarence do ya ever see the chinese professional ? alabama I do not believe so . clarence well , that 's the one that explain how Jimmy wang yu become the incredible one - armed Boxer . we hear , o.s. , the tv announcer say : tv announcer ( v.o. ) we will return to Jimmy wang yu in ... the incredible one - armed Boxer versus . the master of the Flying guillotine , tonight 's eight o'clock movie , after this important message ... clarence look at the tv. 25 . *** he feel the warmth of Alabama 's hand hold he . we see commercial play . he turn in she direction . she 's absent - mindedly look at she wedding ring . he smile and turn back to the tv . more commercial . dolly close on clarence 's face . flash on Alabama , right after he propose . alabama you better not be fuckin ' teasin ' I . flash on in a cute , all - night wedding chapel . clarence dress in a rent tuxedo and Alabama in a rent white wedding gown . alabama I do . clarence thank you . flash on clarence and Alabama , dress in tux and gown , do a lover 's waltz on a ballroom dance floor . flash on clarence and Alabama in a taxi cab . clarence hello , Mrs. worley . alabama how do you do , Mr. worley ? clarence top -o- the morning to you , Mrs. worley . 26 . *** alabama bottom of the ninth , Mr. worley . oh , by the by , Mr. worley , have you see you lovely wife today ? clarence oh , you be speak of my charming wife , Mrs. Alabama worley . alabama of course . be there other , Mr. worley ? move on top of she . clarence not for I . he start kissing she and move she down on the seat . she resist . alabama ( playfully ) no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no ... clarence ( playfully ) yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , yes ... ext . tattoo parlor - day seedy hole in the wall tattoo parlor frame between a chinese take - away and a laundromat . clarence 's car sit with two wheel up on the curb . int . tattoo parlor - close on needle - day colorize a red banner . the banner read : clarence . little airborne cherub sport the banner . Alabama be down on a table sweat , grip clarence 's hand . be sport a mirror tattoo on he upper arm but this the banner read : alabama and the cherub be release arrow from he bow . a aging English punk rocker wear baggy short , a assortment of strange body tattoo and Doc martin , perform the surgery on Alabama 's butt . billy idol be '' White wedding " boom through the small sweaty space . as Alabama go through the painful tattoo , she fill clarence in on she history . a face he time a 27 . alabama ... I want you to know for instance I be not the school whore . I have a boyfriend in junior high , David , he play basketball . then he move away and I do not have a boyfriend again for a year . then at the end of my junior year I get another boyfriend , Glenn . clarence what be he ? alabama chinese . anyway , we go together for a little while then break up . I be tell you all this so you will understand I be not what we call in Florida , white trash . I 'ma very nice person . and when it come to relationship I be totally one hundred percent ' managama ' -- ' manamama . ' clarence you stay with one guy . alabama exactly . if I be with you , I be with you . I do not want anybody else . everything I just say be the truth so maybe you will not hold any lie I say last night against I too much . clarence baby doll , last night be one of the great night of my life . so stop apologize for make my dream come true . flash on a big mean-look black man in pimp clothes . pimp bitch , you better git yo ass back on the street a ' git I my money ! flash on pimp on street corner with he arm around Alabama , give a sale pitch to a potential customer . 28 . *** pimp I be tellin ' you , my man , this bitch be fine . this girl 's a freak ! you can fucker in the ass , fucker in the mouth . Rough stuff too . she 's a freak for it . jus ' try not to fucker up for life . flash on pimp beat Alabama . pimp you holdin ' out on I , girl ? bitch , you never learn ! flash on Alabama passionately kissing the uninterested pimp . . pimp . hang it up , momma . I get no time for this bullshit . back to : tv with kung fu on it back to : clarence's face there 's definitely something different about he eye . clarence spring off the couch and go into he bedroom . Alabama 's startle by he sudden movement . alabama ( yell after he ) where you goin ' , honey ? clarence ( 0.s. ) I just gotta get somethin’ . int . clarence's apartment - bathroom - night clarence splashes water on he face try to wash away the image that keep pollute he mind . then , he hear a familiar voice . elvis presley ( 0.s. ) well ? can you live with it ? clarence turn and see that the voice belong to elvis presley . clarence be not surprised to see he . 29 . clarence what ? elvis can you live with it ? clarence live with what ? elvis with that sonofabitch walkin ' around breathin ' the same air as you ? and gettin ' away with it every day . be you haunt ? clarence yeah . elvis you wanna get unhaunt ? clarence yeah . elvis then shoot ‘em . shoot ‘em in the face . and feed that boy to the dog . clarence I can not believe what the fuck you be tell I . elvis I be not tellin ' ya nothin’ . I be just sayin ' what I would do . clarence you would really do that ? elvis he do not get no right to live . clarence look , elvis , he be haunt I . he do not deserve to live . and I do not want to kill he . but I do not want to go to jail for the rest of my life . elvis I do not blame you . clarence if I think I could get away with it -- 30 . elvis killin ' them 's the hard part . gettin ' away with it be the easy part . whaddya think the cop do when a pimp 's kill ? burn the midnight oil tryin ' to find who do it ? they could not give a flyin ' fuck if all the pimp in the whole wide world take two in the back of the fuckin ' head . if you do not get catch at the scene with the smokin ' gun in you hand , you get away with it . clarence look at elvis . elvis clarence , I like ya . always have , always will . int . clarence's apartment - bedroom - close on snubnoseed - 38 - night which clarence load and stick in a heavy athletic sock he 's wear . int . clarence's apartment - live room - night clarence return . clarence sweetheart , write down you former address . alabama what ? clarence write down drexl 's address . alabama why ? clarence so I can go over there and pick up you thing . alabama ( really scared ) no , clarence . just forget it , babe . I jus ' wanna disappear from there . he kneel down before she and hold she hand . 31 . clarence look , sweetheart , he scare you but I be not scared of that motherfucker . he can not touch you now . you be completely out of he reach . he pose absolutely no threat to we . so if he do not matter , which he do not it would be stupid to lose you thing now , would not it ? alabama you do not know he -- clarence you do not know I . not when it come to shit like this . I have to do this . I need for you to know you can count on I to protect you . now write down he address . cut to : int / ext . red mustang - downtown detroit street - twilight image what bel Air would be like if the crime rate get so bad that people just say " fuck it " and leave . the dealer , pimp , and filth of the world have take over . they just move right into the large victorian mansion that at one time be nice . that time be go for sure , all the house that still stand be in a accelerate state of decay . between the house , in what be once spacious grounds , there now exist only no - man 's land where all of the deal take place . the live dead of the drug world wander about . clarence drive through all of this until he get to the address write on the tv guide . ext . downtown detroit STREET - twilight it 's pretty late at night . clarence step out of he red mustang . he 's right smack dab in the middle of a bad place to be in the daytime . he check he pulse on he neck , it 's beat like a race horse . to pump himself up , he do a quick elvis presley gyration . clarence ( in elvis ' voice ) yeah ... yeah ... he start walk into the large open field . 32 .*** ext . no - man' land field - twilight clarence have a beat to he stride that say " confidence . " but with each step into the dimly light expanse , thought of '' what the hell be I do " begin creep into he mind . in the b.g. , against the dilapidate mansion , clarence can see the eerie glow that at one time may have be firefly ... today it 's crack pipe . clarence approach jupiter , a disease - look dealer / junkie who think clarence be there to score . jupiter my man , let I show you to the white lady . this stop clarence cold . jupiter I get crack , crank , smack , dope ... man , I sell hope . send you to the moon and back . then some . clarence walk past he like a man on a mission . jupiter chill , man , life be not that bad . and Jupiter walk off to confront another customer . clarence make he way , more confident than ever , toward the door of a large , dark victorian mansion . ext . dark victorian - twilight clarence step up to the massive door of the house . his heart 's really racing now . he have the tv guide that Alabama write the address on in he hand . he knock on the door use the huge knocker . marty answer the door . marty you want somethin' ? clarence drex1 ? marty Nah , man . I be marty . whatcha want ? clarence I gotta talk to drexl . 33 . marty well , what the fuck you wanna tell he ? clarence it 's about Alabama . a figure appear in the doorway , wear a yellow farrah fawcett T-shirt . it 's we friend , drexl . drexl where the fuck be that bitch ? clarence she 's with I . drexl who the fuck be you ? clarence I be she husband . drexl well , that make we practically related . bring you ass on in . int . drexle live room - night drexl and marty about - face and walk into the room continue a conversation they be have and leave clarence stand in the doorway . this be not the confrontation clarence expect . he trail in behind drexl and marty . drexl ( to marty ) what be I sayin ' ? marty rock whore . drexl you be not see nothin ' like this rock whore . they ass be young , man . they get that fine young pussy . bitches want the rock they be freak for you . they give you hip , lip and the fingertip . drexl look over he shoulder at clarence . drexl ( to clarence ) you know what I be talk about ? 34 . drexl gesture to one of the three stone hooker loung about on couch in the large live room that have be transformed from something dignify to a cesspool . drexl ( to marty ) this bitch over here be not shit . you stomp they bitch to death to get the kinda pussy I be talk about . drexl sit down on the couch with a card table in front of it scattered with take - out box of chinese food . the black exploitation movie the mack with Max Julian be play on the tv . this be not how clarence expect to confront drexl , but this be exactly what he expect drexl to be like . he position himself in front of the food table , demand drexl 's attention . drexl ( eat with chopstick ; to clarence ) grab a seat there , boy . want some dinner ? grab yourself a eggroll . we get everything here from a diddle - eye joe to a damned - if - I - know . clarence no thanks . drexl no thanks ? what do that mean ? means you eat before you come on down here ? all full ? be that it ? Nah , I do not think so . I think you be too scared to be eatin' . now , see , we be sit down here ready to negotiate , and you have already give up you shit . I be still a mystery to you . but , I know exactly where you ass be comin ' from . see , if I ask you if you want some dinner and you grab a eggroll and start to chow down , I would say to myself ' this motherfucker 's carryin ' on like he be not get a care in the world . who know , maybe he do not . maybe this fool 's such a bad motherfucker , he do not get to worry about nothin' . he jus ' sit down , eat my chinese , watch my tv . see ? you be not even sit down yet . ( more ) 35 . drexl ( cont 'd ) on that tv there , since you be in the room , be a woman with she titty hangin ' out , and you be not even bother to look . you jus ' be starin ' at I . now , I know I be pretty , but I be not as pretty as a couple a titty . clarence take out a envelope and throw it on the table . clarence I be not eatin ' ' cause I be not hungry . I be not sittin ' ' cause I be not stayin’ . I be not lookin ' at the movie ' cause I see it seven year ago . it 's the mack with Max Julian , Carol speed and Richard pryor , write by Bobby poole , direct by Michael campus , and release by cinema releasing company in nineteen - seventy - four . I be not scared of you . I just do not like you . in that envelope be some payoff money . Alabama 's move on to some greener pasture . we be not negotiate . I do not like to barter . I do not like to dicker . I never have fun in Tijuana . that price be non - negotiable . what 's in that envelope be for my peace of mind . my peace of mind be worth that much . not one penny more , not one penny more . you could hear a pin drop in the room . once clarence start talk , marty go on full alert . drexl stop eat and the whore stop breathe . all eye be on drexl . drexl drop he chopstick and open the envelope . it 's empty . drexl it 's empty . clarence flash a wide cheshire cat grin that say " that 's right , asshole . " silence . drexl oooo00000 eeeeeeee ! this child be terrible . marty , you know what we get here ? motherfuckin ' Charlie bronson . be that who you suppose to be , Mr. majestyk ? looky , here , Charlie , none of this shit be necessary . I be not get no hold on Alabama . I jus ' tryin ' to lend the girl a helpin ' hand . 36 . before drexl finish the sentence , he pick up the card table and throw it at clarence , catch he off guard . marty come up behind clarence and throw he arm around he neck , put he in a tight choke hold . clarence , with he free arm , hit marty hard with he elbow in the solar plexus . we will never know whether that blow have any effect because just at that moment drexl take a fly leap and tackle the two guy . all of they go crash into the stereo unit and a couple of shelf that hold record , all of which collapse to the floor in a shower of lp 's . marty , who 's on the bottom of the pile have not let go of clarence . since drexl 's on top he start slamm he fist into clarence 's face . clarence , who 's sandwich between this two guy , can not do a whole lot about it . drexl ya wanna fuck wit ' I ? ( hit clarence ) ya wanna fuck wit ' I ? ( hit clarence ) I will show ya who you be fuckin ' wit ' ! he hit clarence hard in the face with both fist . clarence , who have no leverage whatsoever , grab hold of drexl 's face and dig he nail in . he stick he thumb in drexl 's mouth , grab a piece of cheek and start twist . marty , who 's in even worse of a position , can not do any - thing but tighten he grip around clarence 's neck until clarence feel like he eye be go to pop out of he head . drexl 's face be get tear up but he 's also bite down hard on clarence 's thumb . clarence raise he head and bring it down hard , crunching marty 's face and busting he nose . marty loosen he grip on clarence 's neck . clance wriggle free and get up onto he knee . drexl and clarence be now on even foot , but awkward foot it be . the two be go at each other like a pair of alley cat , not aim they punch , just keep - ing they come fast and furious . they be not do much damage to each other because they position , almost like a hockey fight . 37 . marty sneak up behind clarence and smashes he in the head with a stack of lp 's . this disorient clarence . marty grab he from behind and pull he to he foot . drexl sock he in the face . one , two , three ! then he kick he hard in the ball . marty let go and clarence hit the floor like a sack of potato . he curl up into a fetal position and hold he ball , tear come out of he eye . drexl 's face be tear up from clarence 's nail . marty have blood stream down he face from he nose and onto he shirt . drexl ( to marty ) you okay ? that stupid dumb -ass do not break you nose , do he ? marty Nah . it do not feel so good but it 's all right . drexl kick clarence , who 's still on the ground , hurt . drexl ( to clarence ) you see what you get when you fuck wit ' I , white boy ? you be gonna walk in my goddamn house , my house ! gonna come in here and tell I ! takin ' that smack in front of my employee . shit ! you ass mus ' be crazy . ( to marty ) I do not think this white boy 's get good sense . hey , marty . ( laugh ) he must o' think it be white boy day . it be not white boy day , be it ? marty ( laugh ) Nah , man , it be not white boy day . drexl ( to clarence ) shit , man , you do not fuck up again . next time you bogart you way into a nigger 's crib and get all in he face , make sure you do it on white boy day . 38 . clarence ( hurt ) wannabee nigger ... drexl fuck you ! my mother be Apache ! drexl kick he again . clarence curl up . drexl bend down and look for clarence 's wallet in he jacket . clarence still can not do much . the kick to he ball still have he down . drexl find the wallet and pull it out . he flip it open to the driver 's license . drexl well , well , well , looky what we get here . clarence worley . sound almost like a nigger name . ( to clarence ) hey , dummy . he put he foot on clarence 's chest . clarence's Pov as he look up . drexl before you bring you dumb ass through the door , I do not know shit . I just chalk it up to au revoir , Alabama . but because you think you be some macho motherfucker , I know who she 's with . you . I know who you be , clarence worley . and I know where you live , 4900 116th Street , apartment 48 . and I will make a million dollar bet Alabama 's at the same address . marty , take the car and go get ‘er . bring she dumb ass back here . back to scene he hand marty the driver 's license . marty go to get the car key and a jacket . drexl ( to marty ) I will keep lover boy here entertained . ( more ) 39 . drexl ( cont 'd ) ( to clarence ) you know the first thing I think I will do when she get here ? I think I will make she suck my dick and I will come all in she face . I mean it be not nuttin ' new . she 's do it before . but I want you as a audience . ( holler to marty ) marty , what the fuck be you do ? marty ( 0.s. ) I be try to find my jacket . drexl look in the hamper . Linda 's be dumpin ' everybody 's stray clothes there lately . while drexl have he attention turn to marty , clarence reach into he sock and pull out the .38 . he stick the barrel between drexl 's leg . drexl , who 's stand over clarence , look down just in time to see clarence pull the trigger and blow he ball to bit . tiny spot of blood speckle clarence 's face . drexl shriek in horror and pain and fall to the ground . marty ( 0.s. ) what 's happen ? marty step into the room . clarence do not hesitate . he shoot marty four time in the chest . two of the three hooker run out of the front door scream - ing . the other hooker be curl up in the corner . she 's too stone to run , but stone enough to be terrify . drexl , still alive , be lie on the ground , howling , hold what 's leave of he ball and dick . clarence point the gun at the remain hooker . clarence get a bag and put Alabama 's thing in it ! she do not move . clarence you wanna get shot ? I be not get all fuckin ' day , so move it ! 40 . the hooker , tear of fear run she mascara , grab a suitcase from under the bed , and on she hand and knee , push it along the floor to clarence . clarence take it by the handle and wobble over to drexl , who 's curl up like a pillbug . closeup - clarence's forgotten driver' license in marty 's bloody hand . back to scene clarence put he foot on drexl 's chest . clarence ( to drexl ) open you eye , laugh boy . he do not . clarence give he a kick . clarence open you eye ! he do . it 's now ... drexle Pov from the floor . clarence you think it be pretty funny , do not you ? he fire . closeup the bullet come out of the gun and head right toward we . when it reach we , the screen go awash in red . int . clarence's apartment - night the front door swing open and clarence walk in . Alabama jump off the couch and run toward clarence , before she reach he he blurt out . clarence I kill he . she stop short . 41 . clarence I have get some food in the car , I will be right back . clarence leave . except for the tv playing , the room be quiet . Alabama sit on the couch . clarance walk back into the room with a whole bounty of take - out food . he heaps it onto the coffee table and start to chow down . clarence help yourself . I get enough . I be fuckin ' starvin ' . I think I order one of everything . he stop and look at she . clarence I be so hungry . he start eat french fries and hamburger . alabama ( in a daze ) be it he or you ? clarence yeah . but to be honest , I put myself in that position . when I drive up there I say to myself , ' if I can kill ‘em and get away with it , I will do it . ' I could . so I do . alabama be this a joke ? clarence no joke . this be probably the best hamburger I have ever have . I be serious , I have never have a hamburger taste this good . Alabama start to cry . clarence continue eat , ignore she . clarence come on , bama , eat something . you will feel better . she continue cry . he continue eat and ignore she . finally , he spin on she yellling : clearance why be you cry ? he 's not worth one of you tear . ( more ) 42 . clarence ( cont 'd ) would you rather it be I ? do you love he ? ( no answer ) do you love he ? ( no answer ) do you love he ? she look at clarence , have a hard time get a word out . alabama I think what you do be ... clarence what ? alabama I think what you do ... clarence what ? alabama I think what you do ... clarence what ? alabama ++. be so romantic . clarence be completely take aback . they meet in a long passionate lover ' kiss . they kiss break and slowly the world come back to normal . alabama I gotta get outta this clothes . clarence I have you thing right here . he pick up the suitcase and drop it on the table in front of they . alabama ( comically ) clean clothes . there be a God . clarence flip open the suitcase . Alabama and she husband 's jaw drop . alabama clarence . that be not my clothes . cut to : 43 . ext . cliff car - moving - morning a big white chevy nova be drive down the road with a sunrise sky as a backdrop . the song " Little bitty tear " be hear acappella . int . cliff car - moving - morning clifford worley be drive he car home from work , sing this song gently to the sunrise . he 's a forty - five year old ex - cop , present security guard . in between sing he take sip from a cup of take - out coffee . he 's dress in a security guard uniform . ext . trailer park - morning cliff 's nova pull in as he keep croon . he pull up to he trailer to see something that stop he short . cliff Pov ( through windshield ) - trailer park clarence and Alabama be wait for he in front of he trailer . closeup on cliff upon see clarence , a little bitty tear roll down cliff 's cheek . back to Pov clarence and Alabama walk over to the car . clarence stick he face through the driver 's side window . clarence good morning , daddy , long time no see . int . trailer home - morning all three enter the trailer home . cliff Excuse the place , I have not be entertaining company as of late . sorry if I be act a little dense , but you be the last person in the world I expect to see this morning . clarence and Alabama walk into the live room . 44 , clarence yeah , well , that 's okay , daddy . I tend to have that effect on people . I be dyin ' of thirst , you get anything to drink ? he move past cliff and head straight for the refrigerator . cliff I think there 's a Seven - up in there . clarence ( rummage around the fridge ) anything stronger ? ( pause ) oh , probaby not . beer ? you can drink beer , can not you ? cliff I can , but I do not . clarence ( close the fridge ) that 's about all I ever eat . cliff look at the girl . she smile sweetly at he . cliff ( to girl ) I be sorry ... I be he father . alabama ( stick she hand out ) that 's okay , I be he wife . ( shaking he hand vigorously ) Alabama worley , please to meetcha . she be really pump he arm , just like a use car salesman , however that 's where the similarity end , because she 's totally sincere . clarence step back into the live room , hold a bunch of little ceramic fruit magnet in he hand . he throw he other arm around Alabama . clarence oh yeah , we get marry . ( refer to magnet ) you still have this ! ( to Alabama ) this be not a complete set , when I be five I swallow the pomegranate one . I never shit it out , so I guess it 's still there . ( more ) 45 . clarence ( cont 'd ) loverdoll , why do not you be a sport and go get we some beer . I want some beer . ( to cliff ) do you want some beer ? well , if you want some it 's here . he hand she some money and he car key . clarence go to the liquor store -- ( to cliff ) where be there a liquor store around here ? cliff uh , yeah .. there 's a party store down 54th . clarence ( to Alabama ) get a six - pack of something import . it 's hard to tell you what to get ' cause different place have different thing . if they get foster , get that , if not ask the guy at the thing what the strongest import beer he have be . look , since you be make a beer run , would you mind too terribly if you do a food run as well . I be fuckin ' starvin ' to death . be you hungry too ? alabama I be pretty hungry . when I go to the store I be gonna get some ding -dong . clarence well , fuck that shit , we will get some real food . what would taste good ? ( to cliff ) what do you think would taste good ? cliff I be really not very -- clarence you know what would taste good ? Chicken . I have not have chicken in a while . Chicken would really hit the spot about now . ( more ) 46 . clarence ( cont 'd ) Chicken and beer , definitely , absolutely , without a doubt . ( to cliff ) where 's a good chicken place around here ? cliff I really do not know . clarence you do not know the chicken place around where you live ? ( to Alabama ) ask the guy at the place where a chicken place be . he give she some more money . clarence this should cover it , auggie - doggie . alabama okee-dokee , doggie - daddy . she open the door and start out . clarence turn to he dad as the door shut . clarence be not she the sweetest God damned girl you ever see in you whole life ? be she a four alarm fire , or what ? cliff she seem very nice . clarence daddy . Nice be not the word . Nice be a insult . she 's a peach . that 's the only word for it , she 's a peach . you can tell I be in love with she ? you can tell by my face , can not ya ? it 's a dead giveaway . it 's write all over it . ya know what ? she love I back . take a seat , pop , I gotta talk -- cliff clarence , just shut up , you be give I a headache ! I can not believe how much like you mother you be . ( more ) 47 . cliff ( cont 'd ) you be you fuck mother through and through . I have not hear from ya in three year . then ya show up all of a sudden at eight o'clock in the morning . you walk in like a goddamn bulldozer ... do not get I wrong , I be happy to see you ... just slow it down . now , when do you get marry ? clarence daddy , I be in big fuckin ' trouble and I really need you help . insert - black title card - " hollywood " int . outside of casting director' office - day four young actor be sit on a couch with side in they hand silently mouth they line . one of the actor be dick ritchie . the casting director , mary louise ravencroft , step into the wait room , clipboard in hand . ravencroft Dick ritchie ? Dick pop up from the pack . dick I be I ... I mean that 's I . ravencroft step inside . int . casting director' office - day she sit behind a large desk . her nameplate rest on the desktop . several poster advertising " the return of t.j. hooker " hang on the wall . Dick sit in a chair , hold he side in he hand . ravencroft well , the part you be read for be one of the bad guy . there 's Brian and marty . Peter breck 's already be cast as Brian . and you be read for the part of marty . now in this scene you be both in a car and Bill shatner 's hang on the hood . and what you be try to do be get he off . ( more ) 48 . ravencroft ( cont 'd ) ( pick up copy of script ) whenever you be ready . dick ( read and pantomime he 's drive ) where would he come from ? ravencroft ( read from the script lifelessly ) I do not know . he just appear like magic . dick ( read from script ) well , do not just sit there . shoot he . she put she script down , and smile at he . ravencroft that be very good . dick thank you . ravencroft if we decide on make hima New York type , could you do that ? dick sure . no problem . ravencroft could we try it now ? dick absolutely . Dick pick up the script and begin , but this time with a Brooklyn accent . dick where would he come from ? ravencroft ( monotone as before ) I do not know . he just appear like magic . dick well , do not just sit there , shoot he . ravnecroft put she script down . 49 . ravencroft well , Mr. ritchie , I be impressed . you be a very fine actor . Dick smile . int . trailer home - day cliff 's completely aghast . he just stare , unable to come to grip with what clarence have tell he . clarence look , I know this be pretty heavy duty , so if you wanna explode , feel free . cliff you be always makin ' joke . that 's what you do , be not it ? make joke . makin ' joke be the one good thing you be good at , be not it ? but if you make a joke about this -- ( raise he voice ) -- I be gonna go completely out of my fuck head ! cliff pause and collect himself . cliff what do you want from I ? clarence what ? cliff stop act like a infant . you be here because you want I to help you in some way . what do you need from I ? you need money ? clarence do you still have friend on the force ? cliff yes , I still have friend on the force . clarence could you find out if they know anything ? I do not think they know shit about we . but I do not wanna ' think , ' I wanna ' know . ' you could find out for sure what 's goin ' on . ( pause ) daddy ? 50 . cliff what make you think I could do that ? clarence you be a cop . cliff what make you think I would do that ? clarence I be you son . cliff you have get it all work out , do not you ? clarence look , goddamnit , I never ask you for a goddamn thing ! I have try to make you parental obligation as easy as possible . after Mom divorced you do I ever ask you for anything ? when I would not see ya for six month to a year at a time , do I ever get in you shit about it ? no ! it be always : ' okay , ' ' no problem , ' ' you be a busy guy , I understand . 's the whole time you be a drunk , do I ever point my finger at you and talk shit ? no ! everybody else do . I never do . you see , I know that you be just a bad parent . you be not really very good at it . but I know you love I . I be basically a pretty resourceful guy . if I do not really need it I would not ask . and if you say no , do not worry about it . I be go . no problem . Alabama walk in through the door carry a shopping bag . alabama the forager 's back . clarence thank God . I could eat a horse if you slap enough catsup on it . alabama I do not get any chicken . clarence how come ? 51 . alabama it 's nine o'clock in the morning . nothing 's open . ext . trailer home - day clarence and cliff stand by clarence 's 1965 red mustang . Alabama be amusing herself by do cartwheel and handstand in the background . cliff they have nothing . in fact , they think it 's drug related . clarence do tell . why drug related ? cliff apparently drexl have he big toe stick in shit like that . clarence no shit ? cliff yeah , drexl have a association with a fella name Blue Lou boyle . name mean anything to you ? clarence nope . cliff if you do not hang around he circle , no reason it should . clarence who be he ? cliff gangster . drug dealer . somebody you do not want on you ass . look , clarence , the more I hear about this drexl fucker , the more I think you do the right thing . that guy be not just some wild flake . clarence that 's what I have be tellin’ ya . the guy be like a mad dog . so the cop be not look for I ? cliff Nah , until they hear something better they will assume drexl and Blue Lou have a fall out . so once you leave town I would not worry about it . 52 . clarence stick he hand out to shake . cliff take it . clarence thanks a lot , daddy . you really come through for I . cliff I get some money I can give you -- clarence keep it . cliff well , son , I want you to know I hope everything work out with you and Alabama . I like she . I think you make a cute couple . clarence we do make a cute couple , do not we ? cliff yeah , well , just stay outta trouble . remember , you gotta wife to think about now . quit fuckin ' around . ( pause ) I love you , son . they hug each other . clarence take a piece of paper out and put it into cliff 's hand . clarence this be Dick 's number in Hollywood . we do not know where we will be , but you can get a hold of I through he . clarence turn toward Alabama 's direction and yell to she . clarence bama , we be outta here . kiss pop goodbye . Alabama run across from where she be and throw she arm around cliff and give he a big smackeroo on the lip . cliff 's a little startle . Alabama 's babbling like a fresca . alabama ' bye , daddy ! hope to see you again real soon . clarence ( mock anger ) what kind of daughterly smackeroo be that ? 53 . alabama oh , hush up . the two get into the mustang . clarence ( to cliff ) we will send you a postcard as soon as we get to Hollywood . clarence start the engine . the convertible roof open as they talk . cliff bama , you take care of that one for I . keep he out of trouble . alabama do not worry , daddy , I be keepin ' this fella on a short leash . clarence , slowly , start drive away . clarence ( to cliff ) as the sun set slowly in the west we bid a fond farewell to all the friend we have make ... and with a touch of melancholy we look foreward to the time when we will all be together again . clarence peel out , shoot a shower of gravel up in the air . as the mustang disappear , cliff run he tongue over he lip . cliff the son of a bitch be right ... she do tase like a peach . int . dick apartment - day Dick 's apartment be standard issue for a young actor . thing be pretty neat and clean . a nice stereo unit sit on the shelf . a frame picture of a ballet dancer 's foot hang on the wall . the phone ring . Dick answer . dick hi , Dick here . 54 . int . HOTEL suite ( las vega ) - sunset top floor , Las Vegas , nevada hotel room with a huge picture window overlook the neon fill strip and the flaim red and orange sunset sky . clarence pace up and down with the telephone in he hand . clarence ( big bopper voice ) heeellllloooo0 of baaaabbbbbbyyyyy ! intercut both side of the conversation . dick ( unsure ) clarence ? clarence you get it . dick it 's great to hear from you . clarence well , you be gonna be seein ' I shortly . dick you comin ' to l.a .? when ? clarence tomorrow . dick what 's up ? why be ya leavin ' Detroit ? clarence sit down on the hotel room bed . Alabama , wear only a long T-shirt that have a big picture of bullwinkle , crawl up behind he . clarence well , there 's a story behind all that . i'11l tell you when I see you . by the way , I will not be alone . I be bringin ' my wife with I . dick get the fuck outta here ! clarence I be a marry man . dick get the fuck outta here ! 55 . clarence believe it or not , I actually trick a girl into fall in love with I . I be not quite sure how I do it . I would hate to have to do it again . but I do it . wanna say hi to my better half ? before Dick can respond , clarence put Alabama on the phone . he start alabama hi , Dick . I be Alabama worley . dick hello , Alabama . alabama I can not wait to meet you . clarence tell I all about you . he say you be he best friend . so , I guess that make you my best friend too . dictating to she what to say . clarence tell he we gotta go . alabama clarence say we gotta be hittin ' it . dick what ? alabama tell he we will be hittin ' he area some time tomorrow . alabama he say do not go nowhere . we will be there sometime tomorrow . dick wait a minute -- clarence tell he not to eat anything . we be gonna scarf when we get there . alabama do not eat anything . dick Alabama , could you tell clar -- 56 . clarence ask he if he get the letter . alabama do you get the letter ? dick what letter ? alabama ( to clarence ) what letter ? clarence the letter I send . alabama ( to Dick ) the letter he send . dick clarence send a letter ? clarence have he get he mail today ? alabama gotten you mail yet ? dick yeah , my roommate leave it on the tv . alabama ( to clarence ) yes. clarence have he look through it yet ? alabama ( to Dick ) ya look through it ? dick not yet . alabama ( to clarence ) nope. clarence tell he to look through it . alabama ( to Dick ) get it . 57 . dick let I speak to clarence . alabama ( to clarence ) he want to speak with you . clarence no time . gotta go . just tell he to read the letter , the letter explain all . tell he I love he . and tell he as of tomorrow , all he money problem be over . alabama ( to Dick ) he can not . we gotta go , but he want you to read the letter . the letter explain all . he want you to know he love you . and he want you to know that as of tomorrow , all of you money problem be over . dick money problem ? clarence now tell he good - bye . alabama ' bye , ' bye . clarence now hang up . she hang up the phone . int . dick apartment - day Dick hear the click on the other end . dick hello , hello . clarence ? clarence 's wife ?... I mean Alabama --- hello ? extremely confuse , Dick hang up the phone . he go over to the tv and pick up the day 's mail . he go through it . insert - bill Southern California Gas company . Group W. fossenkemp photography . Columbia record and tape Club . angle on letter it 's obviously from clarence . address to Dick . Dick open it . ext . trailer park - day a lower , middle - class trailer park name " astro World " which have a neon sign in front of it in the shape of a planet . a big , white chevy nova pull into the park . it park by a trailer that 's slightly less keep up than the other . cliff get out of the chevy . he 's drink out of a fast food soda cup as he open the door to he trailer . int . trailer - day he step inside he doorway and then , before he know it , a gun be press to he temple and a big hand grab he shoulder . gun carrier welcome home , alchy . we be havin ' a party . cliff be roughly shove into he live room . wait for he be four stand man : frankie ( young wise guy ) , lenny ( a old wise guy ) , tooth - pick VIC ( a fire - plug pitbull type ) and virgil ( the quiet one ) . sitting in cliff 's recline chair be vincenzo coccotti , the Frank nitti to Detroit mob leader Blue Lou boyle . cliff be knock to he knee . he look up and see the sit coccotti . frankie and lenny pick he up and roughly drop he in a chair . ccoccotr ti ( to frankie ) tell tooth - pic Vic to go outside and do you - know - what . frankie tell tooth -pick Vic in italian what coccotti say . he nod and exit . cliff 's chair be move closer to coccotti' . Virgil stand on one side of cliff . frankie and lenny ransack the trailer . Virgil have a bottle of chiva regal in he hand , but he have yet to touch a drop . CoccoTtrTi do you know who I be , Mr. worley ? cliff I give up . who be you ? 59 . ccoccottr ti I be the anti-christ . you get I in a vendetta kind of mood , you will tell the angel in Heaven that you have never see pure evil so singularly personify as you do in the face of the man who kill you . my name be vincenzo coccotti . I work as council for Mr. Blue Lou boyle , the man who you son steal from . I hear you be once a cop so I can assume you have hear of we before . be I correct ? cliff I have hear of ' Blue Lou boyle . ' CoccoTtrTi I be glad . hopefully that will clear up the how- full - of-shit - I - be question you have be ask yourself . now , we be gonna have a little q and a , and at the risk of sounding redundant , please make you answer genuine . ( take out a pack of chesterfield ) want a chesterfield ? cliff no. ccoccottrti ( as he light one up ) I have a son of my own . about you boy 's age . I can imagine how painful this must be for you . but clarence and that bitch whore girl friend of he bring this all on themselves . and I implore you not to go down the road with them . you can always take comfort in the fact that you never have a choice . cliff look , I would help ya if I could , but I have not see clarence -- before cliff can finish he sentence , coccotti slam he hard in the nose with he fist . coccottr ti smart , do not it ? gettin ' slam in the nose fuck you all up . you get that pain shootin ' through you brain . you eye fill up with water . it be not any kind of fun . ( more ) 60 . coccotti ( cont 'd ) but what I have to offer you , that 's as good as it 's ever gonna get , and it will not ever get that good again . we talk to you neighbor , they see a mustang , a red mustang , park in front of you trailer yesterday . Mr. worley , have you see you son ? cliff 's defeat . cliff I have see he . coccottr ti now I can not be sure of how much of what he tell you . so in the chance you be in the dark about some of this , let I shed some light . that whore you boy hang around with , she pimp be a associate of mine , and I do not just mean pimpin' , in other affair he work for I in a courier capacity . well , apparently , that dirty little whore find out when we be gonna do some business , ' cause you son , the cowboy and he flame , come in the room blastin ' and do not stop ' till they be pretty sure everybody be dead . cliff what be you talkin ' about ? coccottr ti I be talkin ' about a massacre . they snatch my narcotic and high - tail it outta there . wouldda get away with it , but you son , fuckhead that he be , leave he driver 's license in a dead guy 's hand . a whore hide in the commode fill in all the blank . cliff I do not believe you . ccoccottrti that 's of minor importance . but what 's of major fuck importance be that I believe you . where do they go ? cliff on they honeymoon . 61 . coccotr ti I be gettin ' angry askin ' the same question a second time . where do they go ? cliff they do not tell I . coccotti look at he . , cliff now , wait a minute and listen . I have not see clarence in three year , yesterday he show up here with a girl , sayin ' he get marry . he tell I he need some quick cash for a honeymoon , so he ask if he could borrow five hundred dollar . I want to help he out so I write out a check . we go to breakfast and that 's the last I see of he . so help I God . they never think to tell I where they be goin ' . and I never think to ask . coccotti look at he for a long moment . he then give Virgil a look . Virgil , quick as grease lightning , grab cliff 's hand and turn it palm up . he then whip out a butterfly knife and slice cliff 's palm open and pour chiva regal on the wound . cliff scream . coccotti puff on a chesterfield . tooth-pick Vic return to the trailer , and report in italian that there 's nothing in the car . Virgil walk into the kitchen and get a dishtowel . cliff hold he bleed palm in agony . Virgil hand he the dishtowel . cliff use it to wrap up he hand . coccotr ti sicilian be great liar . the best in the world . I 'ma sicilian . and my old man be the world heavyweight champion of sicilian liar . and from growin ' up with he I learn the pantomime . now there be seventeen different thing a guy can do when he lie to give he away . a guy have seventeen pantomime . a woman 's get twenty , but a guy 's get seventeen . and if ya know ‘em like ya know you own face , they beat lie detector all to hell . what we get here be a little game of show and tell . ( more ) 62 . coccotti ( cont 'd ) you do not wanna show I nothin’ . but you be tellin’ I everything . now I know you know where they be . so tell I , before I do some damage you will not walk away from . the awful pain in cliff 's hand be be replace by the awful pain in he heart . he look deep into coccotti 's eye . cliff could I have one of that chesterfield now ? coccottr ti sure . coccotti lean over and hand he a smoke . cliff gotta match ? cliff reach into he pocket and pull out a lighter . cliff oh , do not bother . I get one . ( he light the cigarette ) so you be a sicilian , huh ? coccottr ti ( intensely ) uh-huh . cliff you know I read a lot . especially thing that have to do with history . I find that shit fascinating . in fact , I do not know if you know this or not , sicilian 's be spawn by nigger . all the man stop what they be do and look at cliff , except for tooth -pick Vic who do not speak English and so , be not insulted . coccotti can not believe what he 's hearing . coccottr ti come again ? cliff it 's a fact . sicilian have nigger blood pump through they heart . ( more ) 63 . cliff ( cont 'd ) if you do not believe I look it up . you see , hundred and hundred of year ago the moor conquer Sicily . and moor be nigger . Way back then , sicilian be like the wop in northern Italy . blond hair , blue eye . but , once the moor move in there , they change the whole country . they do so much fuckin ' with the sicilian woman , they change the bloodline forever , from blond hair and blue eye to black hair and dark skin . I find it absolutely amazing to think that to this day hundred of year later , sicilian still carry that nigger gene . I be just quotin ' history . it 's a fact . it 's write . you ancestor be nigger . you great , great , great , great grandmother be fuck by a nigger , and have a half nigger kid . that be a fact . now tell I , be I lyin ' ? coccotti look at he for a moment then jump up , whip out a automatic , grab hold of cliff 's hair , put the barrel to he temple , and pump three bullet through cliff 's head . he push the body violently aside . coccotti pause . unable to express he feeling and frustrated by the blood on he hand , he simply drop he weapon and turn to he man . coccottr ti I have not kill anybody since 1974 . goddamn he soul to burn for eternity in fuck hell for make I spill blood on my hand ! go to this comedian 's son 's apartment and come back with something that tell I where that asshole go so I can wipe this egg off of my face and fix this fuck up family for good . tooth-pick Vic tap frankie 's shoulder and , in italian , ask he " what be that all about ? " lenny , who have be go through cliff 's refrigerator have find a beer . 64 . when he close the refrigerator door he find a note be hold on be a ceramic banana fruit magnet that say : " clarence in LA : Dick ritchie ( number and address ) . lenny boss , get ready to get happy . title card : " clarence and alabama hit l.a . " ext . highway - day the red mustang enter Los Angeles . int . dick apartment - morning Dick 's asleep in a recline chair . he 's wear he clothes from the night before . his roommate floyd be lie on the sofa watch tv . the sound of four hand knocking on he door wake Dick up . he shake the bat out of he belfry , and open the door , and find the cutest couple in Los Angeles stand in he doorway . clarence and Alabama immediately start sing " hello my baby " like the frog in the old Chuck Jones cartoon . clarence and alabama ' hello my baby , hello my honey , hello my ragtime gal -- ' dick hi , guy . Alabama throw she arm around Dick , and give hima quick kiss . after she break , clarence do the same . clarence and Alabama walk right past Dick and into he apartment . clarence wow . neat place . let 's get some breakfast . oh , Dick , this be Alabama , Alabama , this be Dick . int . pink' hot dog stand - day the pink 's employee work like skilled benihana chef as they assemble the ultimate masterpiece hot dog . ext . pink' hot dog stand - patio - day clarence , Alabama , and Dick be sit at a outdoor table chow down on chili dog . 65 . *** Alabama be in the middle of a story . alabama «+. when my mom go into labor , my dad panicked . he never have a kid before , and crash the car . now , picture this : they car 's demolish , a crowd be start to gather , my mom be yell , go into contraction , and my dad , who be lose it before , be now completely scream yellow zonker . then , out of nowhere , as if from thin air , this big giant bus appear , and the bus driver say , ' get she in here . ' he forget all about he route and just drive straight to the hospital . so , because he be such a nice guy , they want to name the baby after he , as a sign of gratitude . well , he name be waldo , and no matter how grateful they be , even if I 'da be a boy , they would not call I waldo . so , they ask waldo where he be from . and , so there you go . clarence and here we be . dick that 's a pretty amazing story . clarence well , she 's a pretty amazing girl . what be woman like out here ? dick just like in Detroit , only skinnier . oh , guess what ? I have a really good read for ' t.j. hooker ' the other day . alabama you be gonna be on ' t.j. hooker ' ? dick knock wood . he knock the table and then look at it . dick --. Formica . I do real well . I think she like I . clarence do you meet Captain kirk ? dick you do not meet he in the audition . that come later . hope , hope . alabama ( finish she hot dog ) 66 . *** that be so good I be gonna have another . dick you can not have just one . Alabama leave to get another hot dog . take he eye off she . dick clarence never how much of that letter be on the up and up ? clarence every word of it . Dick see where clarence 's attention be . dick you be really in love , be not clarence you ? for the very first time in my life . ( pause ) do you know what that 's like ? clarence be so intense Dick do not know how to answer . dick ( regretfully ) no I do not . ( look at Alabama ) how would you two meet ? clarence lean back thoughtfully and take a sip from he Hebrew cream soda . clarence do you remember the lyric ? ext . hollywood holiday inn - day we see the Hollywood holiday Inn sign . parking lot where clarence 's empty red pan to the mustang be park . 67 . int . hollywood holiday inn - clarence's room - closeup - dick be jaw - day drop . his hand reach 0.s. closeup - suitcase the reason for all the jaw drop ... the suitcase be full of cocaine ! Dick 's hand enter frame and fondle a bag . back to scene clarence smile , hold a bottle of wine . Alabama 's watch the cable tv . dick Holy Mary mother of god. alabama this be great , we get cable . clarence ( to Alabama ) bama , you get you blade ? keeping she eye on the tv , she pull out a swiss Army knife with a tiny dinosaur on it from she purse , and toss it to clarence . clarence take off the corkscrew and open the wine . in a couple of hotel plastic cup he pour some wine , a big glass for Dick , a little one for himself . he hand it to Dick . Dick take it and drink . dick this shit can not be real . clarence it will getcha high . he toss Dick the knife . clarence do you want some wine , sweetheart ? alabama nope . I be not really a wine gal . use the knife , Dick snort some of the cocaine . he jump back . dick it 's fuckin ' real ! ( more ) 68 . dick ( cont 'd ) ( to clarence ) it 's fuckin ' real ! clarence I certainly hope so . dick you have get a helluva lot of coke there , man ! clarence I know . dick do you have any idea how much fuckin ' coke you get ? clarence tell I . dick I do not know ! a fuckin ' lot ! he downs he wine . clarence fill he glass . dick this be drexl 's coke !? clarence drexl 's dead . this be clarence 's coke and clarence can do whatever he want with it . and what clarence want to do be sell it . then I and bama be gonna leave on a jet plane and spend the rest of we life spendin' . so , you get my letter , have you line up any buyer ? dick look , clarence , I be not Joe Cocaine . Dick gulp half of he wine . clarence fill it up . clarence but you be a actor . I hear this Hollywood guy have it deliver to the set . dick yeah , they do . and maybe when I start be a successful actor I will know that guy . but most of the people I know be like I . ( more ) 69 . dick ( cont 'd ) they be not get a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of . now , if you want to sell a little bit at at time -- clarence no way ! the whole enchilada in one shot . dick do you have any idea how difficult that 's gonna be ? clarence I be offer a half a million dollar worth of white for two hundred thousand . how difficult can that be ? dick it 's difficult because you be sellin ' it to a particular group . Big shot . fat cat . guy who can use that kind of quantity . guy that can afford two hundred thousand . basically , guy I do not know . you do not know . and more important , they do not know you . I do talk with one guy who could possibly help you . clarence be he big league ? dick he 's nothing . he 's in my act class . but he work as a assistant to a very powerful movie producer name Lee donowitz . I think donowitz could be interested in a deal like this . he could use it . he could afford it . clarence what 'dya tell ‘em ? dick hardly anything . I be not sure from you letter what be bullshit , and what be not . clarence what 's this act class guy 's name ? 70 . dick elliot . clarence elliot what ? dick elliot blitzer . clarence okay , call ‘em up and arrange a meeting , so we can get through all the get to know you stuff . dick where ? clarence ( to Alabama ) where ? alabama the zoo . clarence ( to Dick ) the zoo . ( pause ) what be you wait for ? dick would you just shut up a minute and let I think ? clarence what 's to think about ? dick shut up ! first you come waltzing into my life after two year . you be marry . you kill a guy . clarence two guy . dick two guy . now you want I to help you with some big drug deal . fuck , clarence , you kill somebody and you be blowin ' it off like it do not mean shit . clarence do not expect I to be all break up over poor drexl . ( more ) 71 . eee clarence ( cont 'd ) I think he be a fuckin' , freeloadin' , parasitic scumbag , and he get exactly what he deserve . I get no pity for a mad dog like that . I think I should get a merit badge or somethin’ . Dick rest he head in he hand . clarence look , buddy , I realize I be layin ' some pretty heavy shit on ya , but I need you to rise to the occasion . so , drink some more wine . get use to the idea , and get you friend on the phone . ext . los angele zoo - closeup - panther - day a black panther , the four-legged kind , pace back and forth . pull back . Dick , and elliot blitzer be walk through the zoo . one look at elliot and you can see what type of actor he be , a real gq , blow - dry boy . as they walk and talk , clarence be eat a box of animal cracker and Alabama be blow soap bubbles . elliot so you guy get five hundred thousand dollar worth of cola that you be unload -- clarence want a animal cracker ? elliot yeah , okay . he take one . clarence leave the gorilla . elliot -- that you be unload for two hundred thousand dollar -- clarence unload ? that 's a helluva way to describe the bargain of a lifetime . dick ( try to chill he out ) clarence ... 72 . elliot where do you get it ? clarence I grow it on my windowsill . the light 's really great there and I be up high enough so you can not see it from the street . elliot ( force a laugh ) ha ha ha . no really , where do it come from ? clarence Coco leave . you see , they take the leave and mash it down until it 's kind of a paste -- elliot ( turn to Dick ) look , Dick , I do not -- clarence ( laugh ) no problem , elliot . I be just fuckin ' wit ' ya , that 's all . actually , I '1l tell you but you gotta keep it quiet . understand , if Dick do not insure I you be good people , I would just tell ya , none of you fuckin ' business . but , as a sign of good faith , here it go . I gotta friend in the department . elliot what department ? clarence what do you think , eightball ? elliot the police department ? clarence duh . what else would I be talk about ? now stop ask stupid doorknob question . well , a year and a half ago , this friend of mine get access to the evidence room for a hour . he snag this coke . but , he 's a good cop with a wife and a kid , so he sit on it for a year and a half until he find a guy he could trust . 73 . elliot he trust you ? clarence we be in 4 - h together . we have know each other since childhood . so I be handle the sale part . he 's my silent partner and he know , if I get fuck up , I will not drop dime on he . he 's kinda paranoid . now , no farther you understand . I do not tell you nothin ' and you do not hear nothin ' . elliot sure . I do not hear anything . elliot be more than satisfied . clarence make a comical face at Dick when elliot 's not look . Dick be wear a " I do not believe this guy " expression . Alabama be forever blow bubbles . cut to : ext . los angele zoo - snack bar - day we be in the snack bar area of the zoo . Alabama , Dick and elliot be sit around a plastic outdoor table . clarence be pace around the table as he talk . Alabama be still blow bubbles . clarence ( to elliot ) do I look like a beautiful blonde with big tit and a ass that taste like french vanilla ice cream ? elliot have not the faintest idea what this be suppose to mean . elliot what ? clarence do I look like a beautiful blonde with big tit and a ass that taste like french vanilla ice cream ? elliot ( with conviction ) no . no , you do not . 74 . clarence then why be you tell I all this bullshit ? just so you can fuck I ? dick ( try to calm he down ) clarence ...! clarence ( to Dick ) let I handle this . elliot get it straight . Lee be not into take risk . he deal with a couple of guy and he 's be deal with they for year . they be reliable . they be dependable . and they be safe . clarence riddle I this , batman . if you be all so much in love with each other , what the fuck be you do here ? I be sure you get better thing to do with you time than walk around in circle stare up a panther 's ass . you guy 's interested because with that much shit at he fingertip he can play Joe fuckin' Hollywood till the wheel come off . he can sell it , he can snort it , he can play Santa Claus with it . at the price he 's pay , he will have the freedom to be able to just throw it around . he will be everybody 's best friend . I be not puttin’ he down . hey , let he run wild . have a ball , it 's he money . but do not expect I to hang around forever wait for you guy to grow some gut . elliot have be silence . he nod he head in agreement . int . porsche ( mulholland drive ) - moving - day Movie producer , lee donowitz , be drive he porsche through the wind Hollywood Hills , just enjoy be rich and powerful . his cellular car phone ring , he answer . 75 . lee hello . ( pause ) elliot , it 's Sunday . why be I talk to you on Sunday ? I do not see enough of you during the week , I gotta talk to you on Sunday ? why be it , you always -- ext . los angele zoo - snack bar - day elliot be on the zoo pay phone . clarence be next to he . Dick be next to clarence . Alabama be next to Dick , blow bubbles . elliot ( on phone ) I be with that party you want I to get together with . do you know what I be talk about , Lee ? int . porsche - moving - day lee why the hell be you call my phone to talk about that ? ext . los angele zoo - snack bar - day elliot well , he 's here right now and he insist on talk to you . int . porsche ( in tunnel ) - moving - day in the tunnel Lee 's voice echoes . lee be you out of you fuck mind ? ext . los angele zoo - snack bar - day elliot he say if I do not get you on the -- clarence take the receiver out of elliot 's hand . clarence ( into phone ) hello , Lee , it 's clarence . at last we meet . 76 . ext . dick apartment - day Virgil 's knock on Dick 's door . floyd , Dick 's roommate , answer . virgil hello , be Dick ritchie here ? floyd naw , he be not home right now . virgil do you live here ? floyd yeah , I live here . virgil sorta roommate ? floyd exactly roommate . virgil maybe you can help I . actually , who I be look for be a friend of ours from Detroit . clarence worley ? I hear he be in town . might be travel with a pretty girl name Alabama . have you see he ? be they stayin ' here ? floyd naw , they be not stay here . but I know who you be talk about . they be stay at the Hollywood holiday Inn . virgil how do you know ? you be there ? floyd no , I be not be there but I hear he say it . Hollywood holiday Inn . kinda easy to remember . virgil you be right . it be . ext . los angele zoo - snack bar - day clarence be still on the phone with lee. 77 . clarence Lee , the reason I be talk with you be I want to open Dr. Zhivago in l.a . and I want you to distribute it . int . porsche - moving - day stop in traffic on sunset boulevard . lee I do not know , clarence . Dr. Zhivago 's a pretty big movie . ext . los angele zoo - snack bar - day clarence the biggest . the biggest movie you have ever deal with , Lee . we be talkin ' a lot of film . a man' have to be a idiot not to be a little cautious about a movie like that . and , Lee , you be no idiot ... int . porsche - moving - day still stick on sunset boulevard , traffic 's move better now . lee I be not say I be not interested . but be a distributor 's not what I be all about . I 'ma film producer . I be on this world to make good movie . nothing more . now , have my big toe dip into the distribution end help I on many level . traffic break and Lee speed along . the b.g. whizze past he . lee but the bottom line be -- I be not paramount . I have a select group of distributor I deal with . I buy they little movie . accomplish what I wanna accomplish . end of story . easy , businesslike , very little risk . 78 . ext . los angele zoo - snack bar - day clarence now that 's bullshit , Lee . every time you buy one of that little movie , it 's a risk . I be not sell you something ' that 's gonna play two week , six week , then go straight to cable . this be Doctor Zhivago . this will be packin ' ‘em in for a year and a half . two year ! that 's two year you do not have to work with anybody 's movie but mine . int . porsche - moving - day porsche be now speed down a beachside road . lee well then , what 's the hurry ? be it that the rights to Doctor Zhivago be in arbitration ? ext . los angele zoo - snack bar - day clarence I wanna be able to announce this deal at Cannes . if I have time for a courtship , Lee , I would . I would take ya out , I would hold ya hand , I would kiss ya on the cheek at the door . but I be not in that position . I need to know if we be in bed together or not . if you want my movie , Lee , you be just gonna have to come to term with you fear and desire . pause . clarence hand the phone to elliot . clarence ( to elliot ) he want to talk to you . elliot ( into phone ) mister donowitz ? ( pause ) I tell you , through dick. ( pause ) he 's in my act class . ( pause ) about a year . ( pause ) yeah , he 's good . ( more ) 79 . elliot ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) they grow up together . ( pause ) sure thing . elliot hang up the phone . elliot he say Wednesday at three o'clock at the beverly wilshire . he want everybody there . ( point at clarence ) he will talk to you . if after talkin ' to you he 's convinced you be okay , he will do business . if not , he will say , ' fuck it ' and walk out the door . he also want a sample bag . clarence no problem on count . he offer elliot the animal cracker . clarence have a cookie . elliot take one . elliot thanks . he put it in he mouth . clarence that be not a gorilla , be it ? ext . holiday inn - day the red mustang with clarence and Alabama pull up to the hotel . Alabama hop out , clarence stay in . alabama you do it , quickdraw , I be so proud of you . you be like a ninja . do I do my part okay ? clarence babalouey , you be perfect , I could hardly keep from busting up . alabama I feel so stupid just blow that bubbles . 80. clarence you be chillin' , kind of creepy even . you totally fuck with he head . I be gonna go grab dinner . alabama I be gonna hop in the tub and get all wet , and slippery , and soapy . then I be gonna lie in the waterbed , not even bother to dry off , and watch X -rate movie ' till you get you ass back to my lovin ' arm . they kiss . clarence we now return you to bullitt already in progress . he slam the mustang in reverse and peel out of the hotel . Alabama walk she little walk from the parking lot to the pool area . somebody whistle at she , she turn to they . alabama thank you . she get to she door , take out the key , and open she door . int . hollywood holiday inn - clarence's room - day she step in only to find Virgil sit in a chair place in front of the door with a saw - off shotgun aim right at she . virgil ( calmly ) step inside and shut the door . she do not move , she 's freeze . Virgil lean forward . virgil ( calmly ) Lady , I be gonna shoot you in the face . she do exactly as he say . Virgil rise , still aim the saw - off . virgil step away from the door , more into the room . she do . he put the shotgun down on the chair , then step closer to she . 81 . virgil okay , Alabama , where 's we coke , where 's clarence , and when 's he come back . alabama I think you get the wrong room , my name be sadie . I do not have any Coke , but there 's a pepsi machine downstairs . I do not know any clarence , but maybe my husband do . you might have hear of he , he play football . Al lylezado . he will be home any minute , you can ask he . Virgil can not help but smile . virgil you be cute . Virgil jump up and do a mid-air kung fu kick which catch Alabama square in the face lift she off of the ground and drop she flat on she back . int . red mustang - moving - day clarence , in he car , drive to get something to eat , sing to himself . clarence ( sing ) ' land of stardust , land of glamour , vistavision and cinerama , everything about it be a must , to get to Hollywood , or bust ... 's int . hollywood holiday inn - clarence's room - day Alabama 's lie flat . she actually black out for a moment , but the salty taste of the blood in she mouth wake she up . she open she eye and see Virgil stand there , smile . she close they , hope it 's a dream . they open again to the same sight . she have never feel more helpless in she life . virgil hurt , do not it . you be not hurt that bad . get on we foot , fruitloop . Alabama wobbily comply . 82 . virgil where 's we coke ? where 's clarence ? and when 's he comin ' back ? Alabama look in Virgil 's eye and realize that without a doubt she 's go to die , because this man be go to kill she . alabama go take a fly fuck at a roll donut . Virgil do not waste a second . he give she a side kick straight to the stomach . the air be suck out of she lung . she fall to she knee . she 's on all four gasp for air that 's just not there . Virgil whip out a pack of lucky strike . he light one up with a Zippo lighter . he take a long , deep drag . virgil whatsamatta ? can not breathe ? get use to it . int . hamburger stand - day clarence walk through the door of some mom and pop fast food restaurant . clarence woah ! smell like hamburger in here ! what 's the biggest , fatest hamburger you guy get ? the iranian guy at the counter say : iranian guy that would be Steve 's double chili cheeseburger . clarence well I want two of they bad boy . two large order of chili fries . two large diet coke . ( look at menu on wall ) and I '1l tell you what , why do not you give I a combination burrito as well . int . hollywood holiday inn - clarence's room - day Alabama be violently throw into a corner of the room . she brace herself against the wall . she be very punchy . Virgil step in front of she . 83 . virgil you think you boyfriend would go through this kind of shit for you ? dream on , cunt . you be nothin ' but a fuckin ' fool . and you pretty face be gonna turn awful goddamn ugly in about two second . now where 's my fuckin ' coke ?! she do not answer . he deliver a spin roundhouse kick , to the head . her head slam into the leave side of the wall . virgil where 's clarence ?! nothing . he give she another kick to the head . this time from the other side . her leg start to give way . he catch she and throw she back . he slap she lightly in the face to revive she , she look at he . virgil when 's clarence get back ? she can barely raise she arm , but she somehow manage , and she give he the middle finger . Virgil can not help but smile . virgil you gotta lot of heart , kid . he give she a spin roundhouse kick to the head that send she to the floor . int . hamburger stand - closeup - burger - day sizzling on a griddle . chili and cheese be put on they . another angle clarence be wait for he order . he notice a customer read a copy of Newsweek with elvis on the cover . clarence that 's a great issue . the customer lower he magazine a little bit . customer yeah , I subscribe . it 's a pretty decent one . clarence have you read the story on elvis . subscriber ( customer ) no. not yet . 84. clarence you know , I see it on the stand , my first inclination be to buy it . but , I look at the price and say forget it . it 's just gonna be the same old shit . I end up break down and buy it a few day later . man , be I ever wrong . subscriber like it , huh ? clarence it 's probably the single best piece I have ever read about elvis in my life . subscriber that good , huh ? he take the magazine from the subscriber 's hand and start flipping to the elvis article . clarence it try to pin down what the attraction be after all this year . it cover the whole spectrum of fan , the people who love he music , the people who grow up with he , the artist he inspire ; Bob Dylan , Bruce springsteen , and the fanatics , like this guy . I do not know about you , but they give I the creep . subscriber I can see what you mean . clarence like look at she . she look like she fall off of a ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down . elvis would not fuck she with Pat boone 's dick . clarence and the subscriber laugh . int . hollywood holiday inn - clarence's room - day Alabama 's pretty beat-up . she have a fat lip and she face be black and blue . she 's crawl around on the floor . Virgil be tear the place apart look for the cocaine . he 's also carry on a run commentary . 85 . virgil now the first guy you kill be always the hardest . I do not care if you be the Boston strangler or Wyatt earp . you can bet that Texas boy , Charles Whitman , the fella who shot all they guy from that tower , I will bet you green money that , that first little black dot that he take a bead on , be the bitch of the bunch . no foolin' , the first one 's a tough row to hoe . now , the second one , while it be not no mardigra , it be not half as tough as the first . you still feel something 's but it 's just so dilute this time around . then you completely level off on the third one . the third one be easy . it 's get to the point now I will do it just to watch they expression change . he 's tear the motel room up in general . then he flip the mattress up off the bed , and the black suitcase be right there . Alabama be crawl unnotice to where she purse lay . Virgil flip open the black case and almost go snowblind . virgil well , well , well , looky here . I guess I just reach journey 's end . great . one less thing I gotta worry about . Virgil close up the case . Alabama sift through she purse . she pull out she swiss army knife , open it up , Virgil turn toward she . virgil okay , sugarpop , we have come to what I like to call the moment of truth -- Alabama slowly rise clutching the thrust out knife in both hand . Mr. karate man smile . virgil kid , you gotta lot a heart . he move toward she . Alabama 's hand be shaking . 86 . virgil tell you what I be gonna do . I be gonna give you a free swing . now , I only do that for people I like . he move close . Alabama 's eye study he . he grab the front of he shirt and rip it open . button fly everywhere . virgil go ahead , girl , take a stab at it . ( giggle ) ; you do not have anything to lose . closeup - alabama' face Virgil 's right , she do not have anything to lose . Virgil 's also right about this be the moment of truth . there be a ferocity in woman that come out at certain time , and it 's just there under the surface in many woman all of the time . the absolute feel of helplessness she feel only a moment ago have take a one hundred - eighty degree turn into " I will take this mother - fucker with I if it 's the last thing I do " seethe hatred . letting out a blood -curdle yell , she raise the knife high above she head , then drop to she knee and plunge it deep into Virgil 's right foot . closeup - virgil' face talk about blood curdle yell . Alabama be kick in the tooth with Virgil 's leave foot . Virgil bend down and carefully pull the knife from he foot , tear run down he face . while Virgil 's bent down , Alabama smashes a elvis presley whiskey decanter that clarence buy she in Oklahoma over he head . it 's only make of plaster so it do not kill he . Virgil 's move toward Alabama , limping on he bad foot . virgil okay , no more mister nice - guy . Alabama pick up the hotel tv and toss it to he . he instinctively catch it , and with he arm full of television , Alabama cold - cock he with she fist in he nose , break it . 87 . her eye go straight to the door , then they go to the saw - off shotgun by the door . she run to it , bend over the chair for the gun . Virgil 's leave foot kick she in the back send she fly over the chair and smash into the door . Virgil furiously throw the chair out of the way and stand over Alabama . Alabama 's lie on the ground laugh . Virgil have kill a lot of people , but not a one of they have ever laugh before he do it . virgil what 's so funny ?!! alabama ( laugh ) you look so ridiculous . she laugh louder . Virgil 's insane . he pick she off the floor , then lift she off the ground and throw she through the glass shower door in the bathroom . virgil laugh it up , cunt . you be in hysterics a minute ago . why be not you laugh now . Alabama lay in the bathtub grab a small bottle of hotel shampoo and squeeze it out in she hand . Virgil reach in the shower and grab hold of she hair . Alabama rub the shampoo in he face . he let go of she and he hand go to he eye . virgil oh Jesus ! she grab a hold of a hefty piece of break glass and plunge it into he face . virgil oh Mary , help I ! the batter and bruise and bloody Alabama emerge from the shower . she 's clutching a big , bloody piece of break glass . she 's vaguely reminiscent of the tasmanian Devil . poor Virgil can not see very well , but he see the figure come towards he . he let out a wild haymaker that catch she in the jaw and knock she into the toilet . she recover almost immediately and take the porcelain lid off of the back of the toilet tank . 88 . Virgil whip out a .45 automatic from he shoulder holster , just as Alabama bring the lid down on he head . he 's press up against the wall with this toilet lid hit he . he can not get a good shot in this tight environment , but he fire anyway , hit the floor , the wall , the toilet , and the sink . the toilet lid finally shatter against Virgil 's head . Virgil fall to the ground . Alabama go to the medicine cabinet and whip out a big can of final Net hairspray , pull a bic lighter out of she pocket , and just as Virgil raise he gun at she , she flick the bic and send a stream of hairspray through the flame , which result in a big ball of fire that hit Virgil right in the face . he fire off two shot . one which hit the wall , another that hit the sink pipe , send water spraying . upon get he face fry Virgil scream and jump up , knock Alabama down , and run out of the bathroom . Virgil collapse onto the floor of the live room . then , he see the saw - off lay on the ground . he crawl toward it . Alabama , in the bathroom , see where he 's head . she pick up the .45 automatic and fire at he . it 's empty . she 's on she foot and into the room . he reach the shotgun , he hand grasp it . Alabama spot and pick up the bloody swiss army knife . she take a knife- first-runn - dive at Virgil 's back . she hit he . he arch up , firing the sawed - off into the ceiling , drop the gun , and send a cloud of plaster and stucco all over the room . Alabama snatch the shotgun . arched over on he back Virgil 's eye make contact with Alabama 's eye . the first blast hit he in the shoulder , almost tear he arm off . the second hit he in the knee . the third play hell with he chest . Alabama then run at he , hit he in the head with the butt of the shotgun . ever since she 's be fire it 's as if some other part of she brain have be function independently . she 's be absent - mindedly say the prayer of Saint Francis . 89 . alabama ' Lord make I a instrument of they peace , where there be hatred , let I love , where there be despair -- hope , where there be darkness -- light , where there be sadness -- joy , oh , divine master , grant that I May not seek to be consol -- but to console , that I may not seek to be understand -- but to understand , and it be in die that we be bear to eternal life . ' clarence , who 's be hearing gunshot , burst through the door , gun draw , only to see Alabama , hit a dead guy on the head , with a shotgun . clarence honey ? she continue . he put he gun away . clarence sweetheart ? cop be gonna be here any minute . she continue . he take the gun away from she , and she fall to the ground . she lay on the floor tremble , still continue with the downward swing of she arm . clarence grab the shotgun and the cocaine , and toss Alabama over he shoulder . cut to : ext . hollywood holiday inn - day everybody be outside of they room watch as clarence walk through the pool area with he bundle . siren can be hear approaching . ext . red mustang - moving - day clarence be drive like mad . Alabama 's pass out in the passenger seat . she 's mutter to herself . clarence have one hand on the steering wheel and the other stroking Alabama 's hair . clarence sleep , baby . do not dream . do not worry . just sleep . you deserve better than this . I be so sorry . sleep , my angel . sleep peacefully . 90 . ext . motel 6 - night a new motel . clarence 's red mustang be park outside . int . motel 6 - clarence's room - night Alabama , with a fat lip and a black and blue face , be asleep in bed . int . nowhere - ? clarence be in a nondescript room speak directly to camera . he 's in a headshot . clarence I feel so horrible about what she go through . that fucker really beat the shit out of she . she never tell he where I be . it 's like I always feel that the way she feel about I be a mistake . she could not really care that much . I always feel in the back of my mind , I do not know , she be joke . but , to go through that and remain loyal , it 's very easy to be enrapture with word , but to remain loyal when it 's easier , even excusable , not to -- that 's a test of one 's self . that 's true romance . I swear to God , I will cut off my hand and gouge out my eye before I will ever let anything happen to that lady again . cut to : ext . hollywood hill - night a wonderful , gracefully flow shot of the Hollywood hill . off in the distance we hear the roar of a car engine . ext . mulholland drive - night vaaaarrrooooommmmm ! bell , take quick ! a silver porsche be drive hell ! corner , push it to the edge . int . silver porsche - moving - night elliot blitzer be the driver stand on it . 91 . a blonde , glitzy coke whore be sit next to he . they be have a ball . then they see a red and blue light flash in the rear-view mirror . it 's the cop . elliot fuck ! I know it ! I know it ! I fuck know it ! I should have my head examine drive like this ! ( pull over ) kandi , you gotta help I . kandi ( coke whore ) what can I do ? he pull out the sample bag of cocaine that clarence give he earlier . elliot you gotta hold this for I . kandi you must be high . uh-uh . no way . elliot ( frantically ) just put it in you purse ! kandi I be not gonna put that shit in my purse . elliot they will not search you , I promise . you have not do anything . kandi no way , Jose . elliot please , they will be here any minute . just put it in you bra . kandi I be not wear a bra . elliot ( plead ) put it in you pants . kandi no. elliot you be the one who want to drive fast . 92 . kandi read my lip . she mouth the word " no . elliot after all I have do for you , you fuck whore !! she go to slap he , she hit the bag of cocaine instead , it rip open . Cocaine completely cover he blue suit , at that moment elliot turn to face a flash - light beam . tear fill he eye . int . police station - interrogation room - day elliot be sit in a chair at a table . two young , good-look , casually - dress starsky and hutch type police detective be question he . they be know in the department as nicholson and dime . the dark - haire one be cody nicholson , and the blond be nicky dime . nicholson look , sunshine , we find a sandwich bag of uncut cocaine -- dime not a tiny little vial -- nicholson but a fuckin' baggie . dime now do not sit there and feed we some shit . nicholson you get catch . it 's all fun and fuckin ' game till you get catch . but now we gottcha . okay , mister elliot actor , you have just make the big time -- dime you be no longer a extra -- nicholson or a bit player -- dime or a support actor -- nicholson you be a fuckin ' star ! ( more ) 93 . nicholson ( cont 'd ) and you be gonna be playin ' you little one man show nightly for the next two fuck year for a captive audience -- dime but there be a bright side though . if you ever have to play a part of a guy who get fuck in he ass on a daily basis by throat - slitting nigger , you will have so much experience to draw on -- nicholson and just think , when you get out in a few year , you will meet some girl , get marry , and you will be so understanding to you wife 's need , because you will know what it 's like to be a woman -- dime ' course you will wanna fuck she in the ass . pussy just will not feel right anymore -- nicholson that be , of course , if you do not catch a.i.d.s. from all you anal intrusion . elliot start cry . nicholson and dime exchange look and smile . Mission accomplish . int . police station - captain krinkle's office - day captain bufford krinkle be sit behind he desk , where he spend about seveny - five percent of he day . he 's you standard rough , gruff , no - nonsense , by-the- book type police captain . krinkle nicolson ! dime ! get in here ! the two casually - dress , sneaker - wear cop rush in . nicholson dime krinkle , this be it . we krinkle , you be lookin ' get it , man . and it 's all at the two future cop ours . I mean talk about of the month . we have fallin ' into somethin’ . it , and when I say we , you shoulda see it , it I do not mean I and he , be beautiful . I be refer to the ( more ) whole department . ( more ) nicholson ( cont 'd ) dime ( cont 'd ) dime be hittin ' he from have not have a decent bust the leave about be fuck this whole month . in the ass by nigger , I be we mighta come in like a hittin ' he from the right lamb , but we be goin ' about not likin ' pussy like a lion -- anymore , finally he just start cryin' , and then it be all over -- krinkle both you idiot shut up , I can not understand shit ! now , what 's happen , what 's go on , and what be you talkin ' about ? dime okee dokee . it 's like this , krinkle ; a patrol car stop this dork for speed , they walk up to the window and the guy 's cover in coke . so they bring he ass in and I an' nicholson go to work on he -- nicholson nicholson and I . dime nicholson and I go to work on he . now we know something 's rotten in Denmark , ' cause this dickhead have a big bag , and it 's uncut too , so we be sweatin ' he , tryin ' to find out where he get it . scarin ' the shit outta he -- nicholson which be not real hard , the guy be a real squid . dime so we get this guy scared shitless and he start talkin' . and , krinkle , you be not gonna fuckin ' believe it . cut to : int . restaurant - day Detroit . very fancy restaurant . four wise guy , frankie , lenny , dario and marvin , be seat at a table with Mr. coccotti. 95 . coccottr ti -- and so , tomorrow morning come , and no Virgil . I check with Nick cardella , who Virgil be suppose to leave my narcotic with , he never show . now , child , somebody be stickin ' a red hot poker up my asshole and what I do not know be whose hand 's on the handle . frankie you think Virgil start gettin ' big idea ? CoccoTtrTi it 's possible . anybody can be carry away with delussion of grandeur . but after that incident in Ann arbor , I trust Virgil . dario what happen ? lenny Virgil get pick up ina warehouse shakedown . he get five year , he serve three . coccottr ti anybody who clam up and do he time , I do not care how I feel about he personally , he 's okay . back to krinkle nicholson it seem a cop from some department , we do not know where , steal a half a million dollar of coke from the property cage and he 's be sittin ' on it for a year and a half . now the cop get this weirdo -- dime suspect 's word -- nicholson -- to front for he . so elliot be workin ' out a deal between they and he boss , a big movie producer name Lee donowitz . dime he produce ' comin ' Home in a body bag . ' 96 . krinkle that Vietnam movie ? nicholson uh-huh . krinkle that be a good fuckin ' movie . dime sure be . krinkle do you believe he ? nicholson I believe he believe he . dime he 's so spook he would turn over he momma , he daddy , he two - panny granny , and Anna and the King of siam if he have anything on he . nicholson this rabbit will do anything not to do time , include wear a wire . krinkle he will wear a wire ? dime we talk he into it . krinkle dirty cop . we will have to bring in internal affair on this . nicholson look , we do not care if you bring in the state militia , the volunteer fire department , the L.A. thunderbird , the ghost of Steve mcqueen , and twelve Roman gladiator , so long as we get credit for the bust . dime Cocaine . dirty cop . Hollywood . this be crocket and tubb all the way . and we find it so we want the fuck collar . back to coccotti marvin May be Virgil drop it off at cardella 's . ( more ) 97 . marvin ( cont 'd ) cardella turn Virgil 's switch to off , and cardella decide to open up he own fruit stand . lenny Excuse I , mister coccotti , ( to marvin ) do you know Nick cardella ? marvin no . lenny then where the hell do you get off talkin ' that kind of talk --? marvin I do not mean -- lenny shut you mouth . Nick cardella be provin ' what he word be worth before you be in you daddy 's nutsack . what sun do you walk under you can throw a shadow on Nick cardella ? Nick cardella 's a stand up guy . ccoccottr ti Children , we be digress . another possibility be that rat fuck whore and she wack - a- doo cowboy boyfriend out - aped Virgil . know Virgil , I find that hard to believe . but they send drexl to hell , and drexl be no faggot . so you see , child , I get a lot of question and no answer . find out who this wing and prayer artist be and take he off at the neck . title card : " the big day " ext . imperial highway - sunrise clarence 's red mustang be park on top of a hill just off of Imperial highway . as luck would have it , some - body have abandon a ratty old sofa on the side of the road . clarence and Alabama sit on the sofa , share a jumbo Java , and enjoy the sunrise and wonderful view of the lax Airport runway , where plane be take off and landing . a plane take off , and they stop and watch . 98 . clarence ya know , I use to fuckin ' hate airport . alabama really ? clarence with a vengeance , I hate they . alabama how come ? clarence I use to live by one back in dearborn . it 's real frustrating to be surround by airplane when you be not get shit . I hate where I be , but I could not do anything about it . I do not have any money . it be tough enough just tryin ' to pay my rent every month , and here I be livin ' next to a airport . whenever I go outside , I see fuckin’ plane takin ' off . I be tryin ' to watch tv , fuckin ' plane takin ' off drownin ' out my show . all day long I be seein ' , hearin ' people doin ' what I want to do most , but could not . alabama leavin ' Detroit . goin ' off on vacation , startin ' new life , business trip . fun , fun , fun , fun . another plane take off . clarence but knowin ' I and you gonna be nigger rich give I a whole new outlook . I love airport now . I and you can get on any one of that plane out there , and go anywhere we want . alabama you be not kiddin , we get life to start over . we should go somewhere where we can really start from scratch . 99 . clarence I be in America all my life . I be due for a change . I wanna see what tv in other country be like . besides , it 's more dramatic . where should we fly off to , my little turtle dove ? alabama Cancun clarence why Cancun ? alabama it 's get a nice ring to it . it sound like a movie , ' clarence and Alabama go to cancun’ . doncha think ? clarence but in my movie , baby , you get top billing . they kiss . clarence do not you worry ' bout anything . it 's all gonna work out for we . we deserve it . montage everyone get ready for the big day . int . dick apartment - day Dick , clarence and Alabama be just get ready to leave for the drug deal . floyd lie on the couch watch tv . Alabama 's wear dark glass to hide some of the damage cause by Virgil . clarence ( to floyd ) you sure that 's how you get to the beverly wilshire ? floyd I have party there twice . yeah , I be sure . she hold 100 . dick yeah , well , if we get lose , it 's you ass . ( to clarence ) come on , clarence , let 's go . elliot 's go to meet we in the lobby . clarence I be just make sure we get everything . ( to Alabama ) you get yours ? up the suitcase . the phone ring . the three pile out the door . floyd answer the phone . he start floyd hello ? ( put he hand over the receiver ) Dick , it 's for you . you here ? dick no. I leave . to close the door , then open it again . dick I will take it . ( take the receiver ) hello. ( pause ) hi , Catherine , I be just walkin ' out the -- ( pause ) really ? ( pause ) I do not believe it . ( pause ) she really say that ? ( pause ) I will be by first thing . ( pause ) no . thank you for send I out . ( pause ) ' bye -bye . he hang up and look at clarence . dick ( stunne ) I get the part on ' t.j. hooker . ' clarence no shit ? Dick , that 's great ! 101 . clarence and Alabama be jump around . floyd even smile . dick ( still stunne ) they do not even want a callback . they just hire I like that . I and Peter breck be the two heavies . we start shoot Monday . my call be for seven o'clock in the morning . clarence ah , Dick , let 's talk about it in the car . we can not be late . Dick look at clarence . he do not want to go . dick clarence . clarence yeah ? dick um , nothing . let 's go . they exit . cut to : ext . HOTEL / lax - day we see the airport and move in closer on a hotel on the landscape . int . HOTEL / lax - room - day lenny can be see put a shotgun together . he be sit on a bed . toothpick Vic enter the frame with he own shotgun . he go over to lenny and give he some shell . marvin walk through the frame cock he own shotgun . the bathroom door open behind lenny and frankie walk out twirling a couple of .45 automatics in he hand . cut to : 102 . int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day a room at the beverly wilshire . nicholson and dime and four detective from Internal affair be in a room on the same floor as donowitz . they have just put a wire on elliot . nicholson okay , say something . elliot ( talk loud into the wire ) hello ! hello ! hello ! how now brown cow ! dime just talk regular . elliot ( normal tone ) ' but soft . what light through yonder window break ? ' tis the East and yonder juliet be the sun . oh , arise fair sun and kill the envious moon that be sick and pale with grief -- ' wurlitzer ( to the ia Officer at the tape machine ) be you get this shit ? the ia Officer at the tape machine give a thumb up . nicholson , dime , and wurlitzer huddle by elliot . dime now , remeber , we will be monitoring just down the hall . elliot and if there 's any sign of trouble you will come in . nicholson like gangbuster . now remember , if you do not want to go to jail , we gotta put you boss in jail . dime we have to show in court that , without a doubt , a successful man , a important figure in the Hollywood community , be also deal cocaine . 103 . nicholson so you gotta get he to admit on tape that he 's buy this coke . dime hope you be a good actor , elliot . cut to : int . red mustang - moving - day clarence , Dick and Alabama en route . Dick refer to Alabama 's beat - up face . dick you get that play basketball ? alabama yeah . I get elbow right in the eye . and if that be not enough , I get hurl the ball when I be not look . wham ! right in my face . they stop at a red light . clarence look to Alabama . clarence Red light mean love , baby . clarence and Alabama start kissing . cut to : int . cadillac - moving - day marvin , frankie , lenny and dario in a rent caddy . cut to : ext . beverly wilshire - parking lot - day clarence , Alabama and Dick get out of the mustang . Dick take the suitcase . clarence I will take that . now remember , both of you , let I do the talk . clarence take out a .45 . Dick react . they walk and talk . dick what the fuck do you bring that for ? 104 . clarence in case . dick in case of what ? clarence in case they try to kill we . I do not know . what do you want I to say ? dick look , dillinger , Lee donowitz be not a pimp -- clarence I know that , Richard . I do not think I will need it . but something this last week have teach I , it 's better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have it . pause . clarence stop walk . clarence hold it , guy . I do not know about the rest of you , but I be pretty scared . what say we forget the whole thing ? Dick and Alabama be both surprised and relieved . dick do you really mean it ? clarence no . I do not really mean it . well , I mean this be we last chance to think about it . how ' bout you , ' bama ? alabama I think it be what you want , clarence . clarence it be what I want . but I do not want to spend the next ten year in jail . I do not want you guy to go to jail . we do not know what could be wait for we up there . it will probably be just what it 's suppose to be . the only thing that 's wait for we be two hundred thousand dollar . I be just look at the downside . 105 . dick now 's a helluva time to play ' what if . ' clarence this be we last chance to play ' what if . ' I do not want to do it . I be just scared of get catch . alabama it 's be fun think about the money , but I can walk away from it , honey . clarence that rhyme . he kiss she . dick well , if we be not gonna do it , let 's just get in the car and get the fuck outta here . clarence yeah , let 's just get outta here . the three walk back to the car . clarence get behind the wheel . the other two get in . clarence hop back out . clarence I be sorry , guy . I gotta do it . as petrify as I be , I just can not walk away . I be gonna be kick myself in the ass the rest of my life if I do not go in there . Lee donowitz be not a gangster lookin ' to skin we and he 's not a cop , he 's a famous movie producer lookin ' to get high . and I be just the man who can get he there . so what say we throw caution to the wind and let the chip fall where they may . clarence grab the suitcase and make a beeline for the hotel . Dick and Alabama exchange look and follow . int . beverly wilshire - lobby - day elliot 's walk around the lobby . he 's very nervous . clarence enter the lobby alone , carry the suitcase . 106 . he spot elliot and go in he direction . elliot see clarence approach he . he say to himself quietly : elliot elliot , you motivation be to stay out of jail . clarence walk up to elliot , they shake hand . elliot where 's everybody else ? clarence they will be along . Alabama and Dick enter the lobby and join up with clarence and elliot . elliot hi , Dick . int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day nicholson , dime and the other detective be surround the tape machine . come from the machine be elliot and clarence 's conversation . dick ( v.o. ) how you doin ' , elliot ? clarence ( v.o. ) well , I guess it 's about that time . elliot ( v.o. ) I guess so . follow I . int . beverly wilshire - elevator - day the four of they be riding up in the elevator . as luck would have it , they have the car to themselves . rinky dinky elevator muzak be play . they be all silent . clarence break the silence . clarence elliot . elliot yeah ? clarence get on you knee . not sure he 's hear he right . 107 . elliot what ? clarence hit the stop button on the elevator panel and whip out the .45 . clarence I say , get on you fuckin ' knee ! elliot do it immediately . Dick and Alabama react . clarence shut up , both of you , I know what I be doin ' ! int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day pandemonium . dime he know . nicholson how the fuck could he know ? dime he see the wire . nicholson how 's he suppose to see the wire ? dime he know something 's up . nicholson he 's bluff . he can not know . int . beverly wilshire - elevator - day clarence put the .45 against elliot 's forehead . clarence you must think I be pretty stupid , do not you ? no answer . clarence do not you !? elliot ( petrify ) no. 108 . clarence ( yell ) do not lie to I , motherfucker . you apparently think I be the dumbest motherfucker in the world , do not you ?! say : clarence , you be , without a doubt , the dumbest motherfucker in the whole wide world . say it ! int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day dime we gotta get he outta there . nicholson what 'er we gonna do ? he 's in a elevator . int . beverly wilshire - elevator - day clarence say it , goddamn it ! elliot you be the dumbest person in the world . clarence apparently I be not as dumb as you think I be . elliot no . no , you be not . clarence what 's wait for we up there ? tell I or I will pump two right in you face . int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day nicholson he 's bluff ya , elliot . can not you see that ? you be a actor , remember the show must go on . dime this guy 's gonna kill he . int . beverly wilshire - elevator - day clarence stand up . 109 . elliot do . the .45 be still press against he forehead . clarence like Nick Carter use to say : if I be wrong , I will apologize . I want you to tell we what 's waitin ' for we . up there . something 's amiss , I can feel it . if anything out of the ordinary go down , believe this , you be gonna be the first one shot . int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day nicholson he 's bluffin ' ! I know it . he do not know shit . dime do not blow it , elliot . he 's bluffin' . he just tell you so himself . nicholson you be a actor , so act , motherfucker ! int . beverly wilshire - elevator - day elliot still have not answer . clarence okay . with the .45 up against elliot 's head , clarence put he palm over the top of the gun to shield himself from the splatter . Alabama and Dick can not believe what he 's gonna do . elliot , tear run down he face , start talk for the benefit of the people at the other end of the wire . he sound like a little boy . elliot I do not wanna be here . I wanna go home . I wish somebody would just come and get I ' cause I do not like this . this be not what I think it would be . and I wish somebody would just come and take I away . just take I away . come and get I . ' Cause I do not like this anymore . I can not take this . ( more ) 110 . elliot ( cont 'd ) I be sorry but I just can not . so , if somebody would just come to my rescue , everything would be alright . int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day nicholson and dime shake they head . they have a '' well , that 's that " expression on they face . int . beverly wilshire - elevator - day clarence put down the gun and hug elliot . clarence sorry , elliot . nothing personal . I just hadda make sure you be alright . I be sure . I really apologize for scare you so bad but , believe I , I be just as scared as you . Friends ? elliot , in a state of shock , take clarence 's hand . Dick and Alabama be relieved . int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day nicholson and dime listen open-mouthed , not believe what they be hearing . cut to : int . dick apartment - day floyd be lie on the couch , watch tv . he have not move since we last see he . there be a knock on the door . floyd ( not turn away from the tv ) it 's open . the door fling open and the four wiseguy rapidly enter the room . the door slam shut . all have they saw - off draw and point at floyd . floyd yes ? lenny be you Dick ritchie ? 111. floyd no. lenny do you know a clarence worley ? floyd yes . lenny do you know where we can find he ? floyd he 's at the beverly wilshire . lenny where 's that ? floyd well , you go down beachwood ... int . beverly wilshire - lee' room - day clarence knock on the door . the door open and reveal a extremely muscular guy with a uzi strapped to he shoulder stand in the doorway . his name be monty . monty hi , elliot . be this you friend ? elliot you could say that . everybody , this be monty . monty c'mon in . Lee 's in the can . he will be out in a quick . they all move into the room , it be very luxurious . another incredibly muscular guy , boris , be sit on the sofa . he , too , have a uzi. monty begin patting everyone down . monty sorry , nothing personal . he start to search clarence . clarence back away . clarence no need to search I , daredevil . all you will find be a .45 caliber automatic . 112 . boris get up from the couch . boris what compel you to bring that along ? clarence the same thing that compel you , beastmaster , to bring rapid-fire weaponry to a business meeting . boris I will take that . clarence you will have to . the toilet flush in the bathroom . the door swing open and Lee donowitz emerge . lee they be here . who 's who ? elliot Lee , this be my friend , Dick , and this be he friend : clarence and Alabama . boris ( point at clarence ) this guy 's pack . lee really ? clarence well , I have to admit , walkin ' through the door and seein ' that soldier of fortune poster boy make I a bit nervous . but , Lee , I be fairly confident that you come here to do business , not to be a wiseguy . so , if you want , I will put my gun on the table . lee I do not think that will be necessary . let 's all have a seat . boris , why do not you be nice and get coffee for everybody . they all sit around a fancy glass table except for boris , who 's get the coffee , and monty , who stand behind Lee 's chair . clarence oh , Mr. donowitz -- 113. lee Lee , clarence . please do not insult I . call I Lee . clarence okay , sorry , Lee . I just wanna tell you that come Home in a body bag be one of my favorite movie . after apocalypse now , I think it 's the best Vietnam movie ever . lee thank you very much , clarence . clarence you know , most movie that win a lot of oscar , I can not stand . Sophie 's Choice , ordinary people , Kramer versus . Kramer , Gandhi . all that stuff be safe , geriatric , coffee table , dog shit . lee I hear you talk , clarence . we park we car in the same garage . clarence like that merchant ivory claptrap . all that asshole make be unwatchable movie from unreadable book . boris start place clear glass coffee cup in front of everybody and fill everyone 's cup from a fancy coffee - pot that he handle like a expert . lee clarence , there might be somebody somewhere that agree with you more than I do , but I would not count on it . clarence be on a roll and he know it . clarence they be not play , they be not book , they certainly be not movie , they be film . and do you know what film be ? they be for people who do not like movie . mad Max , that 's a movie . the good , the bad and the Ugly , that 's a movie . Rio bravo , that 's a movie . rumblefish , that 's a fuckin ' movie . and come Home in a body bag , that 's a movie . ( more ) clarence ( cont 'd ) 114 . it be the first movie with ball to win a lot of oscar since deerhunter . int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room they be all listen to this . dime what 's this guy doin ' ? makin ' - day a drug deal or gettin ' a job on the New Yorker ? int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room clarence my uncle Roger and uncle Jerry , - day both of which be in ' nam , see come Home in a body bag and think it be the most accurate Vietnam film they would ever see . lee you know , clarence , when a veteran of that bullshit war say that , it make the whole project worthwhile . clarence , my friend , and I call you my friend because we have similar interest , let 's take a look at what you have for I . int . beverly wilshire - cop' HOTEL room nicholson thank God . int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room clarence put the suitcase on the table . clarence Lee , when you see this , you be gonna shit . int . beverly wilshire - lobby - day the four wiseguy be at the desk . - day - day 115 . lenny ( quietly , to the other ) what be that guy 's name ? marvin donowitz . front desk guy how can I help you , gentleman ? lenny ( as he stuff a hundred dollar bill into he pocket ) yeah , we be from Warner Brothers . what room be Mr. donowitz in ? int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - day Lee 's look over the cocaine and sampling it . clarence now that 's practically uncut . if you desire , you could cut ita helluva lot more . lee do not worry , I will desire . boris , could I have some more coffee ? clarence I , too , boris . boris fill both they cup . they both , calm as a lake , take cream and sugar . all eye be on they . Lee use light cream and sugar , he begin stir he cup . clarence use very heavy cream and sugar . lee ( stir loudly ) you like a little coffee with you cream and sugar ? clarence I be not saitsfy till the spoon stand straight up . both be cool as cucumber . lee I have to hand it to you , this be not nose garbage . this be quality . can boris make anybody a sandwich ? ( more ) 116 . lee ( cont 'd ) I get all kind of sandwich shit from canter 's in there . alabama no , thank you . dick no . but thanks . clarence no thanks . Lee continue look at the merchandise . Alabama write something on she napkin with a pencil and slide the napkin over to clarence . it say : " you be so cool " with a tiny heart draw on the bottom of it . clarence take a pencil and draw a arrow through the heart . she take the napkin and put it in she pocket . Lee look up . lee okay , clarence , the merchandise be perfect . but , whenever I be offer a deal that 's too good to be true , it 's because it 's a lie . convince I you be on the level . int . beverly wilshire - cop' HOTEL room - day nicholson if he do not bite , we be not get shit except possession . dime convince he . int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - day clarence well , Lee , it 's like this . you be get the bargain of a lifetime because I do not know what the fuck I be do . you be use to dealin ' with professional . I be nota professional . I be a rank amateur . I could take that and I could cut it and I could sell it a little bit at a time and make a helluva lot more money . but , in order to do that , I would have to become a drug dealer . I be not a drug dealer . and I do not want to be a drug dealer . ( more ) 117 . clarence ( cont 'd ) deal with cut - throat junky , killer ; worry about gettin ' bust all the time . just meeting you here today scare the shit outta I and you be not a junkie , a killer or a cop , you be a fuck movie producer . I like you and I be still scared . I 'ma punk kid who pick up a rock in the street , only to find out it 's the hope diamond . it 's worth a million dollar , but I can not get a million for it . but you can . so I will sell it to you for a couple a ' hundred thousand . you go make a million . it 's all find money to I anyway . I and my wife be minimum wage kid , two hundred thousand be the world . lee elliot tell I you be front for a dirty cop . clarence well , elliot be not suppose to tell you anything . he 's nota dirty cop , he 's a good cop . he just see he chance and he take it . lee why do he trust you ? clarence we grow up together . lee if you do not know shit , why do he think you can sell it ? clarence I bullshit he . Lee start laugh . lee that 's wild . this fuckin ' guy 's a madman . I love it . monty , go in the other room and get the money . clarence , Alabama and Dick exchange look . 118 . int . beverly wilshire - cop ' HOTEL room - day nicholson make a hole with he thumb and forefinger . dime smile and stick he finger through the hole . they be triumphant . int . beverly wilshire - elevator - day the four wiseguy be come up . int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - day lee ( point to Alabama ) what 's you part in this ? alabama I be he wife . lee ( vefer to Dick ) how ' bout you ? dick I know elliot . lee and elliot know I . monty bring in a briefcase with the money and put it on the table . lee wanna count you money ? clarence actually , they can count it . I would like to use the little boy 's room . int . beverly wilshire - cop' HOTEL room - day they all stand . dime okay , boy , let 's go get ‘em . int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - bathroom - day clarence step inside the bathroom and shut the door . as soon as it 's shut , he start do the twist . he can not believe he pull it off . he go to the toilet and start take a piss . 119 . he hear the rhythmic snapping of a finger . he turn and see the extreme closeup of elvis ' hand . elvis clarence , I gotta hand it to ya . you be cooler than cool . int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - day everything 's just as it be . suddenly , nicholson , dime and the four detective burst into the room , gun draw . nicholson and dime Police ! freeze , you be all under arrest . everybody at the table stand up . boris and monty stand ready with they uzis . nicholson you two . put the gun on the floor and back away . monty fuck you ! all you pig put you gun on the floor and back away . lee monty , what be you talk about ? do what they say . dime this be you last warning ! Drop that fuckin ' gun . boris this be you last warning ! we could kee all six of ya and ya fuckin ' know it ! now get on the floor ! dick what the fuck be I do here ? lee boris ! everybody 's gonna get kill ! they be cop ! monty so , they be cop . who give a shit ? boris Lee , something I never tell you about I . I do not like cop . 120 . dime okay , let 's everybody calm down and get nice . nobody have to die . we do not want it and you do not want it . lee we do not want it . the four wiseguy burst through the door , shotgun draw except for frankie , who have two .45 automatics , one in each hand . half the cop spin around . wurlitzer freeze ! lenny who be you guy ? wurlitzer Police . marvin ( to lenny ) do we get any extra if we have to kill cop ? int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - bathroom - day clarence and elvis . clarence how do you think I be doin ' with Lee ? elvis be you kiddin ' ? he love you . clarence you do not think I be kissin ' he ass , do you ? elvis you be tell he what he want to hear , but that be not the same thing as kissin ' he ass . clarence I be not lyin ' to he . I mean it . I love come Home in a body bag . 121 . elvis that 's why it do not come across as ass kissin ' , because it 's genuine and he can see that . elvis fix clarence 's collar . elvis I like ya , clarence . always have . int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - day this be a mexican standoff , if ever there be one . gangster at one end , with shotgun . bodyguard at the other end , with machine gun . and cop in the middle , with handgun . Dick 's ready to pass out . Alabama 's so scared she 's peed on herself . she place she hand on she stomach . for elliot , this have be the worst day of he life and he 's about have it . elliot Officer dime ? Officer dime ? dime look at elliot . elliot this have nothing to do with I anymore . can I just leave and you guy just settle it by yourselves ? dime elliot , shut the fuck up and stay put ! lee ( to elliot ) how do you know he name ? how the fuck do he know you name ? why , you fuckin ' little piece of shit ! elliot Lee , understand , I do not want to -- nicholson shut the fuck up ! 122 . lee well , I hope you be not plan on act in the next twenty year ' cause you career be over , as of now . you might as well burn you sag card ! to think I treat you as a son ! and you stab I in the heart ! Lee can not control he anger anymore . he grab the coffee pot off the table and fling hot coffee in elliot 's face . elliot scream and fall to he knee . instinctively , nicholson shoot Lee twice . Lee flop backwards over the couch and onto the floor . Alabama scream . boris let loose with the uzi , painting nicholson red with bullet . dime ( scream ) cody !! nicholson fly backwards . Vic fire he shotgun , hit nicholson in the back , jerk nicholson 's body back and forth and then onto the floor . clarence open the bathroom door . dime hit the ground firing . a shot catch clarence in the face . Alabama scream . clarence stagger backwards into the bathroom and fall onto the floor . it might have be a stand - off before , but , once the fire start , everybody 's either hit the ground or run for cover . dime , Alabama , Dick , lenny , a ia officer and wurlitzer hit the ground . boris dive into the kitchen area . monty tip the table over . marvin dive behind a sofa . 123 . frankie run out of the door and down the hall . with bullet fly this way and that , some do not have time to do anything . two ia officer be hit straight away . Vic take a uzi hit and go down firing . elliot get it from both side . Alabama be crawl across the floor like a soldier in war , towards the bathroom . marvin bring he sawed - off up from behind the sofa and fire . the shotgun blast hit the glass table and monty . monty stand up , scream . the cop on the ground let loose , hit monty . as monty go down , he finger hit the trigger of the uzi , spraying FIRE all over the room . cut to : ext . beverly wilshire - day cop car start arrive in twos at the front of the hotel . cut to : int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - day Alabama be still crawl toward clarence . the suitcase full of cocaine be beside Dick . Dick grab it and toss it in the air . marvin come from behind the sofa and fire . the suitcase be hit in mid-air and white powder go everywhere . the room be envelop in cocaine . Dick take this as he cue and make a dash out of the door . a ia officer go after he . lenny make a break for it . wurlitzer go after he , but be pin down by marvin . Alabama reach clarence . ( continued ) 124 . alabama sweety ? clarence I ... I can not see you ... I have get blood in my eye ... she start furiously try to clear the blood out of he face . alabama sweety ... sweety ... do not you die on I ! cut to : int . beverly wilshire - hallway - day frankie run down the hall , right into a cluster of uniform police . he fire he .45 , hit two just before the other chop he to ribbon . cut to : int . beverly wilshire - another hallway - day the hallway be empty but we hear footstep approaching fast . Dick come around the corner , run as if on fire . then we see the ia Officer turn the same corner . ia officer ( aim gun at Dick ) freeze , asshole ! Dick screech to a halt and raise he arm . dick I be unarm ! ia officer put you hand on you head , you sonofabitch ! he do . then come from 0.s. , a shotgun blast tear into the ia Officer send he into the wall . dick oh shit ! he start run again and run out of the frame . then lenny turn the corner and run down the hall . 125 . Dick run into the elevator area . he hit the button . he 's trap , it 's like a box . lenny catch up . Dick raise he hand . lenny aim the saw - off shotgun . dick look , I don ' know who you be but whatever it be that I do to you , I be sorry . ( look up , tear welling in he eye ) oh , God , if you just get I outta this , I swear to God I will never fuck up again . please , just let I get to ' t.j. hooker ' on Monday . two elevator door on either side of they open up . lenny look at Dick . he drop he aim and say : lenny lotsa luck ! lenny dive into the elevator car . Dick jump into the other . cut to : int . beverly wilshire - lee' HOTEL room - day dime and wurlitzer call to marvin behind the couch . dime okay , black jacket ! it 's two against one now . toss the gun out and lie face down on the floor or die like all you friend . the shotgun be toss out from behind the couch . boris have catch a lot of buckshot but he will live . he 's sit up against a wall . dime and wurlitzer have they gun draw and aim at the couch . from where they be they can also see Alabama and clarence , although they do not seem to pose as much of a threat right now as marvin . dime now come out with you hand raise ! 126. marvin ( from behind the couch ) no ! dime and wurlitzer exchange glance and then look back at the couch . dime why the fuck not !? marvin ' Cause you be gonna shoot I ! wurlitzer come out from behind the couch ! dime now ! boris I need a ambulance ! wurlitzer shut the fuck up ! boris I need a fuck ambulance ! wurlitzer would you -- suddenly , marvin jump up from behind the couch with a snub-nose revolver . he blast off three shot . dime that dumb fuck ! then dime notice the blood in wurlitzer 's stomach . wurlitzer drop he gun . wurlitzer oh damn . look like I take one . wurlitzer sit down in the shot - up couch . wurlitzer damn . dime lean next to wurlitzer . dime it 's not that bad , it 's not that bad ... I will call for a ambulance . but wurlitzer be dead . 127 . *** dime ( frustrated ) shit . he look around at the battle zone . the room be tear apart . nicholson 's headless body be cover with coke from the suitcase . Dead body be everywhere . boris I need a ambulance . dime fuck you ! boris fuck you ! I be bleed here ! dime empties he clip into boris until it 's clear boris be not go to be need much of anything . dime that be for cody , you sack a shit . then a bullet cut through dime ' solar plexus . a shot that come from behind . a shot that come from Alabama . dime collapse to the ground . Alabama be hold clarence against she . he look practically unconscious . Alabama have that fire in she eye of a mother lion defend she young . all she want , and all she care about be the man lean against she . she drop the gun to the ground . alabama ( tenderly to clarence ) c'mon , sweety , we have get to get out of here . they start to hobble out , then Alabama see something ... the suitcase full of money . she look around the carnage of the room , then down at the suitcase . and with clarence under one arm and the suitcase grip tightly in the other , she walk out of the room . cut to : int . beverly wilshire - lobby - day lenny be hold a woman hostage with the shotgun hold to she head . 128 . Fifteen cop , all with they gun aim at lenny , be try to talk he out of it . the lobby be a scene of total chaos . cop # 1 it do not have to be this way , son ! lenny ( yell ) fuck you ! I will blow this bitch 's brain to kingdom come ! cop # 2 put the gun down ! lenny I say fuck you ! I want a car here , takin ' I to the airport , with a plane full o' gas ... and a million buck ! ( pause ) small bill . at another part of the lobby the elevator door open up . clarence and Alabama hobble out . amid all the chaos nobody ( miraculously ) notice ... or care to notice ... clarence and Alabama as they slowly walk out . just before they be out of the building the police OPEN FIRE on lenny and yank the woman away from he . people scream . Alabama and clarence slip out the door and into the parking lot . ext . beverly wilshire - parking lot - day as they pass the police car and firetruck , amid all the chaos , we hear Alabama 's voice : alabama ( v.o. ) sometimes I be ask by clarence what I be think as we walk a suitcase full of cash under the nose of a hundred cop . Alabama and the delirious clarence get into the red mustang . with Alabama at the wheel they drive away . 129 . alabama ( v.o. ) I smile and play coy with he and have never yet tell he what be go through my mind . dissolve to : int . red mustang ( california coast ) - moving - day clarence be sleep with he head in Alabama 's lap . his face be cover with bandage . she drive , pensively think to herself . alabama ( v.o. ) amid the chaos of that day , when all I could hear be the thunder of gunshot , and all I could smell be the violence in the air , I look back and be amaze that my thought be so clear and true . that three word go through my mind endlessly . repeating themselves like a break record . they pass through the Tijuana border gate . alabama ( v.o. ) you be so cool . you be so cool . you be so cool . dissolve to : ext . mexico beach - day a little boy with nappy black hair and strike blue eye run into he mother 's arm . his mother be Alabama . next to she be clarence , wear a eyepatch . they pick the little boy up and walk down the beach , they pants roll up , the water lap at they foot , and the warm wind blow in they hair . alabama ( v.o. ) and sometimes clarence ask I what I would have do if he have die . if that bullet have be two inch more to the leave . to this I always smile as if I be not go to satisfy he with a response . but I always do . ( more ) 130 . alabama ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I tell he of how I would want to die , but that the anguish and want of death would fade like the star at dawn . and that thing would be much as they be now . perhaps . except , maybe , I would not have name we son ... elvis . fade to black . the end