true crime screenplay by Stephen schiff adapted from the novel by Andrew klavan no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . first revision May 11 , 1998 Rev. 5/11/98 fade in : int . san quentin state prison - credit montage - night 1 a series of very tight closeup : a convict , frank beachum , be be examine by a prison doctor , doctor roger water . we do not see he face until the end of the sequence . instead we see only the part of he body that be be examine , and from this we can tell that he be black , well - muscle , and in he late twenty . closeup on he chest as he prison shirt ( stencile cp - 133 ) come off . a stethoscope against he chest . Dr. Waters look down at he watch . second hand of the watch . dr . water ( 0.s. ) sixty -five . normal . the prisoner 's muscular arm , with a blood - pressure cuff on it . Dr. Waters rip off the cuff . underneath be a mean-look tattoo of a bleed heart with a knife through it . dr . water ( 0.s. ) blood pressure , one twenty over seventy - five . normal . the prisoner 's leg . Dr. Waters tap he knee with a reflex hammer . dr . water ( 0.s. ) reflexes normal . the prisoner 's mouth , open , with a tongue depressor stick in it . the prisoner gag : " agh ! " dr . water ( 0.s. ) look fine . healthy as a horse . closeup of a clock on the wall : 10:17 . the face of luther plunkitt , the San quentin prison warden , watch the examination , and then look at the clock . plunkitt be white , fortyish , and a little soft in the gut . he 's see enough in he year at San quentin to be neither a pushover nor a martinet . to he , the exam be routine , but he 's also mindful of its significance : it 's the final exam before beachum 's execution in about twenty - six hour . he nod toward a guard who be sit at a typewriter . the guard type . closeup of the page in the typewriter . it 's the prisoner 's chronological . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 2 . continued : the guard type : " 22:17 -- mo exam complete . " dr . water just one more thing , luther . plunkitt look at the doctor . then at beachum . plunkitt you gotta whizz in the cup , Frank . then we be do . closeup of beachum 's face . we see that he be young , and that he might have be scary once -- might , in fact , have be someone 's worst nightmare . now there 's something else in he face : a terrible weariness , hopelessness mingle with the struggle against fear . as the credit end , the clock on the wall tick to 10:18 . CUT to : omitted ext . dead man' curve - night a stretch of parkway that swing to the leave at a acute angle . a gas station , close , be situate to the right of the turn 's apex . warning sign and blink yellow light . int . gordon be bar - night the warm wooden interior be hang with lantern and ad for microbrew . at the bar sit steve everett , a newspaperman with the face of a smart -ass . he have wick eyebrow and a wick smile . Everett be thin -waist , broad -shoulder , and muscular from lift weight . he be have a drink -- a non-alcoholic drink -- with michelle ziegler , a novice reporter who be very young , very allure , and very ambitious . her skirt be too short , and she lustrous eye gleam with the superiority of the recent college graduate . michelle well , fuck ‘em . everett ( sighing ) oh , God . now we be go to talk journalism . michelle you call this journalism ? you be tell I that -- everett Michelle , it 's be a long weekend . people keep shoot each other . I keep write about it ... michelle I be serious . I have have enough of this crap . I be go back to school , get my Ph.D. -- write thing that matter . everett Michelle , I hate to break this to you , but you be twenty - three . you do not know anything that matter . michelle ( laugh ) and fuck you too , ev. everett all right , pull up a shoulder . what would they do to you ? ( continued ) continued : michelle not they . he -- Alan . kill my sidebar on the Frank beachum murder . if you ask I , something about the whole case stink anyway , but what I be try to get at -- everett Michelle , I read that sidebar -- michelle hey , it be good , ev. you gotta admit . best stuff I have write in month . everett oh , yeah . be not that the piece about ! -- now do not let I fuck this up : ' the media glorify beachum 's victim in order to mask we patriarchal culture ... 's michelle which create the very violence that destroy she ! exactly ! everett Alan should not have kill it like that . michelle fuckin ' A. everett I would have torture it first . Michelle laugh in spite of herself and give Everett a naughty look . michelle it might have enjoy that . everett honey , it would have begge for more . the bartender , neil , poke he head over the bar . neil ' nother round ? everett yeah , Neil . margarita for the lady , and my usual . neil not you usual usual . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) everett my new , improve usual . neil virgin Mary . everett yeah . heavy on the virgin . Michelle look at he curiously . michelle tell I something , ev. if you be such a hot shit , what be you do stick here in bumfuck , California ? everett ( slide closer ) look for love . she let he put he arm around she . michelle well , you have come to all the wrong place . everett ( closer ) not from where I sit . for a moment they melt into each other 's arm . then Michelle pull away . michelle no. unh-unh . not smart . everett what 's smart get to do with it ? michelle I gotta go . I can not do this . you be marry and you be -- I can not do this ! she get up and wobble out of the bar . Everett watch she , more amused than sorry . he glance at the bartender , Neil , who be just arrive with the drink . Neil shrug . neil next time . everett ( winking ) next time for sure . 10 11 ext . gordon be bar - night ( light rain ) 5 Michelle exit into the rain , a sexy little grin on she face : " next time for sure . " int . michelle's car - moving - night ( light rain ) 6 Michelle be drive , still smile to herself . michelle's Pov 7 through she windshield , smear , the wiper rag , the road barely visible . int . michelle's car - moving - night ( rain ) 8 Michelle turn on the radio . alternative rock pump into the car . Michelle respond enthusiastically , dance in she bucket seat , beat on the steering wheel . she 's feel good . ext . / int . dead man' curve - night ( rain ) 9 the same angle as before . it 's come up much too quickly . the car 's tire catch the edge of a retain wall and jerk sideways . intercut with : int . michelle's car - night ( rain ) 10 Michelle swing the wheel violently ; the car zig - zag and slide sideways into the gas station lot . the wall of the station hurtle toward we . michelle please ! the car smashes head - on into the wall . Michelle rip through the windshield ; the glass explode outward . the grind of metal against metal , and then , gradually , the noise subside . the smoke settles , revealing a hole in the windshield frame by a crumpled steering column . the hiss of hot , leak fluid slowly segue into ... ... the sound of a power mower . dream sequence - ext . beachum be yard - angle on 11 beachum' hand - day gripping a lawn mower . ( continued ) 11 12 continued : 11 beachum' Pov Green grass , sunshine , a small white house against a blue sky . bonnie , a pleasant - look young black woman , call to he from the barbecue . in she hand be a small brown object , which she waggle back and forth . from under the sound of the mower , the cooing of a baby . we look down and to the right : there 's a plastic sandbox shape like a turtle , and in it be Frank 's little daughter , gail , whack the sand with she shovel and coo at she father . beachum 's gaze return to bonnie , still call to he , waggling something . back to scene beachum what ?... just hold on . I can not hear you . the sound of the lawn mower gradually turn into a clacking sound -- the sound of a typewriter . end of dream sequence . angle on prison typewriter we see the chronological be type : " 6:21 -- prisoner awake . " angle on beachum' face his eye fly open . he jerk up , look around he . int . death row - morning through the bar he see the duty officer , reedy , type . reedy Morning , Frank . beachum nod . reedy can I get you anything ? some breakfast ? beachum sag , pull himself up , struggle to answer . beachum if you get , like , a roll ? some coffee ? reedy we will get that right away , Frank . ( continued ) 12 13 14 15 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 8. continued : 12 reedy type , then get up and murmur to another guard station outside the cell . then reedy sit down and type again . we see the word : " 6:24 -- Breakfast order relay to CO drummond . " omitted 13 int . oakland tribune - pressroom - morning 14 we be in the bowel of the building . two large press crank out the next edition . it 's hot and noisy and dirty down here , just the way alan mann like it . Alan emerge from the cafeteria carry a extra large styrofoam cup of coffee . he stop to schmooze with the guy who run the press -- newspaper guy , ink-stain and tough . Alan be tall and broad -shoulder , with a belly that hang over he belt ; he look like a athlete go to seed . he 's the newspaper 's editor - in -chief . bob findley , the city editor , be young and softer . as he approach Alan , he be wear a neatly - press pink shirt and a cheerful tie ; no jacket . Bob compose he face and take a deep breath . he pride himself on be caring . just now , he have the look of a man who be about to impart some serious news . bob you hear ? alan yeah . bob what a tragedy . int . elevator - morning 15 they enter . Alan punch " four " with he free hand and impatiently stab at the " close door " button . alan what be she , drunk ? bob ( a pain smile ) I do not know . it be up at -- you know , that vicious turn onto the parkway ? they ought to do something about that place . ( continued ) 15 16 17 continued : 15 alan do we have to cover for she ? do she have anything big on ? bob she have that interview with Frank beachum at San quentin . then she be go to witness the execution tonight . alan Christ . bob it 's a little worse for Michelle , Alan . int . newsroom - morning 16 a large , chaotic open space partition into smaller cubicle . Alan cross the city section where a handful of reporter be make phone call and peck away at computer keyboard . Bob follow , a few pace behind . bob I do not know if the warden ' 1ll go for a replacement on the interview with beachum . but I think I would take harvey off the fraud meeting and -- alan put Everett on it . bob Steve ? uh , Steve 's get the day off . alan not any more he have not . he can do the interview , then he can witness the execution . what 's-his -face , the warden down at San quentin -- plunkitt . Steve 's deal with he before . I can get he in . they pass jane MARCH , Bob 's assistant . she catch he eye and offer a sympathetic look : ' what a tragedy . " int . alan mann' office - morning 17 Alan stride in , with Bob right behind he . Bob shut the door . Alan stand behind he desk . alan you think Everett 's a asshole . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 10 . 17 continued : 17 bob I do not think he 's a asshole . alan you be wrong . he be a asshole . trust I : I know he . a lot of people who be good at they job be asshole , Bob . Alan plunk himself into he seat , reach into he inside coat pocket , and remove a packet of crumb cake , which he slam down on the desk as though make a declaration . he open he coffee and look up expectantly at Bob . bob ( earnestly ) I know that , Alan . it 's just , Everett think everything 's a big investigative witch hunt . like on that Mike vargas piece -- alan he be a drunk then . he 's not now . bob right . two month ago he be a drunk , now he 's sober -- if you say so , Alan . anyway , that 's beside the point . the point be , this be not a Steve Everett slash - and - burn job . it 's a sidebar . it 's a issue piece . alan ( wide - eye ) ooh ! a issue piece ! well , dog my cat ! bob come on , Alan . Capital punishment -- you know . I mean , the state be put aman to death tonight . killing a human be . alan ( enjoy this ) oh , well , stop the press ! hey , be Amy whatsherface , the pregnant broad old frankie shot in the chest -- be she a human be ? be that part of the issue ? bob okay , yeah . that 's part of the issue . alan crumb cake ? ( continued ) 11 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 bob no. no. alan let I tell you something , Bob . issue be the shit we make up to give we a excuse to run good storey . judge grab a female attorney 's tit , that 's the sex discrimination issue . nine - year- old kill he brother with a uzi , that 's the child violence issue . people want to read about sex organ and blood . we make up issue so they do not have to feel too nasty about it . bob I guess I should call Steve Everett then . because that 's he attitude exactly . alan ( lean back ) Bob , you have be here , what ? Three month now ? I have be work with Steve Everett for three and a half year , and let I tell you something : the guy be good , as good as I have ever see . you know why he be kick out of New York ? you know the story ? bob I have hear a coupla thing . alan Steve Everett bust the mayor , Bob . the mayor of fuck New York City . Steve get hold of a secret memo on a contract bribe between hizzoner and one of the ex-borough president , and he run with it in he column . bob so ? alan the paper try to kill it , ' cause the owner be in bed with the mayor . so what would Everett do ? do not whine -- do not back down , either . he walk . a long silence . Bob shove he hand in he pocket . bob all right . all right , it 's you paper . ( continued ) 17 18 19 12 . continued : ( 3 ) 17 alan and , Bob -- when you send flower to the girl 's family , would you include my name ? thanks . ' preciate it . Bob go out . Alan watch he for a moment , smile and shake he head . alan gullible bastard . int . bathroom - close on toilet - morning 18 where Everett , stark naked , be empty a ashtray . butt fall into the bowl , and then we see hand use toilet paper to wipe out the ash . we hear Everett 's voice , as though he 's talk to someone in another room . everett ( 0.s. ) hey , I could have be happy in New York forever -- they be about to let I run the investigative team . that would have put I on the pulitzer track . he finish the job and emerge into the adjoin bedroom . int . bedroom - morning 19 on the muss bed , look wondrously shapely and wondrously naked , be patricia findley , Bob 's wife . she watch Everett 's approach admiringly , but there be something sardonic in she smile . Everett put the ashtray on a bedside table . everett it be a nice life -- Broadway show , downtown club , Elaine 's every night , veal chop up the wazoo . he do a little dance , sing James Brown 's " get the feeling , " play imaginary maraca . everett ' baby , baby , baa -by . baby , baby , baa - by . baby , baby , baa - by . ' ' course , they never serve anything like this . he swoops down and bite Patricia on the buttock . patricia ooh ! now you have to kiss it and make it better . ( continued ) 13 . 19 continued : 19 Everett do . and while he 's still kissing : patricia so you be the king of New York . why be you hack out Metro storey at the oakland tribune ? everett get catch in the supply room with a seventeen - year - old desk assistant . patricia no ! everett yup . turned out to be the daughter of the paper 's owner . blackball I all over town . patricia you bad man ! what would you wife say ? everett ( not without pain ) well , we would just have the kid , you know . it be tough on she , but she want to keep we together . and when Alan say he would take I on , I guess she figure , you know , another town , another change . patricia you bad man . first the owner 's daughter . now the editor 's wife . do I detect a hostility toward authority figure ? everett only the one I work for . patricia and be that what you be go to say in the next city , with someone else ? ( imitate he ) oh , I get catch with the editor 's wife . you know how that be . Everett get up and begin pull on he pants . everett I get catch with you , I do not know how many other city will have I . Patricia watch he dress , affect a pout . ( continued ) 14 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 patricia so playtime 's over ? everett you gotta get to work . I gotta get home . see if the wife and kid still recognize I . patricia you be not go to tell I how awful we be be , be you ? everett well ... Bob 's a decent guy . good newspaperman . solid editor . patricia so this all just stink , right ? what we be do . everett you and I , Patricia , we be just two simple people sweep away in a whirlwind of passion . something like that . Everett finish put on he shirt and bend over to give she a kiss . then he turn away , look for he wallet and key . patricia look , it 's all right . it 's not like I love you or anything . everett ( smile ) thanks . I do not love you too . the phone ring . she pick it up . patricia hello ? uh ... all right ... Everett make for the door , blow she a kiss and mouth a " bye . " but Patricia hold up she index finger : " wait a second . " patricia ( on the phone ) yes ... yes , all right . she hang up and then look at Everett , who be wait expectantly . ( continued ) 19 20 21 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 15 . continued : ( 3 ) 19 patricia you will not believe this . everett what ? patricia that be bob. everett what would he want ? patricia he be look for you . Everett be stunne . everett who tell he ? patricia how the hell should I know ? Everett look at she , hard . he wheel and head out the door . omitted 20 int . san quentin state prison - deathwatch cell - day 21 plunkitt step into the cell . reedy stand in front of he typewriter . plunkitt nod and turn toward the prisoner . beachum sit at a small table behind a wall of bar . the table be cover with several sheet of paper and a bic pen . beachum hold a cigarette between two of he finger , send a zig - zag of smoke to the ceiling . the ash have grow long . it drop to the table of its own weight . beachum do not move he hand at all . plunkitt Morning , Frank . ( continued ) 21 16 . continued : 21 beachum ( softly , respectfully ) Mr. plunkitt . plunkitt anything I can get for you ? anything you need ? beachum no . can not think of nothin’ . beachum be eerily still , he eye cast to the floor . plunkitt there be some matter I gotta discuss with you . figure we do it first thing , get it out of the way . Frank nod slowly , as if it be a very great effort . plunkitt you dinner tonight , for one thing . it can be pretty much anything you want . Frank nod again . more ash fall to the floor . plunkitt you go ‘head and tell reedy here when you decide . now , about you personal effect and belonging -- beachum my wife will take ‘em . plunkitt and you remain ? do that go for you remain , too ? because if she can not afford the funeral expense -- beachum no , no . her church raise some money . it 's all right . plunkitt so you wife will be claim you remain , then . Frank draw a breath . he straighten slightly and he plastic chair scrape the floor . plunkitt wince a bit at the sound . beachum yes sir , that 's right . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 17 . 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 plunkitt okay . now , I want to give you some idea here of what 's go to happen tonight . we will have to ask you visitor to leave at seven p.m. you will be give you dinner and a fresh set of clothes . there 's a sort of plastic underwear thing we have to ask you to put on . no one will be able to see it or anything , but we need it for sanitary purpose . we will make sure it 's remove before you wife claim the body . plunkitt pause and stare at beachum 's cigarette , at the ash lengthen on the end of it . then he snap himself back . plunkitt we will come for you , oh , about a half hour before the procedure . you will be take into the procedure room and they ' 1l hook a e.k.g. up to you and the intravenous line at that time . but nothing 's gonna happen early or anything . right up until 12:01 , we will be monitoring the phone . we get open line to the attorney general and the governor , and that will be check right through to make sure they be in work order . you get any question about any of that ? beachum ( very , very quietly ) no . plunkitt now , there 's just one more thing , and then I will leave you in peace here . it 's about the sedative . beachum stiffen . the line of smoke come up from he cigarette smear as he hand shake . beachum I do not want no sedative . plunkitt sedative 's completely optional , Frank . I would just like to advise you that it can make thing a whole lot easier . ( continued ) 21 22 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 18 . continued : ( 3 ) 21 beachum ( tightly ) I do not want it . ( beat ) I appreciate it , Mr. plunkitt . but I wanna be clear in my mind . when I see my wife , I wanna be clear for that . all right ? plunkitt Fair enough . you change you mind , you let the duty officer know . I just have to give you my little sale talk , be all . beachum keep he eye lower , watch he hand . the cigarette have burn down to the filter , and plunkitt stand there a moment , look nervously at it . finally beachum reach to the tinfoil ashtray next to he and crush it out . int . prison corridor - day 22 plunkitt be meet by he deputy warden , arnold mccardle . Arnold be a jolly fellow with sparkling eye and a three - hundred - pound frame . reading note from a folder , he breathes heavily , keep pace with plunkitt . mccardle badge '1l go down to the gate at nine . get the witness list . what else ? roadblock be up . demonstrator be light so far . plunkitt Visitors all square away ? mccardle wife and kid . you girlfriend from the ' News , ' Michelle Ziegler -- she 's come at four . plunkitt mea culpa . she be pretty persuasive . mccardle hey , let she persuade I next time , would ya ? plunkitt give he a look . they approach the death chamber . plunkitt pause . plunkitt arnie , what do you think of beachum ? ( continued ) 22 23 24 19 . continued : 22 mccardle I do not . sometimes I think about the girl he shot dead over 96 dollar . but mostly I think about do my job . plunkitt nod . " of course , that 's right . " he open the door and usher mccardle into the death chamber . int . death chamber - day 23 reuben skycock , the prison 's maintenance engineer , be fussing with the stainless - steel lethal - injection equipment , check he toggle , stopwatch , and signal light . as plunkitt and mccardle move toward the machine , a sheet - cover figure on the gurney suddenly thrust upward into a sit position . correctional officer atkins ( figure ) warden ! Sir ! I repent ! mccardle ( laugh ) Jesus , Atkins ! Jesus God ! plunkitt turn away . he 's a little shake and would rather the other not notice . ext . oakland tribune build - day 24 the pussy man : a middle - age homeless man , reek of wine and urine , in a filthy gray overcoat , he yellow eye streak with red . he be romance every pass female . pussy man gimme some of that pussy , baby . you get pussy on toast . I need some pussy on toast , baby . gimme some of you pussy on toast ... Everett approach the entrance . pussy man Steve ! be that you , newspaper man ? now I know you get my money . you get money on toast . gimme some of that money on toast . Everett hate this guy . everett back off . ( continued ) 24 25 20 . continued : 24 Everett reach into he pocket . pussy man there 's that money . gimme five , gimme ten , gimme twenty -- twenty dollar , Steve . twenty dollar on toast . Everett hand he a fiver . everett do not spend it on food , asshole . pussy man five dollar ? that 's all you gonna give I ? you could give I twenty dollar . you could give I a hundred dollar , you get so much money . you get money on toast , Steve . a woman pass . the pussy man jerk toward she . pussy man hey , sister , I know you get some sweet pussy . you get sweet pussy on toast ... int . newsroom - day 25 as Everett enter , he see Bob findley watch he from the city desk at the far end of the room . suddenly Everett be terribly self - conscious ; every step feel wrong . he walk , hand in pocket , as casually as he can . as he reach the city desk , Jane March look at he , look at Bob , look back at he . everett Morning , all . heh ! he clear he throat . silence . Bob stare at he . bob you get my message . everett uh. yeah . bob apparently , it seem we have a problem , you and I . Everett 's synapse go on alert , constrict the majority of he favorite muscle . he wait . Bob shuffles some papers . everett do we ? ( continued ) 21 . 25 continued : 25 bob yes . we do . everett look , Bob , I -- bob Michelle Ziegler be kill last night in a car wreck . Everett be not expect this . the news knock the wind out of he . he hold onto the desk to steady himself . everett what ? Michelle ? I be just -- I see she last night . we be ... fuck ! she be just twenty - three or something . jane Dead man 's Curve . everett Jesus . poor kid . just get out of school . she be twenty - three or something . I should have ... a long moment . they all look away from each other . bob ( watch he ) Michelle have a interview schedule today with Frank beachum . everett ( still stunne ) what ? ( beat ) oh , beachum . the guy they be gonna juice today . yeah . she say she have a seat for the show . poor kid . bob she also have a interview with he . at four , face - to- face in the deathwatch cell . Alan want you to cover for she . everett ( still stunne ) right. sure . oh man ! so ... okay . beachum . kill a pregnant girl or something . ( continued ) 25 26 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 22 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 bob a college student . Amy Wilson she be work the summer in Richmond , place call pocum 's grocery . owed beachum ninety - six buck or something -- repair he would do on she car . he shot she dead . everett Nice . anything special about he ? bob Black , tough . mechanic over at the amoco station on Clayton . Jane be read the beachum file . jane say here beachum 's one of that bear - again . close on everett everett they all get bear again on death row . place have the high birth rate in the country . jane ( 0.s. ) cynical . series of shot 26 Raw and grainy , with a video feel , like something out of the tv show " cop . " the shot be punctuate with flash of light , as though from police flashbulb . jane ( v.o . ) come from Michigan -- break home , alcoholic mother . he would be in and out of jail , violent assault , barroom fight , drug , more drug . do two year in the state pen for beat up a cop who try to give he a ticket -- everett ( v.o. ) sound like a reasonable young fellow . jane ( v.o. ) -- and then another three for break into a convenience store . ( continued ) 26 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 23 . continued : 26 over the above : a ) beachum' ramshackle childhood home B ) he drunken mother on a unmade bed in ratty underwear . C ) mug shot of beachum . D ) beachum splay against a car , be arrest and handcuff . E ) bleeding body of a cop , writhe on the ground . jane ( v.o. ) then he get out of the slam and meet he wife . Nice girl , born-again . led he straight to Jesus . they have a daughter , buy a house in Richmond . everett ( v.o. ) and now suddenly he be a nice guy . over the above : F ) shot of bonnie as if for a home video . jane ( v.o. ) I guess not . six year ago , July fourth , he walk into pocum 's . Amy Wilson be work the register . G ) grocery store beachum walk in , look cold and intent . he walk up to the counter . everett ( v.o. ) let I guess . Frank say , ' where 's the ninety - six buck you owe I ? ' she say , ' I be not get it , Mr. beachum , sir . ' and old Frank kinda lose that nasty temper of he . over this : close on beachum . close on Amy Wilson . true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 24 . 27 int . newsroom - day 27 everett I hope he at least express he heartfelt remorse . Jane be peruse the file . jane nope . get this . he still say he just go to the store for some A-1 Steak sauce . everett A-1 sauce . Nice touch . jane look like nussbaum have two strong witness . everett Black or white ? jane uh , let 's see . both white , look like . woman in the parking lot who see he run away . and then this poor guy who drive in because he car overheate , he go in the store to use the phone , and there 's beachum stand over the body , gun in hand , blood all over he . bob okay , okay , do not overload he . all I want be the human interest , all right ? death row , the final day , what 's it like . everett no problem . uh , Bob ? that 's all you need from I . right ? bob ( too deliberately ) that 's all , Steve . everett okay , bob. hokey -dokey . i'1l be ... I will get ... right on it . he turn and begin to walk away , pure relief on he face . then he stop . something be bugging he . he can feel Bob 's eye on he back . the smart thing to do would be to forget about it . but something be stick in Everett 's craw . slowly , he turn . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 25 . 27 continued : 27 Bob 's lip , press together . his glare . bob something more you want to talk about , Steve ? everett yeah . uh ... that witness , the guy who drive in and then find beachum stand over the body . well , he must have hear the shot , right ? bob ( much too softly ) the shot . everett yeah . I mean , he car be overheate , he drive into the parking lot , get out , probably open the hood , see the engine steaming , walk in the store . see , if a shoot be go on all that time , he must have hear the shot . jane so he hear the shot . a long pause . Bob stand very still , grow redder by the second . his jaw be very , very tense . Jane watch he like a bus passenger sit next to a tick parcel . bob ( very control ) I do not know , Steve . I do not know if he hear the shot or not . maybe he do . ( more ) ( continued ) 27 28 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 bob ( cont 'd ) what I would like you to do please be to get a interview with Frank beachum about he feeling today . then I would like you to write it up as a human interest sidebar . do you think you can just do that please ? everett yup . yeah . you bet , bob. right . bob thank you . Everett turn on he heel . Jane let out a long breath . Everett zip back down the aisle . Jane nod at Bob and follow he . at everett' desk - day 28 grubby , cigarette -scarre , litter with papers , chinese takeout container , a picture of he wife and son , a tape recorder . Everett sit in he swivel chair , examine the beachum file on he computer . Jane appear carry file and disk and tape . jane Close one . I do not know what you do to he , but he 's on you case . I figure we be about two second away from a full Bob findley explosion . Everett grin , shake he head , and reach toward he shirt pocket , half - pull out a pack of cigarettes . Jane look at he in alarm . jane what be you , crazy ? you be gonna light up now , after Bob 's big no-smok speech last week ? everett I miss it . jane yeah , that be smart , too . she hand he the file . jane try to be a good boy , all right ? she wink and walk away . ( continued ) 28 29 30 31 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 27 . continued : 28 Everett grab Michelle 's file . the first thing he seize upon be a tape cassette mark " beachum . " he slam it into he recorder and stuff the earphone in he ear . angle on everett' computer screen the beachum file . as Everett listen to Michelle 's tape , he flash to various photo and newspaper clipping on he computer screen . michelle ( v.o. ) beachum case . okay . victim , Amy Wilson , marry , twenty - year - old coed , shot in the chest with a .38 as she stand behind she counter at pocum 's grocery in Richmond . six month pregnant at the time ; both she and the baby die . okay , let 's see . two witness . um-um-um - um -- right . first witness , Nancy Larson . housewife , mother of three . drive she car into the parking lot at pocum 's ... in _everett mind - ext . pocum' parking lot - day 29 nancy larson pull into the parking lot , where she see a dark late - model car with the hood up ; it belong to a smallish , conservatively dress man , dale porterhouse , who be about to enter the store . Nancy pull up to the soda machine , leave the engine running , get out , drop money in the slot , busy a soda , and climb back in she car . she begin to back out but then look in she rearview mirror and screech to a halt . there , in the mirror , we see Frank beachum , run wildly , he face and shirt cover with blood . ( the mirror reveal he only down to he chest . ) at everett' desk - day ( present ) 30 Everett listen to Michelle 's tape . michelle ( v.o . ) -.. Larson could not see whether he have a gun or not . uhhh , no weapon be ever find . oh , but she later pick beachum out of a police line - up , and that be the same line - up , uh , let 's see , where beachum be pick out by Dale porterhouse , c.p.a ... in everett' mind - ext . pocum' parking lot - day 31 the camera pick up porterhouse on he way to the front door of pocum 's . ( continued ) 31 32 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 28 . continued : 31 he 's a bald , pudgy man with a weak chin and a weaker moustache . he open the door . michelle ( v.o. ) he be pass through the neighborhood . car overheate , so he drive into pocum 's to call triple a . int . pocum' grocery - porterhouse's Pov - day 32 he scan the store -- rack of food , food sale poster in the window , and , above the front counter , a tv blaring . but no one , apparently , mind the store . close on porterhouse the door slam behind he . back to scene at the sound of the slamming door , beachum pop up from behind the counter . his face and shirt be bloody , he eye wild . he and porterhouse stare at each other , and then beachum panic and run for it , scamper from behind the counter and straight out a service door on the counter 's leave side . as he go , we can see he from ... porterhouse's Pov beachum 's whole body be in view , and there be clearly a gun in he hand . close on porterhouse shock and frighten , and not certain at first of what he have see . porterhouse's Pov he move toward the counter , and as he do , we begin to discover what be behind it -- the corpse of Amy Wilson , she eye open in horror , a hole in she chest , from which blood be still ooze . porterhouse 's scream fade back into Michelle 's v.o. michelle ( v.o. ) «+ . porterhouse call the cop , pick beachum out of the line - up that same day . record later show that Amy Wilson owed beachum ninety - six dollar for work he would do on she carburetor . note for future essay -- why so few female car mechanic ? 33 29 . at everett' desk - day ( present ) 33 Everett grin , shake he head , and switch off the tape recorder . he distractedly pull he cigarette pack out of he pocket . he stare at the screen . he type , and we see the word : " but didn 't P. hear shot ? " the trends editor , BRIDGET rossiter -- busty and dress to show it off -- be walk by Everett 's desk . BRIDGET want coffee , ev? it 's back in fashion as a late-morn pick - me-up . everett God bless you , Bridget . make it a big one . BRIDGET woman can fetch coffee in the office now because improve job opportunity have give we new confidence . everett Bridge , darling . you think be trends editor be maybe get to you ? BRIDGET do not know . be I a insane person before ? you take it black , right ? everett I do . you be the best . he look up at the clock on the wall . it read : 11:30 . everett ( to himself ) fuck . he pick up the phone , tap in he number , and start lift transcript page out of the beachum file . as we hear the phone ring on the other end , he jerk a cigarette into he mouth . he reach for he lighter and then suddenly look up . at the other end of the hall , Bob be watch he . Everett 's wife , Barbara , answer the phone . barbara ( v.o. hello ? everett it 's I , sweetheart . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 30 . 33 continued : 33 barbara ( v.o. Steve , thank God . where be you ? everett ( a exaggerated sigh ) I be at the paper . they roped I in . barbara ( v.o . oh no . do they call you at the gym ? they try here but I would not tell they where you be . everett I stop off to get something on my way back . get catch . a long pause . Everett pluck the unlit cigarette from he lip and start leaf distractedly through the transcript . barbara ( v.o . you have a good workout , honey ? everett ( smile to himself ) mmm . Hell of a workout . barbara ( v.o . oh , good . anyway , you really do promise kate you would take she to the zoo . everett ( wince ) ah Christ . the zoo . I forget . barbara ( v.o . she 's be talk about it all morning . Everett 's attention have focus on the page in front of he , and we see what it say : dale porterhouse : so I leave the car there and go toward the store . barbara ( v.o. Steve ? do you hear I ? she really be expect you . everett what ? yeah . right . I know . Christ , I feel awful . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 31 . 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 barbara ( v.o. and you work all weekend . she do not see you at all . you know how she love she daddy . everett mm-hmm . Everett be completely absorb in the page in front of he : it read : CA : do you have any idea that a crime be in progress ? dale porterhouse : no , no idea at all . barbara ( v.o. Steve ? I know it 's work , but I really feel it would be a bad idea to let she down like this again . he pull the lighter out of he pocket and light he cigarette . a long drag . across the room , we can see Bob 's face rivete to the spectacle of Everett smoking . Everett snap to attention . everett ( utterly distract ) uh , Barbara ? uh , the thing be : there 's be a accident . remember Michelle Ziegler ? you meet she at Christmas . barbara ( v.o . that college girl who keep follow you around ? everett yeah , well , she run she car into a wall near Dead man 's Curve . barbara ( v.o. oh , no . they really ought to do something about that place . be she hurt ? but Everett be back to the transcript . it read : dale porterhouse : I do not think I would have go in there ... CA : if you have hear shoot . dale porterhouse : no , not if I have hear anything like that . everett no , not if I have hear -- oh. yeah . Dead . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 32 . continued : ( 3 ) 33 barbara ( v.o . that 's awful . what do they want , you to fill in for she ? everett huh ? yeah . she have a ticket for the execution at San quentin tonight . a long pause . Everett notice Bob watch he darkly from across the room . he hunker down in he seat . barbara ( v.o. Steve , do not tell I they could not get someone else for this . I mean , you be work all weekend . everett ( read ) yes ! finally ! we see what he be read : CA : when you be in you car , you do not hear any gunshot ? any scream ? dale porterhouse : no . no , but I would not have . barbara ( v.o . what ? where be you ? everett honey ? hi. listen . I do not have to be at the prison until four . I can come home now and pick up kate , take she over to the zoo , and then I will bring she back around three , all right ? Bridget appear with the coffee and set it in front of Everett . BRIDGET coffee time ! he nod at she , and hold up a finger . he draw desperately on he cigarette . barbara ( v.o . what about she nap ? she 's suppose to go down for she nap right after lunch . everett her nap . BRIDGET I think you have the day off . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 33 . 33 continued : ( 4 ) 33 Everett put a finger to he lip in a shushing motion . barbara ( v.o . you know how cranky she get without she nap . everett oh. right . well , I will bring she a double espresso when I come . he wink at Bridget . barbara ( v.o. Steve ... everett it be a joke . barbara ( v.o. I be busting a gut . everett look , I will be there in a half hour . twelve thirty at the latest . all right ? barbara ( v.o. why would you have to go in there on you day off ? honey ? be you still try to make up for that Mike vargas thing ? Everett wince -- she 's hit a nerve . he 's about to say something , and then think better of it . everett anyway . twelve thirty , all right ? he hang up . Bridget look at he cigarette . BRIDGET ooh . more and more office worker be insist on they right not to breathe second -hand smoke . everett yeah , well , more and more scumbag do not care . thanks for the coffee . you be a adorable girl . BRIDGET ( wag a finger ) sexual harassment : what be the guideline ? everett who can say ? ( continued ) 33 34 . continued : ( 5 ) 33 BRIDGET I hate my job , ev. everett I know it , kid . but I love watch you do it . she get up and cock she head toward Bob 's office . Bob have stand up and be stare in the direction of Everett and he cigarette . BRIDGET do not look now ... Everett let out a blast of smoke , yank open he desk drawer , and stub out he cigarette in a butt-filled secret ashtray there . meanwhile , he 's read the transcript . Bridget peer over he shoulder . BRIDGET gosh , Mr. reporter . be that what real newspapermen get to read ? everett ( read aloud ) ' Dale porterhouse : I could not have hear any shot , because I have all the window roll up and I have the radio play , and the air conditioning be on . that 's probably why the car overheate . " Close quote . so that settles that , right , Bridge ? another hunch down the drain . BRIDGET my condolence . everett no great loss . he glance up at the clock . 11:45 . everett fuck . ' bye , Bridget . if anybody ask , I will be at the zoo . BRIDGET ( indicate the newsroom ) I , too . Everett grin at she and race out of the office . 34 35 35 . int . bathroom ( san quentin ) - day 34 the reverend stanley B. shillerman gaze into a mirror and adjust he hair . he have great hair , and right now he comb be make the most of it . when he 's satisfied , he release a small , humorless smile . the one that make the man trust he so . the one all the pro have -- schuller , fallwell , all the pro . close on envelope 35 a hand insert a neatly fold note and seal the envelope . the hand - lettere address read : " for my darling gail , when she be 18 year old . " int . deathwatch cell - wider angle - day Frank beachum stuff the envelope under he and sit on it . reverend shillerman good morning , Frank . shillerman stand at the cage , he voice soggy with compassion . reverend shillerman I think maybe ... you know , if there 's anything I can do , anything you would like to talk to I about -- I want you to know I be here , I be available . Frank slowly reach for a cigarette . reverend shillerman I understand you be a bible-read man , Frank . that 's right , be not it ? shillerman 's walkie talkie , strapped to he belt , erupt in a fit of squawking . he turn it down , but not off . it continue to emit static and distant voice . Frank light he cigarette and draw deeply . shillerman sit down in a metal chair and slide it next to the cage , lean forward to encourage intimacy . reverend shillerman but you know , Frank , just read the Bible -- that be not quite enough , be it ? a man can not go to he Maker with the sin of he soul unrepent of . with the hurt he 's do folk just ... you know , unrepent of . Frank slide he chair around so he back be to shillerman . ( continued ) 36 . 35 continued : 35 reverend shillerman there 's a lot of folk out there who would feel a whole lot better to hear that you be remorseful for the pain you cause they . you could do a lot of good with that word , Frank . ( beat ) Frank ? beachum I do not get anything to tell you . reverend shillerman Frank ... beachum reverend shillerman , I want you to leave . I get my own pastor come later . reverend shillerman now ... son . Son , I do not need to tell you that there be gonna come a time , and I be afraid that time be not far off . beachum reedy ! reverend shillerman ..+. when you may wish you would make a different decision . but it will be too late . there 's no sense mincing word ... beachum reedy ! reedy get up from he chair . reedy what can I get you , Frank ? shillerman shut up and rise . beachum rise , too , and meet shilerman 's eye . beachum you can get this goddamn son-of - a - bitch out of here . call himself a man of God ... he lift he cigarette , he hand tremble so that the ash fall off . reedy take shillerman 's arm . reedy reverend shillerman ... ( continued ) 35 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 35 beachum ( mutter ) reverend Shit-For-Brains . shillerman 's smile freeze and he eye go red . he keep talk to beachum as reedy pull he away . reverend shillerman now , Frank , I myself would not want to be strapped to that table tonight with the wrong I have do unrepent of ... reedy reverend , come on ... reverend shillerman because when they stick that needle in you arm , Frank ... reedy Jesus , reverend , come on . spiritual counseling 's voluntary . reverend shillerman ... and you feel you blood run to ice ... reedy reverend ! that 's enough . beachum get he out of here . reverend shillerman I be sorry for you , Frank . beachum I be sorry , too . believe I . reedy reverend , I mean it . we do not want no trouble here . reverend shillerman all right , all right . I just feel , it may be upsetting , but I have a job to do here , and I , I just feel ... shillerman back into the shadow . reedy return to he desk . reedy everyone want in on the action . right , Frank ? ( more ) ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 35 reedy ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Frank ? no longer angry , beachum seem to have shrink into himself . in a small voice -- beachum yeah . he pull another cigarette from the pack and look at the clock : 12:01 . he light he cigarette . CUT to : cigarette 36 be light . we pull back to see that it belong to Everett . ext . everett' car - moving - day 37 the car be brown and decrepit . one of its fender be rusted through , a taillight be secure by gaffer 's tape , and two hubcap be miss . it be what be commonly know as a shitbox . nevertheless , Everett be drive it as though it be a lamborghini . he have the window down and be bang on the rusty door as he ( very loudly ) sing along to the radio , which be play " my sharona . " Everett make up most of the word , but he join lustily on the " my sharona part . int . everett' car - moving - day 38 the song end and Everett switch channel . radio ( v.o. ) -+. and that make it time for a Radio 820 news update . well , twelve hour from now , convict killer Frank beachum will be execute by lethal injection . this will be only the third time this method have be use by the State of California since the landmark decision ... everett' face he light a cigarette and listen . ( continued ) 38 39 40 41 42 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 39 . continued : 38 everett' Pov - road a sign announce : Richmond 1 mile . ext . everett' car - moving - day 39 weaving in and out of freeway traffic . int . everett' car - angle on everett - moving - day 40 look at he watch : 12:04 . radio ( v.o. ) .-+. beachum be convict six year ago of the brutal slay of 23 - year - old coed Amy Wilson and she unborn child at pocum 's grocery in Richmond ... everett' Pov - exit sign along the road : Richmond next exit . radio ( v.o . ) ... Wilson , who be marry and six month pregnant , be work as a cashier at the grocery when beachum shot she during a argument over 96 dollar she owed he ... everett' Pov - richmond exit approach on the right . angle on everett the Richmond exit just about to slip by . everett' face suddenly , Everett grab the steering wheel and pull hard to the right . ext . everett' car - moving - day 41 it plow across lane of traffic , head perilously for the Richmond exit . it screech onto the ramp and careen down it . ext . pocum' grocery - parking lot - day 42 the car pull into a space . ( continued ) 42 43 40 . continued : 42 the grocery be a one -story red brick bunker with a dingy awning . to one side of the door , a Coke machine . front window of pocum be just over a line of wither orange and tomato , a hand - lettere sign have be tape : " a Eye for a Eye ! beachum have to die ! " underneath , a drip syringe with a death 's head on the tube . Everett raise he eyebrow . he get out of the car . as he do , he accidentally kick something that have roll from under he seat -- a old ( very old ) cantaloupe . it sploshes to the ground and shudder there for a moment . Everett make a sometimes - I - even-gross - myself - out face , gingerly pick up the rotting cantaloupe , and throw it into the vacant lot next door . as it hit the ground and explode , Everett make a " bomb explode " noise with he mouth . int . pocum' grocery - day 43 the market be a long rectangle with a counter at one end , behind which sit a sullen , bloat woman in a bulg white T-shirt . the grocery rack be perpendicular to the counter , and above the counter a television be blaring . Everett stand for a moment , wiping he cantaloupe- taint hand against he pants . on the tv screen , a reporter be do a stand - up outside the San quentin prison wall , talk about the somber mood there , the tight security , and so forth . Everett stroll toward the counter , look around . counter woman ( to Everett ) help you ? he give she he handsome guy smile , and , as he do , he notice a button on she T-shirt : " remember Amy . " everett I be a reporter . with the tribune . say , this be the place where the Wilson girl be kill , be not it ? counter woman it sure be . she be right behind this same counter . almost six year ago exactly . ( continued ) 43 41 . continued : 43 everett wow . gee. everett' Pov we take in the room with he : the rack of food , the counter where the woman be still yapping at he -- counter woman ( 0.s. ) Mr. pocum say the needle 's too good for he . for beachum . I , I say they oughta bring back the chair , that 's what I say . really let he have a jolt of something . -- the two door ( the front door and , along the same wall , the service entrance to the leave of the counter ) , and the little entryway in the back . back to scene everett what 's back there ? counter woman bathroom . Mr. pocum be always real nice about let folk come in and do they business . Everett nod , and for a moment he be at a loss . everett well , thanks a bunch . I be gonna come back one of this day and do some serious shopping . counter woman be I gonna be in the newspaper ? Everett do not answer . he 's just spot something on the floor to the side of the counter , and now he crouch down for a better look . everett' Pov on the floor , the kind of white outline that might have be leave in the linoleum if a foot rack have once be place there . Everett get up . everett hey , do there use to be something here ? ( continued ) 43 44 45 46 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 43 counter woman oh , yessir , there be . that 's where we use to keep the potato chip . but Mr. pocum move the rack over there -- she indicate the other side of the counter , where customer might line up to pay . counter woman -- so 's it would be what you call a impulse kind of purchase . this part of you story you be write ? Everett pause a moment , look around . everett nope. good point . it 's not part of the story I be write . I be write a human interest sidebar . know what that be ? counter woman I do not think I do . everett I do not think I do , either . hey , thanks . he grin and go out the door , which slam behind he . CUT to : ext . everett' condo - day 44 Everett slam the door of he car as he get out . the car keep coughing and sputter as he glance at he watch : 12:50 . he look up at the small apartment building where he life . there , at the bedroom window , be he wife barbara . she be young , elegant , even beautiful , but she look hurt and surprised , as if someone have just slap she across the face . she have push back a white curtain and be watch Everett approach . they eye meet . she do not smile . she let the curtain fall and disappear . int . apartment build hallway - day 45 Barbara open the door and let Everett in . int . everett' condo - day 46 Everett enter , raise he hand in apology . Barbara do not react . everett sorry . I get hold up . ( continued ) 46 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 43 . continued : 46 he go to she and kiss she . she stiffen , and he kiss catch the right quarter of she compress lip . they eye meet . barbara in the old day , I would have smell the scotch . now I just think you do not give a damn . now it 's Everett who look as though he 's be slap . he take a deep breath and move toward the live room . there , in front of the tv , sit he 4 - year - old daughter , kate . at the sight of she dad , kate turn away from she umpteenth view of cat do not dance , and she chubby face blossom into smile . she climb to she foot and run toward she father . kate be we , be we , be we ... everett ( pick she up ) kate ! my little princess ! kate be we , be we go to , we be go to the hippotamus ! everett do not you want to turn off the tape and put some shoe on ? kate oh , yeah . Barbara have appear in the b.g. barbara shoe be in she room . i'1l get they . she leave . kate reach for the remote and punch the stop button . on the tv screen , the animal disappear , give way to Dale porterhouse , c.p.a . porterhouse ( v.o . ) ( on tv ) '' ++. and the look on that face right before he run ! -- I have never look into eye that be , I do not know , they be empty , like a goat or something . I do not wish anybody dead , but I guess I will feel a little safer with Frank beachum go . ( continued ) 46 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 44 , continued : ( 2 ) 46 Everett be mesmerize . he 's forget all about kate , who be sit on she haunch , watch the tv . now porterhouse disappear and a news anchor come on . news anchor ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) that be Dale porterhouse , a accountant with the firm of smoke , no , I be sorry , that 's Stokes and whitney , Stokes and whitney . Mr. porterhouse be the state 's key witness in the Amy Wilson case six year ago , a case that at one minute after midnight tonight will finally culminate in the execution by lethal injection of Frank beachum . almost as if in a trance , Everett have pick up the telephone and be press button . kate no , no , daddy . no talk on the phone . we go the zoo now . everett ( on the phone ) we will go to the zoo just as soon as you get you shoe ... voice on phone ( v.o. ) information . what city please ? everett oakland . the number for Stokes and whitney . it 's a accounting firm . news anchor ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) «+. we go to wilma Francis , who be talk with murder victim Amy Wilson 's father , Frederick Robertson . wilma ? wilma francis ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) thank you , Tom . I be here with Frederick Robertson , Amy Wilson 's father , and I just want to ask , Mr. Robertson , do you feel justice be finally be do in the case of you daughter 's brutal slay ? Everett , on the phone , try to concentrate on porterhouse 's number , but he 's also glue to the tv and be keep a wary eye on kate as well . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 45 . 46 continued : ( 3 ) 46 tape voice ( v.o. ) the number you request , 555-0791 can be automatically dial by press one , or say ' yes ' at the dial tone for a additional charge of ... seventy - five cent . again , the number you request be 555-0791 . if you need further assistance ... Everett push the button and begin dial . Barbara enter carry kate 's sneaker and sock . kate run to she and reach up !-- she seem upset . meanwhile , the tv blare . barbara ( look hurt ) Steve ! what now ? Everett hold up a finger . the phone be ringing on the other end . on the television , Frederick Robertson , a stolid , impressive man in a cheap suit and tie , be talk . robertson ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) wilma , I do not think there 's any such thing as justice in a case like this . Barbara shake she head , go to a cushion chair by the window , and hoist kate into she lap , where she put she sock on , all the while glaring at Everett . robertson ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) if you have not go through it I do not think you can understand what happen to a family when a child be take from you in this terrible way ... everett ( to Barbara ) it 's just a hunch . you know the way I get . it 's ! -- I have just gotta find out this one thing , and then !-- telephone voice ( v.o. ) Stokes and whitney . everett yes , be Dale porterhouse there , please ? telephone voice ( v.o. ) I be sorry . Mr. porterhouse be at lunch . ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 46 . 46 continued : ( 4 ) 46 robertson ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) for six year now , we whole life have be screw up by this , this anger and rage . and nothing 's go to end that rage except the death of that monster who kill my daughter and my unborn grandchild . nothing . kate I get my shoe on now , daddy ! now we can go to the zoo ! kate leap off she mother 's lap and run to Everett , clutching at she father 's pants leg . Everett , ever more distract , pat she on the head . Barbara glare . the tv blare . everett could I leave a message ? this be Steve Everett . I be a reporter for the oakland tribune . could you ask Mr. porterhouse if he could call I as soon as he possibly can ? it 's in connection with the beachum case . kate do not talk on the phone , daddy . do not talk on the phone . telephone voice ( v.o. ) I will let he know as soon as he come in . everett I will give you my beeper number . barbara Steve ! please ! do not take you beeper ! kate do not talk on the phone . wilma francis ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) but should the state sanction a murder just to satisfy you rage , Mr. Robertson ? everett it 's area code 510-555-1439 . telephone voice ( v.o. ) I will make sure he get that . ( continued ) 46 47 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 47 . continued : ( 5 ) 46 everett thank you . robertson ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) my daughter be shot in cold blood for no reason . for ninety - six dollar , and he take she ring and a locket I give she for she sixteenth birthday . that be not aman who do that . that be not a human be . that be someone who do not deserve the same rights as a human be . Everett put aside the phone and hoist kate up in he arm . kate be we go now ? everett yup ! here we go ! Zoo time ! just gotta get something from the bedroom , come on , we be go . barbara you be not . Everett head for the bedroom with kate in he arm ; he call back to Barbara as he walk . everett I just have to ask this guy one question . it 's just a hunch . no big deal . int . bedroom - day 47 Everett rifle the drawer for he beeper . in he arm , kate keep whapping he on the head as if it be a drum . kate daddy . daddy . daddy . daddy . everett ( distractedly ) that 's right . yep . okay , here it be . he find the beeper in a bedside table and hook it to he belt . kate what 's that , daddy ? ( continued ) 47 48 49 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 48 . continued : 47 everett that 's daddy 's beeper . it go beep , beep beep ! -- you will hear it . they go back into the live room . int . live room - day 48 kate keep whapping Everett 's head . kate beep beep beep . they head for the front door . Barbara watch , she arm cross beneath she breast . on the tv , wilma Francis be talk . wilma francis ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) strong word and strong emotion from murder victim dad Frederick Robertson . stay with we for a different point of view . after a break we will be talk to someone who think capital punishment be never the solution , no matter how violent and brutal the crime . after the break . kate ( wave to Barbara ) ' bye , mommy . ' bye ! barbara ' bye , sweetheart . have a great time ! Everett open the door , look back , cock a eyebrow at Barbara . she purse she lip and turn away . Everett and kate go out . everett ( under he breath ) never should have stop at that goddamn grocery . ( to kate ) right , kid ? barbara ( behind he ) you have the car seat ? Everett 's face : oh no , the car seat . he hand kate to Barbara . int . everett' car - parked on STREET 49 Everett struggle to attach a child seat in the back of the car . ( continued ) 49 50 51 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 49 , continued : 49 he be digging for a elusive seat belt , and as he do , he unearth all manner of garbage ! -- old sandwich , a empty johnny Walker pint , newspaper , oil container , greasy rag , a mystery garment , a second johnnie Walker pint , this one contain a few remain drop . Everett glance wistfully at the bottle and toss it on the floor . barbara ( yell to he ) be everything all right ? everett ( yell back ) just about get it . he reach into the seat one more time , pull out a blacken arm , and give up . with a shrug , he grab the solo seat belt strap , loop it around the child seat , and tie a knot . he shake the seat . loose as a goose and clearly a worthless fix . ext . everett' car - parked on STREET 50 Barbara and kate wait on the sidewalk , each clutching the side of a stroller . Everett spring from the car . everett seat 's ready ! ext . zoo - angle on kate face - day 51 kate it go beep beep beep ! the camera pull back to find kate sit in a stroller at the zoo , play with she father 's beeper while Everett talk on a pay phone . Everett be nodd and grin at kate , desperately try to keep she amused while he make he phone call . everett Mr. Dale porterhouse , please . it 's Steve Everett of the tribune . ( to kate ) shh. I be sorry , darlin' . I have to do this . we will get back to the zoo ina sec . kate we go to the zoo . ina sec . porterhouse ( v.o. ) Dale porterhouse . what can I do for you ? ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 50 . 51 continued : 51 everett hi! Steve Everett , from the tribune . I be cover the Frank beachum execution today , and I know you be one of the chief witness . porterhouse ( v.o. ) yes . yes , I be . kate daddy , why do it go beep beep beep ? everett I be wonder if you have some time to talk about the case . ten minute , top . porterhouse ( v.o. ) glad to . but I can not talk now . you want to meet somewhere ? kate daddy , why ? everett that would be great . porterhouse ( v.o. ) what if we meet downstairs , the bread company . you know it ? the restaurant ? everett pine Street . yeah , sure . porterhouse ( v.o. ) say in half a hour ? everett perfect . porterhouse ( v.o. ) see you then . everett ' bye. ( to kate ) okay , sweetheart . it 's time for ! -- speed zoo ! kate speed zoo . everett ready ? Everett take off like a rocket , push the stroller at breakneck speed . true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 51 . 52 ext . monkey cage - day 52 a ) they rip by . everett monkey ! kate monkey ! everett speed zoo ! we go fast ! kate we go fast ! they do not see a thing , but kate 's get a thrill . B ) aviary everett birdy in the sky ! kate birdy ! everett speed zoo ! kate speed zoo ! C ) reptile build they rush past its exterior . everett uh oh ! Big snake ! kate Big snake ! everett what do you say ? kate speed zoo ! D ) pond they fly by . all kate can see be a whirl of visitor stand at the railing . everett look out ! Big ol ' alligator ! ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 52 . 52 continued : 52 kate alligator ! everett and big ol ' hippopotamus ! Big mistake . kate where hippopotamus ? everett speed zoo ! kate ( craning he head back ) where hippopotamus ? everett we go fast ! kate ( scream ) where hippopotamus ?! Everett , still run at full tilt , turn the stroller back toward the zoo 's entrance . one of the wheel nick the curb . stroller flip on its side . kate go sprawling across the pavement . everett horrify , both at kate 's predicament and at himself . he gather kate up in he arm while the child howl . Everett pull a wad of kleenex from he pocket and begin to wipe kate 's scrape forehead and upper arm . meanwhile he be smother the girl with kiss . everett I be so sorry , darlin' . daddy 's fault . ooh , I know it hurt . but you be brave . wow , be you brave ! hey , do not we go fast ? we do speed zoo . you go so fast , so fast ... suddenly he eye well with tear . 53 54 55 56 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 53 . int . apartment build hallway - day 53 Barbara open the door as Everett reach for it . kate be festoon with zoo paraphernalia : zoo cap , T-shirt , badge , sunglass . she 's hold a enormous , drip ice cream cone . she have Band - aids on she forehead and upper arm , and a nice scrape across she cheek . her scream have be reduce to a few pathetic but insistent hiccup . kate 's arm fly out towards she mother . she take she and begin to examine she wound while she whimper in she neck . kate ( muffle ) I want to go , to go ! -- to the zoo . I want the hippopatamus ... everett I gotta tell you . she 's a real trooper . she really !-- barbara what be wrong with you ! he be about to reply , but she close the door in he face . he stand for a moment , with a look on he face that say , " what be wrong with I ? " int . prison corridor - close on shoe 54 -- clacking down the hall . first , a pair of standard - issue , black correctional - officer brogan . follow this , a pair of woman 's open - toe sandal . then , somewhat incongruously , a pair of shiny , black Mary jane and white frilly sock . we also see the hem of a little girl 's Sunday dress . the girl hold a draw in one hand and a box of crayolas , open at one end , in the other . sound of loud boom box , television , and cage , violent men . int . law office - day 55 leesha mitchell , a overworked , black attorney in she late twenty , lean forward into a pile of backlogge brief . leesha ( on phone ) how you hold up ? intercut with : int . death watch - cell - day 56 beachum lean he head against the bar , phone in hand . ( continued ) 54 . 56 continued : 56 beachum okay . leesha like I say , there 's always a chance . but you know , with all the feel about the girl and all ... a associate pop into leesha 's office carry a large birthday cake . he gesture , " where do you want it ? " leesha nod toward and end table . the associate point to he watch and slip out . leesha here 's the thing . you know how the governor 's all tough on crime and so forth . so Mr. berris say maybe if you can tell he about how remorseful you feel ... know what I be say ? beachum dredge up four heavy word . beachum I do not do it . leesha I understand , I understand . I be just tell you . that 's what we be face here , all right ? the door to the deathwatch cell be open . in step CO Atkins , follow by Frank 's wife , bonnie , and they seven - year - old daughter , gail . beachum ( slowly , firmly ) I can not say I be sorry for what I never do . gail break into a excited smile and run to the bar of the cage . bonnie follow , a little unsteadily , hold beachum 's eye with hers , try to smile but start to cry . leesha no. sure . okay . listen . i'11 call back when the appeal come down , all right ? should be soon . we be not go to forget about you -- Frank have already drop the phone , which swing freely from the wall . reedy move to replace it . ( continued ) 56 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 56 gail hi , daddy . I bring you a picture but I be not finish so I have to finish . beachum clutches at he girl through the bar , fight back tear , search for strength . beachum hey , that 's great , sugar . justa minute , they will let you in and I can have I a better look . reedy disengage the electrical lock on the wall . move to the bar , he unlock the mechanical . everybody take a small step back as the bar slide open . gail burst in first , wrapping herself around Frank 's leg . he hold both they head to he and breathes deeply . flashback - beachum mowing he lawn . he stop and breathes deeply . Fresh grass , fresh air . turn , he look toward -- bonnie barbecue . she smile and wave a empty bottle of A-1 sauce . " we be out . " gail in the sandbox , whack the sand with a shovel . back to present - cell beachum ( to bonnie ; indicate gail ) we be not sad about this . we be not afraid . gail daddy , I be go to finish my picture . beachum why do not you work right here while I have I a little talk with you mama . beachum clear the small table for gail . she put she picture down and set up the Crayola box . he kiss she on the head . bonnie come to he and fall into he arm . for a moment , she struggle against the tear , and then she let they surge . Frank hold she , murmure in she ear , fight not to break down . ( continued ) 56 . 56 continued : ( 3 ) 56 beachum come on , girl . come on . I be just go to dreamland , baby , that 's all . gonna set the table for you . gonna be hold two place at the table for you . over this , gail be talk to he , brandish she picture . gail look , it 's green pasture , daddy . see ? this be the blue sky . I make it at the motel . daddy ? it 's not finish yet . beachum ( murmure to bonnie ) we be not sad . we know there 's a place beyond this place , do not we , baby ? bonnie finally pull away and look at he through she tear . bonnie okay , Frank . okay . beachum thing I worry about , thing I worry about most in all this be -- his eye go to gail . she 's go through she crayon , touch each one with the top of she finger , talk to herself . bonnie she love you , Frank . beachum I do not want she ever to think , you know ... bonnie she will not think that . she know you . gail I can not find green , mama . do you have it ? bonnie all the crayon be in the box , baby . gail ( get perturb ) well , I can not find it . ( continued ) 57 . 56 continued : ( 4 ) 56 beachum ( to bonnie ) do not ever let she think it . you make sure now , okay ? bonnie I will make sure , I swear . gail it 's lose ! I can not find it anywhere ! bonnie can you use another color ? gail ( cry now ) I have to have green ! it 's green pasture ! beachum well , let 's look for it , it have to be around here ... bonnie I be sure daddy will not mind what color you use . gail it have to be green ! it have to be green ! it 's green pasture ! bonnie gail , calm down . voice ( 0.s. ) Mrs. beachum -- they turn to find plunkitt face they outside the bar . plunkitt what parking area do you use ? 57 ext . san quentin state prison - parking area - day 57 a prison guard search a area around bonnie 's car . a second guard trace bonnie 's path toward the entrance . his eye be focus on the ground . he tap a grass strip with a litter pole . 58 int . deathwatch cell - day 58 reedy 's phone ring . beachum and bonnie fall silent . ( continued ) 58 59 60 61 62 58 . continued : 58 reedy ( on phone ) just a moment . Frank -- bonnie maybe it 's the appeal . it must be . do not you think ? it 's the , it 's the appeal , the stay . do not you think ? reedy you lawyer again -- he move to hand beachum the phone . beachum lean toward the bar and bring the phone to he ear . int . prison corridor - wide angle 59 two guard slowly walk toward we , they flashlight and eye lock on the baseboard . int . law office - day 60 leesha Frank -- intercut with : int . deathwatch cell 61 beachum yeah . leesha we lose it . I be sorry . beachum 's stomach sink . he clear he throat . beachum okay . int . prison corridor - day 62 one of the guard speak into he walkie-talkie . guard Control , I believe the material have be locate . he hold a Crayola close to he face . 63 64 59 . int . deathwatch cell - close on beachum 63 leesha ( 0.s. ) now , Mr. berris will still be at the governor 's desk late this afternoon , all right ? but we gotta be honest about what 's go on here , know what I be say ? beachum okay . leesha Frank ... I be really sorry , Frank . beachum hand the phone back to reedy . bonnie watch he , wait for a explanation , she wet eye still hopeful . gail bounce a look between the two as if sense a event . bonnie be there ... anything ? beachum no . no , nothing yet . you know this legal thing , baby . take forever . reedy good news , everybody . they have find the crayon . it will be here momentarily . beachum you hear that , sugar ? now you can show I some real pasture . gail ( uplift ) Green pasture ! beachum that 's right , baby . Green pasture ! CUT to : int . bread CO . restaurant - pastoral mural - day 64 a painting of green pasture , in fact , and of wheat be harvest . we be look at the wall mural at the bread company Restaurant , a place where yuppy go to munch lunch . the camera find Steve Everett , who be sit at a table with Dale porterhouse . porterhouse be wear a suit . porterhouse I do think there 's such a thing in this world as good citizenship . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 65 60 . continued : 64 porterhouse ( cont 'd ) and I do think that when a man see a injustice be do , let alone a cold - blooded murder -- everett you be not say you see the murder . porterhouse of course not . I never say that . everett so what exactly do you see ? porterhouse look , I have be all through this a million -- everett sorry . I can not seem to put it all together in my head . porterhouse it 's simple . I come in to use the phone -- my car have overheate . and soon as the door shut behind I , beachum jump up from behind the counter . inside everett' mind - close on beachum 65 we overcrank , and beachum rise from behind the counter , look bloody , look mean . he stare at porterhouse , then run out the door . porterhouse ( v.o. ) he be bloody all over , and he have a gun in he hand . I guess he have be bend over Amy , uh , Mrs. Wilson , and that must have be when he take she ring and necklace . anyway , he get one look at I and run out of the service entrance . close on porterhouse shock and dismay . now he run over to the counter . we hear he breathing . he look behind the counter . porterhouse's Pov behind the counter , Amy Wilson lie dead in a pool of blood . ( continued ) 61 . 65 continued : 65 porterhouse ( v.o . ) my first concern be the girl , so I immediately call 9 - 1 - 1 -- I figure rather than chase a killer with a gun , I would let the police handle it . 66 int . bread company restaurant - day 66 everett and they do . porterhouse and they sure do . as I say , we live by the rule of law in this country , and , uh -- be not you go to take note or record I or something ? usually when I have talk to reporter -- everett oh , I ... have a photographic memory . porterhouse what ? be you kid ? Everett pull a notebook and a bic out of he pocket . everett sorry . not myself today . ate a bad oyster . porterhouse yes . well , my point be simply this ... during he next speech , Everett pretend to be write in he notebook . actually he be draw something . everett can I just , do you mind if I just cut to the chase ? do not you ever have any doubt ? about you testimony ? porterhouse never . why should I ? everett you definitely see Frank beachum 's face . and the gun in he hand . porterhouse obviously , if I would have any doubt , I would have tell the police . ( continued ) 66 67 62 . continued : 66 everett ooh , boy . musta be scary . he be point the gun right at you ? Everett make a gun shape with he finger and point it at porterhouse . porterhouse be a bit take aback . porterhouse no. thank God , no . everett waving it high in the air ? Everett hold he hand over he head , bug he eye , and pretend to wave the gun . porterhouse of course not . he have it down by he side in a very normal way . close on everett everett well , how could you see it over the potato chip ? a pause -- just a split-second . Everett be stare into porterhouse in a way we have not see before : he eye be like laser . he 's not try to spook porterhouse , he 's just look into he , deep into he , search out the truth . porterhouse I do not understand . what potato chip ? I have a very clear view . Everett thrust he notebook in front of porterhouse . on the paper , he have sketch a rudimentary blueprint of the store -- the counter , the two door , and the potato- chip rack that have leave the white outline on the floor . int . pocum' grocery - day 67 the sketch segues into a overhead shot of the store , and the camera glide down to the show what Everett be narrate : everett ( v.o. ) I mean , you come in , right ? you see beachum stand up behind the counter , and you see he run . but between you and the service entrance , well , see , that 's where the potato- chip rack be . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 68 63 . continued : 67 everett ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and it just kind of seem to I you could not have see the gun over that rack , if beachum be not wave it in the air or something . over this speech , we see beachum run out the service door again , but this time the potato- chip rack stand between he and porterhouse : porterhouse can see beachum only from the chest up . plainly , no gun be visible . close on everett ( present ) 68 still stare into porterhouse . the camera pull back to show : int . bread company restaurant - day porterhouse why would I say I see the gun if I do not ? everett you tell I . maybe you feel good talk to the police , the reporter -- maybe you want to give they a little more than you really have . maybe you want to be the man , tell the girl around the coffee machine -- porterhouse ( angry now ) this be absurd ! you think I would jeopardize a man 's life to impress the people in my office ? Everett look at he , and know that he have no real evidence . nothing but that white outline on the floor of pocum 's -- that , and what he see for a nanosecond in porterhouse 's eye . everett I do not know , Mr. porterhouse . we only just meet . porterhouse listen , wise guy . I do a little research on you before I return you call . you be the guy who do the big crusade to get that rapist release last year , that lie what 's - he - name -- ( continued ) 68 69 64 . continued : 68 everett ( ruefully ) you would not be refer to Mike vargas ? porterhouse yeah , you have the fact then , do not you ? except when you threaten he with a d.n.a. test , he confess . I be surprised you do not get fire on the spot , Mr. Everett . everett yeah . I too . Everett take a deep breath and rub he eye . he visibly sag : be this another Mike vargas case ? do he have anything , anything at all , to go on ? everett look , I be sorry . I be out of line . I think there be -- I do not know what I think . porterhouse you be damn right you do not . and if you go to press with some pack of lie and innuendo , believe I !-- my lawyer will sue you and you paper so fast you will not know what hit you . Everett look down at the table . the encounter be clearly over . a waitress approach . waitress May I tell you gentleman about we special today ? CUT to : angle on sandwich 69 wrap in cellophane fly through the air . it plop on a fold table . we pull back to : ext . prison - area adjacent guard tower - day plunkitt and he execution team sit around the table on a catwalk overlook the main yard . below , a few prisoner be milling around , lift weight , smoking in small group . zachary platt be plunkitt 's deputy warden . ( continued ) 65 . 69 continued : 69 platt who get the roast beef ? plunkitt over here . Platt toss a sandwich to plunkitt . Arnold mccardle peek under he rye bread . mccardle seem like there 's more fat and less meat every time I get this here . skycock ai not that the way you order it , Arnold ? hold the meat , leave the fat . plunkitt now , Arnold 's all right . more of he , the better . plunkitt look around the table , proud of he team . plunkitt okay , what do you say we do some work while we feed we face ? you all know that at eighteen hundred hour , the whole procedure staff meet here for a final briefing . and be advise -- reverend shillerman uh , 'scuse I , warden ... plunkitt right . right . the reverend shillerman here ' 1ll be hold a prayer meeting at the end of the briefing which be optional for anyone who want to stay . Atkins turn away and roll he eye . the other suppress guffaw . attendance could be low . plunkitt also , be advise , there 's a change in the sixteen hundred interview thing . the girl have some accident or something and they be replace she with a guy name Steve Everett . atkins damn ! plunkitt now I realize he butt be not quite up to the standard of Michelle 's , but that 's who 's come . everybody clear on that ? 70 71 72 66 . at everett' desk - day Everett sit for a moment , lose in think . he be stare at a photo of beachum and a photo of porterhouse , and he be wrestle with he doubt . finally he smack he fist on the desk , get up , and start walk toward Alan 's office . int . news room - day Bob be stare malevolently as Everett stride toward Alan Mann 's office . as Everett pass Jane , she look up at he and then back down , shaking she head . Inside Alan 's office we can see the editor talk with a very distinguished - look , gray- haire man in a expensive suit . this be henry lowenstein , the newspaper 's owner . Everett knock on Alan 's glass wall , and Alan motion he in . int . alan' office - day Everett enter . Alan and lowenstein rise . lowenstein well , speak of the devil . Alan here tell I I be pay you too much . everett yeah , but you can rest assure that I be frittering it away on booze and girl . lowenstein ( laugh ) hah ! you be a dyed - in- the-wool sonuvabitch , Everett , anyone ever tell you that ? everett only my friend and love one . hey , I do not mean to interrupt . I can come back -- lowenstein I be just leave . seriously -- still sober as a judge , right ? everett you obviously have not party with the sixth circuit court lately . but this time lowenstein really be serious -- he want a answer . ( continued ) 70 71 72 72 67 . continued : everett yes , Mr. lowenstein . still sober as -- a ex-drunk . lowenstein good to see you , Steve . Alan . he nod toward they both and leave . Alan sit down and motion for Everett to do the same . Alan pull a snicker out of he drawer . alan stop fuck Bob 's wife . he do not like it . everett what , do he put it in the company newsletter ? Alan point he snicker at Everett . alan if he come to I and want you ass , I be gonna have to give it to he . then you will just be a hole with no ass around it . Everett pull out a cigarette and light it , hide momentarily behind the flame . Alan bite he snicker , gaze at Everett . alan you know what , ev? you be a fuck womanizer , that 's what . you be fuck up you whole career and you be fuck up you marriage and if you can not keep you goddamn prick in you pants I be not gonna be able to goddamn protect you . how be she ? everett none of you goddamn business . not bad . alan lucky bastard . I always like she . I ever tell you about the assistant d.a. I fall for in New York ? everett no , and if you tell I now , I be go to throw myself across you desk and rip you throat out with my bare hand . ( continued ) 72 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 68 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 alan I will save it for another time . edify story , though . everett I have get a problem . alan oh , the nickel finally drop . Christ , boy , do not you know Bob 's be after you since you get here ? in that quiet , earnest , reasonable way of he . he 's probably glad you fuck Patricia so he have ethical reason to annihilate you . everett great . I live to make he happy . but that 's not my problem . alan you should have fuck my wife . I would have just punch you . everett I do fuck you wife . alan lucky bastard . how be she ? everett Real wildcat . but that 's not my goddamn problem , Alan . alan all right . what 's you goddamn problem ? tell papa . you soulless sack of shit . everett Frank beachum . I think he could be innocent . 73 ext . area adjacent guard tower - day 73 the prison official pass a trash bag around the table . plunkitt after we briefing , reuben and Pat be gonna be check all the phone in the chamber , make sure we get the open line work . skycock do not want the Governor to get a busy signal . ( continued ) 73 74 69 . continued : 73 atkins do not worry , I get call wait put on that phone . mccardle ( giggle ) Jesus , Atkins . plunkitt Arnold , you will make sure the clock in there be synchronize and the one in the press room , too . norm , you have get the strap - down team , okay ? reverend shillerman I , uh , I myself have a personal heart - to - heart with the prisoner myself this morning , and , go by my experience with the man , he will not be any trouble , in my opinion . plunkitt fantasize the hard point of he shoe make contact with shillerman 's ass . just then , a shadow fall across the table . the man look up and go silent . stand quietly above they be the executioner . he nod to the man . they nod back somberly , and we see they face , one by one . atkins hey . skycock Joe . mccardle hiya , Joe . plunkitt Joe . for a moment , nobody say a word . close on snicker bar 74 slide into Alan Mann 's mouth . close on cigarette be puffed by Everett . ( continued ) 74 70 . continued : 74 int . alan' office - continuous action Alan chew mightily . across from he , Everett smoke . they look at each other , two old friend enjoy a mock standoff . alan all right , all right . what have you get on beachum ? Everett lift he cigarette hand as if to speak -- but what , indeed , have he get ? he put the filter to he lip and suck hard . Alan watch he , shaking he head in mock horror . alan oh ... oh , ev. everett no , no , wait ... alan ev , cv , gv ... everett just listen to I a moment ... alan ev. I do not have to listen to you . I be look at you . I be look and I see a reporter who 's about to tell I that he have a hunch . everett Alan , I have do some check up ... alan do you know my opinion of reporter who have hunch ? everett I talk to one of the witness , Alan . he say he see a gun , but I know he do not . alan I can not fart loud enough to express my opinion . everett Alan , even Michelle know this thing stink . there be discrepancy . Alan bring he chair forward sharply . his eye bug . ( continued ) 71 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 alan discrepancy ? do I hear you say there be discrepancy ? after a police investigation ? a trial ? six year of appeal ? you find discrepancy ? what do it take you , half a hour ? everett come on . you know the appeal system . beachum 's first lawyer be probably some twelve - year- old legal Aid guy , and if he do not object to something at the trial , then the appeal guy have nothing to work with , no matter how sharp they be , which of course they be not . alan ev ... everett Alan , for Christ 's sake , they be gonna kill this guy . Everett crush out he cigarette and stare at Alan . Alan stare back . finally , he sigh and grin ruefully . alan all right , all right . you be say you can turn this routine execution piece into some kind of big fight - for-justice story . and that will give I a excuse to stand up for you when Bob ask I to transfer you to the toilet . everett I need this one , Alan . alan you will still lose the wife and kid , you know . she 's gonna find out . everett do not say that . do not even -- I gotta fix that . I be gonna -- alan I do not have to tell you what will happen if you pull another Mike vargas on I , right ? you come up with something , okay , I will run it , but it would better be good . ( continued ) 72 . 74 continued : ( 3 ) 74 everett look , I be drink back then , all right ? you drink , you lose you story nose . my nose be back . I be sure of it . alan I guess we will both find out . everett there 's just one thing . what if I really find something , you know ? we can not just wait for it to run tomorrow . alan ev , I know what you be think . I can hear you little brain tick -- I really can . and let I just remind you : if you go to lowenstein think he will call the governor -- everett the gov will listen to lowenstein . alan -- it better be awfully good . or he not only will not call the governor , he will eat you heart and throw you body to the dog . you will not have to sleep with he wife , pal . he will fire you for free . everett okay , Alan . honest to God , I be gonna ... anyway , thanks alan hey , do not thank I . I do not know whose ass you be try to save here , beachum 's or you own . but if you nose for a story 's go , you be go , too . I be not run this paper to salvage what 's leave of you smarmy little existence . so she be really pretty good , huh ? everett fuck you . alan lucky bastard . Everett laugh , get up , give Alan a look , laugh again . Alan start whistling to himself . Everett leave the office . 75 76 73 . int . CITY room - day 75 Everett make a beeline for the supply room . in the b.g. , we can see Bob watch he , give he the evil eye . Everett look at the clock . angle on clock it read 2:50 . int . supply room - day 76 Everett enter and begin scout for pad . he grab two from a pile and shove they into he back pocket . he take a couple of bic and clip they to the pocket of he shirt . he turn . Bob findley be stand in front of he , smile a mirthless , pity smile . Everett watch he in horror . bob you know , I do not know what to say to you . all day , I have be try to think of what to say to you . everett I really be sorry , bob. really . I be . bob ( a bitter laugh ) you know , I really do not think you be . I actually do not think you be capable of feel sorry . I do not think you be capable of feel anything for other . this hit Everett unexpectedly hard . everett you might be right , Bob ... I ... you might be right . ( beat ) how would you find out , anyway ? bob she tell I . everett she ...? bob Patricia save some of you cigarette butt . Left they in a ashtray by she bed . that be she way of tell I . another blow . for a moment , Everett be stunne . ( continued ) 76 77 74 . continued : 76 everett yeah . I guess that 's all I be to she -- just a way of get you attention . Bob , I do not know if it help anything , but I feel like shit . I really -- feel like shit . bob you be right , Steve . it do not help anything at all . Bob exit , leave Everett in the supply room . int . deathwatch cell - day 77 a uniform female guard slip quietly into the cell and make eye contact with reedy . close on gail drawing a colorful , open landscape , now dominate by pine green . wider angle beachum and gail huddle closely on the cot . beachum this be beautiful , baby . I '11 keep this with I always , all right ? gail can we come back tomorrow ? can we stay at the motel again ? beachum well , tomorrow morning you and mama get to go back home . gail I do not want to go back . I want to stay with you . she begin to whimper and cry . beachum lookit , baby . you be a big girl . you know what 's happen here , do not you ? gail yes ... beachum you know , after today ... after today , you will not be able to see you daddy no more . ( continued ) 77 78 75 . continued : 77 gail suddenly bury she face in he shoulder . he hold she , breathe she in . bonnie turn toward the wall , sobbing . beachum but I will be there , baby . I will . listen to I , okay ? you will always be able to talk to I . all right ? remember , we talk about the baby Jesus ? well , I will be up with him . I will be watch you , and I will wait for you . and any time you need to talk , I will be right there , listen . and -- he stifles a sob . beachum -- and I will miss you so bad , honey . ( beat ) look . I write you a letter ... he reach for it , but gail 's face show she do not understand . beachum you mama will have it for when you need it , later on . so you go on now . I love you , baby . i'1l always love you . beachum gently deliver gail to the female guard . he 's try desperately not to choke up as gail follow the guard meekly for a few step before turn back -- gail why can not you just come home ? you should just kill all this people and come home ! the guard start to pull she away . beachum put a arm over he face -- this be more than he can bear . bonnie hold she face in she hand , sobbing . the door close , but we can still hear she shrill little voice . gail ( 0.s. ) Goodbye , daddy ! Goodbye , daddy ! int . / ext . everett' car - day 78 the car be rocketing along at a rate far beyond its apparent aerodynamic capability . Blue smoke plume from the tailpipe . Inside , Everett be revve up . on the radio , elvis sing '' jailhouse rock . " Everett bang the dashboard and sing along . 79 80 81 82 83 76 . ext . prison - everett' Pov - day 79 it loom over the horizon , a sober hulk of gray stone . ext . outside the prison gate - day 80 Everett 's car pass a grow crowd of protestor and death - penalty advocate campe out at the gate . it 's a macabre tailgate party . Everett glance at the " remember Amy " poster . featuring poster the same photo of Amy Wilson that we have see on tv -- the drab blouse , the gold locket , the mousy brown hair . ext . prison parking area - day 81 the car pull in , coughing blue smoke . it shudder for a moment after Everett turn off the engine . he get out . a very old steak , still in its supermarket package , thud to the ground as he step out . he look at it curiously for a moment -- when do he intend to cook it ? how drunk be he ? -- and then he pick it up . it seem to be ooze . gingerly , Everett toss it in the back seat . he head for the prison . int . stark prison corridor - day 82 thick concrete wall . sound of bar clanking shut . Everett follow Atkins . int . death row - day 83 Everett glance at each pass cell . everett ( to Atkins ) Nice place . remind I never to commit a violent crime . atkins ( deadpan ) they lie , you know . everett what ? atkins the prisoner . that 's what they do . every word they say be a lie . everett everyone lie , pal . I be just here to write it down . 84 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 77 . int . deathwatch cell - angle on reedy - day 84 he type in the chronological : " 16:04 -- reporter arrive for interview . " then he look up at Everett , who be look down at he . reedy you have get fifteen minute , Mr. Everett . by order of warden plunkitt . keep it to fifteen minute . everett' Pov beachum move toward the bar . his face be mark by a profound weariness . he look drain , hollow out , almost spectral . now bonnie rise up behind he and move toward the bar too , she hand clutching beachum 's , the knuckle white . back to scene reedy pull up a chair in front of the cell for Everett . beachum stick he hand through the cell , and Everett shake it . beachum Mr. Everett , I be Frank beachum . have a ... he gesture toward the chair . everett yeah . thanks . Everett sit and pull out he notebook and pen . beachum gently disengage himself from bonnie and lower himself into the chair at the table in front of Everett . bonnie sink back down onto the cot , she eye on Everett . Everett fiddle for a cigarette , jerk one halfway out of the pack , and offer it to beachum . beachum I get ‘em . they light up , and then they smoke for a long , awkward moment . beachum how 's ... that girl ? that other , that Michelle . she have some accident ? everett yeah . car crash . she 's ... she do not make it . ( continued ) 78 . 84 continued : 84 beachum oh , man . I be sorry to hear that . everett yeah . she be ... yeah . thanks . another awkward silence . they smoke . beachum well ... I guess you want to talk to I about how it feel . in here . everett yeah , that 's it . it 's a human interest story . Everett watch the long , sad , tired face push the word out at he through the bar , through the smoke . beachum ( he voice flat ) I be think about that . hey , look what my daughter draw I . my daughter gail . call it ' Green pasture . ' beachum show he the draw . Everett try to look interested . beachum well , only thing I want to say , I want to tell everyone that I believe in Jesus Christ . we Lord and savior . Everett scribbles dutifully on he pad : " b'lieve in jc , Lord + sav ... " beachum and I believe ... I be go to a better place and there 's a better justice there , you know , and ... I will not say I be not afraid ' cause I think ... a loud sob from bonnie , who be sit on the cot . beachum .-». ' cause I think everyone 's afraid of die pretty much . I come to my faith late in life , you know . I do some bad thing when I be young , but that be then , you know . anyway , I know the crooked will be make straight -- that 's what the Bible say , and I believe that . Everett scribbles : " crooked make straight . " ( continued ) 84 79 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 beachum so that 's how I feel about it . he look at Everett , but for some reason Everett can not manage to look back . Everett just keep stare down at he pad . beachum be that all right , Mr. Everett ? Everett can not look at he . he glance over at reedy . reedy you get nine more minute . beachum be that what you want or ... Everett finally look up , blow a stream of smoke in a unsteady breath . he lean forward , force himself to look at this condemn , roiling man live out he last hour -- the pain in that face , and the toil . bonnie look up , watch Everett . everett Mr. beachum ... you do not know I , Mr. beachum , but I '1l tell you , I probably get a screw loose somewhere . to tell you the truth , I do not give a rat 's ass about Jesus Christ . and I do not care about justice , in this life or the next . to be honest , I do not even care about what 's right and wrong . never have . Everett drop he cigarette to the floor and rub it out with he shoe . beachum and bonnie be watch he , mesmerize . Everett tap he nose . everett you know what this be ? beachum be this some kind of joke ? everett it 's no joke , Mr. beachum . it 's my nose . and my nose -- well , to tell you the pitiful truth , it 's my whole goddamn life . when my nose say something stink , I gotta have faith in it , just like you have you faith in Jesus . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 85 continued : 80 . 84 everett ( cont 'd ) when it 's work , I know there 's truth out there somewhere . but if it lead I astray , well , I may as well drive off a cliff ... I really -- I be nothing . the point be , lately I be not a hundred percent positive my nose be work right . so I have to know . do you kill that woman or not ? beachum ( dully , disbely ) what ? what happen , everett dammit ? in that store . the day Amy Wilson be shot . the two man stare at each other . we see that Everett be look right into beachum , the way he look right into porterhouse . beachum I ... go in to buy a bottle of a - 1 sauce . everett and you pay Amy for it at the counter . beachum well , no , I never get it . look , I tell they all this -- close on everett tell it again . int . pocum' grocery - beachum enter through behind the counter , be everett day 85 the main door . to he leave , Amy . beachum hey , Amy . where you keep the steak sauce ? amy hi , Frank . it 's back , you see where the ketchup and relish be ? yeah . beachum ( continued ) 81 . 85 continued : 85 he start to go , but when Amy call to he he approach the counter . amy Frank , you know I be meaning to talk to you . beachum yeah . I bet I know what about . amy I do not get it , Frank . I could pay you thirty now . but I do not get the whole thing . beachum when could you do the whole ninety - six ? amy after I get pay , fifteenth of July . beachum you be not always gonna do I this way , be you ? amy I swear it , Frank . we just have some extra expense , end of the school year and all . beachum it 's cool . July fifteenth . hey , I be just gonna use the bathroom , okay ? amy you know where , right ? beachum nod and head toward the back of the store . the bathroom be in a small entryway , and as beachum head toward it , we hear the front door slam . beachum struggle for a moment with the sticky bathroom door and go in . 86 int . deathwatch cell - day 86 everett so you be not even mad about the money ? beachum well , I want she to understand I do not like do business that way . but she be cool . I like she . ( continued ) 86 87 88 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 82. continued : 86 everett be you carry a gun ? beachum no way , man . everett so then what ? int . pocum' grocery - bathroom - day 87 beachum be stand in the stall ( it 's a one - toilet bathroom ) , hum to himself . we hear muffled voice outside , and at first beachum do not notice they . he finish and flush the toilet . over the sound of the flush , the voice grow louder . beachum can not be sure what he 's hearing . then he hear Amy 's anguish voice !-- amy ( 0.s. ) please ! not that ! -- follow by a gunshot . for a moment , beachum stand paralyze . then he bolt out of the stall , push at the sticky bathroom door , kick it open , run down the small entryway , and emerge into the main body of the store . int . pocum' grocery - beachum' Pov - day 88 the door to the service entrance be slamm . there 's no one else in sight . beachum run toward the counter ; behind it , Amy Wilson be lie on she back , she eye wide , she chest tear open by a bullet , the last breath rattling out of she . outside , very distantly , the sound of a car door be slammed , and then the screech of tire . another angle beachum fall to he knee by Amy 's side , try everything he can think of , make up he own brand of cpr as he go along -- thumping she chest , breathe into she mouth , try to staunch the blood with he hand , call she name . blood soak he shirt , splatter onto he face , run down he finger . Amy look into he eye , terrify , and then she eye go blank . dimly , he hear the front door close . and a voice : porterhouse ( 0.s. ) hey ! anybody here ? ( continued ) 88 89 90 83 . continued : 88 beachum pop up from behind the counter . porterhouse 's jaw drop . porterhouse hey ! what 's go on ? oh my God ! for a moment , he and beachum stare at each other , and then , for another split second , beachum look down at himself , realize how all this must seem , and bolt for the service door . we see clearly that the potato chip rack stand between he and porterhouse . ext . pocum' grocery - beachum' Pov - day 89 he be running out the service door into a small passageway full of garbage can , fire extinguishers , box and crate . out the outer screen door , running -- and wham ! Nancy Larson 's car nearly back into he . another angle beachum look up , and we see Larson 's eye look back , startle , from she rear-view mirror . then beachum run out of the parking lot . int . deathwatch cell - day 90 everett " please , not that . ' beachum ' swhat I hear . Everett pop a cigarette into he mouth , never take he gaze off beachum 's face . everett why would you run ? beachum I should not have . but you know , I 'ma two - time loser , Mr. Everett . and there I be with all that blood and a dead girl right next to I and a white man stare at I like I be -- I just panicked . everett so who shot she , Frank ? bonnie gasp . she be stare at Everett . ( continued ) 84 . 90 continued : 90 beachum I do not know . everett do porterhouse see the gun ? reedy ( threateningly ) you get five minute , over there . beachum I tell you . be not no gun . everett do he see the shooter ? beachum I do not know . how should I know ? everett of course he do not . ' Cause by the time he pull into the parking lot , the shooter be go . that 's why he do not hear the shot , either . reedy Mr. Everett ... beachum I do not know . I do not know when anything happen . everett ' Cause you do not know how long you be down on the floor try to save Amy 's life . bonnie sob , but Everett ignore she . beachum begin to slump and look away , but Everett only grow more intent . in the b.g. , reedy pick up the phone and talk anxiously into it . he never take he eye off Everett . everett so what be it , Frank , a simple robbery ? who else could have be there ? come on , Frank . someone have something against she ? beachum I just do not know . I do not see . everett ( bear down on he ) come on , give I something . ( continued ) 90 85 . continued : 90 beachum ( work up ) I do not know what you want . reedy squeak he chair and stand up . reedy all right , that 's it . bonnie fling herself off the bed and rush toward the bar . bonnie no ! Everett look at she desperate , tear - stain face , but already reedy be grab he , move he forcefully away . bonnie you believe we . do not you ? do you believe we ? everett ( to reedy ) all right , all right . reedy let 's go . upsetting people ... bonnie do. you. believe . we ? beachum do not , bonnie . do not . reedy come on , dammit . for a moment , everything stop . Everett stare at bonnie and bonnie stare back . everett yes . I believe you . for Christ 's sake . bonnie close she eye and begin weep against the bar . reedy pull Everett toward the door . everett all right , dammit . reedy come in here , upsetting people . ( more ) ( continued ) true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 86 . 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 reedy ( cont 'd ) where 's you goddamn heart , man ? do not you think this people have enough ? what do you think this be ? everett all right . sorry . yeah . they be at the door , but now Everett look back . bonnie be stare at he the way you would look at a child who have just do something thoughtless and cruel . bonnie where be you ? dear God , where be you all this time ? reedy start to move Everett out , but Everett resist . everett it be not my story . there be a accident -- it be not suppose to be my story . reedy push Everett out into the hall . 91 int . prison corridor - day 91 as reedy push Everett into the corridor , plunkitt be wait for he . he look quizzically at Everett and hold out he hand . plunkitt ( shaking hand ) Everett . everett warden . good to see you again . plunkitt ( gently ) I will walk you to you car . they walk . plunkitt terrible about Ms. Ziegler . everett yeah . horrible thing . plunkitt you know , she give I to understand that she want to talk to beachum about , you know , he emotion before the execution . ( more ) ( continued ) 87 . 91 continued : 91 plunkitt ( cont 'd ) human interest stuff . ' Cause otherwise , we do most press interview by phone at this point . less risk of upsetting the prisoner . everett yeah . I probably should have prepare better . kind of a last- minute thing . 92 ext . prison parking lot - day 92 plunkitt accompany Everett toward he ( Everett 's ) car . plunkitt you know , people come in here , the press . prisoner tell ‘em thing !-- all kind of heart - wrenching thing . and then the next day , in the paper , we be the one who come off sounding like hard guy . it can get pretty frustrating , be all . everett sure . of course . plunkitt we have to do what the state tell we to do . make it a little tough on we here if we show up in the newspaper as bloody murderer or anything like that . everett right . I understand completely . plunkitt knew you would . ( beat ) you know , this thing go through all kind of trial and appeal before they get to we . it 's no use try to figure out who 's naughty and who 's nice and then come slide down the chimney like a hero -- not on execution day . you be not Santa Claus . no such thing as Santa Claus . they reach the car . plunkitt seem as though he want to say something else , but instead he just stand there . plunkitt well ... ( continued ) 92 93 88 . continued : 92 Everett look at he expectantly , but plunkitt can not find the word . suddenly , Everett 's expression change . everett you be not sure , be you , luther ? plunkitt look at Everett for a long moment , then slap he shoulder . plunkitt you drive safe now . plunkitt turn and walk back toward the prison door . ext . downtown courthouse - day 93 cecilia nussbaum , circuit attorney , come out the formal door and start down a series of long stone step . she 's a small , ugly woman with a big , fleshy beezer stick out of a face that resemble a collection of frown all glue on top of one another . she 's accompany by wally cartwright , a impose black attorney in a concrete- gray suit . Everett bound up to they . everett cecilia ! nussbaum and cartwright look but never break stride . everett wait . this be urgent . nussbaum not a good time , Everett . everett I know you be busy , but -- cartwright cross laterally like a good linebacker . Everett be shove off-course . he stagger a step to the side . nussbaum not now . call my office . everett cecilia , I be tell you -- he reach out to slow she . cartwright poke he in the chest . cartwright look ... Everett knock the finger away . ( continued ) 89 . 93 continued : 93 everett oh , bullshit . you be a fuck circuit attorney , I be a reporter . you wanna hit I or you wanna keep you job ? nussbaum why do not you get in the car , wally ? everett yeah , why do not you get in the car , wally . cartwright waver a moment , and then move toward the car . cartwright ( murmure ) New York asshole . nussbaum what be it , Everett ? everett ( still fume ) all right . Frank beachum . who else be there ? nussbaum be you back on the bottle ? everett when Amy Wilson be kill , who else be there ? porterhouse , Nancy Larson , beachum . and who else ? once again , Everett 's eye have become a laser beam . he be watch cecilia 's eye the way he watch porterhouse 's eye and Frank beachum 's eye . cecilia 's eye be very still . nussbaum what difference do it make ? Everett 's face : he know he 's right . everett he 's the shooter , cecilia . whoever he be , he shot Amy . who be he ? come on . nussbaum Everett , I do not know what kind of cockamamie conspiracy theory you be work on , but this be a solid case . I do not send innocent man to the death House . ( continued ) 93 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 everett I know that , I do . but this time you make a mistake . sitting in the cadillac , cartwright honk the horn . without even look up , nussbaum hold up she index finger . everett beachum be in the bathroom when Amy get shot . he only go to pocum 's to buy a bottle of steak sauce . nussbaum you have always be a gullible sonuvabitch , Everett . read the transcript . a witness see beachum with the gun . everett he do not see the gun . there be potato chip in the way . nussbaum you be tell I he say that . everett no . but I could see it in he face . I could tell . nussbaum 's face change to a mask of leathery disdain . nussbaum you have not get jackshit . everett he do not do it ! how much jackshit do I need ? nussbaum study he for a second and then begin head down the stair toward she car . Everett follow . everett there be someone else , be not there ? nussbaum ( without look back ) a kid . buy a Coke from the machine . he do not even look inside . everett he shot Amy Wilson . ( continued ) 91 . 93 continued : ( 3 ) 93 nussbaum we interview he . we issue a description of he car and he come in of he own free will . his story check out . he do not see a thing . everett he shot she ! you do not get he to say anything because you have already arrest beachum -- you think you have the guy . but the kid be the guy ! nussbaum reach the car . Everett thrust himself between she and the door . everett tell I he name . nussbaum he be nothing to the case . we put he in the same lineup beachum be in . both we witness look right at he and still finger beachum as the killer . she look at Everett triumphantly -- and indeed , for a moment , Everett be shake . but he quickly recover . everett okay , but what do you expect ? you witness do not even get there till the shooter be long go . look , just give I the kid 's name . let I talk to he . nussbaum how be I suppose to remember he name after six year ? he be nothing to the case . everett it 's in you file , you note . somewhere . nussbaum ( open the car door ) call I tomorrow . i'1l see if I can find it . she begin to get into the car , but Everett grab the door , draw it back -- and she with it . Everett be burn with rage . ( continued ) 93 94 92 . continued : ( 4 ) 93 everett if you let it wait till tomorrow , then you better sleep goddamn well tonight . ' Cause after today , I be gonna haunt you , lady . I be gonna hound the live shit out of you . nussbaum let the door go and turn to face Everett . she be not large , but she look utterly terrifying . nussbaum ( too quietly ) I be not wally , Steve . I 'ma lot bigger than wally . and if you threaten I again , there will be little piece of you life all over the gutter . ' Cause I will blow the rest away . Everett stare at she . she shut the door with a heavy thud . wally be about to drive away when nussbaum open the car window . nussbaum one more thing , barfly . just think you oughta know before you latest lose cause confess . anyone ever tell you that beachum volunteer for a lie detector test ? yeah . he flunk , big time . sure , it 's inadmissible -- that 's why you do not read about it in the transcript . still , it kind of capture we interest . why do not you go pour yourself a tall one and think it over ? Everett stare at she . the car speed off . for a moment , Everett crumble . he sit down on the step of the courthouse and put he head in he hand . int . CITY room - day 94 as Everett walk in , he see Bob findley smile at he ! -- a tight , terrible little smile that say : I have you by the ball . Everett go to he desk , turn on he computer , and unwrap a ham sandwich . he let out a long sigh . at the desk next to he , tom donaldson , a plump reporter in he forty , roll he chair over . he hold a glass of scotch . donaldson hey , ev. ( continued ) 94 93 . continued : 94 Everett nod . for a moment he look longingly at the scotch . Donaldson notice . donaldson hey , you want a nip ? Everett 's eye say yes , but then he shake he head . everett no . thanks , Tom , I do not think I better . donaldson sorry , ev. I forget . hey , what 's with you and Bob ? he 's be give you the evil eye all day . everett yeah , and you know what ? it 's work . donaldson no , really -- do something happen at the prison ? some big uproar ? everett tell I something , Tom . why would a guilty man volunteer for a lie detector test ? donaldson happens all the time . perp get cocky , think he can slide one by . course , innocent man flunk them sometimes , too . why ? Bob want you to take one ? everett there 's a cute idea . no , I do not think my guilt 's in any doubt . hey , be Bridget still here ? I be go to try and get she to do some scutwork for I . woman be feel more secure this day , you know . donaldson she go home . but I will get you a cup of coffee if you will give I head . everett cool . could you see if you can track down any of the detective who work the beachum case ? see if anyone ever hear of another witness at the murder scene -- a kid . I just need a name and address . ( continued ) 94 94 . continued : ( 2 ) 94 everett' Pov at the other end of the room , Alan be open he office door to look out . and Bob be stand up from the city desk , ready to join the attack . donaldson you get it . back to scene everett and , Tom . could you get I a cup of coffee ? Donaldson blow he a kiss and walk away . Everett pick up the phone and punch in some number . he give Alan a friendly wave . Alan glance at Bob , who return the glance . Alan go back in he office . Bob sit back down at he desk . voice ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) legal service . everett it 's Steve Everett at the tribune . who can talk to I about beachum . voice all of we . anyone here . everett okay . before beachum go in the store , a kid drive into the parking lot . right ? voice wrong . anyway , there 's nothing like that in the file . everett how do you know ? be not you gonna check ? voice ( laugh ) believe I , Mr. Everett , we all know . everybody here have memorize this file the last two week . there be no other witness . porterhouse , Larson -- that 's it . but a lot of circumstantial on top of that . ( continued ) 94 95 95 . continued : ( 3 ) 94 everett ( sighing ) right . okay . thanks anyway . Everett hang up the phone and look at Donaldson . Donaldson shake he head . everett shit . Alan 's door open again . Alan step out . everett shit . donaldson ( hang up ) that be ben , the whip on the investigation . say it ring a bell , but turn out to be nothing . do not remember any name . everett shit . donaldson and ardsley , who head the investigation , he 's retire . Florida somewhere . everett shit . alan ( from across the room ) Everett ! get in here . everett shit . Everett see Bob rise and head toward Alan 's office . Everett walk across the big room . it 's a long walk . int . alan' office - day 95 Alan wave Everett inside , and Bob come in behind he , smile he tight , satisfied little smile . everett ( to Bob ) well , you do not have to look so happy about it . ( continued ) 95 96 . continued : 95 bob I be not happy . why would you say that ? Alan sit down and rub he forehead . alan I understand you interview at the prison go somewhat beyond the requirement of a human interest sidebar . Everett grab he cigarettes and shoot one into he mouth . everett okay . I color outside the line a little . I do not think plunkitt 's sore . Everett light the cigarette and draw hard on it . bob no , Steve . he just figure you be back on the booze . and by the way , there 's no smoking in this building . alan boy , boy . come on . I can not have this . Everett , say you be sorry . Bob , punch he light out . bob ( look surprised ) this be not a personal matter , Alan . this be a important story . I give Steve very specific instruction on this . the paper make promise to plunkitt ... everett the guy 's innocent ! bob ( roll he eye ) oh. everett ( angrily ) he be ! Bob , it 's not a human interest sidebar . it 's a cruci-fuck - fiction , man ! what do you want I to say to he , how 's the weather up there , Mr. Christ ? Everett pull out he notebook and slap it on the desk . ( continued ) 97 . 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 everett look , I get all that personal crap you want . he believe in God . he 's go straight to heaven . he 's happy as a pig in shit , all right ? he can not wait to be juice . you can use that in the sidebar . bob ( more in sorrow than anger ) that 's not the point . everett you bet it 's not the point . alan well , look . we will take Everett off the execution and put harvey on it instead . bob Fine . but that 's still not the point . alan yeah , well , we all know what the point be . bob ( very deliberately ) the only point be that I can not work with you anymore , Steve . maybe you be a good reporter . everyone say so . but there be other good reporter and they do not have you attitude and they follow instruction . I can not work with you . Alan let out a low moan . Everett smoke , study the floor . Bob gaze at he righteously . then Everett explode . everett why do not you just hit I , Bob ? I deserve it . I will fall down . I will bleed . you will love it . it will be great . punch I out , man . ( beat ) then you can go home and hit you wife , too . she like it . Bob 's head go back a little , but he retain he icy calm . ( continued ) 98 . 95 continued : ( 3 ) 95 bob I guess we can not all live in the world of you imagination , Steve . I be not go to hit anybody , no matter what they want . if Patricia need some other kind of relationship , she will have to go find that . but my marriage be none of you business . what matter be that you be a thoughtless , mentally unbalance man , and I can not work with you anymore . Alan moan again , cover he eye with he hand . suddenly , Everett realize that he 's lose he job . he turn to Alan . everett Alan , listen . I have get the shooter . alan ( lowering he hand ) you what ? bob I do not think we should confuse two separate issue . everett I get the guy who shot Amy Wilson . bob look , even if he know who shot Kennedy ! -- alan shut up , Bob . how have you get he ? everett I know who he be . alan all right . who be he ? everett he 's ... he 's a guy . a guy who be there . Alan pinch the bridge of he nose and close he eye . alan you be tell I the shooter be a guy who be there ? good work , Steve . should I hold the front page or do you wanna get two unnamed source on it ? ( continued ) 99 . 95 continued : ( 4 ) 95 everett I be tell you . the c.a. , nussbaum , have he name . she just will not give it to I . alan what about the defense ? everett I check . it 's not in they file . bob this be ridiculous . alan the cop ? everett do not remember . or they be sit on it . bob have you try the yellow page ? under ss ? Everett angrily stub out he cigarette and turn toward the window . Bob move toward the desk , a mournful look on he face . bob Alan , I be sorry . I really be . I know this be cause problem for everybody , but I want to be clear about this . I be ready to leave . I love this paper , but I be not go to spend my life in a environment that have become intolerable . Everett watch the traffic . the bus be still roll . people still go about they business . angle on everett inspiration hit . his eye light up . he whirl around . everett you have to give I notice , Alan . alan what ? everett it 's in my contract . you can not just axe I . you have to give I notice . ( continued ) 95 96 97 98 100 . continued : ( 5 ) 95 bob just how much notice do you want , Steve ? Everett look up at the clock . we see it , too : 5:53 . everett six hour and seven minute . san quentin state prison - dusk 96 a large , red sun slip behind a guard tower . int . storage room - adjoining execution chamber — 97 close on red phone with a tape label stick to its base . mccardle pick up the headset . mccardle test red ... testing red ... he replace the receiver and move to a tan phone label '' Communications room . " we notice two other phone , one white ( correction dept. ) and one black ( Governor 's Office ) . mccardle test tan ... we be testing tan ... a worker spray windex on a window face the chamber . we move past he into the chamber , where two member of the strap -down team inspect the gurney . mccardle ( 0.s. ) move to white ... reuben skycock test the injection machine . he work at a metal cabinet that contain three syringe . as he do we : intercut with : ext. / int . everett' car - evening 98 Everett be zoom along , he radio on the news . radio reporter ( v.o . ) .+. the first syringe will deliver five gram of sodium pentothal , and that will basically put he to sleep within a matter of a few second , we be tell . ( more ) ( continued ) 98 99 100 101 102 continued : 101 . 98 radio reporter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then the line will be flushed with twenty ccs of saline solution , and then he will be give fifty ccs of pancuronium bromide . now that be a muscle paralyzer , and he muscle will be paralyze at that point -- he will not be able to breathe . and finally , fifty ccs of potassium chloride , and that will stop he heart . we talk with prison Doctor Roger Waters earlier today . dr . water ( v.0 . ) ( on the radio ) it should be a very pleasant , a very rapid sleep , and then the prisoner will know nothing else after that . int . death chamber - evening 99 over the precede : skycock testing the syringe . we see each syringe as the radio reporter mention it . the camera continue to roam through the prison as we hear everett' radio in v.o . we see : plunkitt 100 confer with Dr. Waters . other prisoner in OPEN area 101 watch tv . thanks , Terry . radio newscaster ( v.o. ) and , as we tell you earlier this afternoon , the governor meet with the murder victim 's father and mother , who urge he not to grant beachum a pardon . Governor 's aide Harry mancuso speak to we after that meeting . mancuso ( v.o. ) this administration be determine to remain as tough on crime as it have always be , and we be determine to see justice do for the family of Amy Wilson and the people of this state . everett' Pov through windshield of car 102 we see a large warehouse - like structure -- the loft building where Michelle Ziegler live . 103 104 105 106 102 . mccardle 103 move on to test the black phone . close on ringing phone 104 it 's in the kitchen of Everett 's condo . Barbara , he wife , go to answer it . barbara hello ... yes , this be ... yes , Steve 's wife . why ? have something happen to he ? close on everett' face 105 wreathed in eerie light . suddenly the light go out . everett ( in a hoarse whisper ) shit ! ext . michelle's loft build - night we pull back to see that Everett be try to pick the lock of the outside door with a credit card . he have just drop he flashlight ; he pick it up again , and it shine for a moment on Michelle Ziegler 's name on the buzzer . Everett monkey with the credit card until he hear a click . only it be not really a click . it 's the SNAP of he credit card break in half . he withdraw it and watch the other piece fall to the ground . his flashlight jiggle on it for a moment . everett shit ! he look guiltily over he shoulder . the street be desert . stealthily , he reach down and pick up a object out of the darkness . a tire iron . he rise . the wooden door have a window top . Everett tap against it gently , stealthily . the whole pane shatter with a resounding crash . Everett look around again , reach in , and turn the inside knob . int . michelle's build - night 106 he enter and hurry through the entryway . glass crunch under he foot . 107 108 109 103 . int . staircase - night 107 Everett go up the step two at a time , panting . we can hear he breath saw in and out of he . Three flight . int . corridor - night 108 Everett reach the top and run down the hall . when he get to Michelle 's door he collapse against the wall , gasp . finally , he will himself away from the wall , stare at the column of stalwart lock on Michelle 's door . somewhat daunt , he nevertheless fit the wedge of the tire iron into the jamb . the door swing slowly open . surprise , Everett stumble in . int . michelle's apartment - night 109 Everett 's flashlight sweep the loft space , revealing box , tape , and stack of paper everywhere . Everett kneel down to examine the content of one box . suddenly , a hand lash forward and grip he arm . voice ( 0.s. ) vulture ! everett Jesus ! voice ( 0.s . ) already the vulture come ! Everett pull away , stagger , hit a desk , and fumble for the lamp switch . he turn it on . in the light , he see a elderly man sit on the edge of Michelle 's huge circular bed . he be slump and droopy , but he be watch Everett like a hawk . man so steal . go ahead . everett Mr. Ziegler ? the man make no reply , but he sigh and slump even further . everett I be not a thief , Mr. Ziegler . I 'ma friend of Michelle 's . a colleague . worked with she at the paper . ( continued ) 104 . 109 continued : 109 mr . ziegler my friend , most of they knock . everett right . sorry. ( beat ) I be sorry about Michelle . I like she a lot . she be a terrific reporter . top - notch . mr . ziegler so you come to give the eulogy ? everett no , I -- she be work on a story . see , there 's a man , a innocent man , and they be go to execute he tonight . and I think there may be something in this papers that could save he life . mr . ziegler something Michelle do ? everett yeah . she be onto something . that 's why I -- mr . ziegler so look . Everett glance at he watch : 6:45 . he start rummage through box . as he do , Mr. Ziegler talk to he ina far-away voice . during the next few exchange , we intercut Everett 's search with Mr. Ziegler 's talk and closeup of what Everett find among Michelle 's box : photo of atrocity , note about other murder trial , picture of chalk outline , a bag of marijuana , etc . Dust rise in the air , and Everett cough as he work . mr . ziegler I have be go through she thing , too . you see this ? he hold up a little plastic horse . Everett look up politely , but he 's get increasingly desperate . mr . ziegler gave it to she when she be nine . she love it . know what she name it ? ( continued ) 105 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 everett ( check he watch ) no. what ? mr . ziegler Mr. id. can you imagine that ? nine year old . Mr. id . oh , she save everything . look at this . I do not know when she do it -- must have be four or five . he hold up a child 's draw . not exactly " Green pasture , " but remarkably similar . Everett take a cursory glance , and then look again . picture a daddy separate from a mommy and small daughter by a vast field . it 's sign , " gail . " everett ( 0.s. ) do you know where you find this ? close on material dumped on the dining table . Everett 's hand feverishly comb through the pile of document , photo , clipping , tape , and note , all pertain to the beachum case . pull back to show Mr. Ziegler be stand now , watch Everett work . Everett do not notice a notebook that he have drop . achingly , rheumatically , Mr. Ziegler bend down and pick it up . mr . ziegler this anything ? everett ( not even look up ) what ? mr . ziegler say , ' Warren russel . seventeen year . 4331 knight Street . interviewed July seventh at own request . ' Everett grab the notebook and read . everett ' buy soda and leave . saw nothing . something fishy here ? ' ( look up ) thank you , Mr. Ziegler . Michelle -- she would have be one of the best . 110 106 . int . deathwatch cell 110 luther plunkitt walk quietly to Frank 's cell . reedy sit behind he and type in the chronological : " 19:04 -- warden plunkitt enter deathwatch cell . " plunkitt lift one hand in a gesture of apology . plunkitt sorry , Frank . we be gonna have to ask Mrs. beachum to leave now . beachum give we a minute , okay ? plunkitt sure . plunkitt retreat , and Frank and bonnie face each other . bonnie oh God . beachum no . no , baby . bonnie I swear I do not know how I be gonna ... beachum I will not get a chance later , you know , to say good - bye . you take care of we little girl , bonnie . bonnie you know I will , baby . beachum hand she the letter he write for gail . beachum and you give she this . do not forget . it 's not much , but it 's the only thing !-- he stop , struggle for composure . bonnie it will be precious to she , Frank . it will be she most precious thing . her tear be fall now . beachum 's voice be tremble . beachum I sure do not mean for this to happen to we , bonnie . I mean to be there for you . ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . 110 continued : 110 beachum ( cont 'd ) I want -- I want to see my little daughter grow up . now you be gonna have to do that for the both of we , bonnie . bonnie we gotta be thankful for the time we have , Frank . it 's just -- it be too short . it be so short , Frank . beachum least we make gail together . we make something beautiful in this world . when you look at she , you gotta remember I , all right ? can you do that ? bonnie oh , Frank , I be so scared . beachum if I can see you , you know ? at the end there , if I can see you face ... bonnie I be gonna be there , Frank . and I will talk to you . every day I will talk to you . beachum you talk to I , baby . I be gonna need to hear you talk to I . crying , she study he face , try to memorize it . beachum bite he lip , but it quiver anyway . finally , bonnie collapse in he arm , and they both break down , sobbing . bonnie oh God , Frank . how do this ever happen to we ? beachum God bless you , bonnie . you give I the only life I have that be worth a damn . God bless you , baby . God bless you . 111 ext . brownstone tenement - night 111 a upstairs window . a elderly black woman , angela russel , poke she head out and look down . mrs . russel who 's there ? ( continued ) 111 112 108 . continued : 111 Everett be stand on the stoop , ringing she bell . behind he , some very young , very tough - look kid be circle he car . everett Steve Everett , mar 'am . I be a reporter with the News . the window slam shut . Everett wait for a moment , wonder , eyeing the nasty - look kid . the door open . Mrs. russel be a powerful - look woman in she fifty . she wear a shapeless floral housedress that end at the shoulder and the knee , and she twist a gold locket that she wear around she neck . suddenly she yell . mrs . russel go home ! Everett be startle . it take he a moment to realize that she be yell at the kid behind he . mrs . russel quit case that man' car . it 's you dinner time . go home . the kid edge away sulkily . Mrs. russel examine Everett . mrs . russel sorry about they kid . everett no , that 's all right . I be just so , I mean I be amaze I could find you here after six year -- mrs . russel you think I mighta move to the suburb ? ( beat ) come on in . she turn and Everett follow she in . int . mrs . russel's apartment - night 112 it be stifling and airless . Mrs. russel open a window . the steady din of traffic fill the room . the room be sparsely furnish -- a rock chair , a tv , a ratty couch , a dresser with picture on it . ( continued ) 109 . 112 continued : 112 everett so you be ... mrs. russel Angela russel . everett and Warren ... mrs. russel my grandson . Everett have catch sight of a picture on Mrs. Russell 's dresser . we see it , too -- a young Mrs. russel with a smile teenager wear a backward baseball cap . everett that Warren ? mrs . russel it be . you wanna tell I why you be here ? everett Mrs. russel , it 's very important that I talk to Warren . I need to see he tonight . mrs . russel be that right ? and what could be so important , if you do not mind my askin ' ? everett there 's a man on death row , and he 's go to be execute tonight . they say he kill this grocery store cashier Amy Wilson six year ago . I think he 's innocent . and I also think you grandson may have ... may know something about it . mrs . russel now why would you think a thing like that ? everett because he be the only other one there . mrs. russel oh ? and how do we know that ? everett because ... the witness do not see anybody else . ( continued ) 110 . 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 mrs . russel so there be witness even though nobody else be there ? now help I out here . I be get confuse . everett all right , yes . there be two witness . a accountant and a housewife . mrs . russel White people . everett yes ... mrs . russel and I will just bet that Amy Wilson be white too , be not she ? everett she be , but I do not think -- mrs . russel you do not think this nice white people would ever kill that nice white girl . but they all look around and , whaddaya know , there be a black boy . everett no , it be not like that . it be !-- Mrs. russel , think back . six year ago . be Warren use drug ? mrs . russel ( as if to a idiot ) yeah . he be use drug . everett do he own a gun -- or do he then ? mrs . russel oh , they all get gun , Mr. Everett . do not you know that ? all that black drug-fiend boy get gun . everett can I just talk to he , Mrs. russel ? do you know where he be ? mrs . russel yes , I do . and no , you can not . everett a innocent man be go to be kill ! ( continued ) 112 113 111 . continued : ( 3 ) 112 mrs . russel well , I see a lot of innocent folk get kill in this part of town . but it 's funny : I be not never see you here before . everett Mrs. russel , I know you think this be a race thing . it 's not a race thing . that innocent man on death row -- he 's black , too . do you know that ? they be go to kill he at midnight . I be just -- I just need to know the fact . mrs . russel only fact I know , Mr. Everett , be that my grandson Warren be in he grave now go on three year . stabbed out there in the park . she wrap she hand around the locket and be suddenly near tear . mrs . russel my Warren be a loving child . and I do not see you come around look for the fact when he be kill . no one come around look for the fact then . ext./ int . everett' car 113 Everett be drive , fumble with he radio , get static . he bang on it angrily -- we can see he 's frustrated and upset , and not principally about the radio . everett ( bang ) loser !... fuck ! he finally find a station that come in clearly . radio newscaster ( 0.s. ) +. and we be tell he be now have the last meal he request earlier -- steak and french fries and budweiser beer . oddly enough , he also request two six - pack of Coke ... everett' Pov through the windshield , we see that he be come up on Dead man 's Curve , the very curve that take Michelle Ziegler 's life . ( continued ) 113 114 115 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 112 . continued : 113 radio newscaster ( v.o. ) «+ . prison authority agree to one six - pack , but refuse he request for a second . and , in case you be just tuning in , we will repeat we top story . convict killer Frank beachum have for the first time confess to he crime ... Everett 's face : thunderstruck . radio newscaster ( v.o . ) ...- however , a source close to the governor 's office say that despite beachum 's expression of remorse for the murder of Amy Wilson and she unborn child six year ago , the execution will proceed as schedule at one minute after midnight tonight . ext . service station - adjacent to dead man' curve - 114 night Everett pull up next to the shattered remain of Michelle 's car . he get out , slam the door , and stride over to the nearby vend machine . he drop in some quarter , and push the Dr. pepper button . the can drop down with a loud thunk . Everett take it out and head back toward he car , but when he reach the ruin of Michelle 's car , he stop , drop the Dr. pepper , and squat down . he rock for a moment in despair , seemingly commune with the hole in the shattered windshield . the camera goe through the hole , into the dark . there , strangely , we see Everett 's little daughter , kate . he be look out at we curiously . he reach up and ... int . kate bedroom - night 115 .-. kate grab Everett 's hand . Everett be now sit by she bedside , gaze at he daughter . kate stroke the hair on she father 's forearm thoughtfully . kate ( happy to see he ) why be you here ? everett ( force a laugh ) where else would I be , silly ? kate where do you go ? everett Wild goose chase , m'dear . ( continued ) 115 116 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 113. continued : kate you ... you go chase ? everett Chasing salvation , sweetie . could not catch it . kate why ? everett it disappear . poof ! he make a magician 's gesture with he hand . kate look at he uncomprehendingly . everett hey . sorry about today at the zoo . but I will make it up to you , okay ? you wanna go this weekend ? we will do slow Zoo . kate and can we see the hippopotamus ? everett oh yeah . I already call he . he 's expect we . kate ( fondly ) my little daddy ... I will go to sleep now . everett good move . he stand and move to the door . for a moment , he watch he daughter lie there . kate turn she head and peek at Everett . see he still there make the girl smile . everett go to sleep , darlin' . he turn out the light and go into the hall outside . for a moment , he pause and lean against the wall with he head bow . int . everett' dine room - night Barbara be sit over a empty cup of coffee , rub the finger of she leave hand with she right . Everett sit down next to she , almost say something , and find he cannot . then he look at what she 's do with she hand . ( continued ) 116 116 114 . continued : 116 Barbara have work off she wedding ring . now she set it on the tabletop , as far from she -- and as close to Everett -- as she can . barbara if that be a bullet , you would be dead . Everett pick up the ring and examine it . the inscription on the inner curve read : " Steve and Barbara . " a long silence . everett so I guess -- what ? Bob call you ? barbara what 's the difference who call I ? Everett shrug . right ; make no difference . barbara it 's over , ev. I know you be go to apologize . I know you will try and do better . honey , it 's too late . everett ( reeling ) wo not this be kind of ... hard on the kid ? barbara good time to think of it , ev. everett look , I can change . can not we just erase all this ? I have have a ridiculous , terrible day -- everything I do be wrong . everything I think be -- barbara ev , it be not just today . everett ( desperate ) yeah , but today be the end of it . today I understand -- look , I know I be easily tempt . I know that . but be that so -- Barbara , I love you . I be fall apart here , and it 's my own goddamn fault . I need you . I want to put the piece back together . Barbara look at he very gently and ruefully . ( continued ) 116 117 115 . continued : ( 2 ) 116 barbara ev , I feel sorry for you . you and you famous nose for a story . you think you can just sniff you way along , you know , from one hunch to another , one woman to another , one drink to another when you be drink . but people be not storey , ev. you can not line up all the fact and think you know something . you hunch be shit , ev. even when they be right , they be shit . everett they be all I have get . barbara well , I hope they do somebody some good one of this day , because they have not do a thing for this marriage . ( beat ) I have pack you stuff . you can take it now or come back for it later . everett Barbara -- barbara get out of here , ev. ( beat ) get out ! he sit for a moment , stare down at the table , press he lip together so they will not tremble . then he put the ring in he shirt pocket , get up , and leave . int . prison corridor - night 117 luther plunkitt burst through a door , he rage suggest by the ferocity of he pace . behind he , reverend shillerman , trot to keep up . reverend shillerman +. of course , you know , from time to time , the governor 's aide will , uh , phone I on matter of concern to the governor himself ... plunkitt attempt to blast through another door , but it 's lock . he smack it and do a U -turn . shillerman follow . ( continued ) 117 118 116 . continued : 117 reverend shillerman ++. now in the course of spiritual counseling and ministration , it 's true that I might have misunderstand something the prisoner might have say to I ... plunkitt pass a small hold area . a guard lean out . guard warden , South wing be look for you . plunkitt push through a exterior door . ext . exercise yard - night 118 plunkitt stride toward the center of the yard . reverend shillerman .-. but if he say to I , meaning the prisoner , say to I ' I be sorry ' and it 's under this extreme condition , then when the governor 's aide call I , expect -- plunkitt whirl to face shillerman . plunkitt shillerman , you know what you have do , do not you ? now I have to call the governor 's office . I have to issue a retraction to the press , tell they there be no confession . beachum have he own pastor come in anyway . so what do you think you be do ? reverend shillerman well , sir , I guess I -- plunkitt you make I look unprofessional , shillerman . not a good thing to do . spiritually speak . plunkitt leave shillerman in the middle of the empty yard . reverend shillerman ( call after he ) if any of the man feel they could use some counseling tonight , I will be here . Long as they need I . I will be here . 119 117 . int . gordon be bar - night 119 it 's the same bar we see Everett in at the beginning of the movie , during he last conversation with Michelle . tonight , Everett be back on the bottle . the bartender , Neil , pour he another . on the tv , a ball game . neil you sure you want to do this , ev? everett do a bear shit ... on goldilocks ? neil I do not know . no one ever ask I that before . everett trouble with have a kid . fuck up you quip . neil so you be seriously roll off the wagon . must have be a rough day . everett lose my wife , my kid , and my fuckin ' job . izzat pretty rough ? neil you lose you car , too ? ' Cause if you be plan on drive -- everett ( already pretty sauce ) hey , Neil . I be the great driver on the continent . neil I see . I be talk to a dead guy . would you leave I you stamp collection ? Everett downs some more and finger the empty pretzel bowl . everett madder music and more munchy , Neil . have not eat hardly all day . Neil replace the pretzel . on the tv , a news report be come on about beachum . Everett light a cigarette , but he can barely get the flame to the tip . Neil look at he . ( continued ) 119 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 118 . continued : 119 neil Jesus Christ , Everett . go the fuck home , will ya ? everett get no home , Neil -o . no fuck home . he reach into he shirt pocket and pull out the ring . Neil walk away to watch the tv report . Everett stare moonily at the ring , examine the inside , and then fumble it . as it spin on the counter , we slightly overcrank . on the tv be the now - familiar picture of Amy Wilson in she drab blouse , wear the locket . everett' Pov the ring on the bar and the locket on tv seem to line up for a moment , gleam together . flashback !- close on mrs . russel twist the small locket around she neck . back to present - close on everett try hard to focus through he alcohol - induce haze . close on frederick robertson Amy 's father , on television . robertson ( v.o. ) .+. for ninety - six dollar , and he take she ring and a locket I give she for she sixteenth birthday ... flashback - everett with mrs . russel everett so you be ... mrs. russel Angela russel . close on locket the florid , engrave initial : " a.r . " back to present - everett his eye on the ring , on the picture on tv , on the picture in he mind . ( continued ) 119 120 119 . continued : ( 2 ) 119 suddenly Everett stand up . he can barely stay on he foot . the look in he eye be wild , desperate . close on Everett . fade out . fade in : in _everett mind - int . pocum' grocery 120 beachum be already on he way to the bathroom , but this time we watch he from the front of the store . beachum you be not always gonna do I this way , be you ? amy I swear , Frank . we just have some extra expense , end of the school year and all . beachum it 's cool . July fifteenth . hey , I be just gonna use the bathroom , okay ? amy you know where , right ? as beachum go into the entryway toward the bathroom , we hear a noise at the front door . we whip - pan to the door , and in come warren russel , look nervous and mean . he scan the room and saunter over to the counter . amy help you ? Warren whip out a small gun and point it at Amy . warren gimme the money . terrify , Amy open the cash register and begin pull out bill . amy do not hurt I , okay ? okay ? just take it . he motion with the gun , and she hand he all the cash from the drawer . ( continued ) 120 121 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 120 . continued : 120 warren that it ? that all you get ? amy I be sorry . it 's fourth of July . we have not be that busy . Warren stare at she , hop up , not ready to go yet . Amy be weep with fright . close on amy locket it glint in the sun . we can see the initial : " a.r . " Warren point the gun at the locket around Amy 's throat . warren gimme that . Quick ! Amy move she hand protectively toward the locket , which be hang on she chest , just below she throat . amy ( cry out ) please ! not that ! in the rear of the store , the toilet flush . Warren look back toward the bathroom , startle . his face : wide -ey . suddenly he shoot Amy in the chest . Amy fall back behind the counter , gurgle . in a flash , Warren be on top of she . he rip the locket from around she neck and pull a ring off she finger . we can hear the bathroom door open . he see the service entrance , jump up and run out . we see he scamper through the service entryway , out the screen door , through the parking lot to he beat - up car . the motor be already running . Warren jump in , toss the locket on the seat beside he , and peel out . we see Warren 's car leave the parking lot and drive . about a block away , a man be mow he lawn and look up at the car . int . / ext . warren be car - through he windshield - day 121 Warren drive . a oncoming car . it be porterhouse . steam be come from he hood , and porterhouse be look desperately at he dashboard indicator . ( continued ) 121 122 123 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 121 . continued : 121 he do not notice Warren . he spot pocum 's and put on he turn signal . close on locket next to Warren . we pull back , and now we be look at the locket on tv . int . gordon be bar - night ( present ) 122 Everett , thunderstruck , drunk out of he mind . he wobble determinedly toward the door . Neil be still watch the tv . tv anchor ( v.o. ) ( to he co -anchor ) and , still on the beachum execution story , you will recall that report we get about a hour ago in which ... Everett have reach the door . he grab the handle and pull it open . the edge smack into he forehead -- hard . it draw blood . everett ow ! shit ! blood seep down he brow and onto he finger . Neil notice he leave and yell after he , but Everett be already go . neil I hope you be not drive , ev! hey , ev! Neil turn he attention back to the tv , and we pan up to it . tv anchor ( v.o. ) ... Frank beachum be say to have confess he crime . well , apparently that report be in error . we be now tell that beachum have not confess and be still schedule to go to he execution just about a hour from now without have express a word of remorse for the kill six year ago of twenty - year - old co -ed Amy Wilson ... int . deathwatch corridor - night 123 four guard head toward beachum 's cell . each carry a plastic riot shield ; rubber truncheon dangle from they belt . the lead guard carry a brown paper bag . 124 125 122 . int . beachum' cell 124 the door snap open . beachum bolt upright , he eye darting between the clock and luther plunkitt . beachum be sit with he own pastor , reverend flowers , who now rise . the lead guard hand the paper bag to plunkitt . plunkitt reverend Flowers , I be just go to ask you to step into another room for a moment , all right ? Flowers nod , nod to beachum , and step away . we can hear reedy in the b.g. , type the chronological . plunkitt now , Frank , this be the change of clothes we talk about . I be gonna ask you now to put this clothes on , include the special underpant that be provide for hygienic reason . this be require , and I have to ask you if you be go to give I any problem with this . beachum passively accept the bag . plunkitt good . now , it would be wise at this point , Frank , if you take the opportunity to use the toilet , for you own comfort . since there might not be a opportunity later on . i'1l wait outside . plunkitt exit . beachum stare at the paper bag in he hand . ext./ int . everett' car - moving - through windshield - 125 night we be work very hard to stay in we lane . with minimal success . everett c'mon , ya motherfuck hunk of tin ! ya shudder pile of roast shit , come on ! everett' Pov the car veer , nearly plow through a crowd , back on course , veer again . over a bridge -- skim the guard rail in a shower of spark . ( continued ) 125 126 127 128 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 123 . continued : 125 kee-runch ! we bash into the rear of a car sit at a red light . the car slam into the car in front of it . sound of shatter headlight and taillight drip to the pavement . angry driver emerge from they car . Everett back up . Everett start to drive away , make a huge arc around they . Everett move into the intersection against the red light . a car enter from across street smashes on its brake . Everett clip the car 's rear fender , leave a nice crater . int . deathwatch cell 126 helpless and childlike , beachum stand in he blue plastic diaper . quickly , he cover they with loose green trousers . ext . prison gate - night 127 Reporters be gather alongside a number of protestor hold a candlelight vigil and a handful of death - penalty supporter . a wilma francis confer with she field producer . they crew eavesdrop . wilma francis so there be two executioner ? what , they each have a button ? field producer they each have a button , but a computer scramble the circuit so nobody know which button actually do the trick . wilma francis can we talk to one of they ? field producer they be keep anonymous . for security reason . wilma francis man , can you imagine ? who be this guy ? close on lethal injection machine 128 the tube lead through the wall , a red button that will activate the plunger , a black button that shut everything down , and another red button to activate the plunger . we pull back to reveal a heavy man stand next to the second red button . ( continued ) 128 129 130 131 124 . continued : 128 he be the second executioner . he scan the room . there be reuben skycock , hover near the machine . Beyond he , stand mccardle , next to the shelf of color phone . there be Dr. Waters and he nurse . the second executioner look down at he watch , then up again . now he spy the man he 's look for : the executioner , the man we have be follow throughout the film . the executioner come to the machine , shake skycock 's hand , nod to the second executioner , and assume he position next to the first red button . ext . angela russel's STREET - night 129 Dark and scary , with the same mean-look kid hang out . suddenly , Everett 's batter car come scream around the corner . the kid take one look and scatter . the car mount the sidewalk , smashes into a garbage can , slip back down into the street and come to a steaming , shudder halt . we hear a distant belch . int . prison visitor be room - night 130 the wall clock read : 11:30 . panning down , we find bonnie beachum sit alone among the plastic table and chair . the loud banging of a metal door open startles she . a prison custodian stick he head in . custodian oh. sorry . the door bang shut . bonnie fold she hand in she skirt . her sink eye stare at nothing . ext . angela russel's house - night 131 Everett lean on the buzzer . he look up . the window be dark . Everett look at he watch : 11:32 . he jam the buzzer again and again , the frustration building in he . then he hit the door , hammer the frame with he already - bloody fist . he kick it . finally he collapse against the door , the wood against the blood on he forehead . he groan , extend he arm along the wood , and then slump , the energy ooze out of he . one last slap . the camera pull back . and then ... Angela russel open the door . she be wear a bathrobe . ( continued ) 131 132 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 125 . continued : 131 mrs . russel I be hope you would come back . I swear it to Jesus . Everett straighten , try to pull himself together . everett Mrs. russel , you and I need to -- mrs . russel we gotta hurry , Mr. Everett . a little stunne , and very drunk , Everett grab Mrs. russel 's arm , and they head toward he car . mrs . russel that Robertson man -- on the t.v. , you know , the girl 's father . I see he . and then I start in remember that night when Warren give I that locket -- everett because it have the same initial !-- mrs . russel her maiden name , and I be remember Warren 's face that night -- oh , I could always read that boy 's face . suddenly Mrs. russel be near tear . mrs . russel oh God , Warren . Warren . he do a real bad thing , Mr. Everett . he be not a bad boy , but I know he do a real bad thing . they get in the car . int . everett' car - night 132 Everett put the key in the ignition , and turn it over . mrs . russel they gonna kill that man in less than half a hour . we can not get to the prison in that time . everett you be right , lady . fasten you seatbelt ! 133 134 135 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 126 . int . corridor to death chamber - beachum' Pov 133 fluorescent light , buz , strobing . the guard lead beachum down the corridor to the death chamber . reverend Flowers stride behind the procession . flowers .+. I will say of the Lord , he be my refuge and my fortress ; my God ; in him will I trust . surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler ... ext./ int . car - moving - night 134 the car be zoom along . Everett 's drive be erratic , to say the least . but he mind be on something else . everett ( half to himself ) the locket be good . the locket be good , but ... mrs . russel there 's this boy sell Warren a gun around that time . everett what ? mrs . russel he 's in jail -- this boy . might talk to they if they give he some time off . Everett turn toward she , and the car veer . everett I could kiss you . mrs . russel watch the damn road ! int . death chamber 135 beachum be watch the strap -down team , a ghostly , empty look on he face . when the gurney be ready , the strap - down team very quickly lift he onto it . he look up at the clock . the man pull the leather strap across he body and fasten they . 136 137 138 127 . ext . CITY street - helicopter shot - night 136 Everett 's car rip recklessly through a intersection , fishtail wildly , almost lose it , recover , and accelerate hard , the engine cranke to its limit . the car spew blue smoke . int . everett' car - moving with abandon - night 137 Everett pass a row of car in the oncoming lane . Mrs. russel push against the dashboard with both hand . mrs . russel you drunk , now be not I right ? everett yes , mar 'am . mrs . russel you a terrible driver , you know that ? a city bus loom ahead . Everett 's car careen wildly to avoid it . everett yes , mar 'am . mrs . russel let I drive . what kind of white man drive a shitbox like this anyway ? suddenly the car be fill with red and white light -- and the sound of siren . close on rear -view mirror a police cruiser be follow they , and we see a second one come skid out of a McDonald 's lot . mrs . russel gun it , mister ! Everett flash she a scary grin . everett we go fast . int . death chamber 138 a nurse snap beachum 's sheet down to he waist . she attaches two pad to he chest and run the wire over the gurney 's side . nurse this be just for the e.k.g . ( continued ) 138 139 128 . continued : 138 she go behind a white screen and return hold a cotton ball and a needle . she push the needle through its wrapper and swab the bend of beachum 's elbow . nurse this '1l be easier if you make a fist . close on plunkitt watch , hope she will find the vein easily . she do . the connect tube run over the wall . she stick two Band - aids over the needle in a X to hold it fast . she tug the sheet back up to beachum 's throat . plunkitt watch beachum 's face . it 's the face of any frighten patient on a gurney , look to a nurse for reassurance . to he chagrin , plunkitt find he right hand tremble against he pants leg . he slip the hand into he pocket and move to a more private corner of the room . he take a deep breath . close on everett' rear -view mirror 139 one of the cruiser zig to the side and overtake Everett . int . / ext . everett' car - moving - night Everett look out the window and see the side of the cruiser edging closer he car . he hear the cop 's loudspeaker . cop ( v.o. ) pull over ! pull over and stop the car ! Everett take he foot off the gas and the car slow at once . mrs . russel well , do not slow down now ! the cruiser move in front of Everett 's car and we see its brake light flare . that 's when Everett haul the steering wheel to the leave and stomp on the gas . Everett 's car shoot forward into the empty pocket leave by the cruiser . Everett speed into the night as the cruiser get go again behind he . mrs . russel you have a real car , we would have lose ‘em . 140 141 142 143 144 129 . int . death chamber - beachum' Pov 140 quiet now , a blurred murmuring of voice . his body still by strap , beachum 's eye dart around the room . they find plunkitt talk softly to a guard ; the sweeping hand of the clock ; the saline solution run into beachum 's arm ; and finally the window behind which the witness will sit . beachum hear the sound of plastic benches scraping behind the blind as they enter the room . be bonnie there ? he peer into the dark . ext . dead man' curve - night 141 it loom in the dark just as we remember it : the same yellow light . we hear approaching siren because -- ext . CITY STREET - night 142 Everett 's car be come at a blind speed , follow by the two wailing police cruiser . int . everett' car - moving - night 143 everett ( yell over engine roar ) Mrs. russel , I have to tell you something . mrs . russel what ? ( yell back ) at ? one of the cruiser begin to pull alongside they . everett ( yell ) I want you to prepare yourself , all right ? I be about to attempt a maneuver ... through the windshield -- Dead man 's Curve , approach very , very fast . ext . dead man' curve - night 144 Everett 's car burn over the straight edge of the boulevard and tear into the curve . Mrs. russel shriek . Everett shriek , too . Everett 's foot come off the gas and hover over the brake . ( continued ) 144 145 130 . continued : 144 the two cruiser shoot past the car into the curve . Everett 's car begin to skid . Everett turn into the skid . the car screech under he . the world go by in a carousel blur . the two cruiser lift into the air as they break across the curb . one slide into the car lot . the other follow and smashes broadside into the first one 's trunk . both car sit , smolder , while the police inside they slowly climb out . Everett straighten the car out and hit the gas . everett they really ought to do something about that place . he look over at Mrs. russel . she stare straight ahead , she jaw drop , she body as rigid as a tree trunk . mrs . russel now that 's some drive . int . lowenstein house - sitting room - night 145 a grandfather clock tick quietly . on the stereo , debussy be " Clair de lune . " a Persian rug , rare book , a dainty escritoire by the window . mrs . lowenstein be bent over she needlework . Mr. lowenstein , the paper 's owner and the governor 's pal , sit in a leather wing chair , write a letter . siren . distant at first , but insistent . lowenstein must be something go on . mrs . lowenstein a fire , maybe . or another accident up on the curve . another sound . a rumbling , clatter sound . Mr. lowenstein glance at the grandfather clock : 11:48 . he stand , pull he bathrobe close over he silk pajamas . he move to the window and peer out toward the street below . he Pov - everett' car its muffler unhinge and drag , pull to a stop ina shower of spark . the hellish metallic banging subside into a hiss . ( continued ) 145 146 131 . continued : 145 Everett rush from the car and help support what appear to be a very shaky black woman . they hurry to the front door . mrs . lowenstein what be it , dear ? lowenstein it 's ... Steve Everett . from the paper . mrs . lowenstein oh ? one of you reporter ? lowenstein mm . a dyed - in-the-wool sonuvabitch . but he 's a goddamn bulldog with a story . int . death chamber 146 the tan phone ring . mccardle pick it up . mccardle mccardle ... yes , sir . he replace the phone and press the intercom button . Zachary Platt , the deputy warden , pick up mccardle 's call . mccardle ( 0.s. ) we have a go . Platt nod to plunkitt . plunkitt look at the clock . Midnight . he remove the fold death warrant from he pocket . Platt pull a cord that raise the blind cover the witness window . witness room Pov - through window the stark white death chamber . the gurney . beachum 's face poke out from beneath the white sheet . plunkitt read from the death warrant . bonnie jerk forward on she bench . beachum crane he neck , desperately search the window for she face . bonnie move to the window . inside death chamber plunkitt ( finish ) +. by the state of California and sentence to death by lethal injection . have you anything to say ? ( continued ) 146 132 . continued : 146 beachum say nothing , but scan the window , which we now see to be one - way glass . he can see only the chamber 's reflection . unseen by beachum , bonnie press she face against the window and mouth the silent word , " I love you . " plunkitt look at the clock . the second hand be sweeping up to 12:01 . mccardle look toward plunkitt . he wait for a signal . the executioner 's hand linger near the red button . he wait . Platt glance at a clock . thirty second past 12:01 . the guard near he lift a eyebrow . mccardle look at plunkitt , then at the clock . it 's sweeping past 12:02 . moving closer on plunkitt . he appear to be freeze . closer into he face and then he eye , still and distant . slowly , he turn toward camera and nod deeply to the mirror . mccardle nod . the executioner nod . both executioner look at each other , ready to coordinate they action . they push the red button . bonnie' face full of anguish and love . beachum' face look desperately for she , mouth the word , " I love you " to the empty glass . widen -- the first syringe , the sodium pentothal , plunging slowly down . the arm tube with the sodium pentothal stream through it . beachum' face he grit he tooth , he eye flutter , he strain to keep they open . suddenly , the black telephone ring . mccardle jump . he snap up the handset . the executioner look at one another . ( continued ) 146 133. continued : ( 2 ) 146 mccardle ( yell out ) yes , sir ... but it 's too late ! Platt be freeze . mccardle be speechless . the executioner stand stunne . suddenly plunkitt be move , look neither right or leave , push through the death chamber like a break - field runner . in a single motion , he rip away the Band - Aid from beachum 's arm and bring the iv tube with it . he throw it to the ground . blood spurt from beachum 's arm . solution spurt from the writhe iv tube on the ground . bonnie' face breathless , speechless , silently scream . behind she , the witness be on they foot . beachum' face eye close , empty , go . plunkitt Doctor ! we gotta save this man 's life ! Dr. Waters be stand in the corner , within eyesight of the lethal injection console . he look at it . the first syringe be completely empty , but the other two be still full . the second plunger begin to go down . dr . water it 's only the pentothal ! nurse ! Dr. Waters , the nurse , mccardle , and two guard converge on beachum 's gurney . Platt reach over and push the black button . the lethal - injection console hiss to a halt . a strange banging sound . it be -- bonnie her eye wide , she mouth open , she arm extend : she be pound on the window with she fist , scream . bonnie Frank ! Frank ! the rhythmic pounding segue into another sound , a rhythmic jingling as we ... dissolve to : 147 148 149 true crime - Rev. 5/11/98 134 . close on jingle bell 147 pull back -- a santa claus be shaking they on the sidewalk outside the Union Station mall . people toss money in he pot . his voice sound vaguely familiar as the camera sweep past . santa claus it 's official . it 's for charity . it 's for kid . int . union station mall - day 148 the place be deck out for Christmas . the camera find Steve Everett enter a toy store . int . toy store - day 149 Bright color , happy music , fuzzy stuff animal . and a unusually bright and attractive counter girl . counter girl hey , ev. kate like that dalmatian ? everett love it . even my ex manage a convincing display of affection . so now I need something even better for Christmas . counter girl sheep dog ? collie ? Saint Bernard ? everett you get a hippopotamus ? the girl grin , go to a shelf , and pick out a strangely familiar - look stuff hippopotamus . counter girl check it out . local designer . base on the one at the zoo . everett beautiful . can a homeless man afford it ? counter girl you be not homeless . everett I be jobless , I be wifeless , and I live in a hotel . unless you want to put I up . counter girl in the first place , everybody say you have a big , fat book contract ... ( continued ) 149 150 135 . continued : 149 everett money 's already spend . counter girl in the second place , everybody say you be about to win the pulitzer Prize or something ... everett everybody 's be real optimistic . counter girl and in the third place , I have a boyfriend . everett aw , that 's nice . he in town for the holiday ? counter girl ( giggle ) Cash or charge , ev? ext . mall sidewalk - day 150 Everett come out of the mall , breathes in the cool air , and light a cigarette . behind he and a few yard away , the Santa Claus be ply he trade . the voice be familiar . santa claus gimme some charity . gimme some charity here on toast . it 's for kid . it 's official . gimme some charity on toast . Everett whirl . it 's the pussy man in a Santa Claus costume , he red-streaked eye peer from under the elf 's cap . everett shit . pussy man Steve ! you get charity ! now you be famous , you be rich and famous , you get charity money on toast . shake he head , Everett pull a ten out of he pocket and give it to he . everett take it , before my wife do . and get out of here . go drink yourself to death . ( continued ) 136 . 150 continued : 150 pussy man a ten ? you get more money than that , Steve . you get money on toast . Everett glare at he . pussy man okay , okay , newspaper man . I be out here two hour ; I be freezing my ass off . I be go home . everett you do not have a home . pussy man hey , I get no wife , I get no elf neither . you wanna be Santa Claus this day , you be on you own . he begin to shuffle away . Everett shake he head . everett I be with you there , buddy . Santa Claus ride alone . just then he hear a child 's voice . voice da-deee ! come on ! he turn . there , in the parking lot , be Frank beachum be pull along by he daughter , gail . bonnie be with he , laugh happily . beachum suddenly stop when he see Everett . gail come on , daddy ! come on now ! beachum stay another moment , give Everett a long look . and Everett look back intently , a bit the way he look into the eye of porterhouse , and beachum , too , that day in the prison . then , slowly , beachum raise he hand , lay he finger against he eyebrow , then lower the finger and point it at Everett in a kind of salute . Everett raise he cigarette and tilt it back at he , and Beach laugh . then gail pull he away , and beachum wrap he arm around bonnie 's shoulder . the three of they go off . Everett smile a deep , satisfied smile . he toss he cigarette into the gutter and walk away . fade out . the end