true detective ep 105 chapter five : '' the secret fate of all life '' written by nic pizzolatto directed by cary fukunaga 5/14/2013 '' 2012 Home box Office , Inc. all rights reserve . no portion of this script may be perform , publish , reproduce , sell or distribute by any mean or quote or publish in any medium , include on any website , without the prior write consent of Home box Office disclosure of this material to unauthorize person be prohibit do not alter any of the restriction previously set forth distribution or disposal of this script copy " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 1. true detective chapter five : ' the secret fate of all life 's title credit . fade in : ext . sulphur , lousiana - day 1 a refinery town build around lake calcasieu ; steel piping , flame exhaust , ugly beneath the tree-fringed sky -- ext . ROADHOUSE - sulphur , LA - day 2 a country ROADHOUSE . gravel lot , no name on bar . above the forest , the oil refinery pump smoke across sky -- Old chevy truck with camper and mudder roll into lot , park . sit a beat as the driver , dewall , study the tavern . he climb out , big , bearded -- enter the bar -- int . ROADHOUSE - day 3 Soft in b.g. , waylon jenning sing ' baker STREET 's from a old jukebox while a beefy bartender clean nozzle . only other inhabitant , rust cohle and ginger at a gouge booth -- dewall enter , nod to bartender , spot cohle and Ginger -- bartender alert as dewall lumber to they -- he sit , stare , cohle still in biker gear -- Ginger 's face beat to shit , break nose , two black eye -- dewall study Ginger -- dewall happen you face ? ginger «+- Pool game the other night . call the wrong dude on cheatin’ . dewall ... huh. ( be cohle ) and what do you want , again ? cohle .-. I be repping some people , look to get the good cook . they have trade you or the ic Brotherhood , however you want it . Coke for crystal . all dewall 's response come after a pause of scrutiny -- " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 2 . dewall why be not I talkin to mile ? cohle I an’ Ginger be ole friend . boosted together . dewall ( to Ginger ) you be not say much . ginger figure I let my man give you detail . dewall watch they a while longer , jukebox throughout -- no answer , cohle shit I get come in , you can step on it five , six time , it 's still kick . just mean you cook a little more . for a lot more profit . not a hint of anything but a reptile intelligence -- dewall ai not get no use for it . or you money . cohle money do not spend ? dewall ... I can see you soul at the edge of you eye . it 's corrosive , like acid . you get a demon , little man . ( rise ) and I do not like you face . it make I want to do thing to it . dewall nod to bartender , who nod back -- dewall ( cont 'd ) you call I again , Ginger , I be settin mile on you ... ( to cohle ) I see you again , I be puttin you down . there 's a shadow on you , son . he walk out . cohle turn to Ginger , piss -- " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 3 . cohle '' call the wrong dude on cheatin 's '' ? you think I be stupid as you ? he 's right , you know ... with only he eye , cohle threaten Ginger 's life -- cohle ( cont 'd ) ... you wanna see my shadow ? int . moving , cohle 's truck - day 4 cohle drive . Ginger not visible , but audible , whining -- cohle juice from the past 24 hour , sweat . he 's on a cb radio -- cohle you get he , marty ? you fuck better , the shit I have -- int . moving , hart 's car - day 5 hart drive , also on cb radio -- down a rural highway , cut away from the refinery , into deep wood -- hart -- I do . I get he . but we be on empty road now . I gotta drop back or he 'il spot the tail ... ahead , dewall 's truck be small in the distance -- no other car . Forest fence the road , distant refinery -- hart ( cont 'd ) where 's Ginger ? cohle ( 0.s. ) wrapped up . tell I you location -- hart South of I - 10 , along the creole nature Trail . go toward carlyss . hurry up , man -- int . moving , cohle 's truck - day 6 cohle hang up the cb . speed , zigging through traffic -- cohle how we do back there , Ginger ? pan as he talk , to extend cab behind front seat -- where Ginger have be duct - tape up in several garbage bag , struggle in vain as cohle 's drive slam he around the cab -- " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 4 . i/e . hart 's car - back road - carlyss , LA - day 7 hart follow at a long distance , on a expose country road -- a slight rise -- and hart lose dewall 's truck -- he can no longer spot the chevy he 's follow -- fuck -- CUT to : ext . back road , forest - day 8 hart stand at he car , park on a dirt shoulder beside some forest as cohle 's truck arrive , park -- he exit -- hart where 's Ginger ? cohle kick back in a ditch . what 's go on ? hart lose he a minute . I have to double - back a few time till I see a turn off -- he nod toward the forest , to a path so thin and grassy it 's almost indistinguishable from the wood -- cohle do you lose he ? hart found he truck . park . CUT to : ext . forest , louisiana - day 9 hart and cohle walk the thin path , badge and gun visible . thick forest surround - — they stop as the trail taper off -- where a rusted cattle - gate fence off a small clearing -- Beyond the cattle - gate sit dewall 's chevy . deep wood surround a wilderness maze -- hart ... we gotta call it in , rust . cohle ... we do not know where they be yet ... just maybe about where they be . I do not wanna flood the wood . how many direction could they run ? ( more ) 10 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 5. cohle ( cont 'd ) Parish ? who say they will not get a tip-off ? hart we be not gonna find they from here . cohle .--- cut sign , man . you ever be hunt ? hart 10 - point buck , year before last . sixty yard . cohle Real hunt . track . not wait to ambush a deer sniff gash bait . hart look to the thick forest , endless possibility for ambush -- he turn back to rust -- hart Jesus , you be a prick . ... we find the place , we come back . call it in . one of we will stay on surveillance . cohle yeah . I can live with that . they look at each other a moment , a acknowledgment , the increase stake of they reliance on one another -- cohle step over the gate , hart follow , until they be swallow -- int . interrogation room - day 10 hart , 52 -- gilbough so you get a tip where ledoux cook . cohle come back ... from wherever he be ... papania .-- you know it be gonna get here , man . just the once ... the way you tell it . hart I tell it the same way I tell it to the shoot board and every cop bar between Houston and Biloxi ... ( more ) 11 12 13 14 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 6 . hart ( cont 'd ) you know why the story 's exactly the same , seventeen year go ? because it only go down the one way . ext . forest , louisiana - day 11 cohle and hart , dirty , move through forest , no clear path be discernible -- cohle lead in a crouch , scan -- hart 2012 ( v.o. ) cohle 's dad teach he bow-hunt . have to track game till you get within maybe thirty yard of it -- cohle spot break stalk -- he indicate the path to hart , continue in that direction -- time CUT : ext . forest , louisiana - day 12 on a monofilament tripwire across a pathless bramble -- cohle follow the line , which lead to a claymore at the base of a tree , cover in leave , ' Front toward enemy ' -- rust carefully lead they over the tripwire , deeper in -- time CUT : ext . forest , louisiana 13 same wilderness , another tripwire cohle spot , another one overhead , cross-hatch to claymore -- they see -- two stick latticework mark the path beyond , small sentinels -- int . interrogation room - day 14 rust cohle , 49 , sip he flask . set it down . he arrange he army of beer - can man , toy -- cohle ...- it 's a really good story . I never get tired of tellin it . legend shit , you know ? papania why you so hot to see the new discovery file , man ? a quick , admonish glance from gilbough to papania - shut up -- back to cohle , who clocked that -- 15 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 7. cohle ...- well , why you so hot to not let I see it ? this be like a consultation , huh ? gilbough .»- you go first . you take I through it , I ’1ll let you see what we get . Long beat , light a cig -- exhales a slow thick plume -- cohle I 'il hold you to that . ext . forest , louisiana - day 15 familiar view of ledoux 's meth shack : track up a hillock to the dim sound - thunk , thunk - reach the top of the rise -- cohle and hart both crest the hillock . sweaty , shirt soak -- they take in the clear , the shack , back to one another -- they draw gun and they begin they descent -- follow , halting , crouching in tall grass for cover -- peer around to study the shack , the shed . stick latticework be arrange around the cabin -- detective speak in whisper -- cohle tripwire back there . clear could be mine ... hart alright . how you wanna do it ? cohle «+- go back . call it in . I x11 wait here . hart give pause by cohle 's obvious calculation -- hart «+- you gonna hold position ? cohle you bet . hart understand that he have no intention of wait -- then , down in the clear , they both see -- dewall exit the cabin , lumber toward the shed near the treeline -- cohle ( cont 'd ) »-- go on now , marty . 16 17 18 19 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 8. hart know he can leave cohle or he can back he up -- hart ..- fuck you . gonna do that without I ... this mean something to cohle -- he motion that he will go first -- cohle ..- Match my footprint . cohle start down the last dozen yard before the treeline break -- hart follow -- int . interrogation room - day 16 rust cohle , 49 -- cohle we be just about to turn back and call in Parish , State , whoever ... I mean , we be ready to just leave the shit be . be not what happen . soon as we would decide to back off -- he clap he hand together - whack ! int . interrogation room - day 17 hart , 52 -- hart -- blam ! bullet cut through , right by rust 's head . we both roll opposite way , into high growth . but we be spot . they get something high velocity . blew apart a tree between we . I mean , it be on -- ext . forest , clearing - day 18 no such conflict . rust lead they out of the treeline , into the clear -- he stay in shadow , study the ground -- cohle 's Pov -- small indentation in the wide lawn , where some dandelion grow ( indicate disturb earth ) : mine -- cohle cross the open ground quickly , zig - zag dandelion patch -- end by crouching beside the cabin , beneath a window -- int . interrogation room - day 19 cohle , 49 , over -dramatic -- 20 21 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 9. cohle under fire -- fern and what not burst around we . later find out they have a AK . with the drum cartridge . cut a swathe right through the forest -- choomchoomchoom . heavy fire -- ext . meth shack , forest - day 20 cohle 's safe against the cabin , beneath the window . move to the other side , out of sight of the shed -- hart 2012 ( v.o. ) blamblamblam . felt they AK round zip by , even with the ringing in my ear -- whif . whif . whif . hart 's follow cohle down . now go a little farther , crouch at the back of the main cabin -- latticework post around , various size , recalling the initial crime scene -- on cohle , peeping up through a crack in a foil - cover window -- nothing . stick he head around the trailer , to the shed -- no movement . sudden creak from the trailer , it shake with footstep , rock as something heavy move inside -- hart indicate the other side of the trailer , a head - nod -- cohle move to that side of the trailer -- hart double - check the shed . no movement -- cohle crouch below another window , near the door -- he peer through and sight in on the interior , aim he pistol -- he signal for hart to enter through front door -- int . trailer / meth shack - forest - day 21 reggie ledoux stand at a sink , rinsing out what look like a old dog dish . tattooe , he wear only a towel wrap around he waist -- the small kitchen filthy , full of dirty dish , chemistry equipment , hot -plate -- a spiral brand on he back -- outside the window , unseen , cohle have ledoux in he sight -- the run water mask the slight squeal of the screen door as -- hart stand in the front door , gun level on the big man 's head -- hart State Police . put you hand on top you head . lace you finger and get on you knee . do it . 22 23 24 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 10 . Reggie consider make a move , maybe grab the rifle near the sink -- cohle whistle to he through the window -- Reggie see this second man with a gun on he -- slowly he raise he hand , lock he finger atop he head -- flat , belligerent stare , as if he 's in control -- hart back out -- hart ( cont 'd ) come on out here now . get down on you knee . ext . meth shack , forest - day 22 Reggie descend trailer step , hart with gun on he . cohle come around from the side , cover he while watch the shed for sign of movement -- Reggie kneel down , stare between the detective -- hart cuff he hand behind he back -- then Reggie look at the latticework stick position around the yard -- they shadow -- ledoux ..- it 's time , be not it ? the black star . a muffle thump sound from the back of the trailer -- cohle and hart exchange glance -- hart gesture that he will look in . cohle move between ledoux and the shed , watch both as -- hart enter the trailer -- int . conference room , police hq - day 23 hart , 35 , testify across a long table to member of the police shoot board , tell the same story as in 2012 -- hart they have spot we before we cross the forest , see ? so all we could do be duck for cover , dig in and try gettin close ... it be chaos . examiner 1 .+- how do you proceed ? hart rust roll off in the high grass . he make a run to the back of the trailer . I be pin behind a tree . ext . meth shack , forest - day 24 cohle hold he gun on ledoux , study he -- 25 26 27 28 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 11 . cohle ... why the antler ? ledoux .-. I see you in my dream . you be a priest , too ... I know what happen next . he nod to the stick latticework surround , they shadow seem to elongate across the ground as cloud pass -- ledoux ( cont 'd ) you be in carcosa now . with I . he see you ... cohle tweak to ' carcosa’ , from Charlie 's speech -- int . trailer / meth shack , forest - day 25 hart move furtively through the trailer , gun draw -- Dark , filthy . he pass a AK with drum barrel , turn corner -- clear room ... turn into hallway -- he reach a door at the end . its outside be pad-lock -- listen -- ext . trailer / meth shack , forest - day 26 cohle watch ledoux as -- the shed door open , dewall exit , carry a bin of chemistry supplies -- he catch the scene -- cohle right there ! do not move ! stay right there and get on you knee ! State police ! int . trailer / meth shack , forest - day 27 hear cohle in b.g. as hart smashes off the outer hinge where the padlock connect -- open door onto a dark room , dark , a smell hit he -- ext . trailer / meth shack , forest - day 28 cohle cover dewall , who stand freeze near the treeline -- ledoux still kneel , cuffed -- ledoux you will do this again . time be a flat circle . cohle what 's that , nietzche ? shut the fuck up . 29 30 31 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 12 . the trailer 's door slam open and hart stomp out , walk directly to ledoux and bang -- execute he with a head - shot -- he stand over the fall body in blind , twitching rage , ledoux 's head smear across the grass -- cohle be shocked , look at marty , ledoux 's body -- cohle swiftly turn back to dewall , who witness -- without know why hart do that , cohle be prepare to back he up . cohle raise he gun , aim for dewall 's head : they have to do they both now - — realizing he intent , dewall drop the supplies and take off run , he big , lope body absurd -- hart watch as -- cohle track dewall easily , about to take a kill - shot , when -- a old bounce betty spring up . ka - boom -- dewall explode -- cohle and hart flat on the ground as dirt and debris rain -- the latticework stick be all still stand . a vantage might suggest a observational quality in they -- int . interrogation room - day 29 hart , 52 -- hart I would come around behind , take out ledoux , and the other ole boy make a run for it . guess he be not think about where they have put they mine . ext . trailer / meth shack , forest - day 30 cohle and hart rise as dust settles -- ledoux 's body between they , cohle look at marty , wtf ? -- cohle think about it -- cohle ( be ledoux ) get that cuff off he before the blood settles . we gotta make this look right . cohle enter the trailer -- int . trailer / meth shack , forest - day 31 cohle walk down the dark hallway , toward the closet with the break padlock -- approach it -- cohle 's face twist in rage -- 32 33 34 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 13 . he see what marty see : they form partially obscure by shadow , two child 's legs be visible , bruise , shackle -- int . interrogation room - day 32 rust cohle , 49 -- cohle Captain America , marty hart , he flank around behind ledoux . and just as he 's turn - bam . clean shot . put he down . his buddy make a run for it . and they cracker - ass security system do the rest . ext . trailer / meth shack , forest - day 33 cohle exit , furious , carry the AK -- hart with ledoux 's body , uncuffed , in shock over what he do -- hart «-. oh fuck ... cohle come on . we have to hurry . see to the kid . do not let they out here till I say so . hart look at he , see he future vanish . never kill a man before ... cohle see this -- cohle ( cont 'd ) what ? him ? fuck that . good for you , marty . cohle move near the body , stand over it as he aim the AK toward the wood -- cohle ( cont 'd ) Nice to see you commit to something . cohle open fire on the wood from where they approach -- int . conference room , police hq - day 34 now cohle , 32 , testify before the shoot board -- cohle -+.- get lucky , all it be . we coulda just as easily be chew to piece by that AK ... 35 36 37 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 14 . ext . trailer / meth shack , forest - day 35 slow motion on cohle fire AK with barrel drum , shoot into the wood -- cohle 1995 ( v.o . ) ...- myself ? in all honesty ? int . conference room , police hq - day 36 back to rust and the shoot board -- cohle I can tell you I have walk away from the experience with a even great respect for the sanctity of human life . glance sideways - ' anybody buy that ? ’-- examiner 2 thank you , detective . and I believe I speak for the board when I commend you on the heroism display by you and detective hart . cohle meekly wave off the compliment , humble -- ext . back road , forest - day 37 where cohle and hart have leave they vehicle park , now with state PD cruiser , light flash , ambulance . medic and patrolmen stand around , a reporter wait as -- on wood -- Martin hart and rust cohle emerge side - by-side , each of they carry a child cover in a ratty blanket -- hart carry a little girl , she eye close , face dirty -- we do not know the gender of cohle 's , because the blanket cover the child 's face -- only see the small foot -- as the medic and patrolmen rush to they aid , a news reporter take a picture -- fade to white . fade in : 38 39 40 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 15 . int . state police hq - day 38 cohle 2012 ( v.o. ) there be the twig sculpture . and lsd they have on hand match the batch in dora Lange . everybody be pretty satisfied we have get we man ... a week later , after the shoot board . hart and cohle enter homicide to applause -- copy everywhere of the lafayette advertiser , front page picture of cohle and hart carry the child . headline : ' hero detective stop killer , save girl ’-- the other detective shake hand with cohle and hart . a victory for the whole team -- cohle 2012 ( v.o. ) Boy have go miss in January . he would be dead less than a day . the girl have not be report yet . come from St. landry . she be catatonic ... int . interrogation room - day 39 cohle , 49 , no pleasure in recalling ' the victory 's now -- cohle I check on she , some year later . in assist live for girl with special need . cohle think on that event , hit the flask -- cohle ( cont 'd ) ... why should I live in history ? I do not want to know anything anymore . this be a world where nothing be solve . somebody once tell I , ' time be a flat circle . 's ...- everything we have ever do or will do , we be gonna do over and over again ... and that little girl and that little boy be gonna be in that room again and again , forever ... int . interrogation room - day 40 Martin hart , 52 -- tire after be pull into this memory , but still in they -- 4l 42 43 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 16 . hart there 's a few news storey about we , you want to find they . I get promote to detective sergeant . rust get a commendation for bravery . basically because I insisted . and , uh ... thing be real good , I guess , for a while . rust even chill out , get more regular ... maggie come around . after a lot of talk . counseling . get in a shootout kinda open she up to forgiveness . or the possibility . int . skate rink - day 41 skating rink . hart skate with macie and audrey -- maggie skate too , leave back by the girl want to both hold they father 's hand -- maggie 's Pov as hart skate through stage - fog and laser - light with the girl , one hold each hand -- int . skate rink / video arcade - day 42 macie eye stuff - toy through the glass wall of a grabbing crane machine -- she watch hart steer the claw , set it ona large stuff toy -- audrey already have a stuff toy and macie watch with anxiety -- the claw raise and lift the toy -- time CUT : int . skate rink - day 43 maggie meet they as they exit , hart carry the toy as the girl skate out the arcade -- maggie go take off you skate . it 's time to go . they both protest and beg for more time -- ' please , please 's -- macie be daddy come home yet ? maggie -.. one more time around . then take they off , okay ? " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 17 . the girl rush to get in they last skate on the rink , leave hart and maggie alone , stuff toy under he arm -- hart thank you . I need this . I think they do , too ... beat , some kind of inner rubicon approach in she -- maggie ... be there other ? hart ... what ? maggie besides she . be there other ? hart no. no. and - listen , that be a different person , maggie . I lose it . just for a little - I be back . I be begging . I will keep begging . I all go to my grave begging . she look he in the eye , poker - face -- look away -- maggie it 's not just the ... affair . you use to be a good man . you use to pay attention ... hart mag , I almost die . I cut the booze . five week now . start do this program , promise keeper - - — maggie «+- you get a long road to climb . hart yes I do . she scrutinize he -- have remove skate , audrey and macie run to they side -- they take they toy from marty , who crouch , kiss they -- audrey be you come home ? hart .-- not tonight . 44 45 46 47 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 18 . he hug they , humble , deferential to maggie -- int . interrogation room - day 44 Martin hart , 52 , remember thing he 's try not to think about -- hart few year . good one ... ext . yard , hart home - day 45 c.1996 , macie chase audrey through the yard . audrey have she sister 's tiara , teasing she -- before macie can catch she , audrey throw the tiara up in a tree , where it hang on a branch -- macie chase she off screen -- stay on little girl 's tiara , hang up on a tree branch -- montage scene with -- int . interrogation room - day 46 hart 's affect , remember he daughter -- almost to self -- hart ... do you know the good year , when you be in ‘em ? or do you just wait for ‘em , till one day you get ass -— cancer and realize the good year come and go ? ... because there 's a feel . you might notice it sometime . a feel like life slip through you finger . like the future be behind you . like it be always behind you ... ( beat ) I clean up , but ... maybe I do not change . not the way I need to ... ...- you remember what I say , the detective 's curse ? ... the solution to my whole life be under my nose . that woman . that girl . and I be watch everything else ... ext . yard , hart home - day 47 on the little girl 's tiara , 2002 , six year later -- never take down , now mold , rotting , branch grow through it -- 48 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 19 . below , macie ( now 13 ) and audrey ( now 16 ) walk from the bus - stop and into they home . not talk , macie texting -- both oblivious to the tiara hang above -- hart 2012 ( v.o. ) see , infidelity be one kind of sin ... but my true failure be inattention ... I understand that now . int . meeting hall / promise keeper - day 48 about eighty men in a multi-purpose hall , all white , middle - age , like a kiwanis meeting -- sign on wall and at front proclaim ' promise keeper ' 99 : toward the millennium 's -- speaker at the front of room with podium -- seat behind the speaker be billy lee tuttle -- Martin hart sit in back row , bored , hold a pk pamphlet which read ' male virility : the Holy Spirit of creation 's -- chuckle at pamphlet ( which present the male sex drive as a aspect of the Holy Spirit which must be feed ) -- to guy beside he -- hart you read this ? guy ( earnest ) yeah . I give one to my wife . speaker as we stand on the cusp of we first decade , we could not be more happy or fortunate to have as special guest speaker one of the spiritual guidepost of we great state . billy Lee tuttle 's ministry have touch generation , and he 's here to talk about we role as Men of Jesus in the 21st century ... applause as billy Lee tuttle rise , take podium -- tuttle I be real pleased to be here speak with you ... muscular , Christian man . I see a Renaissance here before I . Men firm of resolve . firm of heart . firm of hand . a type we do not see enough in this day and age . 49 50 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 20 . amen , nod -- on hart , roll he eye , check he watch -- on the pamphlet in he hand , a draw of a biblical eve , with the caption '' and she was_made to be a companion hurture and serve he " -- he look up and tuttle meet he eye -- tuttle ( cont 'd ) Men with strength to prove righteous in faithless time . ... traditional husband . ... traditional wife . marty rise , walk out of the meeting -- int . interrogation room - day hart , 52 , lose in think -- gilbough ..- how have detective cohle sort of , chill out , like you say ? hart start talk to people , for one . down the line , one of that set-up maggie be so intent on finally hit . a doctor , no less . she and rust have a thing , few year . int . restaurant - night 49 50 on a table at a nice country restaurant , soul food , family - style . hart , maggie , rust and laurie perkin ( 35 ) , pretty , refine -- hart drink water , no booze on the table -- laurie ( be rust ) .-- no , he 's a lot more right than he sound . serotonin . endorphin . cortisol . dopamine . it 's more like a biological computer than we talk about . hart great . now there 's two of you . it 's all genial , relaxed -- hart and maggie be close again -- laurie no , I be not really like he . I like bright color . the Three stooge . 51 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 21. cohle I be into the marx Brothers . and I dig on a good sunrise . laurie but not sunset . maggie really ? cohle no . not really . maggie they be the same thing . cohle it 's really not . maggie Laurie - -? laurie I give he little thing like that . he 's conflict-oriented , so when I deny he small argument , it build up he energy . hart Boy , be you ever a match for this dude . chuckle , but the observation cause a mute disquiet in cohle , as do Laurie grab he wrist affectionately -- he smile -- hart clock the smile 's tension , recognize its familiarity -- a band start apart from the small dance floor , country - waltz -- hart ( cont 'd ) ( to maggie ) come dance with I . maggie rise and he lead she out , cohle and Laurie watch -- cohle glance to Laurie , grin , somehow force -- int . interrogation room - day 51 hart , 52 -- hart look . you know about rust . during that seven year , he probably pull more assist than any detective in the State . ( more ) 52 53 54 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 22. hart ( cont 'd ) it start get around real fast , between city and sheriff 's -- you need a confession , see if State detective cohle 's available . int . interrogation room - day 52 cohle , 49 -- gilbough appeal to vanity , without be obvious -- gilbough you interview technique . sure there 's no secret you could pass along ? a magic question , maybe . cohle look ... everybody know there 's something wrong with they . they just do not know what it be . everybody want confession . everybody 's get a empty space . a absence . now , no matter how they try fill it - maybe you be a juicehead , a gash hound , a fat lady eat every time she feel something - it 's 's the same vacant space . and that be the silence of God . and it do not go away . everybody want a cathartic narrative for it . the guilty especially . and everybody 's guilty ... you know that . int . laurie 's house - night 53 live room of Laurie 's house , as she and cohle sit on the couch , bath in the light of the television -- she 's curl against he side -- cohle drink a beer -- his face be somewhat tense , introverted -- Laurie watch the television , some innocuous reality tv -- cohle look at the top of she hair , the television , the wall -- he seem like a man be slowly , quietly torture by he surroundings -- int . dine area , hart home - night 54 hart sit at table eat with he family . maggie ( 39 ) serve . macie be 13 , bubbly , girly , and audrey , 16 , dress grungy , frown at she food -- wall calendar - 2002 -- hart I be just try to understand , babe ... I mean , what be you go for , here ? what 's the message ? " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 23 . audrey there be no message . it 's just I . hart what 's you ? you clothes ? you hair ? I mean , I look at macie , and -- audrey woman do not have to look like you want they to . hart I agree . I be not talk about ' woman , 's I be talk about my teenage daughter , and I be not tell you what to wear . I be just do my best to understand ... audrey who tell you you have to understand ? why would you ? hart duck it ; know she have he number -- turn to macie as maggie enter , sit -- hart ( to macie ) Mom say you make cheerleader ? macie there be like , ten girl who do not get it . hart they have eighth - grade cheerleader ? maggie same way there 's football player . audrey ( be potato , macie ) why be you take more ? you be just gonna throw they up . macie shut up . why do not you go blow a basketball player , suicide girl ? maggie macie ! -- apologize ! hart -- what the hell do that mean ? " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 24 . look between the girl , who glance at one another , then face down , pick at they food in a shrink , demure way that prohibit he press the matter -- but he be enraged -- hart ( cont 'd ) ( to audrey ) what do that mean ? maggie let it go . dinner 's not the time for you to suddenly get particular . hart I ''m - what ? I be the man of this family . my-my daughter make a comment like that - I be - maggie .»..- you be as dramatic as they . Drop it , marty . hart what 's it mean ? audrey -- why do not you ask she what I mean ? huh ? it mean my sister 's a bitch , that 's all . the girl answer he lead , but the level of emotion and confrontation be too much for marty -- he flip stance -- hart ...- the hell ? Christ , can not we just have dinner ? you mom make we a nice meal , we - we be not suppose to be like this -- no one busy he sentimental platitude , since he action do not embody they -- the girl stay silent -- maggie ...- you have to be the way you want you child to behave . Girls see the exchange , watch -- he do not reply -- everyone pick at they food , silverware against china -- hart ... hear you grade be good . audrey that 's because school 's a joke . 55 56 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 25 . hart ...- terrific . great news . he rise abruptly , take he plate into the live room -- the woman stay at the table -- SOUND of tv turn on -- int . interrogation room - day 55 hart , 52 -- hart rust 's girl , uh , Laurie . she become , like , Chief of something , Lafayette General . I think . gilbough you know what happen there ? between they . hart what always happen between man and woman ... reality . ( beat ) my understanding , from maggie . they want different thing . you have have to ask he . papania .+.- when do you think thing start to , how you put it , change again , with detective cohle ? hart ..- maybe , early on in 2002 . but it be he life . mine be steady . like I say . int . interrogation room - day 56 cohle , 49 -- gilbough listen closely -- cohle year ... '' time be a flat circle . '' you know anything about m-brane theory , detective ? papania roll eye -- gilbough shake he head slowly -- cohle use a beer can to illustrate , trace the can 's surface , beyond it -- 57 58 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/1 cohle ( cont 'd ) it 's like , in this universe , we consciousness have to process time linearly , forward . but outside we spacetime , from what would be a fourth - dimensional perspective , time would not exist . and from that vantage , could we attain it , we have see - - a sudden display of strength : between two hand , cohle crush the can to a flat disc -- cohle ( cont 'd ) we spacetime would look flatten , like a single sculpture , with matter in a superposition of every place it ever occupy . we sentience just cycle through we life like cart on a track . he light a cigarette , idly arrange the beer- can man it 's now four surround one , hold up the flat disc cohle ( cont 'd ) everything outside we dimension , see , that 's eternity . eternity , look down at we . to we , it 's a sphere . to they , it 's a circle . he twist the disc slowly in front he eye -- beat -- gilbough Mr. cohle ... what happen in 2002 ? cohle 's eye lock with he -- int . abbeville PD - day two PD detective and sergeant observe cohle work a suspect through window into a interview room --— int . interview room , abbeville police - day cohle , 39 , pace slowly around guy francis , 42 , a long 3 26 . so that can - — 57 58 , vangy man with a opaque glass eye . cohle hold a thick file on Francis , leaf through the case -- cohle they think you be the drug store robber , Francis . kill two people in Livingston . call you ' the Southern - fry pharmacy firearm fiend . 's " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 27 . francis ..- no , sir . cohle study he -- Francis do not say anything , sweat -- cohle stuff they get now , man . fingerprint . DNA . you would have to be some kinda genius to get around all that . ( lean in ) and you be not no kinda genius , be you ? best play for you , plead impairment . you know what that mean ? means you can not be hold accountable for you action . francis -.- I do not think I should be blame , entirely , I mean . what I do under the influence of anything . cohle I be not say you should be either . shit , man . pcp , one time , famous case . guy cut off he own face . francis ... f’real ? cohle oh yeah . that and meth ? if that be not a insanity defense , I do not know what be . I mean , how they gonna call a man not on anything insane , he do something crazy . but a man 's on something make he crazy , that 's sane ? Works both way . francis ... yeah ... exactly . I mean , I be not even say I remember . I be so shit-hammered ... cohle .-. I have take that play . insanity defense ... but the amnesia thing will not help . see , cause you sober up . ( more ) " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 28. cohle ( cont 'd ) so now , you be in you right mind - best way for you to show the difference between that man and this one , be to show shock . terror and remorse ... this ' I can not remember 's shit . you gotta do better . you gotta let ‘em clear the case , show shame , penitence ... francis .-- I be . I do . I be scared , sir ... cohle hhn . you remember what you tell the pharmacist ? francis .-. " give I everything '' ... cohle there you go . and you be sorry , be not you ? francis yeah . yeah ... I be ill ... cohle you see what you just do ? you just cop to a double murder . they get you now . guy stiffen , think like a trap animal and abruptly make a decision , lean close to cohle , as though in confidence -- francis I wanna deal . I know thing . cohle like what ? francis like , I know who you be . that woman in the wood , way back . the antler . cohle 's eye widen , pique -- cohle that do not mean nothing . that be in the papers . you be not get shit . 59 60 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 29 . francis «+- you - you all n-never get he . man that do that . he 's be out there . killing . cohle ai not nobody do that kill 's still alive , boy . and you do not know fuck - all about anything . francis .-.- I meet he once . there 's big people , know about he . but I wanna deal . cohle you spilling shit boy -- francis deal with I for they murder ... I tell you about the yellow King . name triggers -- cohle backhand Francis , yank he by the collar -- cohle gimme a name . give I a fuck name !!! cohle slam he into the wall , press he windpipe -- int . observation room , abbeville police - day 59 outside - follow the two PD with they sergeant , as all rush into the interview room as -- notice a patrolman ( childress ) hang back in the hall , have hear the conversation -- int . interview room , abbeville police day 60 francis iwannadeal I wanna deal ! the yellow King ! you deal with I ! cohle what be you say , huh ? what be you on about ? givemeaname -- the two detective pull cohle off of Francis -- sergeant sit the suspect down -- PD tug cohle out -- " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 30 . 61 int . abbeville PD - day 61 sergeant you get the confession , then you make it inadmissable -- cohle what be you do ? he 's still talk -- detective 2 we do not treat we suspect like that here -- detective 1 he 's shuck and jiving you , detective . he know who you be . cohle you call I in -- ( calm ) .-- hold on . hold on , I want to talk to he -- detective 2 we will let you know , we need anything else . sergeant you can visit the prisoner when you calm down , request further interview . we appreciate the assist . detective 1 come on -- two patrolmen pass by to take Francis to hold -- one of they be childress , who hear the conversation - — cohle what 's go on here ? sergeant we gotta salvage a double - murder confession , be what 's go on . if he be not just run you , you 'il get anything we get ... you have my word . cohle 's frustrated , mind spin with what Francis say -- he clock the other detective , shake the sergeant 's hand -- 62 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 31 . cohle I will be back . tomorrow . walk out -- into -- int . laurie 's house - night cohle walk from the dining area to kitchen with hand , flee a conversation behind he , as he and clean up after dinner -- laurie .-. I be not say we have to decide now . it 's just a subject ... they meet in the kitchen , cohle set plate down -- cohle I be say . as a subject . I close that for myself . laurie ... baby , I know how you feel . because of what happen . I do . cohle ... it 's not that . laurie of course it be , no matter what you say . and I be say . there might be a kind of heal in this for you . cohle there 's nothing to heal , Laurie ... it 's a philosophical decision . 62 dish in Laurie she call he out , block he exit from the kitchen -- laurie bullshit . if you be go to live ... be so honest . without illusion , you say . then you can not be serious . if you really think the reason you do not want child be philosophical , you be a- a blind man describe a elephant ... cohle ... it 's wrong . that 's how I feel . laurie «..- you be scared ... or ... ( beat , hurt ) ( more ) " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 32 . laurie ( cont 'd ) ... be it you do not -- with I ? ...- you do not love I that way ? he freeze a half - second too long -- he want to be a good man , but that word still register a suspicious abstraction -- cohle no . it 's not about you . I would not have child with anyone , Laurie . I be sorry ... he pass she , enter the live room , where something catch he eye ... he pause beside a shelf , look at it , as Laurie stand in kitchen doorway -- cohle Pov -- he stare at the frame Lafayette advertiser photo of he and hart , the ' hero cop 's headline -- his own face in the glass , seven year later -- laurie ... a seven - year old picture 's more important than this discussion ? ( beat ) you have get such good eye for detail , rust . the seam in everything and all the crack . but you miss a shit - ton of what 's obvious . cohle ... what have I miss ? laurie how do you think this would sit with I ? you hear I talk about it ... do you think I would just be content to erase any hope for that area of my life ? for be a mother ? without really look at she -- cohle ... no . I guess I never expect you to do that . hurt she , that he have allow he intention 's misinterpretation -- laurie ..- be you just -- I do not know if you be mostly good , and just a coward . or if you be a asshole , and just a little smarter than most . " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 33 . cohle .-. I have hate to call that one . she walk out , and he turn -- cohle ( cont 'd ) ..- I be sorry , Laurie ... he mean it , but he mind be almost entirely elsewhere . back to he reflection over the frame newspaper -- the photo -- 63 int . hart 's car - night 63 late night . Martin hart park at home with audrey in the car . silence -- audrey 's lipstick and makeup be badly smear , ashamed and marty drive , furious -- audrey -- dad ... hart tell it to you mother . he glance at she with raw hate that make she wither with its disgust -- they get out -- 64 int . hart home - night 64 in she robe and nightgown , maggie be wait in the foyer as marty and audrey enter -- maggie be also awoken from sleep and have be wait for hart and audrey to come home -- hart deputy find she park in a car . with two boy . maggie ( to audrey ) what ? hart in state of undress ... you know , like fuck . audrey shrink , as maggie look at she shocked and maybe horrify -- hart ( cont 'd ) boy be nineteen and twenty . get ‘em in hold for the night . I have not decide whether to press statch rape charge . 65 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 34 . audrey what ? you can not -- hart I can do anything I goddamn want to that boy . think about that . maggie audrey . my god. look at I . look at I . what be you think ? hart ' think ? 's what the fuck be wrong with you ? or be this one of that thing I 'il never understand . you bein captain of the varsity slut team - — audrey ... fuck you ! he slap she -- she run to she room -- he 's instantly ashamed of the act , freeze with fear , guilt -- maggie 's aghast ... she follow audrey -- int . hallway , hart home - night 65 macie ( 14 ) , watch from a crack in she door as audrey storm by in tear , hit macie 's door -- macie ow ! maggie follow behind as audrey 's door slam , lock -- maggie ( to macie ) go to bed . this be not to do with you . macie smirk to herself , into she phone , ' my slut sister 's -- she shut she door as she mother knock on audrey 's -- maggie ( cont 'd ) ..- audrey . open up . it 's just you and I . you need to talk about this . no answer -- maggie 's Pov , turn back down a dark hallway of close door , a band of light underneath they -- 66 67 68 69 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 35 . int . hart home - night 66 marty have not move , look at he hand , guilt-ridd -- then , to save himself , through some inner rationale , he convert that guilt into righteousness -- he 's the wronge party -- int . kitchen , hart home - night 67 marty enter the kitchen -- dig around in a cabinet under the sink , pull out junk and old cleanser until - - he find a dusty , old bottle of jameson , half - full -- pour himself a tall drink -- int . locker room , homicide , state PD - day 68 Martin dress -- younger man , detective , mill around he -- he 's tired , study he hand , knuckle on one hand bruise , scrape ( will learn why next ep . ) -- look to he belt , the rodeo buckle on it date ' 82 -- at the bathroom mirror above the sink , he check the skin beneath he chin , the thinning hairline ; try a half - ass comb-over , comb -down , fuck it -- hart leave the mirror , unsatisfy with it -- overlap this image with first dialogue of next scene -- int . interrogation room - day 69 cohle , 49 , twist the flat beer - can like a doubloon -- cohle in eternity , where there 's no time , everything be eternal . nothing can grow , or change . so death create time to grow the thing it would kill ... and you be reborn , but into the same life you have always be bear into . he draw a figure - eight infinity symbol around the can-men - - cohle ( cont 'd ) ...- how many time have we have this conversation , detective ? who know ? we can never remember we life . and we can never change anything . you life be a surface that you consciousness traverse again and again . forever . and that be the terrible and secret fate of all life . you be trap . ( more ) 70 71 72 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 36 . cohle ( cont 'd ) like a nightmare you keep waking up into ... int . squad room , state police hq - day 70 last part of dialogue overlap -- hart walk in from the locker room fully dress in suit . he approach he desk , beside cohle , who stare ahead at a wall , think , hard -- hart «-- you alright ? cohle we need to run to abbeville today . hart I gotta give a deposition , after lunch ... why ? cohle come on . i’1l tell you about it on the way -- they exit -- int . holding area - abbeville PD - day 71 at the gated entrance toward the holding cell -- commotion as cohle and hart face off against two abbeville PD detective and two patrolmen -- cohle what the fuck be you talk about ? detective a hold on a minute , sir . you need to walk this the fuck back . you do not barge through here -- cohle what happen ? you asshole -- int . hallway , abbeville PD - day 72 walking down a hallway of holding cell with PD -- sergeant we do take he belt . shoelace too . detective . they stop at a cell where a tendril of dry , dark stain have grope beneath the bar -- yellow crime scene tape over the door . all stand before the cell , see -- 73 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 37 . guy Francis 's body be slump at a rear corner , bent around the post of he bunk , where a piece have be cut and bent outward a long time ago , make a small , hook tooth -- cohle stare through the bar , Francis 's wrist gouge and ble out , pool at dip in the cement -- sergeant ( cont ’d ) he know what he be look at for the double-murder . guess he think about it , make a choice . cohle you get camera feed ? sergeant yes we do . they cover the hallway . not the cell . cohle I want to see it . sergeant you wanna modify you tone , detective ? or you wanna obtain a subpoena ? hart sorry . Chief , if we could get a look , maybe get we out you hair quick . sergeant ... it 's under review with we internal affair division , but I be sure they have let you have a look , you ask they as nice as you do I . cohle fume as hart lead he away , look at Francis 's dead body slump in the cell , the dark river flow out it ... int . video room - day 73 cohle lean past a ia investigator and technician watch the hold area 's camera footage -- fast -forwarding through footage of empty hold area for some time -- Francis be take out he cell , walk out , then walk back to he cell -- cohle stop . what be that ? ia investigator '' he take a phone call at 7:15 . his lawyer . 74 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 38. on monitor : footage play back , Francis return to he cell , angle too steep for we to see in the cell with any depth -- fast forward -- cohle watch closely as -- from a cell in the back , a little trail of black start flow out -- ia investigator ( cont 'd ) that 's it . Three hour of nothing ... till you see the blood . cohle «+.- you get audio ? sound . tech no. just the vid . cohle ... so we do not know what somebody might have tell he , on that phone call . we need to see you log -- he look between the PD man and hart , appear paranoid -- ext . phone booth / defunct gas station - day 74 a abandon gas station on the prairie , convenience store empty , gas pump rip out -- a deputy stand with cohle and hart outside a phone booth on the edge of the lot -- cohle look the phone over , the desolation -- cohle ... try to take print . no kind of lawyer call from here . ( to deputy ) Francis have relative ? deputy yeah . sister , a few niece and nephew . hart -..- connect to he suicide ? cohle maybe somebody tell he something . gave he no choice ... that do not sound very plausible to hart or the deputy -- 75 76 77 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 39 . int . moving , cid car - day 75 hart drive he and cohle away toward the interstate -- cohle stare out the window , think -- hart clock that cohle be in he state of obsessive think -- hart you really think he could have be serious , about have something ? ..- and if so , then what ? implication : conspiracy ? we get the wrong man seven year ago ..? cohle ..- Reggie ledoux deserve to die , marty . that 's justice . but I be not ruling out other agency . hart what 's that mean ? cohle Francis and Charlie Lange both say the yellow King . dora Lange say yellow King . hart why have not we hear anything ? cohle .».. you ever wonder why that task force be so hot to take the case , back in ' 95 ? hart do not respond , do not like the gear in cohle 's eye -- ext . highway , south louisiana - day 76 the cid car pass again through the wilderness cut with asphalt -- int . interrogation room - day 77 hart , 52 -- gilbough do he mention billy Lee tuttle ? hart ..- you know that he do . 78 79 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 40 . papania tuttle die a couple year back . 2010 . hart yeah . what be it ? mix medication ? so what . gilbough not long after cohle turn back up in Louisiana . hart alright . fuck this . fuck it right now . you tell I why you be all over rust . or I walk . gilbough ..- his record . his report . his storey . they do not add up . hart so talk to he already . stop pissing in my ear . papania we do . hart you do ? huh . gilbough what ? hart if you two talk to rust , you do not get a read on he . he be get a read on you . off hart , feel superior to he interviewer -- ext . mall , lafayette - day 78 hart , 42 , walk through outdoor mall with a bulky walgreen 's bag in hand , look at a ad tear from the paper , picture of cell phone -- he pause in the bustle of shopper , look around , find the cell phone store across the way -- int . cell phone store - day 79 hart lug the walgreen 's bag , look at various phone on display until a salesgirl , beth ( 23 ) , approach he -- as she do , she seem to be take with something about he appearance , he face -- 80 81 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 41. beth can I help you with anything , sir ? hart oh , yeah . please . I be just look for this one ... he indicate a picture from the newspaper ad ; she glance at he while check the ad , let he catch she look -- beth right over here . I have be see that ad all day . she lead he over to the item and hand it to he -- hart ... it 's pretty easy to work , huh ? I do not want anything too fancy ... beth it 's easy ... do you want a camera ? hart think it over , look at the phone box -- hart yeah , sure . good . Beth glance at he face , he wedding ring , the bulky walgreen 's bag -- notice the bag be full of three box of tampon -- beth this have one . it 's easy -- ext . mall , lafayette - day 80 later . walk out the mall , look at the phone 's box -- hart see he be pass a suburban bar -- on the bar 's tv , espn be on -- he look at he watch , the walgreen 's bag -- hart '' fuck it ... he walk into the bar -- int . archive , state PD - day 81 cohle sit before a computer with a small stack of thin folder -- each one contain miss person -- notice the report be either mark ' make _in error 's or simply contain no investigative information , they case file empty -- 82 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 42. he 's copying a list of that name on he legal pad -- int . suburban bar - day 82 hart sit at the bar with a beer , he second , new phone unwrapped , almost too tiny for he finger -- he watch between it and the game on tv , he walgreen 's bag on the stool beside he -- beth ( be bag ) Big weekend plan ? he look up to see Beth stand beside he -- hart ( realize bag ) huh ? oh. hah. yeah ... look forward to it ... he continue to work at the phone -- can not quite take he eye off she as she lean over the bar , order a martini , wait -- beth »..- you be a cop , be not you ? hart you see my badge at check - out ? beth no . tell you the truth ... I think I see you before . year back . hart you get in trouble ? beth no . you come around this place I be stay , ask about a girl ... hart oh. ... my name 's marty . she take he hand , happy and invite , young . we may not realize it yet , but this be the young prostitute at the ' ranch 's whom hart meet in ep . 2 -- beth Beth . I like you belt buckle . you be a bullrider ? he move he bag to the floor , and she join he , receive she drink -- 83 84 85 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 43 . hart oh , yeah . sbc champ , ' 82 . beth I love bullride . he grin , almost tense , drink -- ext . moving , cohle 's truck , rural road - day 83 cohle drive down a rural road , pass field , deep forest with dread -- he see something , slow down , almost stop -- out the window , he see the old billboard still stand , see in ep . 1 , mildew , bleach by the sun , a girl portrait and a legend : ' 10/11/87 : do you know who kill I ? call 800-976-5236 reward ’-- Sun have fade the girl 's face so that it 's a large void , blank -- cohle pass it slowly , stare -- ext . cane field —- day 84 the cane field see in ep 1 , the former dora Lange crime scene . cohle , 39 , alone , cross the field , toward the single oak tree at its center -- cohle enter the small clear around the oak where they find dora Lange 's body seven year ago , see - - the tree host a SMALL altar -- a half - dozen of the stick latticework post around it , a warpe spiral of wood -- from a surround vantage , it appear the stick sculpture or something within the cane observe he -- int . interrogation room - day 85 2012 . on a new crime scene file -- b&w , color photo of the body from Lake Charles , a brief bio on the decease ' stephanie kordish ’-- detail in picture , in cohle 's eye as he leaf through they -- to investigative report -- ' decease report miss - -' ' lcp High School 's -- surface info -- it 's thin -- cohle ...- this 's it ? really ? Hell , I know this . gilbough what we have . so far . 86 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 44 . papania maybe you can stop dance with we . start talk about what you really be up to . how you spend you time . gilbough snap a look at papania : too far -- cohle close the file , phenomenonally unimpress . cohle I already tell you how I spend my time . papania except you be bullshit we all day . gilbough irritate -- gilbough .-.’ scuse we , one more time . gilbough rise -- papania open door , and both walk out , leave rust alone with new file and tin can men-- int . state cid - day 86 follow gilbough and papania out the interview room , away from its line of sight -- gilbough should not have go at he like that , Tom . papana maybe . alright . but he 's be spin we top since he walk in . let 's take it to real street . they major ( markam , 48 ) meet they -- markam ... anything ? papania and gilbough look between one another -- gilbough he 's not right . papania he 's not close to right . come on . gilbough weigh where they be against where papania they -- leave 87 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 45 . gilbough ... we want to go for it . markam we can not hold he , what you get . he know it . papania we take this far as we can . he 's a sociopath with a thesaurus . gilbough ' 95 to now . he pull it all together , do not he ..? he 's the miss piece . he set the guy up in ' 95 . pushed it on the two pedophile . markam .«+- you do not get a admission , you blow it . he ’1ll walk , maybe leave the state . the two detective look between each other -- gilbough .--. we will get it . papania Fucking right we will get it . int . interrogation room - day 87 gilbough and papania enter room -- gilbough have a new photo he put down in front of cohle -- gilbough this 's from we crime scene . once folk get word . on photo -- a crowd scene in a rural area , all stand behind crime scene tape -- gilbough ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) .+.- you recognize anybody in there ? push in on photo 's face -- among the crowd of onlooker stand rustin cohle -- papania Lake Charles be a bit out of the way for you , huh ? " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 46 . cohle ..- how be it you keep she out the papers ? no answer - — cohle ( cont 'd ) maybe you get friend in high place . papania you truck and a man fitting you description be spot in the vicinity of we scene , five time , by five different people , over the last month . cohle 's eye go dark , look up at he questioner -- 88 int . interrogation room - day 88 gilbough and papania now work hart , 52 -- who have the crowd photo that feature rust at the crime scene -- gilbough now , besides people see he and he truck around the location for week , you know he be off the grid , after he leave in ' 02 ? do not show up anywhere till 2010 , Louisiana . get he driver 's license renew . nobody know what he 's be up to , meantime . papania he 's get a storage shed near Church Point . he will not let we see what 's inside . on hart 's face , think this thing over , not believe it -- 89 int . interrogation room - day 89 cohle , 49 -- cohle fuck no you can not look at my storage unit . get a warrant . Christ . try work a case . gilbough we be work it . how it work for we be we think , way back , you put the case on rianne olivier . ( more ) 90 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 47 . gilbough ( cont 'd ) put it on she old boyfriend . I do not know , maybe the ledoux boy know you ... maybe you travel the same circle . same hobby . maybe they have something on you . cohle do not respond , study he accuser like prey -- papana you just keep pull the right old murder , take the case where you want . gilbough you be a juicer . you ever black out ? papania ever wake up , do not remember what you do ? now cohle rise , move to the door -- cohle you think you can arrest I , go ahead . you wanna follow I , go ahead . you wanna see something , get a warrant . Beyond that , thanks for the beer . fuck off . company man . cohle exit the interview room , leave the detective stupify , furious -- papania .-- shit. maynard . we will keep on he . this be not over . gilbough , so tightly wound , for the first time show emotion -- snap and throw a old typewriter in a rage -- int . interrogation room - day 90 gilbough and papania make they case to hart , 52 -- he 's look at photo of the new murder , the crowd photo -- gilbough he bartend four day a week , this roadhouse . have a little apartment behind it . no other accounting of he time . papania say he drink . 91 92 93 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 hart ... you be wrong . nobody could change that much . you be dead fuck wrong . gilbough hey . you be tell we , all day , about the kind of shit he have think up . Way he have talk . we get a good earful of that , too . papania you gonna tell I that 's a stable individual ? Left a burn - out , junkie rumor . you think ten year on the sauce 's make he more reasonable ? think about this . you say it . he have be there three month . ext . cane field —- day 48 . 91 flashback from early in the first ep. , cohle and hart be lead by a sheriff 's deputy through the field , toward the gilbough ( v.o . ) .-- and you two catch a heater like you never have before or since ... int . interrogation room - day hart , 52 , listen -- gilbough one that he shine on . you say he do such a great job . do not he get you every bit of evidence ? do not he push you where he want it to go ? papania he bring you rianne olivier . gilbough she be not one of ledoux 's ... she be one of he . marty 's face bleach , stare at the new photo -- int . squad room , state police hq - day Lange scene -- 92 93 flashback scene from ep . 3 , cohle and hart with the rianne olivier file , the photo of the girl 's back , the spiral tattoo - - 94 95 96 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 49 . cohle -- dig in this direction ... int . cohle 's apt - night 94 in cohle 's 's old apartment , the first time hart see it -- the stack of homicide literature -- ext . storage unit - night 95 2012 , at a storage facility , cohle , 49 , walk a narrow concrete strip between row of storage unit -- he stop before a mid-size one , look over he shoulder , check for tail - — - papania ( v.o. ) why can not we see what he keep in storage ? cohle unlock the padlock and door-lock on the unit , lift the metal doorway open and slip under , inside -- close and lock it from inside . a light come on , fill the crack around the door , frame it in the darkness -- int . interrogation room - day 96 hart , 52 , listen , increasingly paranoid -- papania what would he say ? ' life be a disease 's ? gilbough when he hear the abbeville prisoner , Francis , know something , he get on it . he shut it down . papania you ever think if he make that phone call to the prisoner ? like , I dunno : the guy be try to blackmail he ... gilbough he get back on it , too , do not he ? the idea that the Lange killer be still out there ? hart pause a few beat , sweat , take it all in -- hart yeah ... yeah , he do ... gilbough look for a new patsy , maybe . 97 98 99 100 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 50 . mutual look as hart sit with this -- ext . pelican island , louisiana - day 97 2002 . cohle 's truck travel down the rural road lead into the desolation of pelican island -- hart 2012 ( v.o . ) by the time I know what rust be do , it be too late ... ext . light of the way academy - day 98 39 , cohle step out he truck , stand before the Light of the Way Academy , now even more rundown than before ; seven hurricane season partially demolish the place , roof sink , its yard a overgrown tangle of jungle grass , no groundskeep in a long time ... cohle hold in he hand rianne olivier 's old yearbook , the cheap , staple job -- cohle 's missing person list be use as a bookmark , open the yearbook onto student photo -- rianne olivier 's picture circle in red by he -- cohle walk toward the entrance -- int . light of the way academy - day 99 cohle enter the darken , molder building . damp , seedy light through some break window -- Glass underfoot -- Old water stain -- cohle walk through the dim - light wreckage and pile of debris , fade cross and evangelical mottos on the wall . fade acrylic cherub with hand over eye , ear , and mouth - see no , hear no , say no -- style look familiar -- cohle 's flashlight cut through the dim . a classroom , molder , generic Christian element on the wall -- he climb creaky , sagging step , peel wall , pale light leak through -- hart 2012 ( v.o. ) look , you be give I a lot to absorb . int . interrogation room - day 100 hart , 52 , face the other two detective -- papania goddamn right it 's a lot to absorb . so help we out . 101 " ch . 5 : the secret fate of all life " - 5/12/13 51 . gilbough whatever you can tell we . from when he get back on the Lange killer till you two have you ... altercation . papania ... whatever that be about . hart bristle at something patronize in the reference -- still troubled by what he 's learn of cohle , he think -- int . light of the way academy / classroom - day 101 39 , cohle ascend the second floor of the former school -- a row of glass display shelve , most fall off , a molder classroom -- he sweep with he flashlight -- sees in the beam , old student desk -- occupy a number of seat be TWIG latticework , some very old , cobwebbed -- the wall around the room be paint to look like a cypress forest beneath a purple sky with black star -- he turn to the room 's window -- pull back through break window as music rise , ' eli 's b bosnian rainbow -- pull back to the decrepit exterior of school , and cohle 's face through the break window -- fade to black . end chapter five