true detective chapter one : " Long Red Dark " by nic pizzolatto rwsg literary Agency 1107 1 /2 glendon Ave Los Angeles , California 90024 ( 310) 208-0360 true detective chapter one : ' Long Red Dark 's title credit . fade in : int . interrogation room - day OPEN on martin hart stare directly at we , seat at a table . he 's 56 , tall , broad . he have thick gray hair , close - cropped , a hard face . he wear a well - make suit , and there 's a kind of physical intensity in he bear . he simmer -- cigarette burn and gouge pock the table 's linoleum surface , and behind hart be only a green plaster wall , empty except for its upper right side , in which half a bulletin board be in frame , and on it , half of a wanted poster can be see -- as Martin stare at we , word be type into the bottom of the screen , courier typeface , to the SOUND of key punch - chyron : ' Arkansas State Police cid , company D / statement of hart , Martin Eric . / present : sgt. Thomas f. papania , sgt. maynard gilbough / May , 2010 's hart ( into camera ) what have I think ? ... you know they call he ' the banker 's for a while ?.. Department open up some new position in cid that year . Cocaine be on the rise , and meth be get big . so I partner up . a beat , then he seem to speak as if in response to a question -- hart ( cont ’d ) seem a little raw -bon to I . a little edgy . finally get he over for dinner , around the time of we first female 419 - the ' pine angel 's in benton County ... that 's what you all really want to talk about , right ? dora Lange ? another beat as he seem to listen -- hart ( cont ’d ) alright . rust - well , as a ' for instance , 's I finally get he over for dinner . the case be still hot , and I have a bit of respect for he by then , see how he run out front with it . so one evening , a Tuesday maybe - ? int . hart home - night ( chyron - type : ' 1990 's ) martin hart , 36 , in better shape and with darker hair , answer he front door . it open onto rustin cohle , 31 , smaller , handsome but hard - wear , he shirt and suit dishevel . bleary -ey and frighten , he stand on the porch with a cheap bouquet in hand , as the 2010 hart speak - hart ( v.o. ) poor bastard look like he be on he way to a fire squad . then I see it - his dark hair muss , rust shakily hold out the bouquet . close on he face - wet , red eye , red nose - hart ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's blind drunk . maggie ( 0.s. ) bring he in , marty ! let 's get a look at he ! pull back onto the house and see that it be the modest , well - maintain home of a middle - class family with small child -- hart and cohle look back and forth at one another , cohle 's look apologetic and helpless , both understanding that he 's in no shape to have dinner with hart 's family . hart put a hand on he shoulder , take the flower and lead cohle in - hart just smile and you 'il be fine . I x11 put coffee on . we will get somebody to call up here with a excuse for you to leave . cohle look like he might cry , either from gratitude or terror -- then two little girl come hopping in - audrey , 10 , and macie , 7 . they surround the two man , giddy at the new visitor . for a moment , this two stern man look absolutely baffle by the little girl jump at they calve , the wilted flower hang between they - int . interrogation room - day the same interrogation room , but the chair be empty . a new man step into frame , sit down . recognize rustin cohle , 51 , twenty year older , take hart 's place across the table , stare at we . same wall with a corner of the bulletin board behind he , same piece of a wanted poster -- he have not lose any hair , but it 's streak with steel gray , wild , unkempt and in need of a trim . he 's leaner . in the intervene year he 's shed pound , and now he cheek be sink . he almost look emaciate , lupine . he 's unshaven , wear rumple clothes . notice cover cohle 's leave inner forearm , a colorful , slightly - fade tattoo of flame with a pair of dice at they apex -- chyron ( type ) : ' Arkansas State Police cid / company D / statement of cohle , rustin Spencer . / present : sgt. Thomas f. papania , sgt. maynard gilbough / May , 2010 's cohle clear he throat , he voice gravelly , when he finally speak it 's as if in answer to a question - cohle ( into camera ) yeah . of course . ' the pine angel . 's thank the Democrat - gazette for that one . cohle pause and light a cigarette . then suddenly look between it and the camera , as though he 's be admonish . he deliberate the light cigarette . then keep smoking - cohle ( cont ’d ) do not be a dick about it ... you want to hear this or not ? ( smoke ) benton County sheriff request assistance with a 419 at the edge of the wood off highway 20 . South of Eureka Springs . this we first real heater . I have be around about three month at the time . have just observe marty , till then . cohle ash on the table , stare belligerently - ext . wood near hwy 20 , arkansas - morning Red cloud and a red sunrise . a heavily wood valley surround with denser forest , the ozark fencing the horizon in dun-color spike . blob of gray snow litter the dark soil . a crisp , ruby light -- 4. following three men across this valley : a uniform sheriff 's deputy walk point , lead two men in trenchcoat and suit , martin hart and rustin cohle , c.1990 . hart 's hand be stuff in he pocket , and cohle carry a crime scene kit and a legal - size portfolio -- we watch the deputy lead they toward deeper wood . notice all the bird roosting outside the forest , and 2010 cohle speak in v.o . -- cohle ( v.0 . ) last gasp of winter . it be about seven a.m. , March 3 , 1990 . my daughter 's birthday , I remember . walk , rustin see a black snake wind through the grass , away from the direction they be travel -- angle ahead - where the tree line break . sheriff' deputy stand a couple dozen yard from a dark shape hunch at the base of a large pine tree . the man talk between themselves , they back turn away from the shape , breath visible in the crisp air -- ext . forest , arkansas - morning without say anything , the deputy lead hart and cohle to the dark , slump shape . the deputy try not to look at it , but can not help himself -- on hart and cohleas face as the deputy step aside . hart look vaguely horrify . cohle 's face simply tense and he eye sharpen . behind they , bird shriek from the tree -- cohle move past hart to get closer -- angle on body - ( depict as mercifully as possible ) - a white female , naked , pose kneel over a large tree root , she hand fold as if in prayer . head down , a crown of root and thorns be set on she scalp . a pair of large , dark wing have be attach to she back . the wing drape over she rib , they feather - tip sink into a small patch of dirty snow -- cohle put on a pair of latex glove and look from the body to the tree around it - notice a pentagram freshly carve into the pine tree beside the body -- hart Holy God . cohle crouch to examine the wing . angle on he hand shifting the feather . 5 . notice the wing be bond at they axillar with some kind of industrial adhesive which have scour the flesh around they with chemical burn . cohle gently grasp she head and lift she face - her face be intact , she eye gray and dull . it 's not a unattractive face , but white , and something subtle in it - a parting of the lip - almost suggest a rapture -- cohle ( to deputy ) you guy touch anything ? one of the uniform man step out . sheriff tate , 49 , soft and booze- reddene - tate they know all about crime scene . you think anybody want to touch this ? cohle who find she ? tate Hospital chopper on its way to St. Jude 's spot she . phone we . cohle ( stand ) m.e .? tate County 's on he way . Wade Davis . good man . cohle look back at the body , the crown , the wing - cohle bullshit . call state 's . tell they to send Gordon dicillo . tate flare he nostril , share a piss - off glance with the deputy . marty sigh - this rude android for a partner -- again crouching , cohle examine the body . follow he hand , which move gently in feathery touch and grip , disturbing as little as possible , while he v.o. speak - cohle [ v.o . ] it be pretty fresh . animal have not be at it . she still have she eye . he move he hand down she body , note bruise - cohle ( v.0 . ) lividity at she shoulder , thigh and anterior torso . she be on she stomach a while before he move she here . angle on a black mini - skirt hang above the body on branch , the skirt cut down the middle and spread open like a bat 's wing -- tate you ever see anything like this ? hart no. eleven year cid . tate satanic . that 's the word for it . they have a 20 / 20 on it last year . the SUN have rise higher , and now a sunbeam have come down , lighting the tableau as if by spotlight . all the man notice - cohle look up , and see that the killer position the body directly beneath a break in the tree , so that sun would purposefully light she figure - tate ( cont 'd ) she look like some kind of religious statue . cohle look at she in the sunbeam with new eye , halt as if see thing differently - cohle i.d .? tate shake he head . cohle look toward the shadow of the ozark , the low valley between they a desolate flatness . he turn to hart - a glance give cohle permission to take lead - cohle ( cont ’d ) ( to sheriff 's ) we need more man for a grid search . we will get trooper out here , but we could use more deputy . I need you guy to set up a perimeter - he point back through the field , at the far convergence of rural highway - cohle ( cont ’d ) - wide as possible on that three road . one of you post up . take license plate of anything that pass , too . the deputy just stare at cohle until he eye sheriff tate . sheriff tate nod to he man , and they disperse to take position . hart pull out a large radio from he trenchcoat -- hart a23 . we need trooper assist on that 419 . all you can spare for canvass . radio Roger , a23 . when he 's do , he put on latex glove and crouch beside cohle , who 's already kneel beside the body . notice cohle do not care about he pant knee as he write on that big legal pad he 's bring - cohle ( write ) ligature mark at wrist and ankle . hemorrhage around the throat . int . interrogation room - day the 2010 frame , and 56 - year old Martin hart - hart ( into camera ) that 's why they call he ' the banker 's . most of we , you know , use a little notepad you have have ina pocket . rust carry this big portfolio . wrote down everything . and he first couple month , he have to do a lot of canvass . so it look funny . him go door to door with that big ledger , like the census taker . thus , the banker . not so bad , far as nick - name go . as Martin speak toward the camera , there be a withheld affection in he remembrance . clearly , he have a complexity of feeling about rustin cohle , but ' respect 's be part of that . hart ( cont ’d ) I mean , I have see the different type . we all fit category . the bully . the charmer . ( more ) hart ( cont ’d ) the father - figure . the man possess by ungovernable rage . the eye . the brain ... and any of that type can be a good detective . and any of that type can be a incompetent shitheel . it 's how they manage the burden of authority , yeah ? he think a moment , perhaps listen to a comment from he interviewer -- hart ( cont ’d ) it 's like a father 's authority . a father 's burden . it 's too much for some people ... same thing I look for when I hire guy for the agency now . you want a certain toughness . but the kind that do not veer toward callous . because that 's a dangerous road . aggression be necessary . it be . so 's compassion , a sense of fairness - ext . forest , arkansas - day crime scene - cohle and hart continue examine the body , cohle take furious note . we can not hear what they say , only hart 's 2010 testimony -- hart ( v.o . ) you want they to be thorough . to have good eye , ask the right question . to have steady habit . on cohle 's face as he study the body , take note -- hart ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a smart guy who 's steady be hard to find . I mean , I admit , I be not the most brilliant case man the division ever see . I get lucky a few time . I be alright . better than some . but I know how to talk to people . and I be steady . cohle write furiously , scan the environment around the body - hart ( cont 'd ) rust be smart . ext . ' rainbow apartment 's , northwest arkansas - day a seedy brick line of apartment the size of motel room , in the middle of nowhere - field and desolation around . hart ( v.o. ) second week we be together I see where he be live , and I feel for the guy . angle on a unmarked cid car , as cohle and hart step out , and hart follow he partner to a door -- int . cohle 's apartment - day cohle open the door , and from hart 's Pov , we take in the room . it 's empty except for a couple box . depressingly bleak and completely unadorn . a mattress on the floor . a crucifix above the mattress . no tv. stack of thick book in various spot on the floor - hart ( v.o. ) I think of some quasimodo character live in a belfry , like . he have this textbooks stack on the floor -- angle on the book . notice the title : Advanced crime scene Analysis . offender profile . sex crime investigation . Advanced homicide investigation -- hart look at cohle , a little weird - out - cohle I have offer you a seat . hart do not mention it . int . interrogation room - day Martin hart , 56 - hart you know the photo in that book . not the sort of thing you have leave lie around , at least if you expect anybody else to ever walk in you place ... one of that moment I be glad I have make a family . 10 . ext . forest , arkansas - day crime scene - detective cohle and hart be alone beside the body , have finish they examination . cohle sit on a log and continue write on he tablet , look around . hart stand and talk on the radio . we can not hear he 1988 voice , only the 2010 - hart ( v.o. ) I do not really mind he be quiet . mainly nobody understand what he be do here . bring in from Louisiana , and he be not interested in make buddy . hart put down the radio , move to where cohle sit write . the body nearby , like a dark angel on the periphery of the frame - hart . dicillo say he ’1ll be here in twenty . cohle do not respond , keep write . hart take out a can of smokeless tobacco and fill he bottom lip . then they both wait , with the silence between they -- angle on cohle 's tablet - he 's move to draw sketches of the crime scene and body - hart ( v.o. ) Bobby and Steve and the other guy think he be stick up , like he think he 's better than other people . but up close it be more complicated . more like a paranoia . ext . forest , arkansas - day cohle direct one section of the grid search , and marty another -- on cohle as he give order -- hart ( v.o. ) we do not know what he have be do . before cid ... I do not know about all that undercover work until later . a tinge of sympathy be evident in hart 's voice -- 11 . int . interrogation room - day rustin cohle , age 51 , dishevel , smoking . somebody bring he a old coffee mug to use as a ashtray - he pause , cohle yeah , well . Devil 's in the detail , yeah ? I write everything I could . try to capture the moment , its essence . because you never know what the thing 's go to be , do you ? the essential , unlikely clue . thing that , way down the line , maybe month or year later , make you say , ' ah . 's break the case wide . remember , smoke -- cohle ( cont ’d ) so we be sit there wait on dicillo . this scene . I mean , we would encounter a full - fledge meta - psychotic . I have to explain to marty what that be - ext . forest , arkansas - day crime scene : in the distance we can see deputy spread out across the field . the detective be still the only two near the body . cohle gesture to it as he speak to hart , he portfolio laid down - cohle this be go to happen again . hart what do you think you know ? cohle this be fantasy enactment . there 's fetishization , something like ... iconography . hart satanist shit . cohle no . but it 's a religious vision . her body be a paraphilic lovemap . hart a what ? 12 . cohle 's eye trawl over the body -- cohle a attachment of physical lust to fantasy and practice forbidden by society . hart you learn that in you book ? cohle I do . you see how short that skirt be ? decent odd she 's a prost . maybe a hitchhiker . but the guy 's be think about this a long time . hart just do not want we jump to any conclusion . cohle I bet we get id off she print . hart , as senior detective , probe cohle to test he judgment - hart what else ? cohle miss person , obviously . we need to look into any report of unrelated sexual event , like flash or fetish burglary . check all prior arrest go back the last several year for the northwest county . any b&e with a fetish component . sexual offender parole to the state . hart be impressed by the rookie detective 's assessment . cohle ( cont ’d ) this thing do not occur in a vacuum . hart nod , and cohle return to sit on he log , watch the body . hart watch he -- silence for several beat - this dark assemblage flirt with absurdity - the two suite man sit near that horrible corpse , be quiet like schoolboy or nervous suitor -- hart seem perturb , finally speak - 13 . hart this be a stupid time to mention it . but you have to come over to the house for dinner . I can not put maggie off any more , and it 's shitty and rude for you not to . cohle think -- cohle alright . cohle look slightly on edge now , grip he portfolio on he lap , stare at the girl . stay on cohle 's face , a dull dread in it , he eye look trap as he sit with hart -- cohle ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I get this stone in my gut , see , because I think about marty 's wife and he two girl , sit down to dinner with this family , and I be think about sofia , my daughter , and how it 's she birthday . and how she 's be go almost five year ... int . interrogation room - day older , haunt , cohle continue he story -- cohle and I know right then that I be go to have a drink . ext . forest , arkansas - day crime scene : later . m.e. gordon dicillo have arrive , mid - 40s /50s . he squat by the body while a assistant take photo under he direction -- in the field beyond , notice state patrolmen and sheriff 's deputy walk a slow grid formation through the field , while a few other deputy hold off a PRESS van on the county road . cohle and hart stand near dicillo , cohle almost look over he shoulder -- angle on pruning shear - dicillo use they to cut the wing at they base with a wet , crunching sound -- dicillo bag this separate . 14 . cohle see if you can find out what type of bird that belong to . hart look like maybe a turkey vulture . a trooper approach the detective - trooper Sir ? we get drag mark - ext . field , arkansas - day angle on slight streak of blood on the high grass , almost imperceptible , as be the wave of mashed - down grass lead between the forest and the road -- cohle study they , look to the road -- cohle there 's go to be some tire track on the shoulder of the road there . can you make tread cast ? trooper yes , sir . cohle alright . get cast . check the opposite shoulder . cast anything over there , too . I get mold kit in my bag at the scene , if you need they . the trooper nod , hustle off , and cohle look at the drag trail , the dark tree and cold , bright sky . he see sheriff tate talk to news reporter by two news van on the road . cohle 's face scowl -- ext . roadside , arkansas - day cohle whistle with two finger , wave the sheriff over . the sheriff take he time -- cohle we need as much of this bend seal off as possible . tell the journalist they be violate the scene . tate they be in the road . 15 . cohle get they out . you realize what we just catch here ? tate realize it 's my jurisdiction . cohle it be . but then you call we . I do not know how they get here so quick , ' less you call they , feel leave out . but get that jackass go . they be park on evidence . tate 's face go red . a stare contest , and he see bad thing in cohle 's . the sheriff return to the reporter - i./ ext . cid car / arkansas highway - day hour later . toward evening , cohle and hart drive in they unmarked cid sedan , hart behind the wheel . they pass vacant prairie , rolling hill , isolated farmhouse -- cohle go through a stack of canvass report and field statement form on he lap , all fill with cohle 's meticulous script -- the day 's work -- cohle ( be field report ) that 's six hour waste . hart just that there 's not much around here . cohle this people out here . like they get no idea the outside world exist . they might as well live on the moon . hart you call she in to miss person ? cohle yeah . first thing . see what dicillo say , wait for i.d .? hart I want to start a board . cohle nod . silence awhile , and hart glance to he - 16 . hart ( cont ’d ) ask you something . that pentagram up there and stuff ... you be Christian , yeah ? cohle what ? not on you life . this confuse hart -- hart saw that crucifix in you apartment ... cohle oh . that 's more like meditation . hart be knee - jerk offended at cohle 's nonchalance about the Son of man -- hart how 's that ? cohle I like to contemplate Christ 's life . as a existential statement . the idea of allow you own crucifixion . hart but you do not believe he 's the Lord and savior ? cohle not at all . hart ( appal ) what do you believe ? cohle glance at hart with a tired expression , do not answer . it 's clear he do not want to , but hart keep look at he in expectation -- cohle you do not want to know . hart Three month . I get nothing out of you . and today ? after what we be into now ? do I the simple courtesy of answer the question . I be not try to convert you . 17 . cohle sigh -- cohle .-.- in philosophical term , I be what 's call a pessimist . hart ' in philosophical term , 's what 's that mean ? cohle means I be bad at party . hart scowl at cohle , prodding he on . cohle continue , reluctant - cohle ( cont ’d ) I think that human consciousness be a tragic evolutionary misstep . I think that nature fabricate a aspect of nature that 's forever separate from it . a creature that by natural law should not exist . outside , the car pass a cheap , old billboard with a woman 's portrait on it and the legend ' 10/11/80 : do you know who kill I ? call 800-976-5236 reward 's -- cohle ( cont ’d ) ... I think we be thing that labor under the illusion of have a ' self 's , each of we program with total assurance that we be each a somebody . but everybody 's nobody . cohle get on a roll now -- cohle ( cont ’d ) see , we fabricate meaning in order to deny what we be , so that we can keep on go . family , god , country , art - this be the material of we fabrication . we be uncanny puppet on a lonely planet , in cold space , live and replicate and send unborn generation into suffer and death because that 's we programming . hart 's eye have go wide with disbelief and frustration -- hart Jesus Christ . 18 . cohle no thanks . and cohle 's a little enervate , as if , you ask for it -- cohle ( cont ’d ) what I think ? the only honorable thing for we species to do be deny we programming , stop reproduce and march hand - in-hand into extinction . a beat where cohle seem almost wistful -- cohle ( cont ’d ) a last sunset . cosmic midnight . hart 's deeply offended , angry - hart so what 's the point of life , huh ? cohle there be no point . nowhere to go , no one to see , nothing to do , nothing to be . hart ( enraged ) Jesus Christ , Jesus Christ . you bleed asshole . most you have say in three month and it 's gotta be - what 's the matter with - why be you on the job , anyway ? cohle the only real answer be that it 's obviously my programming . just like it 's yours . he look out the window as he speak , almost to himself -- cohle ( cont ’d ) the reason I tell myself ? I ’ma human be . I speak for the dead . I bear witness . it keep I part of thing . but mostly I lack the courage for suicide ... look , if you want , I could lend you some schopenhauer . start there . hart stop . stop talk . shit. shit. 19 . back to silence . as hart grind he tooth , cohle stare out the window at the isolated field and ramshackle home , the electrical line against the desolate valley , broken fence - several tense beat -- cohle I get poor vibration from this place . you can feel the psycho - field in the air . like aluminum on you tooth . hart do not reply , drive on , disturb , hope cohle will not talk anymore -- cohle ( cont ’d ) should I bring anything , for dinner ? horrify to be remind of the dinner invitation , hart be - compose himself -- hart bottle of wine , be nice . I guess . cohle I do not really drink . this a final straw of disappointment for hart -- hart of course you do not , rust ... and listen , at my house ? do not mention any of that shit you just say to I . you asshole ... ' extinction . 's cohle of course not , marty . I be not some maniac . fuck 's sake . they drive in silence the rest of the way , as hart 's 2010 vv.o. resume and the car pass down the road , into the green hill - hart ( v.o. ) I mean , most of we be pretty hard right , you know ? Christians . good Republicans . we have picture of Reagan , Bush and Nixon in the cid squad room . and at this point , no lie -- the car shrink into the dark foothills that bound the country road , vanish into a red darkness -- 20 . hart ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - I just really , really do not like the guy . ext . arkansas state police hq , fort smith - day establishing the state police headquarters in Fort Smith . a four-story administrative building with flag out front , lot of patrol and unmarked car , all late - 80s tauruse . hart and cohle 's pull into the lot as the afternoon redden toward sunset -- int . arkansas state police hq , fort smith - day cid be locate on the third floor , and cohle and hart enter . the division be a large , open floor with cubicle , typewriter , a receptionist , and a few plainclothes detective at they desk , use the phone . a flag , slogan poster , no computer . the receptionist flag cohle - receptionist Lieutenant want you both . soon as you get back , he tell I . cohle glance at hart , who shrug , walk away from he . hart be quickly mobbed by the detective in the room , all of whom want to know about the red-ball he and cohle have catch - snatch of they conversation : ' Said she have wing ? 's '- that heavy Metal music - 's ' you need extra hand ? 's ' a 20 / 20 special 's etc. int . lo. quesada 's office , cid - late afternoon a boss 's office . cohle and hart be sit in two chair that face the desk and , behind it , lt . ken quesada , 3rd squad homicide Commander , company D , late 40s , chubby , wear a Knights of Columbus ring he like to rub -- hart mid-twenties to late-forty . look like strangulation . she have - I mean , you never even hear of anything like this -- rust she have wing attach to she back . quesada what , like a costume ? rust like a real bird 's wing . Big wing , solder onto she skin . 21 . quesada Jesus . rust this be the real thing , loo . this be way out there . quesada that explain why the ap woman ask I about bird . and Satan worship . godamnit . I have to yell in the sheriff 's ear how it 's not a good idea to spout hysterical bullshit to local news . I chew he up , but I might have to do a press conference tomorrow . right now , keep it close . get with I on dicillo 's report . I be first to know when you get a id . hart I 's go to get a board go . quesada you get anything for it ? hart shake he head . quesada ( cont ’d ) do it anyway . incident room 's yours . lead a briefing tomorrow . tate want to liaise a couple man to we . we might need they , I guess . scene gonna stay secure ? hart what good it 'il do . suppose to snow tonight . a knock on the office window : a suit stand there , and quesada nod to he . cohle and hart rise , but -- quesada rust - stay here a minute , huh ? cohle and hart share a glance as hart exit , and the suit enter . this be Assistant State Attorney len salter , 40 , carry a briefcase and close the door behind he . sit down in hart 's vacant chair -- cohle look back and forth at the two man , who study he openly . as they speak , they be each obviously probing and gaug he reaction -- 22 . quesada ( cont ’d ) rustin cohle . detective . eight year with baton rouge PD . four of that with the State Police intra - agency Task Force ... Front line in the war on drug . salter hard charger . take down some major bust . they call you ' crash 's , right ? quesada I hear that , too . ' crash 's cohle . salter they call you that because you bust thing up ? cohle it be a joke with the ittf . short for crash test dummy . salter hear now they call you ' the banker . 's a beat as the two boss examine cohle , whose eye have go hard , flinty -- salter ( cont ’d ) you op detail be redact . four year of duty seal on the Louisiana AG 's order or classified with dea . no detail . quesada watch cohle 's reaction , twist he kofc ring . cohle become indignant -- cohle you realize what we just catch out there ? quesada rust . it 's a few minute . cohle twitches at quesada 's statement , as though the man 's never use he first name before -- salter few minute will not make a difference ... how 's it work out for you here , detective ? in cid ? 23 . cohle shrug , do not answer . eye-locked to salter -- quesada rust . do something . see if you can guess why the asa want to meet you . why be we talk ? cohle look between the two man , study they expression -- cohle in general I be not trust , because I move in under the aegis of former superintendent willey , and at the behest of the dea . maybe you get word about northshore . I do not know . half the guy think I have not earn the shield - which be bullshit , by the way . check my record with robbery . a beat , as the two boss be impressed by the precision of he analysis . rust seem vaguely angere -- cohle ( cont ’d ) Beyond that , the department 's concerned that I may have be insert as part of a outside investigation . into what , who know ? but give that the asa be here , State Attorney laughlin could be worried about something . so , if willey 's out , and at three month I be still here , it 's time to ask you question . quesada see there , Len ? I tell you . salter alright , then , detective . give you considerable ability to ascertain a situation , let 's be frank . why be you here ? cohle I want to work murder . that 's it . I have to get out of Louisiana . special agent Willis bokum owed I a favor . more than one . I ask for something like this . this be what he offer . 24 . quesada Arkansas State Police , though ? just like that ? cohle I pass my forensics lab . aced practical homicide investigation . salter .-- be this convincing , Ken ? cohle convince for what ? be the idea that I be secretly run a dea op ? quesada and salter look between one another , then back to cohle . cohle ( cont ’d ) for fuck 's -- I have no connection with any outside agency . my transfer be a favor owed . that 's it . they continue to study he , silent , and cohle realize the other question they have be sit on - cohle ( cont ’d ) sa laughlin 's run for governor , rumor have it . you big question be , be I able to provide any kind of information about potential or ongoing feed investigation . can I keep in the loop , make sure state get its credit if the fed pull down any winner . a bump around election season ... you be ask I about leverage . quesada and salter look to one another . grin . cohle ( cont ’d ) I want to work murder . that 's all I can do . int . interrogation room - day rustin cohle , 51 , face the camera , smoking yet another cigarette . as if in answer to a question - cohle northshore ? psychiatric hospital in slidell . I spend four month there in ' 88 . 25 . cohle smoke a few beat , let he interviewer digest this knowledge -- int . arkansas state police hq , cid - night cohle exit quesada 's office , frustrated , on edge . he look around at the squad room . besides hart , there be four other detective there - demma , lutz , geraci and hay - all white , late - 30 /40s . the other detective eyeball cohle with no love - cohle ( v.0 . ) anyway , I get out quesada 's office , marty 's get a board go , and he 's already type we dl . and like I say before - I be feel a lot of stuff hit I at once . my daughter 's birthday . this murder . I 'ma stranger to myself , man . and I want to drink ... figure to work the case . keep I out the house while we wait on dicillo 's report or a i.d. to come in . angle on hart type up the partner 's DAILY log . cohle notice the dry-erase board up at the head of the room , with heading that read : canvass report / timeline / background . all blank underneath . cohle walk swiftly to hart 's desk -- cohle ( cont ’d ) hey , you mind if I skate ? I be go to get some name from vice , local prost hang -out . ask around about we DB . hart you want I to come ? cohle Nah . it 's just something to do . go be with you family . hart nod , without warmth , go back to type . cohle walk out the squad room like he 's make a jail break -- int . interrogation room - day cohle , 51 , speak into camera . his mood have become less belligerent , more open , as if in recount this memory he 's discover a kind of release through the tell - cohle at the time , I kind of struggle with my night ... I mean , I do not sleep . ever. 26 . cohle stare at the camera , and by he eye we believe this claim -- i./ ext . cohle 's truck , road - night rustin cohle drive he mid-80 ford ranger , north on hwy 71 , toward Fayetteville , springdale and Rogers . as he drive , he smoke -- he open a bottle of robitussin and guzzle the whole thing , grimace , toss the bottle out the window . his eye be furious -- audio prelap : SOUND of brake squealing , tire spinning -- ext . suburban STREET - day flashback : rustin cohle , 26 , run into the street , a look of pure terror on he face , a toddler 's three - wheeler bent and twisted at the edge of the frame . behind he , he wife drop to she knee , scream . blood on the road around the bike -- i./ ext . cohle 's truck , road - night cohle drive , smoking . a 2010 v.0 . - cohle ( v.0 . ) State vice give I some address to look at . so far nobody talk to I . ext . jet -24 truck stop , arkansas - night establishing -- partially obscure by the interstate , black country darkness around it , the truck stop 's light sparkle out the night , its lot full of big rig , a well - light depression of heavy machinery . it could be a mining outpost on a distant asteroid -- cohle 's truck pull in -- notice a SMALL bar call Jenny o 's adjacent to the truck - stop , in the same oasis . cohle park , watch the place . he find George Strait on the radio , '' he stop love her today '' -- cohle watch a woman climb out the cab of a parked truck , wiping she mouth . he see another woman climb from another truck , and then watch both woman walk into Jenny o ''s - notice , with cohle , a small playground area off to the side of the truck stop , its slide and swing look lonely in the darkness -- 27 . sfx : a child 's delighted laughter , a aural hallucination -- cohle wipe tear out he eye , shut off the truck and start walk toward Jenny 0o 's -- int . hart home - night Martin hart ( 36 ) enter a darken house , obviously late at night . he shuffles to the kitchen , pour a tall glass of jameson , and a sloppiness in he gesture suggest this be not he first drink of the night -- he walk to the hallway , sip he drink , still wear he trenchcoat , which perhaps overtly suggest he role as investigator . he pause in the doorway of he girl 's room -- Martin 's Pov , watch he two girl sleep in the blue darkness . on he face , sip he drink , something unsettle in he gaze , perhaps connect to the woman 's body find that day , perhaps connect to rust 's philosophy -- int . live room , hart home - late night hart have a fresh drink and be look through the slim content of a bookcase . he pick out the one he be look for ' National audubon Society field guide to the southeastern States 's -- he take the drink and book to a armchair , start read under lamp light . a lonely image , a man drink alone in the dark , study the detritus of murder -- int . jenny o’s tavern , arkansas - late night a smoky , cramped bar . trucker inside , hard - wear man watch basketball on the television , scrap of neon , tinsel , razorback football poster . notice the two women cohle see exite big rig , now seat together at a narrow table ina back corner . one or two other women , similarly hard - wear , be scattered inside -- angle on cohle , approach the back corner table . he smile and address the woman . one thin and blonde , the other pear - shape , a brunette - - cohle lady . blonde ( cop alert ) oh , come on , man - 28 . cohle I 's hope I could ask y’all a few question . I get the next round . blonde you make trouble ? Sir ? cohle no mar ’am . I be just look for info about a woman , might be you know she . brunette who 's that ? blonde hold on . the blonde ( Lucy - 20 ) , upend she beer , drain it . she slide the empty pint glass to cohle , include the brunette ( annette ) in she gesture -- lucy two Long Island teas , please . int . jenny o’s tavern , arkansas - late night angle on cohle return to the table with two large drink -- cohle my name 's rust , by the way . annette I be annette . she 's Lucy . Lucy shoot she dagger for say name . cohle sit down as they each start drink -- cohle either of you maybe know a woman , could be about you age , might work around the same place . about five 's five , shortish hair , dyed blonde , thin . lucy what kind of tit she have ? cohle just about medium , I guess . maybe a little small . 29 . annette jeez . I do not know . I mean , I know a couple girl like that . cohle any of they miss ? like any you have not see around lately ? lucy what you want they for ? you busting somebody ? cohle I would never bust a person for prostitution . or drug . at the word ' drug 's , Lucy 's eye dart to she purse , and cohle clock the tell -- cohle ( cont ’d ) I be murder police . annette somebody get kill . lucy there 's a girl name liza , and one call herself precious . but I see precious yesterday at McDonald 's . cohle what about liza ? lucy she 's here . Lucy point across the bar to a thin , haggard blonde chat up a trucker -- lucy ( cont ’d ) what happen , this girl you be look for ? rust study the trucker along the bar , they face , clearly ponder the possibility of the killer be a trucker -- he turn back to the woman , stand , and hand they each a business card -- cohle that 's I . detective sergeant . you help I out of this , maybe I can help you some time . ( more ) 30 . cohle ( cont 'd ) I be look for a girl by that description , shoulda be miss a couple day , at least . he hand annette a ten-dollar bill -- cohle ( cont ’d ) could you grab a couple more drink , annette ? she glance to Lucy , who nod , then walk to the bar . cohle lean toward Lucy , hushed -- cohle ( cont ’d ) you get pill pretty easy ? Lucy 's face twist in panic -- cohle ( cont ’d ) relax . I want some . lucy speed ? cohle no. quaalude . anything - barbital . lucy upper be easier to get . last longer , too . cohle it 's not like that . lucy what 's it like ? cohle I do not sleep . on Lucy 's face , confuse -- int . live room , hart home - early morning the follow morning , pale pink and blue light flush the window . Martin hart sleep in T-shirt and work slack on the recliner , the audubon guide open on he chest , a empty glass turn over on the carpet beside the chair -- angle on maggie hart , 35 , enter the live room from hallway , still wear Martin 's old football jersey , which she sleep in . she go to the kitchen NOOK , start coffee . as she wait for it to brew , she watch she husband , a sadness in she eye -- 31 . she move to he . nudge he awake -- maggie hey . hey , baretta . hart 's eye flutter , and he shoot up in the chair , as if in the middle of a nightmare -- maggie ( cont ’d ) hey . hey . why be you out here ?.. why do not you come to bed ? he 's still groggy , come out of sleep , and do not pick up on she dejection -- hart .-- do not - I could not sleep . caught a bad one yesterday . ( be audubon guide ) I fall asleep do some research . maggie on bird ? her eye search for he . he simply nod -- maggie ( cont ’d ) Girls 's 1ll be up soon . miss you the last couple day . hart ( check watch ) shit . I gotta shower . I be debrief today . he jump out the chair , give maggie a peck on the cheek and walk down the hallway -- on maggie , try not to be hurt , try to understand by now that it 's not personal , that she husband 's job change people . she move back to the kitchen and begin prepare breakfast -- int . arkansas state police hq , cid - morning following hart as he enter cid , nod to the receptionist . three other detective milling around the coffee pot . they nod hellos . hart reach he cubicle and see that cohle , across from he , have already arrive , bag under he eye -- cohle r&i come back early this morning . dora Kelly Lange , 28 . ( more ) 32 . cohle ( cont 'd ) prior for shoplift and , can you believe it , solicitation . hart Little early for you sort of self - satisfaction . cohle I have never be satisfied with myself , marty . hart I get something too . he pull the audubon guide from he jacket - hart ( cont ’d ) I think the wing be cathartes aura . that 's a turkey vulture , son . cohle a big one . he hand Lange 's file to hart , who begin peruse it - cohle ( cont ’d ) her address list as Fayetteville , but landlord say she have not live there in over a year . have a ex , Charlie Lange , do eight in pine bluff for burglary and possession . mother outside of Rogers . line 's disconnect . dmv license expire . hart what else ? cohle dicillo call . immediately grab hart 's attention -- int . morgue , coroner' office - morning Inside a autopsy room , standard - issue , tile wall and floors , steel table , surgical equipment , sink , etc . cohle and hart stand with gordon dicillo , all face two table . on one table lie the woman 's body , clean and intact except of the y-incision . on the other table sit the wing , position as they be on she back , and the crown of root . dicillo read from he report , inside a manila folder thick with papers -- 33 . dicillo r&i get you anything ? hart her name 's dora Lange . she 's 28 . dicillo look through he papers . as he read , notice the separate reaction of each detective . hart more visibly wear he emotion , not look at the body , he face flex with rage as he listen . cohle stare at the body , follow along with dicillo 's description , he face cold , intense - - dicillo weather in the forest treat we pretty well . time of death between one and two a.m. , March 3rd , 1988 . cod be manual strangulation . fingernail mark and hemorrhage around the throat , fracture hyoid and presence of thyroid cartilage . petechial hemorrhage ... she be wash clean , too . not a print . ligature mark around she wrist and ankle , bound with quarter - inch rope . judge by the mark , she be tie up for maybe ten to twenty hour ... cohle move closer to the table , begin slowly walk around it , eye devour - dicillo ( cont ’d ) evidence of vaginal and anal intercourse . appear consensual . traces of spermicidal lubricant . he use a condom . cohle surprise . dicillo why ? cohle I figure he for impotent . dicillo .-- possible object insertion , as well . each man have something like a personal moment of silence . this entire scene be intense , sad and emblematic of the detective 's role in the life of he species -- 34 . dicillo ( cont ’d ) she be bound upright . cohle stomach content ? dicillo have not eat in a day , maybe more . toxicology 's positive for cocaine , lysergic acid and diazepam . hart valium ? cohle and lsd . dicillo might be enough to put even you down a rabbit hole , detective cohle . dicillo hint that he 's hear storey -- cohle piss in my ear a little more , Gordon . let 's kill some more time . hart how much lsd ? dicillo maybe a couple- thousand microgram . you know how much that be ? cohle enough to see dance bear for a few week . dicillo it 's a lot . cohle and if she do not know she have take it , it have be like hell 's carnival . hart so she be drugge , bound . then strangle . and leave out there like that . pose . cohle what about the wing ? 35 . hart Turkey vulture ? dicillo that 's right . Three or four year old . a adult male . the wing be taxidermied , hold together with wire , rubber cement , clear epoxy spray . they be remove with a sharp , straight blade , maybe a box cutter . held on to she with thermoplastic adhesive . industrial hot-glue . a lot of it . burn through the top layer of she skin . cohle she alive for that ? all three man look at one another -- dicillo I really can not say ... her fingernails be crack , but the only blood be hers . found fiberboard splinter in the scraping you take . cohle like she try to scratch through a door . tripping . lock up somewhere . cohle look at she face -- not exactly pretty , but once cute , somehow malnourish , obviously poor -- hart move to the table with the wing and crown dicillo the crown . for want of a better word . switchgrass , ivy , and rise stem . tied together with common twine . no print . the man stand there , almost breathless after this cataloge -- hart anything else ? dicillo shake he head -- dicillo I have be a m.e. for nineteen year . not a lot you do not see in that time . 36 . he hand hart the report , and do not let go of it right away , so that they both grip it , and they eye meet , as though dicillo be tasking he to find justice -- ext . coroner 's office , fort smith , ar - day cohle and hart step out the office , both badly need fresh air . the build be a old brick and limestone cube , and around it be the tatter of a abandoned commercial neighborhood . they each walk several foot away from the entrance , then stand and , in a mental sense , catch they breath -- hart all this trouble . this be real personal . cohle no . not personal . the enactment be the thing . not the victim . hart you know this how ? cohle this be not a opportunity kill . it 's a fetish enactment . in a way , it 's almost impersonal -- cohle and hart start walk back to they car , pass a small strip of store with broken window , cardboard patch , kudzu and ivy grow wildly all over everything , high grass break through the sidewalk -- cohle ( cont ’d ) ( xe neighborhood ) it 's like walk in somebody 's memory of a real town . and the memory 's fade . and it turn out there be really never anything there but jungle . hart stop walk -- cohle ( cont ’d ) what ? hart I want you to stop say shit like that . it 's unprofessional . cohle you want I to be someone else ? 37 . hart I want you to stop say odd shit . like you sense a ' psycho-field 's , or whatever . or that you be walk in somebody 's memory . cohle well , marty , give how long it 's take I to understand and reconcile my own nature , I can not hardly imagine I have forgo it on you account . the two man stare at each other , the potential for violence hum in the air , place there by the horror they just tour . that be , unable to discuss feeling , both man veer toward anger -- then , as if remember they actual purpose , they deflate . they reach the car and open the door -- hart you get any sleep last night ? cohle I do not sleep . I just dream . they get in -- int . interrogation room - day back to 2010 , Martin hart address we across the table - hart that dinner ? what I start to - yeah . that be later ... well , I think the flower be funny . I guess he have read somewhere you should bring flower when somebody invite you to dinner . he pause , remember , almost annoyed -- hart ( cont ’d ) I tell he to bring wine . and he have tell I he do not drink . show up in that condition . ext . back deck , hart home - night continuing the open dinner scene . hart and cohle now stand on hart 's back deck , hart drink a beer and cohle smoke , hold a cop of coffee . 38 . we can see inside through the door , into the kitchen , where hart 's wife maggie and he two girl set the table - hart what the hell ? I invite you over to dinner . once . you can barely stand up . you do not drink with I or demma or lutz after work . but you gotta get a load on before you visit my family ? cohle shake he head , slug coffee and suck a cigarette like it contain a antidote , he voice a little slur -- cohle it be not like that , marty . I do not mean to ... I do not drink ... because it 's give I problem before . yeah ? nothing we need to discuss . I do not mean to have so many . hart wait further explanation , still insulted - cohle ( cont ’d ) I be check on a CI . she be late and I end up hang around a bar for a hour . I be sit there and could not really think of a good reason not to have one . usually I can . hart look he over . he slap cohle 's shoulder , relieved at this show of fallible humanity from cohle -- hart . do not worry about it . have some more coffee . try to make ten minute of conversation . I will call Chris or somebody and have they call up here for you . say one of you old case catch a break . cohle I be sorry . hart forget it . we will do it another time . cohle put out he cigarette and hart let he walk in first . hart watch he with apprehension - 39 . int . hart home - night a short time later . dinner with the hart family , everyone at the table now , cohle still rumple , drink coffee and look at least a little more sober . macie and audrey pick they food while make face at one another . hart cut he steak quietly , let maggie carry the conversation - maggie I say , ' you life 's in this man 's hand ? be I wrong ? 's of course he should meet the family . hart you know it 's not that dramatic . ( to rust ) never use my gun . maggie ( to rust ) have you ? use you gun ? cohle pause , look at the table and the girl who have turn they attention to he -- cohle yeah . macie have you shot people ?! maggie macie - macie daddy 's never shot anybody . cohle that 's good . you do not want to have to shoot people . audrey but you have , huh ? a beat as cohle consider lie -- cohle yeah . maggie marty say you be from Louisiana ? 40 . cohle Southwest Louisiana . yeah . but I 's work in Texas too , before here . maggie what kind of work ? cohle narcotics , mostly . I be on robbery squad in baton rouge till ' 85 . at the word ' narcotic 's , hart 's eye jump to cohle 's arm , where he roll sleeve depict the edge of he flame and dice tattoo . in the house , the phone ring -- hart I will get it . keep eat . he rise -- int . bedroom , hart house - night hart stand beside he and maggie 's bed , talk on a phone that rest on a nightstand -- hart ( into phone ) thanks for call . he 'il appreciate it ... then I appreciate it . hart set the phone on a pillow . follow as he walk down the short hallway , back to the dining area adjoin the kitchen . he pause a moment , as he see maggie and cohle talk between one another , with lower voice -- as he approach , he can hear cohle 's hushed voice - cohle ( to maggie ) -- in the street . we do not last long after that . transferred to narco . 24 / 7 . when hart reach the table , cohle stop talk , and hart see that he eye be a little wet -- hart Chris demma 's on the phone for you . something about one of you open . cohle nod , excuse himself and walk to the back bedroom -- hart notice that maggie seem newly quiet , suddenly sad -- 41 . hart ( cont ’d ) what be that ? what be you talk about ? maggie how he get here . marty , what do you know about he ? hart not much . could be a good detective . he 's run with the new one . she dab she eye with she napkin , emotionally affect by something -- maggie you notice how he look like he lose he wife , he dog , and he best friend all on the same day ? hart shrug -- maggie ( cont ’d ) you ever ask he about that ? hart baby , trust I . you do not want to pick this guy 's brain . cohle re-appear , and they both turn abruptly . hart ( cont ’d ) ( be phone call ) you need to go ? cohle Nah . it 's nothing can not wait . hart be slightly take aback . cohle 's not go through with the escape plan , but instead sit back down to finish he meal -- maggie you be say , rust ? about the marriage ? cohle aw , you know , we can find something nicer to talk about . marty - I see you tie table . you fly-fish ? hart Little bit . 42 . marty do not respond further , bother , shovel food in he mouth -- int . interrogation room - day Martin hart , 56 -- hart I do not know why I resent it . maybe I do not like that he stay , when he could have leave in all politeness . or I resent that maggie be get he to talk so much . some point of recollection catch he , and he digress slightly -- int . hart home - night at the dinner table , hart eat in silence while cohle and maggie talk and the girl laugh with one another . the only dialogue hart 's 2010 v.0o .-- hart ( v.o. ) she do love to talk . love sit around a table , gab . everybody in she family do . I be not much for that . never have be , but especially when I be off work ... cohle say something and maggie laugh -- hart ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) one of that consequence of the job , huh ? silence , monotony . this be the friend of my home . int . interrogation room - day Martin hart , 56 -- hart so why be I tell you about dinner ? we oughta talk about dora Lange . yeah ?.. we stay on Martin hart 's face as it suspiciously study the camera -- 43. int . incident room , cid hq , arkansas - day hart and cohle stand in front a room of ten other detective , with lt . quesada stand to they right , a large dry -erase board between they . squad debrief -- quesada hold up a copy of the arkansas democrat -gazette . its headline : angel murdered in pine of benton -- cohle have tack on the board several of the m.e.x photo from the scene . hart write the name dora lange across the top of the board -- cohle she look like a angel to any of you guy ? no one answer , but they eye-fuck cohle enough that he step back -- hart ( be board ) this be what we have right now . the detective listen -- int . interrogation room - day Martin hart , 56 , speak in response to he interviewer -- hart I ? I join in ' 75 , when I 's 24 . BA in criminal justice from U of ark . one semester of law school . he look over he big knuckle , he college ring -- hart ( cont ’d ) be not for I . desk . I be always a athlete , see , and I think that 's key to something . like it have to do with the need to not be stable . same sort of thing maybe make someone right for certain sport . that urge to run out front . reflecting , he shrug , not really caring to analyze himself too deeply -- hart ( cont ’d ) I want action . I want to be there , at the place behind we life . I want to walk past the yellow tape ... and to protect . ( more ) 44 , hart ( cont ’d ) do good . same stuff that lead to I open up the agency after I take my pension . why I doubt I 'il ever stop . almost congratulate himself -- hart ( cont ’d ) I just need to be out there . make move . digging ... it 's what rust call ' the narcotic of know . a long pause , where it appear hart be receive a question - hart ( cont ’d ) met Margaret my senior year . she be a freshman . eighteen and straight off the tree . small , with freckle skin . a big pile of thick , black hair . Green eye . irish . this ass . tit like softball . i’1l say it . we should celebrate that memory , if we get they , yeah ? his tone drop a little -- hart ( cont ’d ) get difficult to remember she like that , like back then . I think audrey or macie would look like she as they grow , but they look like I . I do not even have picture of maggie from back then ... burn they all one night . shit - hammer . wish I have not do that , now . he straighten , dispel the nostalgia and speak directly -- hart ( cont ’d ) anyway - we be marry for twenty - five year . and for the last fourteen I work with rust cohle . I mean , that long a time , a relationship become lot of different thing . different incarnation ... rust change a lot , back and forth . we both do . and yeah , we leave it bad . but , you know , I can say this : he be a great detective . thing I see rust do -- a beat . oddly , he grin -- hart ( cont ’d ) look . I try not to hold grudge ... I believe that kind of think can lead to cancer . int . incident room , cid hq , arkansas - day the long briefing obviously end , hart be give 45 . assignment to the detective who be not otherwise occupy . as he say they name , they move out . notice who 's - who among they . while he talk , cohle hand out flyer with dora 's old mug shot and a list of she know associate -- hart lutz and farvre , get you to do the hooker question . lutz and farvre groan -- hart ( cont ’d ) demma , geraci , if you guy can talk to old neighbor , the former landlord ... emmett , will , you guy can free-float , work you cis , take she flyer around to the truck stop , prost roust . visit with the Springfield cop who bust she in ' 87 . thompson ( emmett ) sure you guy get enough to do ? cohle I put some trooper check northwest crime report for flash , fetish burglary . anything with a lust component , go back ten year . you want that ? Thompson 's silent , resentful - hart we be go to start with she ex - husband . pine bluff State Pen . we be handle she mom and ex , but find some kas . everybody check back at five , yeah ? you get anything , put in on the board . the detective disperse . quesada nod approvingly to hart , ignore cohle , and walk to he office -- 46 . cohle ready ? hart ( be lieutenant ) what be that about ? with quesada , yesterday ? cohle nothing . the State Attorney just think I have flex . which I do not . come on , let 's hit it . hart follow cohle to the exit , suspicious and further unsure of he partner -- ext . arkansas hwy - day the unmark cid car travel southeast along I - 40 , travel through foothills , forest , lake , natural beauty , all frost with the last vestige of a clingy winter . notice rise above the tree , the enormous fusion tower of arkansas nuclear one , a nuclear plant in the middle of otherwise picturesque surroundings . the car seem to take forever to pass the structure , it 's so immense -- cohle so ... dinner next week ? hart ... yeah . more silence , as the shadow of the nuke tower pass -- cohle ( be nuke plant ) how many of that thing you think the Russians get ? hart I do not know . cohle I oughta look that up . hart , tenser , remain silent , and we be remind that we be barely out of the cold war at this point . cohle stare out the window -- the car pass a little girl stand by the side of the road . she wave to the man -- cohle ( cont ’d ) you believe in ghost ? 47 . hart that 's it . stop. just stop . please . please do not talk anymore . till we get there . turn on the radio or something . it 's yours . cohle do not react to this , do not even turn from the window -- hart ( cont ’d ) why have you ask that ? cohle no reason . cohle keep stare out the window as the car accelerate out of frame -- ext . pine bluff penitentiary - afternoon establishing - a impose , concrete prison , its wall flat and forbode , a fortress . follow the detective 's car as the gate part for it , and it seem diminish against the high wall and battlement -- angle on cohle and hart exite the car , look up at the MAIN prison in such a way that it seem impossibly large , and they pause , as if stand before they own future . then they start walk toward it -- int . pine bluff penitentiary - afternoon a visiting room , guard post by the door . cohle and hart sit at a table , across from which be charlie lange , head shave , in orange prison jumpsuit , aryan tattoos curling up beyond he sleeve and neckline . he 's thin , hollow - eye -- hart we want to talk about you ex-wife . dora . Lange be put -off by the topic -- lange man , what she say I do now ? can not get ' way from the bitch fer nothing . cohle you know what she 's up to nowadays ? where 's she live ? 48 . lange nope . she get the papers push through when they lock I in here . ai not hear from she . prolly smoking pole for rent . as they talk , the detective scrutinize Lange 's face for any cue or obfuscation . notice the visual echoe of hart and cohle 's own interrogation , twenty year later -- cohle she get any drug habit , you know of ? lange have a couple . last I see . hart how have you two meet ? lange grew up in the same part , do not we ? mena . dropped out high school together . hitched up . hart what happen ? lange man , what always happen ? Men and woman , yeah ? you want a wife but only ' bout half the time . cohle I hear you , Charlie . let I ask you something . if you be tell we you have not talk to dora since the divorce , why do prison phone record show a different story ? a gutsy bluff on cohle 's part , have read something in Lange 's bear , and now he 's unsettle -- lange uh. that 's right . talk to she a little bit a couple week back . I 's try to get she to float I some scratch . my store be empty . hart what do she say ? 49 . lange I do not know . she be not no help . sounded blotto . nonsense jabber ... man , y'all axing I a lot of question . what I get ? hart a healthy endorsement to the parole board . lange ai not worth a snitch jacket . cohle who you snitching on ? lange appearance , brah . cohle give I a break . this be pine bluff . it 's a goddamn day camp . spend some time in angola . or huntsville . I be surprised they even get aryan nation in here . hart where be she stay , when you call she ? lange have a number for she friend , carla . carla get she to call I back . hart take out a small notepad and pen -- hart carla 's full name and phone number . he pass the pad to Lange , who write awkwardly , slide it back -- lange do not know she full name . Works at the conoco . cohle you say dora be talk nonsense or something ? lange uh , yeah . just stupid shit . do not even make sense . piss I off . ( more ) 50 . lange ( cont 'd ) like , how I be gonna talk to you , you this in the bag ? right ? cohle what do she say . seriously . lange uh , shit . crank talk , like . talk she would be save and she want I to be save . Said some ... slur . I do not know . it do not make sense . cohle and hart glance at one another -- cohle let I ask you this . you know where she mama life ? she still in Rogers ? lange Far as I know . cohle you get a phone number ? lange miss bernie do not use no phone . cohle where 's she live , in Rogers ? lange sycamore Street . less she die . say , look - what would dori do ? she in trouble ? girl could use a stay in here , ask I . cohle in ' 87 , she 's bust for solicit . lange get throw out . acquitted . cohle you pimp for she , Charlie ? Charlie be proud when he lie -- lange naw , man . 51 . cohle you run scam together , yeah ? what else two head gonna do ? hart try this . be she still trick , far as you know ? lange maybe . I do not know . listen . couple week ago 's the first time I talk to she in more 'o a year . and she 's go batshit . all I know ... what 's up y’all ? what have she do ? hart and cohle look at Lange , whose expression say he 's start to figure out why they be here -- Lange begin to sink into the realization -- int . interrogation room - day rustin cohle , 51 , look like he 's ready to leave , in the middle of speak to he interviewer -- cohle - why not ? this be not official . you all ask to pick my brain . this be not evidence . you ever work a room ? you ever buy a suspect a cheeseburger and coke ? he pause for a answer , indicate he 's look between two people -- cohle ( cont ’d ) great . take five buck and have somebody go out and grab I a six - pack . pabst or Lone Star 's fine . nothing fancy . another pause as he receive a question -- cohle ( cont ’d ) because it 's Thursday and it 's past noon . Thursday 's one of my off - day . on my off - day I start drink at noon . he look very serious , and as though this be a life - and - death matter -- jump CUT : as though on a badly - splice video - 52 . int . interrogation room - day a few minute later . cohle have a six - pack of pabst in front of he , along with he ash - mug and cigarettes . he pop a can and guzzle half of it with relish . light a cigarette -- cohle thank you , boy . thank you ... now maybe we can get to brass tack . Cause I know why I be here . he sit back a little , drag on the cigarette -- cohle ( cont ’d ) it 's start again , have not it ? the kill . him . and how can that be possible , when we get the bastard in 2000 ? he sip the beer , smoke -- cohle ( cont ’d ) how indeed , gentleman . how indeed . close in on cohle 's eye , haunt , intense , as he drink , hit he cigarette , stare into the camera -- black . the end