trumbo written by John McNamara base on the biography by Bruce cook trumbo production , LLC published draft trumbo a black screen as white word fade up in silence -- later , you might ask , '' wait , that really happen ? '' a beat , then -- it really happen . a longer beat , then -- and it mostly happen like this ... CUT to : ext . lazy-t ranch - 1947 - dawn alone in a vast , serrate mountain range a hundred mile north of Los Angeles , it look from the outside like a rustic sprawl . the day be a gold sliver in a navy sky . int . lazy-t ranch - bathroom - dawn writer dalton trumbo , 41 , debonair , heartfelt and combative , be naked in a tub , he copyholder on a wood plank as the steam rise . int . lazy-t ranch - trumbo 's study - dawn like the whole home , beautifully appoint . trumbo , kindle cigarette in its holder , attack the key of a typewriter on he desk , the fastest two - finger typist ever as we -- quickly CUT around he office , take in : - the american bookseller National Book Award for he novel , johnny get his gun . - the poster for he movie , thirty second over Tokyo . - his oscar nomination for the screenplay of Kitty foyle . tight on trumboss typewriter as the inky letter chop movie dialogue across the white paper , trumbo write like a boxer work a speed bag -- manny : what do you want ? ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 2 . continued : more quick pop - to shelve and tabletops thick with frame photo of : - trumbo with katharine hepburn at a United refugee Committee dinner . - trumbo as a World War ii correspondent in he dress uniform , board a plane . - trumbo in muddy fatigue , among batter soldier on a battle - scar beach in the South Pacific . back to a tight close - up of trumbo 's writing word racing across the page : what we all want . atop he desk - framed family picture in they , we see both trumbo 's furious peck reflect on glass , animatedly overlay still under glass of : - trumbo 's wife cleo in a stun portrait . - trumbo and cleo with they three child , blow out niki 's eighth birthday cake . back to trumbo at the typewriter lemony morning light now paint the window . trumbo write : to not die young , poor ... and now we hear -- edward G. robinson ( pre - lap ) what do you want ? what we all want . to not die young , poor ... -- as the final word of trumbo 's speech strike paper -- -..or alone . -- trumbo slap the return and in a white blur we be now -- int . a new york alley ( mgm soundstage ) - night edward G. robinson +..or alone . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 3 . continued : edward G. robinson -- a charismatic , stocky man of 53 , both assertive and refine -- play '' manny , '' step from a sedan , move toward a support player as '' rocco , '' on he knee , bloody lip , tear jacket . '' rocco '' manny , this guy ... I do not give ‘em what they be after , they will kill I . edward G. robinson / '' manny '' hold it , rocco . '' manny '' take out he revolver -- and aim it at '' rocco , '' who freeze as he stand . edward G. robinson / '' manny '' ( cont ’d ) if we do not fight this guy , sure , maybe you -- as '' manny '' gesture with the gun , its cylinder dislodge from the barrel -- and several bullet fly out and comically clatter to the stage floor at Robinson 's foot . edward G. robinson / '' manny '' ( cont ’d ) shit . the director be out of he chair and on he foot -- SAM wood , early 60 , sharp , authoritative . SAM wood cut! goin 's again , Eddie . a bell sound . the crew rustle in the shadow . edward G. robinson sorry , Sam . sorry , everybody . of course , the one day the author 's among we . trumbo sit nearby , in a bespoke suit , calmly smoking . Robinson settles in a canvas chair with he name on the back . SAM wood ( as he glide past to talk to the cameraman ) '' among we . '' sure be not one of we . edward G. robinson ( keep it light ) what 's the brilliant line , trumbo ? ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 4 . continued : ( 2 ) dalton trumbo '' if we do not fight this guy , sure , maybe you get that long , happy life we all want . '' edward G. robinson then what be it you have get I fight for again ? dalton trumbo '' peace on Earth , good will toward man . '' nearby , Wood snort . yeah , right . edward G. robinson you can not do that , this be America . dalton trumbo how about sex and money ? edward G. robinson there you go , two thing we all love . none of you little sermon on citizenship . ext . a beverly hill mansion - backyard - night a flat half - acre dominate by a massive pool that glow with a hundred float candle . a party where : - men be in black tie , women in gowns , everyone smoke , everyone drink . different time , different world . - there 's music from a live big band . voice overlap and compete as we snag snippet : partygoer 1 '' , .- I do not love it but Zanuck do ... '' partygoer 2 '' , .. make the Indians the good guy , that 's the twist ... '' partygoer 3 '' now the actor want to go on strike . who 's next ? lassie ? '' cleo trumbo , 30 , hover at the edge of a group of women about she age . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 5 . continued : she 's beautiful , observant , sensitive , often silent , as she be here , excuse herself with a warm smile to look for someone at the party , pass by -- a group of men . louder , more boisterous . within that group , Edward G. Robinson . edward G. robinson ( in mid-sentence ) .+. still do reshoot , what else ? luckily , mayer line up the a team , Sam Wood to shoot , dalton trumbo for rewrite , so , finger cross ... from across the lawn , two male voice suddenly rise , so we hear before we see : SAM wood ( 0.s. ) ... desus , trumbo , a goddamn six - month strike , for what ? dalton trumbo ( 0.s. ) ( dryly ) well , I think ... money . cleo trumbo turn to that second voice with minor dread and as she do , she and Robinson clock one another with the same think : Jesus , here we go ... as they both zero in on : director Sam Wood , more than a little drunk . SAM wood laugh it up . I have no crew ! I could not work -- ( shouting at trumbo ) -- you would not work , God forbid you cross a picket line . for set builder . what do set builder have to do with write ? dalton trumbo what writer write , builder build . what they build , you film . you make all the money you possibly can , so do I , why should not they ? and why can not we help they ? in the long run , it 's better for everyone - ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 6 . continued : ( 2 ) SAM wood -- say the swim Pool Soviet . dalton trumbo ( calmly ) Sam . you win . the strike 's over , the union 's history . we have all go back to be good little worker bee make sweet movie honey and you -- ( now , just a little sharp ) -- might just try be a gracious winner . that last come with a gentle poke into Wood 's lapel from trumbo 's finger , which hold he cigarette . Wood do not appreciate the jab or the accompany smoke in he face . SAM wood it 's never over with you people -- strike , after strike , after strike ! Wood be shout now . among the guest : head turn ... smile falter ... conversation stop . SAM wood ( cont 'd ) y'know what ? I be go on strike -- against people who go on strike ! dalton trumbo and I will not cross you picket line , either . Wood might just shove trumbo now , he 's so angry , but -- -- suddenly , Robinson be there to get Wood 's arm in a friendly grasp . edward G. robinson ( with jovial aplomb ) Sam , Sam , Sam , we have get to talk about that scene tomorrow , disaster , who the hell write that crap ? ( a wink at trumbo , steering Wood away ) but first , may I have this dance ...? at the same time , cleo take she husband 's hand and move he in the opposite direction . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 7 . continued : ( 3 ) cleo have fun ? dalton trumbo eternally . they kiss and move to the bar , pass -- -- a tall , broad man of 39 who eye trumbo the way a western sheriff would a gunfighter . we do not know it yet , but : this be JOHN wayne . and as he eye follow the trumbos , he meet the gaze of a woman . late middle year , trim , strike , grand yet folksy , always in a stylish hat . Wayne and she share a moment of silent understanding . we do not know it yet , but : this be hedda hopper . CUT to : int . los angele movie theatre 1 - night up on the movie screen - a newsreel actual black & white documentary footage of a wave winston churchill , grimly address a assembly : winston churchill ( on screen ) nobody know what Soviet Russia intend to do . a Iron curtain have descend across the continent . the newsreel cut to a cartoon map of Europe and Asia as a animated red Iron curtain drop , enclose Soviet Russia . newsreel narrator the front line in a new kind of war . a cold War ! shot of Russian military might : armie march , fighter launch , tank roll . newsreel narrator ( cont ’d ) the enemy -- Communists ! back to the cartoon map as the Iron curtain become a series of red tentacles -- newsreel narrator ( cont ’d ) they goal -- world domination ! ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 8 . continued : -- and that tentacles slither across Europe and Asia , head for the United States . reverse to reveal - the movie audience men in tie , women in dress , kide in they Sunday best . and among they we find dalton trumbo with he family : daughter niki , 8 , son CHRIS , 6 , cleo , and in she lap , they youngest , mitzi , 2 , all munch and sip movie treat , watch -- the newsreel as it cut to a shot of the Hollywood sign -- newsreel narrator ( cont ’d ) dateline : Hollywood . the office of former film starlet , now top columnist , hedda Hopper . -- then dissolves to a shot of a newspaper column under the aerodynamically lettere byline , hedda hopper 's hollywood . next to the text , hedda Hopper . as she begin to speak from inside she column : hedda hopper ( on screen ) ( to camera ) greeting from we film capital , where all be sun and fun . or be it ? CUT to a wide shot ( archival ) -- of well -known movie folk . group together a bit awkwardly in bright midday sun : hedda hopper ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) see the famous face here ? Danny kaye , humphrey bogart , he dishy bride , lauren bacall , they good friend , film director John Huston , and many other ... close -up ( archival ) of this famous face , plus a few less well -known . hedda hopper ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) ... all of whom have declare solidarity with film crew picketing for higher wage . in walk - out that quickly turn violent . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 9 . continued : ( 2 ) new shot ( archival ) - of peaceful strike outside film studio that indeed turn violent : police club the striker , attack dog maul , FIRE hose spray -- hedda hopper ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) because this strike be in fact the work of dangerous radical . a new close - up ( to be shot ) -- someone stand on a apple box , address a peaceful line of studio picketer : it 's dalton trumbo , he black & white face 40 foot high : dalton trumbo ( on screen ) .-- this be what anger and frighten the studio ! down in the theatre the trumbo family be silently stunne . trumbo 's own jaw slacken just a bit at the surreal sight of himself up on screen , then he quickly regains he composure . but he oldest child can not help herself -- niki dad , be that you ? he nod curtly , pat she arm and the tiny , color , real trumbo down here watch : the enormous black & white face of trumbo - up on screen deliver this searing union rallying cry to the assemble , among whom we glimpse a applauding Edward G. Robinson : dalton trumbo ( on screen ) we have discover where we true power lie ! Builders , cameramen , painter , driver , writer , actor , director ! we be a single , indivisible brotherhood of worker . bargain with a few of we , you bargain with all of we ! threaten one , you threaten we all and it 's war ! we be many but from this day forward -- we be one ! the picketer and Movie star up on screen begin to cheer trumbo as -- hedda hopper ( v.o . ) this be writer dalton trumbo . who be ... ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 10 . continued : ( 3 ) a new close - up of hedda Hopper in she office : hedda hopper ( on screen ) .-- like many of that striker -- and they supporter -- a register Communist . back to trumbo and niki as daughter look at father , surprised -- be that true ? trumbo do not meet she question gaze , just smoke and stoically take in : hedda hopper - up on screen dwarf he : hedda hopper ( on screen ) which be why we must know : who exactly be behind that walk - out ... and why ? the scene now cut to various congressmen , investigator and aide mount the stair of the U.S. Capitol . hedda hopper ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) we elect leader will find out . the camera singles out a bald , fifty - ish New jerseyite -- hedda hopper ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) Congressman J. parnell Thomas and he House un-american activity Committee . congressman thomas ( on screen ) communism be not some faraway threat ; its most dangerous agent be here , control the airwave and movie screen , take over its employee and they union . they need to be identify as the enemy they be . int . movie theatre - lobby - later that night the five trumbos stream out with the audience . when suddenly -- a young father with he kide hey , that you in the newsreel ...? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 11 . continued : dalton trumbo it be , yes -- the Father fling Coke into trumbo 's face , splatter he -- young father traitor -- -- terrifying cleo and the kid before take off . dalton trumbo ( drip , calm ) no harm do , everybody okay ? CUT to : ext . lazy-t ranch - corral - day Mountain , meadow and sky dwarf this fine spread . trumbo walk along the fence while niki ride a horse next to he . niki so , be you a Communist ? dalton trumbo I be . niki be it against the law ? dalton trumbo it be not . niki that lady with the big hat say you be a '' dangerous radical . '' be you ? dalton trumbo radical , maybe . dangerous , only to man who fling coke . niki you do not want to overthrow the government ? dalton trumbo no , we have a good government . but anything good can be better , do not you think ? niki be Mom a Communist ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 12 . continued : dalton trumbo no . niki be I ? dalton trumbo let 's give you the official test . Mom pack you favorite lunch ... niki salami . dalton trumbo .».. and you see someone at school with no lunch -- what do you do ? niki share ? dalton trumbo you do not tell they to get a job ? niki ( aware she 's be tease ) no . dalton trumbo offer a loan at six percent ? niki dad . dalton trumbo then just ignore they . niki no. he study he oldest daughter with great affection . dalton trumbo well , well . you little commie . int . edward G. robinson 's mansion - live room - night elegant , tasteful , its wall glow colorfully with : six spotlit french impressionist painting . seat under a renoir , trumbo be debate with Robinson and a small gather of director , producer , actor and writer . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 13 . continued : edward G. robinson trumbo , as usual , you only make sense to you . let ‘em call you a Communist , I a Democrat -- both legitimate party , yours be just meaner and duller but nothing illegal about any of it . dalton trumbo yet . edward G. robinson Hunter , tell you friend to dial down the paranoia and have a drink . this to screenwriter ian mclellan hunter , 32 , quick mind , sad eye , sharp wit , always puffing on a pipe : ian mclellan hunter I do not think he 's be paranoid enough . edward G. robinson not you , too . trumbo pull several booklet of mimeoed paper from a valise . dalton trumbo I have draw up a little pamphlet . ( pass they out ) subject : '' Congress unaware of Little thing call first amendment . '' arlen hird ( 0.s. ) they be aware ... everyone turn to the man say : arlen hird ( cont 'd ) ... they just do not give a shit . arlen hird be 40s , caustic , dyspeptic ; the butler offer he a canape , which he wave off -- arlen hird ( cont 'd ) all they care about be this nice , new war of theirs -- this guy love war -- and this be a great one , scary , vague and expensive . anybody for it 's a hero , anybody against it 's a traitor . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 14 . continued : ( 2 ) dalton trumbo and anybody who think it 's about movie be a idiot . which be why I be go to go have a chat with the other side . ian mclellan hunter you do not mean the Alliance . dalton trumbo I do . a chorus of disbely moan and startle laugh . edward G. robinson be you out of you mind -- ? dalton trumbo they be actor , writer , director , just like we -- edward G. robinson they're Nazis , they be just too cheap to buy the uniform -- ian mclellan hunter they invite Congress out here -- dalton trumbo ( to the room at large ) and be they all Sam Wood and hedda Hopper ? let 's not demonize people we do not really know . arlen hird go for it . be fun . ' Cause ya know who you be gonna be talkin’ to ? JOHN wayne ( pre - lap ) I wanna say one thing about a place I love . no , not Hollywood ... and we reveal we 're -- int . hollywood roosevelt HOTEL - banquet room - night JOHN wayne .+. I like Hollywood ... alone on stage , John Wayne , six - foot , four inch of bass - voice movie icon . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 15 . continued : JOHN wayne ( cont ’d ) -.- but I love America ! as we reveal a sign near the stage announce this be : the motion picture alliance for the preservation of american ideal we see the huge crowd of movie pro , from below - the-line crew to above - the-line star , all cheering and applauding Wayne . JOHN wayne ( cont ’d ) and when we talk about America I be talk about freedom ! the kinda freedom we just fight a world war to save ! you wanna be a commie , go be a commie ... but some friend of mine in Washington think you get some question to answer ! at the back of the room trumbo , hird , Hunter and Edward G. Robinson all stand , study Wayne , awed and disturb by he power . ian mclellan hunter I never know he be this good . edward G. robinson ' Cause he 's not act , that 's he . up on stage Wayne 's voice rise with the mob 's cheer . JOHN wayne still wanna be a commie ? be a commie ! in Russia ! but off ya go 'ot enjoy the bolshoi ballet ! int . hollywood roosevelt HOTEL - lobby - later that night trumbo , hird , Robinson and Hunter offer copy of trumbo 's pamphlet to that who ignore or shoot they dirty look . or put on they hat and throw smug smile . include -- SAM wood ( as he accept a pamphlet ) do svidaniya . Russian for '' goodbye , '' as he tear it to shred . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 16 . continued : edward G. robinson this ? be a nightmare . ian mclellan hunter if it be , I would be in bed . a elegantly turn out , in - the-flesh hedda Hopper approach . hedda hopper hello , dalton . dalton trumbo hedda , here you be , of course . good evening to you . hedda hopper Eddie , darling . edward G. robinson hedda . New hat ? hedda hopper Daily , dear , daily . ( to trumbo ) be to the movie lately ? ( before he can answer ) Duke ! John Wayne have cross the room with iatse Union leader roy brewer , 40 , jowly , jovial and shrewd . hedda hopper ( cont 'd ) be not he ? mag. nificent . JOHN wayne just sayin 's what need sayin’ . ( then ) hiya , Eddie . edward G. robinson Duke . JOHN wayne hear you and 's you pal get a '' pamphlet . '' any taker ? edward G. robinson not yet ... ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 17 . continued : ( 2 ) arlen hird ( offer one to Wayne ) would you like one ? we be Communists . edward G. robinson ( shrug ) he 's a writer . JOHN wayne ( to Robinson ) ya will not get any taker . not here . dalton trumbo why not ? Wayne now turn and regards a affable trumbo . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) all it say be , Congress have no right to investigate how we vote , where we pray , what we think , say or make movie about . ( hold out the pamphlet ) hello , I be dalton trumbo . JOHN wayne ( take the pamphlet ) Congress have the right to go after anything they think be a threat . dalton trumbo we disagree . that 's the point -- we both have the right to be wrong . a loose , curious group have begin to gather , sense trouble . JOHN wayne you wanna talk about rights , first show I whose side you be on . Russia 's no friend , not anymore . you better wake up . ( then ) ' Cause it 's a new day . a new day . dalton trumbo and ? JOHN wayne maybe it 's not for you kind . dalton trumbo my kind , what kind be that ? ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 18 . continued : ( 3 ) JOHN wayne kind that have no idea why we just win a war . Wayne crumple trumbo 's pamphlet , toss it and start off . dalton trumbo that 's the second time you have bring that up . I be a war correspondent in Okinawa -- ( to hedda now ) -- you son be station in the Philippines -- ( be : Robinson ) -- Eddie be in Europe with the Office of War information -- ( back to Wayne ) -- where have you serve again ? JOHN wayne ( stop , turn ) you tryin' to say something ? edward G. robinson no , Duke , he be not -- hedda hopper stay out of it , Eddie -- dalton trumbo ( right in Wayne 's face ) if you be gonna talk about World War two like you personally win it , let 's be clear where you be station -- on a film set , shoot blank , wear makeup and if you be go to hit I , I would like to take my glass off . Wayne could belt he but camera flashbulb pop . roy brewer Duke , let 's get outta here ... he urge the apoplectic Wayne to a doorway . hedda hopper thank you , dalton . my next column just write itself . she exit . Robinson , hird and Hunter just stare at trumbo . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 19 . continued : ( 4 ) arlen hird ( happy as a clam ) that be ... I do not even know what to ... ian mclellan hunter yes , good thing you do not want to demonize anybody or that could have be awkward . ext . mgm studio —- day walk with Robinson , trumbo cross the gleam , busy dream factory at the height of its productivity , stop at a newsstand to buy cigarettes and be confront by a strange and awful sight : the face of hedda Hopper on the July 28 , 1947 cover of time magazine , the copy all hang in a line , create two dozen identical heddas . trumbo be quietly amused , Robinson slightly horrify . edward G. robinson good god. ( reach for a copy ) trumbo , you pick you enemy the way you live -- only the best will do . int . mgm studio - louis B. mayer 's office - day louis B. mayer , 60 , warm -heart , cold - blooded studio president , beam affectionately at trumbo . louis B. mayer you next deal 's gonna make you the high - pay writer in Hollywood , which '' 1l make you the high - pay writer in the world . buddy ross , early 30 , a young , go - getter producer , sit off to the side , eye darting anxiously between the studio president and the writer . louis B. mayer ( cont 'd ) you earn it . you do not just write happy ending , you actually believe they . buddy ross that 's what the people pay to see , that 's why you belong here at mgm , right , l.b . ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 20 . continued : dalton trumbo look , I hate to make the woo too easy for you but : where do I sign ? louis B. mayer just one thing . if you be go to work for I ... ( unfold a newspaper ) ... I never , ever want to see anything like this ... hedda hopper 's hollywood column : a photo of dalton trumbo under the headline , '' our own red menace . '' louis B. mayer ( cont 'd ) ..- again . trumbo and mayer lock eye . buddy be freeze silent . dalton trumbo you will not . I promise . mayer nod , satisfied . buddy could kiss trumbo . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) just stop read hedda Hopper . off mayer 's fury and buddy 's panic -- ext . lazy-t ranch - terrace - day overlook they lake . trumbo stand at a hot grill , flipping filet of trout , hold court for he family ; Hunter , he wife and child ; Robinson and he wife ; buddy Ross and a glamorous ingenue girlfriend . niki ( to cleo ) Mom , please ...? cleo ( to niki ) not now , honey . edward G. robinson so what would l.b. say then ? buddy ross Jesus , do not , I have not eat since . my job 's not hard enough ? dalton trumbo you job 's not hard at all . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 21 . continued : buddy ross you think get mayer to sign you after that headline be easy ? you have a record - break , three - year contract -- to make shit up . you be welcome . CHRIS c'mon , Mom ! ext . a narrow dirt road - day a solitary black sedan churn up a plume of dust . ext . lazy-t ranch - terrace - day trumbo and the other adult laugh and drink away a dazzle summer afternoon . niki ( to Robinson ) she really can ! ask she ! ian mclellan hunter ( chuckle ) cleo ? be this true ? cleo I ... have a very unusual mother . dalton trumbo which mean '' stage mother . '' he pick up a glass , a twinkle in he eye . cleo ( know what 's come , laugh , embarrassed ) trumbo , no ... he hand niki the glass , who toss it to cleo , which she catch easily , then another , which she catch in she other hand , beginning to lightly juggle the two , cause the child to finally squeal with delight as -- ext . another dirt road - day -- that black sedan take a gravel - pop turn and -- trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 22 . ext . lazy-t ranch - terrace - day -- Robinson and he wife stare in amazement , watch cleo expertly juggle two glass , flipping and catch one behind she back as trumbo beam . dalton trumbo the misspent youth of a child acrobat . edward G. robinson my God , how long be you in show business ? cleo ( juggling away ) till I be 15 . and it be more '' show -forced -labor . '' niki toss she mother a third glass , which cleo catch , now pinwheel all three easily . niki she never drop one , ever . cleo Mom have a little say . '' Drop it , you lose you next meal . '' dalton trumbo ( to Robinson ) and '' Mom '' be not kid . woman be a dickensian harridan . cleo ( laugh ) no one even know what that mean . ext . lazy-t ranch - driveway - day the black sedan close in -- ext . lazy-t ranch - terrace - day -- as cleo do over - hand grab , then switch to a circular pattern , the spool of tumbler catch sunlight in dazzle prism . and through cleo 's glassy whirl of color - we see that sedan pull to a stop and trumbo see three men in suit get out . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 23 . ext . lazy-t ranch - driveway - a few moment later family and friend watch , trumbo greet the three man , among whom we recognize : huac investigator Robert striple . stripling Mr. dalton trumbo ? striple hand trumbo a pink document . int . U.S. capitol - rotunda - day Congressman J. parnell Thomas stand before reporter : congressman thomas nineteen subpoena have be issue to that we believe have knowledge of the ongoing Communist threat in Hollywood . this announcement be greet with a resounding ... pause . reporter 1 uh , what kind of threat be that ? congressman thomas a conspiracy to corrupt democratic value and bring about the overthrow of this nation . reporter 2 use ... movie . the chuckling Reporters clearly think this be horseshit . reporter 1 any movie in particular or ...? congressman thomas ( cut he off ) movie be the most powerful form of influence ever create and they be infest with hide traitor who will be drag into the light , for all to see and all to judge . CUT to : hedda hopper 's hollywood newsreel her talk face again appear alongside she column . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 24 . continued : hedda hopper ( to camera ) we travel now ... CUT to : ext. / int . U.S. capitol - various shot - day - the hearing and actual newsreel footage in black & white of the Capitol pack with politician , executive and star . hedda hopper ( v.o. ) .-.to Washington , D.C. , where battle line be draw . on one side , Communist subversive . on the other , studio head , labor leader and some of we brightest star . and in actual footage from he testimony that day , ronald reagan , 36 , handsome and measure , cooperate with Robert striple before a packed house . stripling you profession , Mr. Reagan ? ronald reagan motion picture actor . stripling and you be currently the president of the screen actor Guild ? ronald reagan yes , sir . stripling have it be report to you that certain member of the guild be Communists ? ronald reagan yes , sir , I have hear different discussion of some of they as Communists . jump CUT to : more actual news footage -- congressman richard M. nixon ( R - California ) , 34 . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 25 . continued : richard M. nixon do you believe that the motion picture industry be do everything it can to rid itself of subversive , un-american influence ? then answer , in testimony we recreate in match black & white -- roy brewer no ! the Communists be everywhere ! they report directly to Moscow ! then -- SAM wood enough be enough ! the Communists have to go ! dalton trumbo ( pre - lap ) what we be about to do ... CUT to : int . lazy-t ranch - live room - day - before the hearing dalton trumbo ... will not make we too popular . trumbo lead a small strategy session with Robert Kenny , arlen hird and a half -dozen of the subpoenaed 19 and -- -- niki , in a corner , quietly take everything in . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) we support 's not only go to vanish , we be go to get attack by we own . arlen hird okay , we get slander , then what ? ROBERT kenny you testify and answer every question they ask , in you own way . arlen hird so do not tell ‘em shit . dalton trumbo beautifully put . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 26 . continued : in she corner , niki smile . CUT to : int . U.S. capitol - day - the hearing hedda hopper ( v.o . ) of the nineteen force to appear , only ten be call to the stand . the Hollywood nineteen wait to be call to testify . hedda hopper ( v.o. ) dubbed '' the Hollywood ten , '' they refuse to answer every question about they Communist tie . arlen hird ( pre - lap ) you know what that 's call ? back to : int . lazy-t ranch - live room - day - before the hearing dalton trumbo contempt of Congress . beat . the room be silent , niki transfix . then -- arlen hird maybe I be miss something , ' cause all I be seein 's here be jail . CUT to : int . U.S. capitol - caucus room - day - the hearing as trumbo be swear in , there 's a blinding camera flash and Congress , the crowd and trumbo all burst into full color -- stripling Mr. trumbo , I will ask various question , all of which can be answer yes or no . dalton trumbo I shall answer yes or no if I please to . many question can only be answer yes or no by a moron or a slave . as the caucus room flutter with disbelieving moan , supportive laughter and a few nasty boos , we find -- ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 27 . continued : cleo trumbo , in the gallery , serenely unsurprise by she husband 's insolence . back to : int . lazy-t ranch - live room - day - before the hearing ROBERT kenny no one can beat Congress in Congress . the only place to do that 's in court -- arlen hird -- in front of a judge who will probably hate commy and rule against we -- dalton trumbo -- in a lower court , yes , we will likely lose but on appeal ... ROBERT kenny ...- it will work . the Supreme Court be a five to four liberal majority . they think the Committee 's unconstitutional , they want it kill and we be gonna hand they the case to do it . arlen hird great . best of luck . I be out . and suddenly , hird be on he foot and go . CUT to : ext . lazy-t ranch - terrace / lake - day - before the hearing mitzi splashes in the water with Chris as cleo aim a large , professional camera at they and snap picture . arlen hird walk to a nearby tree , lean against it and stab a cigarette into he mouth . trumbo walk up . arlen hird ( sigh , beat ) look , I can not afford what you be talkin’ about ... Supreme Court , legal fee . my wife , it 's never be great , but I raid we savings for this ? she 's go , with both boy . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 28 . continued : dalton trumbo I will cover you . expense , travel , legal fee ... hird be shocked by trumbo 's casual generosity . arlen hird you do not even like I . dalton trumbo I like you fine , you do not like I . arlen hird also , I do not trust you . dalton trumbo I would say '' go on , '' but I be afraid you will . arlen hird look . I know what I be , okay ? I want this country to be a whole new ... everything . top to bottom . and if I get what I want ? nobody get they own lake . dalton trumbo seem a little grim . arlen hird for you , yeah . but not the guy who build all this ... ( the ranch , the lake ) .-. for you , they family , friend . which , remember , be kind of the point . they , not you . I mean , if I be wrong here , tell I , but ever since I have know you , you talk like a radical , live like a rich guy -- dalton trumbo true . arlen hird -- and 's I do not think if it get right down to it , you be willing to lose all this just to do what 's right . radical would , rich guy ? I do not think so . trumbo watch he family in the sparkling light of he lake . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 29 . continued : ( 2 ) dalton trumbo be I '' willing . '' hm . ( beat ) well . I hate martyr and will not fight a lose cause , so you be right , I be not willing to lose it all -- I be willing to risk it . that 's why be the radical and the rich guy be the perfect combination . the radical may fight with the purity of Jesus ... but the rich guy win with the cun of Satan . arlen hird y'know , the thing be , really ? you be wrong about almost everything and you never shut up . congressman thomas ( pre - lap ) no , no , no , no -- } CUT to : int . U.S. capitol - caucus room - day - the hearing still in glorious color that reveal the face of Congressman Thomas to be red as a blister as he pound he gavel -- congressman thomas -- no , no , no , no , no , no ! -- like a four year old throw a tantrum . congressman thomas ( cont ’d ) be you now or have you ever be a member of the Communist party ? dalton trumbo Mr. striple , may I read a statement ? stripling no . dalton trumbo May I present my write ? congressman thomas no . dalton trumbo May I -- ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 30 . continued : congressman thomas no , no , no ! answer the question ! stripling be you now or have you ever be a member of the Communist Party ? dalton trumbo have I be accuse of a crime ? if so , what be it and where be you evidence ? congressman thomas you be not ask the question ! dalton trumbo well , I be . stripling the witness will answer . dalton trumbo I see . and then what would you like ? my voting record , union membership , religion ? congressman thomas answer the question ! dalton trumbo you believe this Committee have the right to compel testimony , indict opinion -- congressman thomas typical Communist tactic ! dalton trumbo -- criminalize think -- but that right do not exist and the day it do , God help we all . CUT to : int . U.S. capitol - caucus room - day - the hearing -- arlen hird be now on the stand . congressman thomas be you now or have you ever be a member of the Communist party ? ( continued ) continued : trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 31 . arlen hird Congressman , first I need to call my doctor . congressman thomas you doctor ? I do not un -- arlen hird to see if he can surgically remove my conscience . explosive laughter no amount of gavelling by Thomas can stop . trumbo sit beside cleo in the gallery , delighted and surprised . and we hearing montage end . int . U.S. capitol - hallway - day trumbo and hird walk as hird begin to cough , can not stop . dalton trumbo what ? what be it ? arlen hird Cancer . dalton trumbo Jesus . how long have you know ? arlen hird couple month . dalton trumbo month ? be you be treat -- ? arlen hird I do not like the option . it 's lung cancer . bad if they operate , bad if they do not . dalton trumbo be there anything I can do ? arlen hird no ! no . it 's cancer , Jesus . ( then ) yes . make sure this fuckin’ plan of yours work . CUT to : trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 32 . a headline from november 24 , 1947 : the new york time : '' ’hollywood 10 's charge with contempt of congress '' under that , a group photo of the Hollywood ten , pushing in on the grainy face of hird and trumbo . int . mgm studio - louis B. mayer 's office - day other face , in frame photo on a wall : clark gable , judy garland , fred astaire , more . be study by hedda Hopper . mayer enter , see hedda be focus on a group photo with a row of silent star where , squeeze between ramon navarro and greta garbo , a young hedda stand alongside a boyish mayer . hedda hopper look at we . God , we think we know everything ... louis B. mayer we do . hedda hopper not I . ( then ) I do not know how much I love it all , till I hit a certain birthday and the part start drying up . I remember think , when you love something and it stop loving you back , what do you do ...? louis B. mayer you fight . hedda hopper that 's a man 's answer . ( he concede , wait ) you love it more . till it surrender . louis B. mayer well . you never leave mgm . or my heart . how 's you boy ? still in the navy ? hedda hopper first lieutenant . louis B. mayer you raise a real hero . ( continued ) continued : trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 33 . hedda hopper which be why I have like to tell he we be do as much for this country as he be . ( then ) be we ? louis B. mayer it 's complicated . trumbo , the other , all have contract ... hedda hopper you help build this business , so do I , we be not gonna watch this pissant defile it -- louis B. mayer I be run a studio here , you think I love every person on my payroll ? grow up . hedda hopper then how about I make crystal clear to my thirty - five million reader who run Hollywood and will not fire this traitor ? how about I name name , real name ? like yours , lazar meir ; or Jack Warner , Jacob varner ; Sam goldwyn , schmuel gelbfisz -- louis B. mayer you watch what you say to I -- hedda hopper no , you watch ! this be not 1920 ! I be not you starlet , you do not tell I what to do ! never , ever , ever , ever , ever again ! louis B. mayer enough , hedda -- hedda hopper forty year ago , you be starve in some shtetl , the great country on Earth take you in , give you wealth , power and the second we need you , you do nothing ! ( then ) just what my reader expect from a business run by kike . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 34 . continued : ( 2 ) louis B. mayer get out . she sit . take a cigarette out of she case . light it . she blow a wall of smoke between they . hedda hopper now listen , l.b. I be fond of you . some of my happiest year be spend on this lot . ( then ) not in you office , of course , you always try to fuck I on the couch , I maintain my virtue . barely . ( lightly ) but ... time change . now I 'il happily fuck you . CUT to : ext . mgm studio - louis B. mayer 's office - day Black & white newsreel , create by we , of mayer , flanke by all the other studio head , read a press statement to camera : louis B. mayer forthwith , all studio unanimously agree to discharge the Hollywood ten . without compensation . effective immediately . ( then ) further , no studio will ever employ a member of the Communist Party or anyone refuse to cooperate in we mighty struggle against this terrible new menace . int . hedda hopper 's office - day hedda read she copy into a large microphone . hedda hopper he 's be love by film fan for almost twenty year . but have you notice ? he have not be on -screen much lately . bad box office ? no. bad politics . bad news indeed . for Mr. Edward G. Robinson . int . edward G. robinson 's mansion - live room - day Robinson address a small group , many of whom would rather not be here . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 35 . continued : edward G. robinson the Hollywood ten 's go to court for all of we . it ’1ll be long , expensive . so please , give as much as you can to the defense fund . same scene - later the gather have thin . trumbo study Robinson 's impressionist painting . Robinson wander over with cleo . edward G. robinson this little gather do not quite have the zip and zing of yesteryear , do it ? cleo where be all the liberal all of a sudden ? dalton trumbo at they lawyer 's . or psychiatrist '. edward G. robinson likely both . anyway ... ( hand trumbo a check ) ... for the defense fund . dalton trumbo ( hesitates ) you work again ? edward G. robinson eh . it 's a little slow . ( to trumbo ) I will be fine , kid , take it . trumbo do , reluctantly , then : dalton trumbo you sell one . cleo look at the wall and see a discolor space . there be six painting ; now only five . edward G. robinson the renoir . I get a good price . trumbo be move beyond word -- a rare occurrence . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 36 . continued : dalton trumbo Eddie , I ... ( overcome ) --- well ... I ... cleo what he 's try to say be , he love you . edward G. robinson ( to cleo ) I love he , too , the warty son of a bitch . ( then , to trumbo ) oh and I get a great offer on the Monet , if you want to bribe the jury . int . this same WASHINGTON , D.C. courthouse - day later as the jury foreman read : jury foreman in the matter of the United States versus dalton trumbo ... trumbo stand at the bar , next to attorney Robert Kenny . jury foreman ( cont ’d ) ... we find the defendant guilty of contempt of Congress . he be ready for this , but the reality hit hard . his eye betray just a flicker of agony . then , aware of all the stare , he battler 's armored visage return . int . WASHINGTON , D.C. courthouse - corridor - day trumbo and Kenny exit the courtroom in a river of court folk . dalton trumbo I have total contempt for Congress , I just think a jury have see why . int . WASHINGTON , D.C. courthouse - hallway - day trumbo and Kenny fight they way through the cling PRESS . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 37 . continued : ROBERT kenny ( to Reporters ) the Supreme Court will drop kick this verdict into speed traffic and end the most shameful chapter of congressional history I ever want to live through . int . WASHINGTON , D.C. courthouse - staircase - moment later trumbo and Kenny . ROBERT kenny how're you do for money ? dalton trumbo break as a bankrupt 's bastard . why ? ROBERT kenny you owe I thirty - thousand dollar . the appeal 's gonna be twice that . dalton trumbo well , better get to work . ROBERT kenny do what ? int . lazy-t ranch - study - day trumbo write furiously on he typewriter . the sound of laughter pierce he clatter . he look up at the window , then rise , crossing to it . at the window - trumbo sees cleo on the driveway , where a ping - pong table 's be set up . she 's teach niki , 4 - year - old mitzi and Chris how to play the game . there be much giggling amid the miss shot . trumbo watch , silently separate from he family by the sheet of glass . then he have to let the curtain drop back across the window . back to it . ext . lazy-t ranch - night one light on . trumbo 's study . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 38 . int . hospital room - day arlen hird lie in a weaken , post - surgery stupor . his eye open and he see trumbo set down some flower . dalton trumbo how be you ? arlen hird breathin’ . with one lung . which be half as good as two . how bad be thing out there ? dalton trumbo everybody envie you . hird look around the pleasant , private room . arlen hird why not . get the best room in the joint . you oughta know , you pay for it . ( then , woozy ) thanks . by the way . trumbo smile at hird , whose eye flutter shut . int . a modern build - entry - day buddy ross ( pre - lap ) mayer 's a dinosaur ... over the streamline entrance , a steel - sculpt banner : ross INTERNATIONAL picture . buddy ross ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) ...- they all be , extinct and do not even know it . int . ross INTERNATIONAL - buddy 's office - continuous enormous and pristine . buddy ross let 's see now , to , uh ... buddy , trumbo and other movie - industry compatriot raise champagne glass in the winter of 1948 . ( continued ) continued : trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 39 . buddy ross ( cont ’d ) .»..to no more mgm , no more mayer , I be strictly independent , get can of film , wad of Wall Street dough and my favorite boss -- I ! ( all chuckle , clink , sip , then to trumbo ) and you , you crazy son of a bitch , be gonna write all my movie , once this Washington crap clear up . a throat be cleare . trumbo be a bit more pensive than we have see he . dalton trumbo and how will that happen ? buddy ross hey . I be not political . thank Jesus . but if they call I in , accuse I ? I have just say , yep , do it , sorry , do not mean it . trumbo nod , willing to move on . but somehow just can not help himself . dalton trumbo ( evenly ) so Congress ask , '' be you now or have you ever be a Democrat ...? '' buddy ross '' I be ... and God , I just feel awful about it , never again ... '' dalton trumbo but now they want the name of other Democrats . ( point at random men ) Bill ... Stan ... Earl ... nat . buddy ross then I say go to hell . dalton trumbo really . and how many bank fund enemy of the state ? you money 's go . unless you give the name of you friend here . they 's 1ll never work again . but it 's the only way you ever will . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 40 . continued : ( 2 ) dalton trumbo ( cont 'd ) we be all friend here , we all know each other ... we hope . what would you do , buddy ? buddy stare , chill . silence . then -- buddy ross piss on the best day of a guy 's life ! only you ! big laugh all around . but from that four man trumbo single out , nervous one . and from trumbo , not so much as a smile . int . lazy-t ranch - study - night trumbo hard at the key , surround by full ashtray , pile of typescript and a half - empty scotch bottle . he pause to shift in he seat and twist he aching back . int . lazy-t ranch - live room - dawn he lie on the couch , scotch on he chest , pillow under he back , scribbling on type copy , still in some pain . niki , almost _ 11 now , walk in wear she nightgown . dalton trumbo Morning , nikola . niki I think you be not allow to write anymore . dalton trumbo no . just can not put my name on it or get pay . niki how 's that work ? int . diner - downtown L.A. - day niki eat a sundae , watch trumbo and Hunter as the latter thumb a dog-eare screenplay with scribbles on many page and bold handwrite on the cover . dalton trumbo well ? ian mclellan hunter ( the script ) it 's funny , breezy , romantic . ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 41 . continued : ian mclellan hunter ( cont 'd ) ( then , sarcastically ) who the hell write it ? dalton trumbo you do , old boy . stick you name on my labor , hand it in to you studio and -- ian mclellan hunter look , it 's just dumb luck I be not subpoena . the hearing be gonna start up again soon , I be gonna get call and can ... dalton trumbo then quick , lad , let 's sell this little beauty and split the take , fifty - fifty . ian mclellan hunter ridiculous . i’11 take ten percent . dalton trumbo you will take twenty . no , thirty . that 's my final offer . ian mclellan hunter you be the worst businessman , ever . ( then ) I hate the title . niki I too . she get a sharp look from she father that drive she back to she ice cream . ian mclellan hunter I mean , the princess and the peasant ... ( scribbling on the cover ) .»». sound like a puppet show . dalton trumbo ( shrug ) Change it . ian mclellan hunter I do . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 42 . continued : ( 2 ) he slide the script across the table to trumbo , its new title atop the cover page 's handwritten note , in bold feel and circle . trumbo 's distaste for it be immediate . dalton trumbo now , who the hell 's go to go see a movie call Roman holiday ? int . U.S. capitol —- rotunda - day Congressman Thomas move with a small cluster of many of the same reporter from scene 30 , all now he acolyte -- congressman thomas .-- I be go to introduce legislation so in the event of national emergency , all Communists will be send to internment camp ... reporter 2 do the president support this ? congressman thomas he would better . striple now appear at Thomas 's shoulder , whisper in he ear as he show he a sheaf of monetary column . both striple 's hushed , unheard word and the document 's top sheet get Thomas 's full attention . congressman thomas ( cont ’d ) ( to the Reporters ) Excuse I , gentleman . he and striple peel off , away from the Reporters . congressman thomas ( cont ’d ) I have tell you , Bob , this be legitimate , salary employee from my home state -- stripling what you do not tell I be , every one of they be a relative . congressman thomas which be completely legal . stripling except none of they have pay tax . ( as Thomas try to explain ) ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 43 . continued : stripling ( cont 'd ) do not say anything else without a lawyer . ext . lazy-t ranch - day cleo get out of she car , carry mail and the L.A. Times . she walk past a half - finish addition , abandon at frame . she scan the front page of the paper . cleo ( suddenly shake ) +. no ... jeff , they contractor , sun -bake , 30 , have be wait . jeff the contractor Mrs. trumbo ? ma ’am , I gotta get pay . she look up , truly at a loss . jeff the contractor ( cont ’d ) please , I get man with family . cleo Jeff . we owe everyone . but my husband can not get work . before Jeff can respond , trumbo speed up in he car and skid to a stop and bound out with two bottle of champagne . dalton trumbo ( ecstatic once again ) we be rich ! int . lazy-t ranch - kitchen - day trumbo sign a check with a flourish and hand it to Jeff . jeff the contractor thanks . you sure lead exciting life . Boy . he pocket it as trumbo reach for the champagne . dalton trumbo it sell , cleo , Roman holiday , paramount , credit to we dear Hunter and what , what 's the matter ? cleo justice rutledge die . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 44 , continued : dalton trumbo no , justice Murphy , last -- cleo and rutledge . this morning . she hand he the Times . as he read , she hold he . int . ROBERT kenny 's law office - conference room - day ROBERT kenny the two most liberal judge on the Supreme Court ... trumbo , a still - frail arlen hird and member of the ten sit solemnly before a heartsick Kenny . ROBERT kenny ( cont ’d ) .+- back to back . this be just ... he let it hang in the air . a long , ten -man silence . dalton trumbo well . I x11 be goddamn if I know what to say . arlen hird one upside , anyway . ROBERT kenny we appeal 's gonna be deny . you be all go to prison . int . ROBERT kenny 's law office - elevator - day trumbo help hird in . hird push the button , then lean on he cane . both man stare straight ahead as they descend . as sick as hird be , trumbo be paler . he look gut . the clanking descent seem eternal . then : arlen hird I would not change a thing . not one . would you ? trumbo consider this carefully before : dalton trumbo let 's ask each other in a year . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 45 . ext . los angele airfield - night June , 1950 . no SOUND at first , just music as trumbo , cleo , niki , Chris , 9 , and mitzi , now 5 , cross the tarmac to a wait DC - 3 prop passenger plane . suddenly aware of -- a crowd gather at the edge of the light , move toward they . then , two people raise a banner , the word spread out on a sheet between two pole : dalton trumbo be go to jail ! free the hollywood 10 ! the crowd close around the surprised trumbos . hand be offer and shake . more sign raise . more people cluster . cameras be bring out and -- moment later - trumbo slightly embarrassed , be surround by family , well - wisher and more huge , handwritten sign bear he name and plight . minute after that - a montage capture the final , sad moment of trumbo 's goodbye : - tiny mitzi hug trumbo . she can not be pried off . - trumbo whisper into Chris 's ear : dalton trumbo I be count on you . you mother need to laugh . once a day . at least . deal ? Chris nod and refuse to cry . Father and son shake hand . - trumbo hug niki . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) do not be afraid . niki I be not . she 's angry at herself for tear up . trumbo hand she he silk pocket square . - trumbo kiss cleo one last time on the lip . - trumbo be lead off by two U.S. marshal . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 46 . continued : - trumbo be up on the ramp of the plane . a flashbulb pop . the moment be frozen into a old sepia photograph . dissolve to : ext . road - night the trumbo family car rumble home from the airport . int . trumbo family car - drive - continuous in the backseat , niki console mitzi . up front , Chris ride alongside cleo , who be drive . everyone be grieve in they own way . then -- cleo ( suddenly blurt ) I be marry before . well , this certainly get the attention of all the kid . cleo ( cont 'd ) you father 's my second husband . niki Holy shit . cleo niki ... niki Mom , gimme a break , you can not just say that and not -- cleo I be say it for a reason . when I meet you father , I have a boyfriend . CHRIS what be he name ? cleo hal . CHRIS hal . heh . niki do you love he ? cleo that 's not the point . ( continued ) continued : trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 47. CHRIS what have you think of pop back then ? cleo I could not stand he . niki so how have you end up marrying he ? cleo I be waitress . he come in for a hamburger , we talk a little , I bring he the check and he propose . CHRIS seriously ? cleo catch niki 's look in the rear view , a smile that say , that 's pop . cleo I say he be crazy but he keep come back , night after night . talk and talk . and the tip ! on a ninety - cent check , he have leave ten dollar ! after a year , I have over a thousand dollar . I save every penny , I be not go to let he think he could buy I . but ... also ... I just , I have never meet anyone like he , ever , I could not stop think about he . and guess who do not like that much ? niki hal . cleo hal . who get mad , then jealous , then go and get a wedding license and a judge . CHRIS that must have make pop mad . cleo no . he just ask if I could see myself with hal in twenty year and I burst into tear -- I could not see myself with he for twenty more minute . he be big and crude and have all this rule ... ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 48 . continued : ( 2 ) cleo ( cont 'd ) ( then ) you father be such a good friend , I would never have anyone like he in my life ... and do you know what he do ? hire a private detective . CHRIS wow . cleo and find out hal be already marry . all the kid let out laugh and shout and pound the seat . they love see this new side of they mother . niki Mom , how could you not tell we this before ? this be great ! cleo I be tell you now because when he do all that , you father prove when he believe in something ... or someone ... ext . ashland federal prison - day large , remote , set amid thick green kentucky forest . cleo ( post - lap ) .-- it do not matter what anybody else think , say or do ... int . ashland federal prison —- prisoner processing - day cleo ( post - lap ) .-- he will try , fail ... trumbo be naked , along with a group of prisoner who be undergo a body and cavity search by guard . for trumbo be stoic . cleo ( post - lap ) ( cont ’d ) .-- fall down , get up , fall again . but never , ever give up . int . trumbo family car - drive - night cleo so do not waste you time be mad at the people try to stop you father . ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 49 . continued : cleo ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) feel sorry for they . int . ashland federal prison - loading dock - day on a blaze summer afternoon , trumbo off - load 50 - pound slab of freeze beef rib from a truck , balance one on he shoulder , sweat and move past two prison guard . prison guard 1 ( mid-story ) ... so he file a complaint , say I do not treat he fair . prison guard 2 nigger say that ? prison guard 1 so warden say I gotta do right . Boy wanna better job ? I put he in charge o’ the whole goddamn supply room . ' Cause I know somethin’ the warden do not . nigger can not read ! finally , trumbo get he huge side of beef to the pallet and manage to drop it . he stand , soak , catch he breath . there 's a sharp pain in he back . he try not to let it show . prison guard 2 ( laugh ) can not read , that 's good ! prison guard 1 serve the jig and warden both right , supply gonna be a goddamn mess ! int . ashland federal prison - supply room - day very much a mess . report and record in random pile and sloppy stack . but also a cool , dark basement relief from the swelter above . a wrung - out trumbo hand a clipboard to a powerful , severe black man name virgil brooks . dalton trumbo beef 's unload . Driver need a signature . brook nod and take the clipboard . without really look , he scribbles a line near the bottom of the page . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara continued : dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) actually , he need it ... here . trumbo point to the still - blank signature line . sign again . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) if you could use help , I use to be in shipping , at a bakery . brooks I hear you be a writer . dalton trumbo that , too . brooks and a commie. ( with a hard look ) fuck be wrong with you people ? this be a great country . dalton trumbo agreed . well , he try . head out . brooks you type ? dalton trumbo eighty word a minute . brooks bullshit . moment later - trumbo type 50 . brook with two finger , copying off a rule book . brook glance at he watch and chop the air . trumbo stop . brooks now if only I could read it . ( then , off typewriter page ) '' protocol as to return of goods : there shall be triplicate copy of form 14 - a file with supply , ship and office of the warden . '' trumbo look up at brook , surprised . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 51 . continued : brooks ( cont 'd ) you think you gonna teach I the alphabet so I shake you hand all grateful and 's say , '' thankee missuh trumbo , you do change mah life , suh , I never fuhgit you . '' ( then ) this be not no movie and I be not Mr. bojangle . I get twenty year for killin’ a white man try to rob my bar , I do it and I have do it again . look down on I and I will fuck you up like you never be fuck up in you whole bullshit beverly Hills life . I be here to build my time and get parole , you wanna help make that happen ? brook heft a box of file onto the desk with a thud . brooks ( cont 'd ) welcome to fuckin’ supply , comrade . int . ashland federal prison —- prisoner dorm - night 1951 . one of the few prisoner still awake , trumbo sit on he cot in a single cone of light , scribbling on a pad . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) ( start a letter ) dear cleo . int . lazy-t ranch - cleo 's dark room - day dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) I do not count the day or hour . I count the second . she switch the red light off and open the shade . summer sun reveal develop equipment and dozen of photo hang to dry . all of the child : fishing , on horseback , play tag , sit for a group portrait . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) sometimes I think I will die of boredom . other time , fear . as she inspect each critically , she pass something we do not expect : a boxer 's speed bag hang from the ceiling , which she give a single , light whack without look . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 52 . int . ashland federal prison - supply room - day immaculately organize now . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) not of this place . trumbo sit , dutifully type at top speed . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) so far ... prison Guard 1 enter , shocked at the crispness of the room -- dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) ... its challenge be all surmountable . augment by day of lovely boredom , so flat and calm in the wake of all that churn , ugly , luckless battle . -- and the report brook write with a fuck - you smile . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) no , my fear be for what will happen ... ext . lazy-t ranch - driveway - day cleo be play a furious game of ping - pong against both Chris and mitzi -- dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) ...- when I get out . to we family ... -- while niki sit nearby , absorb in a copy of the Daily Worker , with its headline : '' new communist hollywood hearing begin . '' dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) .«.. and we country . int . ashland federal prison - mess —- day dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) not all the national news be worrisome . some remind I that what the imagination can not conjure , reality deliver with a shrug . nearly desert but for trumbo as he enter with a sheaf of report , crossing past a lone figure mop the floor : ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 53 . continued : Congressman J. parnell Thomas , wear a prison uniform identical to trumbo 's . he stop mop . trumbo pause in a doorway . the two man regard one another . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) and reality have deliver , in all its beatific wonder , to the federal penal system , former Congressman and head of huac , J. parnell Thomas . convict of tax evasion . Thomas go back to work . trumbo 's eye linger on Thomas as the former inquisitor dip he mop then swab the floor . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) prove the truism ... trumbo deposit he sheaf on a table top and exit . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) '' , .. character be destiny . '' int . lazy-t ranch - kitchen - day on a sunny morning , she three child eat breakfast around she , cleo finish this letter . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) yet in all this , I know I be the luckiest unlucky man ever to live ... because you and the child warm , feed , clothe , pacify and rejuvenate I , by never leave my heart . Love , prisoner number 7551 . she touch the paper tenderly , get up and move to shoebox that overflow with trumbo letter , add this one . int . ashland federal prison - mess hall - night all chair face a screen as trumbo and several hundre prisoner and guard watch a war movie . up on the movie screen - JOHN wayne Plays a gung - ho soldier , bark order amid backlot gunfire . back down in the audience trumbo smoke and watch . sitting next to he , Virgil brook be totally catch up in the war drama . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 54 . int . ashland federal prison - corridor - night trumbo , brook , prisoner and Guards walk back to the dorm . brooks you know John Wayne ? dalton trumbo I do . brooks what 's he like ? dalton trumbo you would love each other . ext . the brown derby - to establish - day it be , in fact , a enormous , brown , stucco hat . int . the brown derby - continuous near the front door , the maitre d' slide hedda 's coat on . a man ( 0.s. ) ' scuse I ? be you hedda Hopper ? she turn and see a young enlisted man in a army uniform , awkward , nervous , respectful , whose empty right sleeve be pin up . he 's lose a arm . hedda hopper I -- yes , hello , how do you -- ? she hold out she right hand , be instantly mortify , but the enlist man clasp she right with he leave . enlisted man I do not mean to bother you , I be here with my cousin , he 's a gaffer at Columbia ? think he have treat I to the big time . I read you a lot , all the guy do . not just the showbiz stuff . you get what 's really go on , with Russia , the commy here , the investigation . thank you . hedda hopper where do you serve ? enlisted man Korea . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 55 . continued : hedda hopper and you be how old ...? enlisted man ( proudly ) next month I 'il be twenty . she have no word , just look at this boy , strike to she core . ext . lazy-t ranch - lake - day March , 1951 . a appaloosa horse stand against the mountain range , lazily dip its head to chew grass , then raise it to scan the horizon . nearby , cleo focus she camera on the majestic animal . she click off several shot . Chris be nearby , hold spare film canister and lense . CHRIS Mom . cleo mm ? CHRIS I have get a new one . she glance at Chris , who use he hand to shove he cheek in toward each other -- then smile , make he mouth kind of a chubby vertical smile . cleo chuckle and aim she camera at he . niki ( 0.s. ) Mom ! she turn . her daughter be at the back door of the main house . niki ( cont 'd ) you better come quick ! int . lazy-t ranch —- live room - day Chris and cleo enter , niki crouch in front of the enormous radio , dial a clearer reception . stripling ( on radio ) ... ever be a member of the Communist Party ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 56 . continued : edward G. robinson ( on radio ) I be not now nor have I ever be a member of that party , no ... int . U.S. capitol - caucus room —- continuous edward G. robinson ..- I have always be a liberal Democrat . Robinson be in the same seat trumbo occupy . but no longer a pack circus , it be now a rehearse degradation ceremony . Robinson speak into radio microphone splay before he as he look into the eye of investigator Robert striple . stripling but in you home , over the year , there have be political meeting . attend by that we now know to be Communists . edward G. robinson yes sir , yes , that have now be make clear to I ... there be tremendous activity that go on in my house during the war ... ext . texarkana federal prison - day a cinder - block Texas facility on a brown , scrubby flat . edward G. robinson ( on radio ) ..- but I do not know then they true affiliation ... the work they be up to ... int . texarkana federal prison - hospital wing - continuous arlen hird lie in a bed among a dozen other infirm prisoner , hearing through a old oaken radio : edward G. robinson ( on radio ) ... the lie ... most of this prisoner could not care less -- but hird be gravely rivete by Robinson 's testimony . edward G. robinson ( on radio ) ( cont ’d ) ... the deception . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 57 . int . ashland federal prison - mess hall - day most prisoner ignore the hearing crackling on a small radio , but a few , include Virgil brook and trumbo , listen . Congressman Thomas , wiping down table , be far away ... but listen intently , glance occasionally at -- trumbo , stony , a flicker of sadness in he eye -- int . U.S. capitol - caucus room - continuous -- as Robinson 's eye harden , a man determine -- edward G. robinson I be dupe and use . I be lie to . int . lazy-t ranch - live room - continuous -- cleo 's eye close . the kid be transfix . stripling ( on radio ) who use you ? int . U.S. capitol - caucus room —- continuous edward G. robinson well , this ... sinister force who run this ... organization in which I become a member , this .... uh , so - call Communist front . stripling tell we the name of individual . int . ashland federal prison - mess - continuous trumbo and Thomas , across the room from one another , both wait . stripling ( on radio ) ( after a beat ) Mr. Robinson ? int . U.S. capitol - caucus room —- continuous edward G. robinson well , you have Albert maltz , uh , Ring lardner , Jr. , and that top fellow who they say be the , uh , commissar out there ... ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 58 . continued : stripling arlen hird ? edward G. robinson yes ... int . texarkana federal prison - hospital wing - continuous arlen hird be unflinch as he hear -- edward G. robinson ( on radio ) .-- arlen hird . waldo Salt , Ian mclellan Hunter . int . ashland federal prison - mess - continuous edward G. robinson ( on radio ) and dalton ... -- as be trumbo -- int . U.S. capitol - caucus room - continuous edward G. robinson ... trumbo . -- Robinson feel relief , hope this be all now behind he . int . ashland federal prison - mess - continuous brook look at the radio , disgust , as we hear -- edward G. robinson ( on radio ) but at the time , it never enter my mind that any of this people be Communists ... brooks ( to trumbo ) that guy 's a friend of yours ? ( no response from trumbo ) lucky he 's out there . and though he speak to trumbo , he speak at Thomas : brooks ( cont 'd ) snitch like that in here , you be fuckin’ dead . trumbo leave a terrify Thomas with a smile brook . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 59 . int . motion picture alliance office - lobby - day bustling . crowded . Edward G. Robinson be seat . wait . his eye flick to a close door . stencile on it : JOHN wayne , president . int . motion picture alliance - wayne 's office - continuous Wayne , Roy brewer , hedda and a few other meet . JOHN wayne Eddie oughta go back to work , he do what he have to . hedda hopper he do what he be force to . JOHN wayne Point be , he do it . hedda hopper brave man be fight this battle , sacrifice in way we can not even imagine , and you talk about some asshole 's '' career '' ? I have see Eddie Robinson and everyone like he dead if it have bring one boy back from Korea . one . JOHN wayne so what be you say ? guy like Eddie cooperate and get nothin’ ? ( then ) that be not right . hedda hopper careful , Duke . JOHN wayne or what , hedda ? they stare at each other , neither move or blink . JOHN wayne ( cont ’d ) if I be not careful . what ? the room be freeze , cigarette smoke the only move thing . then hedda break the tension with a quick smile . hedda hopper I have no idea you be such a softie . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 60 . continued : Wayne study she , then allow himself a grin . JOHN wayne that 's I . all cuddle . int . motion picture alliance office - lobby - day Wayne walk Robinson out . JOHN wayne I be proud of ya , Eddie . edward G. robinson ( flat , far off ) thanks , Duke . JOHN wayne be not easy , I know , but ya do good . I be gonna call the studio , the offer 's 1ll pour in . ( off Robinson 's mute nod ) y’ okay ? edward G. robinson sure . thanks . and tell hedda ... ( beat ) give she my love , willya ? JOHN wayne not sure she would know what to do with it . that be one hard broad . CUT to : newsreel footage - stock of the end of the rosenberg espionage trial . the couple have be find guilty of sell atomic secret to Russia and sentence to death , then ... CUT to : newsreel footage - stock of senator joseph mccarthy 's rise as he purport to uncover Communists throughout the United States . int . ashland federal prison - prisoner processing - night spring , 1951 . the same room where trumbo be stripped naked and examine upon he entrance . now he be back in he suit , tie and overcoat . his wedding ring , lighter , cigarette case and holder be return by a guard . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 61 . ext . ashland federal prison - outside the front gate - night a taxi idle . cleo wait . a silhouette approach on the other side of the close gate , which rumble open , revealing trumbo , now free . cleo smile , they move into one another at last and kiss , then -- ext . lazy-t ranch - day -- trumbo drown in the hug of Chris , 10 , and mitzi , 6 . dalton trumbo Giants ! what have you huge , beautiful stranger do with my little one ? niki appear in a dress . tall. almost 13 . a young woman . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) good god. ( as he move to she ) lipstick ? niki ( embarrassed ) da-aaad . he take she hand and kiss she cheek . then the five reunite trumbos move into the house , revealing : a '' for sale '' sign on a fence and tack across it : '' sold . '' int . chasen 's - day crowded . trumbo enter and see arlen hird at the far end of the bar , make he way to he , as a knot of businessmen cross he path . trumbo bump one . dalton trumbo pardon I , I be terribly -- it 's buddy Ross . trumbo be delighted . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) buddy . how be you ? buddy be highly aware of the man in he group , watch he . buddy ross ( to trumbo , icy ) I get nothin’ to say to you . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 62 . continued : buddy turn and stride off , follow by the man , all of whom whisper to each other . int . chasen 's - at the bar - later trumbo and hird sip they cocktail . dalton trumbo so. jail 's give we the plague . arlen hird buddy be always a asshole . he glance into the restaurant dining area , where he can see buddy animatedly make a pitch to that group of man . arlen hird ( cont 'd ) and he 's in trouble . Three movie , three flop . ( be : buddy 's sweaty chatter ) look at he . tryin 's to sell he soul but can not find it . just hope he stay afloat long enough to get the shit sue out of he . dalton trumbo by whom ? arlen hird you , I , all of we , go on the offensive this time , sue the studio , all this guy , use they own capitalist system against they , in civil court -- make ‘em admit under oath -- dalton trumbo -- no , no , no , Jesus , have not you spend enough time in court ? I have . arlen hird what do you , get a better idea ? dalton trumbo do the one thing everyone say we can not . work. ext . rundown hollywood back STREET - day trumbo cross a courtyard of slouching palm and tobacco - color bungalow , the office of : king brother picture . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 63 . continued : frank king ( pre - lap ) look . you be a great writer ... int . king brother picture - franks office - day trumbo sit across from a beefy , harry , vaguely menace man in he 40s name : frank king -..we make shit . I do not see it . dalton trumbo Mr. King , I be a screenwriter . if I could not write shit , I have starve . on the wall , lurid poster of King Brothers movie : star - free gangster , horror , sci-fi and western quicky . frank king we can not afford you . dalton trumbo how much do you pay for the script of ... ( point to western poster ) ... that ? frank king twelve -hundre buck . dalton trumbo I will write you a movie for twelve hundred , then . frank king and you do not want you name on it . dalton trumbo no , you do not want my name on it . hymie king ( 0.s. ) you get that right ... and in a corner we reveal Frank 's young brother , hymie , owlish and clench with worry . hymie king ( cont 'd ) ..- especially if you be still ... y' know ... up to stuff . be ya ? dalton trumbo perpetually . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 64 . continued : hymie king Jesus . frank king get any idea ? dalton trumbo well , I just get out of prison , how about crime ? the story of a gangster , he rise and fall ? frank king I have see that a few time . dalton trumbo because it always make money . frank king and when do I get the product ? dalton trumbo ( rise ) Three day . frank king a hundred page script in three day ? you tryin' to fuck I ? you fuck I and I will fuck you -- dalton trumbo Mr. King , I have hear this speech . it be better in jail . int . lazy-t ranch - study - night trumbo write , cigarette fume like a factory chimney . the shelf be stripped , move box pile everywhere . he arch , he back hurt so much he actually stop . int . lazy-t ranch - bathroom - night trumbo be naked in the tub again . he add scotch to he coffee and scribbles on type script , pain - free . int . king brother - outer office - day trumbo wait in the room 's only guest chair . a curvaceous receptionist hunt fly with a swatter . a door jerk open and a flushed Frank King stand hugely in the doorway , hold a script . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 65 . continued : frank king be you kiddin’ I with this ? trumbo look up at he , alarmed . the receptionist freeze in mid-swat . Frank lunge at trumbo , grab he right hand , shake it hard , then yell into another doorway : frank king ( cont ’d ) hymie ! get out here ! pay the man ! hymie emerge , pull out a roll of cash , peel off fifty . frank king ( cont ’d ) now look , we get this one , killer in a swamp ? best character 's the swamp . plus , woman in prison , fight in they underwear -- it 's perfect except it stink . ( to hymie ) what else ? hymie king Pirates . can not afford the ocean . frank king fix ‘em all . ext . highland park neighborhood - day 1952 . a work - class section of Los Angeles . small , neat house ; older car . on this Sunday , men in sport shirt tend to both , while women walk baby carriage or trim flower and kide play . a move truck rumble past , follow by -- int . / ext . trumbo 's car - drive / highland park - continuous trumbo at the wheel , cleo beside he , the three kid in back , all take in this new block . trumbo 's gaze settles on a presidential election lawn sign : eisenhower / nixon , feature photo of the two candidate . trumbo focus on Nixon 's wide grin . ext . the new trumbo home - highland park - day Lovely , compact . mover unload furniture from they truck . niki pour lemonade for some who take a break . niki hard work , you hold up okay ? trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 66 . ext . trumbo highland park house - back patio - day beside a shimmer pool , trumbo and mitzi tend to a tiny , injure bird . she be upset , trumbo warmly calm . dalton trumbo it 's a break wing but he 's go to be just fine , sweetie . mitzi he 's scared . dalton trumbo we will get he some water , some nice , yummy worm , go inside , ask mom for a shoebox . she run into the house . trumbo cup the bird . int . trumbo highland park house - live room - day later the house have be completely move into . cleo come down the stair in a bathing suit . cleo c'mon , mitzi ! mitzi race down the stair , also in a bathing suit . mother and daughter cross through the house , excited . they pass a yawning trumbo still in he robe . he open the front door -- ext . trumbo highland park house - front door - continuous -- to get the paper and lie next to it , see a plain envelope . trumbo pick it up and open it . it read in block letter -- welcome traitor . we did the pool . - you neighbor alarm , trumbo hurry out to -- int . / ext . trumbo highland park house - back patio - continuous -- where cleo comfort mitzi , upset as trumbo exit the house to see -- -- they pool foule with garbage , dirt , float dead rat . trumbo immediately move to he wife and child . dalton trumbo all right . Inside . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 67 . continued : he glance across he fence and see he next - door neighbor , 30 , tight white t-shirt , water he lawn . and a unmistakably big , shit -eate grin on he face . int . trumbo highland park house - dine room - night trumbo preside over the family dinner . dalton trumbo there be many ignorant , angry people in the world . and they appear to be breeding in record number . all we can do be stay together and remain vigilant . ext . los angele movie theatre 2 - night fall , 1953 , as we find the bright marquee , announce : Roman holiday . star Gregory peck and audrey hepburn . below that , a light poster for the breezy romantic comedy . tight on the movie 's credit and isolate : original Story by Ian mclellan Hunter . int . los angele movie theatre 2 - continuous among the rows of movie fan , dalton and cleo trumbo enjoy a lovely , funny scene , laughing with the rest of the audience , though perhaps with a bit more restraint . ian mclellan hunter ( pre - lap ) Big hit , great review -- int . diner —- downtown l.a . - day ian mclellan hunter -- have not work in nine month . trumbo sip coffee . Hunter reach for the cream . ian mclellan hunter ( cont 'd ) you ? dalton trumbo there be not quite enough zeroe in a King Brothers salary to survive -- flashback to : int . trumbo highland park house - study - day trumbo at the typewriter , surround by empty shelf . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 68 . continued : dalton trumbo ( v.o . ) -- but they need script like a army need food . quality , minimal ; quantity , maximal . this office morph over the year as trumbo write , never leave the desk , as if chain . and without a single CUT , all around he , the shelf fill with script , the office grow more and more cluttere . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) every work week be seven day , every day be fourteen hour , every minute I be behind . and I be become a stranger in my own home . back to : int . diner —- downtown l.a . - day ian mclellan hunter they need five of you . trumbo smile slyly . int . musso and frank - night - tight on a table of five men , include Ian mclellan Hunter and arlen hird . though they be sip cocktail and coffee , they have the clench look of people in the middle of a job interview . which be not far from the truth because -- frank king ( 0.s. ) the only question be , can this pinko write ? several table away - frank and hymie king and trumbo sit , the king look over the table of writer like use goods at a garage sale : dalton trumbo ( point ) that 's Ian mclellan Hunter . frank king ( impressed ) guy write Roman holiday . hymie king guy just get subpoena . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 69 . continued : frank king guy just get nominate . dalton trumbo everyone at that table 's be nominate . Frank nod . a waiter deliver drink as a buxom starlet bend to whisper to Frank , who nod , kiss she hand , send she along . hymie look faintly ill with dread . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) it would be like this ... I find the writer and work with he . he deliver the script to I . if it 's good , I will give it to you , if it 's bad , I will fix it . nobody get pay till you be happy . hymie king ( scared , whisper ) and this writer be ... all ... all , uh ... frank king blacklist , Jesus , you be such a chickenshit . hymie king y'know , we be at war with the Communists . frank king no , we be not . hymie king it 's a new kind of war . frank king yeah , do not exist , very new . hymie king what about the rosenbergs ? frank king what about ‘em ? hymie king they steal the atom bomb . frank king they do not steal it off a fuckin’ camera truck . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 70 . continued : ( 2 ) four of the five writer try to appear blandly appeal . only arlen wave , coquettish . Hunter throw he a glare . frank king ( cont ’d ) ( to trumbo , earnestly ) look . we buy a gorilla suit . and we gotta use it . int . musso and frank - hallway - night hird , Hunter and the other blacklistee confer with trumbo . arlen hird so you have five job , now we get ‘em all and you get none ? dalton trumbo I be now free to go get five more job and five more writer . then you each get five more job , five more writer -- arlen hird to keep that go , we have need to write every script in the business . dalton trumbo ( faux innocence ) what a think , arlen . Lord , you be a devious lad . ( then ) so who want to write a gorilla movie ? ian mclellan hunter who do not ? int . trumbo highland park house - dine area - day trumbo stand . his wife and three child sit . dalton trumbo we now work at midnight , in thick fog , among stranger . the four trumbos stare at he , all confuse . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) not ... literally . ( then ) we be run a family business . CUT to : trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 71 . int . trumbo highland park house - front hall - day dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) we will be add new phone line . a phone on a table . then another dissolves in alongside it . then another . one ring . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) when you answer , never say '' trumbo residence , '' just -- Chris , 12 , pick up the phone . CHRIS hello . a man 's voice ( on phone ) be John abbott there ? dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) whoever they ask for , find I or -- CHRIS no , sir , may I take a message ? he listen as he write a message for '' John abbott . '' back to : int . trumbo highland park house - live room - day dalton trumbo the door must be answer at all hour . CUT to : int . / ext . trumbo highland park house - front door - night a doorbell chime . mitzi , 8 , open it . a uniformed messenger stand , check a clipboard . messenger get a pickup from ... Sally stubblefield ? mitzi check a side table stack with large envelope , find the one mark '' Sally stubblefield '' and hand it to the Messenger . messenger ( cont ’d ) can I get you dad to sign ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 72 . continued : she scribbles on the clipboard like a pro and shut the door . back to : int . trumbo highland park house - live room - day dalton trumbo dictation , short hand and type will be learn . that of legal age will have one of the most important job imaginable . CUT to : ext . lippert picture - day a scruffy little independent company . dalton trumbo ( v.o. ) courier . cleo 's car pull up , she exit , move to a delivery entrance . the door open . a woman 's hand hold out a envelope . int . trumbo 's car - moment later cleo check the envelope , fat with twenty - dollar bill . back to : int . trumbo highland park house - live room - day dalton trumbo ( to he family ) question ? comment ? niki raise she hand . niki be there a schedule ? dalton trumbo a what . niki I need to know when I can do homework . and I be on a fundraising committee for negro vote rights , plus -- cleo all right , honey , we will work it out . ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 73 . continued : cleo ( cont 'd ) ( as trumbo begin to object , she throw he a look ) wo not we . he do not answer . trumbo and niki lock eye in uneasy silence . int . trumbo highland park house - study - night niki watch a bulky new television set , the picture jittery : on tv —- african - american protester in actual black & white news footage MARCH outside school . tv anchor ( v.o. ) .-- and protest continue as the Supreme Court take up the issue of racial segregation ... nearby , trumbo type then pull rough copy from he carriage and hold it out to niki , but she be rivete by -- tv anchor ( v.o. ) .-- while throughout the nation , heat debate over integration ... -- until she see the page he proffer , sigh , take it , move to a second typewriter and begin hammering out the final carbon , she eye straying to the tv image of protest . same scene - later trumbo be alone , the tv be off . trumbo open a drawer , take out a pill bottle , shake out one tablet , then decide two would be better . as he pop they in he mouth , cleo appear in the doorway , a question on she lip . she see she husband down the pill with a shot of scotch . she quickly decide the question can wait and retreat . back to : int . king brother - conference room - day Hunter , hird and trumbo sit as Frank King give '' note . '' frank king ( pick up a script ) which one 's '' Graham topper '' ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 74 . continued : the three writer look at one another , unsure . frank king ( cont ’d ) nympho nun . ah . Hunter raise he hand . frank king ( cont ’d ) great job . he hand Hunter he script back . frank king ( cont ’d ) '' elwood carr '' ? murder at the circus ? trumbo nod , King slide he the script . frank king ( cont ’d ) need work . I know it be the clown . ian mclellan hunter ( consol trumbo ) it 's always the clown . now King level a malevolent gaze at hird . frank king so . you be the alien and the farm girl . arlen hird yeah . frank king you write ... he open the script to the middle , show page and page and page of single - space , typewritten speech . frank king ( cont ’d ) ... the alien talk about '' the rights of worker , '' the '' pathology of capitalism '' ? ( enraged ) the '' dialectic '' ? I do not even know what that be and I fuck hate it . arlen hird all right , so it 's a little dense -- ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 75 . continued : ( 2 ) frank king I pay for a script about a guy with a giant bug head balling a girl in a haystack , you give I shit that 's 1ll get I subpoena . and also ? stink ! ( then ) never. again . fix it . but that last be not to hird , it be to trumbo . as King shoot the script across the table at he . int . trumbo highland park house - study - night hird and trumbo go over hird 's screenplay . arlen hird oh , fuck Frank King . dalton trumbo ( scribbling in the script margin ) I say , until he 's happy , I rewrite . arlen hird so you be gonna stay up all night with this crap , to what , get it to he high literary , political standard ? dalton trumbo it should not be to anyone 's political standard . what the hell be you think ...? hird snatch trumbo 's pen . trumbo glare at he . arlen hird I be think . it 's why I 'ma writer . to say thing that matter . Jesus Christ , look at we . ( then ) I be a reporter , I get nominate for a pulitzer , I fight in Spain ! I know Ernest hemingway ! I actually , I know he ! and he know I ! I walk into a bar in Paris , he have -- maybe he do not know my name but ... ( then ) you win the National fuck Book Award . what be we do ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 76 . continued : trumbo stand and move to the bar . he take two glass . same scene - later the two man , several drink in , fairly hammer , try to work . arlen hird so the alien ... the alien ... why do he ... want to impregnate the farm girl ? to start a race ... propagate , so they can all take over ... dalton trumbo ( shake head ) she 's cute . hird consider this solemnly . then -- arlen hird uh. fine. ( a defeat pause ) I mean , do not you ever miss write something , forget great , just good ? you gotta have actual idea ... still ... do not you ? trumbo smoke . then : dalton trumbo a few . one keep buzzing around up there ... will not go away . cleo and I be in Mexico at a bullfight , year ago . bull die and ... a thousand people cheer . Three do not . cleo , I ... and a little boy down front . crying . I always wonder why . arlen hird you write it , you will know . just , promise I , not for Frank King . dalton trumbo the day I do not have to and just want to . int . trumbo highland park house - live room - night spring , 1954 , oscar night , the trumbos , minus niki , eat snack and chat . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 77 . continued : mitzi niki ! hurry ! the sound of a toilet flushing , then foot run . niki ( racing in ) who 's do it ? mitzi kirk Douglas ! as they all settle and watch they black & white tv -- on tv - movie STAR kirk douglas 38 year old , chisele and dash in white tie and tail : kirk douglas ... the envelope ? and the oscar go to ... ( pull out the card ) .-- Roman holiday ! by Ian mclellan Hunter ! the theme from Roman holiday and applause , while Douglas scan for the writer who will never appear . in the live room - the trumbos sit for a moment , not sure how to react to this , until -- niki so , do we get to be happy now ? int . trumbo highland park house - study - day trumbo , Hunter and between they : that gold oscar statuette . dalton trumbo I do not want it . ian mclellan hunter well , I do not want it . dalton trumbo you name 's on it . ian mclellan hunter you write it . dalton trumbo they give it to you . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 78 . continued : ian mclellan hunter and it 's do I wonder . ( hand trumbo a script ) here 's the gorilla movie . Chris enter . CHRIS phone for you , dad . dalton trumbo which name ? CHRIS no. you . some guy name buddy Ross . trumbo be surprised as he pick up the extension . dalton trumbo ( teasing , into phone ) buddy who ...? int . ross INTERNATIONAL - buddy 's office - night this be not the buddy Ross we have know . he vibrate with exhaust panic as he take a seat near trumbo . buddy ross so 's it true , the rumor ? you write Roman holiday ? trumbo just look at he , then -- dalton trumbo what can I do for you , buddy ? buddy hesitates , barely know where to begin . buddy ross my movie have all bomb , dig I into a hole . I finally get something go . classy . Three big star . the script ... ( he can not finish ) what script , there 's no script , I get eleven writer who fuck I , now the actor be gonna pull out and 's if they do , I lose everything . dalton trumbo when do you shoot ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 79 . continued : buddy ross ten day . dalton trumbo be there anything ? he hand trumbo three type page . trumbo study they . buddy ross there would be no credit , obviously , I can not pay you till we start shoot , and I would not blame you if you spit in my face . but we do good stuff , back then , we really do . please ? int . trumbo highland park house - study - day trumbo and hird . dalton trumbo I owe the king a rewrite , I can not do both , I need you to take over . arlen hird so you can help out that great guy , buddy Ross . dalton trumbo so we can keep tear down the blacklist . arlen hird oh , Jesus , here we go ... dalton trumbo this be a huge movie , if buddy get a good script -- arlen hird -- which you be gonna give he -- dalton trumbo -- which I be go to sell he . arlen hird yep . money . always money . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 80 . continued : dalton trumbo why do you not see this ? we get one big movie , we could get all the big movie and the whole rotten thing 'il collapse from the sheer irony that every unemployable writer be employ . arlen hird Jesus , do you ever say anything that be not gonna get chisell on a rock ? int . trumbo highland park house - kitchen - continuous near a open window overlook the back patio , cleo dry some dish at the sink . trumbo and hird 's argument can be hear but be muffle by door and wall . cleo hum to herself , as nearby -- Chris clean he trumpet , while mitzi tend to another wounded bird . mitzi catch cleo 's eye and -- cleo smile and toss a water glass into the air , then a second , then a third , juggling they . mitzi laugh with delight , Chris smile then -- arlen hird ( 0.s. ) ( suddenly loud ) .-.- I be not gonna help you help buddy Ross ! the kid be startle -- int . trumbo highland park house - study - continuous arlen hird we should be suing that cockroach into the ground , along with every studio , congressman , producer -- int . trumbo highland park house - kitchen - continuous -- as be cleo , who manage to keep the glass aloft -- dalton trumbo ( 0.s . ) ( explode ) brilliant -- ! trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 81 . int . trumbo highland park house - study - continuous dalton trumbo -- keep lose , give all you money to lawyer -- arlen hird I would rather lose for the right reason than -- dalton trumbo ( roaring ) why ? int . trumbo highland park house - kitchen - continuous cleo 's deat hand flutter , a glass fumble off she fingertip and hit the floor in a explosion of shard -- int . trumbo highland park house —- study - continuous dalton trumbo it 's losing ! int . trumbo highland park house - front door - continuous cleo sweep she child out . cleo c'mon , kid , we be go to the store . CHRIS ( to cleo ) but -- dalton trumbo ( 0.s. ) I lose -- ! cleo ( to she kid ) now . dalton trumbo ( 0.s. ) -- you lose -- ! mitzi which store ? dalton trumbo ( 0.s. ) -- we all lose -- ! ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 82 . continued : cleo any store . cleo 's calm but sharp demeanor be not to be ignore . the kid follow she out . int . trumbo highland park house —- study - continuous dalton trumbo -- and the whole goddamn country stay scared and dead ! you want to live like this forever ? or do something ? we can beat they , we can win ! arlen hird I do not care if I win -- dalton trumbo -- oh , bullshit , everyone want to win -- arlen hird no , you wanna win , I wanna change thing . dalton trumbo I want to win so I can change thing -- arlen hird no , you want the oscar you can not have and the money you burn through write shit for idiot . dalton trumbo why do I have to explain everything like you be a fuck child ? a beat , as hird retreat quietly ... arlen hird you do not . okay ? you do not. ( head for exit ) do what you do . it 's fine . for you . trumbo , sense he 's perhaps go too far -- dalton trumbo ( calming ) arlen ... ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 83 . continued : arlen hird I know what I be fight for . you want another lake . and you know what ? you be gonna get it . hird be go . trumbo be alone in the sudden quiet . int . trumbo highland park house - study - day trumbo sit , still and silent , smoke curling off the cigarette in he finger , stare at a blank typewriter page . int . trumbo highland park house - bathroom - night the tub be full of hot water , trumbo be in there , write at about half - speed , pause every few word to smoke and rub he head . int . king brother - outer office - day cleo drop off a script to the Secretary , get the cash envelope . int . trumbo highland park house - bathroom - night trumbo in the tub again , write at top speed as we rack focus to that pill bottle we see in he office . and reveal here it 's benzedrine . from downstairs , he can just barely hear cheerful family voice -- int . trumbo highland park house - dine room - continuous niki , just turn 16 now , blow out the candle on she birthday cake . applause from cleo , Chris and mitzi , all hugging she . mitzi you sure we should not go knock ? cleo I be sure . niki stare at she smoking candle , angry . niki he can not take five minute -- ? cleo no. niki ( testing ) two minute . one minute . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 84 . continued : cleo Chris . get the good plate . niki I will do it . she exit and -- int . trumbo house - master bedroom - continuous -- park herself outside the close bathroom door . she hesitates , then knock . the type stop . niki dad ? we be have birthday cake . the door fly open and there 's trumbo , soak , half - in he robe , enraged . dalton trumbo when I be work , you do not knock ! niki but it 's my -- dalton trumbo you do not knock ! ever ! niki so the house be on fire , you do not want to know ? dalton trumbo I work in a bathtub ! surrounded by water ! so even if the whole world catch fire -- int . trumbo highland park house - hall - continuous dalton trumbo ( raging at niki ) -- I can still be this family 's personal goddamn slave and all I ask be not to be interrupt for every fuck slice of fucking cake you see fit to -- ! cleo appear , slice a look into trumbo that shame he into silence . he take a breath , all be still , then he slam the door and be go . niki , terrify and humiliate , run down the hall , cry . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 85 . continued : cleo stand , unsure what to do . she lift she hand to knock on the bathroom door , again hear typing and think better of it . she then follow the sound of she daughter 's sob . int . trumbo highland park house - hall - night a bone-tire trumbo head for the master bedroom . through the open door , he see the bluish flicker of a black & white tv and some familiar word from long ago ... edward G. robinson / '' manny '' ( v.o. , 0.8 . ) what do you want ? what we all want . int . trumbo highland park house - master bdrm - continuous trumbo enter , see cleo watch a old movie on tv . it 's the one from mgm , 1947 . trumbo be transfix . on tv - we finally get to see the whole scene smoothly act , shot and cut together under lush music : edward G. robinson / '' manny '' ( on tv ) to not die young , poor or alone . '' rocco '' ( on tv ) manny , this guy ... I do not give ‘em what they be after , they will kill I . '' rocco '' start to go . edward G. robinson / '' manny '' ( on tv ) hold it , rocco . '' manny '' take out he revolver -- and aim it at '' rocco , '' who freeze . edward G. robinson / '' manny '' ( on tv ) ( cont ’d ) if we do not fight this guy , sure , maybe you get that long , happy life we all want ... but you eye never really close again ... ' cause you spend that life scared of every noise in the dark . we both do . ( beat ) I can not let you do this , rocco ... so I just have to convince you I be right . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 86 . continued : then -- '' manny '' twirl the gun with practice 6lan , so he 's now hold the barrel as he hand it to '' rocco , '' butt -first . '' rocco , '' throw and relieved , take it . edward G. robinson / '' manny '' ( on tv ) ( cont ’d ) ( grin ) after all , kid , what be friend for ? trumbo and cleo both watch , never looking at each other as she 's take back to that simpler time a decade ago . int . trumbo highland park house - niki 's room - next day she be still enraged . her mother knock . niki do not defend he , okay ? he know he 's wrong , he just do not like that I see it before he do . cleo I think he be just surprised . to see another adult in the house . niki he have to be right , all the time . how do you stand it ? cleo well , there be time ... especially lately ... ( beat ) C 'mon . int . trumbo highland park house - cleo 's dark room - day cleo and niki stand at that speed bag , hang from the ceiling . cleo jab it once , it bounce , she jab again , it bounce faster , then again and again and again and again and to she daughter 's amazement , cleo be as expert as a pro . niki do you imagine that 's he head ? cleo no. cleo stop . offer niki a chance . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 87 . continued : cleo ( cont 'd ) but you can . niki hesitates , then cross over , lift she fist and -- int . ross INTERNATIONAL - buddy 's outer office - day niki cross past secretary and crew in a whirl of pre - production . she deliver the script to buddy . he take it , kiss it with a loud smack . he hold he hand out to shake hers but she 's already turn to exit , stone - face . int . / ext . a old apartment build - day trumbo knock on a peel door , soon open by a earnest young man . dalton trumbo I would like to see arlen hird ? young man I be Andrew , he son ... dalton trumbo ( shake hand ) dalton trumbo . I be certain you father 's say awful thing about I , I assure you they be all true but I have opt for early senility and forget everything , so ... andrew hird Mr. trumbo ... the young man pause , unsure how to go on . int . funeral home - day a cheap close casket . his son Andrew sit in the front row . next to he , a younger brother . both wear yarmulke . and behind they , row after row , all empty . and in the very back , trumbo sit with Ian mclellan Hunter . int . funeral home - hall - day Hunter and trumbo shake hand with the two hird boy . Andrew reach into he coat . andrew hird dad leave something for you . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 88 . continued : he hand a small ledger to trumbo . andrew hird ( cont 'd ) a record ... money he owed you , some other people . I be sorry , I wish we could pay you back . trumbo be move , shake he head , lay a hand on the boy 's shoulder . dalton trumbo no , Andrew ... no . I owed he . the debt be all mine . int . edward G. robinson 's mansion - live room - day trumbo wait alone , admire Robinson 's magnificent and huge collection of french impressionist . where before there be five or six painting here , now : over twenty famous work of art crowd the spotlit wall . Robinson enter , pause in the doorway with he butler , nod for he to leave , then gather himself , stride in . edward G. robinson well . dalton trumbo hello , Eddie . edward G. robinson this be a bit of a surprise ... what , uh ... what can I do for you ? trumbo take a envelope out . dalton trumbo arlen die . edward G. robinson I hear , I be on location . trumbo offer the envelope . Robinson just look at it . dalton trumbo he leave a record of he debt . ( the envelope ) this be the money you give we . for the defense fund . it 's everything we owe you . arlen include . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 89 . continued : edward G. robinson no , now that be a gift -- dalton trumbo we would like it off the book . edward G. robinson what be this suppose to be , some kind of message ? what you and arlen and the great Hollywood ten all think of I ? trumbo lay the envelope on a table and start to go . edward G. robinson ( cont ’d ) fine. Fine . but first , you be gonna listen . trumbo pause . Robinson gather himself . edward G. robinson ( cont ’d ) after you go to jail , I do not work for a year . no offer , not even a audition . people have see I , cross the street , people I love , people I make rich . ( then ) I sit in front of that Committee ... why ? I do not do anything , none of we do anything , we be just stupid baby , with no business in any of it ! ( long beat ) I just want my life back . they have every name -- yours , arle n 's , everybody 's , I do not give they anything they do not already have , I end it , be all , I just ... end it . dalton trumbo Eddie , you do not end something like this by give they what they have no right to ask for . edward G. robinson you be gonna tell I how I shoulda handle it ? like you handle Congress ? dalton trumbo be you proud of what you do , be that what you be say ? ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 90 . continued : ( 2 ) edward G. robinson proud ? who the hell get to be proud ? you ! with you fake name and front , get all the work you want , I gotta go out in the world , every day , this -- ( he own face ) -- be my work -- I get no one else to be , I do what I have to -- dalton trumbo ( come at he , hard ) you do what you want . and you do it for more ! more movie , more money , more dead bullshit on you wall ! Robinson be pale and shake . trumbo take a step back . tries to calm himself . start to go . edward G. robinson what I do , I do . but you get to wonder how many year you hack off arlen 's life to show the world what a rebel genius you be . live with that . int . romanoff 's - night trumbo downs a shot at the stylish , crowded industry water hole as the bartender pour he another . hedda hopper ( 0.s. ) drink alone ? he turn . she smile . a beat as he adjust to she presence . dalton trumbo preferably . you ? hedda hopper work . what be you up to this day ? dalton trumbo you know , hedda , one more ... ( downs he next shot ) --- and I just might tell you . hedda hopper then I be buy . ( signal for two more ) come on , I hear the rumor . ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 91 . continued : hedda hopper ( cont 'd ) show I you be still in the game , fight the good fight . ( lower voice , lean in ) rub my face in it . whisper a movie you have write in secret . maybe I have even hear of it . dalton trumbo maybe you have . a familiar face break through the crowd -- buddy ross ( to hedda ) sorry , sorry , sorry , I be shoot , it 's crazy , I -- he see trumbo and freeze . hedda clock that . hedda hopper buddy . you know dalton trumbo . a long pause as the two man look at one another . dalton trumbo we work together . ( then ) at mgm . a million year ago . hedda hopper ( to buddy ) I hear the script for you new one need work . hire dalton , he use to be pretty good ... and price - wise he would be bargain basement . the bartender bring the two shot . hedda hopper ( cont 'd ) ( to trumbo ) of course , you have never . not after buddy name name . trumbo try to hide he surprise . and almost succeed . hedda hopper ( cont 'd ) you do not know ? mm-hm . Word be , he have hire someone he should not have . so he get subpoena , testify . close session , no press . make it easier . ( beat ) he name you , of course . ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara continued : ( 2 ) hedda hopper ( cont 'd ) now he 's be clear . get to go make he movie . in a way , thanks to you . 92 . buddy look like he 's be turn on a spit . trumbo downs he shot and exit as he slap a bill on the bar . int . trumbo highland park house - study - day whap ! a below - the-fold headline be slapped onto trumbo 's desk by niki , highlight the headline : '' congressmen demand racial segregation '' '' ' negroes have no Federal right to Equality , 's say lead Democrats '' niki ( appal , angry ) can you believe it ? trumbo be at he desk , slide page into a manila envelope as Chris wait , wear a sport coat and tie , and niki raise a clipboard of signature she hold . niki ( cont 'd ) Democrats . vote for segregation . dalton trumbo ( correct ) Southern Democrats . niki here 's the petition . ( she clipboard ) I have already get over a thousand signature . dalton trumbo ( sign ) happy to make it a thousand and one . ( hand Chris he envelope ) and the new draft . I need it deliver to hymie King in agoura . CHRIS wait , I think the king , in Hollywood . ( continued ) continued : trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 93. dalton trumbo no , this be the rewrite , be shot tonight , hymie need they on set , now . niki agoura 's fifty mile . dalton trumbo I be sure Chris know that . niki well , he can not -- dalton trumbo -- excuse I ? niki he have a date . ( to Chris ) tell he . CHRIS ( hat this ) I ... dalton trumbo ( to Chris ) be she you girlfriend ? be it serious ? do she have some objection to romantic agoura ? niki he 's take she to a movie . dalton trumbo all right , nikola , then you deliver the page . niki I have a protest . ( the clipboard ) for this . dalton trumbo since when do protest have hard start time -- ? CHRIS I will do it -- dalton trumbo niki . will do it . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara continued : ( 2 ) niki I say , I can not -- dalton trumbo Young lady , you will -- niki ( she clipboard ) -- this be important -- dalton trumbo ( he envelope ) -- so be this -- niki this be important to I -- the date 's important to Chris -- figure something else out -- dalton trumbo -- I x11 tell you what I have figure out , that under this roof reside a moody , self - righteous malcontent . niki yep . we all live with he . she coolly exit past a rattle Chris , and as the hall , pass cleo , who 's be listen . can not see cleo , nod for Chris to pick up the do so obediently , and also exit the study .. protective gaze . she have now make a decision . ext . trumbo highland park house - night one light on , upstairs . 94 , she turn in trumbo , who scene . Chris + under cleo 's int . trumbo highland park house - master bedroom - continuous trumbo enter in he pajamas . cleo , in robe and slipper , sit by the window , look out . dalton trumbo she have not be go that long and it 's not that late . this be a blatant attempt to manipulate worry . cleo do you know when I realize I have to leave hal ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 95 . continued : dalton trumbo ( beat ; throw ; then ) hal , hal who ? cleo my first husband . dalton trumbo ( strike ) Jesus take the wheel ... cleo it be not when you hire that detective ... or ask I if I really love he ... because by then we both know the answer be no . ( then ) it be my wedding night . ( to clarify for he ) my first wedding night . with hal . nothing about this turn in the conversation be anything he ever expect . dalton trumbo if we be go to travel back in time to that unholy coupling , I have a medical obligation to drink . and he head for a small tray of glass and scotch on the bureau top , pour himself three finger . cleo I see this be not a man I could have child with . he have bully I , they and we have end up like every miserable family since forever . but I know you have never be like that . whatever go on out there , the only thing that have matter , really matter , be we . dalton trumbo all that matter be we -- cleo no , not anymore , you have no idea what you could lose -- dalton trumbo my career , the first amendment , the country ? be I miss anything ? ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 96 . continued : ( 2 ) cleo we , you be lose we . since prison , you do not talk or ask , just snap and bark -- I keep wait for you to start pound the dinner table with a gavel -- dalton trumbo so in addition to be a pariah out in the world , I now have the supreme joy of battle insurrection -- cleo -- please , '' insurrection '' -- dalton trumbo -- in my own home , where this ten finger literally feed , clothe and shelter we -- cleo this be not just happen to you . we all hurt ! niki , I , you friend -- dalton trumbo Friends , what friend ? who the hell have the luxury of '' friend '' ? I have get ally and enemy , there 's no room for anything else ! cleo ( quietly ) we know . believe I . dalton trumbo good , then this discussion end . cleo this be not a discussion , it 's a fight . and this end it : I will not let we child be raise by a bully -- any bully . int . diner - downtown L.A. - night niki sit with three african - american teenager . lean against the table , the handwritten sign from they protest . all the kid chat animatedly , then stop ... see a somber trumbo approach . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 97 . ext . diner - downtown L.A. - night trumbo exit with niki . then she stop . niki I do not want to fight in front of my friend but -- dalton trumbo -- I be not here to fight -- niki -- I be not come home . she fold she arm and stand . he pause , then speak carefully , quietly , almost hesitantly . dalton trumbo you mother be a quiet person . ( dry ) normally . ( then ) the effect of which be ... she can actually make I hear myself ... and lately , it 's not a sound I like much . because what I hear mostly be just ... how afraid I be . this be not what niki expect . she soften , listen . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) afraid this be scarring you , all of you ... and what if it 's all for nothing ? how do I live with that ? ( then ) so I fight . it 's all I know how to do anymore , just ... rage ... at anyone in my way . ( look tenderly at she ) but you have never be in my way , nikola , not once ... and never could be . tear in she eye now , she lean against he , allow he to put one arm across she shoulder and kiss she head . niki it 's crazy how mad you make I , since all I ever want be to be just like you ... dalton trumbo you be . which I would not wish on anybody . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 98 . int . king brother - frank 's office - day Frank sit at he desk -- across from Roy brewer . roy brewer we know . okay ? it 's a small town and the gossip 's always true . ( then ) Fire dalton trumbo and the rest of ‘em or you get picket , headline and boycott . we will put you right out of business . frank king we ...? roy brewer motion picture Alliance for the preservation of american ideal . I , Ronald Reagan , hedda Hopper , the guild , studio head . John Wayne . frank king I love John Wayne . roy brewer I will introduce you . you guy could do a movie together . frank king that have be great , only ... Frank King rise , hold a baseball bat . frank king ( cont ’d ) .-- I do not think you and I be gonna be pal . King swing viciously and smashes a lamp . brewer cover up , scream and go for the door . lock . Frank come at he . frank king ( cont ’d ) you gonna stop I hire union ? I will go downtown , grab some wino and hooker , there 's my next cast and 's crew ! it do not matter ! I make garbage ! he swing and shatter a poster . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 99 . continued : frank king ( cont ’d ) wanna call I a pinko in all the papers ? do it ! nobody who go to my movie can fuckin’ read ! another tight swing and he blast a second poster . frank king ( cont ’d ) I be in this for the money and the pussy and they be both fallin’ off the tree . take that away from I . Frank jam the tip of the bat into brewer 's throat . frank king ( cont ’d ) go ahead . I will not '' sue '' you . but this -- ( the bat ) -- will be the last fuckin’ thing you see when I beat you to fuckin’ death with it . brewer just stand , hyperventilate with terror . Frank tap the door with the bat and it open from the outside . Roy brewer bolt -- int . king brother - outer office - continuous -- tear across the room , pass hymie and practically trip over a seat , startle dalton trumbo and -- -- brewer glance at trumbo , acknowledge the writer with disbelief as he tumble out the door . frank king fuck do you want ? dalton trumbo New script . frank king yeah ? dalton trumbo family film , something I have be mull for a while . about a mexican boy and he pet bull . ( hand it to he ) one problem . tight on the title page : the brave one . by Robert Rich . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 100 . continued : king expensive ? dalton trumbo worse . good . int . los angele movie theatre 3 - night fall , 1956 . hundred of eye drink in the vivid color : up on the screen the brave one 's open credit . stir music . vibrant mexican imagery of a boy and he bull . in the audience amid a sea of clean - cut ' 5as family with kide and a few young california - casual couple we find : the five trumbos dalton , cleo , niki , Chris and mitzi , munch popcorn , as : up on the screen the write credit appear and we see : original Story by Robert Rich . close on dalton trumbo 's face and that write credit be reflect in he glass -- as if tattooe across he eye , mark he : Robert Rich . cleo look down and adjust the pleat of she dress until the credit pass . int . trumbo highland park house - live room - day trumbo , stone - freeze with shock , be on the phone : dalton trumbo who tell you ? ( beat ) what else do they say ? cleo appear in the doorway . sense something . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) you , too . Goodbye , Frank . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 101 . continued : he hang up . cleo be tense with dread . cleo what ? dalton trumbo the brave one be nominate for a Academy Award . int . king brother - frank 's office - night frank king no , hymie , this be nothing like Roman holiday . Frank , hymie and trumbo be gather . frank king ( cont ’d ) Roman holiday have a guy with a name and a body they could give the award to . there be no Robert Rich . if it win , who get the thing ? hymie king well , maybe it will not . I mean , it 's not that good . ( to trumbo ) no offense . dalton trumbo none take . int . trumbo highland park house - live room - night spring , 1957 and another oscar telecast , on a slightly larger black & white tv screen . trumbo , cleo , Chris , niki , and mitzi be all assemble once again . tense . expectant . on tv - movie STAR deborah kerr sparkle with sexy sophistication ( in actual footage of the telecast ) as she take the card from the envelope -- deborah kerr the brave one ! Robert Rich ! int . motion picture alliance office - bullpen - day a agitate Roy brewer be pace , on the phone : ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 102 . continued : roy brewer we be look into it , we can not find Mr. Rich anywhere , he apparently do not -- ( beat ) no . do not print tha -- suddenly , in the open doorway , a grimly hatted hedda Hopper . roy brewer ( cont ’d ) ( hang up ) I gotta go . hedda hopper who the hell be Robert Rich ? and it have better not be who they say . ext . trumbo highland park house - back patio - day 1958 . a playful trumbo hold court before five journalist . journalist Mr. trumbo , be you Robert Rich ? do you write the brave one ? dalton trumbo my policy be , never claim credit for any one movie . that way , it 's possible I have something to do with all of they . except the stinker , all write by my enemy . the journalist all chuckle and scribble , eat it up . journalist what 's you position on the blacklist ? dalton trumbo well , on it . along with thousand of other . journalist be you use this Robert Rich controversy to try and end it ? dalton trumbo the brave one 's a nice little movie . if rumor of my involvement can sell a few ticket , then good . he see niki exit the house and approach . ( continued ) continued : int . / ext . open by trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 103 . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) and if the strange circumstance of its authorship can get a few question ask , even better . niki ( whisper ) dad ? sorry , some crazy guy on the phone say he 's kirk Douglas . trumbo highland park house - front door - night niki , revealing a tan , grin , dimple - chin -- kirk douglas niki ? ( hold out he hand to the stunne teen ) kirk . int . trumbo highland park house - study - night trumbo settles into a chair across from Douglas . dalton trumbo apology . we have have more than we share of crank call lately . kirk douglas I can not imagine . dalton trumbo so . kirk douglas so. I be do a new picture . and I just get the script . from a valise he heft a document the size of a phone book . dalton trumbo that 's about seven hour of entertainment here . kirk douglas and not a single page be entertaining . but there 's a good story in there , somewhere . about one man ... ( a know smile ) ..- who try to take on the whole world . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 104 . continued : dalton trumbo you have get I so far . kirk douglas he be a slave who lead a revolt against the Roman Empire ... int . trumbo highland park house - bathroom - day on a nearby stool , we glimpse a water - dapple script cover : spartacus screenplay by Sam Jackson trumbo be in the tub , write and talk on the phone : dalton trumbo «no , I can not tell you what I be work on now except to say , the blacklist be alive and well and so be the black market . ( beat ) yes , you can quote I . see my name in the paper drive certain people out of they mind ... int . perino 's restaurant - night hedda Hopper and kirk Douglas greet with a kiss . hedda hopper kirk , I have like you to meet a friend of mine , Bob striple ... huac investigator Robert striple shake Douglas 's hand . hedda hopper ( cont 'd ) ... House un-american activity Committee . drink ? kirk douglas no , thanks . you say it be important ... hedda hopper only if you hire dalton trumbo . kirk douglas who I hire be my business . stripling no , Mr. Douglas . it 's ours . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 105 . continued : kirk douglas why ? stripling we have to keep this country safe . kirk douglas and how're you do that ? stripling why do not I show you by put you on the stand ? kirk douglas hedda , be you friend try to scare I ? hedda hopper he 's try to tell you the way thing be . kirk douglas maybe I do not like the way thing be . hedda hopper we have know each other a long time , kirk . kirk douglas we have . hedda hopper when do you become such a bastard ? kirk douglas ( rise ) oh , I be always a bastard . you just never notice . ext . trumbo highland park house - day a lustrous black roll royce pass trumbo 's t-shirt neighbor in he driveway , work on a Ford , stare in mute disbelief as -- the spectacularly out of place roll park in trumbo 's drive , a chauffeur exit , open the back door and -- a bald man in saville row tailore emerge . he view this scrubby neighborhood as he do the world : with utter superiority . trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 106 . int . / ext . trumbo highland park house - front door - day the bell echoes , cleo open the door and -- the bald man ( in a clipped austro - hungarian accent ) I wish to see the man who write this . he hold up a copy of the screenplay spartacus . int . trumbo highland park house - live room - day trumbo , in pajamas and robe , sit with a cockatiel . the bald man stand , wield the roll - up spartacus script like a cudgel . the bald man I be otto preminger . beat . trumbo rub he tired eye . otto preminger ( annoyed ) the director . dalton trumbo no , I know who you be , I just finish work a few hour ago . otto preminger ( the script ) a copy of which I have read . dalton trumbo I send it in this morning , how -- ? otto preminger I be otto preminger . the director . dalton trumbo be it too early for a drink ? otto preminger never . int . trumbo highland park house - study - day trumbo , still in he robe , mix drink . preminger study a strange contraption : ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 107 . continued : a homemade aviary of chicken wire , build out from a open window onto the lawn . in it , a new bird with a slightly bent wing hop about , peck at water . dalton trumbo my youngest believe I can end the suffer of all break bird . otto preminger as can i. with a broiler . ( accept he drink ) be you duty complete for Mr. kirk Douglas ? dalton trumbo I have get two week for Christmas ... otto preminger during which time you will work with I . dalton trumbo will i. otto preminger if you be as intelligent as you write ... and as greedy as you reputation . ( then ) it be a adaptation of the novel exodus . you have read it ? dalton trumbo no . otto preminger a colossal best-seller . very nearly a perfect piece of shit . but — ~ dalton trumbo -- there 's a good story in there , somewhere . otto preminger actually , I have no idea . but I have Paul Newman . int . trumbo highland park house - cleo 's dark room - night cleo check contact sheet as trumbo fiddle with he cigarette holder , study preminger on they hall phone . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 108 . continued : cleo you be do it ? trumbo have a small , secret smile on he lip . dalton trumbo I think it 's the only way to get he to leave . cleo I know that smile . dalton trumbo ( faux innocence ) why , what ever do you mean ? cleo poor Mr. preminger ... think he 's the cat and you be the mouse ... int . trumbo highland park house - live room - day Christmas morning , 1958 . under a glitter tree , cleo , niki , 20 , mitzi , 13 , and Chris , 18 , all unwrap present at the tree , laugh and chatter . trumbo sip coffee , digging into he stock . otto preminger loom in the doorway , glance at he watch . otto preminger Christmas ? be over . int . trumbo highland park house - hall - day trumbo walk preminger to he study . dalton trumbo do you read my new scene ? otto preminger dreadful . keep up this level of work , I will see to it you name be on my movie . to take the blame . int . trumbo highland park house - study - day trumbo sit , make note on typewritten script page . preminger pace as he read a new , clean script copy . he stop read . he lower the page . he look out the window . trumbo study he . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 109 . continued : otto preminger better . yes. but . there 's no other way to say it . it simply ... lack genius . trumbo take this in , amused and sanguine . dalton trumbo otto . if every scene be brilliant , you movie will be utterly monotonous . preminger take this in with a thoughtful pause . otto preminger I tell you what . ( hand the page back to trumbo ) you write every scene brilliantly . and I will direct unevenly . though amused , trumbo start to object when mitzi enter -- with kirk Douglas . Douglas be surprised trumbo 's not alone . otto preminger ( cont 'd ) kirk . kirk douglas otto . how be you ? the two shake hand . otto preminger I be very well . kirk douglas I , uh , do not mean to interrupt -- dalton trumbo not at all , you 's 1ll excuse we , otto ? int . trumbo highland park house - live room - day trumbo and Douglas -- able to glimpse preminger through the open study doorway . kirk douglas I sort of feel like I walk in on my wife . do you love he ? dalton trumbo it 's far more lurid than that . he 's pay for my service . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 110 . continued : kirk douglas so be I . dalton trumbo and you will have I again , January second , as promise . kirk douglas I just need you a few day on some the new scene . dalton trumbo not till the second ... kirk douglas I would not ask but I have never have a director who 's a bigger pain in my ass than stanley kubrick . worst part be , he 's right . dalton trumbo and I would not refuse , but ... ( he hesitates ) this have to stay between we . kirk douglas of course . dalton trumbo preminger have indicate ... well , what he say be , '' keep up this level of work and I will see to it you name be on my movie . '' Douglas be not so much surprised as slightly irritate . kirk douglas really . dalton trumbo his exact word . int . trumbo highland park house - front door - day preminger and trumbo watch Douglas get into he car outside . otto preminger I suppose he want you back ? ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 111 . continued : dalton trumbo ( read script page ) hm ? no . just come by to talk about , ah , screen credit . otto preminger on spartacus ? dalton trumbo I should not have say anything . you understand . int . universal picture soundstage - spartacus set - day with a piece of the slave gladiator training compound in the background , slave extras sip coffee and gossip with roman soldier extras . crew member adjust light and tweak wardrobe . in a dark corner , kirk Douglas , in costume as the rebel gladiator , confer with the boxy , no - nonsense head of universal , ed muhl . ed muhl hedda Hopper say the american legion be go to boycott we unless you fire trumbo . kirk douglas Ed , he 's not do with the script , he name 's 1ll never be on the thing , what 's anybody boycot ? ed muhl twenty -million Americans be say loud and clear they will never buy a ticket to we movie unless you fire one writer . muhl hand Douglas a sheet of typewritten paper . ed muhl ( cont 'd ) here 's fifty . pick one . int . king brother - frank 's office - day Central to the whole room now be a frame one sheet for the brave one , announce it as a '' Academy Award winner ! '' Frank stomp past , watch cautiously by hymie and trumbo . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 112 . continued : frank king you can not admit you be Robert Rich , so twenty - seven people with twenty - seven lawyer all say they be Robert Rich and we owe ' ’em money ... ' cause they write the brave one. ( toss a thick document onto he desk ) five-hundred - thousand dollar lawsuit . ( then another ) two-million - dollar lawsuit . and my favorite ... ( another ) ... a teacher from Eagle rock who want eleven - thousand five-hundred dollar , plus mileage and meal . hymie king we settle , we be wipe out . confess , we get subpoena . dalton trumbo gentlemen , I can say in all honesty , this I do not see come . ext . trumbo highland park house - back patio - twilight trumbo smoke alone , gaze into another perfect sunset , mull this latest twist in the road . niki ( 0.s. ) trumbo ? mind if I stick my nose in ? he turn as she exit the house . dalton trumbo please . niki he know . she mean they neighbor in the white t-shirt , water he lawn on the other side of the fence . niki ( cont 'd ) he see kirk Douglas in and out of here and otto preminger in he roll . he 's a idiot but he 's not stupid . ( sit near trumbo ) have he call the FBI ? Congress ? ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 113 . continued : niki ( cont 'd ) no. because everything they can do , they have do . ( then ) that oscar belong to you . get it . dalton trumbo good God , you be nothing like I . ( delighted ) you be worse . ext . trumbo highland park house - night January , 1959 . News van and equipment truck clog the drive . cable snake into the brightly - light house . the trumbos 's next -door neighbor and other from the block stand and rubberneck . int . trumbo highland park home - study - night trumbo and a interviewer be on camera in a blast of light . tv interviewer for the record , you be Robert Rich . dalton trumbo I be . int . kirk douglas 's mansion - kitchen - continuous Douglas be on the phone . in front of he , muhl 's list . most of the name have be cross out . but a few be circle . kirk douglas ( into phone ) yeah , he have be all right , and I guess he 's free , interested ... nearby , the tv be on . Douglas can not keep he eye off it . tv interviewer ( on tv ) ... and you write the brave one . dalton trumbo ( on tv ) I do . int . hedda hopper 's mansion - live room - continuous hedda , host a cocktail party , look through a doorway into she home office , where a few guest be glue to the tv . tv interviewer ( on tv ) why come forward now ? trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 114 . int . trumbo highland park house —- study - continuous dalton trumbo as someone who 's be thoroughly investigate by the House un- american activity Committee , I start wonder ... int . hedda hopper 's mansion - home office - continuous dalton trumbo ( on tv ) ... why have not anyone ever take a good , long look at they ? and they work in the movie industry ? she approach trumbo 's tv face here in she home , she party guest as awkward as catch child . int . otto preminger 's HOTEL suite - continuous preminger dress for dinner , half - watch : dalton trumbo ( on tv ) they be conven to uncover enemy agent , expose Communist conspiracy and write anti - sedition law . int . kirk douglas 's mansion - kitchen - continuous Douglas have the phone to he ear but be mostly watch : dalton trumbo ( on tv ) now here we be , thousand of hour and million of dollar later : agent uncover -- zero ; conspiracy expose -- zero ; law write -- zero . int . otto preminger 's HOTEL suite - continuous preminger chuckle , loving it . int . hedda hopper 's mansion - home office - continuous dalton trumbo ( on tv ) all they do be deny people the right to work and they can not even get that right . Academy Award -- ( self ) -- two . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 115 . continued : hedda hopper mother-fucker ! she hurl she tumbler at the screen -- glass and liquid explode over trumbo 's tv image . int . otto preminger 's HOTEL suite - continuous -- preminger howl with laughter -- int . kirk douglas 's mansion - kitchen - continuous -- as Douglas hang up the phone , silently transfix . tv interviewer ( on tv ) and how do that feel ? to have so undermine the blacklist it 's almost a joke ? dalton trumbo ( on tv ) a joke . ( contemplate this darkly ) I know the blacklist that produce Robert Rich , I have see its horror , cruelty and hideous waste of life as I have march in the long line of its anonymous . int . trumbo highland park house —- study - continuous dalton trumbo I can not invent one more witticism about Robert Rich or the oscar he can not claim ... because that small , worthless , golden statue be cover with the blood of my friend . twelve year of this foul thing be enough . none of we should yield one more inch ... or give they one more life . int . / ext . preminger 's roll royce / bel AIR - drive - day January , 1960 . preminger be in back , hold the script of exodus , speak into a elaborate mobile telephone of the era : otto preminger I have read you latest draft . intercut : trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 116 . int . trumbo highland park house - dine room - continuous trumbo be just sit down to breakfast . he have the cockatiel . dalton trumbo what do you think ? otto preminger my answer be on the front page of today 's New York Times . trumbo pick up one of several papers there . and be stoically astonished by a headline of January 20 , 1960 : '' otto preminger announce exodus written by dalton trumbo '' he be without word as he fully take this in . then : dalton trumbo you hate it that much . otto preminger merry Christmas , Mr. trumbo . int . universal picture - screening room - day Ed muhl enter the dark , empty room , flickering with a rough - cut scene of : spartacus hurl against the wall by the African slave , draba , pin with he trident . in a corner of the screen room , we Douglas be pleased , pick up the phone . notice Ed muhl . kirk douglas hi , Ed , hang on . ( into intercom ) put up the speech before the big battle ? ( into phone ) Warren , I have like you to put out a press release , say the screenplay for spartacus be write by dalton trumbo . thanks . Douglas hang up . Ed muhl do not like this . one bit . ed muhl kirk . if you will not get rid of trumbo , I will . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 117 . continued : kirk douglas and right after I quit , you can reshoot all my scene . see , Ed , for better or worse ... I be spartacus . int . american legion hall - day hedda Hopper and John Wayne be both on stage , address two - thousand legiononare . hedda hopper there 's a picture come out . star kirk Douglas . written by dalton trumbo . hiss and boos echo . hedda hopper ( cont 'd ) it 's call spartacus . and do not believe it if there 's some other writer 's name on it . we be onto they ! be not we ? applause and mount cheer . JOHN wayne we sure be . ' Cause it 's a new day ! ( the crowd roar ) a new day ! int . LA scala restaurant - night Ed muhl thread through the sleek industry crowd , pick up a phone at the bar : ed muhl yes ? intercut : int . motion picture alliance office - bullpen - continuous hedda hopper Ed . every theatre that movie be in will get pickete unless you pull the print , tonight , and take that fuck traitor 's name off . ed muhl hedda , that 's expensive and pointless . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 118 . continued : hedda hopper then kiss you movie , you studio and you miserable ass goodbye ! ext . glamorous hollywood movie theatre - night October , 1960 . the world premiere of spartacus . ( archival footage ) int . glamorous hollywood movie theatre - night the movie have begin . Black - tie audience eye drink in : the open credit of spartacus - up on the screen we hear the percussive score and see the stun title . trumbo and cleo sit a few seat from kirk Douglas and he wife as -- up on the screen - the name dalton trumbo appear under the word '' screenplay by . '' trumbo 's own name be reflect in he glass . and strike he deeply . cleo grip she husband 's arm , hold she breath , savor this . int . trumbo highland park house - master bedroom - night undress , trumbo hear a quiet sob from across the room . dalton trumbo cleo ? she be at she vanity table , in she robe , crying . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) what , what be it ? cleo it 's over , be not it . dalton trumbo yes . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 119 . continued : cleo and we make it ... ( she can not believe it ) Jesus , we make it , do not we ... dalton trumbo we do . his eye glisten . they clasp hand . ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - movie theatre - night January , 1961 , and below the marquee announce spartacus , sixty or so member of the american legion picket . there be a heavy police presence . suddenly , the door of the theatre open , disgorge men in dark suit protect -- president JOHN f. kennedy as reporter close in around he ( a mix of actual news footage and recreation ) , try to get a comment -- tv commentator ( v.o. ) President Kennedy enjoy a rare evening off , attend the new kirk Douglas film , spartacus . breeze by the glower legionnaire , he 's ask -- tv reporter ( v.o . ) it 's a very controversial film , what do you think ? president JOHN f. kennedy it 's a , ah , fine picture and ... int . hedda hopper 's mansion - home office - continuous a hatless hedda sit alone and watch : president JOHN f. kennedy ( on tv ) .-- I think it 's go to be a big hit . hedda turn he off , while on a glassy wall of she many magazine cover , see herself in 1947 under the masthead : time as we hear the sound of polite applause . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 120 . continued : master of ceremonies ( pre - lap ) ... this next award be give to that member who have advanced the literature of motion picture . I be proud to present the writer 's Guild of America Laurel Award ... int . a banquet room - night master of ceremonies +..to dalton trumbo . on March 13 , 1970 , the master of ceremonies be on the stage of a black - tie writer 's Guild gala , where light clapping greet a older but still spry trumbo , who regards he award with a mixture of gratitude and amusement , then : dalton trumbo ( at the mic ) often , when I stand before the film community , there be a elephant in the room -- I . ( mild laugh ripple ) I think I might address that . ( and begin he speech ) the blacklist be a time of evil . as he speak , voice echoing , we CUT around the room to : cleo at a table , unchange in she simple , radiant elegance . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) and no one who survive it come through untouched by evil . with her , CHRIS , mitzi and niki now grow , beam , proud . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) caught in a situation that have pass beyond the control of mere individual , each person react as he nature ... ian mclellan hunter listen with a sad and know smile . ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 121 . continued : dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) ..-- he need , conviction and particular circumstance compel he to . then trumbo sees edward G. robinson stare stonily , almost dare the writer to continue . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) ( throw , pause , then ) there be good faith and bad . courage and cowardice . and we keep cutting around the room to : otto preminger in all he shiny - dome glory . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) honesty and dishonesty . kirk douglas still buff to movie star perfection . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) selflessness and opportunism . the king brother hymie , ever -nervous , and Frank , deeply gratify . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) so when you look back on that dark time , as I think you should now and then , it will do no good to search for heroes or villain . there be none . there be only victim . and now we go back to edward G. robinson disarm , trumbo 's compassion the last thing he expect . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) victim because each of we feel compel to say or do thing we otherwise would not . to deliver and receive wound we truly do not wish to exchange . ( continued ) trumbo - JOHN mcnamara 122 . continued : ( 2 ) niki in particular be move by this . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) that be why none of we -- leave , right or center -- emerge from that long nightmare without sin . trumbo 's eye again find robinson and neither man look away . dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) what I say here be not intend to be hurtful to anyone . it be intend to repair a hurt . to heal wound which year ago we inflicted on each other and most of all ... ourselves . ( then ) thank you . and as the room rise to give he a stand ovation ... dissolve to : ext . mgm studio - sunset the once - bustling dream factory be weedy and desert but for a defiantly dapper trumbo , say goodbye to two young producer who sport the era 's regulation jeans and beard . as they move off , trumbo pause to light he cigarette . JOHN wayne ( 0.s. ) well , well . trumbo turn to see John Wayne get up out of a convertible : heavier , older , but still a mighty presence . JOHN wayne ( cont ’d ) what be you doin’ here ? dalton trumbo work with some young producer . JOHN wayne I too . ( glare at trumbo 's shaggy pair ) your look just like mine . all growin’ the hair we be losin’ . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) trumbo —- JOHN mcnamara 123. continued : JOHN wayne ( cont 'd ) I read in the paper . ' Bout you award . speech . get I ... trumbo wait as Wayne pick he word carefully : JOHN wayne ( cont ’d ) ya fight when ya have to ... maybe not always the way ya want to . what I mean be ... dalton trumbo I know what you mean . they stare at each other . anything might be say , anything could happen . after a long silence : dalton trumbo ( cont ’d ) it 's a new day . and with that word , dalton trumbo hold out he right hand . John Wayne look down at it ... then clasp it in he own . JOHN wayne each and 's every morning . this two powerfully different man shake hand , then : JOHN wayne ( cont ’d ) better mosey . my producer need a diaper change . you stay outta trouble . dalton trumbo that I will not . Wayne concede a smile as trumbo stroll away , cigarette smoke wreathe around he head like laurel , vanish into the shadow of a studio at twilight . fade out . the end