truth by James vanderbilt base on the Book " Truth and duty " by Mary mape black screen . over this , we title : Truth int . winston and strawn -- law firm lobby -- day a cavernous lobby in a high power law firm . marble and glass everywhere . a echo chamber . superimpose - Washington D.C. - October 2004 newcaster ( 0.s. ) ... with 21 day to the election , time Magazine have President Bush and Senator Kerry each with 48 % , a statistical dead heat ... mary mape sit . career woman . spitfire . can drink and swear with the boy . own multiple curling iron . she sit alone . wait . knitting . exhausted . her eye flit around as the needle loop and stitch the yarn . receptionist Mr. hibey will see you now . int . dick hibey' office -- day richly appoint . a scotch and cigar feel . Attorney dick hibey ( 50' , bearded ) rise as Mary enter . hibey Ms. mape . I be Dick hibey . what can I do for you ? mary oh , I think you know . hibey smile , gesture for she to sit . notice : hibey you knit ? mary you do not expect a woman like I to knit . hibey no . but it 's good . helpful . mary you mean it blunt my radical feminist agenda ? hibey do you have a radical feminist agenda ? mary you meet a lot of radical knitter ? hibey smile politely at the joke . then : hibey do you have a substance abuse problem ? mary I be work on develop one . hibey I be serious . mary so be i. hibey 's not smile anymore . hibey you come to I , Ms. mape . if you be not up for this - mary I have be in news for twenty year . I have win two emmy , I break Abu ghraib , I have do jail time for not revealing source . I have neither a radical feminist agenda nor a substance abuse problem , although right now I be gonna take a xanax because this be really freaking I out - do you have any water ? a beat . hibey rise and pour Mary a glass of water from a pitcher on the side table . handing it to she . hibey you be go to have to be ready for question like that . mary I be up for this . hibey retake he seat . sizing she up . hibey there 's a interesting reoccur theme in the storey you cover . people abuse they power . mary I do not like bully . hibey tell I about you work . she look at he . mary you want to know if I be responsible for what happen . hibey be not you ? mary I do my job , believe I . hibey I do not have to believe you . what matter be that they believe you . now tell I about you work . Mary take a deep breath . mary I be the producer . I find the story , I put the team together , I write and cut the piece . I work at 60 Minutes . hibey and what 's that like ? and as Mary smile at the think , we CUT to -- int . CBS news -- editing -- evening cramped and dark . a large screen show a photograph of naked prisoner from abu ghraib . a editor manipulate a computer program , and one man 's crotch be blurred out with a field of square ... New York City - April 2004 - six month earlier colonel charle ( 0.s. ) they be really gonna run it this time ? Mary sit behind the tech along with colonel roger charle ( former military 50' crewcut ) and a pregnant dana roberson . mary they be go to run it . colonel charle because you say that last week - mary they be go to run it , Roger . technician you want I to paint they out like this ? Mary look up to the screen to see what the tech be do - digitally painting out men' penise image by image . one man 's crotch blurred out with a field of square . mary Jesus , no , it look like he genitals be attack by mad cubist . maybe you could just darken the area ? the technician hit a few key . a beat . mary ( cont 'd ) okay , now it just look like there 's a black hole there . dana roberson from which no light can escape . colonel charle they be really go to run it ? because sy hersh have this and he 's go to write a story about how we have sit on it for three week - mary dana , tell Roger they be go to run it , then hit he with a large blunt object for I , will you ? ( more ) mary ( cont 'd ) ( check she watch ) I gotta go grab he , can you finish this ? the Colonel nod . Mary rise as we CUT to -- int . lincoln CENTER -- night the man in profile . seat in a chair on the wing of a stage . silhouett by a spotlight . from onstage : andrew heyward ( 0.s. ) he be , among other thing , a piss poor speller . that 's why the Houston Chronicle put he on the radio instead of a desk . Three year later , he be they news director . chuckle from the crowd . we man withdraw a notepad from he pocket . jotting something down . his speech maybe ? on stage Andrew heyward - President of CBS News ( 50' , mustach ) address the crowd ; a sea of tuxedo and gowns . andrew heyward ( cont 'd ) to call he beginning humble would be generous . a graduate of that most notable of journalism school , the Sam Houston State teacher 's College , in 1959 he take he first job in the burgeon medium of television . a year later , when a hurricane hit Galveston , he convinced he cameraman to shoot the radar screen , show Americans for the first time how a storm work . he be the first journalist to report that John f. Kennedy have be shot . he describe the Zapruder film in detail to a nation that be not allow to see it . he become the White House correspondent at 33 year of age and the Chief London correspondent a year later . he help bring the horror of the Vietnam War into american live room for the first time . ( more ) andrew heyward ( cont 'd ) at a broadcaster Convention in 1974 where President Nixon be schedule to appear but not take question , he , of course , ask a question . Nixon , upset , ask " be you run for something ? " my friend politely reply " no , sir , Mr. President . be you ? " laughter . Mary slip into the back of the room . andrew heyward ( cont 'd ) he cover the Russians in Afghanistan and the hostage in Iran . and in 1981 he become anchor of the CBS even News . he have now anchore a nightly newscast for longer than anyone else in U.S. history . he have dine with king , angere president , question dictator . not bad for the son of a ditch -digger from wharton , Texas . in the wing , the man flip he notepad shut and get ready ... andrew heyward ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , I give you my friend , and the reason I have this job , Dan Rather . the crowd rise in applause as dan rather step from the wing . Mary smile . Dan take the lectern and pull a pre - write speech from he jacket . what be the notepad ? dan thank you , Andrew , for that wonderful introduction . and yes , I will honor you speak fee . off the crowd 's laugh we CUT to -- int . lincoln CENTER lobby -- night after the ceremony . Dan and Andrew stand with a drunk rich couple during cocktail hour . Dan be in hell . Mary approach , look completely out of place in street clothes . mary hey , Andrew . I need he . andrew heyward you be not take he - mary you say that , and yet here I be . dan ( to Mary ) you have get he ? mary stashed in a hotel two block up . they move for the door . heyward panic , follow they : andrew heyward Dan , you be not leave you own party ! I get fifty affiliate and they wife wait to meet you -- goddammit , Mary ! ext . lincoln CENTER -- night Mary and Dan exit the gala . among the fountain , Dan pull off he bow - tie like a kid after Sunday School , barely contain he glee . pretend to be upset . dan I be receive a award , you know . mary you do not say . dan for a " Lifetime of Achievement " . mary so it 's pretty much all downhill from here , then ? dan brother , you be not kid . ( pause ; then ) we be go to run it , right ? mary I be go to start hurt you people soon , I swear to God - dan I be just say , I have already do cut - in for it . we kill it now , we look like fool . mary not that that 's stop we before . ( crossing the street ) they be worried about the superbowl -- Andrew think the fcc may fine viacom per station . dan so the CBS News division have to tread softly because of Janet Jackson 's leave breast ? mary we be about to go on national television and accuse the U.S. military of commit atrocity while hip deep in two war during a election year . ( pause ) but yes , mostly I think they be worried about the boob thing . int . HOTEL room -- night set up for a interview . a tv crew wait with a general seat in a chair . Mary and Dan enter . mary General ? this be Dan Rather . Dan sit opposite he , pull the notepad from he pocket ... dan General , thank you for do this . let 's start from the beginning ... ..- and now we see it 's full of question for the interview . int . broadcast booth -- evening a series of quick shot - anonymous hand turn knob , balance color bar . slot video tape into machine . we see a macro of tapehead slide the magnetic tape into place , spool it through the machine ... int . 60 minute office -- bullpen -- night the clock on the wall read 8:00 . we hear the familiar 60 minute stopwatch . Colonel Charles , dana , and other sit watch on tv - the 60 minute broadcast the image of a iraqi man stand on a box wearing a hood . electrode run to he body . over this : dan ( v.0 . ) Americans do this to a iraqi prisoner . accord to the US Army , the man be tell to stand on a box with he head cover with wire attach to he hand . he be tell that if he fall off the box , he would be electrocute . CUT to Dan , address the camera : dan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be this picture and dozen of other that prompt a investigation by the U.S. Army . yesterday , we ask General Mark kimmitt , deputy director of Coalition Operations in Iraq , what go wrong . int . 60 minute -- mary office -- night and finally to Mary , watch she story come out ... general kimmitt frankly , I think all of we be disappointed at the action of the few . you know , every day we love we soldier , but frankly , some day we be not always proud of we soldier . dan ( v.0 . ) Abu ghraib under Saddam Hussein be infamous . for decade , many who be take here never come out ... int . pierre HOTEL bar -- night Ice cube crackle . a piano play softly . tv over the bar : 10 . newcaster ( 0.s. ) ... CBS 's bombshell allegation this evening that prisoner abuse occur at the Abu ghraib facility ... a few foot away , Mary , Colonel Charles , dana and Dan sit a table celebrate . happily drunk . dana roberson I remember when you use to say " courage " at the end of every broadcast . you remember that ? ( off Dan 's nod ) why would you stop ? mary they make fun of he . dana roberson no ! dan ( mock wounded ) they do . me. can you believe it ? colonel charle apparently they think time back then be not grave enough to warrant such a sign off . mary give we a " courage " , Dan . dan I do not think - mary come on , just one . for I ? a beat . Dan lean forward . in he best newscaster baritone : dan courage . the other break up laugh . Dan smile . raise a toast . dan ( cont 'd ) to a hell of a story . 11. mary once they finally run it . ( vaise she glass ) f.e.a . laughter as they clink and drink , as above the tv continue to blare coverage of they story ... ext . mary house -- establishing -- night superimpose - Dallas , Texas . a invite two story craftsman with a big front porch . ROBERT ( 0.s. ) we be sit here with mommy . thank you for be here mommy . int . mary house -- live room -- night Mary 's son ROBERT ( 7 ) hold a portable video camera . Mary sit across from he as he conduct a interview with she . mary thank you for have I . Robert nod , all business . ROBERT mommy , you be away for a long time again . what be you do ? mary I be in New York work on the news . ROBERT and what do that entail ? Mary raise a eyebrow at she son 's vocabulary . mary ask question . question help reporter get to the truth . ROBERT interesting . be there any question you should not ask ? mary no. never . why would you say that ? 12 . ROBERT my friend Louis 's dad say reporter ask too many question . mary I would be curious to know what you friend Louis 's dad think we should do with we time instead . ROBERT be you with the man with the camera ? mary yes . ROBERT interesting . can I have a new camera ? mary we will have to talk to you father about it for Christmas . ROBERT I be try to get to the truth here , mommy . answer the question . Mary smile . mary this interview be over . int . mary home office -- night clutter with papers . a large television above she desk . CNN yammer about Abu ghraib . panelist .».. can not deny that Abu ghraib be a enormous black eye for the Bush administration just as John Kerry be emerge as a real challenger in the presidential Election ... Mary 's husband MARK wrolstad appear in the doorway . nod to the tv coverage . wrolstad cause a bit of a ruckus , do not you ? 13 . mary ( smile ) who I ? she click on she email . one from Mike Smith . I have be a bad boy . have some tasty brisket for you . - Mike wrolstad you wanna go for a walk ? Mary stare at the screen . mary I think I have to work ... CUT to : int . josh howard office -- morning a series of shot - Furniture be unwrapped . box be unpack . a Oriental rug be spread on the floor . a line of emmys be place one by one on a bookshelf . as the last one be put down by josh howard , ( late 30' , mustache ) . look around the office . he 's make it . int . 60 minute office -- hallway -- morning josh stride down the hall with mary murphy , ( 30' , brunette ) he right hand . josh what 's she like ? murphy good. fast . she 's Rather 's gal . ( pause ) make twice as much as either of we . josh ( 0.s. ) thanks for come in , Mary ... int . josh howard office -- day Mary smile as she enter josh 's office and shake he hand . mary not at all , I be excited to get go . 14 , superimpose - June 2004 josh smile back and nod to Murphy next to he . josh as be we . you know Mary Murphy . murphy great to see you again . Abu ghraib be phenomenal . as they all take a seat . josh so no big preamble , we love you , we love what you have do here - let 's talk about the new season . what be you think ? Mary flip open she notebook . mary I get something maybe for the election . Houston businessman name Bill White claim he have document that the Bin Laden family be investor in arbusto . josh Bush 's oil company ? mary could just be lot of sound and fury , but vanity Fair 's into it too . that whole time period for Bush be funky . josh funky how ? mary I do some work on it in 2000 . you know Ben barne ? josh no . mary Old Texas pol. ( more ) 15 . mary ( cont 'd ) barne say when he be speaker of the Texas House in ' 68 , sid adger , this big oilman , come into he office and ask for help get young George Bush into the National Guard as a pilot . poppy Bush at this point be a Congressman and barne figure he can use all the connection he can get , so he say he call General Rose , who run the Texas Air National Guard , and get Bush a slot . josh barne tell you this ? mary completely off the record , but he 's be dining out on the story for year . then I talk to Buck staudt , who be Bush 's squadron commander . he start scream at I about how barne be full of shit , because everybody know that he 's the one who pull the string to get Bush into the Guard , not barne . josh laugh . mary ( cont 'd ) Politics in Texas . it 's the intergalactic capital of shit happen . anyway while Bush be in the Guard , he meet a guy name James bath and they become run buddy . after they get out , bath , with no resume to speak of , become chief financial representative for the Bin Laden family 's interest in Texas . Bush start up arbusto and bath write he a $ 50,000 check . josh which you guy White claim be Bin Laden money . ( off she nod ) okay , run it down . but if we go with it , we have to go early ; we can not October surprise they . 16 . mary if you be into this , I would like to bring in some other people . murphy who ? Mary reach into she bag and hand they a list ... ext . arlington national cemetery -- day colonel charle stand in full dress uniform at the funeral of a veteran as a flag be laid over a coffin . over this : mary ( 0.s. ) Colonel Roger Charles , work Abu ghraib for we . Naval Academy grad . two tour in Vietnam , then the Pentagon . when he 's not work for we , he 's try to get better armor for combat troops in Iraq . josh who else ? int . s.m.u. classroom -- day lucy scott lecture a class of journalism student ... mary ( 0.s. ) since dana 's on maternity leave , I would like Lucy Scott to run point . she 's a CBS veteran , journalism professor in Dallas . int . josh howard office -- day murphy what about this man ... Mike Smith ? int . crescent court HOTEL -- dallas , TEXAS -- night a posh cocktail party . a long haire shaggy guy stand by a huge pot plant , feed rum-and - coke to a clearly drunk actor . pad and pen out . this be mike smith ( 20' ) . mary ( 0.s. ) mikey cut he tooth work for Molly ivin and be a researcher for we on ( more ) 17 . mary ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) this in 2000 . last I hear , he be work as a stringer for people.com , sneaking into cocktail party to find out who 's sleep with who ... smith when you say " sport-fuck " , do you mean he 's , like , put it to she for fun , or that he 's actively attempt to compete at it ? there be a tap on he shoulder . a burly security guard . burly security guard Sir , we have to ask you to leave . smith listen , I appreciate where you be come from , you have you job to do , but I be protect by my first amendment rights , so , you know , respectfully , go fuck yourself . the Security Guard roll he eye and look to he goons . burly security guard the hard way . ext . crescent court HOTEL -- night onlooker scatter as the goons bodily carry a scream Mike Smith out the front door of the hotel : smith a free press be all that stand between you roid out motherfucker and anarchy ! at -tic -a ! at-tic -a ! as they toss he into a fountain ... int . josh howard office -- day back to the scene . Mary give they a smile . mary it 's a crack team . trust I . 18 . int . CBS news dallas -- lobby -- morning a small two story building . Mary walk toward the staircase . Smith sit on the stair . rumpled clothes and hair . smith you really gonna do it this time ? you evil corporate overlord will let you ? mary good to see you too , mikey . smith I hear heyward 's talk about close foreign bureaus , move in more of a bullshit " infotainment " direction . mary where would you hear that ? smith I be a researcher , I research . mary they will not touch the news division as long as Dan 's there . smith Dan 's not gonna be there forever . they will figure a way to get the Old man out of the chair eventually - mary you have never even meet he . smith do not mean he time have not come . why do he get into journalism anyway if he 's not gonna do tough storey ? Mary look at he . mary how you do , mikey ? smith I be eat ramen three meal a day and steal cable , I need a job . 19 . mary come meet everybody . int . CBS news -- dallas bureau conference room -- day a series of military file spread out across the table . Lucy Scott and Roger Charles , work as Smith and Mary enter . the former Marine raise a eyebrow at the newcomer . colonel charle oh , good . you bring I a hippie . mary this be Mike Smith , he work this with I in 2000 . he have no social grace whatsoever . smith it 's true . colonel charle you arbusto tip be for shit . Bin Laden money never get near Bush . smith so what be I do here ? mary we find something else . Bush 's time in the Guard . there be some ... gap . colonel charle you be look at George W. Bush 's entire Texas Air National Guard file . smith you mean what 's leave of it , right ? ( realize ) you be do a paper trail . the Colonel pick up a file . colonel charle what we have start here - May 1968 , bloodiest month of the conflict . Bush be accept to the Texas Air National Guard for flight training . 20 . mary if you believe Ben barne , he get Bush onto the wait list . colonel charle if there even be a wait list . some people say yes , some people say no . that one General ... he snap he finger , try to remember . smith belisario Flores ? Colonel Charles look at Smith - not bad . colonel charle former head of the Texas Guard , he say there be a wait list , over a hundred people on it . lucy so Bush jump the list . colonel charle we have no document show any kind of wait list . smith Bush say he get in so quickly because they be specifically look for pilot , which be bullshit with so many pilot rotate back from Vietnam . and that 's another thing - training a National Guard pilot from start to finish be a huge rarity . lucy why ? colonel charle because it 's not cost effective . lot of National Guard jock be former Air Force pilot who want to maintain they flight rating . smith why spend a million buck training a new pilot when you can just admit a ( more ) 21 . smith ( cont 'd ) guy the Air Force already teach how to fly ? the only thing that make Bush a attractive candidate for the Guard be who he 's connect to . colonel charle either way , he 's in . sign on for a six year commitment . do he pilot training at moody and be then assign to the 111th fighter intercept squadron in Houston . record show he do really well here , high mark in every rating period until the spring of 1972 . then nothing . no flight , no appear for duty . until August 1 when he be suspend in write for miss a routine physical . mary so how do someone go from be a top -notch pilot to not even take you physical ? colonel charle not only that , but he request and be grant a reassignment to Alabama to work on a friend 's Senate campaign . lucy wait - he disobey a order and then they let he transfer ? colonel charle it get better . from May 1972 to May 1973 , he record show no point register . point be like hour on a time card in the Guard . it basically mean he do not show up . the Alabama commander have no recollection of he . no eyewitness have ever place he on base and no paperwork exist to prove he be ever there . Lucy look from one of they to the other . a beat . 22 . lucy you be tell I the President of the United States may have go awol from the military for over a year ? colonel charle we have no proof of that . lucy what do the White House say ? smith that Bush serve honorably and that military record go miss all the time . colonel charle by the way , military record do not go miss all the time . they be the military . they be good at shit . ( look at file ) Bush be not hear from in the record again until July 1973 when he show up for drill . and in September 1973 he request and be grant a early discharge to attend Harvard Business School . lucy he ask to quit nine month early and they let he ? smith and he resign he commission in ' 74 which be very weird . you be commission for life , right ? why resign it ? it make no sense . Mary look around the room . mary so what be the question we be look to answer ? smith one - do Bush go into the Guard to avoid go to Vietnam ? 23 . lucy not to be cynical , but who do not try to get into the Guard to avoid nam back then ? colonel charle me. the military man say it without blink . a beat . mary Bush 's trainer in the 147th say he want to go to Vietnam . colonel charle ( hold up a paper ) this be the only document in the official record that deal with it . on the question of desire overseas transfer , Bush check " no " . mary Bush 's trainer say that must have be a mistake . smith Cause that 's a question you get wrong ... mary two - why do he skip the physical ? smith he do not have a drug problem , he just like the way it smell . Lucy laugh . mary and Three - if someone do pull string for he , who ? and how the hell do we get they to go on the record ? int . BEN barne group office -- austin TEXAS -- night Ben barne ( 60' ) , former Lieutenant Governor of Texas , clad in a suit . pour a scotch on the wet bar next to he desk . 24 . newcaster ... the latest Zogby poll which have Senator Kerry lead the President by seven point ... barne on speaker - phone , voice drawl as smooth as the liquor . intercut : BEN barne be it that time of year again already ? when I have to fend off the advance of a beautiful woman such as yourself ? mary you get the President into the National Guard , Governor . I find that very impressive . BEN barne it be impressive , be not it ? mary why do not you come on tv , tell we all about it ? BEN barne we both know if I ever say that about Texas 's favorite son on camera they would run I outta Austin on a rail . ( look at the tv ) sorry , Mary . johnny 's gonna win this thing , anyway . int . dallas bureau -- conference room -- night Mary duck she head in where Mike and Lucy sit . mary barne be still a no . who 's next ? Lucy walk up to a white board with a list of name on it . draw a line through Ben barne . look to the next one ... lucy Colonel Jerry killian , Bush 's CO in the 111th . if anyone be able to really tell we what go on , he will . 25 . mary small problem there . lucy which be ? mary killian 's dead . Lucy look to Smith , who nod . smith it 's a pickle . mary who 's next ? Lucy line out Jerry killian and go to the next ... lucy General Buck staudt , former CO of Bush 's 147th Interceptor squadron ... int . buck staudt' home -- day General buck staudt spitting mad as he yell into the phone : general staudt George be one of the best fuck pilot I ever have ! I resent all you goddamn reporter imply that something fishy be go on ! int . dallas bureau -- conference room -- day Lucy line out Buck staudt and move onto the next . lucy General Bobby hodge , succeed staudt as Commander of the 147th , killian 's direct supervisor ... int . dallas bureau -- night Mary , phone to she ear , hearing : general hodge ( 0.s. ) he be like all second lieutenant , bright eye and bushy tail . but no string be pull for he . int . 26 . dallas bureau -- conference room -- day Bobby hodge line out . onto the next : int . int . int . int . ext . int . int . lucy maurice udell , Bush 's flight instructor ... udell live room -- day maurice udell ( into phone ) no string be pull for he . I think he would be a great american and a fighter pilot . dallas bureau -- conference room -- day lucy Tom honeycutt ... honeycutt's kitchen -- day tom honeycutt ( into phone ) no string be pull . dallas bureau -- conference room -- late afternoon lucy Albert Lloyd ... loyyyd porch -- late afternoon albert lloyd ( into phone ) no string be pull . dallas bureau -- conference room -- late afternoon lucy Bill hollowell . hollowelly car -- evening bill hollowell ( into phone ) no string be pull . and even if they be , it 's a non-issue . ( more ) 27 . bill hollowell ( cont 'd ) ( honk at another car ) move , you son of a bitch ! CUT to : int . dallas bureau -- conference room -- night superimpose - August 2004 . every last name on the board have a line through it . Mary sit , stare at the name . try to find a way in . int . dan' apartment -- new york CITY -- night Dan , get dress for a black tie event . Mary talk to he through he speaker - phone , intercut : mary it 's like they be give talk point . he be a great guy and no string be pull . dan Devil 's advocate ? what if no string be pull ? mary you know who else be in the 147th ? Lloyd bensten 's son , John connally 's son , both sid adger 's son , h.l. hunt 's grandson , and the heir to the sakowitz fortune . but I be sure it 's just a coincidence . dan so what 's we next move ? Mary shake she head . stare at the name . mary I have no idea . int . mary bedroom -- night late . wrolstad snore lightly . on Mary . can not sleep . the tv play . a swift boat ad . a montage of older veteran speak to the camera , with a background of military image . veteran 1 I serve with John Kerry . veteran 2 I serve with John Kerry . veteran 3 John Kerry have not be honest about what happen in Vietnam . veteran 4 he be lie about he record . veteran 5 John Kerry have not be honest ... veteran 6 and he lack the capacity to lead . veteran 7 when the chip be down , you could not count on John Kerry . veteran 8 John Kerry be no war hero - the phone ring . wrolstad stir in the bed next to she . wrolstad who 's that ? mary my secret lover . go back to sleep . wrolstad grunt and roll over . Mary scoops up the receiver . mary ( cont 'd ) hello ? smith ( 0.s. ) you ever hear of Linda Starr ? run a website , clear house for anti- Bush stuff . she 's hint document be go to be float soon . mary what kind of document ? int . josh howard office -- early morning josh drink coffee as a assistant poke she head in . 29 . assistant Mary mape be on the phone . int . mary kitchen -- dawn Mary , bleary , handwritten note in front of she , fix a bowl of cheerios for Robert across from she . intercut : mary I think we get something . anti-bush internet rabble-rouser . I talk to she for three hour , but she put I in touch with she source , a Colonel who say he may have access to miss document from Bush 's purge Guard file . I get Mike Smith talk to he right now . Robert look at he bowl . Mary int . Mary cup ROBERT milk ? retrieve a carton of milk from the fridge . josh get a look at that document . and do some background , make sure the Colonel be not nut . austin diner -- day sit in a booth across from reporter jim moore . steam of coffee in front of both of they . jim moore Colonel burkett be nut . mary oh , good . jim moore but he 's also on the level . mary you be sure ? jim moore he 's a whistle - blower . ( more ) 30 . jim moore ( cont 'd ) and whistle - blower be consistently unbalance , angry grudge-holder . that 's what make they want to blow they whistle in the first place . ( lean forward ) he claim he be there for the scrubbing . mary the scrubbing ? jim moore of Bush 's Guard file . 1997 , burkett , George conn , a couple other people say that a bunch of bushy go down to the Guard headquarters in Austin and make certain unfavorable part of he file disappear . you have see the official record right ? hole in it big enough to drive a truck through . mary so you believe he . jim moore enough to devote a hundred and twenty page in my new book to he . he take a sip of he coffee . jim moore ( cont 'd ) you be go to want to be careful with this . the administration do not take kindly to this type of report . mary I do not exactly make friend with they on Abu ghraib - jim moore this be different . you be talk about screwing with the man himself . mary the President . 31 . jim moore after I do my first book on Bush ? my name mysteriously pop up on the terrorist no - fly list . now , I can not hop a puddle jumper without a strip search . they do not forget . int . mary house -- front hall -- day Mary come home , hear smith's voice come from the kitchen : smith ( 0.s. ) ... then you gotta know about the 1996 telcom Act ... int . mary kitchen -- day Smith sit across from Robert , who be interview he . smith see , the rule be no company could own more than one tv station , radio station , or newspaper in the same market - so no one could have a monopoly on the flow of information . but the ' 96 Act eliminate the cross ownership ban and now tv News be control by only five corporation - GE , Disney , time Warner , newscorp , and viacom - which own CBS . and all of this mega-corporation rely on what ? Robert just stare at he . ROBERT I be seven . smith on corporate tax break and favorable government legislation ! that mean the government control the financial well - be of the very institution that be suppose to report on they ! at best it 's collusion . can you still report the news ? sure . as long as it do not get in the way of the golden rule - thou shalt always protect the company . 32 . mary ever think maybe you be just paranoid ? Smith turn to see she stand there . silence . smith once . but I dismiss it as paranoia . ( vise ) we have a problem . burkett 's talk to other outlet . New York Times , vanity Fair - mary you gotta get he to meet with we and bring the document . smith he do that , he lose all he bargain power . he want money . mary we do not do that . smith he 's worried he 's go to have to relocate after this . he 's worried this will put he in danger . shit , he 's worried he phone be tapped . mary be not you ? smith Mary , if this really be miss piece of a sit President 's military record , we be talk about the Holy grail of document . if we will not pay , someone else will . the clock tick . Mary , slowly : mary tell burkett we do not believe he . smith but we do believe he . 33 . mary tell he if he want to keep we on the hook , he 's go to have to show we something to prove he story . Smith stare at she . mary ( cont 'd ) you get I in a room with that document , and I will close he . ext . whataburger -- day deep Texas . a burger chain . the sign blare whataburger ! superimpose - September 2004 . Mary and Smith pull to a halt in front of the bright orange restaurant . after a bit : mary you figure they really have to have confidence in they burger to name a restaurant that . Smith nod . then : smith how early be we ? a beat . they exchange a glance , think the same thing ... time CUT to : Mary and Smith , now eating burger . Smith , mouth full : smith ( cont 'd ) this be really good . Mary nod . scan the people outside . mary what do they look like ? smith the burkett ? I do not know . mary then how do we recognize they ? 34 . smith I do not know , I think you google they or something . mary we have arrange a clandestine whataburger rendezvous with a man who want to bring down the President of the United States and we do not even know what he look like ? a rapping on Mary 's window and she turn to see a very tan older woman stand there . behind she be a taller gaunt older man . colonel bill burkett . look around , suspicious . burkett y'all stay in the car . in case someone listen to we call , we be gonna go to a secondary location . Mary give Smith a look as burkett head back to he car ... int . indian SAM be -- day the foursome occupy a booth . colorful kid ' placemat in front of they . a birthday party in the background . Nicki help burkett take suck off a oxygen mask , as a waitress deliver four huge soda to the table . when she 's go -- burkett I see it with my own eye . they put the part of Bush 's file they do not like in a wastebasket . mary and do you have this document ? nicki Bill try to talk about this in 2000 and someone run we off the road one night . burkett I be not scared of they - nicki well , I be . I be scared . she take a deep gulp of iced tea . nerves shot . burkett let 's say I have the document . why should we show them to you ? why not one of the newspaper - mary because nobody read newspaper . burkett blink . burkett one of the other network then - mary I do not know if you have notice , but not many people actually do what we do anymore . ( pause ) we be 60 Minutes . we be the gold standard . and we can help you . look , you come on camera and we will - nicki no . no camera . we name stay out of this . ( to burkett ) they will destroy we for this . do not you understand ? she look at she husband , plead . Mary stare at she . mary Nicki , listen . I know what it 's like to be bully . to feel like they be too strong , that you be small and powerless . but you be not . and do this will show they that . ( pause ) I promise . we will protect you . 35 . a beat . Nicki and burkett exchange a glance . like a weight have shift at the table . and then very slowly , burkett pull out a photocopy piece of paper . the top read 111th fighter Interceptor squadron and the date 01 August 1972 36 . Mary 's eye flit over different word and phrase - ist Lt. Bush be suspend from flight status due to failure to perform to usaf / texang standard ... ... no attempt to meet he training certification or flight physical ... ... desire to transfer out of state include assignment to non-fly billet ... Mary look up at burkett . mary ( cont 'd ) this be sign by Jerry killian . burkett hand they a second document . burkett this too . first one say Bush make no attempt to meet he training certification - that 's a big difference than just miss he physical . second one refer to he pilot position as " critical " . smith Bush say he stop fly because he be no longer need as a pilot ... burkett this document would prove that statement untrue . mary can you think of anyone who would want to fool you with this ? like a political dirty trick ? burkett blink . the think never occur to he . burkett I can not believe someone would hate I that much . smith do you have the original ? 37 . burkett no , I be only give copy . and do not ask I where , I be not tell you anything else . you get some expert of you own to look at they . Mary nod as Smith signal for the check . mary we will . int . madison square garden -- night decked out with political trapping . various reporter , look down at the speech occur on the floor . ona newscaster do a stand up : newscaster ...- believe the Swift Boat ad couple with a usual post - Convention bump could give the President as much as a ten point lead over Senator Kerry ... superimpose - Republican National Convention in the CBS booth - Dan Rather hold a cell phone to he ear . mary ( 0.s. ) I say , we have get ‘em ! int . mary car ( moving ) -- late afternoon Mary , drive , while scan the document . intercut : mary they contradict Bush 's official story , the one he put in he autobiography , the one he run on - smith Mary , could you not read , drive , and talk on the phone at the same time ? mary I get Lucy pull together document examiner , but we need to start get people on camera . what 's you schedule after the convention ? dan Hurricane france be suppose to make landfall Friday - mary no , no , no - dan you know how I feel about hurricane , Mary . they be incredible display of nature 's power - mary they be wind . I be ask you as a friend , please do not go to this hurricane - the car pop a curb . smith Mary ! Mary pull over . mary I be go to start talk to josh about timing . dan good . I know you could do this , Mary . Mary smile . he hang up . break the connection . Mary stow she cell phone and restart the vehicle . smith back there , what you say to Nicki burkett about be bully ? mary what about it ? smith that be good . it do not sound like you just try to close she . it sound real . mary good. 39 . she put the car in gear and drive ... int . madison square garden -- night Dan stow he phone . on the convention floor governor GEORGE pataki be wrapping up the keynote address . GEORGE pataki ...- he be one of that man God and fate somehow lead to the fore in time of challenge . and he be lighting the way to better time , a safer land , and hope . ( pause ) he be my friend , he be we President , President George W. Bush ! the crowd explode in applause as president BUSH make he way to the podium . High in the CBS Booth , Dan Rather watch . ext . mary house -- day Mary walk up she driveway , dodging Robert 's toy , balance a cup of Starbucks and she phone to she ear . mary ( into phone ) we premiere be September 29th but the story will not hold till then . int . 60 minute office -- bullpen -- day josh , look up at he schedule board - the CBS schedule for the next two month . Mary Murphy with he . intercut : murphy September 15th we do not have a show - CBS be run the billy Graham crusade . mary what about the 22nd ? josh preempted again . Dr. phil special . mary so we airdate be be decide by a unholy confluence of billy Graham and Dr. phil mcgraw ? 40 . josh News do not pay the bill . murphy there be one more option . the 8th . Mary take a deep breath . mary as in five day from now ? josh if it can not be do - mary I would need interview , I would need to get my whole team to New York , I would need -- first , I need Dan . where be he ? CUT to : on television - Dan , scream into a mic as he be pounded by wind and rain . dan Hurricane france be pound Florida harder than a strong man at a state fair try to win a kewpie doll ! int . mary house -- kitchen -- evening Mary , watch as the wind almost blow he over . mary I be gonna kill he . as onscreen dan be almost take out by a fly tree branch ... smith you may not have to . ( check he laptop ) I can maybe get he on a puddle jumper to Austin for the strong interview . get a email from the Colonel about the document say " I feel better " . she scan the email and grab the phone ... 41 . int . dallas bureau -- night the Colonel scoops up he ringing phone . colonel charle yeah ? intercut : mary a memorandum for record be a memo to nobody , right ? so why do killian file they ? colonel charle killian know suspending a guy this protect be a big deal . he 's try to do the right thing here , but want a paper trail to insulate himself . mary which mean W 's protection must have come from higher up than killian . colonel charle you be think hodge , be not you ? mary he be killian 's direct supervisor ... I will call you back . Mary hang up . check she note for another number - Gen. Bobby hodge . dial . ring . answering machine : general hodge ( v.o. ) you have reach Robert hodge , please leave a message . mary General hodge , this be Mary mape from 60 Minutes ; I be hope you could give I a call back at you earliest convenience - smith you gotta see this ! he hand she he laptop . onscreen , shaky cell phone video . 42 . smith ( cont 'd ) cell phone video from a Democratic fund raiser . a man be address a crowd . Mary squint at the screen . mary be that Ben barne ? on screen BEN barne let 's talk a minute about John Kerry and George Bush , and I know they both . and I be not name drop . see I ... I get a young man name George Bush into the National Guard when I be the Lt. Governor of Texas . I be not necessarily proud of that ... mary Holy shit . int . BEN barne ' office -- night barne , on the phone with Mary , clearly distress : BEN barne I do not know they be taping I ! do you see it ? I look like shit ! mary ( smile ) I think you look wonderful , Ben . BEN barne oh , do not you start . mary the cat 's already out of the bag and you man Kerry be almost ten point down . we be airing we piece in four day . be you in or not ? int . mary house -- front hall -- night Smith , pull on he jacket . from the other room : mary ( 0.s. ) we get barne ! 43. smith burkett just call , he 's get more memo he want to hand off . he move for the door as Mary come in . mary we need to find out who he source be . I have to be at the airport in the morning - smith I will fax you what I get ! and he 's out the door . int . robert bedroom -- night Mary , dress in travel clothes . stand with wrolstad in the door of Robert 's room , look at they sleep son . mary he 's get so big . wrolstad ( nod ) it 's a problem . Mary go and lean down next to Robert 's bed and kiss he on the cheek . he stir . mary I gotta go , kiddo . Big story , gotta go ask question . ROBERT ( yawn ) with the man with the camera ? mary ( smile at the question ) yes , with the man with the camera . he roll over . she kiss he again and rise . go to the door where wrolstad stand . he whisper to she : wrolstad you be careful , okay ? this be honor and duty . this be where they live . 44 , she look at he . mary I will be careful , Mark . wrolstad nod . enough for he . she kiss he and start for the stair . turn back , with a think . mary ( cont 'd ) maybe you should let he watch this one . wrolstad nod . okay . she kiss he once more and go . int . dallas / fort worth airport -- arrival -- day September 5th - 3 day to Air . a amazingly dishevel Dan Rather come down the jetway . Mary hold up a folder . mary more memo from burkett . int . arrival -- day Mary and Dan sit in a bank of chair as traveler swirl around they . Dan , scan the new memo . he stop , read aloud : dan " staudt have obviously pressured hodge more about Bush . I be have trouble run interference and do my job . Harris give I a message today from Group regard Bush 's oetr ... he look at Mary , question . mary Officer effectiveness train report . dan " staudt be push to sugar coat it . Bush be not here during rating period and I do not have any feedback from 187th in Alabama . I will not rate . " ( pause ) Bush be not here during rating period ... 45 . mary they be try to get killian to file a rating for Bush while he be not even on base . ( pause ) this be proof that he be awol . a long beat . Dan look up at she . dan who be I talk to first ? int . austin HOTEL room -- day Robert strong - former Texas Air National Guard ( 60' ) sit in a chair . Dan across from he . camera rolling . dan be there any doubt in you mind that this memo be genuine ? strong well , they be compatible with the way business be do at that time . they be compatible with the man that I remember Jerry killian be . off to the side , Mary , Lucy , and Smith stand watch . dan what do you think Colonel killian be try to do with this memo ? strong I think he be try to get a duty perform and I think he be try to protect himself because of the political environment in which he find himself . dan political consideration be a major force in the Guard ? strong it verge on outright corruption the favor that be do , the power that be trade . ( more ) 46 . strong ( cont 'd ) from a moral and ethical standpoint , it be unconscionable . time CUT to : after the interview . the cameraman be pack up as Dan bid farewell to Robert strong . Mary look to the other . mary let 's go to New York ... int . american airline ( flying ) -- night a night flight . most people doze in the dark cabin . Smith read . someone take a seat next to he . he look up to see it be Dan Rather . dan I do not get the chance to introduce myself before . Dan Rather . smith ( star-struck ) no shit . I mean , Mike Smith . I mean - yes . you be . I be Mike . Smith . hi . dan Mary say you be the one who call I " the Old man " ? smith I - wow . really not happy she share that with you . Dan smile . dan I want to thank you for all you hard work on this . it 's important . questioning thing . people say it do not matter , one side or the other will always say we be be partisan ... but the day we stop ask question be the day the american people lose . it may sound hokey , but I really believe that . 47 . elsewhere on the plane - Lucy and Colonel Charles sit next to each other , go through document . lucy you know what 's crazy ? colonel charle ( not look up ) many thing be crazy . tell I what specifically you feel be crazy . lucy the fact they keep this secret for so long . Colonel Charles look over to Mary doze a few seat away . colonel charle you know why Mary do not get this story do in 2000 , do not you ? Lucy shake she head . colonel charle ( cont 'd ) her mother die . right in the middle of it . so this story never get finish and the election happen . a election decide by 537 vote . ( pause ) sometimes I think if Mary 's mom have not die that summer , there 's a good chance Al Gore would be President right now . lucy what about she father ? colonel charle Mary 's father be a drunken piece of shit who hate himself so much that he beat he daughter . the more outspoken they be , the harder he hit they . how do you think she fare ? Lucy look at Mary 's sleep form . lucy she would get beat up for ask question ? 48. colonel charle that 's right . lucy and this be what she do for a live . Dan retake he seat next to a sleep Mary as the Colonel and Lucy watch . colonel charle people be funny sometimes . that 's part of what it be between she and Dan , I think . why they work so well together . why they need each other . ( shake he head ) father and daughter . Lucy do not know how to respond . Pan to Mary . the plane fly on through the night . int . CBS news -- lobby -- morning September 6th - 2 day to Air . the lobby of 555 West 57th . we team stride across it bleary eye . mary tell I about the document examiner . lucy there be four . we have marcel matley come in from San Francisco today to do on -camera . Linda James in Texas want to see the original - mary so would I , but we do not have they . lucy that 's what I tell she . Jim pierce in Los Angeles just get start today and Emily will in North Carolina want you to call she ... as they step into the elevator emily will ( 0.s. ) I think you have a problem . 49 , int . mary office / emily will office -- day Mary sit at she desk unpack she carry - on , on the phone with Emily will - document examiner . intercut : emily will I have be do some internet research . the President be in Alabama when this be write , so there 's no way they could be true . mary have you find anything wrong with the document themselves ? emily will no , but - mary do they appear forge in any way ? emily will without the original to ink test - mary let I worry about the investigational side of the story . emily will I always work the whole thing . ( pause ) do you know where this originate ? establish exact chain of custody would go a long way towards determine authenticity . mary we be work on it ... int . burkett home -- day burkett , on the phone with Mary . intercut : burkett I give you the memo , you verify they , that be the deal . you call the Kerry campaign for I yet ? they can not lie down on this swift boat shit . 50 . mary if I could just confirm where you get the memo , we would be home free . burkett I tell you , I can not go on the record - mary you would not have to . just give I the name . that 's all I need . a beat . burkett exhaling . then : burkett George conn . buddy of mine in the Guard . he be there for the scrubbing . but you call he and he will deny it . time CUT to : through Mary 's phone : answering machine ( 0.s. ) you have reach the conn residence , please leave a message at the beep . mary Colonel , this be Mary mape , I 'ma producer at 60 Minutes . if you could call I back at you earliest convenience , it 's regard a story we be airing Wednesday night . she hang up as Colonel Charles poke he head in . colonel charle matley 's ready . int . conference room -- day now set up for a interview . several enlargement of signature hang on a board . marcel matley - document examiner stand take Dan through they as the camera roll . marcel matley I would say base on we available handwrite evidence , yes , this be the same person . ( more ) 51 . marcel matley ( cont 'd ) now , this signature on the June 24th document show some conspicuous difference , but it also show what I call inconspicuous similarity to Colonel killian 's handwrite . dan why might difference like that exist ? marcel matley the content of the memo be highly stressful , killian tell a higher up that he cannot rate Bush during he absence . this be enough to explain difference in the penstroke . Dan just stare at he . dan would you give we a moment ? he turn and walk over to where Mary stand . dan ( cont 'd ) it 's like listen to someone describe paint dry - mary he say it , though . it be in there somewhere . can you get the bite ? Dan nod and walk back to matley . dan be you say that if I present this to the american public and say , to the best of we knowledge , this document be all sign by the same man , I be go to be on solid ground ? a beat . everyone lean forward to hear . on matley . marcel matley yes . timecut to : 52 . int . conference room -- day after the interview . matley have depart , the equipment sit dormant . Dan stand with Mary , Lucy , and Colonel Charles . lucy matley 's a yes , Jim pierce be a yes , Emily will 's still work and Linda James want more document , but say she will defer to matley . mary all the date and content in the burkett memo mesh perfectly with the official record - I be try to have graphic mock something up to show it visually . they look to Dan . he shake he head . dan we do not have it yet . groan from the other . Dan press forward . dan ( cont 'd ) someone have to confirm the content of the memo . someone who know the player . colonel charle no one from the Guard be gonna step up for that . look at what happen to burkett - you talk , you get you head chop off . dan what about killian 's family ? mary Super pro-bush so they would never go for it , plus there be a divorce there . I do not know if she would know anything . dan who be killian 's commander again ? 53 . mary Buck staudt , who have figuratively and literally tell I to go fuck myself , and Bobby hodge , who I have leave eighteen message for . Dan stare at she . his meaning clear . mary ( cont 'd ) Fine , I will go do nineteen ... int . mary office -- night Smith lie on the couch . Colonel Charles toss a ball back and forth between he hand nervously . Mary dial she phone . smith you want to get pizza ? ( to Colonel Charles ) we should get pizza . the phone be ringing . picked up . through the receiver : general hodge ( 0.s. ) hello ? Mary blink , surprised . mary General hodge ? general hodge ( 0.s. ) yes . Mary snap she finger for they to pick up a second line to listen in . mary this be , uh , Mary mape with 60 Minutes ? I would like to speak with you about some old memo I have come across from the 111th fighter Interceptor squadron . they appear to be from the personal file of Jerry killian ? a beat . general hodge ( 0.s. ) okay . 54 . mary I would like to read they to you if that 's all right ? general hodge ( 0.s. ) okay . mary um , the first one be date June 24 , 1973 and the subject be Bush , George W , ist Lieutenant . ( read ) Sir : I get a call from you staff concern the evaluation of ist Lieutenant Bush due this month . his rater be Lieutenant Colonel Harris . neither Lieutenant Colonel Harris or I feel we can rate lst Lieutenant Bush since he be not training with the 111th fis since April 1972 . his recent activity be outside the rating period . advise I how we be suppose to handle this . hodge say nothing . just breathes . Smith and Colonel Charles be both stare , in disbelief hodge have not hang up . Mary fumble for a second memo . mary ( cont 'd ) okay , this one be August 18 , 1973 and title subject : cya , which I believe mean " cover you ass " ? ( read ) staudt have obviously pressured hodge more about Bush . I be have trouble run interference and do my job . no response . she continue . mary ( cont 'd ) Harris give I a message today from Group regard Bush 's oetr . and staudt be push to sugar coat it . Bush be not here during rating period and I do not have any feedback from 187th in Alabama . I will not rate . Austin be not happy either . ( more ) silence . 55 . mary ( cont 'd ) Harris take the call from Group today . I will backdate but will not rate . Harris agree . you could hear a pin drop . Mary lower the paper . mary ( cont 'd ) Sir , be this memo familiar to you ? a short exhale of breath from hodge . then : general hodge ( 0.s. ) they be . Smith pump he fist in victory ! general hodge ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) use someone 's personal note , that 's go overboard . you be try to make news , create a story here when there be not one . mary we be not try to create anything , General . Colonel killian be upset Bush miss he physical ? general hodge ( 0.s. ) he be a overboard hardnose . he do not like the weekend guy . but Bush go to Alabama with everyone 's bless . killian think he be do the best job he could . you be create a situation here ... int . dan' office -- night Dan look up to see Mary stand in he doorway , beam . Dan grin . mary we have it . int . 60 minute -- conference room -- day Close on Dan . dan tell I the truth , the whole truth about what happen with George W. Bush and the draft and the National Guard . sitting across from he , BEN barne heave a sigh . look on , along with josh howard and mary murphy . September 7th - 1 Day to Air BEN barne ( deep breath ) sid adger , a friend of the Bush family , come to see I and ask I if I would recommend George W. Bush for the Air National Guard . and I do . int . josh howard office -- afternoon 56 . Mary Mary , Colonel Charles , Smith , Lucy , Mary Murphy , and josh be crowded into the office . mary I be concerned about the sheer amount of story we have . barne , the document , miss the physical , be awol from Alabama - - colonel charle it 's like four different angle on the same story . mary maybe we could split they ? run barne tomorrow and the document on the Sunday broadcast ? josh Sunday show will not give we the real estate . where be we with the rest of it ? Lucy check she note . lucy get a email from Emily will , one of the examiner . she have some concern about the superscript thing . 57 . josh superscript ? mary the raise " th " that come after " 111th " . she be worried that function be not available on military typewriter in the 70' . ( to Lucy ) I speak to matley - he say they be available then . Emily tell I she defer to he . josh good . White House will have someone for on camera in the morning . I can not send Dan because of the storm . mary that fuck hurricane hate I . int . 60 minute -- conference room -- day September 8th - Day of air. Dark . the whole team sit , screen a rough CUT of they piece on a drop down screen - Mary , Smith , Colonel Charles , Lucy , josh , and Mary Murphy . there be lawyer and executive watch as well . on the screen - Dan speak with barne : BEN barne I do not think I have any right to have the power that I have , to choose who be go to go to Vietnam and who be not go to go to Vietnam . that 's power . in some instance , when I look at that name , I be maybe determine life or death . and that 's not a power that I want to have . dan too strong or not to say that you be ashamed of it now ? BEN barne oh , I think that would be somewhat of a appropriate thing . I be very , very sorry . 58 . cut to the 60 minute stopwatch - tick , tick , tick , tick ... the light come up . the first person to speak be betsy West - senior vice President , Prime time . betsy what 's it run ? mary sixteen minute , at least three over . betsy some of the document stuff be slow , you can definitely trim there . josh how about flipping it - open with barne and then do the document . it would keep it chronological . betsy 's nodd , she like the idea . betsy you have get three hour . Pan to the wall where the clock read 4:10 ... int . 60 minute -- editing -- night the clock on the wall here read 6:52 . a editor toggle the footage back and forth . onscreen : marcel matley .-- base on we available handwrite evidence , yes , this be the same person . now , this signature on the June 24th document show some conspicuous difference , but it also show what I call inconspicuous similarity ... josh tap we Mary on the shoulder and motion she out into the hall . she follow . hushed : josh we need to lose matley . we be forty second over and he 's a shit interview . the mesh graphic 's terrible too . 59 . mary it show where the new document fall in line with the original - josh poorly . we be out of time . it 's you call . what do you want to do ? on Mary . a long beat ... mary cut it . timecut to : clock - 7:44 . everyone tense . the close they have ever cut it . Mary stare at the screen . the other stare at Mary . editor we have to start output in two minute . mary I know . editor we do not start output in two minute , we will not have a show . sweat on she brow . stare at the screen . finally : mary lock it . start output . she push back from the control as the tech swoop in and start push button , output the report to tape . the editor glance at the clock . editor if there 's a computer hiccup ... mary Tom , I worship you , but shut the fuck up . all eye on the progress bar . 20 % ... 30 % ... 40 % ... smith this be really tense . 60 . nobody respond . finally the computer ping with a do sound . Mary eject the tape and hand it to Lucy . mary go ! Lucy run ... int . mary house -- kitchen -- night wrolstad sit with Robert . clock on the wall , 8:00 . straight up . from they tv - tick , tick , tick , tick , tick ... on tv Dan sit in front of a image the read " for the record " dan the military record of the two man run for president have become part of the political arsenal in this campaign - a tool for building up , or blow up , each candidate 's credibility as America 's next commander - in-chief . Robert look up at the tv , toy momentarily forget ... dan ( cont 'd ) while Senator Kerry have be target for what he do in Vietnam , President Bush have be criticize for avoid Vietnam by landing a spot in the Texas Air National Guard - and then apparently fail to meet some of he obligation in the Guard . int . burkett' home -- night burkett and Nicki , together on they couch ... dan do then Lieutenant Bush fulfill all of he military obligation ? int . BEN barne ' office -- night barne sit alone with a glass of scotch , not watch ... 61 . dan ( v.0 . ) and just how do he land that spot in the National Guard in the first place ? int . 60 minute -- bullpen -- night Mary , with she team . push in on she face slowly , take in the report , finally go out over the air : dan tonight we have new document and new information on the President 's military service , and the first - ever interview with the man who say he pull string to get young George W. Bush into the Texas Air National Guard ... Mary smile . we fade to a montage of different people watch all over the country -- int . diner -- night kitchen worker and patron eat dinner , watch the tv bolt to the wall ... int . airport gate -- night traveler wait for they flight , watch as the story play ... int . TEXAS bar -- night local sit on barstool watch the tv among the christmas light . people from all different walk of life , all be touch by the power of television . fade to : a montage of newscast - all cover the story . overlap soundbite about Bush 's Guard service , grow until we see a television set - show a local New York newscast : local newscaster ... the 60 Minutes report which unearth new document regard ( more ) 62 . local newscaster ( cont 'd ) the President be send shockwave throughout Washington tonight ... int . pierre HOTEL bar -- night later . we group , celebrate at the bar . Smith and Lucy watch the tv . the Colonel next to he . colonel charle this be what we business be now . report on report . why break news when you can just talk about other news ? thirty minute from now , someone 's gonna do a story on this guy do a story on we . and then they will all win peabody . lucy this one matter . Smith smile at she . elsewhere Mary 's phone ring . she step away from the group , answer . mary hello ? intercut : wrolstad Nice . even the kid like it . mary really ? wrolstad you be a hell of a reporter , babe . Mary smile . means the world to she . mary I will be home tomorrow , okay ? wrolstad okay . wrolstad hang up . Mary pocket she phone , turn back to the bar . then stop . across the room 63 . stands Dan . talk to some people he know . he catch she eye . raise a glass to she . a dignify salute . a beat . she raise hers back . no word speak . no word need . a real moment between they . Dan smile and return to he conversation . and Mary go back to she team at the bar . fade to black as we hear more and more report about the story , now in different language as it be pick up all over the world ... fade in on : ext . west 57th STREET -- morning Mary crossing the street , head for building 555 ... newscaster ( 0.s . ) ...- latest overnight poll which have Bush 's number stabilize and Kerry rise ... int . mary office -- morning Mary , drink coffee . check email . one from josh . I be just sit here think about how amazing you be . I be buckle in , wait to see where you take we next . let 's go ! josh Mary smile . sip she coffee . a moment of serenity and peace . and then betsy West come around the corner . betsy Mary , what 's go on ? this blog be say the memo can be recreate exactly in Microsoft Word . Mary blink . mary who 's say this ? betsy a conservative website . ( more ) 64 . betsy ( cont 'd ) ( vead a printout ) every one of this memo to file be in a proportionally space font , probably palatino or Times New Roman . as she continue read , Mary swivel back to she computer , open ms Word , grab a memo and begin to retype it ... betsy ( cont 'd ) in 1972 typewriter use monospace font . the use of proportionally space font do not come into common use until the introduction of personal computer . they be not widespread until the mid to late 90' . before then , you need typesetting equipment , and that be not use for personal memo to file . I be say this document be forgeries , run through a copier for 15 generation to make they look old . she stop as Mary hold a copy of the memo up to the screen . stare at they both . they look nearly identical . betsy ( cont 'd ) Mary ... what the hell be go on ? Mary stare at the screen . she have no idea . smith ( 0.s. ) it 's on drudge ! int . josh howard office -- morning josh and Mary Murphy , look at the drudge report website . the headline - BUSH document fake . josh ( read ) the space be not just similar , it be identical . notice that the date line up perfectly , all the line break be in the same place , and all letter line up with the same letter above and below . ( more ) 65 . josh ( cont 'd ) and I do not change a single thing from Word 's default ; margin , type size , tab stop , etcetera , be all use the default setting - josh 's phone ring . he stop . they look at each other . murphy what the hell be we gonna do ? josh answer the phone . josh hello ? ( listen ; to Murphy ) betsy 's office , right now . int . betsy west's office -- day Mary , Smith , Colonel Charles , and Lucy sit on a couch . josh and Murphy across from they . betsy stand with gil schwartz - CBS Public Relations . schwartz due respect , do you fuck up ? mary we have four document examiner work separately and not one of they say the memo be not real . schwartz do any of they try type they into Microsoft Word ? mary I do not know , gil , I be not a document examiner , but I be assume part of they job be make sure this thing be not whipped up last Tuesday . josh just because some guy on the internet have a problem with we report - betsy it 's not just guy on the internet . ABC News be go after this . nightline specifically - 66 . mary you mean they be go after Dan . a beat . schwartz look to betsy . betsy yes . schwartz tell they about the superscript . betsy it 's the little " th " that pop up after you type a number like 111th - mary I know what it be , what about it ? betsy blogger be say it 's a big red flag this be do on a computer . they say it do not exist on typewriter in the 1970' . lucy one of we examiner raise that concern as well . Mary shoot she a glance . mary Emily will , yeah , but matley say they do have they and she defer to he . schwartz they will kill we on that . they will kill we on that alone . josh I do not understand , what do they want ? mary they want we to say we be wrong . because if we be wrong , all the question we ask about the President 's service go away . they be all look at she now . 67 . mary ( cont 'd ) look , we have the document examiner . we have Bob strong , who work at Guard headquarters and say the memo be write in the vernacular of the Guard at the time . and we have Bobby hodge , killian 's commanding officer , who confirm both the content of the memo and that they reflect killian 's state of mind at the time . we have this story . betsy make sure . reconfirm with everybody . schwartz and find we another goddamn " th " in the official record , okay ? I wanna ram it down they throat . int . CBS news -- make up room -- afternoon Dan , get make up for the news . Mary poke she head in . mary you have hear ? dan yes . and it 's bullshit , pardon my french . people have be attack I for thirty year , it 's not go to start bother I now . be you okay ? Mary nod . then : mary we be gonna be in a fight here , Dan . dan I still get a few good one leave in I . mary you get you contract sewn up yet ? dan I get the President of the news division he job here , I will be fine . ( more ) 68 . dan ( cont 'd ) now give I something to hit back with . int . 60 minute -- conference room -- afternoon stack of box on the center table . all of they label BUSH guard record . Smith , Colonel Charles , and Lucy stand . colonel charle we need to find that " th " ... he pull off the top of the first box ... int . josh howard office -- evening josh , at he desk . on tv - Dan give the news : dan -- killing 9 people and wound 180 . Jemaah islamiyah , the Southeast asian terrorist group claim responsibility -- josh change the channel to ABC world news tonight . peter jenning -- several document expert contact by ABC News have raise serious question about the authenticity of this new memo ... int . mary office -- evening Mary , dial she phone . ABC also on she tv : peter jenning and then there 's this , the little superscript " th " . that 's something very few typewriter could do in 1972 -- Mary mute jenning as the phone ring . through the line : general hodge ( 0.s. ) you have reach Robert hodge , please leave a message . 69 . mary General hodge , this be Mary mape , we need to get in touch again as soon as possible . please call I . she hang up . rise and go out she door to int . 60 minute office -- bullpen walk past the desk , she notice she 's draw the stare of a few co-worker . she 's the woman who do this . she head to int . 60 minute conference room -- night her team still go through document . Smith see she come in . shake he head . Mary pull up a chair to help ... timecut to : later . the group continue to sift through papers . on tv -- nightline . a woman be interview , the graphic read marjorie connell - Jerry killian 's widow marjorie connell ( 0.s. ) number one , he would not have type because he do not type . number two , the wording be very suspect to I . I just can not believe that this be my late husband 's word - mute . they look up . josh , hold the remote . piss . josh staudt be already out of the Guard . mary what be you talk about ? josh ( hold it up ) the cya memo date August 18 , 1973 - " staudt have obviously pressured hodge more about Bush . " staudt leave the guard in 1972 . so how the fuck could he still be pressure ? a beat . 70 . mary listen . when a commanding officer - josh the blogger be have a field day with this ! mary when a General leave he posting and go to work for conoco on the same base he still wield a enormous amount of influence there . do not matter when he leave . back I up , Roger . colonel charle she 's right . josh stare at they . josh forgive I if I do not think everyone 's go to see it the way you do . silence as this sink in . on tv Gary killian - Son of Jerry killian be speak . almost to make a point , josh unmute : gary killian - it be not the nature of my father to keep private file like this , nor would it have be in he own interest to do so . josh throw the remote on the table and stalk out . a beat . smith this be bad ... colonel charle no . when they start ask to talk to we source ? then it will be bad . lucy they be come for we , Roger . silence . the Colonel look back down to he stack of papers and stop . colonel charle I get one . 71 . everyone look it he . mary what ? colonel charle ( stare at the page ) I ... have a superscript " th " . here . and they be move towards he now , take the paper from he . look to see , a superscript " th " , plain as day . mary josh ! josh rush back in . Mary hold up the page for he to see . mary ( cont 'd ) call Dan , tell he we just get in the fight . ext . west 57th STREET -- morning the sun shine as it rise ... int . dan' apartment -- morning Dan sit at he kitchen table . drink he coffee watch good morning america : GEORGE stephanopolous CBS be still stand by its story and in fact they be also point to another source , a Colonel Robert hodge , who be a immediate superior to Mr. killian . int . mary office -- morning Mary type feverishly . her tv play the same broadcast . GEORGE stephanopolous they say they read this document to Colonel hodge and he say " that sound like what killian be tell I at the time " . hodge be not speak to anyone else yet . 72 . mary ( shouting at the tv ) because we can not get he on the fuck phone ! int . dan' apartment -- morning charle gibson have it come to this , though , George ? you be talk about the fact we have all become expert on document in the last few day . have it come to this , that , that question get raise ? Dan drink he coffee . ready for the fight . int . CBS evening news -- broadcast studio -- evening Dan sit at the anchor desk , deliver the night 's broadcast . dan that raise question about the document have focus on something call superscript , a key that automatically type a raise " th . " in the fishbowl Mary and the other watch on monitor . graphic of the document with Dan 's voice - over : dan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Critic claim typewriter do not have that ability in the 1970 . but some model do . Shots of a 111th from the killian memo and a 111th from a official memo be show side by side . dan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in fact , other Bush military record already release by the White House itself show the same superscript - here 's one from 1968 . some analyst outside CBS say they believe the typeface on this memo be New Times Roman , which they claim be not available in the 1970 . ( more ) 73 . dan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but the owner of the company that distribute this type style say it have be available since 1931 . Shots of matley look at the document and the enlargement of the signature . dan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) document and handwrite examiner marcel matley analyze the document for CBS News . he say he believe they be real , but be concerned about exactly what be be examine by some of the people now question the document , because deterioration occur each time a document be reproduce . and the document be analyze outside of CBS have be photocopy , fax , scan and download , and be far remove from the document CBS start with . Shots of Dan and matley look at the document . dan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) matley do this interview with we prior to Wednesday 's broadcast . he look at the document and the signature of Colonel Jerry killian , compare know document with the Colonel 's signature on the newly discover one . cut to matley , sit in a chair for the interview . marcel matley we look basically at what 's call significant or insignificant feature to determine whether it 's the same person or not . TI have no problem identify they . I would say base on we available handwrite evidence , yes , this be the same person . voice -over from Dan : dan ( v.0 . ) matley find the signature to be some of the most compelling evidence . we talk to he again today by satellite . 74 . Dan in the studio , speak to matley on a big screen tv . dan ( cont 'd ) be you surprised from some of the question that come from this ? we be not , but be you surprised ? marcel matley I know go in that this be dynamite one way or the other . and I know that potentially it could do far more damage to I professionally than benefit I . but we seek the truth . that 's what we do . you be suppose to put yourself out , to seek the truth and take what come from it . int . CBS evening news -- " the fishbowl " -- night after the broadcast . Dan push through the door and Mary and betsy rise to meet he . dan told you I have it in I . betsy I be call Andrew right now ... she step away , dial she cell . Dan shake he mary f.e.a . dan no kid . what do you think ? mary I think you park it . Smith run up , excited . smith Bobby hodge be on the phone . head . 75 . int . dan' office -- night Dan at he desk , Mary on he couch . each with a phone to they ear . a beat . Mary punch through the call . mary General hodge , it 's Mary mape . I have Dan Rather on the line with I - general hodge ( 0.s. ) why be the Washington Post describe I as you '' trump card " in this ? you tell them that , Dan ? dan I do not , sir . general hodge ( 0.s. ) it say a highly place CBS source refer to I as you trump card - mary General , that be not I and it be not Dan - general hodge ( 0.s. ) because I be not . I have see all the coverage , and I have to say , I think the memo be fake . mary you - Excuse I ? Dan look over at Mary - what the hell ? general hodge ( 0.s. ) I do not believe Jerry killian write that memo . Mary be frantically go through she notebook . mary Sir , when we speak on September 6th - I be sorry , I be just go through my note - when we speak , you say the content of the memo be familiar to you , be that correct ? 76 . general hodge ( 0.s. ) yes . mary and that they " reflect Colonel killian 's mindset at the time " . general hodge ( 0.s. ) they do . but I have not physically see they - mary what physically about the memo make you now doubt they authenticity ? general hodge ( 0.s. ) Jerry 's family say he do not write they . Mary look like she 's about to pop a blood vessel . Dan try a different tack . dan General , the thrust of we story be about what happen with the President 's guard service . now if , as you say , Colonel killian really feel this way and the thing describe in the memo - pressure from higher up to get he in and then to give he break be true , we would like to talk to you about that . general hodge ( 0.s. ) I be just tell you I now believe the memo be forgeries - dan forget the memo . be what we present regard President Bush accurate ? a beat . general hodge ( 0.s . ) I do not want to get in the middle of this . 77 . dan would you be willing to sit down with I tomorrow ? I can come there - general hodge ( 0.s. ) I be sorry . maybe after the election . mary General - general hodge ( 0.s. ) the family say they be fake and I be support the family . I be sorry . click . he 's hang up . silence . and then mary shit ! int . andrew heyward office -- night thick rug and leather couch . Mary sit on one . betsy work the phone , josh stand over she . heyward at he desk , gil schwartz at he side . andrew heyward what be we do about hodge recanting ? mary we say we respect General hodge and believe he the first time we speak with he . betsy hang up the phone . weary . betsy ABC be reach out to two of we examiner , Emily will and Linda James . they say they never authenticate . mary of course they do not . they could not . schwartz why ? mary because they be copy ! ( more ) 78 . mary ( cont 'd ) ( off they look ) there 's no original ink or paper to test , so one can say with a hundred percent certainty they be real or forgeries . that 's why they can attack we . heyward and schwartz stare at she . schwartz Jesus Christ ... andrew heyward but on the internet they be certain , Mary , and it 's kill we . mary that be lousy wannabe analyst - andrew heyward then we will get some lousy analyst of we own ! we be lose this war ! mary we story be about whether Bush 's connection get he into the Guard and cover for he when he miss commitment and every bit of research we find back that up ! the document be just a small part of that , but they be not the point of the story - andrew heyward it do not matter what the point be ! we need to stop the bleed - mary they do not get to do this ! josh do what ? mary they do not get to smack we just for ask the question ! silence . josh look away . Mary do not seem to realize what she 's say . heyward turn away from she . 79 . andrew heyward I want new analyst back we by Monday morning . go . it take Mary a moment to find the door . josh stay . heyward look at he , question . josh Andrew ... the way this entire thing have be handle ... if you would like my resignation , I understand . heyward stare at he . softly : andrew heyward get out of my office . int . pierre HOTEL -- mary HOTEL room -- night Mary lie on the bed , stare at she ceiling . bad headache . the light buzz . her laptop beep . she crawl to it . New email . from Dan Rather . she click on it . do not forget to eat . Mary smile . then have a idea . type in a web address . right -wing message board . know she should not , but do it anyway . scrol through comment . most of they focus on CBS . keeps scrolling . and then she stop . pasted into the comment be a photo of herself . next to it -- here 's the bitch . Mary stare at it . a beat . scroll down . God , do she look like a evil lefty sneak . somebody wear out the whole bag of ugly stick on she . Ugly stick ? she fall out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down . scroll farther . yup . she sure look like a socialist to I . mape : feminazi propagandist . 80 . methink she be also of the " diesel " persuasion . a good many of they be force to join that rank because man avoid they like the plague . I be picture Sean hannity right now sharpen he knife to gut this witch . eye focus on the last three word float on the screen ... gut this witch CUT to : int . mary bedroom -- night wrolstad blink awake . look at the clock . 3:31 . look beside he . no one there . the sound of a printer work come from down the hall ... int . mary home office -- night Mary sip cold coffee as the printer clack back and forth . huge stack of printout litter the office . wrolstad ( 0.s. ) when do you get in ? she turn to see he in the doorway . mary I be worried there would be camera at the airport . do not want Robert to see that . wrolstad nod , pretend he 's okay with that . wrolstad so what be you do in here ? mary ( not look up ) work . wrolstad look at she . wrolstad you want to go take a walk or - 81 . mary no , I do not want to take a fuck walk , Mark , I want to sit here and do this , okay ? wrolstad okay . he back out of the room , leave she to it . int . mary bedroom -- night wrolstad blink awake again . Mary 's stand over he . mary sorry . wrolstad it 's okay . she sit on the edge of the bed . mary no , it 's not . it 's like no matter what I say or do , I be gonna get hit . wrolstad this be not that . mary when my dad use to start in on I , I would think , " I be not gonna cry , I be not gonna ask he to stop . " I be not go to give he the satisfaction of see how much it hurt . so he would just go harder . and I would think , someday , I be go to fight you . ( shake she head ) but I never do . wrolstad stare at she . wrolstad now . she look up at he , confuse . 82. wrolstad ( cont 'd ) you have to fight now . CUT to : on tv -- a exhaust Dan , interview Bill glennon , a IBM typewriter repairman . one of CBS 's new " lousy expert " . bill glennon everything in that document that people be say can not be do thirty - two year ago be totally false . proportional space be available , superscript be available as a custom feature , proportional space between line be available ; you could order that any way you like ... pull back to reveal we be in int . 60 minute -- editing -- evening Mary , cut the interview , with Smith , Colonel Charles , and the editor . josh step in . shut the door . josh Word 's come down from Andrew . they want to talk to you source . mary what if my source do not want to talk to they ? josh then you will convince he . you be good at convincing people to do thing , be not you ? Mary 's eye narrow . mary I just want you to know how important you support have be through this entire process . josh call you fuck source , Mary . he slam the door behind he . the Colonel turn to Smith . 83 . colonel charle now it 's bad . int . mary office -- night Mary , on the phone with Nicki burkett . intercut : nicki you say he would not have to . mary Nicki - nicki you say you would verify the document and he would not have to do anything else - mary ( sharply ) well , it do not work out that way , do it ? no response . Mary sigh . mary ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Nicki , I be tired . nicki Bill do nothing wrong . mary no one 's say he do . I just need he to get on the phone with my boss and tell he what he tell I . Nicki do not respond . Mary play she last card . mary ( cont 'd ) it would mean a lot to Dan . please ? another beat and then ... int . heyward office -- night Mary , Dan , and betsy on couch . josh and Mary Murphy sit in chair . heyward sit at he desk , lean on a speaker phone . 84. andrew heyward Bill ? this be Andrew heyward , I be the President of CBS News . burkett ( 0.s. ) be Dan there ? dan I be here , Colonel . burkett ( 0.s. ) Heard hodge turn tail on you . all this guy run from it . you know I get health problem ? heyward glance at the other - " who be this guy ? " andrew heyward I have hear that , which be why I do not want to take up too much of you time . I be wonder if you would fill I in on a few thing . burkett ( 0.s. ) shoot . andrew heyward well , how you come to be in possession of the document . you tell Mary it be from a man name George conn ? burkett ( 0.s. ) she be bugging I so much about it I have to tell she something . on Mary , she face sink . heyward shoot she a look . andrew heyward so that 's not accurate ? burkett ( 0.s. ) no , sir , it be not . Mary curse under she breath . andrew heyward would you mind tell we what really happen ? 85 . burkett ( 0.s. ) I get a call in March from a guy who say a woman name Lucy ramirez want to get in contact with I . he tell I to call the Houston holiday Inn between 7 and 10 and ask for a specific room , so I do . this ramirez woman tell I she be suppose to be a go-between , a person to deliver a package of document to I . betsy scribbles furiously to get this all down ... burkett ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be suppose to copy the document inside and then burn the original , which be also copy , and the envelope . destroy the DNA evidence of where they come from , you see . andrew heyward of course . burkett ( 0.s. ) so she say " when be you gonna be in Houston next ? " and I tell she we be come to the livestock show in a few week - we sell simmental cattle . the show be a excellent way to advertise we bull semen . on betsy 's note - burn papers , livestock show , bull semen ... burkett ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so the first day at the show , a dark skinned fellah come up , hand I a envelope , walk away . Inside be that memo . I burn the rest like he say . done and do . andrew heyward and be this the same man who talk to you on the phone ? burkett ( 0.s. ) no idea . maybe . andrew heyward and you do not tell Mary all this before because ... 86 . burkett ( 0.s. ) Said I would keep it quiet . Mary do a good job on this . do not judge she too harshly . mary ( hollow ) thanks , Bill . burkett ( 0.s. ) De nada . heyward , still reeling . andrew heyward Bill , this be , uh - this be pretty amazing stuff . maybe you would be willing to sit down and talk about it for we ? help clear the air for everyone ? burkett ( 0.s. ) do not know . what do you think , Dan ? dan I think they can not hit we any harder than they already be , Colonel . go on the record and tell the truth . be do with it . silence . finally : burkett ( 0.s. ) okay . andrew heyward my office will make the necessary arrangement . thanks for you time . burkett ( 0.s. ) Goodbye . click . call over . everyone sit there in silence . and then Mary laugh at the absurdity of it all . can not help it . betsy you think this be funny ? mary you do not ? it 's the manchurian candidate meet hee haw ! 87 . andrew heyward we need he on camera as soon as possible . betsy ? betsy nod as the group rise and head for the door . andrew heyward ( cont 'd ) Mary , hang back a sec ? Mary do . the other leave . heyward shut the door behind they and turn back to she . just the two of they . andrew heyward ( cont 'd ) when you sit with burkett , there should be a line of question about he motive . his political leaning , he view on the President . why he lie . people be go to cover how we cover this . we need to inoculate ourselves . mary thou shalt protect the company ... andrew heyward fuck that , I want Dan to survive this . mary why would not he survive this ? heyward look at she . do not respond . a beat . mary ( cont 'd ) if Dan feel like this be corporate positioning , he will not do it . andrew heyward he will not for I . he will for you . int . plane ( flying ) -- morning betsy sit across the aisle . Dan sit at the window , stare out at the cloud . Mary be next to he . watch he . try to decide what to do . ext . dallas / fort worth airport -- arrival Mary , betsy and Dan exit the airport terminal to find protester and camera crews shouting at they . pandemonium . 88 . mary Jesus ! a fox news reporter push to the front of the scrum , stick a microphone in Dan 's face and breathlessly ask : reporter Dan , you broadcast that fake memo ! do you feel dupe ? dan you work for Fox News . do you ? Mary hustle he into a wait car and shut the door . ext . crescent court HOTEL -- morning Crescent Court Hotel - Dallas , Texas . a lushly appoint hotel . Smith and Colonel Charles stand in front motor-court . Smith eye the nearby fountain . familiar . smith I think I have be throw out of this hotel ... the Colonel spot Mary and Dan 's car approach . colonel charle here they come . the car enter the hotel grounds and pull to a halt beside the fountain . Mary , Dan , and betsy get out of the car . dan where be the burkett ? colonel charle upstair get ready . mary Dan ? he look at she . mary ( cont 'd ) we need to ask why he lie to we . ( exchange look with betsy ) we need to make sure we get that . 89 . int . HOTEL room -- day Dan , Mary , and betsy come into the burkett 's room as Bill and Nicki rise to greet he . dan just want to come in say and hello before we get go . burkett well , thanks for that , Dan . dan this thing be fairly easy , we will just sit and talk a bit . I be also go to ask about why you misl we , do not want to take you by surprise with that . burkett I expect that , and I will be happy to set that straight . dan great . anytime you need to stop , get a drink of water , whatever , let we know . if you will excuse I , I gotta go get my war-paint on . ( smile ) worst part of this be the make up . burkett smile as Dan excuse himself . off to the side , Nicki stand with Mary and betsy . her simple cotton dress no match for the fashionable clothes of the news woman . mary it 's go to be fine , Nicki . on Nicki 's face . not buy it . int . HOTEL -- hospitality suite -- day the light blaze down . Dan sit across from burkett . make - up cake on he sweaty face . the interview be into it 's second hour . burkett be visibly tired . dan .-- but you tell we a different story . 90 . burkett to protect the people who give I the document . dan do they ask you to do this ? burkett they have want I to burn everything they - yeah , they do not want people to know they be the source on this . dan this man and this mystery woman . burkett that 's right . ( pause ) can I get some more water ? dan of course . a PA hand burkett water . Mary and betsy walk over to Dan . betsy we need a better bite on this . maybe instead of " do they ask you to do that " , say " do they ask you to lie ? " Dan look to Mary , who nod . mary I agree . dan okay . burkett finish sip the water . Dan look to he . dan ( cont 'd ) we be go to go back for a moment . burkett okay . dan this man and this mystery woman , do they ask you to lie to we ? 91 . burkett they do not want I to say how I get the document . dan and that 's why you initially misl we ? betsy begin write something on a card ... burkett yes . she hand the card to Mary - so that 's why you lie you we ? Mary look at she . betsy nod , urging " go on " ... burkett ( cont 'd ) you producer be push I to find out where I get the memo from . Mary hand Dan the card who scan it . dan so that 's why you lie to we ? burkett yes . and I know it cause some problem . he reach for the water again . Dan pause as he take a several gulp from it . betsy be write another card . why do not you tell we the truth when you give we the memo ? Mary raise a eyebrow at she . betsy give she another " go on " look . Mary hand the card to Dan while burkett breathes . Dan look at Mary . not pleased , but he will do it . dan ( to burkett ; gently ) whenever you be ready . burkett nod . finishes with the water . Nicki take it from he , not pleased with how this be go . dan ( cont 'd ) you say you know this would cause problem . 92 . burkett I know it do , I do not know it would . dan so , again , why do not you just tell we the truth when you give we the memo ? a exhale from Nicki on the sideline . not happy with this . burkett I be try to protect people , Dan . people who be try to tell the truth about what happen back then . betsy , write again - so you decide to lie about where the document come from ? Mary shake she head . not do it . dan and you believe this document be tell the truth ? burkett I do . betsy hand it to Dan herself . Dan look at it . frown . dan we have that already . betsy I want to make sure we have enough so it will cut - dan ( sharply ) we have it . I be move on . betsy move back to she chair , chasten . across the room , Nicki burkett stare at Mary , furious . int . HOTEL room -- afternoon after . Mary , betsy , Smith and Roger sit silence . pass a package of potato chip back and forth . Smith exhales . smith he 's a good guy , you know . 93 . betsy you think I enjoy that ? we should cut something for nightly , get it out immediately . Andrew agree . colonel charle f.e.a . betsy you guy and Dan always say that , what the hell do it mean ? a knock at the door . mary it 's open ! the door open to reveal Nicki burkett . lip purse and eye glisten . a beat . mary ( cont 'd ) how 's Bill do ? nicki ( softly ) do not you dare ask how Bill be . Bill be sick . he 's a sick man . and you do not give a damn about he . you just spend two hour try to destroy he . you make he crawl on - camera . you make he say , again and again , that he lie and it still be not enough for you . you want more . you want to put the blame on he for all the thing you do wrong put this story together . you want to wrap it all up in a neat package and say " it 's all Bill burkett 's fault . " well , it 's not , and you know it . and you promise when we come here to do this interview , we would get a fair shake and we get nothing from you but lie . she 's so mad she 's shaking . everyone else be too . mary Nicki - 94 . nicki you may think I be some stupid hick who do not know a damn thing about a damn thing and you be so smart and such a big shot . but I keep my promise and I do not destroy people to protect myself . I do not destroy people and humiliate they and then pretend I give a goddamn about how they be . to answer you question , Bill be not good . but then , you know that already . silence . no one else can summon a word . Nicki turn and leave they . betsy crumple up the chip bag and toss it on the table . not hungry anymore . ext . laguardia airport -- night as a plane touch down ... int . CBS news -- lobby Dan walk in , hefting he overnight bag . Andrew heyward stand wait for he . Dan see the look in he eye . andrew heyward we need to talk . int . pierre HOTEL -- mary room -- night late . a knock at the door . Mary click on the light and go to answer it . Dan , in he trench coat . dan what be the chance you have something alcoholic in there ? mary better than average . int . pierre HOTEL -- mary room -- later Dan sit on the sofa as Mary pour he a drink from tiny mini-bar bottle . dan how long have we know each other ? 95 . mary oh , Jesus , it 's that bad ? Mary hand he he drink and sit on the bed . dan there be go to be a investigation . CBS be go to appoint a independent panel to look in to how the story be put together . I be to make a announcement about it tomorrow . ( pause ) and I be go to apologize for the story on air . mary Andrew ask you to apologize ? Dan look up at she . dan he do not ask . mary it 's surrender . dan since burkett change he story , Andrew say CBS will no longer risk its reputation on this . mary he know . even before we go down there . he just want burkett on tape ... dan I need you to do I a favor . I need you to stop worry about I . mary that 's not gonna happen - dan you need to protect yourself now . we all do . he put he drink down and withdraw a business card . leave it on the table . Mary look at it . it be for a lawyer . 96 . int . mary office -- evening Mary sit on she couch . josh across from she . on tv - the feed from the evening newscast downstairs . dan last week , amid increase question about the authenticity of document use in support of a 60 Minutes Wednesday story about President Bush 's time in the Texas Air National Guard , CBS News vow to re-examine the document in question , and they source , vigorously . and we promise that we would let the american Public know whatever the outcome - Mary click off she tv . can not watch anymore . she look at josh . then : mary I be sorry this be you first story here . josh I be think next week we should just have Dan shoot the President . would cause much less drama . Mary laugh . josh smile . a nice moment . Broken by betsy come through the door , a strange look on she face . betsy Mary ? USA today want to know if you put burkett in touch with the Kerry campaign in exchange for document ? mary I know what this be about . josh , remember when I tell you burkett want to give the Kerry campaign advice on the swift boat stuff ? josh just stare at she . mary ( cont 'd ) I want to do a bullshit check on burkett after he say he would talk to ( more ) 97 . mary ( cont 'd ) Howard Dean ? you say I could contact the Kerry people to check and then burkett want I to give they he phone number and you say I could , so I do . ( pause ) do you remember any of this ? josh ( softly ) I must not have make myself clear . you must have misunderstand what I say you could do . Mary look at he , stricken . betsy Jesus Christ ! what else be go to fuck happen here ! unbelievable ! mary betsy - betsy no , you know what , Mary ? maybe it 's best if you just go home . Mary look from one of they to the other . josh will not meet she gaze . a beat . she gather up she thing ... int . CBS news -- lobby -- evening Mary 's heel clack on the marble floor as she head for the exit . tv 's on the wall play the CBS evening news . Dan 's voice , echoing all around she ... dan ( 0.s. after extensive additional interview , I no longer have the confidence in this document that would allow we to continue vouching for they journalistically . I find we have be misl on the key question of how we source for the document come into possession of this papers . that , combine with some of the question that have be raise in public and in the press , lead I to ( more ) 98 . dan ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) a point where , if I know then what I know now , I would not have go ahead with the story as it be aire , and I certainly would not have use the document in question . she push out through the door into the night ... int . mary live room -- day wrolstad hold the phone to he ear . wrolstad ...- I be sorry , she 's not speak to reporter at this time . he hang up and retake he seat next to Mary . sitting across from Smith and Colonel Charles , who open a file folder . colonel charle CBS have hire the firm of kirkpatrick and lockhart nicholson Graham to conduct the Review panel . Mary look at she friend . mary you paper trail they . smith ( smile ) of course . colonel charle over a thousand lawyer , headquartered in Seattle . they specialize in internal investigation . they be the one Bush bring in to rip apart worldcom last year . wrolstad the same worldcom that commit a 11 billion dollar fraud lead to the large bankruptcy filing in US History ? mary and we be as bad as they ? 99 . smith it get worse . Colonel Charles flip the page . colonel charle the panel will be co-chaire by k and L partner Richard thornburgh . Mary and wrolstad can not believe it . silence . colonel charle ( cont 'd ) former governor of Pennsylvania , first appoint as a U.S. Attorney by Richard Nixon . ran for Congress twice , lose to Democrats both time . second campaign be run by Karl Rove . but the crown jewel of he resume be serve as U.S. Attorney General from 1988 to 1991 under former President George h.w. Bush . smith the man run this " independent panel " work for Bush 's father . mary Jesus . who go in first ? smith Dan , then I , then Lucy , the Colonel , then you . you be the grand finale . wrolstad why ? colonel charle because they want to have everything they can on you before they put you in that chair . Mary do not know what to say . the phone ring again . wrolstad snatch it up . wrolstad I be sorry , she 's not speak with - ( pause ; to Mary ) it 's heyward . 100 . smith if he try to put someone else on the phone with you , hang up . ( off they look ) corporate policy , he have to have a witness on the line if he 's go to fire you . mary thanks for the pep talk . ( take the phone ) Andrew ? intercut : andrew heyward Mary , we have hire a private detective to go back over everything . I want you to turn over you note , you email , everything . mary I be think , if we could track down the actual typewriter - andrew heyward stop work on the story . he hang up . Mary put the phone back . look to the other . mary all work official on the Bush - Guard story have cease . I can not imagine why . Robert stand by the front window , look out at the lawn . smith what be you look at , buddy ? ROBERT the big van . Mary move to the window . a news van set on Mary 's lawn . guy run cable into the street . men with cameras . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) be they friend of yours ? Mary watch the reporter for a bit . 101 . mary no. CUT to : ext . manhattan STREET -- day newscaster ( 0.s. ) ... Rather 's apology have not quiete conservative blogger who be now call for criminal charge . as CBS officially begin it 's Review panel today ... int . 60 minute -- bullpen -- day Mary Murphy look up as Smith walk past . mary murphy what be you do here ? smith I leave my wallet in a cab , I be suppose to be over at Black rock for the panel this morning - mary murphy you can not be here . smith Excuse I ? he see josh come down the hallway towards he . josh you be not allow in the building . smith I be not allow in the building accord to who ? josh management . you have to go now . josh gesture to the door . Smith stare at both of they . smith do you even understand what 's happen right now ? 102 . josh ( pick up a phone ) I understand that you be leave . smith right now viacom be lobby a Republican control Congress for deregulation and tax break that would save the company hundred of million of dollar - and we just aire a report that could cost Republicans the presidency ! josh ( into the phone ) Security to the 9th floor now please ? smith you do not think viacom need the administration on they side ? you do not think they be desperate to make it up to they right now ? make up for CBS run storey on Abu ghraib and the President and Vietnam and all the shit that be not part of they regularly schedule programming ? everyone want this to disappear ! ( disgust ) there 's a fuck election at stake ! we be suppose to question everything and you will not even question this ! people 's head poke out of they office at the yell . josh be you do ? smith you know when the fcc repeal cross ownership law a single company be allow to own forty - five percent of the National market share ? forty - five percent . people fuck flip . they actually write they congressman . so in the 2003 Appropriations Bill , Congress overturn it . hooray for democracy , right ? a crowd have now gather around this ranting former employee . silence . Smith , abo and walk h the door ext . black Black rock monolithic int . black Smith sit about to b Dan think 103 . smith ( cont 'd ) except the President would not sign it . Bush threaten to veto the entire bill unless a compromise be find at thirty - nine percent and why ? because at that exact percentage , both viacom and newscorp would not have to sell off any station . the President of the United States be ready to take down the entire federal budget so that viacom would not lose money ! the staffer look to josh . josh you be right . we be all evil and you be the plucky misunderstand hero . it be not that you guy fuck up a story - it 's the conspiracy , right ? ut to retort when two large security guard appear im to the elevator . Smith get on . look at josh . smith they be gonna screw you too , you know . close between they . rock -- new york CITY -- day - CBS corporate headquarters . establish . the black tower at West 52nd and Sixth . rock -- corridor -- day across from Dan and several lawyer . like kid e@ call into the principal 's office . silence . smith I never ask you why you get into journalism . about it for a bit . dan curiosity . 104 . smith that 's it ? dan that 's everything . ( smile ) why do you get into it ? Smith look at he . smith you . on Dan as this land . the door open and lawyer approach . lawyer the panel be ready for you , Mr. Rather . Dan smile at Smith and rise . walk inside . int . diner -- afternoon Mary sit alone in a booth . pop a xanax . watch a woman in the bakery section decorate a cake . fascinate by it . mary that 's amazing . how do you get the icing to do that , with the piping ? woman it 's no big thing . mary yeah , it be . it 's beautiful . interrupted as Smith slide into the booth across from she . smith they ask if you bully staff or source . if you try to physically intimidate people into do what you want . mary and I hope you tell they I regularly beat the shit out of you - smith this be not a joke , Mary ! ( more ) 105 . smith ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) they ask about you politics . she stare at he . smith ( cont 'd ) deck 's stack . game 's rig . ( shake he head ) between they and talk radio and you father , it 's a fuck lynching ... mary what about my father ? Smith blink . Said something he should not have . smith it 's nothing , forget it - mary what about my father , Mike ? so loud that head turn . the cake lady frown . smith ( softly ) I think you know . int . mary kitchen -- afternoon Mary stand with wrolstad . a newscast on tv . replaying a radio station call in show . Mary mape ' Father call in! voice from the tv . one of they belong to don mape . don mape ( 0.s. ) I be ashamed of what my daughter have become . Mary shake like a child at the sound of he voice ... radio host ( 0.s. ) you be ? don mape ( 0.s. ) she 's a typical liberal . she go into journalism with a axe to grind and that be to promote radical feminism . 106 . like each word be a slap ... radio host ( 0.s. ) so this be a pattern of hers ? don mape ( 0.s. ) oh , sure . when I hear this be a 60 Minutes story , I figure she would be the producer of the show . she and Dan Rather have be work on this ever since Bush be elect . she should be really be look at George soros or Michael Moore - Mary can not take it anymore - she stab at the television to turn it off . walk from the room without a word . Broken . int . mary kitchen -- afternoon wrolstad pull a address book from a cluttere drawer . dial the cordless phone . walk into the ext . mape back yard -- afternoon as it ring . pace tightly . the phone be answer . don mape ( 0.s. ) hello ? wrolstad you can not talk to the press anymore , Don . don mape ( 0.s. ) who be this ? wrolstad you know who . for once in you life , be decent . a beat . don mape ( 0.s. ) I be express my opinion . I think you reporter be all about that - wrolstad Don , if you do not stop talk to the press , I be go to fly up there and break you fuck arm . 107 . mary ( 0.s. ) be that he ? wrolstad turn to see Mary stand by the back door . he do not know whether to tell she or not . mary ( cont 'd ) let I talk to he . she extend she hand for the phone . wrolstad give it to she . we think she 's go to lay into he , but instead : mary ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) daddy , please , stop . a beat . a exhale of breath from the other end . don mape well since you ask , I will . click . he 's hang up . Mary swallow . toss the phone on the lawn and go back inside . done . int . mary bedroom -- afternoon Mary lie in what almost look like a catatonic state . no light on , just the fade sun come through the slat in the shutter . wrolstad step quietly into the room . mary I can not anymore . wrolstad you can . mary I do not want to . they can have my career . I do not care . ( deep breath ) I never should have ask the question ... wrolstad look at she . he know that 's not true . wrolstad so they be right and you be wrong ? mary guess so . 108 . wrolstad and Dan ? she look up at he . mary that 's not fair . wrolstad " it 's a shame what that woman do to Dan Rather . " that 's what they be say on cable . mary ( softly ) do not ... wrolstad how 's he 's go to go down a disgrace . and Robert will get to see you quit , that will be good for he . mary fuck you ... he put he hand on she brow . wrolstad you have to make you case to the panel . you have to fight . mary even if the system be rig ? wrolstad the system be rig . always have be . but you still have to tell they what happen . Mary stare at he . mary why ? wrolstad smile at he wife - be not it obvious ? wrolstad because that 's what we do . 109 . and he stroke she brow as she look at he and then we CUT to : knitting needle click softly together , as they make loop of yarn . a clock on the wall tick . we be back in int . winston and strawn -- law firm lobby -- day Mary sit as she have before . exhausted . as the receptionist look up to tell she that Mr. hibey will see she now ... mary ( 0.s. ) so . do you believe I ? int . hibey' office -- day Mary sit across from the lawyer . Tale tell . hibey blink . mary do you believe I do my job ? hibey I tell you , it do not matter what I believe - mary it do to I . hibey if you would like someone else to represent you in this , I understand . he look to the door . she do not move . mary tell I why I should not . hibey lean back in he chair . hibey what do you want out of this ? mary Excuse I ? hibey do you want to get into a debate about journalism with they or do you want to keep you job ? 110 . mary I can not do both ? hibey not at this point , no . ( pause ) you be the primary breadwinner , be that correct ? mary yes . hibey and you son be seven ? Mary stare at he . hibey ( cont 'd ) this be not a trial , this be a hunt . this be about assignation of blame - who be at fault , because somebody have to be . debate that with they and you be do . Mary look at he . the needle have stop . hibey ( cont 'd ) you have one chance here . among all the conservative lawyer on the panel , there be one former journalist . one man who can maybe understand what happen . you convince he ... maybe he can turn the rest of they . ( pause ) but if you antagonize they , if you bait they , if you fight they - you will lose . Mary look up at he . mary you be hire . int . conference room -- morning Mary go through she note with hibey 's assistant . 111 . hibey ( v.o. ) you be go to cooperate in every way , follow every request and instruction . ext . black rock -- new york CITY -- morning Mary and hibey exit a taxi in front of the large and impose monolithically black CBS corporate headquarters Building . hibey ( v.o. ) there be no standard here . no book full of journalistic law , no write code . int . black rock -- corridor -- morning secretaries crane they neck to catch a glance of Mary and hibey as they walk past . the wall plaster with poster from CBS show . Lucy and desi. mash . and Dan Rather . hibey ( v.o. ) there 's just opinion ... int . black rock -- conference room -- day hibey ( v.o. ) and we have to sway it . Mary and hibey , take they seat on one side of the conference table . on the other be the panel . hibey nod to the older man in the back of the room . hibey ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to Mary ) that 's thornburgh . mary where 's the journalist ? hibey point to the bespectacle gentleman to the side . one of the lawyer in the front speak . larry lanpher Ms. mape , thank you for come in . I be Larry lanpher . I be lead Council along with Mike missal here . mike missal a pleasure . 112 . hibey look around the room . hibey I notice there 's no stenographer . mike missal this be a internal investigation . we be just go to take some note as we go . he nod to two woman with notebook and pen . hibey so there will be no official record ? lanpher ignore the question with a smile . larry lanpher would you like to take a bathroom break before we begin ? mary I be fine . larry lanpher you be sure ? Mary smile back . mary I be not that delicate . hibey I would like one . larry lanpher okay . start in ten minute everyone ? int . side room -- day hibey pull Mary into a small room off the conference room . hibey I need you to stay calm . mary do not I look calm ? 113 . hibey not even a little . they be go to try and catch you off balance . when they ask a question , answer it . tell they what time it be , do not tell they how to build a clock . mary but - hibey do not fight . he hold she gaze . she nod . they head back in . int . black rock -- conference room -- afternoon missal slide a stack of papers across the table . mike missal I would like to talk a little about language . mary absolutely . mike missal this be the printout of email send back and forth by you group during the investigation . hibey page through they . mike missal ( cont 'd ) in this one to Mike Smith , what do the two of you mean when you discuss a piece of " tasty brisket " ? mary that refer to a piece of information Mike uncover work on a documentary for the Germans . mike missal a piece of information against the President . mary I think specifically it refer to Bush lose he nerve while fly . 114 . mike missal which be not mention in the report you aire on 60 Minutes . mary I do not think we have it nail down . mike missal so , be it accurate to say that you be look for anything negative about the President ? hibey look over to Mary . careful here ... mary I would say it 's accurate that we be look for any information about he time in the Air National Guard that have not yet come to light . mike missal and that 's why it 's " tasty " ? not because it reflect poorly on the President ? mary it be tasty because it have the potential to be newsworthy . Mike and I be friend , we use a shorthand . sarcasm , joke . larry lanpher be that common in you industry ? mary I suppose . larry lanpher when deal with matter as serious as this , it 's common to make joke ? mary I can assure you , we take we work very seriously . mike missal I also want to ask you about this email from Roger Charles where he say he " feel better " about the ( more ) 115 . mike missal ( cont 'd ) document because of they format . Colonel Charles originally think the document be fake ? Mary blink . mary I do not believe so . mike missal then why would he say here that he " feel better " ? mary because it seem that what we source be tell we be true . larry lanpher I have to disagree . even the subject line of the email be " I feel better " with three exclamation point . it seem that Colonel Charles initially have doubt . mary you would have to ask Colonel Charles . hibey nod . good answer . but Mary continue : mary ( cont 'd ) but also , I would say he be come from a place of not be sure whether the memo be real or not and then become confident that they be . larry lanpher really ? ( smile ) you will forgive I for say , but you testimony so far do not bear that out . hibey ( sense danger ) this be not testimony , remember ? 116 . larry lanpher if it be impossible to authenticate the memo , do not it stand to reason that you initially assume that the memo be real rather than the other way around ? mary I would not say that . larry lanpher well , what would you say ? Mary stare at he . on hibey . larry lanpher ( cont 'd ) it seem to I you assume this memo be real from the outset , and you look to make sure that nothing disprove that . essentially , you take the position that the President be guilty until prove innocent . shit. mary we take several step to vet this memo . larry lanpher such as ? there 's only two signature , and two set of initial - hardly enough comparison for a handwrite match . you say yourself no ink or carbon test could be perform , in fact two of the four analyst you hire have say they have strong reservation about the memo authenticity . mary much of the format and terminology use be consistent with the period - larry lanpher that 's debatable - 117 . mary ( insist ) be consistent with the period , as be the content of the memo , which be verify by several different source who know Colonel killian - larry lanpher then what about this ? ( read a memo ) " o.e.t.r . " be this one of the terminology that be " consistent with the period " ? mary I believe so . larry lanpher what 's it stand for ? mary " Officer effectiveness train report . " larry lanpher actually , the correct acronym be o.e.r . - " Officer effectiveness report " . no T. ( pause ) be not it true , Mary , that the phrase " Officer effectiveness train report " do not actually appear anywhere on any official document ? that this phrase be something you create to explain this incorrect abbreviation in you memo ? hibey stare at Mary , stricken . checkmate . mary that 's not true . larry lanpher it be not ? mary I would not do something like that . larry lanpher then prove it . 118. a beat . all eye on Mary . she open up she binder and withdraw a piece of paper . slide it across the table . mary official document . top of the page . lanpher look . the other around he do too . the top of the page read - Officer effectiveness train report . a beat . Mary look at lanpher , pleasantly . wait . larry lanpher oh . I see that . sorry , my mistake . hibey beam . int . black rock -- conference room -- night Mary and hibey watch as the panel file out . boccardi , the journalist , smile at they as he go . hibey clearly you do well . they will regroup and call you back in next month . mary next month ? hibey they have decide to delay announce the panel 's finding till after the election . Mary stop in she track . hibey ( cont 'd ) do not look so glum . keep you head down and you will make it out of this . ext . mary house -- night wrolstad stand on a step ladder , put up Christmas light . several other house twinkle . a chill in the air . president BUSH ( v.o. ) I want to thank you all for you hard work in the campaign ... 119 . int . mary kitchen -- night Mary wrapping a video camera for Robert for Christmas . on tv - President Bush do a PRESS briefing . president BUSH I tell you that the other day , and you probably think I be just seek vote . but now that you vote , I really mean it . laughter from the press corps . over more president BUSH ( cont 'd ) I appreciate the hard work of the press corps . we all put in long hour , and you be away from you family for a long period of time . but the country be better off when we have a vigorous and free press cover we election . without over - pander , I will answer a few question . hunt ? laughter reporter terence hunt speak . terence hunt Mr. President , thank you . as you look at you second term , how much be the war in Iraq go to cost ? do you intend to send more troops , or bring troops home ? and in the Middle East , more broadly , do you agree with tony Blair that revitalize the Middle East peace process be the single most press political issue face the world ? president BUSH now that I have get the will of the people at my back , I be go to start enforce the one-question rule . that be three question . more laughter . they love this guy . the phone ring and Mary mute the tv to answer it . mary hello ? 120 . int. / ext . dan be new york apartment -- night Dan , hold a glass of scotch . tie loosen , jacket off . the door to he balcony be open . dan Mary , it 's Dan plus three . int . mary kitchen -- night Mary smile . mary I be work on a chardonnay xanax cocktail if it make you feel any better . how be you ? ext . dan' apartment -- balcony -- night Dan take a swallow of scotch and step out to the balcony . intercut : dan do you know that 60 Minutes be the first news program to ever make money ? before that , all news division operate at a financial loss . he look out at the city . dan ( cont 'd ) when the government give network the airwave , it be with the stipulation that they would be use in some capacity for the public good . and that be the news . they make they money elsewhere on the schedule . but report the news be a duty . a public trust . Mary do not say anything . dan ( cont 'd ) when hewitt start 60 Minutes in 1968 , it build to enormous rating . it be wonderful . people be really watch news . care . and we figure out a way to give it to they . ( more ) 121 . dan ( cont 'd ) ( sip ) I be there , Mary . I be there the day they figure out news could make money . the traffic below he be honk . he do not seem to notice . dan ( cont 'd ) after a while it dawn on they ; how come the even News be not a profit center too ? why be not the morning show earning more ? if you interview survivor contestant instead of survivor of genocide , you ad rate go up . pretty soon we will not even run down we own storey cause it 's too expensive . we will just pay someone else to do it , then read they on the air for show . ( pause ) it be a public trust once . I swear to you it be . very softly , Mary ask he again . mary how be you do , Dan ? Dan drain the rest of the scotch and examine he glass . dan I be step down as anchor . in she kitchen , Mary stand very still . mary when ? dan after inauguration . mary oh , Dan ... dan you do not cause this , Mary . mary you be a shitty liar , you know that ? ( more ) 122 . mary ( cont 'd ) ( tear in she eye ) why do not you ask I ? everyone else ask after the shit hit the fan , why do not you ? dan ask you what ? mary why do not you ask I if the document be real ? dan because I know I do not need to . Mary be silent . dan ( cont 'd ) when you go back in there , you hold you head up , understand ? Mary smile through the tear . mary yes , dad . a beat . Dan put down he glass . smile . dan f.e.a. int . black rock -- side room -- afternoon Thunder and lightning outside . late in the day . dinner break . Mary watch panel member through the open door . hibey you be do great . another half hour and we be do . Mary nod , she mind anywhere but here . like she 's decide something . doodling absently on a legal pad . " fea " . hibey look at the letter on the page . hibey ( cont 'd ) what do that mean ? she look up at he . 123 . mary fuck them all . int . black rock -- conference room -- afternoon Mary and hibey sit across from the panel . one more time . rain streak the window . thing be wrapping up . mike missal ...- well , I be glad we have clarification on that . hibey good . if there 's nothing else ? missal and the other move to rise . Mary keep she seat . mary be not you go to ask about my politics ? missal blink . hibey shoot she a warning look . larry lanpher Excuse I ? mary you have ask other people what I believe . be not you go to ask I ? hibey ( hiss to Mary ) what be you do ? the journalist , lou boccardi , finally speak . lou boccardi well , would not you say most people you work with think you be a liberal ? mary do you mean , " be I now , or have I ever be a liberal " ? a number of the panel shift in they seat uncomfortably . larry lanpher it 's a legitimate question . 124 . mary be it ? mike missal you bring it up . mary no , you do when you ask all my co - worker . so I will tell you . I do not believe in label . I think most people have a mixture of view - larry lanpher that 's not what we be talk about . mary then what be you talk about , Larry ? larry lanpher we be talk about you bring you politics into you report . mary I do nothing of the kind . larry lanpher really ? nothing ? be that why when barne say he get Bush into the Guard , you believe he without question ? that when Bill burkett , a outspoken Bush critic and admit liar bring you memo , you assume they authenticity and do not bother to source they ? that when not one but two of you four document examiner express doubt the memo be real , you push they aside and rush the story on air ? and why you personally contact John Kerry 's campaign on behalf of a man who have dedicated himself to smear the President ? ( stare at she ) tell I , Mary , where exactly do politics not enter into any of this ? or be you just that bad at you job ? a beat . lanpher 's breathe hard . the other stare at he . silence . 125 . mary do you know what it would take to fake this memo ? hibey Mary - mary no , this be important . it would require the forger to have a in depth knowledge of the 1971 Air Force manual , include rule , regulation , and abbreviation . he would have to know Bush 's official record backwards and forward to make sure that none of this memo conflict with it . he would have to know all the player in the Texas Air National Guard at the time - not just they name but they attitude and opinion include how they related to one another . he would have to know that Colonel killian keep personal memo for himself like this in the first place . he would have to know how killian feel at the time , particularly about he superior and then first Lieutenant Bush . he would have to know or learn all of this in order to fool we as you assume he do . ( lean forward ) now . do you really think a man who take that kind of time and precision then go and type this up on Microsoft Word ? the man stare at she . nobody have a response to that . Thunder in the distance . mary ( cont 'd ) we story be about whether Bush fulfil he service . but nobody want to talk about that . they want to talk about font and forgery and conspiracy theory . because that 's what people do if they do not like a story this day . they point and scream . ( more ) 126 . mary ( cont 'd ) they question you politics , you objectivity - hell , you basic humanity - and then they hope to God the truth get lose in the scrum . ( shaking she head ) and when it 's finally over , they have kick and shout so loud we do not even remember what the point be . rain continue to fall . and then from the back of the room dick thornburgh but you do not prove it . they all turn to he . the old man finally speak . dick thornburgh ( cont 'd ) you do not prove Ben barne get the President into the Guard . you do not prove the memo be real . the burden of proof be on you . mary by that standard the Times would never have run the Pentagon paper , the Post would never have listen to deep Throat - dick thornburgh Ben barne be hardly deep Throat - mary Ben barne have confess to abuse he power to keep some of the richest and most privileged son of Texas from get they ass blow up in Vietnam ! dick thornburgh Ms. mape , do not you think that it 's possible , just possible , that some of that fine young man get into the National Guard on they own merit ? Mary blink . a beat . and then she answer truthfully . mary no , sir . no , I do not . 127 . thornburgh nod . a beat . he 's hear what he come to hear . ext . black rock -- evening the rain have grow to a downpour . Mary and hibey step out the door . pause at the edge of the deluge . hibey have to do it , do not you ? mary in the immortal word of popeye - " I be what I be " . hibey I would have go with " to thine own self be true " but popeye work . ( pause ) they '1l have they finding in a few week . I will call you when I hear . she extend a hand . they shake . then she turn , head off down the street . hibey ( cont 'd ) hey , Mary ? Mary turn back . stand there in the rain . hibey ( cont 'd ) I believe you . fade to : int . mary house -- live room / front hall -- day Mary sit with Robert , play with he video camera . the phone in the other room ring . Mary get up to answer it . mary hello ? andrew heyward ( 0.s. ) Mary , the report be out and it 's very bad . I be go to put Jonathan anschultz on the line . Mary 's shoulder slump . 128. andrew heyward ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) jon , can you hear I ? voice ( 0.s. ) yeah . andrew heyward Mary , as I say , the report be bad . you be be terminate . Mary close she eye as heyward keep speak . she 's not even listen . as we begin cut around to see the other lose they job ... int . betsy west's office -- evening betsy at she desk . she throw the phone across the room ... int . heyward office -- night Mary Murphy cry as she be be let go ... int . josh howard office -- evening half of the office in box . josh carefully take down the row of emmy from the shelf behind he desk ... int . s.m.u. classroom -- day Lucy , return to she classroom to find she student wait , smile . they have strung up a banner that say " so , you got fire . " Lucy laugh as they rise and applaud she ... int . CBS news -- dallas bureau -- lobby -- sunset Mike Smith , carry he box of stuff down the stair and out the front door ... ext . CBS news -- dallas bureau -- sunset Smith carry a box of stuff to he truck . someone stand next to it . wait . Colonel Charles . Smith smile . colonel charle hippie scum . smith jarhead fuck . Colonel Charles offer he hand . 129 . colonel charle you ever need a reference ... smith I can tell they how we destroy modern journalism together ? the Colonel laugh . they shake . colonel charle I will see you . he turn and walk off into the die sun ... int . mary house -- kitchen -- evening sundown . Mary and wrolstad sit on they couch . wine uncork on the table . and the CBS even News on tv . dan we have share a lot in the 24 year we have be meeting here each evening . and before I say good night , this night , I need to say thank you . wrolstad take Mary 's hand ... int . CBS evening news -- broadcast studio -- evening hundred have turn out to watch Dan 's final broadcast . dan thank you to the thousand of wonderful professional at CBS News , past and present , with whom it have be my honor to work , over this year . and a deeply - feel thanks to all of you who have let we into you home , night after night . it have be a privilege , and one never take lightly . intercut with Mary and wrolstad watch ... dan ( cont 'd ) to a nation still nursing a break heart for what happen here in 2001 and especially that who find themselves close to the event of ( more ) 130 . dan ( cont 'd ) September 11th . to we soldier , sailor , airmen , and Marines in dangerous place . to that who have endure the tsunami and to all who have suffer natural disaster and who must find the will to rebuild . to the oppress and to that whose lot it be to struggle , in financial hardship or in fail health , to my fellow journalist in place where report the truth mean risk all , and to each of you ... ( smile ) courage . Mary take a breath . tear in she eye . dan ( cont 'd ) for the CBS even News , Dan Rather report . goodnight . the screen fade to black . in the studio Dan rise to thunderous applause . smiling at the people there . a little teary eye himself . Champagne be pop . among that clap , heyward . Dan catch he eye . heyward smile . Dan turn away from he and begin a conversation . heyward 's smile falter just a bit . but he keep applaud . Dan turn and walk away from camera . leave we . leave the stage . as he go , this word appear : the independent panel report find no political bias in the report of the Guard Story . josh Howard , Mary Murphy , and betsy West be ask to resign . Mary mape be fire . 10 day later , President George W. Bush be inaugurated for a second term . this word fade . replaced by : 131 . Dan Rather leave CBS and sue , claim the network cave to political pressure to placate the White House . the suit be dismiss by the New York Court of appeal . int . mary house -- kitchen -- evening as commercial and " come up next " ad play on the television , Mary stare at the image . then slowly pick up the remote and click it off . silence save for cricket . Mary take another tissue and blow she nose . laugh at the amount of tear . look to she husband . mary you want to take a walk ? wrolstad grin and bound to he foot . he take she hand and lead she out the door . and we get the feel that maybe , just maybe , they will be okay . we hold on the door and slowly pan back to the television . sitting there , mercifully silent . as we push in , this word appear on screen ... follow Mary mape ' fire , CBS News win a peabody Award for she story on Abu ghraib . it be consider one of the most important piece of journalism of the decade . Mary mape have not work in television news since 2004 . roll credit fade out