tully written by : Diablo cody int . marlo and drew 's house ( jonah 's bedroom ) - night music : '' space oddity '' by the langley school Music Project marlo moreau wear a maternity T-shirt and sweatpant . she be hugely pregnant . she kneel on the floor of a boy' bedroom in a small suburban home . her son jonah , 5 , be stand next to she . he be shirtless but wear pajama pants . the song '' Space oddity , '' as perform by a child 's choir play on jonah 's little CD player . marlo hold a strange little plastic brush with nylon bristle . it 's not for jonah 's hair . instead , she run the brush in long , smooth stroke down she son 's bare arm . marlo hold still , jonah . she move to the other side , run the brush down the other arm , gently press the soft bristle into he skin . marlo ( cont ’d ) there we go . let 's do foot now . sit down . jonah sit down . he casually grab he crotch and hold on . marlo ( cont ’d ) do you need to go to the bathroom ? jonah continue hold himself . jonah no . marlo just be you own best friend , huh ? jonah nod blithely . marlo ( cont 'd ) okay . she resume brush , gently run the bristle over the sole of jonah 's bare feet . int . marlo and drew's house ( sarah' room ) - night marlo head into another bedroom , equally small but more feminine . sarah , 8 , be sit at a small desk , look irritate with she homework . marlo almost do here ? sarah no . marlo let I see. ( read ) '' in chapter Three of I hate rule , Katie kazoo decide that there should be no more rule at school . what be the consequence ? '' sarah I do not know . marlo thing get out of hand , do not they ? sarah yeah . marlo how about George ? he eat ten dessert and then what happen ? Sarah play with she hair , distract . marlo ( cont 'd ) I be not go to write this for you , sare . Sarah put she head down on the desk dramatically . she bang it twice . marlo stare at she daughter wearily . Sarah bang she head a third time for good measure . int . marlo and drew's house ( kitchen ) - night marlo walk into the kitchen . it 's small and there be a few box of assort ENERGY bar propped open on the already - cluttere counter . marlo grab two lunch box off the counter . then , she reach for she phone and plug a set of earbuds into it . she pick a song . music up : '' Blue '' by the jayhawks . as the music play , marlo begin make two lunch for jonah and Sarah . finally , a escape from the child , even if she 's still service they . she place two different sandwich into plastic bento box . she pour goldfish cracker from a costco-size container into two of the compartment . she cut on the diagonal . marlo 's husband drew enter . he 's a slightly nerdy software engineer in a Doctor who T-shirt . marlo pull out she earbud . her private moment be over abruptly . without miss a beat , Drew begin fill thermoses and slice the green top off the strawberry . marlo and Drew be a well - oile machine . they childcare routine be choreograph like ballet . drew jonah 's finally down . Jesus , it 's like try to kill the head vampire . marlo do you bring Sarah she inhaler ? drew yeah . do you , uh , brush jonah ? marlo Roger wilco . hey , do not forget , we be go to my brother 's for dinner tomorrow night . drew ugh . Craig hate I . marlo Craig do not hate you . he just hang out with i-banker all day , so he default set be '' ass . '' drew you think he ’1ll respect I more now that I get a promotion ? marlo no. ( then ) but , I bet he can not wait to show we he new tesla ! they switch to stupid , deep '' bro '' voice to imitate Craig . drew '' it 's sick , dude ! '' marlo '' it 's soooo sick ! look how I plug it in . '' they bond briefly over make fun of Craig . marlo ( cont ’d ) '' I do not just look cool , I be single - handedly save the planet . '' drew '' you be welcome , Earth . '' marlo chuck a mayonnaise - cover knife into the sink . ext . ST . vitus school ( lower lot ) - day a wet spring morning in Rye , New York . marlo 's dent Honda fit roll into the parking lot of ST . vitus elementary school . int . marlo 's car - day marlo be behind the wheel . jonah and Sarah be strapped into booster seat in the back of the car . jonah this be not we lot . marlo what ? jonah go to the other parking lot . marlo the other parking lot 's full , honey . we have to park here today . sarah ( groan ) not again ... marlo jonah , I have to meet with Mrs. Bell in ... ( check ) negative three minute . please let 's just park here . jonah other lot ! other lot ! sarah jonah , do not . jonah begin kicking the seat and scream . he can not handle any disruption to he routine . he melt down . jonah no ! no! noooooo ! sarah ( distress ) Mom ! make he stop ! jonah ( scream ) other lot ! other lot ! sarah jonah , stop ! marlo attempt to respond calmly , but she 's unravel . marlo ( to Sarah ) you know how he be with he routine . he do not like when we do thing differently . sarah nobody care about what I like ! jonah be wailing at this point . marlo jonah , the other lot be full . there 's nowhere to park . ( desperate ) Jesus Christ . please . ext . ST . vitus school ( upper lot ) - day a different , crowded parking lot ; jonah get he way . one car pull out of a spot ; marlo 's car be brake patiently , wait for say spot . marlo 's car pull into the spot . int . marlo 's car - same marlo ( to jonah ) all right , you happy ? jonah nod , tear-stain . int . school ( principal 's office ) - day marlo enter the principal 's office , flustered . mrs. bell , a.k.a. laurie , wait at she desk . marlo hi Laurie . I be sorry I be late . ( lie ) Regent be back - up for block . laurie hi marlo . be you on maternity leave yet ? you look like you be about to pop . marlo yeah . Friday be my last day . marlo stand awkwardly in front of the desk , force a big , fake expectant smile . this be she '' school persona . '' marlo ( cont 'd ) such a bless . laurie I will try not to take up too much of you time here , so I will just get right to it : Ms. marvish tell I that jonah be still have a tough time in class . we be concerned about he social and emotional development . marlo kindergarten 's a tough transition . laurie it 's April . marlo ( sheepish ) yeah . laurie and there 's about to be a big disruption in jonah 's life , too . marlo what ? Laurie nod at marlo 's huge belly : duh . marlo ( cont ’d ) oh , yeah . laurie jonah 's sweetheart . we love he . but as you know , he 's a '' out - of - the - box '' kid . he 's quirky . marlo nod , subtly lip-synce the word '' quirky '' as Laurie say it . it 's a euphemism that come up a lot regard jonah . laurie ( cont ’d ) there be twenty - four other child in the class , and it 's not fair to they when jonah need so much of the teacher 's time . marlo 's response be eager , desperate . marlo we be work on the meltdown at home . and we be do this exercise and all this stuff . I just make this chart -- laurie ( interrupt ) we think jonah could benefit from a one - to- one aide . a teacher just for he , who shadow he during the day and give he the extra support he require . marlo be the aide someone on staff here ? laurie no , we do not provide aide . marlo oh , so I have to go out and get aids all by myself . she chuckle dryly at she own joke . Laurie do not catch on . laurie yes , you have need to hire this person . marlo I be pay to get aids ! laurie ( confuse ) one aide . he just need one . marlo nod seriously , give up on the aids joke . marlo right . okay . laurie we do not usually make this kind of accommodation for student at Saint V. 's , but you guy be a great family , so ... marlo thank you , Laurie . I really , really appreciate it . I want to make this work . laurie no problem . have a great day now . marlo muster a smile and rise to exit , shattered . int . coffee shop - day with the kid drop off and a temporary reprieve from work , marlo enter the local coffee place on the town 's main drag . she head to the counter . marlo I will have a decaf skim latte please . a older female customer behind marlo pipe up . nosy customer you know there 's trace amount of caffeine even in decaf , right ? marlo huh ? the woman gesture to marlo 's pregnant belly . marlo ( cont ’d ) oh , yeah . nosy customer just so you know . barista you still want it ? marlo yeah , yeah . nosy customer just do not overdo it ! ( then , know - it - all ) my daughter have three , so I read up on all this stuff . marlo this be my third as well . nosy customer be you child short -stature ? marlo what ? nosy customer from the caffeine . the barista be tapping out a total on the register . marlo yes . my kid be miniature . and my son actually come out with the Starbucks logo burn into he ass like a cattle brand . barista would you like any sweetener with that ? marlo yeah . give I the one that cause cancer in rat . the barista shrug and toss four pink packet at marlo . int . coffee shop - moment later marlo , seat at a table , take a voracious bite of a giant muffin . she drink she latte . suddenly -- violet marlo ? violet , a woman about marlo 's age approach the table . she 's unconventionally attractive with a artistic style . she carry a to - go box of coffee and she mouth be agape . marlo vi ? 10 . violet Holy shit . marlo you say it . they stare at each other for a moment , stunne . marlo ( cont ’d ) what be you do in Rye ? violet I be here for a memorial . my friend 's dad pass away . marlo oh , I be sorry . violet it 's fine . he be a dick . marlo 's sudden laugh be a goofy bark . she cover she mouth . marlo Jesus . what be that ? violet that 's the standard '' marlo laugh . '' somewhere between a bike horn and a goose orgy . I miss it . violet pull up a chair and sit down . there 's electric nostalgia in the air -- and also considerable awkwardness . violet ( cont 'd ) so do you live here ? fill I in on everything . I mean , you randomly drop off Facebook like five year ago , never to be hear from again , so . this be lightly deliver , but there 's hurt beneath ... marlo I hate social media . violet we all do . that 's the point . it 's a mandatory rage - fuck . marlo ha . well , I live here in town . still marry to Drew . two kid . nothing 's change . 11 . violet mm , I do not know how to tell you this , but you have really blow up . marlo laugh again . violet ( cont 'd ) no , congrat . anyway , I have to get this coffee back to the house before it get as cold and black as my womb . do you still have my number ? marlo the same one ? 718 ? violet same number as always , and same address too . marlo ( surprised ) what ? you be still at the loft ? violet mm-hm . still in bushwick . Building go co - op year ago , so I buy the place . I be surround by millennials cry on the phone to mommy . call I sometime , okay ? if you feel like it . marlo nod as violet exit . once violet be go . marlo sit and stare at she muffin for a moment . her cheek be red . when she reach for she latte , the cup rattle briefly against the saucer . int . marlo 's car - night Drew , marlo , Sarah and jonah be in the car head to marlo 's brother 's house . marlo , drain by the day 's event , clutches a bottle of cheap wine in the passenger 's seat . marlo ( to the kid ) be you guy excited to see you cousin ? sarah yeah ! jonah be the dog go to be out ? 12 . drew jonah , the dog weigh like two pound . he can not hurt you . jonah moan , worried as usual . marlo what be that dog 's name again ? drew '' prosecco . '' marlo I want to kill myself . sarah what ? drew mommy 's joke . like a clown . marlo '' honk '' she own nose in response . marlo beep -beep . ext . craig and elyse 's house - night marlo 's older brother craig life in a newly construct '' french '' - style mansion with a motor court and fountain . it 's incredibly grand compare to marlo and Craig 's little rambler . jonah spot Craig 's new car . jonah be that uncle Craig 's electric car ? drew yeah , it 's call a tesla . sarah can we get one ? drew nope. marlo you would not want one . they catch on fire all the time . Drew snort at marlo 's lie . jonah really ? 13. marlo yeah , like five kid die in one last week . it burst into flame while they be on they way to see the Easter Bunny at monmouth mall . sarah you be lie ! marlo do not get too close to it . int . / ext craig and elyse 's house ( entry ) - night Drew knock on the oversize front door . it swing open . reveal elyse , marlo 's smile sister - in-law , who be whippet - thin and gorgeous in a cashmere sweater and jeans . a expensive- look dog bark behind she . elyse heyyyyyyy ! everyone greet each other . the kid hug aunt elyse , who be upbeat and affectionate . elyse 's three kid , dash , emmy and greta appear , excited to see they cousin . elyse ( cont 'd ) ( to kid ) what 's up buddy ? Sarah , I be go to steal that boot right off you foot . so cute . drew hey , elyse . a energetic young woman , shasta , appear in the foyer . shasta ( to marlo 's kid ) hi guy . I make a obstacle course in the playroom if you want to come check it out ! Emmy , 10 , make a introduction . emmy this be shasta , we nanny . sarah hi. four year - old greta pipe up . 14 . greta we have karaoke ! emmy yeah , we get a karaoke machine . sarah cool ! greta grab jonah 's hand . all five kid joyously run off toward the playroom with shasta . elyse shasta 's so awesome . she have a master degree in early childhood Education . I feel like she should be tell I what to do . ( then ) marlo , you be glow . marlo look like death warm over . marlo really ? I feel like a abandon trash barge . elyse what ? marlo in the eighty there be this giant boat full of garbage that just drift up and down the East Coast for week . they could not figure out where to dump it . eventually , they dock the boat in Brooklyn and burn all the trash . elyse hesitates , then laugh cheerfully . elyse the ninth month be tough . I remember I could barely make it to the gym . come on ! int . craig and elyse 's house ( various / kitchen ) - night elyse lead Drew and marlo into the gigantic kitchen , where marlo 's brother craig be open a bottle of wine . Craig be a charming , gregarious guy . he 's wear a expensive suit , the tie loosen . 15 . craig yes . yes . the moreaus have arrive . this be gonna be a good night . Drew , how be you , buddy ? he and Drew do the one - armed guy hug . Drew shed he jacket , toss it on a stool . craig ( cont 'd ) marlo . marlo try to accept he hug , but she belly get in the way . marlo I have my own hug-buffer now . craig just what you have always want . drew that 's actually true . elyse when be you due date again ? marlo Monday . craig Jesus . do not have it here . elyse ( to Craig ) she could have it in the ofuro ! ( then ) we just get this japanese soaking tub . it be a gift from Craig 's boss . she shrug like , be not that weird ? marlo my boss once buy I a cup of soup . I pay he back . elyse assess marlo 's belly . elyse you know , I feel like it 's definitely a boy . 16 . drew marlo do not want to know this time , but I kind of wish we have decide to find out . craig well , you be go to find out any day now . Craig and elyse smile , await a response from marlo . be not this exciting ? she fake a smile . marlo yep . int . craig and elyse 's house ( dine room ) - night marlo , Craig and Drew walk into the dining room , hold drink and chat . the table be gorgeous and rustic , with flicker candle and artfully mismatch plate and goblet . it 's perfect without try too hard . marlo notice that there be only four place setting at the table . marlo where be the kid go to sit ? elyse oh , they be with shasta . they have they own little kid-friendly spread . Mac and cheese , kobe slider , something green ... craig lucky little bastard . drew wow , we can actually have a conversation . elyse I know , right ? she fiddle with she phone and speak into it . elyse ( cont 'd ) siri. play Hamilton . Music fill the room via wi- fi . elyse look pleased with herself for like hip hop . craig so , three . 17 . marlo be confuse for a beat , then realize Craig be refer to she pregnancy . he nod at she belly . marlo oh. yeah . it 's crazy . elyse you be go to love it . we love have three . and the third kid be always the easiest . ( to Craig ) right ? greta 's so chill . marlo chill would be nice . elyse yeah , you guy really have you hand full with jonah . ( quickly ) I do not mean that in a bad way . he 's so great . drew no , he 's tough . he 's quirky . the school actually want we to get he a aide because the teacher can not handle he anymore . marlo glance at Drew , flustered that he would disclose this . Drew eat matter - of-factly . elyse oh. well , that 's awesome . ( spin it ) that they be , you know , recognize he need . marlo oh yeah , they be all over it . int . craig and elyse 's house ( kitchen ) - night elyse enter the kitchen , protest as Drew and marlo attempt to carry in the dirty serve dish . elyse guy , do not help . I get it . she hand a platter to a wait housekeeper . marlo let I at least put this away . 18 . craig no . you be not allow . besides , I want to show you something . marlo I see the tesla . craig yeah , yeah , no . come here . he put a brotherly hand on marlo 's shoulder and steer she away from the sink . int . craig and elyse 's house ( tiki bar ) - night Craig have a tahitian - style home bar that look like something at a resort . marlo look around at the decor craig you like it ? marlo it 's like I have be transport to another room of you house . craig it be inspire by the most beautiful place I have ever be . marlo tahiti ? craig epcot . marlo climb awkwardly onto a stool . Craig go behind the bar and pour himself a scotch and marlo a pineapple juice . craig ( cont 'd ) so , I have a special baby gift for you this time around . marlo be it money ? craig ha ha . it 's more like a experience . marlo okay ... 19 . craig have you ever hear of a night nanny ? before marlo get a chance to reply ... craig ( cont 'd ) ( quickly ) everyone do it . I mean , everyone we know . it 's like a regular nanny , but she only come to you house at night . she stay over for a few week -- or month -- and take care of the new baby so Mom and dad can get some sleep ! his tone be cheerful , careful . what be he get at ? marlo how do that work ? do this lady breast-feed ? Jesus , there 's nothing you people will not outsource . craig no ! she do not breast -feed . this be not feudal China . she wake you up to do ... ( gesture , awkward ) that . but then you can go right back to bed when you be do . marlo why have a baby if you be not willing to put in the time ? sleep deprivation be part of the deal . besides , I do not want some stranger in my house bond with my newborn at night . that 's like a Lifetime movie where the nanny try to kill the mom and the mom win but still walk with a cane for the rest of she life . craig we have a night nanny . marlo you do ? I do not remember that . craig that 's because she be only here at night ! they come in and out like a ninja . I barely have any interaction with the woman . ( more ) 20 . craig ( cont 'd ) ( shrugging ) elyse say she be great . marlo Craig , you do not hire one of this people for I , do you ? Craig 's tone become more serious . craig marlo . you have get a lot go on . I know this kid be not plan , okay ? I know , I know , it 's a miracle and the best thing ever and blah blah blah ... Craig lower he voice . craig ( cont 'd ) ... but I do not want what happen last time to happen again . marlo Craig , do not ... craig ( interrupt ) I love you . I do not want to ever see you that way ( again ) marlo ( over ) it will not happen . just stop . craig Drew need to focus on he career . he 's finally get somewhere and you can not let this baby derail he . and you need to be there for jonah and Sarah . get they to school in the morning . be '' happy mommy . '' awake . present . especially for jonah . the mention of jonah give marlo guilty pause . craig ( cont 'd ) I know you think this be some bougie thing that rich asshole do . and maybe it be . but remember , I be not always a rich asshole . ( more ) 21 . craig ( cont 'd ) I grow up in the same shitty house as you , with the same shitty parent and that shit -brown buick on the lawn . and I be tell you -- for the sake of you kid -- get over yourself and call she . he reach into he pocket and hand she a fold - up piece of paper . craig ( cont 'd ) this be the number . make whatever arrangement you need , for however long you want . she ’1ll bill I ; we already work it out . this be not the person we use -- she be book until August -- but this one come highly recommend . think about it . marlo tuck the fold paper into she pocket . marlo how much money do this cost ? craig a assload . ( then , serious ) think about it . int . marlo 's car - night marlo be drive . a tipsy Drew be in the passenger seat . marlo rant about Craig 's proposal . marlo ( mid-rant ) .»- I mean , I understand have a clean lady or a babysitter or whatever if you can afford it . but the '' night nanny '' thing just sound crazy . like , what be this , Downton Abbey ? drew it sound pretty ideal to I . like , not have to wake up five time a night or whatever ? marlo you do not wake up anyway . her observation be matter - of - fact , not hostile . 22 . drew I do not have boob , marlo . marlo yeah , that 's true . drew it 's not like I can do anything . they have arrive a stoplight . marlo look out the window at a group of young people congregate on a sidewalk . they be talk and laugh , animated . marlo I be fine with do it myself anyway . you need to be rest for work . this be a big year for you . as she recite this , she 's fixate on the young crowd . drew you be sure you be go to be okay ? marlo of course . he notice that she 's space - out . drew honey ? marlo what ? drew it 's green . the light have change . marlo accelerate . int . marlo and drew's house ( bedroom ) - night the light be off . Drew sleep . marlo be lie in bed , wrestle with a huge snakelike body pillow . she can not get comfortable . she settles for a moment . we hear a distinct pop . marlo 's eye open . marlo get up and walk to the bathroom . from she p.o.v. , we see water dribble onto the floor with every step . it 's not the dramatic scene we see in movie , just a tiny dribble . but it 's unmistakable . 23 . int . car - dawn a disorient Drew drive to the hospital . marlo ride quietly in the passenger seat . int . hospital ( delivery room ) - day Drew hold marlo 's hand while a anesthesiologist who look sixteen year old inject a epidural into she spine . int . hospital ( delivery room ) - day ( later ) marlo watch e! News on tv in she hospital bed . int . hospital ( delivery room ) - day ( later ) marlo lie on she side check she phone . int . hospital ( delivery room ) - night marlo be push out she baby . a doctor and a couple of nurse be there . Drew stand by take video with he phone . a not - particularly - meaningful song play on someone 's ipod . the doctor be laid - back , almost distract . doctor okay , can you feel my hand inside you ? push against my hand . one , two , three . marlo close she eye and push silently . int . hospital ( recovery room ) - day marlo be sit up in the hospital bed , still wear a hospital gown and tethere to a i.v. Craig and elyse be in the room . elyse hold the baby , make little coo noise . elyse marlo , she be you mini . look at that lip . craig I wish we could stay , but Emmy 's in the middle school musical tonight . marlo what show be it ? 24 . elyse ( proud ) Rent . craig I do not get it . it 's like , just pay you fuck rent . Problem solve . elyse be about to pass back the sleep baby back to marlo . marlo you can just put she in the bassinet . elyse oh. okay . surprise , she place the baby in the hospital bassinet . Craig lean in and pat marlo 's shoulder . craig you take it easy , okay ? and tell dad congrat when he wake up . reveal Drew SOUND asleep on a cot . Craig and elyse quietly exit the room . marlo swing she numb leg out of bed and try to get up . it 's tough . she look over at Drew . he be sound asleep on a cot . marlo manage to get up and walk gingerly toward the bathroom , drag she i.v. behind she . she stumble into the door frame . through the open back of she hospital gown , we see she 's wear a adult diaper . marlo reach for the nurse call button . int . hospital hallway - day Craig and elyse walk to the elevator . elyse so do you talk to she about the night nanny ? craig yeah . she say she could never let a stranger take care of she baby . elyse oh , so she 's judge we choice . Nice . 25 . Craig push the elevator button . craig I just want my sister back . the last few year ... she use to be happy , you know ? elyse be not she also like , totally irresponsible ? craig she get a little wild sometimes , sure . but overall , she be just fun to be around . then she have the kid . once Sarah come along , it be like somebody snuffed the match . and when jonah be bear ... they shudder at the unspoken . elyse yeah , that be not pretty . ( then ) maybe you should call Drew and see if he can convince she . craig Drew hate I . int . hospital ( bathroom ) - day marlo sit on the toilet in the cramped bathroom while a motherly russian nurse encourage she . russian nurse you have to show I you can do a pee-pee . marlo it 's just not come out . russian nurse if you do not pee soon , we have to put the catheter back in . marlo strain desperately , hope to avoid this outcome . we hear a trickle / pour sound . marlo there . she struggle to stand up . the nurse glance into the bowl . 26 . russian nurse that 's not enough . marlo why be this so important ? russian nurse do not get angry . marlo I peed . why do not you believe I ? it 's in there , I swear . run a test or something . ( angry ) how much do you fuck need ? do I have to spray it all over the room ? you want a golden shower ? russian nurse you need to rest , mommy . we hear the baby cry out . russian nurse ( cont ’d ) I can take she to the nursery . marlo no . she need I . I be the only one who can do it . she stagger out of the bathroom toward she baby . int . marlo and drew's house - night marlo nurse the baby alone . the t.v. flicker in the dark live room . it could be 2:00 be , could be 4:00 . time do not exist anymore . the live room be temporarily '' baby central . '' there 's a portable bassinet ( know in parental circle as a pack not play ) , a pile of diaper and a makeshift changing station on a chair . marlo close she eye . she open they . her arm be empty . the baby be gone . she leap to she foot , panic . scan the floor . run to the kitchen . she hear a coo come from the kitchen sink . a baby 's arm , wave . what be the baby do in the sink ? marlo open she eye . the baby be in she arm , still nursing . it be a dream , a weird one . 27 . through a series of dissolves , we see a montage of endless , grind , exhaust day and night of baby care . we never leave the live room . marlo sleep on the couch with a blanket and pillow -- when she get to sleep . marlo be suddenly drive her car . jonah be inexplicably ( and illegally ) sit in the front seat . marlo glance in the rear view and see the baby lie in the back seat . she slam on the brake , gasp . she look over at jonah , who have turn into a disapproving older woman . ( her mother ? ) marlo suddenly wake up , in she makeshift bed on the couch . the baby be in she arm . what time be it ? hard to say . Drew , in a suit and tie , enter to kiss the baby goodbye and head to work . he look so polished . marlo , so feral . marlo pace , nurse , feed . her clothes change , but they be all the same variation on T-shirt and sweat pants . marlo be lie on the floor of a forest , gaze up at the sky . it 's peaceful for a moment . someone poke she with a stick in the shoulder . poke. poke. poke . poke . marlo wake up . she 's fall asleep sit up . jonah be repeatedly poke she in the shoulder with a toy light saber later : jonah and Sarah be watch cartoon . Sarah try to snuggle up to she mom , who barely respond . marlo stare blankly at barbie 's mermaid adventure . her eye brim with tear . int . saint vitus school - day marlo walk down the hallway with jonah like a zombie . she carry the baby 's infant car seat by its handle ; it have a muslin blanket drape over it so we can not see the baby . they arrive at he kindergarten classroom . marlo ( distract ) Love you . jonah jump up and down and lick marlo 's sleeve , cling to she . she manage to detach he . marlo ( cont 'd ) okay . okay . jonah dash into he classroom . marlo continue down the hallway . 28 . int . saint vitus school ( principal 's office ) - day Laurie be seat at she desk , drink coffee and push paper . marlo enter , escort by a male secretary . marlo hi. laurie hi . thank you so much for come in today . I know morning be not easy . especially for you right now . marlo why ? Laurie gesture to the car seat warmly . marlo ( cont ’d ) oh , yeah . marlo sit down in front of the principal 's desk and place the car seat on the floor . Laurie obviously find it a little odd that marlo do not want to show off or talk about the baby , but say nothing . she come around to marlo 's side of the desk and sit in the other chair there . laurie so , we be come up on the end of the kindergarten year , and I just want to talk to you about mister jonah ! her quasi-affectionate use of '' mister '' do not mask the tension . marlo we be get he the aide . the one - one aide . we just have to figure out how we be go to pay ... her voice trail off . she 's sick of talk about it . laurie right . I know . ( then ) back when you guy apply , we do express some concern about whether or not Saint vitus be the right fit for jonah . but we love you family , and we have such a great relationship with you brother and he wife ... 29 . marlo I know jonah be only here because of they . laurie that 's not -- marlo no , I know . they be big donor and they call in a favor . now Laurie be uncomfortable . she take a deep breath . laurie we think jonah might be better serve by a different school . marlo you be expel he ? laurie no , marlo ... expulsion be a punishment . we would call this a dismissal . marlo oh . laurie there be place better suite to kid like jonah . marlo what do that mean , '' kid like jonah ? '' laurie well , you know , jonah be quirky . marlo ( interrupt ) what be this '' quirky '' thing everyone keep say ? ( officious voice ) '' parent you quirky child . '' it 's so stupid . what do it mean ? it 's like , do I have a kid or a fuck ukelele ? why can not you say what you mean , which be that you think jonah be retarded ? and he 's ruin it for all the other kid in the class who be read like , the iliad or whatever ? ( more ) 30 . marlo ( cont 'd ) sorry about my retarded son . oh , I be sorry , quirky . because he 's a pocket watch . fuck . this . she stand up and grab the baby carrier . Mrs. Bell be alarmed . laurie no , no , no . jonah be bright . he 's great . it 's just not the right fit . marlo just say what you mean . you hate my kid . you hate we . the secretary appear , have overhear the skirmish . laurie ( shake ) Dallas , please walk she out . marlo do not touch I , Dallas . secretary I be not -- laurie you need to calm down . I be not let you leave like this . marlo oh , I leave like this every day ; you just do not know it . this be the real I , when I be not lick you asshole . surprise ! marlo turn and accidentally slam the unwieldy car seat hard against the frame of the door . we hear the baby squeal . Laurie and the secretary gasp . marlo ( cont ’d ) she 's fine . she manage to exit , leave the stunne pair in she wake . int . van ( parking lot ) - day marlo step up into she van and manage to snap the baby 's car seat into its base . she climb into the driver 's seat , and stare into space , breathe heavily . the baby begin crying in the back seat . 31 . marlo climb into the backseat . she find a pacifier in the baby 's seat and suck on it to '' clean '' it . marlo here . the baby reject the pacifier . marlo ( cont ’d ) ( desperate ) take it . just take it . the baby finally start suck . marlo collapse in the unoccupy captain 's chair next to the baby . now it 's marlo 's turn to burst into tear . her shoulder heave . marlo make a decision . she crawl down onto the floor of the van and search for something . there 's a lot of garbage and family detritus . then , under the driver 's seat , she find what she 's look for . she unfold the piece of paper with shaking hand . marlo ( cont ’d ) ( read ) tully . int . marlo and drew's house ( kitchen ) - night the kid be watch tv . marlo take a frozen pizza out of the oven and slap it down on a cut board . she drain some broccoli from a pot on the stove and divide it on to two plate . just go through the motion . jonah daddy ! we hear the front door open . the kid get up and run to the door to greet Drew , thrilled to finally get some attention . a suit-clad Drew walk in , flanke by Sarah and jonah . drew frozen pizza , all right . ( notice the tv ) I think we be not do screen time during the week ? marlo just look at he with hollow eye . Drew put he palm up helplessly . jonah Fine with I . it 's you rule . he walk to the kitchen table and sit . the plate and sit down . the kid take they place . he laugh , marlo so , uh , I decide to call that night nanny . drew ( surprised ) you do ? marlo what ? drew I just -- you know , Craig 's pay for it , so I be sure he ’1ll lord that over we . barely mask he annoyance . marlo oh , I be sorry . I would not want you to sustain a bruise to you ego . that 's cool . in 1l just cancel . i’1l just cancel and make another pot of coffee . we be good . drew no , no ! I be sorry . I do not mean -- ( concerned ) be you okay ? marlo shrug . drew ( cont 'd ) guy , be mommy okay ? sarah I do not know . marlo she 's come tonight at 10:30 . 32 . marlo come over with jonah knock over a glass of milk . it spill directly onto marlo 's shirt and lap , but she do not flinch . drew Jesus ! careful , jonah . marlo peel off she shirt wordlessly . she sit in a nursing bra . her body be a deflate , stretch - mark mess . Drew look away . Sarah 's eye widen with comic amusement . 33. sarah Mom , what 's wrong with you body ? int . marlo and drew's house ( entry ) - night marlo sit in the dimly light live room , hold the baby . she watch HBO 's cathouse with the close - caption on . onscreen , a naked prostitute negotiate with a john . the room be a wreck . we hear a soft knock . marlo get up and hurry quietly to the door with the baby on she shoulder . she open the door , revealing tully , the night nurse , stand there bath in porch light . tully hello . I be tully . tully be in she early twenty . her hair be long ; she wear a T-shirt and jeans and have a backpack sling over she shoulder . there 's punky black eyeliner apply in cat-like swipe above she eye . she look like a friendly grad student with slacker tendency . marlo be take aback ; this be not what she expect . marlo hi. tully you must be marlo . marlo yes . tully May I come in ? marlo step aside wordlessly . tully enter . tully ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the baby ) who 's this ? marlo you mean the baby ? tully yes . what 's she name ? for some reason , the question startles marlo . it 's as though she have forget the baby be human . 34 . marlo her name be Mia . tully be examine the baby , who be snuggle against marlo 's shoulder . we see the baby 's face for the first time . her eye be open . she be beautiful . tully Mia . marlo ramble nervously . marlo it be my mother 's name . I always say I would use it . but now it 's really popular , I guess . she shrug as if apologize for she choice . tully who care ? marlo what ? tully who care if it 's popular ? it 's a beautiful name . she touch Mia 's cheek . Mia coo . marlo be mesmerize by tully 's calm , direct manner . marlo it be . ( then ) how old be you ? tully smile . marlo check herself . marlo ( cont ’d ) I be sorry ; I just be not expect -- tully do not apologize . I get that a lot . I be older than I look . there 's a awkward beat . then : marlo so , how do this work ? tully how do you want it to work ? 35 . marlo I have no idea . tully stride confidently into the house proper . marlo follow behind she , as if be lead into she own home . tully I be here to take care of you . marlo I think you be here to take care of the baby . tully well , you kind of be the baby . marlo chuckle , confuse . tully ( cont 'd ) even though this one 's be earthside for three week , she DNA be still inside of you . in fact , she cell will hang around in you bloodstream for year . as she speak , tully reach for Mia . marlo hand Mia over without hesitation , surprising herself . tully ( cont 'd ) and though Mia here will be she own person someday , right now she 's still very much a part of you . she know you voice , you smell , you heartbeat . and you know she better than anyone . you build she from the toe up . marlo just stare at tully . then : marlo I feel like I do not know she at all yet . tully it ’1ll come . she smile reassuringly -- and we believe she . marlo okay . they be stand in the kitchen now . 36 . tully I will be here as long as you need I . you look like you could use some rest . i’1ll settle in with Mia down here . you go upstairs and sleep . marlo seem shocked by this suggestion . marlo do not I need to show you what to do ? tully be there diaper down here ? marlo yes. tully do she have a place to sleep ? marlo there 's a bassinet in the de . tully then we be good . i’1ll come wake you up when she 's ready to nurse . marlo nod , confuse . sleep -deprive . but game . marlo okay . see you soon . tully smile kindly . tully '' and so to bed . '' marlo hm ? tully Samuel pepy . he keep a diary during the English restoration . marlo right . Samuel pepy . she turn , shaking she head , and head toward the stair . tully look down at Mia , now awake , and smile beatifically . 37 . int . marlo and drew's house ( bedroom ) - night marlo enter the bedroom . Drew be in bed . the light be off . he wear a gaming headset as he play skyrim on he Xbox . he pull off he headset when he see marlo , surprised . drew hey . marlo the night nanny be here . drew oh yeah ? what 's she like ? marlo ( whisper ) weird . drew what ? marlo she 's weird . drew be you go to just leave she down there with Mia ? marlo ponder this briefly . marlo yeah . drew okay . marlo climb into bed . she close she eye , overwhelm by the sudden possibility of sleep . a moment later , she rise from the bed , anxious . she walk toward the bedroom door . open it , revealing not the hallway , but ... a beach ... int . water be edge - day ( dream ) marlo be stand at the edge of the ocean in a bikini . her body be beautiful , like it use to be . she run she hand over she flat belly . 38 . she look down and see mia lie on the sand , alert and kick . marlo ( to Mia ) do not go anywhere . she walk into the ocean . it 's beautiful . the sun shine on the water . marlo duck under . suddenly , she 's in a deep swim pool . she swim down , down . we hear the song '' Blue '' again , but a muffle , underwater version . the floor of the pool be strewn with toy and random detritus , like a empty frozen pizza BOX . there 's a mermaid down there . her hair undulate like kelp . the mermaid turn around smile at she . it 's tully . the tully - mermaid swim up to marlo . tully do not come up too fast . marlo what ? int . marlo and drew's house ( bedroom ) - night marlo open she eye . tully be stand over she , hold Mia and speak softly . tully there you go . Nice and easy . hi , marlo . she 's ready for you . marlo be disorient . Hair be plaster to she cheek with drool . Drew be sound asleep next to she . Mia fuss a bit . tully ( cont 'd ) I will help . she lean down and un -click the strap of marlo 's nursing tank top . it 's a weirdly intimate gesture , but appreciate . marlo take the baby wordlessly and feed she . tully sit cross -legge on the floor of the dark bedroom . she stare serenely at marlo , not break eye-contact . 39 . int . marlo and drew 's house ( bedroom ) - morning we hear the sound of a baby stirring . marlo wake up . it 's Saturday morning . bird chirp . Drew be still sleep . a audio- only baby monitor be plugge in next to the bed ; Mia 's little noise be be transmit . int . marlo and drew's house ( live room ) - same marlo wander downstairs . she gasp . the house be immaculate . almost unrecognizable . the kitchen gleam . there be yellow daffodils pick from the back yard , arrange in a vase . marlo walk over to the bassinet . Mia be swaddle neatly as she stir . jonah emerge behind marlo , bleary - eye in he pajamas . jonah be it a school day or a family day ? marlo it 's Sunday . it 's a family day . jonah look around the room , confuse . jonah why be it clean ? marlo I do not know . ext . park / playground - day marlo and Drew walk through a local park while Sarah run ahead in she soccer uniform and jonah ride a scooter . drew ( incredulous ) so she be in we bedroom last night ? marlo yes . she bring Mia to I to nurse and she just sort of sit in the shadow and wait for I to finish . 40 . drew and then she go downstairs and chisele the filth off we floor . do not she sleep ? marlo maybe she 's nocturnal . like a owl . drew or Sarah 's hamster . remember that thing ? the wheel go all night long ... Sarah run over , interrupt the conversation . sarah Mom , I need water . Drew roll he eye as marlo dutifully produce a thermos . drew the game do not even start yet ! sarah so ? I be thirsty . marlo offer Sarah water . marlo resume the conversation . marlo the nanny just seem so serene . like she really enjoy take care of people . drew what 's wrong with she ? marlo right ? int . marlo and drew's house ( live room / entry ) - night marlo be watch cathouse again and hold Mia . we hear tully 's soft , signature knock . marlo hurry to the door . a smile tully , casually attire in a jayhawks T-shirt , stand on the threshold with she backpack . tully good evening ! 41 . marlo hi. hey , I just want to thank you for clean the house . you really , really do not have to do that . tully I enjoy it . I have a energy surplus . like Saudi Arabia . marlo ( wtf ) oh , all right . as they enter the de , marlo realize that she have forget to turn off the television . a client and a topless hooker be interact on cathouse . marlo ( cont ’d ) oh , God ! I be sorry . embarrass , she reach for the remote . tully stop she . tully no . what be this ? marlo it 's a old reality show . it 's call cathouse . tully what 's it about ? people be fucking on the tv screen . marlo um , the going - on at a legal whorehouse in nevada . just , you know , day - to - day operation . tully look at the smile blonde onscreen . tully who 's she ? marlo that 's Air Force Amy . tully be she a pilot ? marlo no ... I be go to turn this off . 42. tully there 's really no need . you be enjoy it . marlo I be not enjoy it . it just happen to be on ... she realize she 's hit pause on the recording she 's make . marlo ( cont 'd ) --.my dvr . tully marlo , I want to make it abundantly clear that you can not be self - conscious around I . this will not work if you be . marlo I be just not use to be serve , I guess . tully relax and accept my service . pretend I be Air Force Amy . the conversation have reach peak weirdness . marlo okay . well , I be just go to go upstairs and watch a movie with Drew . tully have scoop up a coo Mia . tully have fun . you know , I can put on headphone if you guy want to be intimate . marlo we be not loud . I mean , that 's fine . tully hold Mia up in marlo 's face . tully kiss good night ? tomorrow she ’1ll be different . marlo in what way ? 43. tully she 'il grow a little overnight . and so will we . with she eye fix warily on tully , marlo lean in kiss Mia 's cheek . int . marlo and drew's house ( bedroom ) - night Drew be watch orphan Black on Netflix . marlo pull out she iPad from under the bed and immediately start tapping away . marlo and Drew do not acknowledge each other . int . marlo and drew's house ( bedroom ) - night marlo wake up . she massage she breast ; they be uncomfortably full . the clock on the night stand read 2:07 be . int . marlo and drew's house ( live room ) - night marlo walk into the live room . tully be perch on a chair , hold Mia as she sleep . she smile at marlo . tully hi there . marlo hey . I think I need to nurse she . I feel like I be go to explode . she subtly indicate she engorge boob . tully sure . let 's do a dream feed . marlo settles onto the couch while tully hand she the baby . she lift she shirt as a sleep Mia latch on . marlo wince in pain -- it 's intense . tully ( cont 'd ) she 's get a strong latch . marlo yes , she 's a barnacle . tully if she 's a barnacle , then be you a boat , or be you a whale ? 44 , marlo I do not know ? tully well , boat get hurt by barnacle . but whale do not . when a barnacle latch onto a whale , it 's harmless . it 's just a little obligate parasite do its thing . tully smile . marlo look down at Mia 's little face , choose not to continue with this odd conversation . tully ( cont 'd ) do she look like you other kid ? marlo huh ? yeah , she look a lot like Sarah . my daughter . tully what 's Sarah like ?? marlo well , Sarah 's eight . she 's get to this age where she can be really hard on herself . and that make I nervous , because it do not get better for girl , you know ? tully no , it do not . there 's a knowing sadness in tully 's voice . marlo and my son jonah ... well , he 's pretty great . but he 's exhaust . he all this weird behavior and anxiety . we have to brush he . like , I have to brush he body at night . like a horse . tully why ? marlo well , a therapist tell we that it 's suppose to reduce he sensitivity to everyday thing . ( sheepish ) ( more ) 45 . marlo ( cont 'd ) we can not afford to take he to a therapist anymore , so I just watch YouTube and learn the exercise . it 's call the '' wilbarger brush protocol . '' tully '' protocol . '' marlo right ? it sound like a Tom Cruise movie , except shitty and kind of sad . anyway , it 's my fault he have all this issue . tully why be it you fault ? marlo hesitates . she 's not ready to share this information with a near-stranger . marlo I ... tully you do not have to talk about it . ( beat ) you seem like a amazing mom . marlo yeah , you would be '' amaze '' by how much I suck . tully why would you say that ? marlo well , I know mom who be really amazing . they organize the class party and '' casino night , '' and they make little cupcake with googly - eye . all that stuff . tully you be lay bedrock ; they be plant flower . marlo but I want to be the cupcake mom . I use to love to bake . but now I be so exhaust . even get dress feel like work . ( more ) 46 . marlo ( cont 'd ) every morning I open my closet and think '' do not I just do this ? '' and that continue for the rest of the day . '' do not I just do this ? '' my life be like stick on repeat mode . tully that 's the downside of live on a planet with a short solar day . although Jupiter 's even short . marlo you be like a book of fun fact for unpopular fourth grader . tully thank you . ( then ) what do you do for work , marlo ? marlo I be the office manager at a company that make protein bar . I have a useless degree in philosophy , so now I write email let people know they can not wear croc on '' casual Friday . '' or sometimes , you know , I 'il make a sign for the lady room that say '' please stop flush tampon . you bitch - missile be clogging the pipe . xo , marlo . '' it 's deeply fulfil . tully what do you wish you do ? marlo that 's the problem . I do not know . if I have some big dream that never come true , I could at least be piss off at the world . instead , I be just piss off at myself . tully you be empty . marlo yeah . tully no , I mean you be empty on that side . she 's do . i’1ll take she . 47 . .».. or not . tully gently take Mia from marlo . marlo seem reluctant to go back to bed . she head toward the stair , then turn . marlo thanks for the , uh , interview . it be cathartic . we sense that it really be . tully come back to the couch any time . she flash marlo the peace sign . tully ( cont 'd ) marlo ? marlo ( turn ) hm ? tully I be here to help you with everything . not just Mia . I can not fix the part without treat the whole . marlo no one 's treat my '' hole '' ina long time . tully now , if that be true , we would not have Mia . sleep tight . int . marlo and drew's house ( kitchen ) - day 6:00 am . marlo come downstairs , bleary eye . she carry jonah ; he 's almost too big to be hold , but he still fit . marlo be we go to have a good day today ? jonah meow in response . marlo ( cont ’d ) oh , you be a kitty ? marlo see something on the counter : it 's a tray of whimsical cupcake with googly eye . they be beautifully decorate , even pinterest -worthy . 48 . marlo ( cont 'd ) what the f...? jonah scamper over to the cupcake , delighted . jonah Mom ! do you make this ? they be funny ! marlo they sure be . she pick one up , admire the craftsmanship . marlo ( cont ’d ) you want to take this to school ? jonah yes ! for my friend ! he hug marlo 's leg happily . heartbreak . int . saint vitus school ( jonah 's classroom ) - day marlo , look unusually bright and put-together , walk jonah into he classroom . she '' wear '' Mia in a comfy - look wrap , a far cry from the car seat she carry she in during the last time we see she at school . class have not start yet , but around ten kide scamper around , socialize . marlo peel the foil back from the tray , flash the cupcake at jonah 's teacher , mrs . marvish . marlo okay if we bring in a treat ? they be nut -free . the handful of kide in the classroom roar with approval . one even run up and hug jonah , who beam . but Mrs. marvish seem oddly skittish . mrs . marvish what 's the occasion ? marlo no occasion . I just love to bake . marlo read Mrs. marvish 's nervous expression . marlo ( cont ’d ) oh ... you hear about ... it 's fine . I get it . no hard feeling about jonah or anything . ( more ) 49 . marlo ( cont ’d ) in fact , I kind of make this as a peace offer . you know , I be go to bring one to Mrs. Bell , since she 's the one I ... marlo pluck a cupcake from the tray as she stammer this nervous apology . mrs . marvish okay . thank you . marlo have a good day ! int . saint vitus school ( principal 's office ) - day Laurie 's office door be open ; she 's discuss something with she secretary , Dallas . marlo knock on the door frame . when Laurie and Dallas see marlo , they both blanch from fear . poor Dallas practically jump a foot . marlo hi. ( off they expression ) do not freak out . I be here to apologize for the other day . I bring a olive branch of sort . actually it 's a strawberry cupcake with cream cheese frosting but who want a actual olive branch , right ? no thanks ! bleh . she tentatively place the cupcake on Laurie 's desk . marlo ( cont ’d ) sorry I only bring one , Dallas . anyway , um , I be totally out of line the other day . I have a little touch of the '' baby blue '' and I think my hormone just get the better of I . but I have help now . laurie I be very pleased to hear that . marlo and I understand about jonah . sometimes it 's just not the right fit . laurie you will find the right fit for he . marlo Public school . free of charge , free of Jesus ! she grin triumphantly . Laurie be not sure what to make of marlo 's manic humor , but she smile back . marlo ( cont 'd ) anyway , you guy have a great day . laurie you too ! marlo exit cheerfully . dallas ( to Laurie ) I would not eat that . int . marlo and drew's house - night marlo , Drew , Sarah and jonah eat a home - cook meal . marlo wear Mia in a sling and chat animatedly about the day 's event . marlo ( rambling ) ... so then I stop by the Department of Education and they tell I the public school provide free occupational therapy for any kid who qualify ! you just have to get something call a i.e.p , but the evaluation for that be free too , and I already call early intervention to schedule it . so this could wind up be better for jonah than St. vitus ever be . drew wow . you have be really busy . marlo I be just energize , I guess . Craig be right . sometimes you just need a extra pair of hand . drew and this be so delicious I want to punch someone in the face . how do you make it ? marlo shrug . 51 . marlo it 's so easy to roast a chicken . you just stick some lemon in the cavity , salt , pepper , and you be good to go . sarah be the cavity the butt ? drew Gross , Sarah , no . jonah what be it ? marlo it 's just a big , gape hole where the chicken 's gut use to be . sarah that 's worse than a butt . marlo you be right , Sarah , it 's murder . Drew laugh . and marlo smile , too . int . marlo and drew's house - night it 's night again . marlo cruise to the door in slow - motion , dreamy , pull it open . there she be , as reliable and radiant as the sun : tully . int . marlo and drew's house ( den ) - night we begin a montage , so positive in tone it 's nearly ridiculous . music up : some happy shit marlo and tully sit side by side on the couch , watch the woman on tcm . marlo nurse Mia . she and tully be deep in conversation , laugh and chat . when marlo finish nursing , she rearrange she shirt . but instead of hand the baby back to tully immediately , she keep talk , engross . 52 . int . marlo and drew's house ( kitchen ) - night different outfit , different night . tully and marlo make homemade bread together . marlo wear Mia in the sling while she and tully talk and knead the dough . the clock on the microwave read 1:05 am . int . marlo and drew's house ( table ) - morning marlo cut the loaf of freshly bake bread and serve it to Sarah and jonah with butter and jam . int . marlo and drew's house ( den ) - night marlo fill out i.e.p. paperwork for jonah while tully read a large reference book call how to advocate for you special need child . tully point out a passage to marlo and they discuss . marlo reach for a yellow marker and highlight a sentence . int . marlo and drew's house ( bedroom ) - night it 's a unspecified time of night . marlo climb into bed next to a sleep Drew . she pull the cover up to she chin and snuggle into the pillow , a slight smile on she face . int . marlo and drew's house ( bathroom ) - day marlo be get ready for the day . she 's look less and less like a zombie ; she hair be brush , and she actually have a little color in she cheek . she reach into a makeup pouch and take out a black liquid eyeliner . she have not work it in year , but she lean forward and apply it in tully 's signature cat- like style . it come surprisingly easily to she . she examine herself , satisfied . int . marlo and drew 's house ( den ) - night tully and marlo sit with a pile of inexpensive baby gift that have be send to Mia . we see tully write a thank you note on stationery that say '' marlo moreau '' at the mast . '' dear aunt lorene : thank you for the ... '' tully glance at the gift again . '' , .. glow worm toy for Mia . it be so cute ! Love , marlo . '' 53 . she add the card to a pile . marlo , who be also write a note , smile gratefully . ext . park - day marlo enthusiastically kick a soccer ball to Sarah while Mia sleep contentedly in the stroller . int . marlo and drew 's house ( bedroom ) - night into day marlo be sound asleep again . the room go from dark to light in time - lapse . marlo rise , stretch , refresh . int . coffee house - day marlo sip she morning latte , take a deep breath and compose a text to she old friend violet . '' this be marlo Moreau . wanna be friend again ? '' then , she type . '' ( i£ you will have I . ) '' a moment . a ellipse . and then : '' welcome back to the land of the live . '' follow by : '' bitch . '' marlo chuckle to herself , relieved . ext . craig and elyse 's house ( establishing ) - day Craig and elyse 's mansion look even more impressive by day . there be a bunch of pink balloon tie to the mailbox at the end of the driveway . ext . craig and elyse 's house ( back yard ) - day it 's the perfect sunny spring day for greta 's birthday party . of course , Craig and elyse have go completely over the top . there 's a dessert table , pony ride , etc . a drone soar above the proceedings , take video . 54 . jonah be play with water balloon . marlo be hang out at a fold table while Mia sleep in the car seat . Drew be a few yard away at the bar . a costume princess swishes past he with a armful of party prop ( wand , bag of dress - up clothes , etc . ) she accidentally drop she tambourine . marlo watch as Drew bend over to help the princess pick up she item . they chat for a moment . the princess be basically a rough-looking stripper in a ball gown , but Drew be clearly charme . Craig suddenly and conveniently appear next to Drew and join the conversation . it 's obvious the two guy be be extra '' on '' for the princess , who 's laugh . marlo can not help but notice how the girly costume and wig affect the two man . Drew notice marlo watch with a wry expression and head back over . Craig reluctantly follow . marlo clock Craig and Drew 's beer . marlo it 's 11 a.m. craig I know . it 's oatmeal stout . do you see princess Hannah ? she be a miss Hawaiian tropic finalist . marlo how magical . drew greta look happy . greta do look happy as she and she friend , include Sarah , run up to princess Hannah . shasta , the nanny , follow after as always . craig greta should look happy . look at all this shit . we wedding at the ritz be not this nice . elyse walk over , spanking Craig playfully on the butt . elyse yes it be ! she wink at marlo . elyse ( cont 'd ) marlo , you look awesome ! for real . 55 . marlo you be not lie this time . elyse ha ha . how be you do ? marlo I be really , really good . thank you so much for the night nanny . drew yes . that 's be a game - changer . I mean , I can not overstate -- Craig look at they quizzically . craig you call she ? marlo yeah . I decide to stop be '' marlo the martyr '' and accept help . seriously , I appreciate it . elyse be not it nice to have some help and actually be able to enjoy you kid ? marlo where be you kid , elyse ? taken aback , elyse scan the yard . elyse um ... I do not know . but I be sure they be have the best time . right ? I mean look at all this . she take a sip of wine , embarrassed . suddenly , Sarah appear , cling to marlo . drew hey , Sarah . what 's up ? sarah nothing . elyse why do not you go see what princess Hannah 's do ? 56 . sarah I do not think she 's a real princess . craig sure she be . sarah no . her skin look like a orange peel . drew Sarah ! sarah it 's orange and there 's like hole in it . marlo that be call pore . sarah yeah , she have big pore . marlo pat Sarah 's shoulder with affection . int . craig and elyse 's house ( playroom ) - day the party have move into the playroom . kid mill about , make a mess and eat pifiata candy . marlo and Sarah be at the front of the room , sing a karaoke duet together . now , both of they face be paint as butterfly . they be do a shockingly good job at '' call I maybe . '' sarah hey , I just meet you . marlo and this be crazy . sarah so here 's my number . marlo call I maybe . sarah and marlo before you come into my life I miss you so bad . I miss you so bad . I miss you so , so bad . 57 . Sarah and marlo be dance around , enjoy a rare moment of pure mother - daughter whimsy . Drew watch he wife , surprised to see she be this outgo . marlo strut to the front of the room , do a crazy dance solo , spanking she own ass and '' riding the pony . '' Craig and elyse appear at Drew 's side . elyse marlo seem really ... awake . craig ha ha , yeah , she 's get the pep back in she step , as we nana use to say . I be loving it . Craig seem pleased , but Drew do not recognize this person . he look slightly disturb . drew I mean , it 's actually kind of weir -- craig ( interrupt ) oh look , she 's do the nae nae ! drew what ? elyse go marlo ! go marlo ! Craig and elyse be so entertained by '' fun marlo '' that Drew manage to suppress the nag feel of of concern and join the party , so to speak . he smile tightly . craig ( pleased ) there she be . int . marlo 's car — day Drew drive home . jonah and Sarah be asleep in the back seat . marlo be pass out in the passenger seat . she 's sweat off most of she butterfly makeup and look slightly derange . 58 . int . marlo and drew's house ( den ) - night tully , have just arrive for she shift , drop she overstuffed backpack on the floor of the kitchen and open the fridge like a hungry teenager . marlo can not help but smile as she paw through the food . tully what 's that in the pitcher ? marlo oh , I make sangria since it 's get warmer . it always remind I of college . tully you see ? you be a homemaker . marlo because I make sangria ? people make sangria in prison toilet . tully I know . it 's call '' pruno . '' May I have a glass ? this request surprise marlo , come from she baby 's caregiver , but she marlo uh , sure . I guess I 'il have one too . that 's polite hostess , right ? marlo get two glass out of the cabinet . tully a - 1 . let 's take the baby outside and enjoy the evening . marlo sure . ext . marlo and drew 's house ( back yard ) - night marlo and Drew 's back yard be small , weedy and unimpressive -- no japanese soaking tub . but there be white fairy light strung from the house to the detach garage , and it 's cozy . tully and marlo ( accompany by Mia ) sit on a outdoor couch side by side , sip they sangria . 59 . tully ( cont 'd ) be I ever go to meet Drew ? marlo ( sarcastic ) sure , let 's wake he up right now . tully I mean , be not he curious about the person who 's minister to he wife and baby every night ? marlo he 's curious . he ask about you . but he 's -- well , he 's not the most social guy . like , I love he , but he 's a nerd . a real nerd , not like a postmodern nerd . he 's the kind of guy who go to high school wear a trench coat and a hat and not even a little deodorant . tully nod . marlo ( cont ’d ) anyway , he work all day and then he really do a lot with the kid when he get home . homework , the read log , all of it . we make they lunch together . and then he just shut down . he go upstairs and put on he little headset and then he 's just out . tully do not you guy ever ... marlo have sex ? no . we have not have sex in month . maybe close to a year . he do put a sock on the door to warn I when he 's masturbate . tully that 's considerate . marlo be you in a relationship ? tully I be in several . marlo ha . I be like you back in the day . I try every horse on the carousel . and then I meet Drew . tully which horse be Drew ? marlo toss back the last of she drink . marlo Drew be the bench . she pour out more sangria for she and tully . tully but you love he . marlo yeah . definitely . I choose the right person ; I know that . tully then why do not you have sex ? marlo well , I hold the baby all day . it 's I and she and it 's primal ; we be just like two gorilla at the zoo . then nighttime roll around , and I be just suppose to switch gear and go , '' okay , now I be sexy . now my boob be suppose to be sexual , instead of two bag of milk ina canadian grocery store . it 's like -- do you ever play tetris ? when I be a kid I use to play tetris for hour and hour . I be addict . and when I would go to bed , I have close my eye and I have still see that stupid brick fall . it 's like that now , except instead of brick , it 's Mia . I go to bed and I just see Mia . I smell she . I feel she . I can not turn it off . tully I understand . marlo of course you do . tully I like Drew . I like what I know of he . and I want you guy to stay together . marlo oh , I do too . I do not want my kid to grow up like I do . I have three stepmother , can you believe that ? krystal , tricia , and wei-wei . tully then we need to fix this . do Drew have any sexual fantasy ? marlo be take aback by this frank query . marlo well , I mean , I have see he browser history . pretty basic stuff . you know , girl from Florida with star tattooe on they rib . tully know marlo be hold back information . marlo ( cont 'd ) actually ... there be one thing . Drew work at a diner when he be in high school . wash dish . and the waitress , they all wear that little outfit , with the hat ? he 's have a fantasy about it ever since . tully there 's a reason they call they the formative year . marlo yeah . so I actually buy a uniform a while back , think I would wear it and surprise he . but then I just never get around to it . and now my leg have vein , my tit have vein ... my body 's a relief map of a war-torn country . tully do you still have it ? the little uniform . marlo yes , but even if it fit , it would just be depress . ( more ) 61 . 62 . marlo ( cont 'd ) you , on the other hand -- you could wear the shit out of it . she give tully a awkward once -over . tully raise a eyebrow , inspire . int . marlo and drew's house ( stair ) - night marlo quickly tiptoe down the stair hold a wad of clothing . tully stick she hand out of the bathroom , dress - room style . marlo hand she the dress , amused by the gambit . marlo here . never be wear . tully ( behind the door ) there 's you trouble . marlo wait outside the bathroom . the door swing open . tully do , in fact , look very cute . tully ( cont 'd ) Patty melt ? marlo you should keep that . wow , you have have zero child . tully do you think I should leave it on when we get upstairs , or take it off ? marlo upstair ? tully smile expectantly and square she shoulder . marlo ( cont ’d ) you be joke . int . marlo and drew's house ( bedroom ) - night marlo open the door a crack . Drew be sound asleep , curl up on he side of the bed . the clock on the night stand read 12:10 am . marlo open the door fully . tully walk in behind she . tully ( whisper ) be this a fifty diner ? I want to be accurate to the period . marlo it 's just a regular diner . tully be I sassy ? marlo maybe just keep the dialogue to a minimum . tully okay . tully nod and walk over to the bed . she gently wake Drew . drew ( groggy ) huh ? jonah ? tully hi there . I do not think we have meet . will you be dining in today ? marlo nod reassuringly . Drew , in shock , just stare at tully . tully climb on top of Drew effortlessly . tully ( cont 'd ) if you be not familiar with we menu , I recommend the egg cream . Drew struggle , surprised . drew what the hell , marlo ? marlo it 's okay , Drew . this be for you . just go with it . tully begin kissing Drew . marlo walk to the side of the bed . Drew resist for another moment , then surrender . tully begin pull up Drew 's T-shirt . tully we also have a wonderful selection of pastry . and I have just put ona fresh pot of hot coffee . 64 . drew ( helpless ) okay . marlo ( to tully ) I x11 tell you what he like . tully why do not you show I ? I be just a trainee . marlo all right . Drew eagerly pull off he shirt . tully pull down he pants . marlo gingerly creep onto the bed and kneel behind tully . she unzip tully 's waitress uniform -- if it 's possible to do so tenderly , she do . she look into Drew 's eye over tully 's shoulder . he gaze back at she with love and gratitude in he eye , accept the gift without further question . int . drew and marlo 's house ( kitchen ) - morning the next morning , over coffee . they can barely make eye contact . Drew clear he throat . while embarrassed , he also look like the proverbial cat who eat the canary . drew should we talk about last night ? marlo we do not have to . drew that be pretty kinky . where do the costume come from ? marlo just a uniform supply place . I be really nervous you would not be up for it . drew be you kid ? marlo I be afraid you have think I be crazy . 65 . drew why have not we ever do that before ? marlo it 's not like the opportunity ever present itself ... hi , jo- jo ! before she can finish explain herself , jonah prance into the room in he pajamas . jonah I have a dream about a camel . marlo pull he onto she lap . marlo a camel ! be you in the desert ? jonah no , I be in my house . marlo that 's so silly . you want pancake ? jonah yes ! marlo let 's see if we can make mickey mouse . jonah but the last time we try that , he only have one ear . marlo nope , this be a two - ear day . I can feel it . Drew stare at he wife admiringly , lovingly as she and jonah head to the refrigerator for egg and milk . int . park ( running trail ) - day a run trail . marlo , with earbud in she ear , be ready for she first workout since give birth . she wear a sport tank and sweat . she start jogging with a slow gait . there 's another runner up ahead , a college girl with a ponytail , a perfect ass , and perfect run skill . marlo run faster . soon , she 's gain on the woman . 66 . determined , marlo speed up . she keep run , she cheek red . she 's push herself past the point of exhaustion , run like the T -1000 . we see Sarah riding she bike nearby . she pause , watch she mom fly by . she look both impressed and confuse . marlo finally pass the girl . she veer off the path and practically collapse against a tree . she 's panting , red - face . the girl slow up as she approach . runner girl you okay ? reveal marlo , panting and red-face , with two huge wet spot spread over she breast . marlo give the girl the thumb up . her head drop between she leg . int . marlo and drew's house ( kitchen ) - night it 's late . the time on the microwave read 9:59 . marlo be read a book call '' parent the out-of - sync child . '' she hear the familiar knock on the door and put down she book . int . marlo and drew's house ( entry ) - night tully enter , look subtly different . her usual T-shirt have be replace with a cute '' go out '' top , and she sneaker have be trade in for lace - up boot . she wring she hand apologetically . tully marlo , I be really sorry to do this , but can I ask you a huge favor ? marlo of course . I mean , you have do so much for I . what do you need ? tully I need a night off . like really bad . 67 . marlo no problem . you have be come here every night for week . just let I know when . tully now. marlo ( surprised ) oh. sure . you know , you could have just call I . you do not have to come here . tully well , that 's the thing . I want you to come with I . marlo where ? tully out . to the city . tully 's energy be manic . her eye sparkle . marlo the city-city ? tully yeah . New York . Big Apple . City that never sleep . marlo to do what ? tully fun stuff . go to a bar . dance . marlo laugh at the utter absurdity of the idea . marlo who 's go to take care of Mia ? tully oh , I do not know . it 's almost as though there 's another responsible adult at this address . name Drew . marlo but what if she -- tully will not even let marlo finish a sentence . 68 . tully Mia 's be sleep through the night for the last week . Drew will not even know we be go . marlo God , I do not know ... tully Drew go into Manhattan every single day . marlo for work . I can not , tully . you go out and have a good time . tully I can not have a good time without you . marlo come on . tully you know , I feel like I have be very useful around here . in many regards . and I do not think this be a unreasonable request . I do not have a lot of friend my own age , due to the unusual nature of this job , and I just need to get out . and p.s. -- you do too ! you can not be a good mom without adequate self - care . marlo I do not know if get shit - wreck in Manhattan qualify as '' self -care . '' tully okay . you be right . ( then ) we will go to Brooklyn . her smile be irresistible . int . marlo 's car - night a newly make - up marlo drive . she look reasonably hip , have trade she sweatpant for jeans and a T-shirt . tully ride shotgun , check she makeup in a compact . 69 . marlo I still think maybe we should have uber-ed it . tully I tell you , I ’1ll be the chauffeuse . i’1l have one or two drink and then I 'il drive we home . marlo why be you so nice to I ? ( dry ) I mean , aside from the fact that you be be pay . tully I think you and I both know that this be more than a transaction . marlo chuckle uncomfortably . marlo yeah , I have pretty much trust you with everything . tully I have trust you , too . thanks for not murdering I . marlo snort . tully ( cont 'd ) seriously . marlo I need bourbon . tully bourbon 's my drink . tully smile and turn up the radio . marlo 's worry start to fade away as she become energize by they escape . ext . bridge - night marlo 's Honda fit cross a bridge over a river that will take they out of Rye and toward the city . 70 . ext . bushwick , brooklyn - night marlo 's car cruise down wyckoff Avenue in bushwick . young people cross the street and converge on the corner , smoking and talk . a girl wear leg warmer make out with she boyfriend . marlo become excited , restless , as she look out at the pass scene . marlo this be my old neighborhood . I live here for year . tully then this be where we should be . marlo it be not always this nice . look , there 's a bakery for dog . tully what do it use to be ? marlo a bakery for human . tully whoa . marlo yes . people eat flour in that time . int . bushwick bar - night marlo and tully walk into a crowded , popular bar . marlo look more radiant than we have ever see she . younger . it 's like the tension in she face have disappear for the first time in month . tully stride up to the bar . marlo hang meekly beside she . they somehow get immediate service -- tully have that power . tully hi. two maker , neat . hot bartender you want any water with that ? tully do I look like I need a bath ? the young bartender grin at tully . 71 . hot bartender you get it , babe . the bartender disappear to fill the order . marlo smile wistfully at the flirtation . marlo that guy be obsessed with you . tully actually , he be look at you . marlo yeah , right . I have the sex appeal of a binder clip . tully you look radiant tonight . marlo look at tully with great affection . marlo really ? go on . tully how long have it be since you have a girl 's night ? marlo a year or ten . tully do you have a lot of girlfriend ? marlo not anymore . she smile uncomfortably , close the subject . the bartender push the drink across the bar . marlo ( cont ’d ) thanks , babe . int . bushwick bar ( corner / table ) - night tully and marlo settle in . marlo look around the room . people having fun . youth. Energy . she can not help but smile . this be exactly what she need . marlo this use to be a different bar . they must have take it down to the stud . I hardly recognize it . 72 . tully have you ever hear of the '' ship of Theseus '' paradox ? marlo yeah , in college , I think . which one be that ? tully let 's say you be to take a wooden ship and replace one plank every year . eventually , the ship would be make up of entirely new plank and there would be nothing leave of the original ship . so be it still the same ship ? or a new ship ? a buzze marlo think about it very briefly . marlo New ship . tully why ? marlo because it just be ! nothing 's the same . it 's a new ship , baby . nouveau bateau . her french accent be absurd as she take a swig of bourbon . tully then what about people ? when you look at you baby picture , clearly you be unrecognizable compare to now . but it 's you . marlo if every part of I have regenerate then I guess I be not I anymore . tully well , human can not regenerate completely . there 's actually one part of we that do not . marlo what 's that , encyclopedia Brown ? tully the hearing cell in we ear . they can not grow back . once they be dead , they be dead . 73 . int . brooklyn bar - night we be in a different bar , where a rock not roll band rip through a raucous song . Music blast , kill that ear cell dead . tully and marlo dance wildly . tully grab marlo 's hand . they twirl and spin . marlo be drunk . she do not care who 's watch . int . smaller bar ( booth ) - night a thoroughly drunk marlo and tully settle into a more intimate bar for '' just one more . '' there 's a newfangled touch - screen jukebox against the wall ; a guy be plugging in some song . tully clock it , excited . tully I want to play something . tully dash off . marlo check out the cozy bar . a group of punk girl head to the bathroom en masse . marlo stare at they longingly . moment later , the song '' Blue '' by the jayhawks begin play ; we recognize it as one of marlo 's favorite from the beginning of the movie . tully return to the booth . marlo hey , this be one of my favorite song ! tully mine too . that 's why I pick it . marlo I use to listen to this with violet all the time . ( explain ) I live with she , here in bushwick , a long time ago . this be we record . ( then , confuse ) how do you get it to play right away ? tully it 's a secret . marlo you know what my daughter and she friend say ? '' ( more ) 74 . marlo ( cont 'd ) secret , secret be no fun . secret , secret hurt someone . tully well , if I tell you a secret , you have to tell I one of yours . okay ? marlo sure . why not ? tully we all do it at the same time . Count of three . ready ? marlo nod . tully ( cont 'd ) one , two , three . marlo tully I be gay . I pay a extra fifty cent . marlo wait , what do you say ? tully I pay a extra fifty cent . you can skip the line on this new jukebox if you pay just a little extra . I be feel grandiose . marlo thank you for share that , tully . tully be not it brave of I ? marlo sit back in the booth , close she eye , she head swim . ext . bushwick STREET - night tully help marlo walk down the street . marlo be obliterated , stumbling . tully somehow seem perfectly sober . marlo wait ... wait ... stop . you be not go to drive , be you ? tully I be fine . I promise . 75 . marlo that 's not possible . you go round for round with I . let 's just leave the car here and take a cab back . tully but Drew will be angry . marlo brace herself against a parking meter . marlo Drew do not get angry . he just get very quiet . tully and that 's worse than angry , be not it ? right . as always . marlo this be the last thing you be go to talk I into , tully . tully you be right . it be . marlo oh , you be quit ? tully you know this be temporary . besides , I think it 's time for I to find another line of work . marlo so what do you have line up ? I bet you have big plan . you twenty be great . but then you thirty come around the corner like a garbage truck at 5 a.m . yeah . you gotta think long - term . what be you go to do when that cute little ass drop and you foot grow half a size with each pregnancy , and the whole '' free spirit '' thing stop be charming and start look ugly ? tully I be not afraid of the future . marlo you should be . I be it . 76 . tully what 's wrong with that ? you know what you problem be ? you be convinced you be a failure , but you actually make you biggest dream come true . marlo what ? tully I know how bad you childhood be . so now you be give you kid what you never have . that sameness you despise ? that 's you gift to they . waking up every day , do the same thing for they over and over even though it grind you down . yes , you be boring . you marriage be boring , you house be boring , and that 's incredible . that 's the big dream you have when you be young . to grow up and be dull and constant and raise you kid in that circle of safety . you make it happen , marlo . you be a steady and elegant mother . Day after day . night after night . marlo ( whisper ) but I do not feel safe . I feel scared . tully that 's what I be here for . to keep you safe , so you can do you job . we can not afford to lose you . marlo stop caring so much . you be such a care lord . tully you be a care lord . marlo look at tully . she suddenly turn and run across the street to a rack of citi bike . tully watch , confuse , as marlo drunkenly wrangle a bike . tully ( cont 'd ) marlo ! marlo ride off into the night at full speed . 77 . ext . bushwick street - night marlo be riding as fast as she can toward she undisclose destination . tully come up next to she on a second citibike . they both pedal like mad . tully where be we go ? marlo I need to go to my old place . tully but you do not live there anymore . marlo stop . consider this . take off again . ext . bushwick residential STREET - night after riding for a few block , marlo arrive at a big , old industrial brick build . pant and sweat , she hop off the bike and drop it on the sidewalk . she approach the door . there 's a large security keypad for entry . marlo ( to herself ) okay , what be this ? tully come up next to she . marlo ( cont ’d ) this do not use to be here . she drunkenly punch in a few number , mutter to herself . marlo ( cont 'd ) unit 5 ... nothing happen . marlo ( cont 'd ) fuck . she repeatedly punch the key-pad in a rage . tully marlo , this be not you home . marlo 's nose be press up to the glass . marlo there 's a fuck lobby now ? with furniture ? ( more ) 78 . marlo ( cont 'd ) what happen to the guy who sleep in the doorway ? I use to step over that guy every morning to go to work . and he would say '' good morning , margo . '' every damn day . I and vi would bring hima sandwich sometimes . where be he ? do you think he die ? tully yes , I do . let 's walk . marlo pull out she cell phone , desperately . marlo she still life here . I be texting she . she 'il let we up . do you like coke ? she always have it . you know , you have not clean a kitchen until you have do it bolivian - style . marlo be frantically type a text message . tully try to stop she , but she hit '' send . '' marlo ( cont ’d ) I let she know we be here . she 's go to like you a lot . like , a lot . tully we have to go home . and I can not leave without you , marlo . I wish I could let you stay , and go up there , but there be no '' there '' anymore . marlo yes there be . look ! she pound the brick with she fist . tully just look at she sadly . tully come with I . marlo 's tone turn accuse . marlo this be you idea . why do you bring I here in the first place ? 79 . tully I be be selfish . we come too far out . I have to bring you home . marlo rub she breast , wince with discomfort . marlo ow . tully you be really full . marlo it hurt . I need Mia . i‘1l just go home and feed she . marlo be massage she sore breast compulsively . tully no . not yet . marlo ( cry ) I miss she . tully you will see she soon . come on . marlo she will not the same tomorrow . that 's what you say . I do not want she to grow ! tully yes , you do . tully beckon to marlo . defeat , marlo stumble toward tully . tully take she arm and lead she away from the building . marlo lay she head on tully 's shoulder and cry . as they walk off into the night , we suddenly hear a voice on the intercom . it sound hoarse and disorient . violet ( 0.s. ) hello ? marlo , be you out there ? but tully and marlo be already out of earshot , disappear into the night . violet ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) marlo ? 80. int . seedy dive bar - night tully and a dishevel marlo enter a seedy dive bar they definitely do not belong at . tully guide marlo toward the bathroom . the door swing OPEN . a truly disgusting dude be walk out . we can see even from this vantage point that it 's not a appeal place to deal with the milk situation . but marlo be desperate . int . dive bar bathroom - night tully and marlo enter the bathroom . it 's trainspotting - filthy , with grafitti on the wall . tully take off she sweater and wet it in the sink under hot water . marlo what be you do ? tully I be make a hot compress . it ' 1ll feel like a little baby mouth . marlo this be really mess up . tully it 's all help get thing go . she hand marlo the makeshift compress . marlo put it on she boob dutifully . tully ( cont 'd ) okay . now milk yourself . marlo stand over the toilet and start massage herself . marlo it 's not work . ( gag ) oh God , it smell like spam in here . tully think about Mia . do you have a photo ? that might help . she take marlo 's phone out of she purse and quickly pull up marlo 's photo . she scroll through , look for a photo of Mia . we glimpse a lot of weird selfies of marlo . 81 . tully ( cont 'd ) why do you have so many picture of yourself ? marlo I keep think the next one will look different . tully find a photo of Mia and hold the phone in front of marlo 's face . someone bang on the door . tully one second ! marlo I ’m performing a MIRACLE ! ( then ) it will not come out . tully let I . do you mind ? marlo tacitly agree . tully begin knead marlo 's breast . tully ( cont 'd ) you have to use a roll motion . marlo look queasy . tully roll she hand back and forth . tully ( cont 'd ) see ? it 's like a wave . marlo I think I be go crazy . we hear a trickling sound as marlo 's milk finally let down into the toilet bowl below . tully there we go . marlo vomit . tully hold back she hair . when marlo come up for air , tully be already there to gently wipe marlo 's mouth with a napkin . tully ( cont 'd ) now we will go home . int . marlo 's car - night marlo be slump in the front seat . tully be in the driver 's seat . for the first time ever , she seem nervous . 82 . tully try to stay awake . marlo I be so tired . tully I know . but I need you to stay with I . let 's have a conversation . marlo all we do be converse . we be like the people in a Spanish textbook . Maria and julio , they never shut up . ( then ) what be I go to do without you ? tully you be go to take care of yourself . you be go to shower every day , nourish and exercise you body , and maybe even send yourself rose once in a while . promise I you will . marlo ( drift off ) that 's ... so ... corny ... tully look marlo , it 's the bridge . they be approach the bridge that take they back to Rye . tully ( cont 'd ) look . you be go to be in a soft bed in you little house before you know it . under the same roof with you three baby , cozy and crowded . that old carpete in you bedroom . World 's weakest shower . Home . marlo mmph . tully we be go home . tully begin to lose control of the vehicle . first subtly , and then , it 's beyond save ... 83 . in a instant , the car crash into a guard rail . marlo 's eye briefly open . another car plow into they . Black water . silence . a flashback to marlo 's dream the first night she meet tully : a vision of the tully-mermaid in the pool , she back turn , swim away forever . siren , the groan of a tow truck . the surprisingly mundane conversation of paramedics ... paramedic 1 ( 0.s. ) can you pass I that gauze ? yeah , I do not even know they have pizza . but it be not bad . paramedic 2 ( 0.s. ) let 's get another blanket here . int . hospital room - day marlo lie asleep in a hospital bed . she 's beat up . there be cut and laceration on she face . she have a black eye , a break arm , and she leg be in traction . Drew sit on a chair next to she bed , pale and gravely concerned . the room be silent . dr . smythe , a middle - age woman , knock and enter . dr . smythe hi. you be marlo 's husband ? drew ( rise ) yes . I be Drew . dr . smythe I be Dr. smythe . I be on the psychiatric staff here . I have like to talk to you about marlo . drew okay ... dr . smythe not here . let 's let she nap . int . empty hospital room - day Drew and Dr. smythe be in a empty hospital room or office , away from where marlo can hear they . 84 . dr . smythe do she have a history of mental illness ? drew no . well , yeah . she have some depression after we son be bear , five year ago . it be pretty bad . dr . smythe when you say '' bad '' ... drew she do not want to hold he . she could not look at he . she just be not herself for month . she actually , well , she do try to -- ( flustered ) just tell I what 's go on . dr . smythe we think she 's experience something similar now , but on a more extreme scale . this be what we call '' postpartum psychosis . '' Drew be flabbergasted . drew psychosis ? dr . smythe yes . it 's a lot more serious than just depression . it 's characterize by hallucination , delusion ... drew but she 's be amazing ! she 's so different this time . her brother get she a night nanny to help out , and she 's get sleep ... dr . smythe actually , we believe she 's suffer from extreme exhaustion and sleep deprivation . drew oh. how ? ( surprised ) I do not know . she seem better than she 's ever be . ( think ) ( more ) 85 . drew ( cont 'd ) I mean , there have be a couple of thing that be out - of- character , but I just ... I just can not believe she would drive drunk like that . and she just disappear without tell I . there be no one watch the baby ! dr . smythe be not you home ? drew well , yeah , but ... dr . smythe what about the night nanny ? drew I do not know where she be . I do not know anything about she ; it be marlo 's thing . can I go back in there , please ? dr . smythe they actually need you to finish some of the paperwork at admit . then we will reconvene . drew okay . int . hospital room - day marlo lie in bed , woozy and dreamy . she stare at the tray next to she bed . untouch food , a plastic pitch or water . there 's a knock . she manage to turn and look at the door . marlo ( whisper ) come in . int . hospital ( admitting desk ) - day Drew walk up to the admitting area , where a female employee surround by file tap away on a computer . drew hi. do you guy need some information on marlo Moreau ? 86 . hospital employee Moreau , yes . I have almost everything I need . do you have you insurance card ? Drew dig the card out of he wallet . drew yes , yes . he hand the card over . the employee begin type rapidly on she keyboard , and ask question in the familiar , distract tone of that who do such work . hospital employee ..- and the patient 's date of birth ? drew 6/7/77 . hospital employee ( type ) ..- last four digit of she social ? drew um , 8734 . hospital employee and she maiden name ? Drew be distract , check he phone as he reply . drew tully . int . hospital room - day the door to marlo 's hospital room swing open . it 's tully , uninjured . no worse for the wear . she smile apologetically at marlo . tully hey . you be a little beat up . marlo you should see the river . marlo 's voice be a exhaust croak . marlo ( cont ’d ) I do not tell anyone . about you . they do not even know you be there . 87 . tully you can tell they if you want to . it 's okay . the people here will understand . marlo I do not know if they will . tully sit down on marlo 's bed . tully we can not see each other anymore . marlo I know . tully this be suppose to be temporary anyway . a few week . just until the smoke clear . marlo what do I do now ? tully what you have always do . and then you will do it again . and they 's 11l grow , and you will grow , and one day you will rest and you 'il wish you could do it all over . marlo if I be older , how be you wiser ? tully because I have lot of time to think about stuff . remember ? she smile and smooth marlo 's hair back from she forehead . marlo take tully 's hand and hold it . marlo thank you for keep I alive . tully same . int . hospital hallway - day Drew be head back to marlo 's room . he pass tully in the hallway as they head in opposite direction . he do not notice she . of course . 88 . int . hospital room - day Drew enter . he see that marlo be awake and stop in he track . drew hi. marlo hi. Drew reach out and touch marlo 's hand . drew um. ( choke up ) I be sorry . marlo why be you sorry ? Drew be tremble . drew I be sorry I let this happen to you . marlo you do not do anything . Drew start cry . drew I know . that 's the problem . I do not know what be happen at night ! I be just overwhelm , between the baby , and work , and it seem like you be do great . marlo I be do great . ( smile ) be not I great ? drew fuck that . I do not need you to be great . I just need you to be you . we love you so much . I be sorry if you want to run away . I do too . but I do not , because I love we . marlo I love we too . ( then ) be I in trouble ? 89 . drew yeah . you be in trouble . marlo nod , painfully . Drew lay he head on she chest . she touch he with she good hand . drew ( cont 'd ) who be you with last night ? marlo nobody . tear slide down she cheek . marlo ( cont ’d ) but next time I want to be with you . drew yeah ? marlo yes . let 's go out . let 's talk . there 's still a world out there . we could go see it sometime . even if it 's just for a few hour . drew okay . marlo okay . int . marlo and drew's house ( hallway ) - night week have pass . marlo walk down the hallway of she house with a cane . her bruise have fade to yellow , but she arm be still in a sling . she stop into Sarah 's room . Sarah be labor over she homework , as usual . marlo lean over Sarah 's desk , murmure guidance , then tousle she hair . int . marlo and drew's house ( jonah 's bedroom ) - night marlo move on down the hallway to jonah 's room . jonah sit patiently in he pajamas , await he treatment as he do every night . marlo be there to attend to he . she prop she cane against the wall and limp toward he . marlo ready ? 90 . as in the beginning , we hear '' Major Tom , '' from jonah 's langley school Music Project album . marlo reach for jonah 's wilbarger brush . marlo ( cont 'd ) let 's start with you foot tonight . she begin sweeping the brush over the sole of he foot . jonah Mom , be this real ? marlo pause . marlo what do you mean ? jonah do it work ? we do it every night but I be not sure what it 's suppose to do . marlo think about it . marlo well , honestly , I do not know . do you like when we do it ? jonah I like be by you . marlo smile . marlo I like be by you too . jonah and it feel nice , I guess . marlo well , maybe that 's all that matter . jonah but we can just be together . we do not have to do the brush . I kind of do not think it 's real . marlo okay . if you do not think we need it , then I guess we will stop . she put the brush down and rest she chin in she hand . gl . jonah suddenly lean forward and put he arm around she . jonah I love you . the song end . marlo I love you too . they be still wrap in a embrace . jonah can you play the song again ? marlo the same one . jonah yes , silly mommy . always the same one . marlo lean over to the CD player . she press '' play '' on the track again , start the song . then she press '' repeat , '' ensure that jonah will hear it as many time he want . jonah and marlo rock back in forth in a embrace as Major Tom count down again , for the hundredth time , the thousandth ... the end